Ah, yes, the psychosomatic limp. Sherlock was going to have to do something about that if John was going to stick around. And Sherlock very much wanted her to stick around. More than for what the future
Mycroft instructed Watson to: “Watch.” She moved the camera as far as it would go in the other direction. Then, she said, “There is another camera on the building opposite you. Do you see it?”
“Not yet,” John replied. When she looked up at Mycroft again the civil servant could see that the soldier’s mask was down. There was a twinkle in those blue eyes that had not been there a moment before. Nor had there been that little turn up at one corner of John’s mouth. “I would really like to know who you are. You’ve not said yet.”
The paper began to lower to his lap, as his hands that were holding it began to lower themselves to his lap, and he saw John come into his line of sight over the top of his newspaper. John was looking at him oddly. Sherlock realised he must have had a very strange look on his face because the look John was currently giving him back was slightly concerned. "What's up?" asked John, innocently.
What had happened earlier that morning was that John had woken abruptly at 6.02 a.m., to the stench of something obnoxious burning downstairs and had pounded down the staircase in just his pants and skidded into the kitchen; heart in his mouth that something had caught fire…but when he spun round the kitchen doorway and realised the full extent of the situation, his heart dropped safely back down again and he just thought in total resignation,
Sherlock had found (or not found) what he was looking for on his phone. He dropped it back on the duvet. “Last night,” he said. He yawned again. “Any of that coffee left?” he said casually through the yawn.
"What? I like walking." John said defensively. Then he said, cleverly changing the subject, "Where is Gabriel Peters from anyway?"
and at that point I thought that someone else was pretending to be Gabriel Peters, but it was only when I saw you painting and knew that the work was by the same person that I realised it was you.”
But Sherlock was still stuck on the very first thing John had said. "Because of me?" he repeated, in confusion, still seated and looking up at John.
The man in blue glanced awkwardly over at them. “Me?” he said. The woman he was with appeared suddenly horrified and pointedly looked away from her companion to disassociate herself from the situation.
whispered his internal voice knowingly, and then everything shifted perspective and he found he no longer cared about the window. He had been standing with his hands dangling shocked at his sides when Sherlock had begun to move, but now John reacted. He brought his own hands up quickly - to Sherlock's left shoulder and the other to the side of his neck, and he saw and felt his friend gasp in a breath at the shock of his touch.
"Good," said John with disgust, rubbing his head. There was a lump the size of an egg rising behind his ear. He resisted the urge to kick the bloke in the other knee for balance and/or good measure. The man's injured knee was swelling already, John could see it through the material of his jeans. Incapacitated, then, that was enough. "It's just your kneecap that's dislocated, stop making such a fuss," said John. He stood up, carefully, and got out his mobile, scrolling through his contacts till he reached Greg Lestrade. He clicked on 'call' and then he heard Sherlock call out his name from across the car-park. He had appeared at the opposite wall and John could see he was holding someone by one shoulder, frog-marching them ahead of him. Sherlock's captive had a very bloody nose and was staggering a bit. "John! Are you alright?" Sherlock called.
Sherlock didn’t answer, just knelt on the floor and turned the painting around to examine the back. John went and made the tea, grumpily, and returned a few minutes later with two steaming mugs. "Where do you want yours, then?” he asked, hovering.
like this. In truth, he had simply never imagined it. But he suddenly knew he wanted Sherlock with an intensity so fierce it shocked him. He pulled back from Sherlock - to see his friend’s expression again clearly - hoping that he was right about everything and that Sherlock felt the same. He kept his hands where they were on the sides of Sherlock's face and looked at him seriously.
“ ‘Distracted?’ By what?! You were grappling with a known drug dealer and violent gang member. Distracted by what? A score for a midnight sonata?" John was irrationally angry that Sherlock had been injured because he hadn't been paying attention. John had been standing on the kerb with his hand out automatically anyway, just in case a cab went past when he wasn't looking. At that moment, a black cab pulled up alongside them, much to the annoyance of the other drivers behind it who immediately began an enthusiastic chorus of impatient bibbing. "Get in," ordered John.
Gabriella smiled. "Lilac," she said. Sherlock looked at them both suspiciously, like they might be talking in some obscure code or one of the few foreign languages he didn't speak.
All three sat in stunned admiring silence until John smiled and said, "See what I mean?" He knew he sounded proud of Sherlock, he couldn’t help it; he was.
John had been somewhat surprised to see Siger helping so much with the preparation and cooking, and although Lucia instructed him often, he clearly did so not under duress, but very deftly and assuredly. He took his time doing each thing, while Lucia rushed about multi-tasking ten-to-the-dozen.
The interior of the taxi cab on the way home quite quickly became a dark, mobile cavern of lust - or at least, the back seat did - because as soon as Mycroft got into the cab and slid across the leather back seat to sit behind the driver, Greg got in after him and slid confidently across the back seat too to sit right next to him. Greg leaned forward to give the driver his address and as the cab pulled away, they both almost immediately discovered that where Greg had chosen to sit would have a profound effect on the experience of the journey; what with Mycroft’s lower thigh and knee leaning into Greg’s every time they turned right, and Greg’s leaning into Mycroft’s every time they turned left, the frequent light touching of their knees and thighs with the movement of the car became a form of sweet and oft-repeated torture. Mycroft had never before considered the inordinate number of turns a vehicle might make when travelling in London until this evening. Eventually, somewhere along the Chelsea Bridge Road, Mycroft could bear it no longer and brought his hand up to rest seemingly innocently on his left knee - the knee that was next to Greg’s - almost at the point of their contact, and immediately before the next left turn, in a shameless attempt to encourage Greg to take his hand when they did so. And when they
“Thank you,” Mycroft  mumbled, looking disgruntled. It seemed that Siger had been waiting almost in the doorway poised for everyone to sit down before he started bringing through part of the first course - which, Lucia announced as Siger came in bearing a huge covered serving dish - was scallops with a warm spinach and pomegranate salad. As Siger ceremoniously brought it into the room, Lucia added, gesturing to Siger’s serving dish, “Sigs has the scallops and I’ll just grab the spinach and pomegranate salad…” Siger immediately came around the table to dish up John’s plate first, and Lucia went back into the kitchen to get the salad.
"Afternoon!" called John cheerily as they drew near enough to speak without actually shouting. "May we...er, may we have a look at your painting?"
John saw that Sherlock was nodding sagely at that ‘final word’ comment. He remembered him muttering it back at home when he’d been looking at the canvas and realised now that that had been a big clue in him working it all out before they had even left Baker Street. He was looking very pleased with himself. As always. John smiled and took a bite out of his scone.
Greg gripped Mycroft’s hand and with it, he pulled himself up lightly up to stand. Then he let go of it and instead brought his own hand up to Mycroft’s right shoulder, sliding it up to his neck as he leaned in slowly to kiss him. Greg’s other hand came up to rest on the front of Mycroft’s left shoulder, from there sliding down Mycroft’s chest, over his waistcoat, and down to the buttons at the front. He kissed Mycroft as he carefully unbuttoned each one one-handed, and as he opened the garment, he marvelled at the dove grey silk lining that was revealed, the inner material matching the waistcoat’s back panel.
Anyone who follows cricket is likely to be massively impressed with my amazing cricket knowledge in this chapter.
Once the tea things were cleared away (by Siger and Mycroft, John was not allowed to help and Sherlock didn’t offer), Lucia started gathering ingredients and utensils to create her next culinary masterpiece. “Do you like vol au vents, John?” she asked, as she put a last mug in the dishwasher, shut the door and switched it on.
Afterwards, Mycroft took a breath and, preparing for absolute open-hearted honesty, said, “Gregory, that
Mycroft knew he wasn’t wrong about the sentiment that he thought Greg wanted to express, but that the words Greg had chosen were not the ones that had been foremost in his mind. “No,” said Mycroft, “say what you were going to say…say the other word…”
We are on the home stretch with this, honestly! The next chapter is almost completely done and then this little beauty will be an entirely finished fic! (I know, I can't believe it either!)
Mycroft thought suddenly, randomly, as he took his next step into the room, closer to the source of the dimmed light and to Greg on the bed. Greg twisted around and pushed up on his arms to swivel his body and turn to bring his legs over to sit up on the edge of the bed. He’d been looking at his phone as Mycroft had walked in, and now as he sat up, he put it to sleep and tossed it lightly onto the pile of GQ magazines stacked up on the nearest bedside cabinet. “Sorry!” he said, sheepishly, meaning being on the phone. “My sergeant just texted me…”
Little did he know how much he resembled his brother at that moment. Maybe he would have been horrified to realise this.
it, in fact, and in turn, he found his own hands suddenly at the fly of Sherlock’s expensive trousers and this time he opened them himself - but much more carefully than Sherlock was doing his own. He popped the fly button and then drew down the zip, while Sherlock hurriedly flicked open each stud on the fly of John’s Levi’s. They looked up at each other, when they were done, hot and flustered and breathing hard.
Mycroft smiled. “I see…. so what shall I call you, I wonder?” He’d never given anyone a nickname ‘for fun’ in all his adult life.
"Sherlock, please," he corrected. "Just Sherlock." He paused for effect, sipped his tea, and then put his cup down decisively. John almost expected him to crack his knuckles before he began.
The woman shook her head. “Well done on that one,” she said. “There were plenty of us who were very suspicious about that so-called ‘lucky find’!”
John grinned. “Googled ‘who is the best living violinist?’ and his name came up - there were a few others, of course, but he’s the first one to play in the U.K. next and he’s coming to London next, so,
He glimpsed himself in the floor-to-ceiling mirror as he strode past it in the short, dimly-lit entrance foyer. The vast antique mirror took up the entire wall of one side of the small room. It had a black walnut frame which matched the front door, and was itself framed by delicate green leafed plants in tall dark pots. Mycroft did a double-take to throw a quick appraising glance over, but only to be sure he looked presentable. Yes, he thought, pleased with his appearance, he’d been
“…All sounds truly enchanting,” murmured Mycroft gently, pouring out tea into several Cornishware mugs for whoever wanted a cup.
” She practically collapsed with laughter over the teapot and John could almost physically feel the cringing around the table emanating from both of the brothers. Seemingly, Lucia and Siger couldn’t, joining in with great enthusiasm. “Ahh, I’d forgotten that!” said Siger delightedly.
she replied smartly, adding exasperatedly for Siger’s benefit, “Seeing as I’m currently elbow deep in bloody cheese spread and prawns!” Siger chuckled at this, sounding just like Sherlock again, John thought to himself; even that little realisation making him smile inwardly.
John rolled his eyes rather resignedly and didn't answer that. Sherlock didn't really appreciate art as decoration anyway. Skulls, yes; landscape paintings, no.
Years later, several years later, when Sherlock was standing on the roof at St. Barts, the terrible knowledge like a shard of flint in his heart - knowing he had to do this to John,
chided Lucia absentmindedly, coming in from the scullery with a great handful of cut parsley. She went over to the sink to tip away the jug of water the parsley had just been residing in, and set the jug upside down on the draining board to dry. With the other hand, she simultaneously and efficiently started rinsing the huge bunch of parsley under the tap. John watched, impressed with her seamless multi-tasking abilities, while at her side, Mycroft tentatively stirred some more loose Earl Grey tea leaves into the pot and peered dubiously into its depths.
"Because you are very embarrassed by it, therefore it has embarrassing connotations for you, so clearly there is a link to sex, you were with her long enough for her to teach you some techniques and for you to feel confident enough in using them to offer to use them on me, so clearly not a brief…
Sherlock, also somewhat prone to that sort of behaviour, didn't comment on that. He took the mug absentmindedly, but didn’t drink yet. “He’s in his mid-to-late fifties, John," he said seriously. "And yes, well, anyway, that was the last time anyone associated with the gallery heard of him - that was five days ago. You saying the very same words as the gallery owner put me in mind of something else that she’d said, that was all. Anyway. She’s panicking. She needs those four missing paintings to complete the exhibition - she’s already listed them in her brochure - and she would also like to know that nothing untoward has happened to her artist as he’s not answering his phone or emails.” He took a big sip of his tea.
behind the moment that Greg had pressed him against the worktop. “I—I like the way you hold yourself, relaxed but ready for...something,
The bloody internal voice was a smug and irritating wanker. ‘Yep. Just that,’ he thought firmly. And he whisked off the duvet and got up quickly to put an end to this stupid internal conversation. His head swam with a fiery burst of pain and he had to sit down again on his bed for a second.  He felt a bit nauseous and he raised his fingers gingerly to the sore spot on the back of his head. Bloody hell, it was so,
The walk apparently took 35 minutes from start to shed and early on John realised that Sherlock was going to stay moodily silent the whole way. John didn't care. He found he was really enjoying the beautiful scenery and the fresh sea air;  the calling of sea birds and the crisp, bright winter's day were like a balm to his city-worn soul. Early January was usually a bit depressing outdoors, but today it was wonderful. He felt on top of the world.
Lucia had just finished peeling and then chopping her small mountain of parsnips and now she began collecting them all, separating peelings from vegetables into two large Pyrex bowls. “Oh yes!” she exclaimed, as she did it. “Do you remember those bloody great knives Rudy gave you both? I was so annoyed with him, giving those to you and Mycroft!” She stopped what she was doing suddenly as she remembered something. “You were challenging Mycroft to a sword-fight with it - a fight to the death, you were saying - when I came into the room one day, and I jolly well had to take it away from you after that! It was a ridiculous thing to give to a four year old anyway! So irresponsible of him!”
Sherlock was a very good mimic and a natural impressionist, and John knew full well that if Sherlock had wanted to, he could have done a very passable impression of Alex Burson’s voice, and that might have even made it all quite funny - but he
Just then, there was a sharp movement on the table next to them that Greg noticed out of the corner of his eye, and then the man at the table leaned in to the woman he was with and Greg distinctly heard the muttered words, “…just didn’t think we’d be sharing the place with a couple of bloody queers...”
Sherlock lifted his head and stared at him. “John had Scottish grandparents, father,” he said neutrally.
He raised the newspaper again to hide his face from John and get some privacy so he could think about this. He had to examine it.
John had no idea what they involved really, except that they were little circular bits of puff pastry filled with different mouthfuls of various flavoured…
Mycroft wondered helplessly, still rather incredulous. He hadn’t felt what he was feeling now since he was in his first term at university...and that
he thought. Furtive, discrete glances across a crowded room and what had appeared to be a brief, innocuous chat at Baker Street, had somehow turned to anonymous letters, and from that to a very surprising and wonderful dinner and now...a simmering anticipation of what might be to come over a lust-filled cab ride across the darkened city.
Wordlessly, Sherlock offered John another canapé and then put the plate down on the sideboard and went over to chuck another log on the fire. They could hear Agatha coming back down as she passed Lucia on the stairs. “Is Sherlock down there?” she said loudly to Lucia. “I need one of his special G&T’s!”
It’s a fortune-telling fish!" he said, with genuine delight. As a child, the fortune-telling fish had always been his favourite cracker prize. He realised he had let his excitement escape into his voice and he glanced at Sherlock quickly. Sherlock was just looking at him, interested, observing.
When they broke for breath, Sherlock stroked his long fingers slowly and repeatedly through John’s hair at his temple and around his ear in an uncharacteristically affectionate way that left John all at once surprised, touched and amused. On the last stroke, Sherlock ran his fingers on down John’s neck to drop his hand to the bed.  Then he put on one of his most serious voices again and said, “This is leading me onto something that needs your attention, John, another problem that you might be able to help me with…” He cracked and started smiling before he even finished the sentence.
Sherlock hissed a breath in through his teeth with pain, bending his body down and to the left carefully in order to use gravity to help drop the coat from his shoulder. "Caught by a maniac wielding a knife," he replied, more calmly than a sentence containing a combination of words like that demanded to be said.
John took the fish carefully from Agatha. "Let's go round the table, it's a tradition!" he ordered cheerfully, holding the fish by the tip of its tail to let it cool. Siger was busy eating and Sherlock was taking a sip from his glass so John looked across the table. “Mycroft?" he asked hopefully, holding out the fish across from Agatha. Mycroft had nearly finished his first course and had just set his knife and fork down briefly for a moment’s rest, and so as his hands were free he felt he could hardly refuse - especially seeing as it was John who was asking.
But then Sherlock elaborated anyway. “I saw it when they were here for our Christmas drinks party. You were busy being a fantastic host - as always - and you didn’t realise, John, but they were talking together in the kitchen for
He was playing one of his most difficult pieces, staring mindlessly at the latest cold case evidence and crime scene photos that he had pinned up on the only blank wall, getting irritated at the jump from
John walked into the flat that he used to call home, where his chair still lived, where his bedroom lay silent and empty upstairs, and he stopped in the doorway of the sitting room and looked into the room, as if for the first time. Sherlock stood on the landing behind him and watched him, and waited respectfully for John to tell him in his own time.
as she had done Sherlock’s, John thought, watching with amusement. Unfalteringly, she clasped Mycroft’s hand warmly in both of her own and shook it firmly and briskly. John realised this was as close to a hug as they would allow her.
Sherlock let go of the man's shoulder and from his own coat pocket, he drew out a closed Stanley knife to show John. He dropped the knife back into his pocket again, and discretely pulled the lapel edge of his coat open to show John his chest. There was a small dark bloodstain spreading there on the pale blue shirt fabric, just below the middle of Sherlock's left clavicle. John gritted his teeth and folded his mouth. The pain in his head receded with a new rush of adrenaline.
John already knew that Sherlock had planned on bringing his violin this weekend; he had told John that his mother had insisted on it, and so John knew that he had it with him, but when a violin suddenly began playing somewhere upstairs above John's head, he was momentarily surprised and he stopped reading to listen. John didn't have a clue what Sherlock was playing, he still knew very little about classical music, but he knew whether he either liked or didn't like the various pieces of music that Sherlock played. This...well, this was beautiful. Something about the violin not being in the same room as John, but upstairs in the room directly above; with the acoustics of the old house, the echoes and wonderful quality of resonant sound travelling down through the wooden floorboards…It was vintage surround-sound. It was, quite simply, magical to hear.
Within minutes, Mycroft appeared from upstairs, still holding his mobile. Like Sherlock, he had also changed his clothes for the evening, into a crisp white shirt and a deep gold waistcoat, his watch chain gleaming in the soft light of the room. John had thought it was very festive and he said so as Mycroft drew closer. Mycroft seemed rather surprised with the compliment, but thanked him graciously. He had been closely followed down the stairs by Lucia, who went straight back to the kitchen. “Canapés, darling,” she reminded Sherlock as she passed him, and he picked up the plate again dutifully and offered it round without speaking to anyone.
John snorted. As he turned away to go and put the kettle on, he grinned and threw back over his shoulder, “Well, at least if you put that, he’ll know
“Er, yeah! It was great,” said Greg, quickly finishing the dregs of his drink. “Thanks for the tip!” He turned to Mycroft. “So what are you having then?” he asked eagerly.
asked then would be utterly ridiculous, but this was them, and that was Lestrade, so it was a fairly  normal conversation.
Mycroft balled up his tissue and arched backwards to drop it neatly into the woven wastepaper basket that Greg had stowed under the bedside cabinet. “Oh God, no, delicious though it was, I shall be nothing more than a wet dishrag in the morning if I do,” he said, coming back up onto his elbow again, resting his face on his palm to smile softly at Greg.
Greg released him for a moment and sat back on his heels, rubbing briefly at his wet mouth roughly and unselfconsciously with the back of his hand to wipe away the excess moisture there. Mycroft had not stopped watching him and even that indelicate action made him quiver with pleasure. Greg shifted his body, like he might be about to resume what he was doing, and Mycroft reached out his hand. “Wait, I…I need…a moment,” Mycroft gasped, holding Greg firmly by the shoulder to stop him going back for more. “I am…I’m almost undone with this…”
"Oh, so, they're both dead then, the parents?" John said, feeling a pang of solidarity at someone else who knew how it felt to be so completely on your own.
Mycroft felt as if his insides were on a trapeze. “Yes, most definitely…sounds divine…” he said again in a breath and Greg lifted his head to kiss him again.
but Sherlock knew that on the whole he was regarded by the rest of the cretins at Scotland Yard as being just as strange and unpredictable as some of their suspects.
“....How fuckin’ often I’ve thought about doin’ this with you since that party,” Greg murmured quickly, bringing his own hands sliding up Mycroft’s back and into his coppery dark hair to claim him and bring his mouth down to Greg’s again. Mycroft was absolutely electrified; both by Greg’s actions and his use of the profanity. First there had been honesty and flirtation, and now there was honesty, flirtation and
growled John through a wolf-like grin, insinuating himself between Sherlock’s long legs, yanking down his own underwear and jeans as one as he pinned Sherlock against the wall with his lower body.
Mycroft could not answer that - not with Gregory Lestrade undoing his belt in this darkened, moonlit bedroom. He couldn’t think of anything to say but
Mycroft stayed in the study, ostensibly drafting important emails and replying to vaguely desperate missives from various members of his entourage. He had left the study door deliberately ajar so that he could - apparently, according to Sherlock - avoid another accusation from his mother of being unsociable. In the adjoining sitting room, Sherlock balled up newspaper and arranged kindling to make up the fire and then lit it, crouching down next to it to watch it while it took. He picked up and then began idly leafing through one of his mother's hard cover textbooks that lay on the coffee table next to him.
Sherlock just frowned and shook his head slowly in bewilderment. John took a deep breath and rubbed at his face again. "I met Mary when I was...very low...after you…after you
to the dry cleaners. They wanted to check with the police to see if it was stolen and I had mugged someone for it." He had held the ice pack away from the side of his head briefly to speak, because holding it in place over the bruise and cut that was there was impairing his ability to submit John to the full blast of his icy stare. Then he realised that having to admit now how he had avoided bleeding on his coat - that he had actually carried his coat home to avoid this from happening - didn't go quite so well with the icy stare, so looking rather more demure, he re-applied the ice pack, and said defensively, "No, I...I carried it."
He went back out to the sitting room and just stood next to Sherlock, who was now reading about Botulism poisoning on his laptop. John didn’t say anything, just stood there and waited, and after a half a moment, Sherlock stopped what he was doing and looked up. “You like it?” he said cautiously, like he wasn’t sure.
She smiled. “I don’t mind you asking. You’ll won’t place it, people never do - I moved around the U.K. such a lot as a child, I’m a real mix-bag,” she said, still smiling.
Mycroft didn’t need to look at the menu. He’d already decided. “The creme brûlée here is to die for. Really,” he said, with a smile. Gregory perused the dessert menu thoughtfully. He blew out his cheeks and frowned a little. “Well…d’you know, I normally would, but I’m so stuffed after that duck,” he said. “Could I just…‘ave a little taste of yours?” Sharing food in a restaurant was not something Mycroft would ever dream of doing…at least, it was not something he had ever
“A rather long story,” replied Sherlock, smiling back at her and sitting back down in his armchair again. John followed suit. The cushions on the sofa were feather-filled, ancient and very soft. He sank down gratefully. Sherlock very briefly explained that they knew Nicolette the gallery owner, who had asked them to locate her artist and the missing pictures, and how they had done so, but he kept his explanation very short and to the point. Clarissa’s manner seemed to change as she listened, and John noticed a slight hardening of her face and a subtle change in her previously very open body language.
Then the voice of his subconscious softened, because it knew it had to tread carefully; it knew by now what it was treading on.
he thought with a deepening horror. He cleared his throat again somewhat desperately. Sherlock frowned and looked at him carefully and John cringed with embarrassment under the sharp scrutiny of his gaze.
but then, he had woken up this morning feeling odd. Feeling a sense of achievement, like he did when he'd just worked something out that had been on his mind for a while and he was puzzled as to what it was, but then as he laid in bed, he smelt the coffee which had woken him up, and so he reached for his phone on the bedside table and texted John,
Sherlock brought the re-filled pepper grinder to Lucia and went to return the big container to the pantry.
Sherlock and Mycroft came into the room while she was talking - still bickering quietly in the doorway, John noted, despite their lowered voices. Mycroft had entered the room first, and John glanced up at him to throw him a wry
But Sherlock held John just as tightly as John held him, and he said softly in his ear, “No, no, it’s always been all about
Glancing over at Greg’s house, Mycroft was somewhat amused to observe the coincidence that the garden path was tiled in exactly the same black and white chequered pattern as the floor at Constantine’s, though on a very much smaller scale and certainly not the same Italian marble.
And yes, it was with a man, but all John could think was, ‘Well, if it can be this good, then maybe it’s about bloody time I found that out.’
"What ‘ave you got planned for the rest of the day then, M?” Greg asked, seemingly reading his mind as he got up to retrieve the latest round of newly popped up toast.
Agatha slapped her own thigh theatrically in great amusement, making the sherry glass in her other hand wobble. She seemed to be a keen thigh-slapper. “Oh, those naughty rascals!" she exclaimed with pride. She shook a finger at Siger, in a mock telling-off. “You’re too soft with them!”
The creme brûlée tasted the best it had ever tasted. Even better after watching Gregory Lestrade lick some of it from a spoon right in front of him.
and Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and almost actually grimaced. John was amused. He could hear Lucia greeting Agatha in return, and though it may not have been quite on the same level of dramatic announcement, it certainly sounded genuinely warm. "Oh,
John looked at him, pressed up starkly stunning against the white wall, and saw the opportunity for a quick one-liner while Sherlock’s defences were down. “Oh, you’re anything but
Sherlock had sat down, opened the paper and lifted it up - but only as thinking cover - and decided to start at the beginning. What he needed to think about was
Sherlock was busy collecting up stray peppercorns that had escaped ono the table. “Cats,” he murmured to John, without looking up.
John kept his eyes on his carrots, but could not stop the smile from rising to his face. This scene was like a comedy sketch.
He bit his lip a little at the thought, looking Mycroft over, and Mycroft knew he didn’t even realise he was doing it. Very telling. And rather exciting. “What are you thinking?” Mycroft asked suddenly, just to see if he would tell the truth. What would he say? But Greg was unabashed. He smiled easily as he brought his eyes back to Mycroft’s and said, “I was just thinking that you’re the only person I know who wears a watch on a chain.”
“Ok, look, there were a few massive flaws in the story, I’ll give you that,” he answered, still shuffling through the drawer contents, “but next time we watch a thriller can you just keep quiet and let me—” he dropped the papers back in the drawer untidily and stood up. “—Oh, bloody hell, have
“Oh, so things have definitely changed then," said Sherlock, with an ironic grin forming on his lips, his face beautifully flushed.
“I don’t think that is in any way necessary…do you?” replied Sherlock openly, and Clarissa gave a small nod of understanding.
and she pointed at an antique hatstand with numerous coat hooks, which was supporting a selection of battered hats and coats. “…And muddy boots—” here she glanced down at their feet and then corrected herself quickly, “—aah–shoes…
She showed them through the narrow hallway into a cluttered but interesting small sitting room, full of unusual textural items like driftwood sculptures connected together in abstract forms with thick black wire, various small sculptures on busy shelves interspersed with books, and on the walls there were various paintings of seascapes and landscapes. There were lots of photographs too, mainly black and white - some large, some small -  and John glanced at some of them quickly, but not for too long; he didn't want to appear nosy. The smell of something bready baking drifted intriguingly and deliciously through from the kitchen. John sniffed the air discreetly but appreciatively. Sherlock glanced around the room, cataloguing stuff, his face blank.
Sherlock paused for a moment, then he replied seriously - as if he had just been counting - “Mmmm, well, that would be the first…”
She wasn’t in the least surprised. “Oh, thanks, darling,” she said. “Could you fill the pepper grinder for me, please?” Wordlessly, Sherlock did as he was bid. “Mycroft, if you’re not doing anything, please could you make some tea for John?” she said, without looking round at him.
thought John, as Agatha, oblivious, went over to the sink. “So, what are we having for dinner? Is it ok to ask?” he said, unsure of any New Year’s Eve dinner etiquette, but wanting to change the subject, as the cigarette smoking was clearly a sore point. Agatha, completely unaware of Mycroft’s embarrassment and Sherlock’s glee, was now busy filling a pint glass with water from the tap.
The author of his favourite poem about loneliness and longing and unrequited love had given him some advice.
"Great job," said Lestrade, enthusiastically, "Donovan knows the older guy, his name's Terry Winston. He's also wanted for aggravated burglary and A.B.H as well as handling stolen goods...P.C. Patel has the other one and Dimmock just phoned - he's just picked up the last member of the gang getting off a plane at Stanstead. Where are you, anyway? What d'you run off for?"
"I need to see properly, can you take your shirt off?" John asked, matter of factly. "And you need to turn around so your back's to the window - I need to have good light. It’s so bloody dark in here."
Sherlock looked at him sharply. “Why do you want to be reminded of that awful boring woman? She ended the relationship with you, didn't she?”
Sherlock brought the paper up again and turned his mind outward for further proof. He thought about how so often people looked at Sherlock and John, saw their close proximity, saw their body language, saw the way they looked at each other and then assumed that they were a couple. Assumed they were
John and Agatha had almost got through the sitting room doorway by this time, but John still caught Sherlock’s brisk, no-nonsense reply.
"Why are you pretending to be Gabriel Peters?" Sherlock asked, confirming John's steadily growing suspicions.
She gave a start again and tried to smother it. “I…I don’t know what you mean…” she said quickly and, John thought, cautiously, as it was obvious that she did.
The cat - Persephone - came up on her back legs to butt her head repeatedly against John’s knee. John reached down to stroke her again. She wouldn’t leave him alone.
Sherlock looked amused. “If it works, you’ll find out later. If it doesn’t, I’ll tell you. And then I’ll make it work.”
They emerged on one of the busy side streets outside the shopping centre, but every cab that passed was taken.
He could not bring himself to think of John, his friend - suddenly as broken on the pavement beside him as he himself seemed to John. Hearing John saying, “Let me through; he's my friend, he's my friend," his voice cracked and anguished, Sherlock seeing as clear as any solved case the vast extent of John's pain and knowing that some part of John was
"What's a spontaneous pneumothorax?" asked Sherlock vaguely, he knew, but he was thinking about the other thing that John had said.
John just smiled. After a moment of silence filled only with the sounds of vegetable peeling and chopping, Sherlock remarked calmly to the room, “Well, anyway, Mother, I’ve got news for you. I slept with it under my pillow for months when you thought it was safely locked away in the gun cabinet.”
He had suddenly thought back to the decision he had made at Christmas time, when they had finally met to speak again at Sherlock's parents' house, after all those months of silence. By then he had decided that it was his duty to look after and to protect Mary and the baby - the lying murdering wife and the unborn baby that he didn't feel he had bonded with at all, but if it was his duty, then
“Who would know…” replied Sherlock vaguely, turning his back to John. He set down the notebook and picked up a piece of sheet music, studying it briefly before he returned it to the pile of various papers which covered the desk and which he then began to rifle through.
John echoed, pleasantly surprised by the unexpected warmth of the greeting. He had hugged Mr. Holmes back one-armed but with fairly equal warmth, and he now awkwardly handed him the bottle of wine. “This is for you, actually!” he said. He kept hold of the flowers that he had nestled under one arm to give to Mrs. Holmes. As Mr. Holmes examined the label on the bottle, his delighted smile growing on his face, John couldn't help but be somehow struck again by the family resemblance and some of the mannerisms shared by Sherlock and his father. Superficially at least, he thought, they were just so incredibly similar.
just before he opened the door, at which point Sherlock slammed his book shut in disgust. They both distantly heard the creaking as Siger opened the huge oak front door and Sherlock muttered tensely to John, "Wait for it..."
“In fact,” Sherlock continued, “about that…I’m expecting a happy announcement any time now,” and he glanced back down at his phone screen again as if expecting it to arrive there and then.
Sherlock didn't ask what it was. He didn't need to. Of course, he already knew. He smiled and leaned closer, dipping his head. "I already knew," he said, and that would have been a smug comment, but for the fact that Sherlock had his mouth very close to John's left ear when he spoke, and the words as he said them were breathed into it rather than spoken out loud, in such an intimate way that it left John reeling.
a bit pink. "No one tells me what to do, John, or if they try to, I don't notice because I ignore them. But when you tell me what to do...it makes me…want to do it."
Mycroft stopped and drew back slightly, studying his face. “Knew what?” he asked suddenly, all focused sharp attention, like a hovering bird of prey who sees its supper in its sights.
“And what might that treatment be?” asked Sherlock, reaching out to run his index finger across John’s lower lip lightly as he spoke.
Like you’d booked it already. So I just…went to meet you! I...I didn’t book it, I didn’t have anything to do with bookin’ the place!”
Really, he didn't need to speak at all, the depth of longing in his eyes said so much more than that simple word ever could.
"Come on, John, this stickiness is just not pleasant," said Sherlock, and John followed him downstairs to the bathroom.
Just then, Mrs. Holmes came back into the kitchen. In one hand she carried a large pale gold ceramic vase, which now contained John's bunch of red and green chrysanthemums, and in the other hand she bore a plate of home made mince pies and ginger biscuits. She placed them both down delicately side by side on the table. "There," she said. "Tuck in! You must be famished after that awful train journey, John! And what a bit of luck then that you managed to catch that earlier one, after all!” and she smiled and winked at John. If John didn't know her better, he might have been slightly taken aback by that very friendly wink, but as he knew her - and her younger son - well enough by now, he wasn't. He realised  that of course she had caught the brief exchange about the iron-turned-murder-weapon and the suspect's DNA, and seen Sherlock's reaction. More over, she had witnessed John's response to his reaction, and knew exactly what he was thinking about it all. That conspiratorial wink of hers meant that while she knew Sherlock's joyful and enthusiastic response to the confirmation that he had been right about a murder weapon's hiding place wasn't exactly
“I’m really enjoying this. Being out with you.” Greg said suddenly, on impulse, halfway through a conversation about their favourite dishes. “I wish we’d done this before now.” He swiped the last pieces of duck and remaining morsels of crisp potato through the dark sweet jus on his plate, and brought the forkful to his mouth, watching Mycroft carefully as he did it for his reaction to the words.
"Actually, now I remember exactly where it was," he said, suddenly, remembering. "That coastal walk; it was in a place called Burnham...Burnham something. ...Ah, I know! Burnham-on-Crouch. She lived near there - my...er, the girlfriend."
Agatha had been scribbling on a piece of paper drawn out from one of her pockets with a tiny stub of pencil while the holly exchange had been going on, and now she folded the paper quickly and put both it and the pencil back inside her waistcoat. “What’s that?” she asked, taking another big gulp of wine. She was referring to John’s snort of laughter.
Greg stood up and walked towards the balcony. Mycroft watched him as he moved across the room. He was so brown, his naturally Mediterranean skin darker on his back and legs, the tan lines an interesting contrast with his much paler behind. Greg was so totally uninhibited, so at ease in his own skin, that Mycroft was briefly envious of his naked confidence. Greg was by no means an Adonis, but he was solidly built in a pleasant way  -
'It's like being on holiday,' thought John, following Sherlock, feeling like a child again, and remembering long ago stays with Scottish relatives in the Christmas holidays.
he said out loud, as Greg wriggled up out from under him slightly and Mycroft belatedly realised why and then lifted himself up off Greg’s body so that Greg could unscrew the bottle cap. “Of course,” Mycroft whispered, mainly to himself, thinking of Greg’s surprisingly muscular thighs.
Mycroft smiled. “I thought you said cheap scotch…?” he replied loudly, smoothing his coat sleeves down automatically and then unknotting his scarf. Greg laughed from the other room. “Well, there’s a dodgy offy round the corner if you fancy some Famous Grouse?” he suggested cheerfully, and Mycroft heard him opening and shutting cabinet doors. Mycroft slipped his scarf off to loop neatly across the top of his coat and walked towards the kitchen as he answered. “No, no, the Glenfarclas is perfect,” he said. “May I ask which blend?”
Sherlock eyed him seriously. "I do like the attention but no, I'm not getting them on purpose to get your attention, no."
*Markses = colloquial term, short for a famous shop actually called, ‘Marks and Spencers’ - which is a more upmarket high-street shop. It is a British institution. Markses/Marks/Marks and Sparks are all affectionate terms as M&S (which is another name for it!) has been around since 1884…
Absolutely the right thing to happen. All these thoughts and revelations went through his head with the speed and power of a forest fire, until Sherlock, bored with John's slow thoughtful stroking and having to watch him process - for if John's thoughts were a forest fire, Sherlock's were an incendiary bomb - Sherlock slid his hand quickly up John's back and into his hair and pulled John down to meet his mouth. He had waited so long for this he couldn't wait any longer.
she turned to face John momentarily and took a deep breath. A big explanation was coming, he thought.  “I need to explain something,” she started. “I’m not a fraud or a plagiarist, like Leslie.” She sighed.  “Seeing as you have me over a barrel, here…I might as well just tell you—” and here she interrupted herself, saying, “—one sec—” and then she stood up awkwardly and shuffled around her small seat. She sat down again on the other side of it, now facing them both and they stepped back a bit to give her some room - like her audience. John crossed his arms, which Sherlock knew to be one of his listening positions, and waited.
He had stood there on the pavement for a few more minutes, as cold as stone with his shock and his anger, but
But John was unimpressed. "You were attacked and bleeding from a head wound but you were worried about getting blood on your coat."
Greg did something with his own mouth then; not quite a grin, not quite a smirk, not quite a licking of his lips, but coupled with those deep brown, serious and sultry eyes of his it was a masterclass in the art of flirtation via a single, complex facial expression. Greg’s face said, “Oh, I think I
Siger nodded his head towards the huge fridge across the kitchen which was covered in decorative magnets and several recent (or more aged) picture postcards, both from the U.K and from foreign countries. One that really grabbed the attention was a striking beach scene at sunset, emblazoned clearly with the word
Only a month later, it happened again. This time John had been at work, covering a surgery for another doctor who was on holiday, and as he walked through the street front door and closed it behind him, Sherlock immediately called down from inside the flat, "John? Is that you?" He had left the front door of the flat open.
“Ecstatic,” replied Sherlock dully, who was resting his chin on one hand and still looking down at Mycroft’s newspaper as he idly turned the page. Then he sat up suddenly, slamming the hand that had been supporting his chin down on the table with a sudden bang. “Why can’t we have a nice murder over Christmas?” he asked the room in general, beginning to flick the remaining pages over violently in irritation until he got to the last one. “Just the one would be nice…” he added sulkily, as he closed the paper and pushed it grumpily aside.
he thought, staring into Greg’s eyes, feeling his heartbeat increase involuntarily; just a fraction.
she laughed, balling up the tea towel and throwing it at his face. “Out!” she ordered as she threw it, and Sherlock flinched but reached out and caught the tea towel before it could make contact. He grinned at her and set it back on the table, still smirking at his mother - neither of them having taken any offence to the other at all. To John she politely said, “You two go and relax next door, John, Sherlock’s going to light the fire…aren’t you, darling?”
“Not for me, thank you, just with a little water, please,” said Mycroft. Greg put the ice cube tray back undiminished, shut the freezer door as he straightened up and turned to face Mycroft. He hadn't switched on the bright overhead light, and the low-level under-cabinet lighting was soft and pleasant. He looked at Mycroft and Mycroft looked at him.
Well. This chapter. This chapter is also known (affectionately and privately, just to me and my beta) as
a moron for once, for my sake, and just shut up and watch the bloody film?…And next time, don’t tell me five minutes in what you think the twist is gonna be…” he paused, then decided to chuck some fuel on the fire - knowing full well that to say it would definitely get a rise out of Sherlock, so he was smiling when he said loudly, “…And besides, you were wrong about it anyway!”
“—You would say that, what with you constantly making bloody deductions all the way through it,” John said grumpily, continuing his moan while scrabbling about in one of the drawers. He just wanted to check the cost of the slightly extravagant take-away bill from last night for God’s sake, why was nothing ever easy?
“Water?” asked Sherlock randomly, proffering the huge decorative glass jug that happened to have been placed near his elbow. He lifted his eyebrows at John in question while holding the jug.
pause. He tried to stab me in the throat, but I was lucky and I managed to half block the blow so he only got me in the chest."
he exclaimed, giving in to it completely, his hand stilled for a moment, his eyes closed in rapture, and as he utterly gave himself over to the incredible sensation, he heard his lover murmur,
Mycroft was all at once totally horrified and deeply flattered. He was also stunned, floored and paradoxically, rather excited. He’d not seen this coming. Not in a million years. He’d thought there was certainly some chemistry, but…he swallowed. This was…
He stepped away from the bed to create a bit of space to undress and then he pulled up his undone trousers and pants and smoothly knelt down, first onto one knee and then the other, to untie his shoe laces and then one by one, remove his shoes. This was neatly done and easy enough, but socks were always an issue. One could not stand naked and remove the socks last, it was the most unromantic look that he knew. So, instead, he stood elegantly stork-like and managed to do it with some vague degree of grace, watching Gregory sit on the floor on his heels and watch him back, quite blatantly, as Mycroft then proceeded to remove every thread of his clothing. He slipped his trousers off and folded them loosely, going over to hang them delicately over the top of Greg’s wardrobe door, taking a deep breath before he slid his underpants off with his back to Greg, and then he draped those on top of his trousers, knowing that Greg was getting a full unobstructed view of his backside while he did it. “Cor, but you’ve got
"Heaven forbid! One could hardly forget the events of last New Year's Eve!" chimed in Mycroft, placing his fingertips rather delicately to his forehead and closing his eyes theatrically.
replied Greg, awkwardly, picking up on Mycroft’s thought. “She’s…sort of a friend…she was just asking me about…” he paused. Mycroft lifted his eyebrows. “…Asking me about my evenin’!” Greg admitted, making Mycroft smile.
Sherlock put his hand back on the man's shoulder and exerted some firm pressure, and the man grudgingly went down on his knees, closing his good eye, and he hung his head, for all his bravado quite possibly feeling a little worse for wear. Very possibly a little concussed. But John really couldn't care less about his health.
Now Mycroft gave a abrupt snort of laughter. “I can honestly say I have really never considered it as a career option,” he said, tipping his head in bemusement, stroking Greg’s hand with his thumb experimentally, just like Greg had in the taxi.
and she pointed down at the dusty quarry tiles next to the wellies. They came in and made themselves at home.
John laughed. “That’s not all you need,” he said, filthily. “Right, I’m going. Can you tell me what you're doing or is it something I'll find out about later?”
Her viciously pointing finger lost all its power and she drew back, her righteous anger fading but her face contorting with speechless indignant venom.
whispered Mycroft weakly, his heart pounding, all his years of carefully built up defences smashed to the ground. There was nothing left but to give in to this. And he truly didn’t have a single qualm about doing so. This emotional vulnerability was liberating in the extreme.
Greg moved in then, deliberately slowly, planting one polished, chocolate-brown Cheaney boot on either side of Mycroft’s shiny black Oxford brogues. “And I'm not joking around now, I mean it,” he continued. “What else can I do to please you, Mycroft?” His voice was a dark, seductive whisper and Mycroft could barely breathe.
Almost immediately, there was a sound of clattering and rummaging and then Siger called back triumphantly, “Aha! I knew they were in there!”
“God, you’re a sight for sore eyes...” Greg murmured, clearly relishing the spectacle of his lover naked in full daylight.
Sherlock grimaced. "Oh, wouldn't dream of it, Donovan, really," he said smoothly but with evident distaste. "It was just that the chalk dust smeared on the back of your skirt matches the chalk dust smeared on the front of Anderson’s jacket...You must have...bumped up against each other, somehow...and it would appear that you both got rather…warm and…
Greg let go of Mycroft’s hand to open the door and as he pushed it fully open and withdrew the key, he stepped inside and said over his shoulder, “Er, excuse the mess, I...er...didn’t plan on...” It was as if he suddenly remembered what state he’d left it in. “When I asked you back, I just thought...” He stopped in the hallway and gestured to an irregularly-shaped wooden board set high up on the wall, lined with assorted wobbly, handmade metal coat hooks, both large and small. It looked like a flat plank cut from extremely long piece of silvery driftwood. “There’s a—if you wanna take your coat off..or your jacket...” he said, walking on past it straight down the short corridor to where Mycroft could see the kitchen at the end, via the low level lights under the wall cabinets that had been left on. Greg threw out an arm to indicate an open door on the left side of the corridor as he passed it. “The lounge is in there,” he said, stopping to reach briefly round the door frame of the room to switch the light on, and then continuing on to the kitchen. “Make yourself at home! I’ll get us that scotch,” he said as he went.
“Not one word of what you just said makes any sense at all!” he said to Greg, his hand back on Greg’s shoulder, sliding down his side to his waist.
- but, he thought, on another completely different track, he was at the same time marvelling over how often Gregory had managed to surprise him over and over again this evening. He felt taken out of himself, like he had earlier in the restaurant; once again released from having to be the person that he always had to be. It was so exhilarating, this freedom.
wondered Mycroft. A myriad fascinating details was the truth, but perhaps start with the first thing that had caught his attention. “Someone made Sherlock laugh, quite uproariously,” Mycroft replied truthfully. “I was…very surprised to hear it. He doesn't often laugh like—well…I was speaking to John at the time, and he is the only person who I know who can do that, so I turned around to look and see who it was and I saw you standing there. You looked…you looked quite
John sat up, very upright indeed, shoulders back, expression firm, and - erection or not - he fixed Sherlock with a steely dark-blue gaze. He adopted the voice that his non-army friends used to jokingly refer to as his ‘Captain Watson’ voice. “Ok, Sherlock,” he said briskly, “I think it’s high time I had some words with you, in a manner of speaking…and those words are going to be upstairs in my bedroom…” He kept his face completely straight, but allowed the humour to show in his eyes. “…Several words, in fact…quite possibly on, or even in, my bed…” He kept his eyes on Sherlock but tipped his head once to clearly indicate the direction of said bedroom. “…So get yourself up there, sharpish.
John swiftly dropped his hands flat to Sherlock's chest, then gripped his shirt in two fists and without hesitation turned him and walked them both fast backwards towards the crime scene wall. Whether Sherlock knew what John intended or whether he did not, he didn't protest or resist. He let John do it, his arms and hands still sliding loosely down John’s back and staring fixedly down at John with real hunger in his eyes. They moved together like it was one of the pre-arranged dance steps that Sherlock had taught him for his wedding waltz. John had no idea if Sherlock had ever done this before or had it done to him, but by God, he wanted to be the one to do it now.
“Fine,” he responded dismissively. That would have been it, but John saw the elaborated pointing gesture that Siger performed discreetly behind Agatha’s back which prompted Sherlock to ask, “Yourself?”
“Oh, marvellous, another one!" scoffed Sherlock, looking at it disdainfully. "A very small and annoying child could solve those moronic things!”
Immediately, the vision of his Gregory on a rugby field -  muddied up, pumped up, kicking a rugby ball straight up between the top H of the field goal posts - sprang delightfully into his mind and glowed there like a shining dream.
The shower took quite a long time, they were both very noisy again, and by the time they were finished, they had used up all the hot water. John had not experienced so much sexual gratification in one afternoon since he was about 22. It was truly exhilarating. This was the best kind of sex; hot, exciting and intense - with laughter and honesty, and with someone you really cared about and who cared about you. With someone you loved. It was the emotional connection that made it
she asked, a little sharply, in a way which suggested she knew exactly what Sherlock was asking about.
Equally compliant, the British Government set about doing as he was told too, making John feel guilty about being waited on. “No, don’t worry…I’ll do it!” said John, feeling bad as Mycroft went to the kettle.
have something to do this morning, but as that involved a rather boring Skype video call with the Icelandic P.M. and not Gregory Lestrade, he decided he would reschedule it as soon as he could get to his phone without being obvious.
“Oh yeah, I love them!” he replied enthusiastically and then offered, “Lucia, do you need any help with anything?”
The Holmeses had quite a few chopping boards, John had noticed. All beautifully rustic-looking, and each one very individual. They were definitely not from Tesco’s. “Nice chopping boards,” John remarked. “Does someone make them?” He meant someone the family knew, but he didn’t expect the answer.
hidden the iron in the top of the broom cupboard after all." Sherlock briefly made a world-recognised 'fist of triumph' gesture and shook it in the air in front of his chest. "I knew it," he said smugly. "Of course it was him.
Now Greg laughed afresh at Mycroft’s joke. “You’re on!” he yelped, laughing. “I’ll get one made up!”
He used his weight to press their bodies together, finding his face near Sherlock’s long, elegant neck. He licked the tip of his tongue up it slowly, fixing his mouth on the prominent muscle there to run his tongue over it and then bite it briefly, before he slowly came up - almost on his tip-toes - licking and biting his way up quickly to reach Sherlock’s ear. When he got there, he breathed Sherlock’s name into it and Sherlock’s head jerked back in reaction and hit the wall. “John! Oh,
Mycroft nodded briefly. “After being so amenable to such a public display across the table in the restaurant, one should certainly hope so,” he said seriously, but he was trying not to smile.
“Ahh…in that case,” he said quickly, just as Greg was leaning over for the mug, “you’ll find three Marlboro Red in the pocket of my overcoat downstairs…” He sat back and waited.
And John found he needed to start to do it. His gaze fixed on Sherlock’s face and then he moved towards Sherlock suddenly, who stepped towards him and now neither of them looked away.
John held up his nail file to show her just as Agatha said, “I still don't know what the blasted thing is supposed to be!"
Instead of answering, Sherlock turned his head a fraction and shot a glance up from under his eyebrows to look at John, who was still reading, oblivious to the heated discussion going on in Sherlock's head. John's face had a mind of its own as he sat reading, and as he watched John, Sherlock's heart did that odd, single, strong, hard beat again. And then he was more honest with himself than he had ever been in his whole life, and he answered. ’I don't correct them about John and I because I wish it were true,’ he thought. And
He smelt good. He smelt really good. John could feel his heart start to beat faster of its own accord. His mouth was suddenly very dry. John swallowed with difficulty and went closer. "What's your movement like?" he asked, almost thinking aloud, and then he asked Sherlock to first rotate and then flex his neck forwards, and, like before, Sherlock could demonstrate a fairly full range of neck movement. "It just feels very tight," he said.
Greg had managed the waistcoat and he hung the hanger on the inside of the open wardrobe door, turning to glance up out of the window. The sky was black as jeweller’s velvet, hung with sparkling stars, the moon a stage light shining bright down onto the silent back yards and gardens of Greg’s street.
“Oh, here we go," muttered Sherlock, through gritted teeth. Now in the kitchen, there was a second, much louder cry of “Lu-Lu,
Lucia was filling the kettle but she said loudly over the noise, “Don’t be so dramatic, Mykie! No, John, they just didn't get on...”
move along, the artist sighed heavily and to emphasise that the conversation was over, she took up her brush from the easel again, lifting the palette in her other hand, and went back to stippling the sunlight reflected off the water and the mudflats in her painting.
“Well, I mean it. All of it. And I’m glad you like it because I aim to please,” said Greg, still grinning. He altered his stance, crossing his legs at the ankle and resting one hand on the worktop behind him. He sipped his scotch; his deep, dark eyes on Mycroft.
Sherlock snorted and John didn't need to see his face to know that Sherlock had grinned at that with one side of his mouth. "What would I want to go to A&E for and wait for six hours to be seen by a teenager, when I've got you at home who will see me immediately and do a sterling job?" he asked rhetorically.
That explained a lot of things, a lot of the time. Nothing had caught fire, but apparently Sherlock had put something into the microwave and inexplicably cremated it.
This conversation was all very high on the irritation scale. As well as already being really frustrated and pissed off, John could also now feel a tension headache starting up. However, Sherlock was oblivious to John’s irritation with him much of the time. So why should this occasion be any different?
Lucia had been fast with her make up and hair repairs, and had got back downstairs before them. When she heard them talking, coming down the stairs, she came out of the kitchen with her sleeves tidily rolled up, a tea towel draped over one arm, and carrying a plate of delicious smelling hot canapés to offer them. Sherlock refused, but John cheerfully selected a prawn one, and then she handed the plate to Sherlock and pressed it firmly into his hands. Now he was back, she was quite obviously en route to another mission.
So, John found himself looking at Sherlock's back and his spine - instead of blood, and knife wounds - assessing its natural, graceful curve, the flat triangular wings of his shoulder blades, the smooth, toned muscles of his back and the mild protrusions of his vertebrae.  This was different because when he'd seen Sherlock undressed before, it had been a coincidence then that he'd seen Sherlock's unclothed body - this was him asking permission to look and Sherlock giving it. And to look properly, not just snatch a fleeting, embarrassed glance; to look as a professional, as a concerned friend. And then John realised suddenly, as he stood there looking,  that there was more - that this was different as well because he could also
” she exclaimed, as if exhausted. “Damned chair! Won’t let me escape! Could you give me a hand up, John?” She held out a hand for rescue.
Greg leaned back against the balcony railing and frowned, looking at Mycroft. “Bookin’?” he said, clearly puzzled. “I didn’t book it.
“Or you could just get it yourself?” suggested John, but he wasn't angry, just bemused. He paused. “Actually, you can unpack everything,” he said, “I just need to pop out again.”
he said icily, and he popped the ’t’ of ‘won’t’ in the same way that he popped the ’p’ of ‘nope’. Then he turned and glided smoothly out of the kitchen, silky dressing gown billowing dramatically. He didn't slam any doors but it was just as dramatic an exit.
like is standing right in front of me...” Mycroft sipped his own scotch slowly, using the glass to cover his mouth after he had spoken words he could hardly believe he was able to say. As he lowered the glass again, he licked his lips discretely, feeling the sweet burn of the whisky pass down his throat. He didn’t even realise he was doing it until it was done, but he had mirrored Greg’s stance in a postural echo, leaning back slightly against the worktop and crossing his legs at the ankle.
John smiled. "Good," he said. He knew it was. He knew that he was good at it.  The sports masseur girlfriend used to say that he had very 'good hands'. Apparently some people just did. So he concentrated on doing a really good job, changing the position and direction of his pressure and working on the various muscle groups between Sherlock's shoulder blades and then at the base of his neck, being careful to avoid too much superficial friction on Sherlock’s skin so it wouldn't get uncomfortable.
that I had found someone else to take your place, to be you instead of you. Instead of the life we had—” The word
Sherlock went and sat delicately down on his own chair and didn’t lean forward too much and just waited. He looked at John, who couldn't look at him yet, and Sherlock saw John's face struggle and work.
Greg was clearly in the kitchen - still whistling and occasionally breaking into humming - and singing repeated snatches of some popular music tune. Mycroft leaned up on one elbow to listen, thinking that the song sounded vaguely familiar. He couldn’t quite place it though, popular music being one of his very few weak points. Suddenly the whistling grew much louder as Greg began padding down the hallway towards the foot of the stairs, and then Mycroft heard the creaking stair sounds of him coming up. Then the whistling stopped abruptly  between the third and fourth stair, at a point where Greg was obviously considering that his guest might not be awake yet. As Greg approached the bedroom, Mycroft found himself hoping desperately that he looked at least halfway presentable, and he swiped his hair back quickly to flatten it down and then, staying up on one elbow, he arranged himself neatly - turning his body to be able to look naturally and expectantly at the open doorway, ready for when Greg walked in.
"Put pressure on it," he had ordered the hands that were pulling him, and then he had lost consciousness again.
They lost track of time for a while until Greg broke away again, needing to breathe, and - as if they hadn't stopped speaking for that marathon several-minute snog - took up the reins of the conversation and said in a rush, “Or you could just take them off?”
“Good!” Greg said, with great and evident pleasure. Then he paused, thoughtfully rolling the cigarette between his thumb and fingers, clearly considering something. When he spoke again, his tone was changed somewhat. “Ahh, listen…about last night…” he started seriously, holding the cigarette still. He turned round a bit more on the bed so he could almost fully face Mycroft, and he looked at him carefully. “I don’t…
“I see. But…if you don’t actively dislike being called ‘Gregory’, then may I call you that?” Mycroft seemed unusually unsure of himself.
Sometimes Greg Lestrade knew what he really wanted and he just went for it. Now was one of these times. He took a deep breath. “So, what’s a nice guy like you doin’ in a place like this?” he asked with a warm smile, and Mycroft’s awkwardness vanished in a splutter of laughter. “This is the only two star restaurant I frequent,” he answered when he’d stopped laughing. “How did you—” but the bartender was back.
involuntarily quoting Lewis Carroll once again. This time though, the words were utterly right; wholly appropriate, and so before John could speak, or even make a sound, Sherlock bridged the gap between them, lowered his head and kissed John quickly - short and sweet and hot on his wonderfully expressive mouth.
been in the middle of a deeply private conversation before Sherlock burst in. If so, then, John wondered, who could it have been with to make him look so flushed. He didn’t think he’d ever seen that expression on Mycroft’s face before. Maybe he’d been texting someone.
John snorted. The next drawer was stuck and wouldn’t open, and he jiggled it about to try and shift the contents. Immediately he got it open, he saw why it was stuck. It was stuffed to the gunnels with more bills, newspaper cuttings and general household paperwork. “Oh, for God’s s—” he muttered at the drawer, then raised his voice to call back through to Sherlock, “Well, can’t you maybe just
do you know?" he persisted, feeling that Sherlock didn't just mean he knew by the physical evidence in and on the book itself that he had just so accurately described.
he drawled back, in exactly the same tone of voice. John snorted at the pair of them. He caught Sherlock’s eye and grinned back at him.
Eventually they reached the quay again and Gabriella lead them to a narrow little dead-end road, which was off the main footpath alongside it. The road was called Silver Street and her house turned out to be the very last one. It was a white weather-boarded fisherman's cottage, with wisteria growing up and over a tall black metal arch which was positioned over the front gate. The wisteria wasn't in flower, or even in leaf, but John knew what it was. His grandparents had had one growing up the south side of their house, and the main trunk had been as thick as the seven-year-old-John's thigh. He knew a wisteria when he saw one.
“Sounds divine,” said Mycroft, amused by Gregory’s need to state his plans aloud. Greg liked hearing the amusement in Mycroft’s voice and his smile turned into a grin. “And then, after that,” he promised, “I’m gonna take you back to somewhere where you were last night…”
Mycroft, you’re gorgeous,” he whispered, looking down at Mycroft’s smooth stomach, his lower abdomen, the top of his underwear, and - where he could see it - the shape of his erection visible through his burgundy jersey trunks. Greg ran one thumb experimentally up and down over the edge of the waistband and the skin of Mycroft’s lower stomach, while Mycroft just waited, taut with nervous tension and desperate to see what Greg would do next. But Greg had noticed the discreet brand logo on the elastic of Mycroft’s underwear. Not to mention the feel of very expensive real silk. “Crikey, I think your pants might cost more than my whole
He snatched up the phone and when he opened the message, his eyes widened momentarily before he said “Ha!” out loud with delight. “At last!” he crowed, grinning. “Looks like The Iceman has finally melted,” he said, holding out his phone to John so John could see the screen.
“Like….'I’m glad’, or ‘You’re welcome’ or ‘My pleasure.’ Something nice though, don’t be sarcastic.”
I love the 1987 British film ‘Maurice’ with an absolute passion. It’s one of my favourite films (and favourite books!) On tumblr I yak on about it endlessly. 😜
…?’ John thought, surprised at her use of that particular word. It was a funny word for her to use in that way. They used it in the army as slang for food.
he repeated blankly, when he’d recovered, still a little wide-eyed. John felt the axis of the world shifting under his feet. It was a good thing he was sitting down or he would have had to lean against something.
for dinner,” he corrected, feeling a dropping, slow-dawning horror in his stomach that there was something
A little while later, John was again in the sitting room with Sherlock and this time Agatha too, apparently relaxing, having been shooed out of the kitchen again by Lucia so she and Siger could have space to work. Sherlock was tearing strips of newspaper, screwing them up and and feeding them to the fire. Agatha was unusually quiet as she was listening to the cricket highlights in Australia via headphones attached to her phone. Every so often she would let out a snort or quiet curse at the score. John was just about to ask Sherlock something about the case they had been working on just before Christmas, when Lucia came into the room, ruffling her hair one-handed in a way which (strangely) also reminded John of Sherlock.
“Sounds like my kind of Christmas,” he said cheerfully from John’s side, making John splutter with unexpected laughter. John looked at him, still laughing, to see Sherlock smirking back.
Mycroft was most amused. He managed to chew and swallow the toast without laughing out loud. “Are you comparing me to Dame Judi? I’m not sure if I like that.”
In spite of Sherlock’s seriousness, John almost laughed. He knew Sherlock could read him like a book but it seemed he still just wanted to hear John say it aloud. He looked Sherlock in the eye and smiled. He wasn't afraid. “I am so sure, Sherlock,” he said, “And I am going to wake up tomorrow and still be sure.” Sherlock started to smile his slow smile and then inspiration hit John and he added, “A long time ago you said, ‘Could be dangerous,’ and here I am…I’m still here…And I’m staying.” He was pleased with this and he let it show in his voice and on his face. He knew Sherlock would like it, but he hadn't realised how much.
smoke?” asked Greg, the revelation making him abandon the mug and rock back against the headboard to look at Mycroft in surprise.
growled Greg comically, greatly amused but also extremely turned on by Mycroft’s expert manhandling skills. “D’you think there’s an opportunity for some job-sharin’ here...?”
“Oh God, yes," John whispered breathlessly, "Yes, I do," and then, without hesitation, he slid his hand up from Sherlock's neck into his curls and brought him down hard to his mouth.
Mycroft drifted awake without the use of an alarm, as he often did on a Sunday, but this time he also woke to very loud birdsong outside and a slightly muffled combination of human whistling, humming and occasional snatches of song too, from somewhere indoors. As he fully regained his senses, he realised it was coming from downstairs.
Mrs. Hudson had told him once that she had gone into his flat quite soon after Sherlock's funeral when John was drunk and asleep, and had seen his gun left out on the desk and she had taken it. It wasn’t until two months later that she had come clean about it and admitted what she had done, and John had said he hadn't even missed it, didn’t remember getting it out on the table, almost literally had feigned innocence and said, 'What gun?’ - but that wasn't true. None of that was true. He had thought about its presence often, had known exactly who had taken it, and why, and one evening he had really,
But Agatha was struggling. The armchair was deep and she pushed up to rise but then flopped straight back down into it again. She was also looking a bit flushed. “
“Wow!” John said, turning it around to admire it further. It was lovely. It had an interesting irregular wobbly shape from the shape of the tree trunk it was cut from, and now he felt it was even more interesting, given its dramatic history. “I made the loo seat in the downstairs loo from that tree as well!” Siger added proudly.
Greg shrugged and smiled at the same time. “Go right ahead!” he said, somewhat bemused by the asking of permission. But Mycroft was more than happy with that answer. “I shall call you Gregory then,” he said. “And I’m quite happy here, for the moment, if you are?”
For the second time that evening, Mycroft couldn't think of a clever answer or a single thing to say. Greg could see Mycroft not knowing what to say and he found it both endearing and, quite frankly, hot as fuck. ‘Fancy bein’ able to render Mycroft Holmes speechless!’ he thought, delighted. And then, smack bang behind that, the filthy part of his mind piped up.
“—I don’t ‘ave to do anythin’ I don’t wanna do,” he said. “And nor do you. But right now there’s somethin’ I’d
At that moment, Sherlock leaned backwards subtly behind her line of sight, looking at John and meaning to catch John's eye with his movement. He succeeded and they exchanged a significant look. Sherlock was making sure John had seen and acknowledged the similarity of style.
But besides, Mycroft could hardly stay angry when confronted by the charms of a nearly naked Gregory Lestrade, even if he was currently intent on extolling his gratitude for Sherlock’s match-making skills.
When Sherlock was nearly finished speaking, Gabriella re-entered the room carrying a huge tray laden with a large plate of scones, china side plates and cups, and the huge red teapot, which she brought over to the coffee table. “Slightly out of season, Clary darling, but these are very welcome!" remarked Gabriella cheerfully, as she set the tray down. She handed them out the mis-matched side plates from the pile.
There was a lot of drinking going on, John noticed. He wasn’t a judgemental person in the least, but previous history with Harry’s drinking habits over the years had made him hyper-aware of who was drinking what and how much in situations like these, where there was a lot of alcohol present. It was kind of ingrained in him to notice. The Holmeses however, were not like Harry. They were cheerful, and he liked them a lot. There was none of the angst and anxiety here in their house that he had always associated with Harry’s drinking and Agatha was simply a force of nature, he’d decided - with or without the alcohol. She was great.
‘Did the man ever stop flirting?’ thought Mycroft, delighted. He thought he might be grinning again, but even knowing that, he didn't feel inclined to stop. This was
“Everyone’s here!” replied Lucia happily. “Sherlock and Mycroft arrived yesterday and their friend John arrived just after lunch today.”
he thought, and put his glass down on the worktop, leaning back against it with both palms hooked over the edge. He gripped it slightly with both hands. “What I
… John just wanted to press him up against the shower tiles and lick him into submission. So he did.
“She’s been upstairs on our bed again, Siggy!” announced Lucia with a firm look in his direction, and then turned back to John. “Jilly next-door adopted her from the Cat Rescue, but she didn’t get on with her two, so we’ve taken her in,” she said, by way of explanation. She got up from the table to make more tea.
“What was the general premise?” asked Sherlock, bringing his empty hands back to rest innocently on the table.
John had to stop everything and listen. He could not have carried on reading if his life had depended on it. He closed the book, his finger marking his page, and listened. When the piece of music finally ended and the last note had faded, it seemed to John like the silence suddenly rushed in to fill the space the music had created. Then the ceiling creaked softly directly overhead as Sherlock moved away from where he was standing in the room above, and John wanted to call up to him, ‘Play something else!’ but he didn't like to shout out like that in someone else's house. Then John heard Sherlock talking quietly to his mother, who was also upstairs, though he couldn't hear what was said. A moment later, Sherlock came down the wooden stairs, which were old oak and creaked comfortingly with every step. He stood in the sitting room doorway and said to John, "Mother said to tell you your room's ready if you want to unpack." The violin and bow still dangled elegantly from his hands. John obediently laid his book down on the chair, and went and retrieved his small overnight bag from the hallway, where he'd left it when he first arrived. Sherlock leaned against the doorjamb in the sitting room doorway, picking out discordant notes and waited for him to go and get it, and then he lead the way upstairs to show John to the room that would be his.
The “Apollo” that Greg refers to is a theatre in Hammersmith, London (it’s actually called The Hammersmith Apollo Theatre, but is known as The Apollo) and they do indeed do a real stand-up night called “Live at the Apollo” which is televised on BBC 2 over here late on Friday nights. It’s absolutely great. I wish Greg would take
Sherlock’s body. The exertion earlier of running after the business man had raised his body temperature and so now John could smell him. John breathed in deeply and inhaled the soft, familiar scent of the man he lived with; woody, somehow, musky, very….
‘Oh. Well. Ok, then!’ thought John, pulling a surprised face to match his thought, and slightly puzzled at the turn of events. Sherlock seemed to have something on his mind all of a sudden. But what was new about that? So he just said cheerfully, “Ooh, yeah, tea, lovely,” put the sketch back carefully where it had been, and followed Sherlock back downstairs again.
John actually laughed a little at that. “ I definitely think you got the better deal,” he said, grinning at his friend.
Siger, undaunted, sat down at the table with the huge bunch of freshly-washed parsley, the elegant silver herb chopper and a gigantic rustic wooden chopping board and set to work. “I spent some time in Scotland, up in the Highlands when I was a young man - long before I met Lucia!” He paused in his chopping to smile at John. Sherlock made some snoring noises and laid his forehead straight down onto the table. Now John actually kicked him discreetly. He knew the showing off was all just for his benefit so he ignored it too. “Shhh, Sherlock!” he said quietly, and to Siger he said encouragingly, “Go on!”
They grinned at each other and drank their respective drinks for a moment in an easy companionable silence, until Mycroft could no longer ignore a certain
Things had been very bad between John and Mary since Sherlock's plane turned around in the sky and came back to touch down again on the runway. When Sherlock had got off the plane and stepped back down onto the tarmac, John remembered then, as he came striding back towards them, that Mary had let go of his hand. Perhaps she had known then that she couldn't possibly compete, and that was when the clock had really started ticking.
(N.B.: The book is also called ‘Maurice’, like the film and it was written by E. M. Forster. We (in the U.K.) pronounce Maurice like "Morris", just so you know! :)
Despite his self-flagellation about all the teenage gasping, Mycroft nearly stopped breathing altogether at that.
This both confirmed John's suspicions about the likely "hilarity" and "great fun"-ness of the Great Aunt, but it also served to utterly amaze him - the Holmes brothers actually in agreement about something. Incredible. Unheard of.
“It’s no trouble, John,” said Mycroft calmly, filling the kettle at the sink. “It’s been at least an hour - some of us desperately need more tea, I can assure you.”
changed," he confirmed calmly, and as he was never one to shy away from decisive action, he decided and took charge of the newly-changed things by walking Sherlock backwards to the waiting sofa. Sherlock went willingly, a seductive smirk on his face, knowing exactly what John was thinking, and as his calves touched the sofa, he sat down and then slid sideways down onto it, bringing John down with him by clutching at his shoulder and his back, and so they fell onto it together in a clumsy heap. John gave another soft half-laugh at the awkwardness of managing it - in much the same way that he had laughed only the day before at the awkwardness of crouching together uncomfortably, hidden behind a skip, waiting for a suspect to leave a house they were watching. They had been close together then, squashed into a tiny space in the darkness, their bodies pressed together but with a completely different focus on their minds then as to what was on their minds now. Or maybe not, as it turned out…
flirtation. He was warming up to those two particular facets of Gregory Lestrade’s personality nicely. “As am I, with you,” he said sincerely in reply. “And I agree. I wish we’d done it sooner too.”
"Quite." Sherlock agreed, after a long pause. "That's what it's called actually, 'Excellent Birds'. Now the point is, John, the artist who painted this has disappeared. He was due to exhibit at a tiny gallery near to the Tate Modern - a one-off display for January and February of some contemporary mature artists who have found fame later in life, and he has already supplied several paintings for his exhibition...however, he was due to supply four more but he has now inexplicably vanished. 'Into thin air', it has been said. Which as any idiot knows is impossible."
“Let me put some more of my mince pies in,” said Siger, stuffing his phone back in his pocket and moving to do so. He meant about putting them back in the oven for a minute to warm up.
“Erm…I’ve actually got you something else, too,” he added. “Kind of a joint present, really. We’re going to see Itzhak Perlman play when he comes to London in June. I got us tickets last night.”
Captain John Watson, of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, a veteran of three years in Afghanistan, of Kandahar, Helmand and of Bart’s bloody hospital, stood in the doorway and snorted at this, but he didn’t move. Then he lifted his own chin in defiance and stood up straighter. “Why?” he said roughly, frowning with the smile still on his face, and crossed his arms again, though the mood this time he did it was distinctly different.  “What ya gonna do if I don’t?” he asked in a gruff confrontational voice. He knew how much Sherlock loved this sort of stuff.
…although not as huge as it had been yesterday, he considered. He’d been lucky it wasn't much worse. Eventually he felt ok to try again, carefully, and so he stood up slowly and crossed the room. When he opened his bedroom door, he smelt coffee. He put on his dressing gown and went downstairs barefoot, hoping there would be some left.
It was like that playground game where you dared your friend to say the worst word they knew, but this was an adult version, and John was certainly experiencing a very adult response.
more than friends or colleagues. Sometimes they didn't say anything about that assumption, sometimes they did. Whether they did or whether they didn't, Sherlock never corrected them.
Sherlock widened his eyes to give a clue to what John's answer should be, "this scene brings to mind that wonderful poem about the mudflats at dawn…Oh, dear me, what was it called, John, you know, that poem you like? By that chap ...'Peters' something?… ‘The glow of waking sun on mud, the January dawn...the tide creeps in to take its bed while seabirds call forlorn…'
Mycroft paused, stony-faced. His mouth opened, but before he could speak, Sherlock interjected. “Or a cake?” he offered, thoughtfully, from the background.
Sherlock looked at him but didn't ask what for. He just frowned. “You’ve only just got back,” he said.
Siger paused in his chopping for a millisecond before John (who could have killed Sherlock for making Siger feel uncomfortable on his behalf for absolutely no good reason) glanced at Sherlock and said quickly, “Yeah, I do, I
The Holmes men had a knack of dressing and undressing that appeared as if they had been taught to do it as an elegant coordination of definite movements, rather than just as a necessary daily action. Mycroft drew his suit jacket off slowly as Greg stood still, holding Mycroft’s empty glass, and simply watched him. He made no pretence that he wasn’t enjoying every moment as Mycroft manoeuvred his long, lean body gracefully out of the garment, sliding it down off first one arm and then the other, and only when he’d completely removed it and draped the jacket over one forearm to brush the creases out, did Greg put the empty glass down, hold his hand out for the jacket and say, “Yours should go on a hanger. I’ll hang it up for yer.” It was clear that Mycroft’s jacket was without a doubt a little more upmarket than Marks and Sparks’s finest Autograph range, as Greg’s was.
He had thought he knew precisely how he would react to, in, and from certain situations, and he knew how he ticked. But recent events had proved this not quite to be the case, and now he needed to think about why.
Greg smiled. “And how do you like it? I’ve got normal semi-skimmed, but my sister’s just been down, so I’m fully stocked with a few different kinds of non-diary milk an’ all, if you want any o’that?” he explained.
mended, after all, to a degree, but with a repair that had moulded someone else into their lives. It was no longer
as he always used to think, and his height had never been a problem for him. Sherlock's height wasn't a problem for him now. The fact that Sherlock was a man wasn't exactly a ‘problem’ either, it was just what made this so very different, but as he had realised just moments ago; even if his brain still cared about that, his body didn't. His heart didn't. It knew and had always known what his brain had resisted. His feelings for Sherlock were nothing new to his heart. In the moment of revelation, when he finally saw that shining and golden fact, John took his mouth away from Sherlock's and he gasped, his hands stilled on Sherlock's body. "I think I know something new about myself now that I didn't know this morning," he said hesitantly, incredulously.
It would have been funny if it wasn’t so hot, Mycroft thought, his mouth busy, his hands full. Gregory’s thighs were tanned, hairy and extremely muscular...it was delightfully surprising. Mycroft dug his neat nails into them lightly and raked down and Greg moaned in his throat again. “Ohhh
,' thought John, one-handed shoving Sherlock’s pants and trousers down lower over his lean hips before slamming his body into Sherlock, pressing him tight against the wall, his hand suddenly working on Sherlock as much as Sherlock was working on him. It was almost as if they were masturbating together but had lost track of whose hand was on whose cock. And John had been absolutely startlingly spot on about the noise. Who would have thought Sherlock Holmes would be such a vocal lover? John had known that
Mycroft turned a little to face him, holding his mug in both hands again, enjoying its warmth. He smiled. “Only when one must. Most of the time I try not to, but I actually stole those from Sherlock yesterday morning. Had to see him about…um…something…and he was being particularly obnoxious.” He sipped some more of his tea.
Now Sherlock turned round slightly more towards John and John absolutely did not glance down at his bare chest and stomach. He kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's face. And Sherlock was looking at him. "Were you with her long?" he asked casually.
used it from Sherlock, that he didn't know what to do with this. They lay there, breathing rhythmically together under John's duvet, in John's bed, and didn't speak or move or look at each other. John closed his eyes and took a very deep breath, and he found that the warmth and the presence of Sherlock in his bed was strangely comforting. He realised he felt very…grounded, suddenly. Brought back down to Earth by the welcome weight and pressure of his friend's body beside him. It was like being anchored. He began to relax. So much so, that he only realised he'd dozed off when he opened his eyes again and found Sherlock gone and that he was alone.
The force of it sent a jolt of desire straight to John's stomach. Sherlock kept his hold on John's arm, but he began to rise to stand up. John loosened his own hold on Sherlock's shoulders and let go of him, dropping his hands to his sides while Sherlock turned elegantly as he rose to face John, still looking at him, smoothly shoving the chair that stood between them to one side, out of the way, with his leg and with his other hand; sliding his right hand up over John's rolled up shirt sleeve, and up to grip his upper arm. Now Sherlock stood in front of John, face to face. He had kept his hold on John's arm throughout the whole movement of getting up, and he had also held John's gaze just as firmly. He moved his right hand further up to John's shoulder, then up to the collar of his shirt and his fingers made contact with John's neck, while John stood rooted to the spot, his scalp tingling, his heart pounding, neurons firing off in all directions, and he was thinking wildly, ‘Oh my God Sherlock, really?
too.’ John jerked his head back from Sherlock's shoulder, out of his friend's hand, so he could look at Sherlock's face. He needed to see his face at that moment to know for sure.
Sherlock was recalcitrant about the crackers. “Oh, whoopee, more miniature plastic nail clippers and another magic ring puzzle," said Sherlock acidly, without moving. “Can’t wait to find out what I get this time…”
Sherlock fixed his gaze on John and narrowed his eyes, canting his head away whilst keeping his eyes still. The effect was very disconcerting.
Like a weight had been lifted. And he had something that he had just realised, and he had to say it now.
like his Baker Street bedroom in that it wasn’t exactly neat - Sherlock had slept in this room last night after all, so the bed was unmade (nothing new there, thought John) - but the main difference was that the walls were covered with pictures. There were various photographs, paintings and prints; some in frames and some not. There was an small, unframed print of Escher’s ‘Waterfall’ - which was one of his that John quite liked too, funnily enough - and there were quite a few seascapes, including a lino-cut black and white depiction of a three-masted sailing ship in rough seas and with a bright crescent moon overhead, and a glowingly beautiful, ornately framed print of The Fighting Temeraire, by J. M. Turner, the colours of the setting sun in the painting vibrantly bright against the wall.
‘First things first,’ thought John and he filled the kettle and switched it on, chose two cups from the cupboard and set them out. "Come on then, let's have a look," he called through to Sherlock, thinking that while the kettle boiled he'd make a preliminary assessment. He went through from the kitchen to the sitting room, where Sherlock had dumped his coat on the back of John’s armchair and was standing in the middle of the room, rolling his neck awkwardly. "Stop doing that… right; shirt off, come into the light," instructed John. Sherlock immediately started to undo his shirt and folded back the collar of it to drop it down, draping it over his left shoulder and exposing the shoulder and the base of his neck.
Greg bubbled up with laughter at that, just as Mycroft had planned, and he caught hold of Greg while he was off-guard and laughing, and in an perfectly executed manoeuvre which resembled a dance step, guided him backwards, turning him quickly as he did so in a very tightly controlled way to spin him around and press Greg’s lovely behind further along the worktop, against the wide white edge of the vintage butler’s sink. Now their positions were switched and Mycroft was in the driving seat; much in the position that Greg had been a moment ago, standing with his feet on either side of Greg’s. “My turn to show
Then he gasped jaggedly as Greg suddenly pushed himself up a bit higher on the bed with his toes and moved across over Mycroft more, altering the position of his pelvis to press fully against him and finally his lovely cock swept and slid against Mycroft’s, full length.
His eyes might be shut, but Sherlock was well aware of John’s intense and burning gaze remaining fixed on his face, and he opened his eyes to look at John but otherwise didn't move. Now he watched John solemnly in return. "What?" he said after a moment. There was not another soul in the whole carriage. Nor was there very likely to be for the rest of this journey back to London. John put the book down very carefully and decisively on the empty seat next to him and took a deep breath, looking down at it. Then he put the bag of scones down neatly next to it. He straightened the book up on the seat with his thumb, gathering his courage, before he tore his eyes from it and looked at Sherlock.
Some hard-hearted cynics might say of this chapter, “On a balcony? In February? In London? Nude and then almost nude? I don’t think so.”
Just then, Lucia came in in oven gloves, bearing a pile of hot side plates ready for their first course. John was looking up at her as she entered the room, and he saw that she had immediately spotted the sprig of holly that Sherlock had transferred over to her empty wine glass. She caught John’s eye and smiled at him. When she’d gone around the table and deposited all the side plates onto each placemat with a warning about how hot they were and to be careful, she lifted her glass and tipped the holly sprig out on to the top of the table decoration of clementines, without a word about how it got in there. Then she tucked the stem of it in neatly between the clementines, so it sat perkily upright near the centre. She winked at John almost over Sherlock’s head as she did it.
Having completed his own helping duty by that time, Mycroft hung the damp tea towel neatly over the rail on the Aga to dry and took the opportunity to disappear wordlessly from the room.
Sherlock smiled. "She said, 'It was odd really.' And then left it there, so of course I asked her, 'Odd? Why?', to which she replied that Gabriel Peters had used the exact same phrase as his sister. She said that they had both said, 'Final word', and then both had finished the conversation there -
A month later, they were actually out on a case together but had been separated when their two suspects had split up halfway through a chase. John had yelled an instruction to Sherlock as he shot off after one of the suspects and so Sherlock went after the other one. It was like living in a 'Carry-On' film sometimes, thought John, panting with exertion and really pushing to keep up as he tailed his suspect closely through the lower floor of an underground car park, while Sherlock chased his suspect on the floor above.
between us, Sherlock. Everything did...all of it…” He brought his clean hand up to Sherlock's face and stroked his thumb across Sherlock's cheekbone to his ear. He came up again on his toes a little to kiss Sherlock and as he did so, he felt the warm squelch between them on their stomachs. He made a little noise of distaste. “Aah…shower?” he asked, knowing from Sherlock's momentary grimace just then how he felt about it too. John kissed him again briefly on the fading grimace and felt Sherlock's mouth curl into a smile under his kiss.
Now he felt really faint and he actually had to shove his chair backwards and move his cup out of the way, so that he could cross his forearms on the table and put his head down onto them. 'I'm definitely concussed,' he thought. "Sherlock, I think I might go back to bed for a bit. I think I need to lie down," he said with his head down on the table.
that’s an old copy,” she said, as he held it out to her. “Oh, of course, it would be my absolute pleasure!” she added warmly, taking it, and she went off with it to locate a pen. While she was gone, Clarissa re-appeared at the kitchen doorway, looking at her watch.
"Er, yes, lovely, thanks, Mr. Holmes," replied John after just the smallest of pauses, dropping his overnight bag against the wall in the hallway.
desperately, in a raw beseeching plea, and he had felt the cold tears, felt the cold air, and embraced them both. He whispered "Goodbye, John," again and he jumped into the abyss.
Then he had had to pause his contemplation about it, what with Lestrade phoning up just then about the nearly naked body of a young man with hardly a mark on it just being found up an oak tree in one of the smaller London parks that bounded a very residential area, and them having to go over there to look at it, and listen to that imbecile Anderson braying to all those present that he
Sherlock shifted slightly underneath John and this time, John suddenly found himself actually lying on his best friend, pinning him down with his body, pressing his weight against him in a way that he had never experienced before in all their escapades. Not to mention the addition of passionate snogging into the scenario, which was also new…and the whole thing was simply fucking
Lucia had just started scooping up John’s peelings as he spoke. She stopped and looked at Sherlock. “It's what people do, darling - they eat!” she said to him, and to Agatha - who was gradually downing her glass of water, while still standing at the sink, “Agatha, could you be a dear and put the kettle on?”
he thought. “Just M, now, is it?” he called casually after Greg, “No I-5 or I-6?” He took a neat bite of the toast.
Mycroft was now sitting up fully, holding his mug cupped in both hands.  He stroked its smooth surface thoughtfully back and forth with for a moment with his thumbs. “I—I don’t want to
“Cornea?” echoed John, comprehension dawning horribly as Sherlock crossed the room. “Wait, those eyes that you had in the fridge yesterday, you mean you’ve put them in the—”
s and all. Lucia came back to the table with the re-filled pot of tea. “You are silly!” she said fondly, as she put the teapot down and nudged his shoulder with her elbow. Sherlock made a discreet vomiting noise and Mycroft snatched up the paper and hid his face with it, much to John’s amusement.
N.B.: A&E stands for the "Accident and Emergency" department at a hospital. It's the equivalent of the American ER ("Emergency Room").
"A punctured lung which suddenly collapses," John continued. "It can happen from a needle injury that pierces the lung tissue, much less from a bloody Stanley knife. We're going. Come on." Sherlock was obviously convinced enough by that as he stopped arguing. As they left the carpark via the dank stairwell and re-entered the bright and normal world of the shopping centre, John said, "We'll get a cab. Put some pressure on it."
at least - that he recognised what it was, and was gratified when Greg put his mug back down only half-drunk and confessed.
He said Sherlock was ‘amazing' and 'extraordinary' and 'brilliant' and Sherlock basked in his praise like a cat in the sun after a long winter. And Sherlock felt…
- well, however many he had left - if you two chaps hadn’t caught on!” She was clearly full of approval over an issue that was so close to her heart. Leslie B-G (as John had mentally shortened it to) had fraudulently pocketed nearly a quarter of a million dollars in a private American auction by imitating an early painting in the style of a less well-known Italian artist. He had passed it off as a ‘re-discovered’ lost piece of work, discovered when he was living in Venice and working in a museum there, renovating the old artworks.
Sherlock went pink. And coughed a bit. Actually saying it to each other was still an extremely new and rare event. “Ah. That’s…er…quite a bit, then,” replied Sherlock with a slowly broadening grin. John could see how pleased he was about everything. “That’s good,” he said, then, studying John and the scarf,  “I knew it would really suit you. It does. It really brings out the colour of your eyes.”
John made a short, high pitched wavering noise in his throat, much like one a small rodent might make when trapped in a corner by an as-yet-undecided cat; a cat whose tail had just started to flick back and forth while it made up its mind. Sherlock would know instantly if John was lying. “Ummm-ah, yeah. Yeah, I did...I did. Yeah.”
He leaned in till their thighs just about touched, resting his left hand on the worktop behind Mycroft as he did so to take his weight - for now, at least - and he lifted his chin to reach.
Having been thoroughly excluded from the conversation, John looked around to just enjoy the view. Then a thought struck him. How had she got here, to this remote point with all her equipment? There was no car - and absolutely nowhere to park one anyway, the spot where they stood was completely inaccessible to vehicles - it was footpath only. They hadn't passed any empty cars parked anywhere obvious on the way. Unless she had parked in the town centre…but that would mean a long walk carrying all this equipment, he mused. There was no other way to get here, she
“You’re not!” he interrupted firmly, holding his phone, now looking quite sternly at Mycroft. “I asked you to stay, didn’t I? I’d much rather be ‘ere snuggled up with you this morning than running around in the damp an’ cold, gettin’ cheerfully beaten up while I freeze my bloody nuts off!”
The academy cafeteria was popular for serving real peanut butter, and something called Nutella, at breakfast. Just the names alone told Spock that it was best to avoid them. Instead, a vegetarian meal among nature.
Standing there at the door of the hospital bed, going over the chart and X-rays with the attending doctor, he knew. He just knew.
Unfortunately 8 year olds don't seem to remember anything after a long sleep. He knew he was forgetting something, but didn't remember until six weeks later when the crew was having family dinner and Jayne mentioned retreating to the cargo bay for a workout. Kai, forgetting to wait his turn to speak, interrupted Mal's dismissal of Jayne from the dinner table, blurted out he really liked Uncle Jayne had fallen in love with his Aunt River. If that didn't stop all conversation at the table and Jayne in his tracks with half of a dinner rolls sticking out of his mouth, Kai asking when he'd get a baby cousin sure was enough to send the captain and doctor into choking fits and a wide-eyed Jayne running for cover. Mal had already tried to space him once and the doc was a might handy with a scalpel.
Gale spoke up, “You need to choose, Katniss. Me,” pointing to himself, ‘or him.” Waving a hand between the two, gray eyes pleading with her.
“Good God, man! I’m tryin’ to keep you alive.” Leonard smacked his hand away, “I’m your doctor, those will kill you and I don’t have a hypospray to pull out of thin air.”
Forcing himself to relax, he sets the knife down, “Because you know how hard headed I am,” he responds calmly.
Then came the female scientist, and his perfect match driving off with her, because apparently he loves her.
Dinner should be interesting, he thinks, wondering where everything is going to go in the long  run.
Instantly he knows who this man is. This is one of the barristers that deal in criminal law, and not low level either but highly sought after and costly legal assistance.
“Did you honestly think I would just ignore it?” His best friend questions softly, hand still lightly petting the other blonde.
I took his hands in mine and placed them on either side of my belly as I spoke with determination, “Though it may not seem like much, this womb is carrying your child. Doctor Aaron estimated six months before I left Miami.”
No. Not just a memory, their daughter. A beautiful child with both of their bloods in her. She would ask her mum to make sure that she carried it, that their daughter lived no matter what the cost to her, she would pay it, and pay it willingly.
Katniss still hadn’t said anything as she side-stepped the small group and climbed the steps to her house, leaving the door open as she took her kill into the kitchen to be cleaned and cooked.
Forcing himself to return his hand to where it was, he watches as the taller man gently cups it between both of his hands. Colors explode before his eyes, the world changes from tones of silver and gray to vibrant and bright, shadowy and dull, but all so much more than the grays he has spent his life seeing in. Startled, he studies the tall man, assigning colors, or what he thinks are the names of colors, to what he sees before him. Dark gray-blue eyes, creamy skin with freckles of pink scattered across his face, and dark brown hair with auburn highlights.
kind of soulmates - platonic. How could this man, who felt little for even his own brother, be the other half of his being?
In a low, emotionally charged voice she spoke, “Stop it. Stop trying to make me choose.” Lifting her head, she looked them both in eye for a long second before continuing, “I can’t live without either of you,” she took a shaky breath, “and now with Prim gone, I won’t.” Her voice nearly broke as she spoke her sister’s name. It was still hard to speak about, much less think about.
Moana of Motunui felt the pull of the ocean from the time she was a baby, listening to the stories her grandmother would tell the other little ones. Her dream was to sail past the reef at least once in her short life. The ocean chose her as a toddler, waiting until she matured enough to understand the meaning behind the stone now in her possession and the curse on their island thanks to Maui's actions plunging the surrounding world into darkness. Grandma told her a secret: from the day she was born, she was destined to track down the marooned Maui and force him to restore the heart of Tawhiti.
“Thank you,” she replies before slipping out of the door and returning to the hotel she had arranged just to be safe.
“The link, the bond, you knew, you didn’t say but you knew.” The older man replies, striding closer.
Their relationship is not going to be easy, but they will figure things out as they go, hard not to with a resourceful sentinel and genius guide.
Lying on the ground, tied in a sack, watching a portion of his crew, his family, spinning on a fire pit Thorin had a moment to take in the sight of the hobbit. He was standing up attempting to distract the trolls from eating them right away. He’d seen the glimpse of Gandalf in the shadows as well. Bilbo had an idea that would most likely have worked if his imbecile cousins had kept their mouths shut. Seriously? Parasites?
Pale dawn light filters through the colorful and vibrant trees of the park she is walking in. The air is naturally calm, a light misting fog settling over everything, not because she is making it that way, but because there is only the softest of breezes to move the air. It is surprisingly warm for late fall, allowing her to wear only a light jacket outside and making the air hazy.
There was that hint of smile again, “Si, Cuban. Then you turned and for a brief second I was so happy when I was your belly so full of life. Carlo said you were too small for the child to be mine. That you had been gone too long and would try to pin another man’s baby on me like what happened to him.” His voice sounded like he was beating himself up about it, “And I, of course, listened to him.”
“Jinx is, but she is very good to me, smarter than your average cat,” he doesn’t mention that his spirit animal often rides in his cat, making her even smarter.
“Thank you,” she replies, nearly in tears again, but smiling anyways. Today had been about letting go of a dream, at the same time it had been accepting a new one.
As angry as I was at Carlo now, I understood why Javier would believe him first. Carlo was his older brother and their father was dead.
“We’ll finish it alright, it’s your choice if we do it here or somewhere more comfortable.” His sentinel tells him, “Personally I say your bed, but its really up to you.”
At the wedding the photographer tried to killed John’s previous commander, James Sholto and he had managed to talk the older man into letting him save him on the condition he solved the crime so that’s what he did.
So how is it the girl, no, woman he had a crush on for years end up being his best friend? One closer than any other friendship in his life.
“Perfect,” the satisfaction nearly pours off the older man as he stands, offering him a hand up and a naughty and affectionate look filling his gaze.
With her flowy dress and soft footsteps, Jaune didn't realize River had joined him until her face appeared above him as he finished another set of reps, nearly dropping the weight bar. He would have dropped it in shock if he hadn't already had it near it's resting place. He sat up quickly, wiping his face with a rag, drenched in sweat. Not noticing she had crawled up over the bar, behind him until he felt her arms encircle his broad chest and her face bury in between his shoulder blades.
“Well then, I’ll be in touch, a pleasure to meet you Mr. Lewinsky,” the barrister announces, offering him a hand to shake before standing and leaving.
The first time they touch, skin on skin contact is during the situation where Sarah dies and they end up revealing the corruption. It’s brief but oh does it have an effect on him. A tinge of recognition shoots through his body, setting his nerves ablaze.
They quickly leave the boffins domain, heading outside to the waiting car. As they climb in the younger man is happy that it has been cleaned and does not smell of the doctor’s perfume.
he replies absently, his hands coming up to clutch at the front of James’s shirt. This has to be a dream, he has finally lost himself inside a swoon from pushing too hard to try and forget.
“Jayne, you’re strangely quiet over there. What’re your thoughts on the matter?” Mal didn’t really expect his merc to have a real answer.
As his eyes sweep over the younger man, he gives a small shake of his head. He can see it, now that he is looking, in the similar hair and features that are a combination of his and Antonio.
A small smile made an appearance before disappearing just as quickly, “No one was sure he was Carlo’s, except now he looks just like abuelo, because all we had was the word of this girl who dropped off her baby and ran.”
Quietly, the two of them make their way to the house, the plump woman opening the door for her, and holding it while she steps in. Inside the house, her hostess pours her a cup of sideritis and asks her to wait while she fetches the letter from where she has been storing it. When she gets back, her hostess offers it to her with a sad smile but says nothing.
Though they may have gotten off to a rocky start, the connection between these two: a demi-god and a wayfinder princess, was always meant to be. Their friendship was as strong as any soulmates and would endure the test of time. Moana believed that the ocean saved Maui, and chose her, for a reason. The ocean brought him to the gods because it saw someone worthy of being saved.
“Please, I have something for you, he entrusted it in my care,” the woman states, motioning to one of the other houses.
He stilled in shock still holding the medal out until those green eyes looked up at him innocently. Thankfully Michelle was still in tears behind him and hadn’t heard the beep, though she wouldn’t notice until months later that it was no longer ticking. The boy, Eggsy, wouldn’t know what it meant, but his wrist beeped once as well. Hastening along his spiel about the medal, the veteran agent would leave the family in relative peace for the next seventeen years.
The words he’d heard the dwarf king express about his character were heartbreaking, but not heartbreaking enough to keep him from defending the man once he was struck down by the white orc. Azog had the determination to kill Thorin, but something in the cave had sparked a new sense of bravery within the hobbit. He lept to the dwarf’s defense with his tony sword and swung in defense. This awoke the others as their soon attacked as well. With Thorin out of the fight, they would need a miracle.
Nodding, he took off in the direction of clicking heels as they rounded a corner. Katey hadn’t lived in Havana long before she was forced to leave so there were only a few places she thought she would go - places they had spent time in secret together.
“Damn it Rory, how could you let me walk away with her when it was you that I kept connecting with?” there is something he doesn’t dare put a name to in the sentinel’s voice.
Forcing himself to move away from the bed, he heads into the hall. Glancing at the guards, he frowns absently. Both are betas. The fact there are so many betas is definitely to his favor. This is not a situation he wants to involve others in.
The night before the Company left for Erebor from Lake Town was the big feast thrown by the Master in honor of Thorin’s bid to take back the Lonely Mountain. Everyone was looking forward to the riches that would come from within the mountain. After many of the celebrants had fallen asleep, Thorin and Bilbo slipped away from the party. They had argued again to throw off mounting suspicion fearing Bofur, Balin, and Dwalin suspected something was going on.
“No, I should be with my guide, you are my guide. I never realized exactly how important that was until I tried connecting with her, she’s a low level empath and guide herself, but it felt wrong on too many levels. We parted ways,” the blonde explains, seeming to answer his thoughts again.
Across the ship, Jayne sat with his soulmate. If he had to be purple, he was glad it was with his crazy girl.
Bilbo would almost wish he had been dead when he came upon the creature named Gollum. The precious ring within his sight might have made a good courting present to the king at first, if pull of the ring hadn’t been so strong. Strong enough that he could never let anyone know of it’s existence, much less let the creature know he’d lost the gold ring with beautiful script along the edges. Quick thinking helped him escape Gollum and the cave before he was eaten like the fish he’d seen the creature beating when he first woke up behind the rocks.
Like with John, he immediately felt that the major was supposed to be his, but nothing appeared when he touched his hand.
So he had gone with the major to the hospital, not stopping to talk to John because wasn’t he already lost to him? He was married after all. While he waited for the older man to wake up, he got lost in his thoughts.
Instead, as they were getting ready to take him to the hospital he touched both John and James, and got the shock of his life. His hands burned. Both of them. When he looked down, at them he could only stare in shock, there was a band on the ring fingers of both hands. One was deep blue, the color of John’s eyes when he is passionate about something. The other was a smokey gray, the color of James eyes when he stared at John. There was only four triads in British history, fifteen in Eastern Europe, and ninety-four in the world. Well recorded triads, not every culture tracked their soulmate population or their triads, nor were the records of every culture available since some had been destroyed.
While wandering campus, Spock would occasionally hear the beautiful notes of what his mother informed him were those of his soulmate. You would be drawn continually the moment you hear the perfect pitch. One that matched yours in perfect harmony. Some may come very close, but only one person would be it. Forever.
He doesn’t respond, keeping his focus on his project and continuing to work. James left, quit, walked out. He needs to make these tools for those who are still around, agents he can actually help, even though most won’t come near him anymore. He really needs to get his empathy back under control and stop projecting his anger.
When they reach his home, the older man parks, getting out and moving to open his door, they head inside after he undoes the security. As soon as they are inside the door and it is shut, the sentinel turns on him, pushing him against the door and kissing him soundly.
“Soulmates.” That’s it. One word. Gathering a couple rolls, he pushed back his chair and left the dining area.
His eyes widen as he catches Antonio’s scent, strong and fresh in the room, so very familiar it feels like a piece of him has finally come home.
Before John has a chance to answer, he replies, “He’s our soulmate, apparently the three of us are the fifth British triad in recorded history, John and Mary separated just hours after the wedding and he came back to us.”
Wiping her face, she decides that she will try and find out about his birth pack, find his family so that their daughter could know her other relatives.
Glancing way, the doctor swallows hard before looking back at him steadily and answering, “After the marks appeared she admitted that the baby was David’s and she was only marrying me because I would be able to protect the child from people trying to harm her.” He shrugs, continuing, “I asked Mycroft to push an annulment through. He did so with surprisingly little fuss. So here I am, with my two favorite people in the world, one I thought I lost years ago, and the other I almost lost today.”
He blinks in shock. Did the man who was just threatening him ask him on a date to dinner? Several long moments pass in silence before he finally replies, “Only if you stop trying to intimidate me and actually bother to introduce yourself.”
“Fees have already been dealt with,” Gareth replies smoothly, “If you’d like to come with me, we can discuss your case. From the evidence gathered, I believe I be able to get you off with nothing more than fines for using a gun. They might require you retire from the force.”
In his mind he can feel the link, and understands that is already forming, though incomplete. Will the finish it or will James wish to keep it as is?
That miracle came in the form of the eagles. Gandalf had called for their assistance. The drop site at Carrock was as far as they could be taken. The rest of the journey was up to them. Both hobbit and dwarf knew that this near miss was the kick they both needed to make their feelings known to the other, hoping they would each choose the correct option. Two unlikely souls from different paths in life, through much misunderstanding and struggle for power… their future would be set if they could achieve this journey and restore the kingdom of Erebor. The dwarf king would be happy with his hobbit consort.
Though Thorin hadn’t noticed right away, he began softly singing to the tune of Ori’s lute, a song of days past that would remind them of a home they lost to a fire-breather. Gandalf standing off to the side of the room, more in the hallway due to his size, could see into both Bilbo’s bedroom and the main room. The hobbit was awake and listening. A chat was in order.
“Why are you here Jacob?” he inquires as he moves closer to the taller man. Actually taking the time to study the thief as more than just a target to arrest. Dark chocolate eyes watch him, full of amusement, curiosity, and just a touch of hope. The exposed rich cream skin at his neck where Jacob’s shirt is open makes him want to press his lips against the hollow of the thief’s throat and shows the beginning of his muscular chest.
Her return to her home was not nearly as smooth as she would have liked. Her father was horrified over the concept that she was an un-bonded pregnant wolf. The chances of it were so very slim and it happened so very rarely. Her mum had gotten between them, golden eyes glaring at her mate as she snarled before taking her aside and reassuring her that she would do anything she had to in order to make sure the child survived.
Sleep was hard for her that night. She was too hyped up after attending her elder sister's formal public bonding to Aidan. She had been shocked when he took their family's last name, at least until his father and her teacher had explained the cobra custom behind it. The only reason they held a formal public bonding was so all branches of the family could attended and Aidan requested it under tradition. He is surprisingly traditional at times, though he is a cobra, and one thing she has learned is cobras are traditional so she's not sure why it’s surprising.
The company of dwarves quickly found themselves in the presence of The Great Goblin of the Misty Mountains. Surrounded by thousands of goblins, stripped of their weapons and possessions. The only silver lining to this situation was that the hobbit wasn’t among the group. He’d disappeared. Hopefully not dead.
Gasping, she wakes up, sitting up in her bed, and using her mind to fill the empty glass on her night stand with water. She was looking forward to the day when she will meet her bondmate as a shifter would call him, and soul mate as a human would call him.
She never opened her eyes or lifted her head from Jayne's broad chest, still holding his hand under her chin as they swayed. There was nothing Mal or Simon could do as their women dragged them away by their collars and Zoe slid the door shut with a rare smile in place.
As luck would have it, growing up on planet Vulcan made exposure to any kind of edible tree nut or peanut (they are two different allergies) minimal. Then Sarek, Ambassador to Earth, moved him and his mother, Lady Amanda, to San Francisco for a short period where he began attending Starfleet Academy. He chose to become a science officer over pursuing a political career like his father.
Haymitch finally pulled the two apart before shouting at them in frustration, “Stop fighting, you two. She’s right here.” He pointed behind the boys.
For eight months no one noticed their late night meetings until one night Kai, now almost 8, was up sitting in his father's seat watching the stars when he heard a noise coming from down the stairs. With Wash's curiosity and Zoe's cautiousness, he crept down the hallway below only to see what looked like his Uncle Jayne carrying an unconscious Aunt River. Uncle Jayne didn't leave the passenger dorm for a long time, well long for an 8 year old, only ten minutes. He snuck back along the crew bunks and into his mother's before the much larger man could find him spying. Kai vowed to ask his mom if something was going on between the two and why he didn't know his favorite aunt and uncle were together.
Maxim, the latin version of his name, he thinks as he studies the paper. Why did Antonio do that? His son’s first name is familiar too, though he is having a hard time figuring out why right off. Wait, it’s Scottish, he had a neighbor with that name. So Antonio gave their son a Scottish first name, the latin version of his name as a middle name, and Antonio’s last name. Why? It doesn’t make sense? Antonio combined their names, why?
During his shower that night, he finds the beginning of a circle surrounding a star on the skin across his side, below his left arm. He meet his soulmate, he thinks, but doesn’t understand the meaning behind the marks. It would be years before it would finish forming, the image of his shield and the red star that would eventually grace his best friend and soulmate’s artificial arm.
“Why Jacob?” he asks one more time as he closes the distance between them, so they are toe to toe and because the way the thief is standing, eye to eye.
As soon as the taller man reaches for his hand, he automatically jerks backwards, perhaps instinctively knowing his life is about to change forever.
What is he going to do? His original plan to use the injured boy as bait is not going to work. There is no way the alpha side of his nature would allow him to use his son that way, even if he only just learned of him when he stepped into the room. How is he going to deal with this? It’s not like he can use Ruan like that, or even arrest Jacob at this point because his instincts are screaming he needs answers. He doesn’t get those answers if he arrests him.
Confused, he asks, “What about Mary?” They were married with a child on the way, no way would John abandon that baby.
Two weeks past without anyone connecting her words to a set pattern. When she didn’t show up to dinner, they took the opportunity to discuss their thoughts.
“Remarkable,” the posh git murmurs, releasing his hand and straightening as he asks, “Would you like to go to dinner with me?”
It was quiet and dark except for the light coming from the direction of the kitchen. Buttercup, laying on the windowsill, hissed at them as they entered before jumping out the window and into the later afternoon. They walked slowly through the house until they joined the other two in the kitchen.
Now the general consensus is that Vulcan’s don’t have a soulmate because, for generations, they have refused to believe in such an illogical way to choose one’s life-mate.
He smiles, “Good, now follow me,” straightening, he brushes against the taller man as they leave the front entry and head to his bedroom.
Being half human always had its downfalls in Spock’s mind. While he had a Vulcan’s biology for the most part, he had unfortunately inherited his mother’s allergy to nuts, all kinds.
“I’ll be fine,” he manages to gasp between spasms, “Just need my inhaler.” His hands pat his shirt, trying to find and grab it.
As a baby, Maui was rejected by his parents, made a demi-god by the gods who took him in. He was presented with a matau, a giant fish hook, representing strength and a great respect for the sea, becoming one of the greatest wayfarers that ever lived. He was known as Maui, shapeshifter, demi-god of the wind and sea, hero of men giving humans fire, islands, coconuts...anything they'd ever want just so they would love him. For a thousand years on that island, he felt he was missing something. A connection. His other half.
“Yeah, no, I don’t know,” he responds as he glances at the prone body once more. “I don’t think this is going to work. Not with all the visible cops around.”
She slows as a form begins to solidify and appear, emerging from the fog. Brilliant topaz brown eyes are the first thing she notices followed by the fact he seems to have a gentle smile. His olive complexion reminds her of warm amber, his features have a curve to them, softness she is not used to seeing in men. Despite its unfamiliarity, he is still a good looking man.
But… when the adrenaline died down, and he knew Doctor McCoy had performed field surgery adequately, he heard it. Faint at first. He heard McCoy’s voice next… and the moment those beautiful notes reappeared was literal music to his pointy ears.
He spends several more minutes sitting there, reflecting on his life and what has happened over the last few days.
Instead, she keeps walking, waiting and anticipating whatever is to come. There is a very small chance of it being a threat, and if it is, her teacher has taught her several effective and dangerous ways to protect herself using the talents she has.
When they finally break apart he stares at the older man, not sure what to say or how this happened. Why is James here? What happened with the doctor? Shouldn’t he be there?
River, on the other hand, he rarely spoke to in front of the rest of the crew. They would sit in silence in the cargo bay, he working out and she dancing to some invisible tune. If he stopped and stared, they were none the wiser, believing him to be giving her a look that said she was still crazy. Since they were no longer violent towards each other, and hadn't been for sometime, Mal decided they no longer needed constant supervision during this time.
Only, Antonio doesn’t care, never has. Or did he? Is that why the boy he’s staring at with the type of soft curls he’d have if he didn’t keep his hair short and back, has a Scottish name and his name for a middle name? Is that why the scent filling this room makes his instincts rise to the surface, wanting to protect this boy and find his father.
She is sure he says his name, but she doesn’t catch it, too busy staring at the one who’s supposed to be hers.
Turning back to him, the sentinel reaches out, hand brushing his face before trailing slowly downwards, “Will you complete the bond with me Rory? Be the Guide to my Sentinel?”
A low chuckle escapes the taller man as he inclines his head politely, “Very well, I shall try,” offering a hand, the posh git states, “Mycroft Holmes, pleasure to meet you Doctor Watson.”
No, Jacob. Antonio, the handsome and unique omega he still remembers fondly, is Jacob Sternwood, the man who shot out his knee three years prior after a rather adrenaline filled chase and fight. How’s it even possible that the last omega he slept with, could be the same person as the thief he’s been hunting? It seems almost impossible.
When I could speak again, I repeated myself, “What’s wrong?” I looked up at his chocolate eyes, searching for the truth, for him to take the lead. “What were you and Yolanda arguing about?”
Tilting his head backwards, he rests it against the door as the agent nuzzles down the side of his face and neck to the slope of his shoulder.
He smiles, opening his empathy up completely, allowing and encouraging the link. His own hands come up to tug the blonde’s shirt up over his head, revealing a rather toned body with a variety of scars decorating his skin. Automatically his mind fills in what each is. Those marks that are from missions and those that are not. Leaning forward, his lips lightly brush the sentinel’s skin, tracing from mark to mark, encouraging the link between both body and mind.
The moment their skin touched, they each felt something, but both too proud to make it obvious. They held their masks well. The simplicity of Thorin stalking past the small hobbit was all it took for Bilbo to feel the spark emitted from the dwarf king. Gandalf had his suspicions something was amiss when Thorin, though usually taciturn, immediately began digging into the hobbit, their host. This would not bode well for their mission and hope of obtaining his services as a burglar of sorts. The tension between the two was felt throughout the smial, the wide-eyed company chose to keep their opinions to themselves.
Flashing a smile, the tall man introduces himself as, “Gareth Jones, from the Jones & Clearwater, LLP.”
As he pins the not-Jacob to the wall, his senses catch Jacob’s scent passing by, quietly, quickly, without fanfare. If he hadn’t been searching for that particular combination of omega and beta-blocker scent that blends so well together, he never would have caught it because it is so light. Despite that, he ignores it as he terrifies the beta in front of him, making sure the patsy’s scent is the dominate one in the area. That way if an alpha from one of the other units shows up, well they’re definitely not going to catch the scent.
When Mal found the small group, gun still drawn, River spoke her first words to the crew in months, "You will not harm the girl's soulmate. She loves him and he loves her."
When he is within touching range, he offers his hand, accepting hers and bowing over it to kiss it politely.
“So you don’t love Yolanda?” I took a minute to revel in the sound of his laughter and he smiled when he spoke, “That’s all you took from that?”
It didn't happen again until a week later, Jayne started to feel as if he had hallucinated River coming to him. Just as he was giving up the notion, she came to him as she had before, crawling onto the workout bend and wrapping her limbs around him like an octopus from Earth that was.
Doctor McCoy had come back to the small shelter with a very small variety of possibly edible vegetation. Generally when the Vulcan was of sound mind and body, he would have been paying closer attention to the offerings. It wasn’t until he attempted to reach for a pile farthest away, did the doctor panic on him.
Dread fills her, something is wrong and this letter explains it. Her instincts tell her it is not something she should read around others.
I remembered when Javier first told me that story, but I could feel there was more he needed to get out so I stayed quiet. “Last night when I saw you out there dancing, so free, so… so…”
They met as children, both living in poverty, both determined, both full of spunk. Bucky had hauled him out of a fight, well, more like the slightly bigger boy had hauled the boy he was fighting up and away before nearly knocking his opponent out.
“Mr. Lewinsky, I’ll alert you to the dates you need to arrive at court.” Gareth announces, drawing his attention.
As his eyes snap open, he takes in one more look at the injured omega before turning away to talk to Sarah. Since they know where Ruan was staying, he will head there. After all, he might run into Jacob and maybe get the answers he is needing. Something, anything, everything.
Is this why he was shot in the knee rather than the head? Is this why Jacob looked at him as if they knew each other? Is this why his instincts fought against him when they fought three years prior?
I swatted his chest again for good measure as the silence resettled around us, this time comfortably.
The discussion with Michelle Unwin went about as well as could be expected when delivering news to a new widow who had no clue about her husband’s career choice. The young boy he’d noticed early was sitting in the middle of the living room floor playing with a snow globe. Harry had been too focused on his duties that he had taken no notice of his timer… until the very second he knelt down in front of the boy and it beeped.
It was almost dawn when Javier found Katey on the abandoned beach in a tattered tent near Hotel Oceana. He fully expected anger when he confronted her, but after all of this time Javier should have known she would defy his expectations.
Warmth runs through her body, a tingling sensation making her glance at her wrist as a small dot appears and slowly starts to morph into something more.
“She is indeed, a very handsome and beautiful girl,” the young man replies with a playful smile, “Go lay on the divan Jinx.”
How would you feel if you had a countdown on your wrist that told you exactly when you would meet your soulmate? Would the time be short or long? Would you get nervous when the time was near or excited?
Again his hand hovers over the young man’s foot. This boy is just a few months older than he was when he first met Antonio. Jacob. Damn it. Which is the real name?
I could feel he had jumped when I started to laugh, tears still in my eyes. I twisted myself and sat up on my knees in hopes of being taller than him, gaining some higher ground. I must’ve looked like an insane woman, still laughing as I threw my hands in the air and repeated his ridiculous question, “What’s wrong? What’s wrong?” I knew my voice was steadily raising, but he had such a guilty look on his face, I don’t think I could have ever stayed mad at him. I loved him too much.
“I’m happy you approve,” he murmurs, half sarcastic, half not before turning to the large cat on his bed and stating, “Jinx there is no attacking James,” before leaning in to pick him up and hug him.“This is that cat I wanted to protect.”
That conversation that repeated throughout my head for the rest of the rebellion, even after. Katniss knew she would have to come to a decision someday
“I haven’t the faintest clue what you are talking about,” he answers, still maintaining his cool tone.
his sentinel mentally gasps as his tongue laps at the spider-web hole from where he was shot by Moneypenny.
The blond assumed Sherlock had felt the same based on the sudden hesitation shown by the taller man.
Her first sense that something big is about to happen comes from the instinct to look around, to search for the presence that she can feel deep within her empathy.
Often the child in his dreams would be holding the hand of a petite woman at least a foot shorter than him, same pale, smooth skin and long, dark curls cascading down her back. Always facing away from him, never seeing her. There was something familiar about her, as if a force connected them. Shepherd Book once told him that love would come at an unexpected time - always when least realizing it. Weeks passed, but the dream would never reveal who the mystery woman was.
Anger makes him lock his legs and force the other man to come to him, he refuses to be intimidated, despite the taller man’s best try. He holds his arm out, bent at the elbow, hand down so that he can show his hand as the other man had demanded.
Jayne used his foot to open her door, placing the sleeping woman on her thankfully still unmade bed and tucking her in. One he tucked River in, he smoothed her hair as it created a halo around her head on the pillow. He knew he had to get himself out of her room before anyone found him there and accused him of any wrongdoing. Kissing her dark curls, the merc pulled himself from her bedside, having to pry her small hands from his sweat stained t-shirt, he closed her door and made his way to his own bunk. Suddenly he felt exhausted, like she had drawn the anxiety right out of him just from holding him close for a few short minutes until she fell asleep. He fell into his bunk halfway through the sleep cycle, sleeping better than he had in years.
Harry hadn’t been paying close attention to his clock when he met his soulmate, only the single beep that he almost caught too late.
Over the next twenty-four hours he starts to see it. For one thing Jacob is quiet, thoughtful, determined. He never does anything without thought and planning. Even more surprising is the fact the thief is willing to stay when they are caught, though he waves him away.
“Mates,” he whispers under his breath, tasting the word and everything it means. It feels right. Like coming home after a long shift and being comforted by someone who cares.
“Do you know where my home is?” Rory asks, tilting his head and smiling slightly since he is quite sure that the sentinel does know.
He closes his eyes and just focuses on breathing, he can’t think about this here and now. He has a job to do, no matter what his instincts are telling him. He just hopes that Ruan survives, because he wants to get to know the boy that’s his son and doesn’t know how well he will take it if Ruan doesn’t.
Smiling back, the other woman nods, opening the door and inviting her in. “Of course, we can have tea in the back garden while we do so.”
With a muttered apology and directions to the patsy where to actually go, he waits for several more moments before checking on the boy again. There will be hell to pay for that action, but sometimes hell to pay is worth it to find the answers.
Hiding within the cave, hearing Bilbo’s conversation with Bofur, he thought things would be much easier on them all if the hobbit left them. Safer for the man as well. If he wasn’t there, Thorin wouldn’t feel the need to defend him instead of working towards his goal. He was a king trying to take his home back, bring his kingdom back to life and prosperity. Hard to do if you kill yourself defending your would-be soulmate. So Thorin didn’t make a move to stop the hobbit… until their whole world collapsed around them.
Gale and Peeta both knew in their hearts that they were Katniss’ soulmate, but didn’t tell the other. Why would they? They weren’t friends, but they both loved her too much to make her choose. What they didn’t know is that The Girl On Fire was given two choices. She was special.
“You’re rather scrawny to be fighting with someone like him,” the dark-eyed boy tells him. Offering him a hand up, the stranger continues, “I’m Bucky.”
Angrily he had thrown himself into his work, more so than normal, putting the staff and agents through their paces far more than anyone expected. So much so that the sentinels that often worked in the field started avoiding him, only mutes came near him.
His half-brother probably won’t be happy with him crashing on the sofa, but it’s better than nothing.Of course, he will stop by his flat first, get a few changes of clothes, maybe a few of his more personal items.
How is it possible the thief that shot out his knee is his soulmate? That just seems completely and utterly wrong. How could the man who nearly ruined his life be his perfect match?
John had always known he and Sherlock were soulmates. The moment he set eyes on those dark curls, his body filled with a shock of electricity unlike any he’d ever felt before.
For eight months River inserted herself into Jayne's late night workouts and Jayne never quite knew what time she would join him, but it always seemed like perfect timing as his mind would be somewhere deep in his past when her large, dark brown eyes would appear close by.
He gave me that guilty face again, the same one he used that day in the garage when he said he wasn’t trying to win a contest by dancing with me. He was trying to placate me, “You still haven’t picked up Spanish.” A well placed slap to the chest changed his course of explanation. “Look, I know how that probably sounded-”
The two of them retreat to a small cafe to discuss his case. As he listens, he is barely able to keep his attention on the barrister. Instead, he thinks about who could have done this. The only person he keeps coming up with is Jacob. Why would the professional thief do that? Did Jacob realize they were soulmates? Did the thief feel guilty over what happened?
There is no denying the scent, as he lightly sniffs the air again. That’s definitely his scent, or scent markers anyways, mixed with Antonio, and unique to Ruan.
The first time he saw color was in the middle of an ugly warehouse after being confronted by a posh git in a suit leaning on an umbrella. They had engaged in a rather sassy and sarcastic exchange. It had ended when the git wanted to see his left hand.
Luckily, during a secret meeting of Thorin, Balin, Bilbo, Elrond, and Gandalf, it was possible to read the map thus putting Thorin’s mind at ease enough to concentrate on other issues clouding his mind. Elrond stared between the dwarf king and the halfling before turning to Gandalf and raising an elegant eyebrow. Gandalf’s nod and the twinkle in his blue eyes confirmed the elf king’s suspicions. Thorin’s room was moved near Bilbo’s guest room for the duration of their stay.
Katniss had returned from a hunt still believing she and Haymitch were the only ones in District 12. She never expected to return to the image of the two men in a physical fight that the older man was attempting to break up.
The king had done well in his goal of avoiding the hobbit until their escape route from the wargs led them down a mountain path into the last place he’d ever wanted to step foot: Rivendale. Dwarves and elves weren’t known for their close ties. The company had been standing in the middle of the courtyard when the sound of hooves beating along the path reached them, dragging the weakest of their group into the center of their protective circle. Bilbo. Was pressed up against his back. He could feel the heat radiating off the smaller man. He wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold himself back from grabbing the hobbit and forcing him to into one of the guest rooms offered by their elven hosts.
Since the first moment he touched James he knew the sentinel was his perfect match. Not that very many people realized he was a guide. He was pretty good at making people think he was only a low level empath. So when his sentinel was repeatedly injured, he kept helping the other man out. Showing up at unexpected times to deliver something that the agent ‘needed’ in person, just lightly making sure they touched, just enough that he could restore balance to him.
When Bilbo lost his footing, nearly plunging to his death, Thorin immediately reacted. The pull in his chest overwhelmed him. This much smaller man was important to him no matter how much he attempted to deny the truth to himself. Bilbo felt it too, he knew. They both knew.
“Simon: blue. Mal: red. Jayne: purple. Wash: green. Inara, me: red. Zoe: green. Kaylee: blue. River: purple.”
When he first met John Watson, invalided army doctor, he knew that John was going to be his soulmate. Only when they finally touched after the case was done, there was no burning, no mark, nothing. Despite the fact every part of him was telling him that John was
“He left these for me, but I think they would be better suited for you,” the older woman tells her fondly. “I kept my favorite, but the rest, the rest you take.”
The brunette stood still in shock while still holding her bow and pheasant staring at them. Shaking herself free, Katniss breathed out, “Peeta? Gale? What are you both doing here?”
Unknown to Bilbo, and to the shock of the company, after the hobbit fainted from Bofur’s words and the contract, it was Thorin who leant down and picked up the small, prone form and carried him carefully into his bedroom with the direction of Gandalf. Having smoothed down the hobbit’s errant curls, the dwarf king cracked the bedroom door and joined the others in the main room where someone had rekindled the roaring fire. He was almost sure that Bilbo would choose to stay as far away from him and their company as possible. This would require thought.
After discovering her pregnancy, she had gathered the money together in order to return to Athens. It was only right that she tell Andrew what happened, that she had become pregnant from their shared time together. Only when she gets there, there is someone else living in his home, a young woman who has never heard of an Andrew, and cannot help her. Frustrated, because she had never thought to get more information from him, she had paused on the walkway and just stared up at the sky, contemplating what she was going to do next. Perhaps she should see about finding a seer to search for him.
For almost ten years, the crew had assumed Jayne was at odds with the Tams, like on Ariel. When Simon married Kaylee, he was the one who took Simon aside and explained the logistics of how he would dismember the good doctor while he watched. Then he shared a bottle of his best moonshine. Simon considered it a truce of some kind. That didn't mean that Jayne wouldn't tease him, but he no longer tried to sell them off.
“Maria DiNozzo,” her hostess replies, a warm smile curving her lips, “I’ll answer anything I can, but I do not know how much that will be.”
Yolanda wasn’t expecting to see Katey as she entered the small courtyard. The smile she had put on to see the others slipped a bit when she noticed the pain in her friend’s blue eyes.
This answer was confirmed two days into their journey when group accidentally chose a site to camp in near three rather large mountain trolls. Bert, Bill, and Tom had the hobbit strung up by his arms and legs before the dwarves could cause any damage in their impromptu defense of their burglar.
Apparently Jacob is not answering that question, which he finds both curious and frustrating. He really prefers to know people’s motives, it’s part of why he became a cop. Why is Jacob here? Just to ask him to dinner? What for? He can’t think of a single reason why the thief would be here. Or why the thief made sure he got a good lawyer, because he sure as hell knows it wasn’t his half-brother and he doesn’t have any friends with that sort of money. Yes, they could be great together, that was acknowledged when he felt the soulmate bond take hold, but he doubts that Jacob would care about that.
Only when he came out of his thoughts he was shocked by what he saw: sitting on the edge of the bed, gently stroking the major’s short graying ash-blonde hair is John.
“Of course, if you need anything else, I am here in the afternoons,” the woman replies with a nod, “I hope you find what you are looking for, Sandra.”
I could tell that wasn’t what he was expecting to hear based on how wide his eyes became. Taking that as confirmation of what I thought was the truth, I tried to pull myself away and escape his arms, but they only seemed to tighten as he said, “No no no” over and over.
For the longest time, James hold still eyes boring into his as if to find every piece of him and merge them together. Eventually he starts to move, slowly at first, taking his time with an easy pace that teases both of them.
Gandalf could tell there was something occupying both Bilbo and Thorin’s minds, but both were reluctant to mention or focus on it. Could it be? Possibly. He soon dozed as the others settled down for the night, to leave at first light. With or without a burglar in their company.
In her room, she settles on the edge of the bed, carefully breaking the seal and unfolding the letter to read.
Simon and Mal searched high and low for the Gùyōng bīng méiyǒu shé me húndàn. In the end of was Inara and Kaylee that found him first... River had pulled him into a slow dance to some silent tune that only she could hear. The women stood in the doorway quietly observing the odd, but fitting couple.
If it was possible to get away or on the same watch shift, the two took advantage of it. They were always careful to not let the others in on their little secret. Though neither thought they had met their One, or soulmate, they truly didn’t believe they were each other’s purely because they were both male as well as one being a dwarf and one a hobbit.
Those talented fingers set to opening his shirt slowly, his sentinels attention completely on him as he feels his sense beginning to expand.
. That would be enough for him at this point. He’s not sure when his drive for justice became a drive for answers. Probably at the same time as he started needing answers. Lots of answers. Sooner than later.
“Excuse me?” a plump, dark-haired woman with only the vaguest scent of wolf comments, hand lightly hovering over her elbow without actually touching it.
“Careful, having one of you in here is enough, lets not make it both.” His soulmate remarks jokingly.
is injured, nearly dead. Someone needs to pay. Damn it, instincts are a real bitch sometimes. It’s probably a good thing he’s the only alpha in this active case.
Slouching back onto the sand, I could feel the tears welling up again and this time I let him pull me into his warm embrace effectively closing the gap that was originally between us.
“Knew what Bond?” he replies, keeping his tone cool even as he internally wants to scream. He picked her, why is he here?
The two began to speak more, sharing pieces of themselves. Jayne became adept at speaking River. She became more lucid in their private moments together. The more time they spent with Kai, just the three of them, Jayne started seeing himself with his own little one: a little girl, pale with long dark hair and his blue eyes. Dancing around him, playing with an older Kai, learning from him how to handle a knife properly. Where that thought came from he couldn't tell.
He always thought the legends and rumors of true mates was nothing but a tale told to small children to make them feel better about being different from the more common beta children. It can’t be true.
“Will you need housing arrangements?” the barrister inquires, “I am aware that your flat has become a crime scene and that you were set up to take the fall for your partner’s death.”
When he slips in, he stops by the door for a few moments to just view the damage to his flat. It’s in disarray with things moved out of place. What surprises him the most is the fact the door to his bedroom is closed, that’s odd, it should still be open.
They found Katniss chopping at the bird with a large knife while Haymitch stood back with a drink as if to enjoy the show.
Rising carefully, he readjusted his hold on her and carried the young woman to her own room in the passenger dorm. She was the only one continuing to stay in that area now so he didn't worry about waking anyone nearby. The doc had moved into Kaylee's bunk long ago.
“John?” He questions, trying not to show his confusion, “Why aren’t you on your sex holiday?” It’s hard to keep the bitterness out of his voice but he manages it somehow.
Why did Antonio, Jacob, not tell him? He’s quite sure that the thief could easily find him or remember where he lived at the time. He didn’t actually move out of the family home until his parents deaths when he had sold it to cover costs of expenses from their debts. So he easily could have been found. Besides that, if the thief couldn’t remember where he lived, the older man probably could have easily found him. He definitely has the connection to do that. So why did he never say? Why had he left the way he did? Why had any of this happened?
When he met Mary, he felt a tiny spark and ran with it. Believed he could make it work and have the family he’d always dreamed of.
It takes him a minute to decide to accept the help, taking hold of the hand before him, and accepting the help up.
In the afternoon, she returns to the neighbor woman, hesitantly knocking at the door. When the other woman opens it, she smiles at her, asking, “Could, could I talk to you about Andrew?”
Also! we will be canon divergent after A Study in Pink. Then we'll get canon divergent for realzies! and truly see banshee and medium/psychic stuff
“I would prefer this stays between us,” Mycroft implored. “Sherlock and I used to be close,” she grimaced a the memory of how things used to be oh so long ago. “Sadly, not anymore. Sherlock might take it badly….” Mycroft purposefully trailed off.
Something flickered across John’s face before Mycroft could read it; then it settled into...ah...fearlessness. A soldier’s face.  “You don't seem very frightening,” John told the civil servant.
Mycroft saw Sherlock in her mind’s eye. She was texting. Mycroft did not need to see the text to know it was to John.
Mycroft sighed. She knew her Sherlock was finally working on that dreadful serial killer case. The one that made it look like the victims were committing suicides. Clever that. Clever, but dreadful.
Mycroft sat comfortably against the leather seats of the luxury sedan as she watched the CCTV footage on the laptop resting on her lap. On her mobile phone she rang phone after phone along the side of the street Johanna Watson was limping along.
Mycroft smiled, one reserved for bureaucrats, ambassadors, and heads of governments, and replied, “When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place.” When Johanna still had not taken the seat Mycroft said, in a lightly provoking manner, “The leg must be hurting you. Sit down.”
John still looked confused. Ah. She was unsure why she was being addressed despite her eagerness to come with Sherlock to the crime scene. Which was just silly! This was the reason Sherlock asked John to come with her to the crime scene - for her medical opinion!
“You know, I've got a phone. I mean, very clever and all that, but...er...you could just phone me. On my phone.”
Mycroft pocketed her phone, put her laptop away, double checked that she had one last prop, and left the car. She eyed the large empty space. Yes, it would do nicely. Except it needed one more detail.
“I suppose not, compared to bullets,” Mycroft acknowledged. She was about to say more when she saw with her telesthesia that Sherlock was back at Baker Street. Mycroft’s time alone with John was running out.
Sherlock made a face. “Of course she's not. She's from out of town, though. Intended to stay in London for one night... before returning home to Cardiff. So far, so obvious.”
John leaned forward, just a bit. “That isn’t to say that I wouldn’t still have a name from you.” And then John winked. “Then, just maybe, there could be something between us, and if I occasionally bring up my brilliant but daft flatmate...well...then that would be no one else’s business, would it?”
Thankfully, her attention was diverted to her computer screen where Mycroft saw live CCTV footage of Johanna “John” Watson leaving the house where the most recent serial “suicide” had been found.
“To the heart of the matter, then. I’m concerned about Sherlock and you, my dear, are in the perfect position.”
It was a clear as crystal to Mycroft that the shorter woman had spent a number of years in the Army, had been discharged though not because of the limp (psychosomatic or otherwise), was a tidy person by nature, was low on funds, and was clearly not afraid of the situation she had found herself in. Most interesting of all was the fact that although Watson was clearly an adrenaline junkie and ex-soldier she draped herself in drab apparel. Just what kind of facade was Watson trying to present with her ill fitting overly large lumpy jumper and utilitarian shoes?
With Sherlock elsewhere digging through skips, Mycroft grimaced at the thought, it was the opportune moment to have a private conversation with the former Army doctor.
With a sigh Sherlock hauled the hideous case towards the main road to hail a cab back to Baker Street.
It was unfortunate that her ancestor had for some unknown reason decided to attach himself to a skull. Not that appearing to talk to thin air had ever done Sherlock any favors for her reputation either. Not that Sherlock cared much about her reputation, of course, not as long as she was allowed to solve interesting cases.
in the privacy of her office - and hoped Sherlock took a shower after, or at least washed her hands. But that hope might have been a lost cause considering that Mycroft knew her sister had such appalling notions about taking care of her “transport” during a case.
Mycroft  directed the camera to turn away before saying, “And finally, at the top of the building on your right.”
Sherlock stood over Jennifer Wilson’s body. The consulting detective had already read from Wilson’s body what she needed to make her deductions. Now she was checking the weather on her phone.
Mycroft was at her desk going over everything that could be found on one Johanna Hamish Watson when her telesthesia showed her what Sherlock was to. The view of Sherlock was only in her mind’s eye so the civil servant had no trouble continuing with her work. Multitasking was like breathing for Mycroft.
So whatever Sherlock was looking for in skips must have to do with her case. Mycroft allowed herself to sigh, once more - after all, she
Mycroft’s face fell. She couldn’t help it. She felt like she was losing control of the situation. She had originally planned to offer John money, but Mycroft had decided against it when it became obvious to her that it would be an insult to the proud soldier.
There was nothing Mycroft could do about how Sherlock treated her own body, nothing beyond getting Sherlock the best specialist and treatment when Sherlock -
It wasn’t until Sherlock fished the bright pink suitcase out of the skip and went to turn to John with a triumphant grin that she realized that she left the ex-Army doctor back at the crime scene. How inconvenient that psychosomatic limp was proving to be. Sherlock
Mycroft’s lips twitched back upwards. “Oh, my dear, you are a surprise.” She leaned forward and whispered in John’s ear.
Lestrade waved her hand towards the body on the floor in a manner that anyone could read as defeat and tired exasperation. Her tone was an auditory mirror of the gesture when she said to John, “Oh, do as she says. Help yourself.” Then to Anderson Lestrade told,  “Anderson, keep everyone out for a couple of minutes.”
For the first time Sherlock wished a spirit had stayed after being murdered. Most of the time the spirits of murder victims were barely more helpful than the corpses they left behind. Mostly spirits were as tedious in death as they were in life, but at least they were more helpful than
Mycroft ignored that question as well. “Get into the car, Doctor Watson,” she instructed. When Watson hesitated she told her, “I would make some sort of threat, but I'm sure your situation is quite clear to you.”
Sherlock had learned early on that Absalon Holmes might have been dead, but it hadn’t diminished the man’s ability to predict the future; his death had simply made it harder for his predictions to be clear.
“Yeah, I can tell,” John said dryly and a roll of her eyes. “What do you want of me, and why should I give it to you?”
Whatever John saw in Sherlock’s eyes must have satisfied her because John gave her a small nod before stepping over to the corpse and awkwardly getting down to her knees beside it.
Harry Hart was 38 when he his timer ran down. He’d lived so long with such a high number on his wrist, he learned to ignore the decreasing time. Thirteen years as an agent had taught him to not think about such trivial things. He honestly believed he’d be dead before his clock ran out and he wouldn’t need to worry about it. As Merlin always told him, “Expect the unexpected and prepare for surprise.”
“Once the doctor clears you, the three of us can go home and figure out how we want to work this out, that is, if you want to try?” the last part is directed at James, the one he is not sure about.
He felt it stronger than ever. Only thing… now there was a smaller flame burning between them. The medical chart confirmed it.
The first time they slept together was after the goblin tunnels and Bilbo saved him from the wargs. Thorin hugged him and a spark was ignited. All that was needed was a simple touch to realize they were soulmates though if they had realized it at the time, it’s not exactly something they would be telling the rest of the Company. The group already had enough to handle without this new addition so no one noticed.
Though, his eyes sweep over the younger man again, he doesn’t really have to. His instincts are screaming at him, every part of them wanting to defend and protect.
Within it James pauses, taking a deep breath, swaying in place, and closing his eyes with a satisfied smirk. “Perfect,” the older man finally mutters, “this place feels right, smells right.”
“To be honest, Captain, I really don’t have a clue. Even back to our childhood, I can’t remember her mentioning names and colors together.”
This is chapter is part of my Pack Verse, and is a look at what Madeline dreams her mate will be like
Over the next two years he intentionally found and put himself in situations that would require John to touch him, every time hoping that the mark would appear, that he would be able to claim John “not gay” Watson as his own. But the mark never appeared.
He wants the boy to survive and he wants Antonio to escape. Damn it. Wanting the boy to survive is fine, wanting Jacob to escape is not. The omega needs to pay for his crimes. Or at least answer
The slamming of the butcher knife onto the wooden counter made both men jump as she stopped chopping and leaned against the counter with both hands bracing her body, head down. The only time she could hide her emotions was when her hair was down and in her face, as it was now.
The dwarves and their wizard companion set off at first light after having raided the rest of Master Baggins’ pantry stores. Bets were soon placed on whether their little friend would be joining them, Thorin declined to place a bet, unsure of whether he truly wanted the other man on this journey with them or not. Unsure of whether he could protect himself or he would require the defense of the others, including himself.
“John,” he groans, standing and reaching for the compact blonde, not thinking about where he is perched and nearly tripping himself in the process.
A little over two weeks of avoiding the hobbit and the constant bowls of green provided by their hosts, the dwarves made their escape as the elves and wizards held council across the house. They would meet up with their gray companion later. If the group thought their journey would be calm for the time being, they were sorely wrong. Who could have predicted the mountains would be in all out war with each other?
Confused by the abuse and emotion, he hadn’t noticed Katey had passed him, “Estupido, go after her! She’s an American alone in Havana at night.” As if being accosted by an elder wasn’t enough, he had been on the verge of tears and didn’t see the streak of blonde fly past as he should have.
I wasn’t sure how I ended up on the beach in that tent, our tent. I guess subconsciously it seemed like a fitting place to end up. It all began here on this beach. I sat there, watched the first colors of the sunrise crest over the horizon, and could feel myself being watched. I knew it was him, there was always something about him. We had promised to keep a piece of each other with ourselves.
Ruan Maxim Sternwood, son of Jacob A. Sternwood. Born June 5th, 1993. No information provided for the second parent. Male omega, present at fourteen and six months.
The first time was near the med buildings, then later in the trial of his future friend, James T. Kirk. Spock had no way to really narrow down the culprit due to the sheer population of San Francisco and Starfleet Academy.
He’s surprised when two days later he is released from the holding cell. A lawyer he could never afford waiting for him as he exits the building.
I saw Mockingjay part 2 when it premiered and it’s been stuck in my head: Peeta Mellark/Katniss Everdeen/Gale Hawthorne. (small excerpt from the book provided with the story following.)
We lay back in the sand, with a our hands protectively over my still growing belly, Javier whispered in my ear something I actually understood, “La Rosa de La Habana.” The Rose of Havana.
The tears were free flowing now as a silent agreement passed between all three men to never leave their Mockingjay.
It becomes a bit of a blur after that, James finally gets his shirt off and the two of them tumble onto his bed where they take their time touching and tasting each other. Learning about each other’s bodies, likes, dislikes, and everything in between. By the time James starts to prepare him, readying to complete the link.
His breath hitched as he felt her nose nuzzle below his ear, a flush creeping along his neck, he was sure she would have noticed even without being psychic. His hands found her tiny ones still clasped around his chest, using them to haul her around him and into his lap. She didn't seem to mind his sweat and stench as she held fast to his neck, burying her face in his chest this time. He held her close, rocking them until her breathing evened out and he could feel soft, steady puffs of air on his neck.
