How is it fair that Steve gets to be so beautiful?
- Over-protective parents and a rebellious son
Peter doesn’t speak, instead nods and accelerates again. This car drives perfectly, and Peter would love to have one of these of his own, if only he had some money.
“Jeesh, was there a kitten stuck in a tree or something?” Shuri asks with a wink.
Peter nods. He puts a hand on his stomach, feeling hungry all of the sudden.
“Told you,” the black-haired man said proudly from behind her. But she didn’t hear him. There was another man, she just saw him when she turned around to search for any sign of the cage that had just caved in. He was sitting on the chair Cap sat in last time in her dream, when he was guarding her.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’ll survive, Peter won’t if we don’t use this.”
“Yes. I’ll prepare the landing platform for the ship to come down. FRIDAY will let you in. You know where Peter’s room is.”
Peter met Gwen on a Thursday. The schoolyear had only just started, but the teachers had already lots of homework to give. He only just turned fifteen, and Aunt May and Uncle Ben had just bought him a new camera he liked to mess around with. Even during school, he held it on a cord around his neck, ready to take pictures whenever the occasion arose.
Peter has to admit that he likes Yaël’s dry sense of humor. It reminds him much of his own, and he’s sure she mostly developed it by hanging out with Wade all the time; he really has that effect on people.
Tony hesitantly bumps his fist against Steve's, and everybody starts to laugh at Steve's proud face. Peter is just about ready to run away from the table and pretend he's not family to any of these people.
- These fucking accords
Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
“Hey!” he shouts. The man jumps back. Michelle takes the opportunity of the distraction by kicking the guy in his balls. The man drops down on his knees, his hands reaching for his groin with a face red and tears in his eyes. “Uh, yeah, take that, I think?”
They are trying to keep the ‘babysitting’ subtle, but in all honesty, subtlety isn’t exactly the Avenger’s biggest talent.
“Well, well, look what the cat dragged in,” a voice suddenly says from somewhere behind him. Peter jumps up, almost throwing himself over the edge with the sudden movement. Making a quick turn, he’s suddenly faced with a light-haired girl in a mask, wearing a leather suit that looks like the sexier-version of Widow’s uniform.
Peter is sticking to the ceiling now, putting a hand on his chin as he thinks about it. His hair is falling downwards, as are his robes. It’s actually a pretty hilarious sight. Steve turns to Tony, not too surprised to see the man still worrying over him. Steve puts his arm over Tony’s shoulder again to hold him close.
(See the end of the chapter for
At one point, when they arrived there, they started pulling at each other’s suits until they dropped on the ground. Keeping the lights off, Peter doesn’t mind too much when his mask gets pulled up at least a little bit too high. He pulls it off eventually when he understands she won’t be able to see him in the darkess.
Thor smiles and takes the crown from her hands, lifting it up towards her head. Then, with all the gentleness that Thor seems to have, he puts it down on top of her head, his fingers going through her hair shortly before pulling his hands back.
“We were good friends, spent almost all of our time together, working on stuff.” Then Mr. Stark stands up, walking towards the bar and pouring himself a small glass of what must be scotch. Peter almost wants to comment how he shouldn’t combine that with his medication, but he figures that’s not his place. “And then she met your father. That must have been the happiest I’ve ever seen her.”
“Hold it,” Loki countered “Remember when I told you to stay on the ship and that I, when you didn’t, said you couldn’t blame me for getting into this fight?” Loki said dryly. Yaël threw him a sarcastic glance, then signed at Thor to resume telling his plans. Somehow, Loki always managed to be extremely, annoyingly blunt and for some reason, Yaël wouldn’t want him to change that, even though it made her sometimes want to scratch his eyes out.
Steve wouldn’t know how to deal with a baby even if his life depended on it. He’d rather not be responsible for one.
On foot! Holy crap! He tries out all the possible short cuts, interrupts a few garden parties and almost falls into a few pools. A couple of dogs are happy to see him, others bark and growl. After a few minutes, he gets himself to a bridge where a couple of people are talking together. Peter notices the large, strange gun one of the men is holding.
Right, about his first problem. He looks at his door, hesitating on leaving his room and facing Johnny immediately.
When Yaël woke up again later in the day, Steve was gone. He probably went back to Stark, as he immediately came to her after his mission without passing by at Tony’s.
“Well, he’s Spider-Man, of course!” Wade said it like it was an obvious fact, like those words would justify his actions. Well, Wade could go screw himself.
“At ease, soldier, I’m not currently after you,” Tony tells the man behind Steve, but Bucky doesn’t relax.
“No, technically we’re not here. We’ll leave again in a few hours with king T’Challa, who was here on ‘business’,” Natasha explains, punctuating the ‘business’ part to make clear that it’s not true.
When X visited her to help her out with the dream, she had been cleaning all day, trying not to scratch her own hand open. So Yaël needed to distract herself. After pulling off her socks too, she started walking around in the room, barefoot on the cold tiles. While walking around, she picked up a magazine and started looking at pretty clothes.
“Now, uh, you said something about, uh, the Royal Gardens at three?” Tony asks T’Challa smiles and nods.
“I just asked Shuri and MJ, and given that they’re both insane dancers on the side, we put something together,” he says. Then, suddenly, one of the wardrobe girls pull on Tony’s hair. When he looks down, he suddenly recognizes Shuri. She takes off her glasses and the beret she was wearing. The girl who was helping dress Peter up takes off her disguise as well, revealing MJ.
“Peter’ll know we love him very much.” Mary shifts her hands onto Tony’s cheeks, making him look up to her. “The Peter you told me about, that’s the Peter I want him to become. And stopping us from dying… who knows, maybe the balance will be shifted and somebody else dies in our stead. We can’t play with that.”
“I had to force myself to be here,” he admits. His eyes land on the child reaching out for him. In any normal occasion, he would have automatically taken him from her. This time, looking at Raido, all he wonders is if he could ever just get back to that childish innocence? Back to a time where he hadn’t lost so many people, hadn’t fucked up so horribly.
He doesn’t let it get to him. Because there’s nobody in these woods; he has alarm systems almost everywhere.
“It’s summer break,” the engineer states, and Peter realizes his mistake immediately.
Not that he had never seen her angry before, but still, this situation wasn’t Steve’s fault at all. Guess she just had to be patient about it. With some luck, she’d dream about it that night.
To be fair, Tony loves babies. Back when he had been with Pepper, almost at the beginning of their relationship, the thought of ever having children with her had been near to constant. But to be fair, his true knowledge of his paternal desire came to him the moment Peter came into his life. It was by then that he understood how much he loves being a father, having a kid to call his own.
. And
“Dude, stop trying to kiss me all the time,” Peter tells Wade.
Tony feels his body go cold, and all the sound around him just disappears. Mary Fitzpatrick, one of the few people that had been there for him after his parents died, is not even there anymore. And somehow, he has never even been made aware of this.
“Oh, what a nice trick” Yaël hissed. “Lucky for you, I have a few nice tricks too!” And with a blink a her eyes, she made it happen. The guards and the old freak looked down confusedly as their feet started freezing.
“I guess not,” she says, giving him once more the chance to get out of the room. Just as she opens her mouth to say something else, the coach calls out for her. They’re going to start over the game. With another stare, Michelle turns back towards the other students, and Peter exits the room.
“I realized I might have loved you, too,” she says as she grits her teeth together to fight back the tears. There’s a hollow chuckle coming out of her, her hand balling into a fist onto the table. “I was actually thinking about ending it with Richard. We weren’t exactly working out all that well, but…”
in a relationship with MJ!
Steve sounds a bit breathless.
“I sure am,” Tony returns.
“In 2012, with Loki,” Tony continues. Steve nods.
Tony looks at her shortly. Then he nods again, keeping his mouth shut.
Peter then shrugs, trying to count it out. “A little more than a year I suppose? We’re almost November now, 2016.”
“I don’t know, maybe Lily or something. She’s kind of cute,” he jokes. Peter gives him an unimpressed look.
He stops thinking about it when Steve smashes his left boot.
“And you’re sure it’s him?” Natasha asks the person on the other side of the line. Peter goes to the counter where Tony is standing, and offers him a short smile. Tony just nods at him in return, putting a reassuring hand on his shoulder for a few seconds.
grateful if you would join me!”
It’s when they’re off guard that they’re caught in the last explosion. It’s loud thundering, and Tony’s instinct kicks in immediately, jumping to the side and pushing Steve out of the way. With a grunt, they fall on the ground, Tony lying on top of Steve to protect him from the falling rubble. Before they know it, all that surrounds them is darkness, the only light around them being the reactor on the chestplate.
After what felt like a very long time, Yaël had no real awareness of time anymore, she succeeded in gathering some stuff. Rolled up in a blanket, she managed to get herself in the bathroom with her friends, a pillow, the toilet, the shower, a few bottles of water and a bunch of bananas so she would at least have something to puke out. But this was no flu. The flu didn’t make her heart race or her inhaling arduous. The flu didn’t make the room turn and it surely didn’t make her faint. Though she felt like she was boiling up, she shivered.
?” Ross asks. “I’m sorry, did I miss the part where this is up for debate? If the kid wants to take on the big guys, he has to play by the rules. We closed our eyes so far because he kept to the little stuff. Things hardly worth mentioning on the television.”
“It’s a joke, wise-ass,” Yaël counters, grinning her teeth bare. She nods to somewhere behind her. “Want to head out? Take a breather?”
A sigh escapes from his lips, and he finds himself wondering if he should get inside or not. There’s no specific reason for him to be there, but he can’t help but feel curious at what’s inside. Maybe he should go asking for that internship, but he’s not sure if they’d even accept him if he’s not a student.
They heard someone mumble somewhere above them and a few seconds later, the ‘ding’ sounds at last.
“Because… I wanted you to tell me on your own time. Besides… I knew you had Tony watching over your back ever since that Goblin attacked you. He’s not going to let you get in any danger.”
“Awkward,” he jokes. Then he gets back to his tablet to just pretend he’s not here.
Eventually, Happy stops the car in front of Peter’s house. Tony realizes then that he hasn’t spoken a single word about it at all. Even as he opens his mouth, he finds that he lacks the words to speak. He wants to tell Peter everything he knows, but there’s no good way the words form in his mouth.
,” Peter mutters, feeling sorry for a simple cartoon character.
“C’mon baby boy, wake up for us, okay? Steve’s here now, so you just stay with us,” Tony mutters against his son’s head. Steve holds him even tighter.
“Who are you and why are here?” one of them, she guessed the one steering air, asked as soon as Yaël and Lopt were closer.
Chapter warnings in the end notes.
Class goes slowly. The teacher goes over their last test, which according to her more than half the class failed on. Peter got a perfect score, of course, but that’s probably because he now has two super intelligent people living in the tower.
He’s all alone, he quickly realizes.
Michelle raises an eyebrow at him, but then smirks and punches him in the shoulder.
“I understand that when you got your powers, everything had been amplified as well, right?” Banner counters. “Sound, smell, touch. You heard things you weren’t supposed to hear. You felt things before they would happen, right?”
Once she had tidied most of her stuff, she sat down on her sleeping bag and searched for some food in her backpack. The only still edible thing she had was some rice pudding, so rice pudding it was!
After a while, the curtain comes up. The stage is dark, until suddenly a spotlight shines on Peter, wearing a dark suit and a black hat. In his hand, he’s carrying an umbrella. The music that starts playing is familiar; Singing in the rain.
“Em, please,” Peter mutters out. MJ turns around to face him, her eyes determined and her face sad.
“The suit, I’m going to need it back,” Tony finally says. He hates himself for doing this, but it’s the only way.
occasionally. At least, since Uncle Ben… “It was just a weird fight, I suppose.”
“Jeesh, thanks,” Peter mutters. “Also, is that pizza I smell?”
These are also posted on my tumblr. You can find them at this link: http://beingastark.tumblr.com/tagged/instaspidey
“I know you have.” Steve pulls out a plate and drops the egg on it, handing it to Tony with a proud look on his face. Tony just smiles at him, reaching for his fork and knife and getting to his breakfast.
“Yes, thanks to you I knew I had to refuse that stuff when Dr. Cho wanted to use it on me!” Yaël nodded proudly. Clint looked a bit surprised at her, like he was trying to find out if she was joking or not. Then, he burst out in laughing.
“No, not assist,” Mr. Stark says, shaking his head. “Teamwork.” Then the man winks at him, and Peter laughs. Before either can say anything more, the door opens and Steve walks back inside, holding a blue box in his hand that looks about the size of Peter’s fist.
“It reminds me of older times, of my… youth.” He looked at bit doubtful when he said youth, like he wasn’t really sure if that was the correct word for what he meant. Well, Yaël totally didn’t get what he was talking about. That book looked older than its owner, who looked like he was thirty-something.
“As far as I know, no, she didn’t.” Peter drinks some of the water before handing the glass back to May. “She’s back at home, though.”
“Nat’s with Barnes, remember?” Sam adds. Clint then groans.
“Tony, you’re not actually going to tell them, are you?” Natasha interrupts. Tony holds up his hand to shut her up before nodding towards the three men.
“I’ve got some prototypes for you to look over. The design isn’t ready, but their function is so you can test it out and we can make it matching to your suit, what do you think?”
“So what’s his name?” Yaël thought for a second, back then, the man once told her what his name was, but he never repeated it in her dreams.
“And they are happy. So very happy.”
Tony, who, for a second, glanced a bit surprised at Yaël for having his back. Not that she really was having his back, but she couldn’t stay there if Tony disapproved it. They would only annoy the crap out of each other.
Don't fear, we'll be back!
“And you expect me to believe you’re going to forgive me and be my sweet, big sister?” Nilla spat, her tone suddenly completely changed from unbelieving into extremely sarcastic. Pushing her back up against the wall, Nilla got up. Her hair looked like it hadn’t been combed in years and her eyes glanced dangerously at Yaël, like she was some sort of prey.
It’s another eventful day in the tower. Granted, most of the Avengers have moved back to the compound, but it seems like it’s still their base for chilling on some occasions, which is why the penthouse is now currently filled with almost every member of the team, along with Peter, Harry and Johnny, who are holding their glasses of coke in their hands while they watch at what’s happening.
“The school
“Wade… you bought purple dye,” she stated. Wade nodded enthusiastic.
“Dad?” he asks. Tony startles and whips his head around in a sudden surprise. At least he doesn’t hide his stuff away the moment he notices he’s not alone. He offers Peter a faint smile.
“No, no, no, I’m not!” Peter says, and the first thing he thinks to do is just press the button to get out of the suit. It comes loose all around him, and falls down on the ground while Peter ends up standing there in just his underwear.
thing to say, it’s that orange isn’t a good color on Steve. It’s too wild, too heavy. Too much like fire, while Steve’s more like water instead. He’s always so calm and reserved, and the orange overall just seems to mock everybody around him while he’s wearing it.
“FRI, can you just- is he alright? To drive, I mean?”
“Well, then, if your radar is so good, you spotted any other gay Avengers?” the girl asks mockingly, and the boy holds up his finger to think. Before Peter can hear what he’s going to say, Ned starts talking.
“So, who do you have training with today?” Steve said when he walked into the kitchen and caught her having breakfast. As soon as Yaël’s wounds were finally healed, Steve had organized a training schedule for her. She had been grateful, until she noticed that he wanted her to train almost all the time. Every week, she got another partner to train with, because Steve noticed Yaël kind of locked herself up in her room to not disturb anyone.
get bored from it. Gaming is much more fun when you’re doing it with two. With a sigh, he gets up again, not bothering to turn the computer off. He just gets back into the hallway, hoping that Nat and Tony are finished talking about whatever it was she wanted to scold him for.
All that matters now is saving Peter.
She hadn’t seen Steve nor Sam in a few days and she wondered where they were. All the others seemed to be busy, probably searching those two. But nobody kept Yaël up to date, so what did she know except for that she really wanted wished she was in Hogwarts right now.
“Eh, for the, eh, scholarship,” he gets out before he can really think of it. He moves his hands from his front pockets to his back pockets, and there he stumbles upon a piece of paper. When he picks it out, he sees that it’s Mrs. Potts number; the one Dr. Cho has given him. The receptionist sees it, and lifts one eyebrow, though. “But I’ve already received this number a while ago, I could maybe make an appointment through Mrs. Potts, instead?”
Enjoy watching Infinity War for those who can! I'll see it on Sunday.
Tony tries to shake off the worried feeling he’s having all over. Surely, if Peter wouldn’t be feeling well, he would say so, no? He’s probably pale like that because he’s been having long days at school. Or maybe he’s catching a cold. Nothing to worry about, after all. Despite everything, Peter can still have common colds.
who might look familiar to him. He texted MJ about ten minutes ago, but she’s not coming as she’s preparing another protest with a few of her… uh, not exactly friends since she doesn’t have that many? Fellow protestors, maybe?
“They WHAT?!” Harry and Peter shout out.
“That’s alright, pal!” he says. After the two give each other a slap on the shoulder, they pull back and get themselves inside. “You can take whatever you want from the tables.”
“I can go with that,” she says. It’s the smile that appears on her face that makes Peter melt a little bit on the inside.
“Yeah…” Yaël leaned against the door. This was going well!
Okay, so Steve had just been extremely tired this whole time. “Why don’t you come over to sleep in my bed tonight?”
That thought, in turn, made him realize that he hasn’t only forgotten the box at home, but the pills in general as well. For the past week, none of the white pearls have been taken. And Peter feels the effect immediately.
There’s a silence after that that goes on until long after they finish their coffee. Still, eventually Tony takes the cup from Steve’s hand, and puts it aside on the nightstand. When he turns back, Steve is already standing, turned towards Tony with that grateful look on his face.
Tony glared at the ceiling, even though she’s not there but in his ear instead.
“We’ll have to put him on the transplant list then as soon as it’s clear he’ll need one,” she says sadly. “I’ll come back later.”
Peter walks up to him, reaches up for the glasses and pulls them away from Tony’s face, seeing the nervous eyes underneath them.
Michelle doesn’t seem happy. He can’t hear what she’s saying – and he’s not able to use Karen’s tricks to listen in again, thanks Dad – but he can see on her face that she’s angry in a way. Then, without warning, she stands up, pushing the table aside and starts walking.
The way to the shelter is short. They already know them, recognizing them the moment they arrive. The services that are handing out food are always glad to see them. Without needing any prompting, the two just grab an apron and take place behind the table to serve along some soup. It’s just what they do.
"Or you could be honest about your own pain."
He tries to shake the memory off. Going for his workbench, he takes out the mask to turn it inside out. Then, having inherited his father’s brain, he gets to work.
Charles never answered Scott, probably because it was none of his business. That and Yaël didn’t really want to talk about it. She was annoyed for an extremely stupid reason. Before she had left Peter’s apartment he had promised her to keep her up to date, text her whenever something happened, make time to get together…
That, or he’s pretending again. Nobody knows with him.
Once they’re sure they’re alone Tony heads back down. He removes the suit soundlessly, though is extremely aware that Mary is staring at him with wide eyes.
Okay, so, whatever. Peter Parker is a sixteen years old boy who can climb and stick to walls. Yaël surely didn’t saw that coming, but that was the least of her worries at that moment. She focused back on Wade.
“Peter we are not finished talking!” Tony calls out. Peter huffs out an annoyed laugh.
- emotional talk
“Time travel,” Tony whispers out.
Everything that makes Peter
“No! I’m not calming down! The only reason you’re not freaking out is because you were too busy with Otto’s wife to realize Peter had been knocked out to the point where he wouldn’t
“Let’s just go home, Tony.”
the business with the accords are done.
“Not now, Cat,” he warns her.
He can’t do that, of course. It’s just his annoying mood giving him plans he can’t follow through.
The interviewing continues. And when LL asks Steve why he chose that song, and Steve explains that he only chose something that reflected on his feelings for Tony, the engineer feels about close to tearing up. He holds himself back, though, when the urge to kiss him comes right back up.
“It looks great, but it’s almost nothing like how it used to be,” he states. Peter figures that the biggest building in front of them must be the royal palace. It’s strange, knowing that Thor lives there, being the King of this little… city? Country? What exactly is Asgard even? Isn’t it too small to call it a Kingdom? How does the rest of Norway even think about this?
“I think it’s amazing,” she answered with a smile.
“NO!” Yaël yelled, but Nilla didn’t stop moving. Just a few seconds, and she’d be gone, going after Yaël’s new family.
“Whoa, I’m sorry, Peter, I didn’t see you there,” Liz Toomes says. Peter takes a step back to look at the damage he’s caused her, happy to see that she isn’t injured from colliding with his hard head.
Two hands cupped her face, thumbs softly caress her cheeks. She remembered those hands for every time she started stressing out over whatever the heck it was them two had. She remembered what it felt like to feel his chilly hugs, the fierce fights, but always crawling back to each other. They had never been what people would call a ‘
But Yaël didn’t want Peter’s pity. Hell, she just wanted to be gone from here.
“Yeah, I’m fine. You’re just heavy,” he gets out.
As it turns out, ‘thinking it over’ is mostly just Rhodey and Sam arguing about it while Steve is on the couch, reading the accords in that super-speed tempo of his. And as the argument lasts for almost twenty minutes, Tony finds himself lying back on the couch with his hand covering his face.
Mr. Stark says before hanging up again. Peter’s mouth falls open as the phone still hangs next to his ear.
“No, we still need to dance!” Yaël grabbed Steve’s waist. Steve tried to gently push her back.
“Shut up, you’re one of them, you annoyingly wonderful and pleasant woman, you.” She crossed her arms and pouted, mature as usual. She really, really, really just wanted to go back to earth and stop grumbling around from being stuck on a spaceship.
Tony shakes his head, a bit sad that his friend thinks so lowly about himself. “You sell yourself short, man. I’m sure she adores you.”
“Other than constantly suing us for destruction of your property and slandering the entire organization? The constant boycotting and insulting? Nothing much, really.”
Besides, he’s got stuff that needs to be done.
The thing that has changed now, is Tony Stark himself.
Okay, yes, he was the one and only Spider-Man, which isn’t normal at all, but he was also just a normal teenager with normal problems. He wasn’t arrogant for being some kind of superhero, or for being over-intellectual.
Tony storms through the crowd as well. Even attempting to fly again, his left boot valiantly sputters out a little bit before failing. It helps him forward at least a little bit. He’s getting closer, and closer. Steve has reached
“Of course not, you’re just easy to find sugar,” Cat says with a wide smirk, coming to sit down on the ground next to him, close enough that her thigh presses up against his. Peter doesn’t move from his spot on the ground, but with the sun in his eyes he has trouble seeing the girl on his left. Through the beams of sunlight, he can see her binding her hair together, moving in such a graceful way that for a moment he wonders if she’s ever been a ballerina in the past.
“Cool hair!” Yaël grinned.
“Huh, you sound surprised I’d even ask that,” the Cat returns. “That must mean you’re still young, which isn’t that surprising given the fact that you just sounded like a girl on a rollercoaster.”
It took another few minutes before Yaël started talking about Raido, because he was the one who disturbed her the most. The other people she saw, didn’t freak her out as much as Raido did. Her dad’s death was what it was, there was nothing more about that and Lopt… Well, Yaël told X about Lopt too, since he felt like a big question-mark. She heard the ‘floor’ under her crack, like the black material under her was actually made of stone and getting ripped open.
“I need to make a call,” he lies, holding up his phone. “Don’t worry, I’m not leaving, I have to take that idiot home.”
“I sure hope you’re not intending on letting him stay at the tower?” Tony asks, trying not to sound too annoyed. Steve just laughs, putting his hands on Tony’s shoulders and looking him straight in to his eyes.
Rhodey says.
“Not at all?” Peter says, raising his hands in an innocent gesture. He’s only planning on getting to the Penthouse and try and coax Mr. Stark in open the door, that’s all.
“Of course he’ll be there!” Ned answers for him. Before Peter can even deny that, Liz smiles happily.
In return, Steve flicks a pillow over Tony’s head.
He’s aware of the others looking at him in a worry. He knows they’re shocked at his sudden lack of hearing them. But Peter can’t think about that. Everybody’s alive. Venom’s gone. Peter’s fine.
“Right.”
“Ah, he better not be wooing my little cousin there,” he jokes. Susan chuckles. Reed finally looks up from his phone and blinks as if he hadn’t realized Tony’s standing there.
Peter stands still, looking at Felicia with his mouth fallen open, blinking in disbelief.
“I thought you couldn’t get up?” Steve asked while carrying Tony bridal style, a giant smirk on his face.
Peter looks up into the ceiling, keeping himself from sighing as well. He’s been over this a million times already, and he’s a bit tired of having to repeat it all the time.
Peter nods, holding up his arms as suddenly two children are put into his arms. The kids really look alike, though there’s an obvious age difference between the two of them.
“How did you even know we needed a cab?” Yaël asked, it reminded her of that one time Wade texted her an answer to a question she hadn’t even asked yet.
Oh crap. His suit. Is still on.
“Yeah, well… I don’t know, guess it hasn’t really gotten through yet,” Tony says. He’s immensely aware of what exactly has changed in his life now. Mary
“Don’t you touch me, Parker,” she hisses at him.
He tries to keep calm, not to let it show, but she seems to realize that there’s something wrong. She frowns at him, about ready to open her mouth and ask.
Tony growls, running up to Strange and pushing him against the wall with all the force he can manage. Strange doesn’t seem bothered at all.
“You seem a little defensive?” Tony says, trying to lighten the mood a little bit. Steve takes a few steps forward as well, keeping his shield in front of him. Tony is almost feeling insulted that Steve would think he would just attack him like that.
“I know, it sucks, but if there are some… unspoken feelings… we may need to just, you know, put it out there.”
“It’s nothing to worry about,” Peter assures him. “So the mission’s over?”
Peter’s eyes open up wide, looking back up at the man that is his father, standing in front of him. He doesn’t know if he can do what Mr. Stark is expecting of him; he has no idea how repulsor energy works, after all. Sure, he’s able to get a grasp on any technology he comes across with if he puts a bit of effort in it, but in a matter of minutes? Peter’s not sure he can manage that…
“Oh, and that eye color thing is something I can’t control,” Yaël said as she remembered Wade’s earlier question “It depends on what element I’m using. When I’m handling something from the category earth, they turn green. With air, they turn grey. Fire makes them brown and water-“
“What do want me to learn those kids? Math? I can only do basic counting, the stuff you need to pay the bills and go to the store. Languages? My English sounds like I’m from gods-knows-where and I don’t think there are many kids here who want to learn Norwegian or Sil. I’m not a professor or scientist, Charles. Hell, I even never went to school.”
“That
Only once Tony’s vision is cleared again does he notice the carnage around him. His whole office is a mess; his desk is tipped over. His chair looks like it was thrown through the room. A few glasses are shattered on the floor, and so is a, what used to be, full bottle of scotch. The amber liquid is now lying in a puddle and sinking into the wooden floors.
“Do. You. Love. Steve?”
“Luckily, no, but we both know that’s how he dealt with his problems in the past now, don’t we?” Pepper returns. Peter clears his throat and looks down at the floor. He figures she might have a point in giving him a talking to. As long as nobody tells May about this, he figures he can deal with Pepper’s speech.
Wow, Peter wouldn’t have expected that.
mini-you walking around’ and one more ‘just freaking tell the kid, Tony. It’s not like he doesn’t already know’. Tony needs a second person to confirm this course of action, and calling Pepper is not a good idea.
“You know what? I’ll carry my own stuff,” the girl then says, throwing her grappling hook towards the box and pulling it up as if she’s wearing it like a backpack. Right when Peter moves up to stop her, her foot lands into his stomach, throwing him back into a blackboard. A few papers fall down to the ground.
“Hey, buddy, you’re with me?” he asks. Bruce holds up a hand to silence him, and Tony realizes with a bit of dread that the veins in his hands are looking a bit green. Bruce grunts out painfully, storming out of the room with Tony right behind him. He guides him to a secluded meeting room, where Bruce goes to press his head against the wall while he lets out a few painful screams.
Yaël only shook her head to reply.
Peter and May nod, and then Dr. Palmer walks away. May squeezes Peter’s shoulder and kisses him on the forehead before walking back to her work. Peter balls his hands into fists before walking back into the room.
Besides, he got to keep the suit, after all.
Besides, Annie seems to like Riri’s version of Ironheart a lot.
“Wow, he must really be angry, then,” Tony mutters. He reaches out his hand towards the phone and takes it in his hand. Checking the time, he sees that it’s only nine in the evening, but probably past visiting hours. There are another few missed calls on the screen, all of them of Steve – of course, since nobody else has this number. Tony sighs, closes his eyes and puts the phone against his chest.
“I know… got thrown into the mud,” he explains. Tony feels the corners of his lips go up, and then he blinks a few more times before turning back to the hallway that leads to his room. He has no doubt that Steve would follow him once he’s washed up.
you already?”
“You know, you’re going to regret saying that eventually,” Tony teases him. He puts his hands on Steve’s hips, pulling him closer again, startling Steve in the process. The two chuckle.
“I, uh,” Peter starts.
“I know how you got lost last time, so I figured I could just bring you there, instead,” she says, but the look in her eyes make clear that she means a bit more with that. She’s here to offer him support, he figures. She knows he’s having a hard time – probably because she read his mind before knowing it was him – and figured it out.
He presses down the button without any further hesitation. And it’s just in a flash that it starts raining. It’s completely dark outside now, drops falling down on him. There are a few cars driving behind him, and a couple of people walking on the sidewalk. When they see him, they don’t spare him a second glance. That’s probably the first time somebody hasn’t recognized him while he’s lacking any disguise.
“No, no, no, no, it’s was much earlier than that,” Tony mutters out. He’s still rubbing his eyes, isn’t he? He should stop that. “Listen, honey, don’t worry. I’m fine, alright? I’ll be back home in no time.”
“That looks good,” Tony says with a smile. He’s surprised when the man suddenly startles. The drawing pad flies out of his lap and drops onto the ground. The cup of water he’d been using to wet his brush tips over. “Shit, I didn’t mean to startle you!”
Shit. He can’t be serious, right?
“The spiders… I don’t know anything about them. What did they use to alter them? What did their formula exist out of?”
“Uh, it’s past four in the afternoon?” Peter remarked. Yaël gave the coffee-machine a little loving tap for giving her the warm drink. Then Peter’s words sunk in.
“Now, don’t feel guilty,” X said while pulling her in a sideway hug. “I understand why you leave.”
With the way he’s internally freaking out, this is the exact moment he would have taken to just go at Gwen’s place and chill out for a bit. Of course, he can’t go to her anymore, but Peter quickly remembers that he has friends now.
He raises his hand, and Ned and Harry respond in a high five. It’s not really that he’s going to help them to study for the test, but he’ll probably just ask Tony or Bruce to fill in for him. They like to teach, after all.
“Anything from Steve?” he still tries, not believing that Steve wouldn’t have sent him anything.
“Yeah, uh… I should probably just go to bed,” he mutters. “It’s been a long couple of days.”
But he’s also in love with her boyfriend. Which is why it’s difficult not to hate him at least a little bit.
“You know, saying Dad can’t keep it down, followed by the suggestion that there’s leftovers? Not really the best combination,” Peter jokes, walking towards Steve and leaning on the counter. Steve blinks for a bit before laughing;
“You better watch your language, son,” Steve says, pointing the gun against. Peter lets out a small shout and starts running, getting himself away from the ‘danger’. Steve just laughs before he goes in pursuit.
“What?! You have separate compartments?! Man, that Grandmaster was a sexist.” Yaël knocked on a door and pulled it open when nobody answered. With some fiddling to hold the door open while steering the wheelchair, she finally managed to get herself in her compartment.
“Old man.”
Well, that had never been a problem before last night… But she didn’t know how Loki would react if he knew this. Knowing him, he’d act like it was nothing, like it was her life, because she knew she wasn’t the only one he had slept with while caring for each other. But unlike Yaël, Loki was secretly jealous, though he always tried to hide it. So God knows how he would react, she hadn’t seen him in ages…
Peter realizes that he doesn’t have a Christmas present for Tony. Luckily, he has a lot of people he can ask for help!
Just a quick thing I had in my mind. I indicated in Something About Peter that Peter might not be so extremely comfortable around the idea of sex, and in combination with his lost memories of him and Felicia, Peter's not really dealing with it well. I think Natasha will gladly take on the roll of aunty-spider and help her little nephew through his crisis!
“Two of us?” he asks. Rhodey nods, looking smug for a moment. Nothing happens, and Peter just raises his eyebrow while he waits. Rhodey clears his throat, coughing into his hand. About ten seconds later, the doorbell rings.
“Don’t do that,” Steve whispers out. The three in front of them continue walking, not noticing that they’ve stopped. “Things aren’t alright. It was a stupid question, I realize it. But… what’s on your mind?”
“The spider that bit Peter… it was radioactive,” Bruce says. Tony understands now why he was brought along with this. “With the way its venom merged with Peter’s DNA over the past few years… it makes the radioactive poisoning rather severe.”
“Because… the real Tony – or, the Tony
“You know I’m not,” Steve mutters out. Tony smiles.
Yaël rubbed her eye and sighed. “What great news,” she answered sarcastically. “Can I go to sleep now?” The woman rolled her eyes and walked out, locking Yaël up once again.
“Whoa, where are we?” he asks in fascination.
“Is there a new plan to kill the bastard?” he asks with a low, menacing voice that even surprises Tony. Steve, turning into a blood cold killer? Thanos
the compound. This is a completely strange environment, and everything inside of him tells him he shouldn’t be here.
“Yeah, uh, just… stay away from the big guys now, huh? At least until we’ve tweaked the accords enough,” Tony warns him. Peter nods, not planning on going after the big cases for a while. He gives Tony another strong hug, and then pulls away with a smile.
“So, uh… just babies in particular? Or children in general?” he tries for clarification. Steve shakes his head in return.
“Tony, he’s probably long gone by now,” Steve adds. Tony shakes his head.
“They said I was ready! I’ve been in therapy for months, Peter! I’m doing better, I just need some people that aren’t scientists to talk with once in a while!” Harry hisses back. When the teacher turns to look at them, the two pretend that they’ve never spoken a word to each other in all their lives.
As it is, the current team consists of Carol, Vision, Clint and Kate, Scott and Hope, Peter (whenever he’s nearby) and Harry – that last one being much to everybody’s surprise back when the kid revealed that he wanted to join.
“Go to the interview! I’ll see you in the lobby after I get Wade out of there!” Yaël gave him a gentle push against his back. His clothes were all messed up and his suit was showing a bit, Yaël noticed. So she did what she could to make him look more…well, less scrambled. She sleeked his shirt and buttoned his collar back up. Peter thanked her and ran off, trying to get to his interview on time.
“Uh, yeah, at the shelter,” He counters. “So how was your trip?”
“Of course, dear husband of mine.”
“What did she do?”
“I lo- I love-“ Tony can’t finish his sentence, as a loud gasp escapes his mouth instead. He’s reached his peak, that much Steve knows. Steve presses his nose against Tony’s neck and decides to just let go. After this they can sleep. Tony has been tired often, lately.
“You aren’t anymore. But in my world, you are. You live together, you love each other. You’re a family, you have a son together,” Peter says. He’s not going to specify that
“He made my phone explode with his stupid upgrades!” he then defends himself, getting back into his room and shutting the door again. Peter turns to Bruce, who rolls his eyes but smiles affectionately. Then he bumps at Peter and nods back into the hallway.
“Listen, if this is about what happened earlier; people were getting hurt, I couldn’t just stand by and do nothing ab-“ Peter starts.
Ever since learning that Harry has been confined somewhere in the compound, treated for his illness by the Avenger’s best scientists, Peter has been walking with his head in the cloud. That feeling lasted for a week, before he’d been starting to ask questions on why he hasn’t heard anything from it again.
The knocks on the door are heavy, though still not too loud. He notices the doorbell on the side, but he decides not to ring that one just yet. After all, Peter must be around five here, and he’s probably fast asleep. His stomach tingles at the idea that his son is here, a child he never got to meet.
The two look at it, but soon enough, Tony turns his attention towards Steve, seeing the other man’s reaction to it.
“Stop acting so innocent! You’ve been running away the entire evening and I’m tired of it! Just give it up Venom,” the girl says angrily. Once again, Peter ducks away from her attack, keeping his hands up to indicate that he’s not going to fight back.
he answers – or at least he thinks he does.
Then she’s gone, and the rest of the Avengers are left standing there with their mouths open. Nobody manages to speak. The silence is a bit awkward, and is easily broken when the door behind Peter opens up, revealing Tony holding a tablet in his hands. When he looks up and sees everybody just standing there, he raises an eyebrow.
Afterwards she kind of regretted it, because being mature was her only chance to get out of her sickening apartment…oh, and because Fury gave her even less money after that. Great…
“Uh, where are you taking us?” Peter asks. He gets no answer. He hurries after Bruce until he’s walking right next to him, and then they come in a open room with a large window. There are a few seats there, and Strange takes place on one of them. Wong just comes to stand at the window, looking outside.
“Uh, yeah,” he says with a mouth full. Then he chews and swallows before continuing. “Apparently the Spider-Venom burned it away before attacking my body. The combination of the Goblin Suit healing-systems took care of it. You know, aside from frying my brains completely.” Harry shrugs. Peter just looks at him, taking in the small scars on his cheeks, the only proof of what happened to him other than how skinny he’s become.
“Dad-“ Peter tries. Tony shakes his head.
“The fuck, dude?” Peter says before he can think better of it. Too bad for him, his boss had just been passing by behind him and, of course, heard the words come out of his mouth.
Peter, who is really taking his chances by taking cases he shouldn’t be taking. If he keeps on pursuing these weapons… Tony doesn’t want him involved with this. Not at all.
That’s cheating! She wanted to yell, but she couldn’t. As she rolled onto her back, her eyes crossed the VIP section and saw Loki looking at her. He was probably enjoying this sight. She could only stare at him.The shock disappeared as quickly as it had begun. Yaël saw some light flicker in the corner of her eye. She rapidly jumped up before the purple guy could stab her, still, he managed to make a deep cut in her forehead. When she touched the wound, she felt the warm blood dripping over her fingers.
“I am not angry, nor disappointed,” the king says. “I can really understand why you would want to go, but I’m just afraid I cannot allow that. I hope you understand why, Steven?”
“Not really, she seems somewhat in shock.” Then Sharon’s phone goes off again. A sigh comes from both of them as Tony closes the file again and locks the tablet once more. “Carter here.”
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis - Same Love
“Crazy is relative,” she says calmly, kneeling back down until she’s seated almost like a cat keeping watch. When she turns her head to the side, there’s still a grin on her lips. “So, what’s your name?”
He catches a quick look from Steve, finding the man pressing a hand against his face, barely daring to look up. Good, take that, you punk.
“Alright, but don’t get me in trouble!” Peter returns. Harry snorts.
“Okay, what’s that to do with us?” Tony asks. Steve shakes his head.
help you with the rent of the house but the only problem here is now that I have to choose which internship I’ll try for because I can’t decide between Electrical Engineering at Stark’s or Biochemistry at Oscorp and I need your help because what do you think will be better for me?”
Tony smiles, taking it from his son’s hands with a thankful nod. With his hands now freed from both their grasps, it’s easier to move around again. But, before he can turn the tablet on, he drops it on his legs, pulls down the blanket and takes a good look at his stomach.
He remembers.
Yaël almost jumped up. She hadn’t noticed there had been sitting some kind of living rock next to her this whole time. “My name is Korg, I’m kind of the leader in here and I’m made of rocks, like you can see... But don’t let that intimidate you! Oh, and this is my friend Miek, he has knives for hands,” the rock, Korg, said, not sounding intimidating at all, while pointing at a small purple creature he was holding, oblivious to Yaël’s shock.
"And in my dreams I meet the ghosts of all the people who've come and gone.
“No problem, honeybums, are you sure you’re alright?”
“What, then? That fear that you’re an abuser? Newsflash, Tony! You aren’t!”
“But the real reason I don’t like him isn’t actually that… That was your mother’s problem,” Aunt May admits. She starts walking again, this time not looking Peter in the eyes.
There’s nothing much that she’s talking about. It’s mostly formulas and drawings, a text about how Mr. Stark accepted her request for research and offered to help her with it. There doesn’t seem anything weird about it; it’s mostly the equations of whatever formula she seems to have decided to use. Peter’s a bit confused as to why exactly it is that Mr. Stark is involved seeing as it was not really his area of expertise, but back then the guy still made weapons. Those must have been developed with the help of some scientists, right?
“No! Go away!” she screamed hysterically. But his voice changed, it wasn’t Raido anymore who was yelling at her, yet Yaël didn’t dare to open her eyes. Someone picked her up and carried her somewhere. That’s when she grabbed all her strength to look up, which she could only do for a split-second. But that was enough to immediately recognize the jawline of the man who was carrying her.
Tony pulls out of Steve’s grip and tries to turn around, get into a seating position. He needs to get out of here, needs to go home, somewhere… Peter! Peter can keep him grounded. Peter can make sure that he won’t do anything stupid.
They don’t see her when they leave. Peter should just remind himself to call her later. Just like always… That’s just exactly what went wrong in the first place, wasn’t it? The postponing? And then when she actually speaks out her mind, Peter can’t remember a thing and they’ve ended up in bed together somehow. At least it’s best that
So, he came to the party wearing his suit? He’s been hoping for a reason to get away, and some Spider-Man action is just about the right thing.
“C’mon, lovebirds, we’re heading out,” Rhodey tells them. Not needing more prompting, MJ gets up from the couch and follows Rhodey out. Peter leaves a quick note for Johnny before closing the door behind him. Then he casts one more look at his bedroom, wondering if he’s right in leaving the suit here.
“MJ, hi!” Peter greets her the moment he’s opened the door. MJ turns around in surprise. Her dark eyes are open wide and her mouth is slightly dropped. When she sees Peter standing there, she gives him an awkward smile.
“Yeah, she keeps trying to set her cell on fire. But the thing is made of the same materials that were used to lock you back then, so she simply can’t get out and only hurts herself with her aggression.”
To distract herself a bit from her frustrations against Fury, Yaël took her phone back and went on the Wi-fi of the hotel next to the apartment-building. She researched about rosin for her bow and checked the prices for a new cello again. She had already done that a few times and every time she was disappointed again in how pricey these instruments were.
Steve asks. Peter shakes his head, despite the fact that Steve can’t see it.
“Buck, don’t-“
“Tell me, why are you running?”
dark circles under his eyes. He looks pale, his eyes red. He’s the perfect description of a sleep-deprived person!
“I can have at least a
Peter doesn’t ask questions when Steve doesn’t come to sit with them. The pair have had fights before. Small ones, but also big, nasty ones. In a way, it's actually surprising that they can stay together after all that shouting all the time, though Peter is glad they are, because despite that they're good for each other. Tony and Peter have taken place somewhere on the second row. On the first row, Peter can see Sam, with one empty seat next to him. He supposes that’s where Steve’ll be, though Peter has no idea where he is.
“That’s horrible!” Peter shook his head.
I’m fine, but Dad isn’t!”
“She’s feisty, isn’t she?” Harry jokes. Peter can’t find it in himself to chuckle.
“Strange wouldn’t help, right?” Peter asks the moment they’re alone. Tony clears his throat.
“My best friend is paralyzed. My ex-girlfriend had to come and help with the PR since all we got for a while was bad press. My son keeps on ditching detention or almost getting himself killed. And then there’s the fact that the government had me take Spidey’s suit away because he was being too reckless.
Once it’s finished, he takes the two mugs and makes his way to the couches.
“What did you eat?” MJ asks in worry. Peter shrugs.
“Tony, are you listening?” the familiar voice of Steve Rogers asks, and Tony then opens his eyes to look straight into the Captain’s blue ones. There are hands slapping his face to wake him up; do those belong to Cap? Or is there someone else here? What’s going on?
“What happened?” Yaël asked, trying her best to keep her voice stable and her face emotionless.
Once the cab arrives at Stark Tower, Peter hands the driver the money – too much, and he’s not even bothering to stay to get his change back – and jumps out of the car. Whistling a happy tune, Peter walks up to Stark Tower with his hands in his pockets and a smile on his face. When he comes across Francis, he waves at him.
“Of course,” he says. Nakia, too, comes to shake his hand. Okoye, ever the warrior she is, only nods from where she’s standing. Just for one short second, her attention is gone from the king to him, only to revert back to its normal settings right after that. Tony doesn’t take insult.
Harry has his eyebrows raised, obviously surprised at Peter’s admission. To be fair, it sounds like the exact opposite of his entire personality!
“Hold tight, we’re gonna crash!” Peter warns Yaël, who nods at him and holds herself tightly to whatever she can grab. Peter, with his quick reflexes, still manages to put on his seatbelt as they’re flying in the air. Through his window, Peter can see how they’re right above the old lady, who seems unbothered about it all.
the son they have. It’s never been official either, but it’s just… always kind of been like this. “But in my world, you two had help to get back together. My help.”
“Wait!” Peter suddenly calls out. The nurses stop walking, and Peter tries to gesture for Tony to come closer. He does, getting himself next to Peter and taking his waving hands into his own.
FRIDAY says.
“Yes, they should have brought everybody together instead of going door by door,” she agrees. “Reed immediately signed, and so did Ben. Johnny and I didn’t.”
“Holy crap, Peter, you’re in deep shit here,
George Stacey must still be rubbing off on them.
“I’m staying out of this crap,” she tells them all, making her way out of the common room, giving Vision a subtle nod that he, too, needs to head out.
“I’m here with a message from the Grandmaster,” the woman went straight to the point.
Then he remembers that Steve came in, though when he looks up there’s no Steve to be seen. Of course, Tony knows about what happened in Lagos – the whole world knows by now. It’s bad press, but it’s also exactly what makes Tony’s point.
“We can’t keep on using that Infinity Stone,” Peter returns. He scrapes his throat, sniffs through his nose one last time, and stands up straight. “I need to go, now.”
It aches, to see his boy like this. Peter, the usual cheerful and happy boy, is now so down and broken. Whenever he’s not crying, he’s shouting and blaming himself for anything that’s happened. When he manages to sleep, it’s not long until he’s awakened by nightmares. When they get him to eat something, he’s almost lifeless and pale as he sits at the table.
Mary brought up the divorce papers a little bit after Natalee was born. Tony always refused.
“Damnit, Steve, forget about it, alright?! All that matters now is keeping Peter alive!”
Exactly then, somebody puts his hand on Peter’s shoulder. That causes a reaction inside the boy, who ducks down while grabbing the person by the wrist, turning it around in a hold that must be painful. When he turns around to look the person in his face, he quickly comes to see that it’s one of the other interns with a pained look in his face.
“TO ME IT DIDN’T SEEM LIKE IT!” Without realizing it, Tony gives Steve a shove on the chest. “Do you
“Tony-“ Steve starts. Tony shakes his head.
- wounds, surgery
Kalkoenvsneoklak and Caspinn
“FRI, can you pass the message about the stolen things to Dr. Octavius, tell him the team is working on catching the thief?”
“Love you, too,” he mumbles before drinking, eyes squinting shut as he takes in the bad taste of the medication.
"You're an ass, you know that?" Steve mutters out.
MJ gives him an intense look before nodding. She stands up, her knees cracking at the movement. Then she starts running towards the door that leads to the stairs for the rooftop. Before she gets to the handle, she turns back towards him.
of the Avengers,” Ned starts, but Peter quickly interrupts him to say that that’s not true, “but you’re also the secret and only heir to Stark Industries?”
in my power to make sure that he can keep himself safe from danger. Only now I see I’ll have to do that alone…”
“This supposed father of yours; will you tell him of your Super-hero alter ego?” she asks in curiosity. Peter huffs, regretting it immediately when she slaps him lightly on the shoulder to keep him still.
, you suddenly start crushing on Michelle Jones of all people?” Peter asks with a frown. Harry punches him in the arm without looking to the side, only watching to where MJ disappeared to.
“Surprised. A bit shocked. And at the same time also extremely proud in a way?” Steve admits. Peter smiles happily. “I mean, it’s probably for the best that you went last. I don’t think any of us would have dared to go after this…”
Though Sam did, and he’s giving Peter a thumb’s up.
“Let’s get you home, like I promised,” the man said as he took her hand.
There are still worries, just a little less now.
Tony stands still for a moment, staring at his slumbering partner in the bed. He blinks a few times, wondering if this is what’s on Steve’s mind most of the time.
Tony thinks for a second, trying to find the best way to say this.
The next indication that proves that he’s been out of it for probably a few hours is the sudden addition of another voice Peter quickly recognizes as Steve’s. If his body wouldn’t have felt like Thor’s hammer had been put on top of it, he would have jumped up from the surprise.When did Steve return?
Yet, she didn’t think about it for too long as she immediately started dehydrating the first few guards. They started shooting around in panic as they felt something was changing in their bodies, and accidentally killed a few of their colleagues. No problem, less work for Yaël. She quickly ducked away as a few of the laser-shot flew into her direction.
, in case you’ve missed the biology lessons when you were kids?”
Peter’s somewhere around here, dancing with Shuri. Steve caught it in the corner of his eyes. It was rather fun to watch the kid with his friend. The smile on his face had warmed Steve’s heart, and he’s sure Tony must have felt the same way.
. Crap, Tony shouldn’t have signed. None of them should have. They should just have all come together and discussed the best course of action. Maybe they still can…
Who were these two people? Who the heck was Stark? As she thought about that, everything went blurry. She rubbed her eyes and when she opened them again, she was suddenly sitting in her sofa again, with professor X right in front of her. This was so confusing.
“Am I wrong or is wanting to die a very disconcerting wish?” Did Charles not get this? Even though Wade couldn’t die, it was still an unhealthy thought.
“MJ called me. She asked if you were still alive since your phone seems to be turned off. For two days already.”
It was Steve, not Raido, who put her back into her bed.
- Peter tries his best, but he doesn't succeed
She greets her co-workers, glad to see everybody again. Sure, the past year has been strange with her mostly disappearing to Norway or Wakanda or many other places. Now that all that crazy stuff is finally over, she finds it’s easy to get back to the normality in life.
“Not really. I’m tired of being angry, you know. I just- it’s not like I’ve got many friends to begin with. It would be stupid of me to push the ones I have away to begin with.” It didn’t matter anymore that she didn’t see or hear Peter that much. What mattered was that she was there for him, and he would be there for her too, she was sure of that now. And even if he wasn’t, even if his busy mind lost her for a moment, that would be no shame, because he’d never mean it in a bad way, he’s just a bit occupied and blurry-minded like that. Yaël couldn’t help but smile out of the affection she felt for this guy. Well, she also smiled her own stupidity for ever being angry at him away.
“I’m starting to think you’re not the Avengers!” Peter bites out in between being smashed all the time. He’s starting to feel a bit nauseated, right now. With a quick trick, he incapacitates Cap, making the man drop down with another grunt. The weapon falls out of his hands, and Peter is back safely on his two feet.
“Because that thing inside you, it’s something we have to be careful with. Every infinity stone is different, but they’re all very powerful.” Charles echoing voice seemed to be the next hint.
So Pepper tells him she wants to talk. And Tony avoids coming to the tower until the very last moment.
“Well, uh… okay… so will you tell me the deal between you and my cousin, now? I mean, I know she was crushing on you pretty hard in my world, but that never really became a thing…?”
But this wasn’t her sister anymore, and that was not Yaël’s fault, she thought while putting the card against another reader. She stepped inside and looked at the girl in front of her who tilted her head. Nilla immediately smirked as she saw Yaël. Her hair was tangled and there were dark circles under her eyes.
They talk some more about their specialties: there’s the Asgardian beer that’s hitting the market pretty soon, but also some delicious meals that chefs seem to be in love with. While the reportage goes on for a bit, there’s only a few short images showing Thor with Loki. Once or twice does Peter even see Yaël and her baby standing next to the trickster god. She’s been going and coming, agreeing that Raido needs Asgardian culture around him but also not wanting him to miss anything here in New York. Peter wonders what it must be, having a child with a Prince of a newly formed Kingdom.
“I’m starting to see he’s no longer listening to you,” he jokes out hesitantly. Yaël, too, laughs. After that she joins Wade, Wanda and Vision on the couch. Ned and Harry have found their spot behind the TV-screen, controllers in their hands as they start up a Mario Kart game. Peter is just about to get to them when he sees another figure arrive in the garden.
Yeah…
Well, no, last year Steve made her some dinner, which felt a bit like home but also totally not. Which was okay, memories shouldn’t be deliberately reconstructed.
“Guys! This is Brunnhilde! I thought I’d invite her since it’s her first Christmas ever,” Bruce says. He drops the bowl on the table, and Peter jumps up to greet the man. When he gets to the woman, he holds out his hand to shake. She gives it a confused look, turning back to Bruce. When he nods at her, she accepts the shake. Her hold is strong, surprising Peter.
It’s probably best he doesn’t hear what’s said next. With grim thought, Peter looks back down at his clock, finding that he’s been up here for at least an hour and half. He should get moving.
Tony isn’t sure what he’s feeling when he sees Steve put Peter into bed once again. Inside, his heart is melting in millions of ways because of the many emotions he’s having about this. His brain isn’t giving much input on how to react to it, neither.
“Natasha can take over just fine,” he responds. “She could even handle the shield in the meantime. I mean, even Buck or Sam could if they want to.”
“That’s not fair; you’re cheating!” Yaël shouts, pointing her empty laser gun towards Vision, who is just smirking at everybody. Peter stays on the side, still a bit breathless from all the running around.
job you offered me, if it’s still standing? At least for now,” Peter admits. Tony grins, and then pulls him back into a hug.
He comes to stand in front of the door, seeing that there’s no way to open it the normal way. A quick glance around makes him realize quickly that a code is needed to get in. Peter lets out a long breath as he leans forward a bit, trying to make out the numbers that have been pressed the most times.
“How are you feeling, Peter?” Dr. Cho asks. Peter makes himself cozy on the chair and clears his throat.
a kid! You only turned eighteen three months ago, Peter!” Tony’s face is now completely red. Steve seems to have given up on trying to calm him down.
“I don’t take too well at being ignored like that, Parker,” Flash repeats Peter’s thoughts, and it would almost have been comical. Peter sighs, but doesn’t fight against the grip. He should have known that the guy would start again the moment his bruises are gone. But Flash seems to forget that any normal person would still be hurting on their wound, so Peter pretends to hiss.
After she was sure she didn’t hear anything anymore, she started fiddling with the lock again. Of course it took a few times, since her air steering still wasn’t completely on point as the power still seemed to be doing whatever the fuck, whenever the fuck.
“We won’t make any noise,” Steve promises him before reaching up and kissing the breath out of Tony. For about ten seconds, the two make out on the couch, Tony’s hands lowering down to Steve’s hips and already teasing the pants down a bit.
Maybe she should just go, she even had no reason to be there and she’d meet Peter later that day anyway. Right after just thinking about standing up and leaving, Peter moved away from the grave, turned and suddenly looked her right in the eyes. For a second, his mouth fell open, but he corrected himself immediately, waved at her and started walking in the direction of the chapel Yaël was sitting in front of.
“Oh, Peter! Are you alright? Is everybody alright?”
“Can you use that override code of yours to get FRIDAY to send us back to the Compound?” he asks. Peter nods, instructing FRIDAY to do so, then, and receiving an affirmative. Then, after a short goodbye and a quick thanks, the two are off, the suit holding Mr. Stark inside and carrying Steve along for the flight. Peter watches them go until he can’t see them anymore.
Two years ago, Peter would never have thought he’d get here.
“Okay, the game is on. So what’s the plan?” May asks. Peter leans to the side.
“Tony, get the hell out of here!” he shouts. In his distraction, one of Peter’s arms frees itself and Bruce gets himself a fist in the face. The man takes a few steps back, pressing his fingers against his nose while bowing forward.
time since the accident with the pills that he’s been truly
“Thank you, Bruce! This is really amazing!” Peter says happily. They’re about to get out of Peter’s bedroom when another door suddenly flies open.
“You okay, Peter?”
“I gave you the offer to come back, Tony,” Steve admits. “You didn’t want to.”
But in between asking for a few of the personal questions – nobody reveals too much, of course – it’s Steve who steals the spotlight when he announces right then on the spot that he’s in a relationship with Tony.
“Just, make sure you guys don’t get possessed instead,” Peter urges through gritted teeth. Talking demands a lot of his attention. He’s not even aware of his own hand going up towards Steve, only realizing it when Steve lets out a painful grunt. Looking at his own fist in horror, Peter realizes he’s just punched him in the face.
“They’re just telling crap,” the boy mutters under his breath, and Peter suddenly finds himself snorting.
, yet all we seem to do lately is shout.”
Images of New York are shown; the Hulk causing rampage as he takes out a few chitauri. That’s when Rhodey looks away, turning his gaze to Natasha, who is still unmoving. After New York, there’s images of Washington, the helicariers. People drowning because of the flood created by the crashing ships. Now it’s Sam and Vision’s turn to look down.
“I was awesome, wasn’t I?” he asks. Peter rolls his eyes, and MJ laughs.
“Tony?” Steve asks again. Tony clears his throat and pulls his hand back before stepping away from the window again. He heads towards one of the panels in the walls and fishes up the remote controller from the desk to open it. Then, the panel opens up, revealing a new suit he’d worked on a while back.
“But, then why didn’t you tell me anything?” Peter asks in confusion. May sighs, putting her hands on her hips.
“Yeah, probably,” Peter mutters, feeling a strong wave of shame pass over him. He looks down at his hands, seeing his black suit surrounding him. Once again, the thought passes through him that this suit might be playing a big part in all of this. “Can you also ask him if he could look something over for me? And maybe Bruce as well?”
After the footsteps have disappeared, she pulls away from him again and goes to pick some things up from her bed. When he looks closer, he understands that it’s a key card.
“Don’t! I’m almost free! I’ll climb to the building and get to safety. Just get out of here or he’ll get you!”
“YOU!” James Barnes shouts angrily, running up to Tony with a murderous look on his face. Tony takes a few steps back, holding his hands up in the air to indicate that he doesn’t want to fight. It doesn’t seem to stop Barnes, who’s quickly chased by Natasha and Steve. “ARE YOU COMPLETELY STUPID?!”
“Don’t apologize,” Tony assures him. “We’ll just wait for Cho and she’ll get you in working condition, alright?”
Man, this Tony’s life must really suck… Tony
Within a blink of an eye, she didn’t even have the time to turn towards the door to yell for help, the ‘ball’ started bursting. Or was it her bones that were breaking?
The Grandmaster probably had called him or something. Somehow, Yaël felt a bit sorry for Loki, being some kind of pleasure-slave. But on the other hand, Yaël knew Loki as being promiscuous, so he’d probably be able to handle this.
They’re already waiting for him. The FBI must have warned them. The moment Tony enters the room, still in his Iron Man suit, everybody stops talking and turns to look at him, unimpressed. Only one man, Everett Ross, stands up with his hands behind his back.
“Peter, get inside,” Tony instructs Peter when the kid seems to hesitate a little while longer. Peter nods before hurrying into the car, taking a seat next to Tony. He claps his hands between his knees and waits for Happy to start driving. Tony still keeps his gaze away from the teenager next to him.
“I don’t care,” Steve assures him. “You can step on my toes however much you want, and it won’t make me love you any less.”
“Peter!” Tony calls out, and before Peter knows it he’s got his father’s arms wrapped around him. “It’s alright, son, I’m here.”
Shit! And now she woke up, next to a FREAKING TEENAGER. She should keep her shit together, he’d think she is unstable if she’d show him how she was feeling at that moment.
“Why would I do that?!” Yaël stumbled a bit as Wade helped her get up.
“Uh, sure, but your tablet is here?” Rhodey asks in confusion. Natasha then shakes her head at him.
“No.” And with that he put the card back into his pocket.
“I don’t mind doing it. As long as you’ll do your best to get through this.”
kind to him, knowing who he is despite the beard and the hair. Even some of the prisoners seem to adore him, talking about how he’s saved one of their family members or other things like that. They treat him right here, which can’t be said to the other prisoners.
It’s only hallway into the movie that Tony realizes Peter has fallen asleep, pizza not even half finished. Tony frowns, leaning a bit to the side to reach for Peter’s sleeping form. When he gently starts to shake his shoulders, Peter jumps up in surprise, looking disoriented. His skin is wet from sweating.
FRIDAY answers. Mr. Stark nods and then hands Peter his papers.
He shakes his head again.
- Tony makes some decisions.
“Great! I’m Mr. Stark’s assistant now kind of, so we really work together and stuff, how cool is that?”
Gwen nods in understanding. “I did some things with the suit that I regret doing as well. It’s out of your control, and that’s not your fault, Peter. I’m sure that, if you’ll explain, she’ll understand.”
- References to Thanos
“Come on! Don’t be mushy!” Clint complains. But to be honest, both Steve and Tony have been keeping themselves in for a while now. Keeping their physical touch to a minimum, only with the barest of touches, they’re actually behaving quite alright.
There’s silence while FRIDAY works. Tony leans forward on the desk, turning his head a bit to the side where he can see his phone lying there, untouched for at least three days already. Is there even still any battery left?
As she got out of the elevator, she started thinking about what way she had to go to find the man. Luckily, she heard voices coming from the right side of the hallway. Yaël simply followed the murmuring sound and stopped in front of a matted glass door.
“What happened?” The indignation turned into worry and Yaël could barely endure to look at her friend like this. But she bit through it.
“It’s after school,” Wolverine mutters, fishing out a cigar from somewhere in his jacket and putting it on regardless of being inside. “Kids are at home.”
Peter remembers vividly shooting out his web, seeing how it reaches her slowly, but not fast enough. She falls down more quickly than the web goes. But eventually, it does make contact, and Peter pulls up.
“And then he just- he just, like, swooped out like a monster and picked me up and I- he- he- flew me up to like a thousand feet and just dropped me!” Peter finishes the story. “How’d you find me? Did you put a tracker in my suit or something?”
“And we’re both here illegally,” Wanda mutters out. Yaël, who was sick of the conversation, put on a Harry Potter movie, just so everybody would shut up about it.
Peter lets go.
Tony stops the feed there, and Bruce, too, seems to have taken a step back.
Tony shrugs. “That’s a story for another time,” he says, clearing his throat. “Listen, Peter. I think there’s something I need you to know.”
“I even had a speech ready for when I scolded you, but I can’t remember if I did that already…” Yaël goes on. Peter doesn’t react at all anymore. Why is he suddenly feeling like crying? Or more, why is he suddenly feeling like he’s the biggest failure of them all? Even just one look at the girl in front of him gets him close to tears.
“Talking about that, you’ve been spending time with him, right? You ever met that mystery-kid of his? He and Captain America talked about it in this interview and everybody’s been wondering.”
Some sort of bridge sled out of the ship and fastened itself against the rainbow bridge. Loki greeted Asgard by saying:“Did you miss me? Everyone, on that ship, now!”while walking passed the people, towards the fight, followed by Yaël.
Tony asks, voice sounding metallic as always through the helmet.
“Hi,” Yaël huffed. “Uh, can you just please tell me where I am and how I get out again?” “Oh, you didn’t get the Grandmaster-intro? You must be low rated then.” Was she supposed to be insulted by that?
“Okay, what’s up with you guys? Why are you all gossiping like fourteen-year-old girls?” Natasha asks, putting her cup into the sink and leaving it there. Surely somebody will wash it.
“How fast do you think you can get your memories back when you’re stuck in a doghouse?” he asked.
“What about these two?” she asks before he’s into the hallway. Tony gives Sam and Clint a long look.
.” There’s a light, though sad, smile on her face. Tony’s heart suddenly skips a beat, suddenly afraid for what she’s clearly hesitating to say.
“Yeah, I’ve been, uh, sick…” she had answered. He had carefully nodded to that, like he had unraveled what she meant by that, faced forward again and kept walking.
- Vaguely sexual content (seriously, I'm not really good at writing it)
Peter salutes her in agreement, taking the note with the message for Tony from her and putting it on his desk. Then she straightens out her skirt and starts walking back out of the workshop. When she passes Dum-E, who is on his way back to Peter’s desk, she gives the bot a light kiss on the ‘head’.
This isn’t supposed to happen; Harry knows, Wanda knows, and if these two people now know as well, he’s truly the worst at keeping secrets, which is weird since it’s been working for years already. Why now, all of the sudden, does everybody find out?
It’s crap, anyway. Peter takes the note without reading it, and balls it up to throw it into the nearest trash. He’s already accepted the fact that he’ll have to repeat the year, so whatever. At least he’ll no longer be stuck with Flash as a classmate, then.
“I’m fine,” Peter say. “Just having a bit of trouble breathing, is all.”
“Do you really think Vision would fight back against Wanda? Anyway, where are you?” If he was around, she’d be able to pick him up and take him with her, if he wanted to.
Tony wants to say his name, but the words don’t come out. His mouth is too dry. Or is it that his mind is wiped?
“And what are you going to do, then? Lock us all up? That doesn’t help the problem,” Steve assures Tony, who looks like he’s at the verge of another panic attack. Peter can understand the reaction, and he’s glad that Steve’s there to calm him down a bit. Or try at it, at least.
Yes, it happened! Tony knows! I wanted to put the reveal at the end of the chapter, but at the same time it would become too long, so I put it in this one instead!
“What little guy?” he asks, but then he understands. He means the victims, the people that get to be in these crime-scenes and can’t do anything to protect themselves. “I mean, yeah?”
But he can’t just go and hand out money everywhere as Spider-Man. He doesn’t want that kind of press on his name.
“I’m three eras’ and Raido is two era’s, just like my sister, Nilla,” Yaël told Lopt. Wait, wait, wait, what? Yaël’s own brain just exploded. She isn’t twenty-four years old, she is at least a thousand years older. Wait, no…Yaël suddenly remembered something. She once counted her true age in years with a professor, who was he again? She could swear he was one of the persons she saw in the dream when she got kind of surrounded after breaking the cage. The one whose hair was turning grey-ish. What was his name again? She couldn’t remember. Maybe she could remember her true age? Oh, yes she remembered that, surely… she’s around the two-thousand years old. Holy-
Yaël expected to be smacked by a pile of falling glass so she bowed and put her arm in front of her face, but it never came. When she looked up, there was no glass, not even a splinter. It looked like there had never been a glass cage in the middle of the woods.
“Pete, you alright?” Tony asks. He drops his stuff and stands up.
Tony just calls him now to hear his voice again and again. He squeezes his fingers in his eyes, trying to hold back the new crying fit. He would blame the lack of effectivity of his medication, but antidepressants only take you one part of the way. Tony knew from the beginning that he would still feel episodes like these, and that they would pass eventually.
Steve doesn’t need to talk. He’s going to say it otherwise. And it’s really the last thing Tony needs to hear now. If he says it, Tony is going to break for real.
Tony shakes his head.
“Ah, daughter of- eh- how are you?” he grinned widely.
Twenty more minutes, the two men have been stuck in traffic. Following FRIDAY’s suggestions on multiple parking spaces, Tony finds somewhere to stop very close to their destination, which is where he heads to. Once the engine is shut down, Tony holds up his hand in a waiting gesture towards Steve, instructing him to stay into the car.
It wasn’t him… So that must mean…
have been the first time around.
It’s Eric Selvig who guides her forward. Jane’s dress is not bombastic, instead rather simple. But Bruce explained earlier that Norse weddings often put more attention to the hair rather than the clothing. They didn’t even always wear white.
JARVIS then informs him. Tony looks down at Dum-E, who is still poking him. Then, taking the bottle from him, he gives him a light pat on the head.
After what must be minutes, they pull apart at last. Steve just stares down at Tony with this longing look in his eyes. Tony is simply out of breath, trying with all his might to find something to joke about but unable to get any word out.
But it’s this twentieth journal that changes everything.
“How’s the world smartest idiot doing?” Rhodey asks.
MJ doesn’t talk to him. Well, she does, but she doesn’t actively seek him out. Whenever they see each other, she greets him. When Peter starts up a conversation, she doesn’t run off or curses him out. She’s friendly enough, which is probably all Peter could ask for.
“Just wait until you’ll see what the outfit for Peter will be,” Steve tells him. Tony smiles, putting down the gown and walking towards the bed. With his knees back on the bed, Tony leans down until his lips are against Steve’s. Steve reaches up his hand, putting them on his boyfriend’s hips and carefully holding on.
Peter groans when he stands back up. He needs something to drink, to clear his throat a little bit. He slowly limps towards the kitchenette. There he takes out a glass, which he fills with some water. Leaning against the counter, Peter slowly drinks it up, eyes rested on his cellphone in his hands.
But, to be fair, Peter never really looked it up on the internet. Self-diagnosing is the worst thing a person could do, after all.
His head aches, his stomach feels just as horrible. What exactly happened? He remembers going to the party with Johnny, but everything pretty much became a blur after that. There’s a slight memory of Felicia an Johnny dancing together. He remembers Flash telling him something – actually telling him instead of shouting it at him. Peter groans once more as he realizes his curtains are on the floor.
“Whom the fuck?” he tries as a joke.
Peter is aware that he’s been pulling his punches each time when it comes to facing him – except that one time in the bell tower; back then it had been real. But too often does Peter let his guard down around Harry. Probably because a part of him still hopes that the old Harry will return to him, that he will recognize him and get back to his old self long enough for them to figure out how to help him.
Around him, there are a few more kids, all of them looking equally bored. Peter doesn’t know them by name, only that they’ve been here more often than Peter has. Another sigh escapes his mouth as he flicks away another spit-ball that missed its target and ended up on his desk, instead.
Shit is going down in this chapter, and we're on for another ride. I'm sorry in advance, the nurse inside of me took over once again. But while the drama is there, the end is also slowly getting in sight!
the AI says. Peter shudders as he follows the blood, finding that it does, indeed, lead to the bathroom. He knocks once, but there’s no answer.
“My, my, it must be my birthday,” Tony says before walking towards the rails. When he takes a good look at it, he does notice the lines that show where the plates separate. If he can find the source of the signal that brings it up, he might be able to open the thing again.
Oh, how he thought he was on the winning side, but he was actually just pushing all the wrong buttons. Yaël softly scraped the tips of her toes over the gravel before she put her foot down and in a blink of an eye, Jason’s feet sunk a few inches in the stone and mud, which hardened around his ankles, so he wasn’t able to walk anymore.
Steve then asks teasingly. “
Tony starts to make his way to Otto, only to see his wife is doing the same thing. She grabs Otto’s shoulder, telling him something Tony can’t hear. Otto turns around, suddenly confused. He hadn’t realized what was going on. As he turns, something seems to hit him in the back, causing for him to lose his balance and fall forward on his face. He doesn’t move after that, his wife starting to shake him.
“You couldn’t have just walked up to him and do that without getting everybody’s attention on us?”
“Can I help you?” one of May’s colleagues asks. Peter takes a quick look around to see if his Aunt is here. When he spots her walking out of a patient’s room, he points towards her.
him for real, and one of them can go after Peter.
been together for quite a few years, after all. I don’t really know the details of their break-up, though.”
“Biochemistry,” he says proudly. “Though I’ve taken a few classes for electrical engineering as well. I like to combine things.”
Peter responds. He sounds extremely impatient, somehow.
important that the Secretary of State would want all of them to be here.
His screen is blank. He doesn’t see anything in front of him but what he would see normally. There’s no number, no coordinates. It’s as if the system has shut itself off completely, but at the same time the suit works even better than before.
“Show me what you got, pretty boy,” she calls him out. Peter shakes his shoulder loose.
“My ex,” she says. “Though he can’t really accept that fact yet.”
way that I’m making a flying toaster that delivers the toast to people’s plates,” Tony mutters out, rubbing his fingers over his forehead. “It’s a bad idea, which means a lot coming from the biggest source of bad ideas.”
As he looks at her, he gets some small flashes of them dancing together. It must be from the party at Flash’, he tells himself. It’s been clear to him that the girl has been showing some… interest, but so far, Peter hasn’t really given himself the luxury of thinking about it.
Peter takes a few seconds to take it in. It’s a vague description of what he’s read in his mother’s diaries, but he figures that it matches pretty much. He tries another taste from the hot chocolate, finding quickly that he enjoys the slight bitter taste.
FRIDAY answers, sounding a bit… pushy?
“Has she spoken yet?” he asks. Sharon shakes her head.
Instead he closes his eyes, opening up his mouth and grasping for breath.
“Come on! Can you just stop trying to kill me all the time?!” Deadpool shouts from where he crashed.
“Uh, renewed!” She felt like utter shit.
Yaël made pulling movements with her arms, her hands were formed into fists. As she kept moving, the rock rammed and smacked against the glass wall. It made a few cracks, but it went way to slow. Yaël had trouble with breathing from all the smoke.
kid.”
“You’re still talking,” Steve points out.  Tony presses his lips together.
“Who did you introduce yourself as?” Peter asks before Tony can even start with whatever he wants to talk about. Then Tony sees him slap his hand on his mouth, as if he’s embarrassed for slipping it out so carelessly.
The fourth criminal comes out with a bit of a delay, eventually followed by a fifth. Though the last one doesn’t seem to have his hands raised. Peter frowns, looking at the scene in close attention. A cold chill passes through him, and Wanda must have sensed it off him since she, too, gasps in surprise.
Ragnarok.” Yaël looked up
This is agony. Tony rolls his eyes when Sam brings up another argument against it. Even Vision coming in between them with his ‘equation’ doesn’t seem to help the argument, instead making it even worse when Steve finally engages in it as well.
“Dude, what happened to you?” Johnny asks. When Peter turns, he finds the boy seated on the couch, going through the channels with a bowl of popcorn on his lap.
“I-I’m sorry, this is Mr. Fury’s assistant…” Oh he did not…
“Come,” she says. Peter chuckles.
With that thought mostly on his mind, he starts making his way to his bedroom. By now, it’s been mostly decorated to make it feel more like his
be alone. You need somebody around you, for your own safety,” Steve adds. Tony rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
And as it turns out, they really made it into a big surprise.
“Well, have fun in the men’s showers,” Loki said as he opened one of the doors and walked in.
Bucky pokes him in the side, giving him an eye-roll once Steve turns to him. Steve just shoves him aside. Then he directs his direction back at Tony.
“How about you mind your business, pretty boy?”
Ah, what the hell? Without further hesitation, Peter puts his hand into the open space inside the gauntlet, surprised when it closes again around him, fitting him perfectly somehow. As Peter moves around with it, he realizes that it sits very comfortable, as well. There’s nothing poking him in the skin, or making it difficult to move his fingers. It’s almost as if he’s not wearing anything at all.
“Mr. Stark?” Peter then asks, surprised at the sudden turn of events.
After Dr. Cho and her assistants manage to pull every bit of debris out of Tony’s leg and stitched him back up completely, he’s put into the medical room. Normally, he would escape and head back to the penthouse. This time, he just waits it out, too tired to even get up. He keeps the television up, follows on the entire mission behind the screen. And eventually it gets too much and he simply falls asleep through it all.
Next to him, Strange mumbles something through bloodied lips. Peter startles, turning back to the sorcerer.
“I’m not happy! I have, literally,
“May, I’m sorry for being a brat lately,” Peter apologizes. She shakes her head.
Steve’s eyes meet his. His expression sad. For a moment, Tony fears.
“Toby! Andy!” the woman Peter spotted before shouts. The two boys turn towards their mother and fly into her arms. Peter looks at her as she tries to balance into the hug while still holding on to a what seems like two-year-old kid on her hip.
“You know, it’s not alright to stalk people like that,” Peter tells him jokingly, and Tony just waves it off.
“My God, you’re getting slower by the days,” Tony mumbles towards the bot before patting it on the ‘head’. Dum-E looks up at him, poking him once more in the side.
That was the reply she got from the professor. Yaël did her best to swallow the lump in her throat.
“No. This is still Tim.” Yaël turned with her eyes.
- Possible self-harm
Without warning the pilot, he drops his finger down on the button, immediately feeling his latest suit surround him in his safe Iron Man cocoon. When he’s dropped into the air, he doesn’t feel cold. The drops don’t touch his skin, and his sight is not filled with little wet lines.
“Wait, Hela did that, didn’t she? Goddammit!” Yaël gave Hilde a few minutes to curse. Then, when the woman was finally silent and was just staring at the wall angrily, Yaël dared to ask.
“Don’t, the painkillers only work for five minutes,” Steve quickly warned him. He tried to sit up for a bit, clearing his throat. Despite the serum, it still hurts a bit due to being intubated during surgery. He still can’t believe it; he’s had surgery… He wouldn’t have thought that possible, really.
But then Tony’s gone again and Peter shakes his head. Sure, Tony’s behavior towards him hasn’t changed a bit, not even after figuring out he’s Spider-Man (though he might have become even more over-protective whenever he sees a small bruise on Peter). But with keeping a regular schedule on when he’s at May’s and when he’s at Tony’s, he quickly comes to realize that, whenever he’s not here, Tony’s spending most of his time hidden away in the workshop – or lately just being busy with removing everything Avengers-related back to the Compound. The tower, which has officially been
, Steve!”
When they start to lower down again, Peter unintentionally wraps his arms around the Captain’s middle in a reflex, closing his eyes as they get nearer the ground.
Peter turns towards Rhodey, who is reading this from his phone. Tony doesn’t respond. The man is looking at the broken cage, probably finding multiple ways to blame himself again for this. But, to be fair, a glass container probably wasn’t the best idea for such a foe. Never mind the reinforced glass.
“Well, is it a possibility? To be dumped? Not now, just… in general?” Steve asks, uncertain. Tony stays quiet for a moment while he thinks that through.
“Of course not,” Mr. Stark responds, but the way he says it reveals enough. “Okay, maybe a bit, but in my defense, I have benefits from this as well; Cap keeps on whining about me never doing anything, so at least this way I’m relieved from him for at least a few hours.”
“Good, you’re doing good honey,” Steve says, still holding on to his hand. “Just follow our voices, okay?”
Peter shakes his head again. “No, Dad, you don’t understand. I am
Her tears.
“The queen told me you were unkillable. I could only hurt you badly, which I tried to do. Well, it somehow worked out too, but not totally by my doing. What a shame.” What was that girl’s problem?
And he wants to see Steve.
Hey, it’s progress!
“What were you crying for before I came in?” she asks. Peter bites his lip, not really wanting to think back of what happened earlier today.
would his dad’s blood not work on him? It can only mean that his father isn’t really his father, right? Is that maybe why Mary teared out all those pages? Did those reveal his real father and didn’t she want her husband to ever know about that?
“There’s been a uniform switch? Where’s the orange?” Tony asks. Steve blinks a few times before clearing his throat.
“And now?”
Tony hated his body after the surgery. He had so much trouble even looking at himself, disgusted by the scars he’d gotten only by his own doing. But while Tony hated it so much, Steve only loved him even more for it.
“Oh, god! Sorry!” Yaël yelled as Dr. cho walked outside for a second to get a new bottle and came back in, cleaning her shoulder. She disinfected her hands again and put on new gloves before she went on with stitching the wounds.
“Goddammit,” Yaël mumbled as soon as she realized that. Charles inspected the damage those two had created, still acting casually, like he went through this daily. Well, Yaël could imagine the man actually did go through this shit daily.
“You can say that,” Tony jokes, though he dares to admit he kind of grew out of that.
Peter hesitates, but does as he’s told. Happy types in the address into the gps-system that has been installed in the car by Tony himself and then starts driving, continuously keeping his eyes locked on the road but still attempting to check out what is happening in the back.
He’s been in surgery? That must be why his throat feels like a tubed has been shoved through it – because there has been one
And that’s when he comes across a bank robbery. He smirks, puts his web fluid back in the shooters, and gets off his ass.
“Same…” Peter mutters, but he figures that he’s got more friends than she does. Maybe he needs to introduce her to Ned one day. Though that could also lead to Ned meeting Wade, which could lead to Ned figuring out Peter is Spider-Man. Better not risk
There are no slow songs, which is at least something. Still, at one point Johnny has his arm draped over Peter’s shoulders again, a bottle between them while Johnny is telling him something he can’t really understand over the loud music.
“Yeah, so?” The redhead put her hands onto her hips and cocked her eyebrow sassily.
A distraction, perfect. Exactly what he needs right now.
Tony is on the phone with a certain Thaddeus Ross when Steve walks in. Of course, his first instinct is to hang up immediately and throw himself to Steve, but he knows better than that. This thing he’s discussing actually sounds pretty important, and though he’s not sure why Ross contacted
Dr. Cho is probably waiting for him; it’s already noon and Peter is still lying in bed with his covers thrown closely to him. He’d rather just stay in bed right now, but there’s no point in postponing it, right? The answer will stay the same, whether he’ll figure them out today or next week.
“Yeah, so maybe you should put on some clothes,” Wade told her. Yaël looked down. She was still walking around with only a towel bound around her body from getting out of the shower.
“Hello there, Mr. and Mr. Peter!” Deadpool greets them happily. He gets on his feet, throwing the knife aside until it gets stuck on the floor. Tony can hear Charles sigh from behind him. “You two finally came to your senses and giving me your blessing?”
“Peter?” Tony asks, surprised by his sudden leaving.
Thor’s laugh rumbled in her head “
Gently, Peter attaches the cables to where they’re supposed to be connected, waiting for some sort of spark or whatever, but glad to see there’s nothing starting to burn. Then Peter takes a deep breath and takes the round device in his hand.
“Whoa, and where is it going to take place?” Ned asks. Peter shrugs.
“I know you’re sorry,” Steve says calmly. “I’m sorry, too. I knew you weren’t alright, but I didn’t do anything.”
He sounded miserable, but she told herself he was just disappointed in her.
“Ah, you mean intercourse?” Thor asks to clarify. “No, we do that in the privacy of our bedroom, do not fear.”
friendly with Lang and Van Dyne to randomly appear at their doorsteps.
“We went to this party and the next day we woke up and he just sort of collapsed…” It was getting harder to sound stable.
“That’s true,” the man says. Then he starts looking for things on the computer, the keyboard not making any sounds at all. Peter leans forward a little bit and sees that the keyboard itself is holographic. Damn, that Stark never ceases to amaze him. “Well, if you want, he has a free slot on next Sunday about four. What exactly is the appointment for?”
The moment they touch down, glass seems to come from everywhere. Peter feels it cutting into his skin, leaving marks into places they shouldn’t be. There’s noise everywhere as the car slides forward, the roof scraping onto the asphalt, creating sparks everywhere.
“Can you just… give me a moment to process this? Please?” Peter suddenly begs of him. Tony feels sadness coming all over him. He just wishes he wouldn’t have had to tell Peter all this. But, he deserves to know.
He shouldn’t be so bothered about it, but he can’t help it; it’s his creation as much as Mr. Starks. He may not have come up with all the ideas, but he helped build it. The person wearing it shouldn’t be told that
By the time he arrives at the prison, Tony is already inside, looking up at Peter with an amused smile. Instead of commenting on his tardiness, he just pulls up the third chair and drops his cards.
“Ah, right, Steve is always excited to have new members join the team,” Sharon says, putting a hand on Steve’s chest while leaning against him. “Are you from around here?”
The gun that must have just planted the sucker on Peter’s face.
Tony can’t even groan in annoyance when he sees it’s Strange, holding a copy of Peter’s chart in his hands and wearing actual scrubs. Because now it seems obvious.
When she heard the sound of gunshots, she turned her head and looked over her shoulder. Some dude from the ship was shooting at the zombies who were climbing onto the spaceship that was still desperately trying to leave. Wait, wasn’t that man on Hela’s side just a few hours ago?
During biology, Peter and Ned are seated together and they talk some more about the Avengers in hushed voices. Peter is aware that half the class is still mocking him about Dum-E, but he tries to let it pass him by. He shouldn’t be bothered about it.
He knows that he’s not in his room; the colder temperature coming from the air-conditioning makes that clear enough, along with the various sounds that come along with it.
“I fucked up, right?” Steve gave up his language-stare immediately.
“You want me to take away the suit, don’t you?” Tony asks, sadly. All the eyes on him lower again, nobody wanting to face him when he hits the mark.
And that morning, Peter and Harry both laughed their asses off when Tony showed them the footage of everything that happened last night, including the heavy, drunken make-out session that happened between the two birds in the Avengers-team.
“Yeah, sure, I’m sure he’ll like that,” Tony returns. Steve nods, lifting his hand back to his ear. That’s when Tony realizes he’d been holding a phone there. Tony hadn’t even heard it going off.
“I’ll get it,” Steve says, grabbing the wallet from the counter and taking out the exact amount from it. It’s a mixed pot of his money and Steve’s, and while Tony assured him that Steve didn’t have to pay for anything, the guy seems to keep on insisting it. It’s about hopeless to fight him on it, so Tony just lets him be, if that’s what he really wants.
After a quick breath, Peter lets go of the table. He lifts up his hands in the air and tries to count back to ten.
- depressed Tony
You didn’t. But I do love you, and you love me. And we’ll be together soon, I promise,” Steve assures him. He manages to smile lightly. “Now, do you promise you will listen to Peter from now on? He’s also trying to help you.”
Dr. Thatch nods, writing something down in her notebook.
I've seen multiple cases of encephalopathy. It's a pretty scare thing to watch, seeing a person break apart like that day by day. It's probably also one of the reasons I stay away from alcohol or multiple painkillers all the time. With that, I want to make clear that I had my patients in mind while I was writing this, and I tried as much as I could to portray it as accurately as possible. in some cases, there's violence and constant cursing. In the other, forgetfulness. Sometimes the person just can't speak any longer. It goes on and on.
It was a lot to take in for Peter, as she saw his eyes grew bigger and bigger with every part she added to her story.
“No,” Yaël hissed. Nilla let go of Yaël, which made her head smack against the concrete again. She saw black spots in front of her eyes, but kept focusing on not going unconscious. Nilla backed away with an evil grin on her face.
“Help!” Tony started to shout. “I’m being kidnapped by Captain America!”
“What?”
“Okay?” he starts. Steve lets out a loud breath before finally tilting his head up.
- Tony's mental state is getting worse (though so is his physical state)
Yaël couldn’t see her face as her sister was sitting on the ground, knees up with her face buried against them. Her arms were bound against her chest and her hair fell before her face, but Yaël was sure it was her. Their physiques looked quite the same, after all. Except for Nilla’s very visible muscles. She wasn’t wearing the sweater that made her look ‘cute’ anymore. Now, her kaki tank top and black leggings made Nilla look a lot more like herself.
“I’ll take Scott home,” Hope then says, sounding amused because of her sleeping partner. Scott jumps up, awake when he hears his name being called out. Holding out her hand, Hope pulls him out of the couch. “We’ll see you all tomorrow.”
Tony rubs his eyes. The fifteen-thousandth sigh leaves his mouth as he squints his eyes once more to look down into the microscope. What he sees is the exact same thing as the past 105 times he’s tried this out.
And isn’t that the answer now, though? He wants to get to know him.
“What’s, uh… what’s wrong?” he asks. MJ shrugs.
“What is it?” she asks, still with that strong accent on her words.
somebody who can tell us where to go and where to stay away from.”
After that, the Captain is off, running towards the danger and the rest of his team.
Tony decides he doesn’t want to go to sleep yet. Not when his mind is so full now. So after Hilde leaves the penthouse to get to Bruce’s floor, he heads towards the balcony, instead. The fresh air gets into his lungs immediately. While it’s summer, there’s still a slightly cold breeze.
“A fight, you say? What exactly happened?”
Peter had never had such a sarcastic look on his face before. He was clearly not liking the idea of driving with Wade, since the guys seemed to only bring bad luck to Peter. But when the teenager didn’t seem to be able to make a decision, Yaël jumped into the car, grabbed Peter’s arm and pulled him inside too.
Once Eddie’s pulled free, Peter webs him up against the wall, making sure that he’s not going to run off.
“Johnny?” he asks, trying to be louder than the noise around him. While they might have contained the music, the people talking are still loud enough to make his ears start ringing.
“What’s wrong with my last name?” Steve asks a bit angrily. He crosses his arms together, getting enough distance between the two of them.
- Bratty Peter
Peter just randomly starts knocking on a few doors, but whenever he opens it he usually finds some couple passed out, half naked. They’re in a bed, slumped against the wall with their pants lying by their feet. He even finds to girls currently getting their action on in the bathroom. He quickly closes the door again without trying to disturb them. He doesn’t want to get into that drama.
“You can just say Hawkeye, you know?”
“Excuse me?” Peter asks. After these past weeks at Stark Industries, Peter finds that he’s grown pretty used to having FRIDAY around. She can be quite the sarcastic AI when it comes to it, but she helps him out more often than not, and that should count for something.
“Maybe you could just go and visit him?”
“I have some gardening-skills. Just let me tend the plants in this building or some stupid shit like that?” Yaël kept her chin up and her back straight and just stared into Tony’s eyes. His eyebrows flinched out of incomprehension before he cocked one of them, staring back arrogantly.
“Hell no, I don’t want any part of it anymore!” Peter almost yells. He can’t believe it. He could always take it off whenever he wanted, but now that he actually
Of course, Steve doesn’t agree, twisting every word he says and countering them with his point of view. That’s pretty much the punchline of their relationship, isn’t it?
On Helvegen, scum got graves, on earth, normal people got graves.
“Mr. Parker, sit down immediately,” the teacher calls out. Peter finally removes his gaze from his friend to look at the teacher. She looks pissed off and ready to give him detention, but Peter shakes his head.
“Da- uh… Mr. Stark? I haven’t seen you in a while,” Peter says quickly, hating the fact that he’s back to ‘mr. Stark’ right now.
Peter shakes his head. “I’m not sure. I haven’t been patrolling as much lately.”
Next to them, the conversation is still going.
“I’m not sure,” Peter says. “The suit… it came out of nowhere. I woke up with it one night. There was no Karen, none of any of your other tech.”
The other thing that’s changed is something Peter thinks only he is aware of. It’s what makes Aunt May’s small crush on Captain America a bit awkward as well, seeing as Peter is now absolutely and a hundred percent sure that Tony and Steve are in fact together.
Dr. Palmer looks up at May, an understanding look coming up her face. Then she sighs.
“I just lost my
“P-Peter, where did this suddenly come from?” Aunt May finally asks after a while. She’s giving both pamphlets short looks but she doesn’t open them, instead lowering her hands as her eyes meet his again. Her face looks confused, but at least not angry.
It had hurt, to be facing him, bantering in his usual way without being able to tell him that it’s
Suddenly, a memory came across Yaël’s mind, which made her flinch her a bit. She suddenly understood what the man meant with a long, long time ago, since her dad had died a long time ago. A very long time ago. Her dad had been coughing for a whole while, and after some time, the phlegm turned into blood. He died of some form of tuberculosis and Yaël stayed behind, alone.
The suit makes a movement as if he’s waving the person off.
Small conversations that Peter sometimes hears between Steve and Tony
He placed them on the coffeetable between them and put his suitcase back into a holder behind his wheelchair. It were photos of different people.
Peter ignores them both.
Tony snickers at that. He can easily imagine it, yeah! “Sounds mostly like Loki’s work to me, though.”
CHapter warnings for this one? No, no they aren't. Enjoy
But Steve couldn’t. Though he didn’t want to separate on any bad terms, he still approached Stark to shake his hand and thank him for the offer once Thor was gone. But he knew it was for the better to just start over fresh.
“You know what, never mind… I’m not telling you anything more,” Steve mutters, pulling his hands loose from Tony’s and crossing his arms, clearly annoyed at him. Tony can’t help but laughing further, wiping some tears from his eyes.
After the lesson starts officially, Peter starts taking notes. Given that it’s his final year at this school, he wants to make the best of it. Besides, he’s a bit out of inspiration to work on any improvements to his suit.
“Exactly my thoughts,” Sam adds.
“Wha, uh, so does Stark and he helped earlier!” Scott counters to that. Tony raises an eyebrow at him.
(Seriously, if the puncture of the spine wasn’t painful enough, the goddamn injection itself was enough to make him wish he was dead. He’s actually rather surprised that he survived that whole crap.)
“Obviously,” Sharon says, grinning.
“I don’t care if it’s going to hurt me, I don’t fucking care at all! I need to save my son!”
“I’m almost finished with the arc reactor, sir,” Peter suddenly blurts out nervously. Mr. Stark’s eyebrow goes up in surprise, and there’s a light smirk on his lips. Peter feels his face redden immediately. “I mean, I’m still missing the specific element; FRIDAY told me that only you are in possession of it so I thought I’d ask you-“
“Guys, don’t you dare,” Steve grumbles towards them.
“Hi Peter! Peter’s da- I mean Iron Man! Peter’s principal!” Deadpool calls out before running off again. In one swift jump, he flies out of the window only to land on the ground – just not the right way. As he lies on the ground with all of his bones pointing the wrong way, Wolverine starts to walk towards the window to check out the damage.
“What’s wrong?” Peter asks. Rhodey grins.
being out there.
“Sure, no more big bad guys for me. I’m sticking to the creeps of New York,” Peter assures him. Steve ruffles Peter’s hair and takes his fist step away.
“Yeah, we were all surprised,” Ned returns. “Came walking in with MJ an hour ago or so.”
Yaël sighs but then leans forward to kiss his cheek. “You just get the rest you need. I’ll warn the others.”
“Nah,” Tony returns. He knows it’s childish and that he should handle this better, but he can’t right now. “You head on out, and after the mission’s over just… hang out for a bit. No rush.”
“I’m this handsome devil’s roommate, we have a place not too far from here. You’re always welcome and all…”
With there being no empty seats, he stands in the hallway with his headphones on, eyes resting on the keyboard he’s currently using to send his texts. All in the while, his music keeps on playing.
He can hear them talking lowly, but clearly they’re deep in conversation. Peter doesn’t want to disturb them, but he still finds himself a tiny bit curious as to what exactly is going on, so he leans against the wall without making a sound, turning his head enough so he can hear everything that they’re talking about.
There’s more to come. He’s got more to say.
“I’m sorry, did I hear it right? You guys actually
much time with Loki’s off-spring, thank you very much!
“You don’t really seem to like her, do you?” Peter asks curiously. He leans towards the desk and takes the small holographic projection that is floating above the desk and starts toying with it to have a look. It looks like some more things for the suit, and Peter is almost wondering where they’re going to fit it all. He hasn’t seen the final result of it, only the parts that he’s helped make. Tony always said that he would see what it looks like after the person it’s meant for will wear it.
Because, in the end, Tony still hurt Steve, punched him in every way possible. Out of anger. It never should have happened. Another reminder that he’s, in fact, worse than his own Dad.
Peter lets out a long breath. He doesn’t really know what he should think about this.
“I’m annoying him,” he tells the android, who looks up and tilts his head a bit to the side. Peter just rolls his eyes.
“I guess he doesn’t really want to share things like that,” Felicia returns. Then she makes an abrupt turn towards a door, leading Peter inside. “Here we are.”
“Now who’s a dirty thinker? There was no sexy-time involved, if you really want to know,” Tony offers with another smirk on his lips. Peter lowers his cup, knowing he won’t be drinking it any time soon. Tony, in return, just laughs even louder. “C’mon, I’m sure I don’t need to have the big talk with you, do I?”
Sharon kisses Tony goodbye, tells him she sees him tomorrow. Tony repeats her words. Then there’s Sue and Reed who say goodbye, followed by Ben and, reluctantly, Johnny. Peter nods towards Professor X when they pass each other. X just winks at him. He takes Yael with him before Peter can even ask if she wants to join them.
“Fine, whatever,” he says through his grin. “Just… don’t leave without telling me, alright?”
“Of course you didn’t know. But
There’s the usual traffic. It’s why Tony wanted to leave early enough. He might be Iron Man, and he might be stinking rich, but even he can’t just bypass all the cars on the road. He’s aware of Bruce talking to Peter about school. The guy is interested in what Peter is seeing in his classes. With it being biochemistry, Tony isn’t too savvy on the subject. Maybe he should read up on it, no? He learns rather quick. It might be good for him to actually
“You do what you want, man, I’m not stopping you,” Peter assures him. Johnny claps his hands together while looking forward pensively. Probably already trying to find a way to woo her. Peter wishes him luck, not really knowing if Felicia’s really
“Well, maybe you were supposed to have a power, nobody knows… But the gods clearly punished you for making the stone disappear, and to make it clear to everyone that it was you, to make sure nobody would ever forget what you did, the gods turned your eyes ochre,” the king explained bitterly.
Whenever Tony Stark was younger, and his parents were out of town, Jarvis would take care of him. The butler and his wife took him in as if he were their own. Since they couldn’t get children of their own due to Ana Jarvis getting into some sort of accident, it seemed to be easy for them to get attached to him.
“If this is legit, they’re about the least sexy couple in the world,” Clint mutters, clearly annoyed.
Tony says quietly, low enough that the people around them can’t hear it. Slowly, he’s nearing his son in the middle of the circle. The guy on the ground makes a painful sound, spitting out some blood.
“Hi guys!” he calls out. He closes the door behind him and drops his key in the bowl next to the door. Then he kicks off his shoes, hangs up his coat and walks towards the couch. “Who’s winning?”
So instead he waves at another cab driving by, gets ignored because apparently somebody else was first, and then he tries again, succeeding this time around. He quickly offers his address and then he’s finally on his way back home. When he checks his watch he sees that it’s already six in the afternoon, meaning that the time has flown again.
"Oh, that's just my
“The tower remains open. We’ll search the city. Spread out in groups of two for now.”
A moment of silence. “
But with Peter lashing out against that robber, the way he acted out of control in his rage… Seeing him like that scared Tony in every possible way. Especially when he looked down at his son, and the first thing he could see was his elevated heartrate inside his head.
“For a while, yeah, but not forever!”
A few people go to talk with Steve, ask him about the latest update on his life. Bruce even carefully approaches Natasha and the two get to a gentle conversation Peter doesn’t stick around to listen to. He checks on Yael, on Wade, and even goes to talk with Wanda.
“I’ve moved on as well,” she admits. “It was hard, and I didn’t want to let you go, but there comes a point where you meet somebody and you think: ‘it’s time’.”
Wanda all lean forward towards him with their eyebrows raised.
“You’re all out of time, so to say,” Strange explains. Steve and Tony both stand up, blinking a bit in confusion. When they look through the portal, they can see everything happening in rewind. Explosions become undone. People who have fallen, rise back up. Tony takes a deep breath, and closes his eyes as he waits.
“How did you do that?”
“What are you talking about?” Steve casually wiped away her tear and signed her to get out of the lift. Apparently, they had arrived at her floor.
There’s only one bed in here, so it’s not too difficult to spot Mr. Stark. He’s already sitting up, an IV still attached to his arm but otherwise nothing else medical-wise connected to him. He’s pale, and a bit sweaty, but there’s a smile on his face as he’s swinging around a spoon full of what seems like pudding.
But it was on the fourth day that Yaël discovered she had never been so wrong. She had been staring through her window for a whole while now, it seemed like she was just enjoying the view.
“Okay, make me a coffee,” he orders.
me about the fact that Peter was acting strange, Tony!”
“Maybe people will belittle me or something, you know? Like I won’t be able to do stuff anymore…”
Miles turns back to the TV. “Yeah, it’s crazy, right?”
Karen suggests. Peter smirks and clasps his hands together.
It’s a whole lot of information coming Peter’s way, but he knows he’s smart. It’s not that hard to figure it out, though mostly the names all just sound like gibberish in his head.
“You shouldn’t love me,” Tony warns him. “All we do is hurt each other. Normal people would call it
Loki somehow managed to get to her without falling down ten times, by grabbing everything he could hold on to. “Don’t try to get up,” he yelled through the loud rumbling of the ship. “You’ll fall back down immediately!”
Tony clears his throat before standing up. He rubs his eyes, turning his back on all of them while limping to the window. Natasha follows him, coming to stand behind him to put a hand on his shoulder. Tony leans back against the wall, once again wishing that Steve were here.
“He cut his hand on a broken bottle I think.” Peter takes bloodied hand and lifts it up to remove the bloodied tissue. It sticks everywhere, and Peter gets blood all over his fingers as he takes it off. The bleeding seems to have stopped for now, so that counts at least for something.
“Look at me,” he told her. “We’ll make sure you’re safe, okay? There’s nothing going to happen to you as long as nobody knows.” Yaël nodded, jeez, she felt like a whining child, but she’d be alright, she knew that for sure, but not right now, sheneeded some time to recover from all of this and to let it sink in.
Sharon is somewhere at the side, drinking and talking with Natasha. Peter still finds it weird to see her as a blonde, but he figures he can get used to it. He prefers the red hair, though.
She decided to earn more money by playing the cello on the streets. She was a very… expressive person when she played. She rammed on that thing and sometimes played sweet, but other times aggressive sounding music.
Rhodey joining them, it promises to be something great.
Then he hangs up as well. He puts the phone in the inner-pocket, knowing he’s playing with its survival here. But he has nowhere else to put it. After that, he hurries inside.
Tony doesn’t stop his explanation towards Bruce, though he does reach out his hand and links his fingers with Steve’s. The super soldier doesn’t mind too much. He looks around, noticing Peter sitting with Shuri, Mantis, Wanda and Vision a bit further away. He’s not going to ask them to join him. It could be good for the kid to have some time with people his age, after all.
“Peter!”
“Where to?” Happy asks.
Peter’s head shoots up in surprise, eyes boring into Ned’s guilty and squirming form, like the guy is trying to dig himself a hole to escape through the floor.
“I had
“You can’t be serious? You know nobody will sign this shit, right?” he counters. Ross raises his eyebrow at him, clearly unimpressed by his language.
, but that couldn’t mean that they hit the jackpot on the first try, right? Surely, there’s something else his mother used when she said that his father’s blood would not work on Peter?
The moment the four of them sit down on the couch, with the remote to the tv in Yaël’s hands, everybody seems to be taking a moment to breathe. In the past few days, not much has happened inside of the compound. Yesterday, they’ve been swimming and played a large game of hide and seek. The day before that, they had a Tolkien-marathon with literally no break at all. They’ve been keeping themselves busy with fun activities to forget for a while that Wanda’s practically under house-arrest.
“So you want to get to know your daddy, Peter?” Wade randomly asked while he started digging into his backpack and pulled out a bag filled with bread. Yaël raised her eyebrow. What the hell was Wade planning to do?
“I’m looking forward to be working here,” he admits, silently a bit proud that he made the cut. Though he has no idea if he made
A familiar voice yelled in Sil, the dialect between Norwegian and the old-language the elders still used. Raido’s horse, completely created from the water Raido was steering, stopped right in front of her before he jumped off. Raido was a tall, very muscular man, with a long, blond braid which began frown the roots of his hair. The rest of his hairwas cut very shortly, a bit longer than stubbles. He had a blond beard with two braids in it. Raido plucked Yaël from the ground and gave her a tight hug before putting her down again. “Lat meg se kikdeg!”
“You don’t like anyone,” Yaël replied, this man was good in making her grumpy. Logan didn’t even bother to reply to that.
“But mooom, I don’t wanna put my pants on!” he whined while climbing out of the sofa. She slapped his butt when he walked off, into the bathroom next to her bedroom.
The thing was, Yaël remembered some of her nightly
“Just… I don’t really dislike the thought of having one of those of our own, you know? I mean, not now, just… someday.”
He thinks over whether or not he should give her a call, but after a moment of thought he comes to the decision of just getting to her place. She’ll surely still be there.
Before he can explain something to Yaël or Wade, Peter’s reflexes get the better of him and he starts to run towards the trees. Underneath his clothes, he’s already wearing his suit – an old habit of his that comes in mighty handy most of the time. As quickly as possible, he puts all his clothes into his backpack and hangs it up somewhere in the trees with his webs before jumping up. His heart is racing, thoughts of Harry’s – no, the
“Dude, you’re making things up,” Peter says, punching him in the arm. Ned lets out a little cry of surprise and then rubs his hurting arm.
“My friends! My lovely friends! Back together! I’m the happiest Pool in the world!” he shouts out. Peter rolls his eyes, but figures this is not so bad. So he takes in the hug and closes his eyes. Things are about to get much better after this all.
The Cat looks back into the night sky, blinking a few times before letting out a deep breath.
“Then you should do everything you can to fix that, shouldn’t you?” Peter offers with a smirk. After that, he reaches out to turn on the radio, letting the music fill the car’s upcoming silence. Tony doesn’t say anything else, but there’s a small smile on his lips that Peter wouldn’t have seen had he not known Tony Stark a little bit longer.
Peter pushes himself from the ground, turning around to face Mr. Stark. But all he sees is Harry, staring at him with a huge grin on his face, mocking him as he grieves. He shakes his head and takes a step back. This isn’t real, he tells himself. He knows it isn’t real. Harry isn’t here – the
At least he’s not at the Raft. That would have been much worse. They’re just waiting for the trial until
Some of the teens softly smiled at their teacher’s incapability, a few started sketching immediately, others thought for a bit before they started and then there was Wade. He somehow managed to get into the school just to follow one of Yaël’s lessons. Because he was already annoying other students before Yaël could even start the arts class, she forced him to sit all by himself in the back of the class.
Eddie is shouting out things. Probably asking what’s going on. But Peter can’t hear it. And even if he could, he can’t explain it. Somewhere behind Peter, at the source of the sound, there’s Johnny with headphones on. He’s holding on to the device Peter told him to bring along, directing it at Eddie without any hesitation. He looks pissed in many ways.
“Jup, there goes your crush,” she joked. Wade scraped his throat before he corrected her.
“Sure, because Stark certainly did something about it. He probably nodded like the good boy he is. You know what, just leave, Vision.”
“How did you do that?” Peter then asks. Tony shakes his head, scraping his throat and attempting to hold back a sob.
Yaël took the brush while smirking at Steve. He was always thinking about training her in all possible ways.
“I sure do hope not. We don’t need another alien invasion after that last drama,” Fury says. Tony shivers upon the mention of the
“Hey! Don’t do that! My hair’s a menace on its own!” Peter tries to push her hands away, but it’s obvious that Shuri is used to being the ‘annoying’ sister. She just grins and rubs his head even faster. Steve can’t help but enjoy the sight. It’s not perfect, not even in the slightest. But it’s a beginning. And just seeing that smile on Peter’s lips again, though faint it may be still brings warmth inside of Steve’s chest.
Johnny is at the verge of heading out when Peter arrives back home. Peter hesitates on just letting him head out already. He might have been an asshole towards him earlier, but surely Johnny is not one to hold grudges, right?
“Steve, my own students are way more suitable to give these classes than I am,” Yaël countered with a grin.
“It’s still standing, looked like it was doing good despite the hits it got,” Peter offers. By hits, of course he means Harry turning into the Goblin and killing off most of his board members with the help of Electro. “Though I’m not sure they’re going to want you back so soon.”
Damn it, what’s wrong with him? Why does his mind keep on going that direction all the time?! He’s with MJ for crying out loud! He cares about her, not about some masked lady dressed up like a cat and showing her cleavage with every chance she’s got!
He even gets a remark from Johnny when the guy comes home from school.
“I’m just… worried about Peter.” Steve nods in understanding.
“I suggest we return home, then?” he offers. Hope nods, throwing her cards down to finish the game. She, too, stands up and grabs her coat from her chair.
“Listen, Steve, if you want to go, you try and work it out with T’Challa tomorrow, okay? You won’t get there immediately, it can wait at least three more hours.”
“Homeless shelter,” she responds shortly. It’s all he needs to know what she means. He smiles back at her, getting to his coat and putting his shoes back on. After saying a quick goodbye to Johnny, they head out of the apartment. He doesn’t even realize his hand is still linked with hers while they walk into the streets.
“You once told me you were banished from town,” he answered while he fiddled with a plaid hanging against a wall and held his other hand behind his back.
The way to Dr. Cho’s office seems shorter this time. In just a matter of seconds – or at least that’s what it feels like to him – he’s standing outside her door. Wanda lets go of his arm, squeezes his shoulder shortly, and then takes a step back while nodding towards the office.
“Really? I never thought Tony Stark would pass the opportunity to get some alcohol into him?”
And even though Peter is Spider-Man, and he’s been able to defeat multiple bad guys, he’s never felt safer than right now.
“How did you-?” Peter asks, confused by that first bit.
“I know, I’m sorry. You need to stay a little while longer. At least until we’re sure that your liver will recover on its own or if we find a matching donor.”
Eventually, he catches up. Grabbing her by the shoulder, he intends to stop her and turn her around. Instead, he finds himself unable to stop, throwing both of them on the ground. As if it’s a reflex for her, after they make a roll, the Cat kicks Peter away from her, but before she can make her escape Peter grabs a hold of her foot and holds her back.
“No way. Nu-uh, we are not doing
“There’s no crime in having a mutual hobby, don’t you think?”
“Why, sir Calder?” the king asked his counselor. Well, at least the king was present.
“I’m, uh, I’m heading home,” he says.
“Are you crazy?!” Tony shouts back, only to suddenly be pulled away by something. On the spot where he was just standing, a metal desk comes flying by, only barely missing him. Looking at the person that got him out of that situation, he’s faced with Peter who is looking at him worriedly.
“Like Tony would ever fire you,” Peter counters, and Happy shrugs.
“Peter!” she calls out. Peter puts his hands in his pockets and walks back up to her.
Tony closes the helmet then. “
“I thought I saw Pepper?” he asks in confusion. Peter points behind him, to the door that leads to the hallway.
He’s staying with Peter during the night. For his own safety, Peter’s put on lockdown to prevent him from sleepwalking again. It’s actually per Peter’s request that they do this, so nobody complains about it. In shifts from two hours every time, two people keep an eye on Peter. Tony is first, like he requested. When Peter goes to bed, still shook from the entire day and at the verge of tears at the realization that a lot of things have happened out of his control, Tony takes place on the bed right next to Peter, only lying on top of the covers, and while Peter tries to sleep Tony passes his hand through Peter’s messy hair, kissing him on the top of his head once or twice.
Peter busies himself with refilling the snacks, cleaning up the bits of spilled drinks, and making sure the twins don’t start running things over. He almost wonders if he should distract them with Dum-E, until Tony tells them they can go on the balcony to build a snowman. The twins, of course, yell in excitement and run outside once they’re dressed again. Wanda and Vision join them outside.
Wrapping his arms around him, Peter slowly sees his vision become darker around him. In front of him, he can see the dark tower again. Gwen’s scared blue eyes staring at him, hoping that he will catch her as she reaches out her hands towards him. She doesn’t scream – she never did, she’s always been extremely calm even in the most stressful situations.
“You have fought for us, protected us, risked your lives…,” Ross continues in his speech, and that’s when Tony sees Natasha move a little bit in her seat. She’s next to Rhodey, with her arms both underneath the table and her back straight, looking ever much like the ballerina she was trained to be in between learning to become an assassin. “But while a great many people see you as heroes, there are some that would prefer the word vigilanties.”
But the man… now that Peter gets to face him, all color escapes from his cheeks. Because he knows who this is. He knows this man, despite the beard and the glasses and the baggy clothes. Peter knows him.
Flash is surprisingly absent from school, so there’s nobody to mock Peter, which is at least something good. Unfortunately, the same doesn’t count for Michelle, who takes the opportunity of an emptying dining hall as enough reason to sit down at Peter’s and Ned’s table and pull out her phone once again, showing another picture of Peter wearing sexy maid clothes (that don’t at all look sexy on him, might Peter add!) swinging his umbrella in the air. Once again, Peter groans and drops his head on the table.
“Alright then, you can go.”
After that, there have only been small sightings of the Black Cat over New York. As she works her way up to collecting the money to free her Dad, Peter doesn’t stop her. Neither do Johnny or Harry. They have no business in that. Besides, they have the pleasure of putting the idiots she sells her stuff to behind bars only days after they paid her. If anything, they’re actually doing her a service!
“I can’t wait,” he says after that. MJ smiles after that, looking down at the picture of Peter she took the first time.
Tony doesn’t know how long Steve has been awake. His eyes are open the moment Tony stumbles out of his sleep, his head resting under his hand while he quietly observes Tony with a weird look on his face. It’s a mixture of fondness, but also guilt, Tony can tell.
There’s a knock on Peter’s door that wakes him up. For a moment, he thinks it’s just a part of his dream, and that there’s nobody out there. It’s proven wrong when Harry’s voice sounds on the other side of the room.
“There’s demisexuals, which is what I am,” Petra says, pointing towards herself. “We do not feel any attraction until a strong emotional connection is built with our partner.”
“HE DID THIS, HE’S CRAZY!” Of course, Wade totally didn’t do that, but these five drunk men felt certain he did just so they couldn’t take Yaël home.
“Oh my god,” May calls out, tears already starting to form in her eyes. Steve throws an arm over her shoulder and holds her close to his side, for which Tony is grateful since he doesn’t think he would have been able to comfort her.
“Who?” Tony asks, not bothering to ask the question completely. Wilson understands it, anyway.
“Tony…”
"Neither am I! Did you even try to talk with her?"
He owes his dad at least that much.
“Uh, she doesn’t know, to be fair,” Tony admitted.
“C’mon, I got a reservation at eight, so we’re actually eight minutes late,” Tony tells him. Steve quickly pulls back, keeping his hands on Tony’s arms and looking deeply into his eyes.
"Oh, yeah, just walk away!" the unknown man barked. Right after that, Yaël heard a door slamshut right behind her. She jumped a bit and turned around. The blonde guy stood outside the cage and looked obviously frustrated, but he tried to hide it. The only thing that gave him away was his unwitting frowning.
out, the Hulk has a special adoration towards Peter for some strange reason. They don’t question it, only knowing that even the Hulk would do anything to keep Peter safe.
we’ve been pranked, right?” Sam asks. Natasha finally bursts out laughing, putting her hand on her stomach while tears form in her eyes. The three men give her a glare, and as if on cue Steve and Tony walk back into the room.
sitting. He’s in a wheelchair, wearing a hospital gown. There’s an IV-bag attached to his arm and he, too, looks a bit pale
Tony snorts, already imagining this girl sitting at her desk, playing with her hair as she chews her gum and talks on for hours in that annoyingly nasally voice.
“We have interns,” Tony points out.
“Just say I’m a relationship-therapist now. Bruce will probably understand,” Peter jokes. The elevator opens up, and Peter pushes Tony inside. “C’mon. The sooner we’re there, the better!”
“Told anybody what?”
She wanted to call Cap as soon as she remembered him, but then she discovered Wade had been right. X and Fury were keeping things from her. When Yaël had asked X for Steve’s number, he had shaken his head.
And that’s true. He did love her. She must have been the first person in Tony’s life that made him think: ‘I want to share my life with them’. But it wasn’t meant to be. She took off, and Tony took the shortcut to a rehabilitation center when he realized that death sounded better than having to wake up alone one more time.
“C’mon, you saw the look in Thor’s eyes when he brought it. We can’t disappoint him like that,” Steve urges on. Tony gives him a bland look.
Steve rolls his eyes at that. “You’re hilarious,” he mutters, then grabbing Tony’s hand. “Come on, if we hurry, we’ll be back quickly and then we can watch the movie.”
“WHY DOESN’T STARK HAVE THE GUTS TO COME AND TELL ME THIS HIMSELF?!” Vision stayed admirable calm, which triggered Yaël even more.
Peter’s here. Happy’s here. Rhodey’s here. Pepper’s here.
Funny how these things go, right? Peter takes a few steps back as Tony comes closer
?!” Steve once again jumps up.
Peter takes the paper and skips towards the actual article, where there are more pictures shown that were taken. But when? Sure, Peter remembers coming across the Black Cat a few times more in the past few weeks (almost once every two days), but after the usual flirting from her side Peter always skips off to get back to his duties.
- Maybe slightly scared Tony? But, I mean who would blame him?
“What if I take the suit?” he returns. Peter can go back to his old suit. At least, until he’s old enough to understand what he’s dealing with here. “I gave him the suit; it has many more possibilities than his original one. The problem is that he wasn’t supposed to have access to all of them yet.”
“Three people are still stuck in the building, but we can’t get to them without endangering our own men,” the man says.
“I don’t really have time to explain. Ask FRIDAY and she’ll tell you everything,” Tony shouts back. Peter sighs and shuts the TV down again just as they were to announce the possible killer. He doesn’t really want to know; it’s not his battle.
“I’ll try not to use these, though,” Peter says. He doesn’t want Mr. Stark to notice, after all.
“Uh, I don’t know… That’s not really my priority, you know?”
Sandy nods. “I guess you’re right,” she calls out. They turn around, the other nurses waiting for them to join their briefing. “Say, how’s that nephew of yours doing?”
Peter pulls out his phone and starts to compose a message together.
“Hi, Yaël? Fancy a game of chess?” X gave her such a heart attack by suddenly rolling into the kitchen, she dropped Scott’s coffee. The cup shattered, and the coffee spilled everywhere.
Steve’s eyes get glassy with tears, his face full of emotion. After a small sob, the man pulls Peter closer again, almost squeezing him breathless in the strong hug. Next to him, Peter can see May giving him a fond look. Peter reaches out his hand towards her, letting her take it.
To be completely fair, Peter doesn’t just react the way he does because they’re practically his parents. He’s only just walking into the penthouse when he hears some sort of crash, and two people sounding an awful lot like Steve and Tony laughing.
Shit, what happened yesterday? Tony raises his hand to his head and scratches through his hair. Gently, he shuffles out of the bed without waking the girls. He’s good at that, having had practice for years. Carefully, he picks up what looks like his clothes (though they’re pieces he’s never really worn before) and hurries into the bathroom.
Yaël was a bit surprised to see Peter, so her brain malfunctioned for a second. The cold and the whiskey surely didn’t help, even though she only had one glass. “P-parker, I mean park, is, eh, yay! But Mc Dreamy just died, so I’m mourning… Hey, wait, are you stalking me?”
“Harry’s doing great,” Norman says, and that is again a lie. By now Tony knows that Harry has been kicked out of his school again and is at the verge of being sent to Peter’s school. Which would start the inevitable friendship between the two of them. “Though Em and I are not so sure private school is the best choice for him.”
“Wolverine…” Peter muttered as he stared at the knives too. The knives slid up again and just disappeared. Wade’s lifeless body fell against the steering wheel, blood gushing out of his head. Yaël swallowed a few times as her stomach turned around before she realized nobody was driving the car.
Sam had straightened, face suddenly serious. “Oh, alright. You should go, then.”
Everybody takes a moment to think about that. Bruce has his floor under the penthouse. The top three floors are actually smaller than the ones underneath, which is why Tony, Bruce and Nat (and Bucky) each get their own. From then on out, it’s two per floor. And Peter would just imagine Wanda would rather share with Yaël (she’s obviously too young to be rooming with Vision).
“Don’t want to claim you for everything, kid,” Tony mutters without looking up. Peter nods without really understanding. Then he clears his throat and checks his cellphone again. There’s a message, but it’s from Wade, asking him if he left the stove on. Peter rolls his eyes once more and puts the phone aside.
They go for a little while, but enough is enough. When Tony pulls away to drop down on his back and catch his breath, Steve, next to him, does the same thing. The super-soldier reaches out a hand, dropping it over Tony’s belly as if he needs that small bit of contact from him.
So while Peter slumps towards the kitchen to get a glass of water, he almost jumps into the air when there’s a knock on the door.
Tony storms inside the room, purposely not looking at the group around the bed. Instead, he puts a hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
?” the girl looked innocently, like she didn’t know what Yaël was talking about.
“Let me put it this way; has Steve told you he resents you for it?” he asks. Tony throws him a sideways glance, but immediately turns back to the road.
“I don’t have one.” Yaël said. She didn’t want some kind of special name either.
much, but how really can he tell her to lay off when all she’s doing is being nice?
“I swear, I don’t have hidden feelings for you. I mean, sure, you look great and all; very exotic with that Latino vibe and then the hair. But to be honest, and I don’t mean to be rude, the combination of my meds and the alcohol…”
Peter is talking about.
That’s when his internal alarms start ringing. He tries to jump away, but suddenly he’s floating into the air.
“Ah, lots of partying, I assume?” Francis asks with his arms crossed and an amused look on his face. Peter chuckles but shakes his head.
“You here FRI?” he asks.
Each time the door opens, everybody looks up while hoping it’s for them. Everybody is waiting for their talk with the principal, though Peter would rather have it didn’t happen at all. There are multiple reasons for that, first off starting with the fact that he’s never been called to the principal before except for the first day he came back to school after Uncle Ben died – and that hadn’t been a strict conversation, but rather a reassuring ‘we’re all there for you’-kind of thing.
“Fuck you, Stark.”
“Make me.”
“What exactly happened?” T’Challa suddenly asks, confused about the whole ordeal. Tony just keeps on staring at Rhodey while the latter starts explaining.
true, so if anybody wants to look you up they won’t find anything other than that. As far as anybody’s concerned, you’ve been interning at Stark Industries the entire time.”
“What?” Tony asks, and Steve smiles at him.
intern.”
“But that’s not fair of me. It’s probably some bit of jealousy as well,” she admits, smiling with tears in her eyes as she looks down at her nephews bruised face. “After his parents dropped him off at our house, Ben and I took care of him like he was our own. The idea of him having another father running around… I was just scared that he would run off to you.”
