"Come on Cas, really?" Dean whined the first minute of the song. When he saw Castiel dancing next to him in the seat, the song became fun. Maybe it isn't classic rock, but it has a nice beat to it. And maybe, just maybe, Dean liked it. He smiles to himself and whispers, “shake it off.”
“Look, I didn’t realize how painful I made it for him. I thought he was content with what we had and I know I’m a prick for thinking that. But I was scared. And yeah, I didn’t know what my family would do and it freaked me out- but I also didn’t want to admit it to myself. I admitted to myself that I loved him and that I was in love with a man and that I wanted a future with him. But I still felt scared. Because I didn’t know myself. I was scared of myself. If I admitted it to other people… I didn’t know how to be myself anymore because I thought everything I grew up doing was all I had. But I realize I’m more than stupid expectations. The things I liked when I was ten could change and the things others told me to like- I didn’t have to. I get it now and I know it’s like, a little too late. But I’m trying.”
Krissy gasps at her phone flashing as each notification starts rolling in. Someone saved the poll and posted it on their private senior class Facebook page. Claire huffs in annoyance at the other person stealing their survey and posting it online, but Alex changes her mind when she grins saying, “at least no one will think it’s us if this person has it online. And now we can record the data for longer.” Claire gets on board but they agree to continue writing down the names of voters and what they are voting for.
Castiel slowly inserts another finger and holds still again. “Dean, I can't hurt you. I could very easily tear something.” Dean snorts a laugh and pulls on Castiel's arm.
Thinking about Dean was enough to push him to the edge. "Dean I need to-" Dean rolls back over bringing Castiel along over him and he grins, "it's okay. I want to feel it. I need to feel this Cas, I want you to come in me." Castiel nods and moans, closing the space between Dean's mouth and his.
Castiel stares between the teacher strutting off and Dean who's grinning like he won a prize. "What was that about?" Castiel doesn't mean to step over his boundaries, but when the teacher rolls his hand and slips the middle finger nonchalantly, he wants the details.
Castiel plants another kiss this time to his chest, “get over yourself, Winchester.” He smiles and sits up slowly, racing over to his pile of clothes, grabbing a travel size bottle of lube from it. “Sorry. I brought this on the date because I didn't really know where it'd be headed, but I'm glad that I did now.” Dean is laying on his back, against the cool wood floor. “You sure you want to do this, Dean?” Castiel gets broken whimpers as Dean shakes his head.
Castiel fumbles on the door handle to the restroom and swings it open, hoping there wasn't a window in there for Dean to have escaped and ran from. He wouldn't blame him, but a guy can hope.
The girl bites her lip. “I guess? Does he have a date?” Cas shakes his head no and she looks confused. “Maybe my friend can ask him. Can you ask him if he likes Lisa?”
Krissy frowns and Castiel feels his heart drop. That's the same face Claire makes at him all the time. "Fine." She doesn't blink and Castiel sighs. Great. First cry of the day. Castiel never has been around too many kids, he wonders if there's an age that the crying dies out. He thought it was infants and possible second graders who cried. He figured fourth graders started to mellow down and stay that way until puberty. Maybe not. Maybe that was just him.
Cas bites his lip and gulps. “Eventually though… It just bothered me. I’d see girls try and flirt with him and even though he didn’t do it back it felt wrong. He didn’t tell anyone he was dating me; or dating anyone for that matter, or that he loved someone already. He’d just let it happen. We started arguing more. Our biggest fight was when I asked him if he’d want to meet my family. He didn’t say no but his answer definitely wasn’t yes. He got all weird so I asked him when he’d be comfortable telling people. I told him I wanted to tell my family and friends and he said it was too risky since Sam could find out online. We didn’t talk for a week but he made it up to me. Said he’d tell his parents over spring break and I was happy again. And then back from break, he said he couldn’t do it. But I felt bad for him and tried to understand and wait but… Meg. It kills me. I can’t kiss him or hold his hand in public. I can’t tell the girls who hang all over him that he’s taken. It just got to me and I couldn’t do it.”
“You know how you girls were at Jody’s last night? Well, Castiel came over and we had a sleepover. We watched movies, ate food, did some fun stuff. I shared my pajamas.” Which none of that was a lie. They did eat and watch a movie. And they defiantly did some fun stuff.
Dean notices all of the rooms upstairs are dark except for the bathroom which he can see the sliver of light under. He knocks on the door and hears his friend grunt “go away,” and he knocks again. “Seriously, fuck off.”
Castiel doesn’t want to make it awkward. Charlie is such a sociable person that he feels comfortable around her. Not in the slightest bit worried she’d laugh him out of the office. “I was dating a boy.” She makes an ‘ooh’ noise and he laughs. “Was. He uh- he was closeted. Still is. We met last school year and we hit it off. And then I broke up with him."
Dean's daughter, Emma, smacks into Claire. Claire tumbles backwards and falls hard against the sidewalk. Castiel knows he can't yell at another persons kid, but come on! He looks down at Claire, she's emotionless. Staring at her now scratched up hands. Cas lifts her up and bends down to his knees. "Hey! Anyone have some neosporin and bandaids?" He doesn't mean to sound so frantic, but Claire has blood leaking slowly from her palms.
They wash off at the sinks and he tells Max to go without him. He finishes in the bathroom by flushing his face with water and staring at his own reflection. This was a disaster. It feels like betrayal even if Dean and he are no longer together.
“Dean, I swear, I only told Meg. I didn’t mean for this to happen. Are you really okay?” Cas looks around and sees a few people looking at them and he tries to step back. Maybe Dean can just tell everyone it was a joke and it can go back to normal for him.
It’s been less than a year since the New Years party but the memory has long been repressed by both boys. Dean and he talked about what it meant for them and Dean’s answers weren’t reassuring. He had explained how he didn’t know if he even liked guys and that Cas didn’t need to wait around for him to figure his shit out. Cas shared his worries of dating Dean and then losing their decade and more of friendship. So it seemed smart. Seemed mature of them to pull back and go back to being friends.
Dean snorts and brushes his palm against Castiel's cheek. “We just had sex and you didn't need it then.” Dean traces his fingertips over Castiel's mouth, “but for you, I'd do anything. It's Winchester. You?”
Alex asks Henry and his group of jock friends and nearly all respond with friendzone. A few marking their replies in the ‘fuck buddies’ column. But judging by their crude remarks, they mostly did it to laugh and show off. Their efforts clearly weren’t impressive and Alex rolls her eyes and moves on quickly to a new group.
Cas slowly walks into the room and it’s a miracle Dean doesn’t shoot his load the second Cas is in the room. The guy is standing, wearing a white lace mens thong with a matching garter belt. Dean feels himself drooling. “Get over here. Now.”
Castiel grins and stands up, hugging Claire and kissing her head. "I'll be right back out. I'll rinse off quick." Claire nods and strolls over to the pantry, pulling out a bowl and cereal.
He creeps closer and rubs his hand over Castiel's causing a quick breath. Castiel's eyes spawn open and Dean feels worried. He could've stepped over a boundary. "Sorry- I just thought, maybe... You could use some help. I can leave." He watches Castiel's eyes narrow down on him. Castiel's long fingers wrap around Dean's wrist and he pulls him in lightly.
Mr. Winchester lets out a loud laugh. “Um wow. I think I got about half of that. But I’m very proud of you for owning up to… all of that. I am disappointed that you felt the need to interview your peers with this, but I think I can forgive you. As long as you don’t go spreading gossip and rumors again.” He chuckles watching her head bounce in agreement. “To make you feel better, not as many kids are blabbing about this as you think. But you should know better.”
Cas looks around quickly. Scanning the field but doesn’t see Dean. “I need to find Dean.” Max makes an ‘ah’ sound. “Yeah I heard about that. So he came out for you? Congrats dude.”
So when Cas announced to his family that he would not have a plus one- no one tried to push for an answer. Dean, obviously, heard all about it and threatened to go beat up the guy if he came near Cas again.
Mary must have filled John in because he sees Dean and murmurs a sorry towards him. When Dean shrugs, John pats him on the shoulder and sighs. Not saying any more.
Claire turns around, trying to comb her now messy hair with her fingers. She looks up at him to complain but instead she looks at Dean and back at Cas. "What's that?" She points at the not so hidden hickey on Castiel's adams apple. The three other girls all look up from the glass to Claire pointing at Cas.
Dean doesn’t know how to really clear his name to Castiel’s best friend. Even if Cas and she haven’t known each other for long- Dean knows Meg is one of the closest people to him.
Despite his hesitation to try either- he gives in when Cas bats his eyes at Dean. And if Dean couldn’t say no before- the eyeliner is adding far more inabilities to refuse anything Cas asks him. Even when they order- Dean tries his best to not look off put.
"Castiel, would you care to sit with me and chat. If you have a pet iguana, do share. I hear that's all of the rage lately." Maybe Dean is embarrassing himself here. But when he hears a low laugh erupt from Castiel, it all feels worth it.
“This is never about you being enough. You are enough. I’m sure he’s just as torn now. But you had to take care of yourself. I know you’re not better off now, but you also wouldn’t have been better off staying. Maybe he'll realize all of this and maybe he won’t. But you’ll get through. I’m always right here.”
Cas broke up with Balthazar by Christmas break. Balthazar was insisting that Cas skip his family trip and join him in Europe. Apparently Balthazar and his parents like to choose a vacation spot each year and when Balthazar bitches about their choice location in comparison to his- they end up giving him an entire trip for him and a friend.
Castiel whined to Dean not to call him honey, but it was too late. The pet name stuck. But Dean's favorite thing to call him, is simply "Cas."
She points to all of the other parents, gathering at one table together, away from the kids. "Oh, right. What? You guys don't want us to sit with you?" Dean raises his eyebrow. How dare they. He's awesome.
"Mom loves me." Emma scrunches her nose and sticks her tongue out at Dean. "You're just jealous she has a boyfriend." Emma grins as Dean shakes his head. "You know, if you asked her out on a date, she wouldn't have to have a boyfriend."
Dean grins, “I also thought it was in common interest that I tell you I just can’t seem to keep away from Ms. Bradbury. I don’t know what drew me in… her lack of availability for dating or her raging lesbianism. But fuck! We make each other so happy.”
Alex snaps Claire out of her spiraling panic as she slumps into her chair and groans. “Did you hear? Becky fucking Rosen was blabbing about the poll to Mr. Lafitte. She seriously said, ‘they’re only friends right? I thought it would be you coupled with Mr. Winchester.”
Dean reaches into the drawer and sees a  blue knit sweater and laughs. “I definitely need to take you shopping one day, Cas.” He holds the thing up to his chest and smiles, “yeah I think I'm going to pass this one.” Dean pulls out a dark black long sleeve and gives a thumbs up. “I can work with this.”
Sam holds the boy's sticky hand while he goes to town on the sucker. Dean finds out from Sammy's yelling, that the kids name is Gabriel. And yes, he definitely likes his sweets.
“Anyways, I didn’t even know about it until today, but I’ve been secretly in love with all of them and we’ve all been in very real and long term relationships with one another. Ain’t that crazy?” No one dares to even blink as the four teachers stare at them all. After what feels like hours; but is truly only seconds, a girl in class, Maggie, raises her hand and stammers.
Castiel kisses the tip of Dean's nose, "I'd raise you from perdition any day of the week." Castiel looks around the stalls and scrunched his nose, "I really want to make out but this place looks rather disgusting."
Life went on as normal. Cas and Dean bouncing back and forth between each other’s houses. Their parents took them; and Sam to college tours and they helped each other fill out forms and write their admission papers. Dean and Cas both got into the same three schools so they decided from there what they wanted to do. Castiel got accepted into a more prestigious private school out of state that Dean kept trying to talk him into going to.
Right as Dean says that, the sound of feet hitting pavement is coming into distance. Mary smiles at the boy, "is there a problem here?"
Dean backs up, breathless, gaping at Castiel's tight tan stomach and sharp hip bones. The man could cut someone with those. And hell yes does Dean want to find out if that's possible. He drops his own pants, kicking his ankles out from them. He spins Castiel around, bending his back down against the hood of the Impala.
Castiel's hand brushes over her shoulder and he crouches down, "it was accident. Trust me, Dean isn't going to hurt me." He stands back up to Dean's level and winks quickly, "I don't think Dean could if he tried."
Cas piped up from the spot next to Dean and he joined Dean over his FaceTime. Maybe it was Castiel’s wild hair or how Dean’s lips looked swollen- but Mary and Naomi both smirked to each other before asking, “any news?”
Dean should care that he’s sobbing in the driveway with all his neighbors around to see out their front windows. But he doesn’t. Mary walks him into the house as Sam launches himself at Dean. Despite the giant being in his sophomore year, he’s never stopped being affectionate with Dean.
The two had their bags and boxes packed up and each family made the three hour drive to bring the boys to the dorms. Dean wanted badly for him and Cas to be roommates but Cas argued that with, “we’re going to be in the same building, Dean. I don’t want our friendship to end just because you or I leave a sock out.” Which Dean could understand. Even though he believes they’re better than petty fights over clutter.
Dean doesn’t want to go back to his dorm room and mope about Cas while being alone. He’s trying to start new. Rebuild his self worth so he can have enough courage to get Castiel back in his life. He knows Cas deserves a loving, patient and present boyfriend. And he is so close to gaining the confidence back in being present for him. This time in the right way. Being able to show him off to his friends and meet Castiels. Be able to spend holidays with each other’s families. Hold his hand when they go walking on campus and not purposefully leave a gap between them so no one suspects him.
John meets the boys in passing but doesn’t do much besides shake the new boys hands and give Dean and Cas hugs before he leaves to turn the television back on.
If anyone truly saw Dean this last month, he wonders what they would see. Because he doesn’t understand how anyone would think he was anything but empty.
Castiel whines, “Dean. I need you.” Dean feels his heart flutter. God, he hopes that is the truth, he hopes not a day goes by that Castiel doesn't want and need him there.
We just kissed for a long time and I went back to my room after. I was scared because it was in the last month of classes and I didn’t want him to go away after I felt like we just started. So I went to bed stressed out.”
Cas nods, “oh, okay. Well Meg asked me to ask you. I told her I wanted you to go to the dance with us, so she said that.”
Dean licks his lip and blushes, "this is a date?" He watches as the blue eyed wonder rolls his eyes with a nod. "Well I'm flattered then," Dean replies, hoping this goes very well. No one is ever this direct.
Max laughs, “thinking about your ex as you rebound? It’s ok. I get it… not the most rewarding of experiences, but obviously I can’t compare right now.” Cas nods sadly and wipes a tear that he didn’t know was even there. “What’d the jerk do? If you need me to make him jealous, let me know. I’ll just leave out the part about you screaming his name.”
Charlie is back on campus and complains about Jo not coming back as soon, so she begs Dean into going on a coffee date with her.
Castiel doesn’t even realize what he did until Max is tucking his cock back in his pants and the silence between them is unnerving. Cas with wide eyes whispers, “shit. I didn’t mean- I was…”
With Cas he always felt different. He didn't need to hide himself because he knew Cas got him. He saw every layer of self hatred and he saw when Dean would pretend. He’d double check with him when Dean would pull away and be insecure. If Cas asked him if he wanted a beer or a cocktail, he’d never judge Dean for saying cocktail. He never judged Dean for buying sweaters at the store and then saying he regretted his choice. Cas would always just say, “oh I thought they were rather adorable, actually.” He never stopped seeing Dean for who he was, under all the bricks he buried himself under. Cas saw it all and chose him. And all Cas ever wanted from Dean was to be seen and he did a shit job at it.
"What's wrong?" Castiel pats her shoulder. God he's going to feel this in his knees and thighs when he stands back up.
It's not like Dean wanted to spend his day with a bunch of whiny immature fourth graders. He didn't want to go out with a ton of the class moms on chaperone. He has no need to hear the ramblings of all of their rumors about the other parents failing marriages. But when your one night stand turns into a child, it doesn't matter what you want. Because the kid will turn out to be everything and the only thing you need.
Cas feels lost but says his goodbye to Max and keeps going. He sees Cassie; typically near Dean, and notices how she gives him a glare and he shakes it off. He is ready to give up and head back to the dorm when he sees a bouncy redhead jump and point at him. Anna, if Castiel remembers right.
Balthazar smiles and claps loudly. Meg tries to argue about her appearance being needed but Balthazar shushes her into silence.
Her eyes widen and she hugs Dean. “I’m so happy for you! Holy shit why didn’t you tell us to just fuck off? Or why didn’t your boyfriend? Jesus, who is it? I need to give them a gift basket.”
Before Dean can continue on about the plans for the day, Castiel pulls Dean's shirt into his grip. “Well I'll have enough time.” Dean's head falls back against the couch pillow and Castiel crawls onto his lap softly rutting against Dean and he lays desperate kisses over his face. “Dean- you're so beautiful,” Cas pants into Dean's mouth.
When the two are finished, they decide to clean up in Dean's shower. Where a round two may or may not have taken place. Once they are dried off in their towels, Dean offers Castiel some of his fresh clothes. He decides Castiel looks beyond sexy in plaid.
"Yeah, I will. I'm getting tired too. Goodnight, Cas." Dammit. Dean can't remember if he has called him by his full name yet and he just slipped out a nickname. He could up chuck a good amount of liquor just thinking about it. But his worries are all flooded away when he sees a hidden grin and rosy cheeks. "Goodnight, Dean."
But he cant say hes gay. Sure he's thought about what it could feel like for someone to fuck into his mouth. How it would feel to be opened up like a present on Christmas. Yet, women make him feel the same. All of his life it's been nothing but women. Dating them, kissing them, having a fun night in the safety of their home. But more time goes past and he can't help deny himself the thoughts of other men. Women do that. They admire females for their clothes and think they're beautiful. So, guys can think that of other guys too, right?
Their dates take turns whispering comments to their friends and blushing back to them. Dean seems to be thriving right now but Castiel feels rather overwhelmed. His stomach hasn’t ever felt this sick for no reason. Maybe this is the butterflies he’s heard of.
"Hi, I'm Castiel." The man's brown hair is a sloppy mess, yet somehow he pulls it off more than well. He squats down into the seat across from the man with a loose fitting flannel.
Dean shrugs, "Emma do you want to go?" Emma's face says it all. She hugs her arms around Dean and then springs off, hugging Alex and Krissy.
Castiel laughs and wipes his eyes, "considering this is a child, your child's, field trip, I would have to agree. But hey, they'll learn about that some time later. It happens. Thankfully it was just me walking in and not a kid."
A loud grunt echoes over the two of them and Castiel and Dean look up to a dirty blonde man in a tight plaid shirt, "Castiel? What are you doing?" Castiel and Dean exchange glances and Castiel mouths out, "oh."
When the quizzes are done, he actually lets everyone leave five minutes early. Maybe he’s trying to be nice (as he usually is) or he really just doesn’t want to be around his class. Claire can’t stand that thought. Alex and Krissy both pack up quickly and wait for Claire.
It’s not actually that bad. It’s not like Cas is disrespectful of their shared space and the guy isn’t always sleeping over. But every time Castiel’s phone rings Dean gets sick to his stomach. It’s always Balthazar this and that. Dean’s over it.
Castiel looks and sees five missed calls from Jody’s phone. “We don’t have time for you to drop me back at my car. Can you drive Claire and I back after?” Dean kisses his cheek, stretching his arms and standing back up.
Castiel lays down in the front open area of the boat. Although this boat may not be too big, it is roomy enough for the two. Dean's knee slots between Castiel's thighs and he feels fingernails squeeze against his shoulders bringing his down. “This is beautiful,” Cas pants.
“Castiel, will you go with me to the Cupid’s Dance?” A soft voice asks. Cas is stunned and he turns to the girl batting her eyes at him. Cas squints. Dean told him that only couples were going to the dance after school. He’s not dating anyone.
He pulls out of Cassie's hold. “It was actually a gift. From my boyfriend. Well, ex boyfriend. But yeah.” He looks away from Cassie’s annoyed expression, “Sorry Lis, kinda want to hold onto this one. Hoping he might take me back.”
Dean shakes his hand, “Dean.” Damn, he takes it all back. This man makes a trench coat look cute as hell. There's not one creepy thing he can imagine about this man. His eyes are piercing, even in the foggy early morning light. Blue suddenly is becoming Dean's favorite color. “Thanks. I was down at the bar. I'm just heading back to my car to sleep until I can sober up. I'll be all good.”
Claire takes the hint and gets up as Mr. Milton walks in and pulls up a chair to the side of Mr. Winchester’s desk.
Castiel's long fingers land on Dean's shoulders, “then come home with me. I have a couch or a small guest room if you'd prefer. I can drop you off at your car tomorrow.” Dean wants to follow this man back to his car and taste his tongue. But he's not gay, so that'd be inappropriate. “I insist. It won't be too warm in your car and you'll just use up all of your gas if you leave it on all morning.”
Castiel kisses Dean's chest and he brings his eyes to Deans. “I'm going to try something." Right now there's a glimpse of some new emotion in his eyes. Dean can't quite decide what it is.
A quiet noise catches Dean's attention and he gets up quietly. For a second Dean heard whispers. It is a different person's house- Castiel must be on the phone. But when the noise kicks in again Dean nearly chokes on his own saliva.
When the meals come Dean tries his best to give a smile and nod as the waitress sets down their food. But what the hell is it? This whole time Dean thought Ratatouille was sliced meats and vegetables. Not all vegetables. He can just imagine Sam finding out and smirking it up. Cas laughs, clearly seeing Dean’s train of thought about his meal and he switches their plates. “Kinda thought you’d prefer this?”
The two order balsamic goat cheese grilled plums and a Tarte Flambée for the appetizers. Dean watched Castiel’s face looking over the menu and he actually seemed intrigued by most. Dean was only slightly appalled… or maybe largely appalled. Where’s the damn buffalo wings and nacho plate?
Castiel is still thankful for Dean’s ask one day before his date about what clothes made him look best. Sure, Dean wasn’t dressing for Cas, but Cas got to tell his best friend some of the clothes that make him in the image of every wet dream Cas has ever had.
“Really? So I should go impress some ladies, and maybe some boys, by fixing their cars?” Dean huffs out an annoyed breath. “Why would I do that? Only person that matters is Cas and you can’t even talk about him.”
Castiel snorts, “I don’t ask for you to share. You just man-whore yourself so much it’s not hard to miss these stories.” He knows Dean doesn’t actually think Cas thinks that so he smiles when Dean cracks up. “But fine. I’ve known him for a long time and he’s been figuring out who he is and I blew him at the bowling alley. And then we fucked in his truck. Happy?”
Castiel shoves Dean hand away and arches his back so he can give Dean a peek at his ass as his mouth swallows down his cock. Castiel only has to bob up and down his shaft a few times until he feels Dean harden. Dean loses all thoughts and squeezes his balled fists onto the couch cushion. Dean groans when Castiel licks one last stripe up his cock and circles the rim of his tip in one quick motion. “Cas, don't just stop!” Dean feels his lower stomach grumble a hot build up. His dick is raging to be touched in any way.
Dean smirks at Castiel and Castiel squints, trying hard to throw him a face of anger. But it mainly looks as if Cas is trying to hide a laugh.
"Yeah. Sammy. He's such a smart kid. It's his first year at Stanford. He has a really beautiful girlfriend now. I was jealous meeting her, made me mad that I didn't have someone that beautiful. But right now looking at you-" Dean's snort cuts himself off. "I'm sorry. No chick flick moments here. I guess I just got wrapped up there."
Their teacher walks in, smiling wide like nothing happened and greets all the students with his typical charming smile. “How’s everyone’s day going?” No one says anything. The entire class is holding their breath. Obviously, the news traveled fast- that Becky can’t keep her mouth shut. “Well my day has been… let’s just say it’s been an awakening.” He smirks, “did you guys know, I’m currently romantically seeing Mr. Lafitte?” He yells out, “hey, Benny! Wanna come explain to the kiddos our love story?” Benny strolls in and pulls him into a side hug, he’s trying his best to bat his eyes but his lip twitches from holding in a laugh. Dean grins. “Let’s talk about teachers. Something about teachers that a lot of us don’t realize is that we actually have our own lives outside of school. Crazy right?” He brushes shoulders with Benny and goes on, “so, as a lot of you are unaware, Benny has been married to my good friend Lisa for seven years. But obviously, what we,” he points out between Benny and himself, “what we have, it was too real. Marriages be damned!”
Cas looks confused but nods along. “Dean, just breathe. You’re okay.” He sighs, “let’s go home. You have to sneak me upstairs though because I do not want your mom to see me this tipsy.”
As fun as put-put went, the girls have to leave so they can attend their own class. Dean goes back to a class, too. Which leaves Cas to his own fears.
Dean slaps Castiel’s shoulder as he’s driving, “Dude I’ve told you plenty. I told you about getting my first blow job! And hand job. All the jobs! And you can’t tell me? Seems a bit unfair.”
Castiel giggles, “well it’s not like there’s too many boys to choose from. But um… yeah. This one guy and I have been messing around lately.”
Claire laughs and Emma lets out a small “ohhh.” Dean shrugs and looks to his side at Castiel. Claire giggles again and pokes Castiel’s shoulder from the back seat. “So you are dating?”
The car ride back to Dean’s house was pretty silent. Besides the joke Cas made to Dean about “clearly not winning back Anna” the two ride in silence.
Castiel looks over at the wall of recently turned over photographs. He doesn't mind the fact that Claire flips them around every time she walks into the house. He gets it. Why would she want to stare at the pictures of her dad and mom?
Cas doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes so his friend grabs his chin. “Hey, look at me.” He smiles at him, “why are you scared? Can I help?”
Dean can’t even try laughing. If only he could just love Aaron. It'd be simple. “Cas. I love Cas, Sam.”
When they meet with the other groups of parents, Gabriel scribbles a checkmark next to all of the kids names. He claps his hands together when each of the kids are accounted for. "Guys- go get a tray from the counter and get in line by the back. They're going to give your food out."
He sees Castiel’s confused side glance and then waits for the call to end before addressing further. He asks Dean who he wanted to bring and before Dean thinks it through he shouts, “gonna invite Aaron.”
Mary laughs, “oh honey, we would never kill Cas.” She looks at him with a far different look. Cas stands off to the side and blows her a kiss when John looks away and she chuckles. Dean is scoffing but Cas just pulls him along, “I’ll make sure he takes care of the car.”
"You know why." Castiel shakes his head. "Come on then, I'll start, tell me about your travel. I know you've gone a bunch of places."
Dean smiles and rubs the tip of Castiel's dick. His precome is sticky against his fingers and Dean smears it against Castiel's lower stomach. He takes the head of his cocks into his mouth and let's it sit against his tongue.
“I didn’t understand that I even did. But I didn’t like seeing you with your boyfriends. It made me sick. I didn’t think that I was jealous. I thought I just didn’t think anyone was good enough for you. But it was more than that. I wanted to be where they were because… you’re the most special person I’ve ever known. When we were looking through the albums it just… something clicked. How I would look at you, I wouldn’t ever look at another person like that. Seeing us as toddlers and stuff was cute but the older we got… I know I loved you then. And I’m over trying to push that away because I still love you. It’s fucking me up, honestly. And I don’t want to say this and make it weird. Just tell me it’s never going to happen, okay? Because I’ll work on moving on. I really will, this time. But I can’t keep this in because it’s driving me crazy having to pull away from you so much. And I don’t want you to think I hate you or something because you didn’t do anything wrong. I just need some time to get over you and then I’ll be back to the same guy you’ve always known.”
Castiel licks his lips over. The look from Claire is enough to give him a warning that incoming tears are soon to rain down if he brings up Jimmy and Amelia. So instead he shrugs, "yeah, guilty."
It’s actually pretty freeing to have this all figured out. Cas had it all figured out even younger than himself. Dean wonders how he would be now if he had, too. Would Dean and Cas actually have dated? Would they have broken up weeks in and never spoken again? Would they still be together now if only he had known himself better? Dean ponders those thoughts but he has to shoo them away before it gets to him.
He doesn't realize how long he has spent on thinking about Claire, until she's fully dressed in front of him. Hair pulled out of her face in a tight braid. She's wearing a long sleeve black t shirt and a pair of blue jeans. "You going to get ready?"
Dean looks pained by the idea of moving before Cas states, “maybe I’ll let you ride me tomorrow morning.” Although it intrigues Dean he still grunts not moving. “Or maybe I’ll try tying you to the headboard and eating you out until you beg.” Dean sits up at that and Cas smirks, “but only good boys deserve that. So I guess I’ll go shower on my lonesome…”
Besides the small changes, no one looking at the two would ever know something was wrong. Conversations flowed and they had no awkwardness in how they spoke about one another. It was just the small things like Dean scooting away from him or how he’d pull away when their fingers brushed while passing each other different food. It was in the way that Dean wouldn’t meet Castiel’s eyes for long.
Dean lights up at the name and nods. He recognizes the girl from the photos Cas has in the dorm and from his recants of stories of his group. “Hi Meg.”
Dean talks to the girls for a while longer and then gives his goodbyes. Not before telling them they have his 100% permission to tell anyone they see. And it’s a good thing it was Lisa and Anna; these two are probably friends with the most diverse cliques and Dean knows it wouldn’t take too long for a good majority of his campus to find out. Even if the others don’t care or even know who the fuck he is.
Dean rolls himself out of bed and reaches for Castiel's hand. "Can I shower with you, Cas?" Castiel gets up and pulls Dean along with him.
The bus ride is the same usual delight of uneasy shaking and bumps. Almost forcing Dean to spring over the seat when they hit a pothole.
Gabriel rolls his eyes and walks over, "where's Lydia? I do far more enjoy her presence than yours, Deano."
When all of their guests have left; the boys and parents included, Dean talks Naomi into letting Castiel sleep over. Naomi was hesitant, what with Cas bursting into tears upstairs a few hours prior, but relents.
“Are you ready to head out? We are going to be a bit late,” Castiel whispers into Dean's neck. Dean groans and nods, “yeah.”
Dean doesn’t cry during sex. Never has before. But his eyes are filled with tears and he can feel them rolling off his face and dripping down Castiel’s back. Castiel must feel it too because he responds in broken moans, “Dean, always love you, love you always.”
Castiel looks up and grins, “are you asking me out on a date?” Dean climbs into his lap and winks as if to say yes. Castiel kisses Dean and lays his head back down. “I have this thing with not going on dates until I learn the man's last night. I am completely traditional, I know.”
Dean smiles into the kiss and lifts Castiel's leg higher, and then he follows to the other. Castiel is straddling to his chest like a fucking koala bear. Castiel's soft moans are echoing into Dean's throat. This is definitely better than what he could only imagine.
“So how did it start with you and lover boy? When?” Meg drags on, “Balthazar didn’t know anything until you came around moping but I could tell there was someone. You were constantly happy. It was a bit sickening, really.”
Dean tries his best not to meet eyes with Cas as walking in. But he was never a lucky man. The two look at each other with red rimmed eyes. The stare ends with Castiel’s eyes blinking closed so he doesn’t have to see Dean any longer. It reminds Dean too much of the exact last moment he and Cas had, the last time that they were so close in his room before Castiel rejected Dean’s love.
“Shit!” Cas stands up and puts his hands out. “Fuck. Dean just… please go. I can’t- please get out.”
Meg laughs at his comment and Dean can tell it’s not out of judgement. “As long as Reputation isn’t your favorite album…”
Anna and Lisa link arms and give Dean a wave and giggle as Cas comes over. Cas notices Dean’s wearing the sweater he bought for him. He feels a warmth spread over his body but doesn’t want to have his hopes be held up. “Dean what’s going on? Are you okay?”
Cas let’s out the highest laugh and pushes Dean. “Dean, what the fuck. You know this is a gay club right?” He tries to stop himself from laughing again but can’t hold it back. “Okay, maybe she wasn’t 100% gay, then. Good for you, truly.”
Dean tries to laugh it off but he sees Castiel freeze in the doorway. His eyes look like they’re filling with water and before Dean can say anything Cassie grabs his arm and says “can we go somewhere to talk?”
“You got company,” Dean says rolling his eyes. Charlie spins around in her bar stool to see a big eyed brunette walk over. Charlie takes the shot glass from Dean's hand and slurps it down and clearing her throat. She licks her lips over with her tongue and waves to Dean as if to say “don't wait up.” Dean knows the drill. The two have fun all day with larping, go out and get some food at a bar around ten, and then Dean sits around until morning creeps up when Charlie texts him that she went home with her latest fling.
Emma shrugs and climbs up onto the bar stool. "Mom said she's having a date this weekend. Am I staying over here?"
“Do you need a ride home anytime soon?” Castiel points at the small dresser in the corner, “your clothes are probably dirty by now. You can wear something of mine if you'd like, but fair warning, I basically just have a bunch of sweaters.”
The swishes of the oceans waves crash against the boat as Dean listens to the fast smacks of skin on skin. Dean grins at Castiel who is barely opening his eyes as he is rocking his entire body into Dean. Dean is always up for quick fucks but something about Castiel makes him feel tingly. And it's not because he is a few thrusts away from orgasm.
Cas grimaces. Not sure how to go about asking for help or even just someone to listen. And although he knows Dean would never date Aaron- it’s not in his best thoughts to talk to Aaron about his boyfriend. Ex-boyfriend. As he’s trying to form his answer, a red headed girl pops out of the office behind the desk. “Aaron, did you figure out where we’re going for the drag show yet?” She notices Cas after and smiles, “hey there new friend. Welcome to the gayest place on campus.”
The waves crash into the shore and Castiel takes a long inhale. The fresh air mixing with sea salt makes him feel alive. His whole life hasn't ever felt this thrilling. And yet, he has also never felt so at peace as he does now. He feels a brush over his fingertips and he grins. In the moment, he has a beautiful view to stare at, and the ocean has nothing to do with that.
He loved Dean. Loves him. Things would have been easy and Cas wouldn’t feel this heartbreak if only Dean had come out. But it’s never that simple. Cas understands that. But God does he wish things could have resolved.
Dean growls at that but takes the sandwich down in a few bites. Kids are tiring. He didn't realize how hungry he was until he looks down to empty hands. He guesses he was so tired that it drained him of every other thought. Except for his thoughts about Cas. God those haven't stopped once.
Dean moans as he slowly rocks himself into Cas. Castiel's entrance is wet and hot. Dean moans Castiel's name, loosing all knowledge of every other word in existence but Castiel's name.
"Can we not even make it into the house?" Dean laughs feeling Castiel's fingers trace the rim of his jeans.
Despite that dream, they have a plan already and Dean’s not wasting time to strip Cas down and see this plug for himself.
Dean's back arches and his arm hair stands up on rows of goose bumps. Fucking hell, this man's tongue is a God made gift to humanity. And humanity in this case would be Dean Winchester.
Dean laughs and points to the man with a green sucker, "Gabriel. If you were wondering." He cups his hands and shouts, "Gabe!"
Dean watches Castiel's face, obviously worried that Dean won't agree. He is Castiel’s first best friend. Dean is his only friend. What's he going to do if Dean says no? Dean ruffles Castiel's dark hair and looks at his best friend’s bed head mess. "Yes, now he is."
Before Dean begins, he sucks Castiel's thighs. Tens of bruises are forming into shades of red and purple. Castiel is a canvas and Dean's mouth is the paintbrush.
Mary and John overhear the boys and John yells, “curfew is still 1 AM. And if either of you drink I expect a call right away so I can pick you up.”
Dean closes his eyes to talk. “Sammy told me I was an idiot for trying to hide it. He’s right. It’s stupid of me to ignore it and not tell you. So I have to just say it so it’s out there and then you don’t have to feel bad about it, promise?”
Castiel moans rutting up against Dean and Dean lets Castiel grip his nails into his shoulder blades. Dean looks down at Cas, "fuck. The lube is all inside." Castiel frowns, nipping against Dean's neck. Dean kisses Castiel's forehead and backs up. "Wait, hold up."
Meg sets them down and swats Balthazar’s hand when he goes to dive in for a shot. “Hey- you get one. The rest are for Clarence and I to get shit faced. We do not have dates to impress.” She earns herself a glare but Balthazar throws back a shot regardless and smiles as he waves to a woman walking up to them with a tall man next to her.
Mary quickly steps in and picks up Sam from the ground. "No, Dean, skirts are for anyone.” Dean doesn’t look convinced so she goes on, “Some girls feel happy because it makes them feel cute. But there’s some girls who would rather not wear them. The same goes for boys- you all can wear them if you want. Besides, don't you think Cas looks cute?"
None of them could decide on music and Dean had to bring out his oldest rule of “driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.” Castiel smirked thinking about all the times Dean let him choose anyways. Dean put on some classic rock and eventually put in one of Castiel’s tapes.
Dean’s confused by that since people weren’t supposed to go upstairs. But it’s a house party so rules be damned he guesses. Maybe he found a cute girl.
As they arrive at the home, he sees Naomi pulling up to the house also. She jumps out of her car to hug Cas and before Cas can introduce Balthazar, Naomi turns away to face Dean and kisses his forehead and gives him a warm hug. “Oh I’ve missed my boys so much.”
That night they didn’t want to stop holding each other. Ever. But after Dean’s eighth missed call, the two groaned, pulling away. Mary and Naomi both made calls to Dean. When Dean called Mary back, the two were together over his FaceTime call and they sang happy birthday to him. Dean felt bad for ignoring so many of their calls but not for long. Naomi gave Dean a curious look and then Mary caught on quickly. “Where’s Cas?”
Cas feels scared. He doesn’t want Dean to leave him. If he’s already freaked out by an idea of Castiel’s love- what would he do when he actually knows.
They have two days left before school starts so Dean reserves a table at one of the fancier French restaurants near campus. He and Cas get ready separately. Cas tells Dean he’s not allowed to look as he’s getting ready because he wants to surprise him. Dean is not going to argue, but he does try to explain that it’s not like Dean hasn’t seen Cas wear cute clothes before.
He notices the one guy, Aaron, sitting at the front desk. Cas used to joke with Dean about Aaron. He was absolutely convinced Aaron had a crush on Dean. He knew from the way Aaron would interrupt whatever girl was speaking to Dean and try to interest him in a conversation between the two of them. He knew when Aaron invited Dean to dinner with him, to which Dean responded that he had plans but Aaron could join him and his friends the next weekend.
He thinks about the moments leading to it all. They were looking at a photo album. Cas blushes thinking about the photos. They were incredibly embarrassing to look at with Balthazar nearby. Because how happy Cas was with Balthazar was nothing in comparison to how he glowed in every picture with Dean. Maybe Dean saw Castiel’s desperation in every photo? It’s not like Cas tried that hard to hide his crush on Dean. He was very open about liking Dean.
This would have scared Dean shitless even months ago. But right now it feels like euphoria. He lets the feeling take him over and even when Aaron and he are standing and sated, he feels no panic.
Dean places his hands on Castiel’s hips and holds him in place. “I didn’t have to. But I wanted to. You deserve this, you always deserved this. I’m sorry I wasn’t ready sooner. You gave me so much time that I didn’t deserve. You’re the most giving person. And I took it for granted. Even if you don’t want me now, I want to live like someone who you would want.”
“Are you… Balthazar? Did I say that right?” He nods enthusiastically and she blushes, “it’s so nice to meet you. I’m Alicia. This is my brother, Max.”
The picnic was a surprise for Dean and he hugged Cas for a short second before putting space between them.
As much as Dean doesn’t want to ruin the guy's chances with whatever girl he found here, he decides he 100% needs to find him so he can rip him a new one for ignoring him as of late.
Everyone is trying to determine if he’s being serious or spewing a bunch of bullshit. He begins to lose people when he yells out again, “hey, Charlie Bear?”
Mary and Naomi scream their joys and it’s not long before Dean sees Castiel’s phone pinging on the table near him that John and Sam are sending congratulation texts. Mary puts the other men on and they both wish Dean a happy birthday, after sharing their happiness for the two boys.
Aaron looks amazed like he didn’t even think of that. So he clinks his glass against Dean’s. “To learning new things about each other.”
Cas doesn’t want to be rude so he grabs the rainbow button from the pile and tries to pin it onto the corner of his hoodie. “So what makes you stop in?” She gasps, “oh right. My name is Charlie. She/hers, just your average super lesbian.”
As much as he tries to think about anything but Dean’s new smiles and strange behavior- he can’t. It’s not like Dean is hiding a dumb secret. Cas would have already figured it out. He tries to think of the last time Dean acted normal around him and he remembers the Thanksgiving disaster. Aaron left and then Dean and Sam hid upstairs. Dean never did tell him why Aaron left. Why he really left.
Benny argues against Castiel’s suggestion and clearly keeps going because he hears, loud and clear, Castiel moan and shout 'oh fuck' into the bathrooms space. Dean should leave. Should book it out of here. But his body feels like stone and he feels sick. Why wouldn’t Cas tell him Benny was the guy he was hooking up with? And why wouldn’t Benny tell Dean he was interested in guys? Really, both of his closest friends?
Alastair grunts and struts off in the opposite direction, glaring back behind his shoulder as he walks away. Ruby catches up, the wagon trailing behind her. "Everything okay? I see you found the boys."
“Hey, Jody! I’m so sorry. We- I slept in late. Cas needed a ride so we will be there shortly. I am so sorry,” Dean panics into the phone. The impala is hauling down the street and he turns quickly into the neighborhood where she lives.
His mother and father were strict, but also kind. They wanted to help people. Castiel and Jimmy were their only kids, but they took in several people off of the streets and gave them a home. That's admirable.
Dean, still holding Cas, trails his lips from Castiel's mouth, down the side of his neck. Sucking against his tan skin. Feeling electrify shoot through him every time Castiel groans into Dean's hair. He smiles when Castiel's hands grip tighter into his shoulders. He feels Castiel's legs bump up and down his waist as he hits his sweet spot.
Dean looks down at Castiel's order. Thank god. Whatever this meal is- it looks like a ham and cheese sandwich and that is far more in Dean’s comfort of eating.
Cas laughs, on the hysterical end and not the giddy side, “the day you and I met, I actually had just told Dean I loved him. Just blurted it out and he looked so surprised and I booked it. I ran and when I literally plowed you over… well that was it.”
Dean whistles, "wow you weren't kidding when you said extensive." He laughs softly, "so are you the oldest, middle, or youngest?"
When Mary sees Cas she almost drops a pan in her rush to place it. She wraps her arms around Cas and kisses his cheek. “Oh I’ve missed you so much!” She then looks at Dean who’s whispering ‘yeah we get who your favorite son is.’ She yanks Dean into her other open arm and squeezes the two together in her grasp. “Hush Dean. Oh I love all of my boys, thank you for coming home.”
"Dad! Do you see how big that bone is!" Emma is nearly screeching from the opposite side of the dinosaur exhibit. All three girls run after her and Dean puts a check mark next to dinosaur exhibit. So far they've only gone to three sections of the museum. Dinosaurs, mythical creatures, and rocks. Which, Dean isn't complaining. They really are cool.
Claire runs over when she turns around to see the two. "You have to look at this! It looks so gross!" She tugs at Castiel's arms and he quickly follows behind her so his arm isn't ripped off.
Cas whispers, his voice shaking, “Dean I really appreciate it, but I have a fucking plug up my ass right now. I’m fine,” Dean’s face looks across in surprise and slight disbelief. When Dean goes to talk, Cas whispers again, “if you’re about to ask me if I'm sure- I swear…” Cas looks winded all while finishing his Ratatouille and Dean understands. His boyfriend is fucking hot. “It’s a pink silicone plug. Rainbow gem.”
"Castiel Novak." The two shake hands and Dean feels his face fluster with red when he feels the hard grip when there hands meet. But when he drops his hand, it goes right back around Claire's shoulder.
Cas glares, “no.” He watches his friend bat his eyes and he doesn’t fold. “Balthazar, no.” He glances over at his other friend who hummed a noise at Balthazar’s downright moronic question. “God. Tell him he’s ridiculous, Meg!”
Dean asks for Ratatouille. And that might be because it’s the only word on the menu he knows how to say. But if it’s good enough for that rat- why wouldn’t it be good enough for him? Cas smirks at him when he asks for a Croque Monsieur. Whatever that is.
Instead of letting guilt take his entire mind and body, he decides to reach out to someone. The school’s student run GSA (Gay Straight Alliance) has to have answers for him. Some kind of opinion on the situation. Maybe they’ll be mad and tell him he made the worst mistake. Or maybe they’ll help him heal.
Castiel lets his hips jerk and he sets them to a quicker pace. Dean feels the waves underneath slowly rock the boat back and forth. And if that's not one of the hottest things (besides Cas) then he doesn't know what would be.
Claire waves goodbye and Mr. Winchester, through a mouth full of sandwich, says, “and don’t sweat the gaydar thing. I think you are just fine.”
But before he questions it, his dick is siding against Max’s and Max’s hand is stroking the two together. Cas moans and lets the feeling wash over him. Max comes within minutes, groaning into Castiel’s neck in chants of “fuck,” and “god you’re so hot.”
Dean sees Castiel's eyes flicker up to him. He blushes in front of him and jumps into the song right on time, this time louder- yet still soft in desire.
Dean moans loud into Castiel's ear and uses his legs to keep shoving Castiel into him at a fast pace. "Oh. Cas. God. My. Cas. Fuck," Dean chants. The jumble of those words roll of his tongue with each moan.
Maybe this isn't how Dean hoped to spend his day. He planned on grabbing a coffee with a women he met outside of a yoga class next to Bobby's nicknack store. Lisa Braedan is a beauty. Too bad he will never get to know more of her. If she gets mad about the last minute canceled plans, she can blame Lydia.
Dean wants to defend his ego. But everything that second feels like it's piecing together. He's not gay, he's bi. He can still like women. He isn't being required to choose a side in what sexual fantasy he chooses to have. He always figured it was split between hetero and homo. Castiel laughs again and pats him on the shoulder, “glad I could help inform you.”
"Dean. Oh god. Dean. Dean," he hears chanting from the room next door. Soft grunts of sexual bliss fill Dean's mind and he feels his dick twitch in his jeans. Would Castiel be having sex with a guy named Dean. Maybe it's just a coincidence. But Dean's a light enough sleeper to hear a door open and close. From what he recalls, no one else came or left this house. Maybe Castiel wants this as much as Dean does and didn't know how to ask. He's having to get himself off. As pleasing as that sounds visually to Dean, it also makes him feel motive. Castiel can't be jerking off calling his name and then be repulsed if Dean walks in.
Dean looks at the clock on the living room's wall. It’s only twelve right now. People usually don't show up until two in the afternoon. “We should probably head out by 1:30 if we want to get their on time.” Dean shrugs, “plus you'll have to get a costume when we get there. If you're walking with the queen and her handmaiden, you need to look the part.” Castiel smiles exposing small lines near his mouth.
Dean signals his hand up but Cas grabs it from across the table and pulls it down so they're holding hands across from one another. “Come on, if something is wrong we can-”
The annoyance of sharing a room with Castiel doesn’t hit him until Dean finds Cas in bed with some guy. Cas talked a lot about meeting someone and described their relationship as “we just help each other with classes and then occasionally have sex. It’s not a big deal.”
Castiel scoots out from the table and winks at Claire, "I'll leave you girls alone for now. Don't you are wander off. We're meeting back up when everyone is done." He is still hesitant to leave, but Claire seems happy. God does it feel good to see Claire happy.
Dean runs to the back of his car, lifting the trunk and grabbing out a backpack. He laughs, "bingo!" He runs back over to Cas and rips a small package in his teeth. "Protection babe." Castiel smiles, pulling Dean closer.
Castiel squints and watches Dean turn away to look at the hand dryer. A laugh erupts from his mouth. "Okay, I get it. Jerking off in the bathroom stall. I'm sorry I interrupted that."
Dean tries to make him feel better but he doesn’t have the words to reassure Aaron. Aaron gives Dean a sad half smile and kisses his cheek. “I called a cab. It’s going to take me to the bus station.” Dean tells him he’ll pay for his travel and Aaron lets him, “for what it’s worth- you’re an amazing guy. And Cas would be the luckiest man on Earth to have you. Take care, Dean.”
When Cas comes out, Dean does have to do a double take. Because Cas definitely got a new outfit. He’s wearing a black jumpsuit. The pants hug his ass beautifully and Dean could drool staring. The top half is a sheer long sleeve with a sharp v neck and puffier shoulders. He looks like a walking wet dream. It doesn’t help that Cas left his hair shaggy. And hold on? Eyeliner? Deans not going to get through this dinner.
On the way over to the party Cas says very matter of fact, “I’m going to drink. I’ll be fine, but I want to drink. Can you make sure not to- so you can still drive?”
Castiel chuckles, "you call your car baby? Why? Did you have a child experience for your inspiration of name?"
Dean laughs and wipes his forehead on the way to the car. Even though the girls are inside the car and the windows are still up Dean whispers, “Cas- we should do this again. Next friday?” Castiel winks lowering into the seat.
Dean works up a quick rhythm, meeting Castiel’s desperate attempts to get Dean deeper. Dean holds under Castiel’s waist, making sure there’s no space possible between the two bodies. He slams into Castiel until he goes incoherent and the only words leaving Castiel’s mouth sound like a foreign language.
Meg looks like she questions herself and her own wording but says, “you broke Cas and I want to ask why. Why couldn't you just… do it for him. He doesn’t think he deserved you or was good enough to make you choose him. And it’s shit to watch as a friend because that guy would give his life for you. And I only just found out the reason for his obnoxious constant happiness this week when I had to see him break down.”
Max kisses Cas’s cheek. “For what it’s worth, he’s an idiot for not showing you off to every last person.” Cas realizes he’s still standing with his pants around his low thighs and pulls them up and zips close. He opens the lock behind them and apologizes again.
Dean almost forgot to introduce Aaron but quickly states, “this is my friend, Aaron.” Aaron looks thrilled to be mentioned and says, “you look lovely, thank you for having me.” Naomi hums her answer and starts walking inside.
So instead Dean gets to his room and meets his roommate, a shy guy, Aaron. And Cas meets his assigned roommate. He happens to be roomed with an arrogant British guy named Fergus. Who wants to go by ‘Crowley,’ like it’s so much better than Fergus.
A good few hours creep by before the two of them move a muscle. Dean shifts a lot, telling Castiel he hopes the next time will be have a more comfortable aftermath, because currently his ass feels beat. Castiel drains Deans complaints with gasping breaths as he latches his lips onto Dean's neck yet again.
Maybe Dean saw his real emotions that crept through Castiel’s expression. Now Dean’s acting weird because he knows how Cas feels. Is he trying to let him down softly? Cas finishes rinsing his hair and body and then gets out of the shower.
Their high school years were over and Dean spent the summer working at his Grandpa Campbell’s hunting and outdoor gear store and Cas spent his working at a movie theatre. And he totally didn’t let Dean in for free every time. No way.
“Sorry gentlemen.” She reaches over to shake both of the guest’s hands and let’s Dean and Cas introduce them. Balthazar compliments Mary’s home as being ‘comfortable’ and Dean’s ready to fight the guy there and then. But his mom accepts the rude off-hand compliment with her kindness. Cas looks at Balthazar like it’s the first time he’s ever heard such bullshit from the guy.
"Claire, Emma, Krissy! Come here!" They all rush over, even Dean and Cas. Because what else would they be doing if not trying to get their daughters to wrap it up so they can get home.
The tall boy is grinning and glaring at the two of them with Castiel's bag in his hands. Dean glares back and lowers his voice the best he knows how. Thanks to the time John once was showing off his deep voice and Dean wanted to try. "That's not yours," Dean says standing in front of Cas. "You need to give it back."
Dean helps lift Sammy up into the wagon and the other woman smiles and lifts her son into it. "Thank you so much! You're so kind." Mary and Ruby continue discussing boring stuff that Dean really has no interest in. Grown ups sure can talk a lot. Sammy and the little boy are giggling in the wagon, the other boy holds onto Sam's hand and hands him a sucker from his pail. "Can-dee is the bestest."
Castiel looks mortified. As if two consenting adults should feel ashamed of this. Dean slowly rubs himself against Castiel's erection and nods, letting him know he is okay with this. With all of it.
On the way out of the restaurant Castiel and Dean both link hands, "so where to? Do you have anywhere in mind?" Castiel asks.
Castiel rubs Dean's back with the tips of his fingers and he smiles up at him. "What do you want now?" Dean blushes and shrugs, "I don't know." Castiel pulls at the waistband of Dean's boxer shorts and pulls them down past his ass. Dean inhales a sharp breath and moans as Castiel's hand grabs his ass. "What way do you want this done?" Dean shrugs, "I've never done this before. What way is better?" Castiel rolls onto the top of Dean and sits himself down between Dean's legs.
“Hey!” He hears a loud but comforting voice sneak up. A man in a long tan trench coat rushes towards him. Is this a moment he should be running, because come on, trench coats are sketchy as hell. “Oh- sorry. I hope I didn't frighten you. My name is Castiel, I was driving by and felt bad. You looked really cold.”
Castiel simply nods and reaches down, pulling Dean's suit down as far as his arms can. Dean wiggles out of his suit and rolls off of Castiel, laying onto his back. “I've never done this before,” he quietly says, hoping Castiel doesn't scurry off with laughter. But he doesn't. He just kisses Dean’s temple. “Cas, what if it's not all that good for you. You have experience right?” Castiel nods and shushes him. “Cas! I just don't want to screw up for you.”
Dean pulls his body back up and he takes a few more breaths coming down from his blissful release. “You really tired me out there, Cas. You should do that more often.” He feels his cheeks rush with red blush when Castiel chuckles against his chest. “I'll do better the next time for you, but for now can I just give you a blowjob? My mind feels too fucked to work right now.” Castiel rolls his body up so hes sitting in the far end cushion.
Castiel’s eyes widen and he stares in panic at Dean. And Dean can only look the same way back. Cole snickers and elbows Benny as if to ask, 'you seeing this?'
Between the saliva and precome, Cas is able to fuck into Dean slowly. Dean, ever the brat, tells Cas he’s not so sure he’ll be able to come again. Which only drives Cas to fuck harder. He pounds Dean against the wall and brackets his body and takes his time running his hands up and down Dean’s sides and reaching between the wall and Dean's front to grip Dean’s dick to jerk as his come pumps into his boyfriend.
Lisa looks between Bela and Cassie. “Clueless this one.” She looks back at Dean with her big smile and sparkling deep eyes. But these eyes don’t do a single thing for Dean. He misses blue. He misses getting lost in his eyes. Only his. “The song. What did you think?”
Castiel rolls his eyes, "I am not a child Dean." He looks at Dean's eyes wide in anticipation. "But I would love to go on a date with you. When?"
When he thinks that thought it’s like his brain malfunctions. He was in love with Dean. No, he’s in love with Dean.
"Well you're mom can always come back here and buy it. If she collects them, it'll be here waiting."
Dean gets up quickly, feeling weak and sore, but he ignores it. “Honey-” Dean grabs Castiel back towards him, “Cas. Come with me then,” Dean strokes up and down Castiel's arms. “We can pack whatever you need and you can come back with me. If you want to keep working with animals, there's a ton everywhere you will go.” Dean kisses Castiel's nose, “and if you want to find something else, then I'll be right there to help you.”
Claire isn’t sure what happened but Mr. Miltons daily visits to their fourth period class have been lacking. He always would show up within the first ten minutes of class each day and asks their teacher for some useless teaching item. Like the man doesn’t have enough expo markers, pencils, and rulers in his own
Castiel steps closer to Dean and puts his hand on his shoulder, "Dean, if something's wrong you can tell me. I need to know if you need help with anything or who to even go to to get that help."
Before Cas can let his thoughts spiral out of control, he surprises Dean by their next plan of the day. They meet the girls at a tea shop and then walk from there to mini golf. Thankfully having Jo and Charlie with them, the awkward tension fizzles out. Dean jokes with Cas and he let’s Cas place his hands in position on the putter when Dean groans about his shot not being good enough because “my hand slipped.”
Living with Cas has been a dream compared to Dean’s last semester. Honestly, he’s confused why Cas had such an issue with it in the first place. The two have been having sleepovers every other few days since they were four years old. Cas even lived at the Winchester house for three months once when Naomi had to travel out of the country. Rooming at college has not been awful and Dean has been extra careful so Cas doesn’t have a reason to think otherwise.
Cas asks the waitress for a glass of water when she walks by. "So I know you said you didn't want to keep the conversation too personal, so can I ask what you want to talk about?"
Castiel doesn’t react when Meg dumps herself back into the chair beside him. “Saw you just staring off over here. Figured you needed to be checked on. I saw you leave with Max,” she wiggles her eyebrows. Castiel’s sigh breaks into yet another sob and she straightens up quickly. “What did he do? Where is he?”
But Mr.Winchester, I really want that tiger." Dean rubs his forehead. Why did he decide to load the kids up with ice cream? Oh right, maybe he shouldn't share his sexual fantasies out loud. Dean is going to start yelling.
Castiel lets out a heavy breath and smiles through his tears. “Inias was my boyfriend. We broke up.”
Cas only invited one of his most recent friends, Inias. Said he didn’t need to ask anyone since Dean was already going to be there, but he’d still invite someone just so his mom wouldn’t lecture him about branching out and socializing.
In a few tries, he reaches the bottom and rests his nose against Castiel's skin. He palms his hands over Castiel's balls and listens to the choir of Castiel's moans. “Dean- I need to-”
Their families help them move into the new apartment, like their tradition each school year so far. And they give them their goodbyes after a pizza party in the half set up apartment. Although their moms offered to stay later, John told them to let the boys breathe and figure it out on their own. Dean’s sure it’s just because John knows Mary doesn’t want to be stuck with cleaning tasks, and he knows that Naomi will start cleaning and then never want to leave because she’ll always find something new to work on.
John scoffs, “what makes you think that?” By the look Dean gives him John folds and smirks, “I once wrote Mary a poem. Read it in front of all of her friends. They all made fun of me and it was probably the worst poem ever written. But obviously she liked it enough to stick it out.” Dean and John share a few more looks and then John asks Dean about going inside and asking Mary if they want to order lunch that he can go pick up.
Dean interrupts Cas by pulling his friend in for a hug. “I don’t care who you like. Boys, girls, it doesn’t matter to me.”
Everything seems to be going smoothly until the girls show up. Cassie, Amara, and Hannah walk down the stairs and Cassie immediately goes in to kiss Dean. Cole gives him some whoops and smacks Dean’s shoulder for his PDA. Hannah and Amara; Cassie's friends, are quiet but they both try to talk some with Benny and Cole as Dean and Cassie are busy getting back to making out sloppily to the side.
Meg shrugs, “I’m always on your side. You know that.” Cas smirks at Balthazar but Meg sighs, “but... I think maybe he’s right? Just about socializing. You’ve turned into a hermit, Clarence. I mean- this is; what? The third time I’ve seen you in the past month?” She frowns, “I’m just worried about you. And I don’t know what to do. I’m not one for this touchy-feely crap. I could’ve killed the guy by now if you just told me the name of the sorry bastard who hurt you, though.”
"Hi." She says, flopping onto a chair at the small black table. She's still in the same dark hoodie she was in three days ago. Castiel forces himself to face her and he tries to give his best smile. She yawns into her hand and stands back up, "I think I'm going to shower. Will you be ready to go by 7?"
“I can't do lunch today Cas, Charlie and I go to the park on Fridays. But I was thinking maybe- if you wanted, you could come with me.” Dean tries to watch for a sign of discomfort in Cas but he can't find one. “I know it may seem nerdy and everything…” Castiel leans forward, closing the space between them. His mouth kisses a wet trail on Dean's jaw line.
Claire hugs Jody, “thank you for letting me come over.” Jody nods and grins and the men. “It was no big deal. Anytime you want, just come over.”
Dean is still bouncing off the imaginary wall surrounding them and he declares, “Cas, I’m going to go ask Lisa to the dance.”
The building is practically designated for all students with it being so close to their campus, but there’s far more freedom compared to the dorms. With the added help of funds from Castiel beginning to work with their campus food services and Dean working the check in desks at the library, they are plenty excited for the opportunity.
Claire stops and stares at Castiel with a smirk cemented on her face. “What is it, Claire?” Cas says raising his eyebrow at her. She looks up at Dean and shrugs.
The rest of their sophomore year passed quickly. Dean and Cas barely leave each other’s sides. Not like it was much different than before they got together, but Jo did mention on a constant occasion that “you two make me want to vomit from how cute you are.” While Charlie would just happily watch and tell them how happy she was to finally see them together.
Gabriel waves at the two and looks at his phone, "on that note I'm going to go catch up with the other groups and see if they're doing okay. Keep it G-rated guys."
When Dean gets back from his last class, Cas is asleep on his bed with a book covering half of his face. He startles up when Dean comes over to move the book off his lips. “Dean?”
Castiel spins the bottle and slumps to sit down. Like the game itself is draining the life from him. The bottle actually spins for a decent few seconds before it slows down.
They make it to their reservation on time. After Dean scolded Cas to keep his hands to himself when they were in the car, because clearly Cas wanted Dean to ruin their plans with how grabby he was. Which would usually be a dream- but honestly, Dean wants Cas to have something this nice. Their dates; while always extremely fun, have never been so fancy and dammit the guy deserves this.
John watches Dean run and hug his best friend and he shrugs, "no worries. Everyone has their thing.”
Max doesn’t look overly invested but also gives him a contemplated gaze. “I mean what I heard was that ‘Dean Winchester is totally gay and he’s in love with Castiel.’ I guess that could be an outing, though. Good luck finding him.”
He lets his head rest against the floor boards and moans as the build up he felt in his lower stomach is releasing. Slick come coats over Dean’s chest and hits against Castiel's stomach also. When the spray touches Castiel's skin he pushes himself into Dean for the last time before he, too, comes. He holds tight onto Dean's hand and moans against Dean's neck, feeling every last second of his release.
“How many times do I have to tell you? I think you being a nerd is what makes you such a catch, Winchester.” Castiel's voice is low and almost needy. “I would go anywhere with you.  I would do anything with you.” Dean wants to melt into the ground beneath him. To feel Castiel have him right here. But Dean also wants to hold this man, nothing more than that. He wants to lay with him in his arms, forever, if he could. “What time does the queen need you by?”
Castiel shrugs, "I don't judge. What were you thinking about when you..." Castiel bites his tongue and shoves his fists into his pockets. "I don't mean- I'm not- I just-" he clears his throat and looks at Dean. "Just interested. Since we are at a children's outing today. Seems like a strange place, y'know?"
She squeezes Dean’s hand. “I was much more open to the idea, and it took him some educating but we both agreed we would never disown a child for something so small. Something you or anyone else can’t change about themselves. I think; and hope, he’ll come back with better words for you.” She laughs, “I married him based on all the things we agreed on and promised one another. If he goes back on this promise, I won’t feel bad about putting him out on his ass until he understands.” Sam snorts at his mom and Dean actually lets a small smile shine out. Mary gets up and kisses Dean’s cheek. “I don’t know half of the things that go through that man's head. But I want you to know Dean, your dad will always love you. Even if I have to knock that back in place,” she kisses him again and cups his face. “Sam and I- we will always love you. There’s nothing you could tell me to make me stop.”
She doesn’t answer but she puts her arms out in ask of hugging and Cas gives in and let’s her squeal into the hug.
Cas sends her fury with his gaze and Max chuckles at the feud, “if you need any help with that... let me know,” he winks at Cas.
Dean scoffs, “1989.” He coughs to refocus because he’s sure Meg wasn’t here to talk about Taylor Swift with him. “What do you want to talk about?”
The car ride to the Winchesters was even worse. Cas and Balthazar sat in the back and Cas kept meeting Dean's eyes in the rear view mirror. Dean drove with Aaron up front. Which felt weird because that seat has been reserved for Cas and his brother Sammy for years. Aaron dressed up, nice slacks paired with a button up. While Dean was wearing jeans and an old band t-shirt. Cas wore a long sweater dress. Which is frustrating the hell out of Dean to be honest. Balthazar at least dressed down like Dean had. And although Dean’s in similar clothing, he still feels resent towards Balthazar for not even trying to get put together to meet the family.
Dean tours Castiel to the rest of the house. Pointing towards the few family photos he has. Which are basically just his uncle Bobby, Sam, and him at holidays.
And then Dean remembers that Aaron is his roommate and he whispers “what the fuck did you do,” to no one in particular.
Dean laughs to himself and sits outside the door for another few minutes before he knocks again. This time a different voice answers and Dean feels his stomach drop inside his body. “Shit. Benny, we should just stop.”
Cas laughs, “about the same drama as far as I can tell. Except the sex is far better, I can assume. Unless you find a girl into pegging then it might be equal.”
He has thoughts swimming in his head but snaps back out of it when he hears Cas all but scream through his orgasm.
Cas gasps, “I’ve always wanted you. Don’t say that.” He looks at how sincere Dean’s eyes are gazing into his own. “Dean, but what about your family?”
When they walk out Dean grins at Cas. "You bought her the fucking tiger didn't you?" Castiel bites his lip and hides the bag behind his back.
Castiel erupts into laughter and lays his head into his hands. “Bi-sexual. It means you're attracted to both male and female. Did you not know that was a sexuality too?”
Dean pulls a pair of grey sweat pants over a pair of bright orange boxer briefs. “Hey. I was thinking- maybe you and I could get something to eat today. If you want.”
A good ten minutes rolls by and the door creaks. "Dean, are you okay? Are you sick?" Castiel knocks on the closed stall door. Thankful he knows it's Dean because no one else is in the bathroom but the two of them.
"Krissy, Dean bought you guys ice cream. As your lovely chaperons, we aren't supposed to get things. And you're old enough to slide by without this one. Right?"
It's a weird feeling to watch your own father dedicate his life to his other family. Not once did he come see Dean's teachers or watch his cheer competitions. But that's not what bothered him, what truly did was seeing Sammy's face drop into a frown every time it was game day and their dad forgot to drive over. Those moments cut like blades. That's when Dean decided to never let Sam go a day without praise. Either it be, "good job Sam! You went to the potty," or "I'm so proud of you. Get your schoolwork done. You could go far enough- maybe even go to Stanford." Which he indeed did.
Dean feels his body flushing over in heat and he steps closer. “And I don't have a husband either. I- I am not gay.” Castiel grins and wipes his mouth, “so what are you?” Dean feels his stomach tingle. “I like women.” Castiel smiles, “good for you. Some ones ought to.”
It’s not like Cas and Dean weren’t physical. They loved holding each other in hugs and slept in the same beds for their whole childhood and much of their early adulthood, still. They held hands on occasion and constantly would find a way to stand as close as possible to the other. But nothing has ever been like this. Dean’s never been so purposeful in gripping Castiel’s hips or squeezing his ass. Cas has never been so breathless from grinding his groin against Dean’s and he’s definitely never sucked on Dean’s throat like his life depended on the act itself.
Dean thinks he's in control. Everything happening is because Castiel is following his lead. But he knows he is terribly wrong when Castiel slides his cold hands under the hem of Dean's shirt. Slowly rubbing his way up his chest. Dean feels his knees wobble and Castiel takes his moment to bring one leg around Dean's torso. So that's how this is going to be.
During lunch the three girls spend the first eight minutes scarfing down as much food as they can, so they can carry out their mission. They make it to nearly every table before lunch is over. They write down each student's name so they don’t face getting multiples from the same person. Josephine and Aiden are the first to record responses. Krissy spins her hair on her fingers while talking to Aiden, who agrees they are just friends. He argues that Mr. Milton is definitely gay but there is no way Mr. W is anything but straight. Josephine rolls her eyes and fist bumps Claire because, “their chemistry alone can answer this question.”
Dean steps into the shower, letting the water trail down his skin, washing away evidence of the entire morning. But even if he goes home clean, he won't ever go home the same man after today. Castiel has made him feel all sorts of emotions.
Hell. They both have a night off. It looks like the big man gave them their wish. Or maybe not God. Considering their wish was to spend a not so innocent night together. None the less, they both owe a big thanks to whomever set this up. Dean winks at Cas as soon as the girls walk away with Alex's mom. "So Cas- were both free tonight."
Dean clings into Sam's hug and Sam quickly reads the room and looks to his mom for answers and direction. Mary tells Dean she and Sam will bring his things up in a while, but Dean's free to lay down in bed or on the couch in the meantime. Because “you must be tired from driving,” despite it being only an hour drive.
Dean grins, brushing his hand through Castiel's head of hair. Castiel pulls out from Dean, rolling onto his back. “You are so great Dean,” Castiel says softly. He wants to roll onto his side and stare at Dean; counting his freckles, but instead he continues to lay flat, looking up. “I like you, Dean Winchester.”
He tries to see any emotion Meg is feeling towards him but is unsure. “Listen, I still love him. I’ll always love him. And I want him back and I want to make him proud and I want to give him everything he deserves. So I’m trying to help myself so I can actually love him how he needed the whole time.” He laughs, “I wouldn’t be sitting here; in public, in a fluffy purple sweater listening to Taylor Swift as I write a paper on gay panic if I wasn’t really trying.”
Castiel smiles and pulls himself from out of Dean. Looking at the trail of come leak out from Dean in small trickles. "We should really clean up, Dean. I feel sticky." Dean nods, "yeah. That is not a false observation buddy."
Dean tries to ask but he’s not sure Cas wants to talk about it. Dean plays with the bee necklace around his neck and settles into the bed. “You sure you don’t want to just come up here? You still fit.”
Dean gets up quick and lines himself behind Cas. Palming his ass and tracing over the lace. He can see the plug under his thong and groans as he taps on the gem and listens as Cas moans at the pressure. Dean would love to stare and admire Castiel’s ass all of his life but the guy feels like he’s about to come all over the bed and he’d rather get a bit of touch before that.
Instead Castiel laughed at Dean's witty jokes. And Dean smiled at every one of Castiel's childhood stories. Dean is almost envious of Castiel's life.
Dean watches Castiel’s confidence and can’t help taking his time to follow behind Cas as he gets a good look at his boyfriend. “Fuck yeah,” he whispers in response to no one in particular.
Dean can taste his pre-come as he rests his tongue against the tip. "Dean," Cas moans stroking Dean's hair. "What do you want Cas? Tell me what you want," Dean moans against Castiel's cock. Castiel's hips lift up shoving himself farther into Dean's mouth. "I'm so close, Dean. Ah," Castiel's hands untangle from Dean's hair and they claw into the white sheets. Dean smiles and sucks Castiel farther down and then pulls back up to breathe. The first few goes are tough, Dean can't get his mouth to take enough down without a gag. He hopes Castiel doesn't mind that, but if he does, the guys got to realize this is Dean's first given blowjob.
Aaron and he casually fucked for a lot of their Freshman year. But Dean also casually fucked other guys. And when Aaron thought the two were going steady, Dean thought they both knew it wasn’t a romantic thing. So his roommate situation kind of exploded and much of the second semester he would go to Castiel’s and Crowleys to hang out. Even when Cas was gone, Crowley would let Dean in and the two would get high and fuck around playing video games.
Cas shakes his head no but explains, “Dean I’ve never kissed a girl… I don’t know how.” Dean murmurs ‘neither have I,’ and Cas asks bluntly, “how are you okay? Aren’t you scared?”
Castiel gives in and hurries past Dean onto the boat. “Did they tell you how to drive this thing?” Dean quickly runs to follow him.
Apparently it’s hard to have a giant gay panic attack when his alcohol is making everything feel fun and fuzzy. Even as Aaron is on his knees in front of Dean, Dean doesn’t care. It’s just a man. Nothing scary. Dean groans when Aaron takes him into his mouth and he gasps watching down at Aaron who’s feeling himself through his own jeans.
Things get way more complicated when Hannah spins and the bottle lands on Cassie. Hannah and Cassie laugh and Amara steps in to say Hannah can just spin again. But Cole, always Cole, stops them. “No the rules are pretty straight forward.”
Cas kept seeing Benny until the end of the school year. He just made sure to be places that Dean would never see them. And it was fine. Dean and Benny started talking again. And Dean didn’t threaten Benny too much when he broke things off with Cas for another guy.
Dean feels like his heart is snapping and he grabs Castiel’s hands as he tries to run back into the bathroom and hide. “I’m sorry. Cas, wait.”
When Castiel's car pulls up to a house, Dean smiles at all of the house plants. Nothing looks as homely as this small white house does. Castiel unlocks the door for Dean and lets him inside. “I know it's not much, but I try to decorate a lot to make it look presentable.” Dean smells a candle in a glass dish. He melts into the smell of apples.
Dean looks back up at Cas and feels his eyes filling with tears. He’s not sure why the hell he feels like his world is tipping but it sucks. The feeling is worse than any stomach ache. And he’s not quite sure why he’s so upset by this- but he is. Cas hardly talks about the boys he hooks up with and when he does- Dean just feels proud for him. But hearing Cas moan in ways that Dean would never know of hurts. Cas is his best friend. If anyone deserves to hear that, it’s him.
"Yeah, hello?" Dean coughs into the phone, trying to get his voice to a normal sound and not a lustful mess.
Castiel pokes at Dean and notices his changed expression and tilts his head. “And where did you go off to? Find yourself a gal to dance? Because I hate to break it to you, but there’s a good chance she was just hoping for the cash.”
Dean scrunches his nose, "I don't have a boyfriend. Cas is my best friend.” He doesn’t understand what’s wrong with this boy. He seriously has something missing in his brain. “My mom is going to realize we're gone and you're going to be in a ton of trouble."
Claire grins at the two talking; the rest of the class knows the drill by now. When Mr. Milton comes in, they will have at least 5 minutes of free time to pull out their phones and talk to their friends. Claire’s just happy that both of her best friends are in her class, so she doesn’t have to worry about busying herself on her phone each time. Instead she sends a knowing smirk to both girls and crosses her arms.
Dean honestly couldn’t say what the song sounded like, but he at least listened long enough to hear how proud Lisa was to record it for her performance class. He tries to be supportive of his friend, “yeah it was good. You did a great job.”
Their teacher grins wide and pats his coworkers to get out of the class and they all take the hint and smirk leaving the door. “You sure as hell know it! As you are hopefully aware, your teachers and I have no obligation to speak about our relationships with anyone at school. Especially our students.”
A few cars are racing down the street. A young couple is walking, holding hands and swinging themselves in a rhythm against each others sides. Dean wants to go get in baby and take her home, but he also does not want to drive drunk. Sure he isn't very drunk anymore, but he still has a pounding in his head that makes his eyes feel drowsy. And he also does not want to drive all the way home and have to listen to Charlie and whatever girl she is with, getting cozy up in the room next to his. Maybe he can just sleep out in the lot he parked at. How bad could that be?
Cas is hugging behind Alfies body and Dean covers his eyes, “if you guys want some privacy all you gotta do is ask.” Dean gives Cas one more hug and then books it out of the room yelling dramatically, “my eyes!”
Leaving their sophomore year, Cas and Dean move back home for the summer and both get jobs. Cas works at an animal shelter, while Dean gets hired as a Day-Camp Director for the kindergarten and first grade groups. The two spend a lot of their time working and then trading off between staying at each other’s parents houses to spend the night. By the near end of summer, they feel like they have enough money saved up; alongside with their school loans and scholarships, to begin renting an apartment on campus.
When Dean suggests he pull over so they can fuck in the back seat, Cas looks willing to take up the offer. But he groans, “no, we have to…” he gasps when Dean goes over a bump in the road and the plug slams farther. “fuck! Dean, get us home. Want to show you the surprise.”
It's been two weeks since the two first met and Dean can feel his heart race with any thought of Castiel. He can't recall a time anyone made him feel this much love. Maybe his first love, Cassie, but even then he didn't have the automatic feeling that everything would be fine in the long run. He hoped for that, but never thought it could. With Cas, it's a different story. He talks to Dean about all of the things he loves. He even mentions trivial facts in a normal conversation. That makes Dean heart flip. He could listen to Castiel talk about testing makeup on monkeys and never want Castiel to stop (and yes, he infact did just that). Intellectually, Castiel fuels Dean's thoughts. He brings ideas into it, that Dean can't imagine of thinking about in his spare time. Emotionally, he gives Dean more than enough love and kindness. When Dean feels moments of sadness, Cas knows how to make him feel better. And of course, sexually, Dean has never felt better. He isn't sleeping around- he is making love.
After he finishes decorating their dorm room with streamers and laying out a blanket and pillow for Dean’s surprise dorm-picnic-lunch, he climbs in the shower. He should have another hour and a half to get the food ordered and delivered and to get dressed. But god does the water pressure feel nice against his body.
Meg smirks, “doesn’t stop a gal from looking.” Max extends his hand to the two of them as Alicia and Balthazar have obviously already departed.
Dean should take that as incentive to go faster, but the thoughts make him moan. “Fuck. Anytime, Cas.”
Alastair's smile is still smug across his face and he winks, "sure, we’ll see, kiddos. Y’know you and your boyfriend need to calm down and respect the rules of older kid authority."
After talking to Charlie for a month about their favorite television shows, movies, and hobbies- he really thought Charlie could be the one. It was embarrassing as hell. When he tried to ask her on a date, she held back a laugh and then explained how she was a lesbian. She saw the way Dean lit up at that and she swatted his arm and lectured him about what lesbians actually were and told him to take away his thoughts of pornhub girls and replace it with actual females who wanted nothing to do with a man. And then shared some emotional stories recanting times straight girls got cheered on for this, while she’d be harassed at the mall for holding her girlfriends hands.
She looks gleeful that he knows who she is, behind her eyes that are trying to fool him into thinking she couldn’t care less. “We need to talk.”
Cas snorts, “who wouldn’t love pizza and fantasizing about their famous crushes.” Before Charlie leads Cas out of the room and to the main lobby to gather up the group he stops her and whispers, “thank you for talking to me.”
Cas looks at the time and stands. Giving a small wave to his friends as he grabs a book from his bag so he can slump himself into a desk and suffer his way through his next lecture. Suffer his way through an hour and a half of not meeting Dean’s eye in class.
Cassie just kisses Dean’s cheek and says, “well none of the kisses will mean anything. I know we’re good. So it’ll be fine.” Dean should have known the exact opposite of fine was bound to happen but he went along with it.
“Yeah because they’re boning. They aren’t in love with each other. They are hardly sending heart eyes, it’s just ‘fuck me’ eyes. Totally different,” Alex argues back.
Castiel looks down at Claire. Her face is full of confusion. "Claire, if you want to go, you can. If you need anything you can call me and I will pick you up." Claire looks at all of the girls and hugs Castiel's torso.
A loud moan belts from Dean's mouth and he feels a hot load leak into the condom. Castiel is breathless, panting underneath Dean. His dick throbbing against his stomach. Dean finds enough strength to pull out from Castiel and he ties the condom, setting it onto the floor. He looks down at Castiel who is nearly winded.
Emma and Alex have grown closer also. They have evolved from the iguana talk and now Emma won't stop nagging Dean by yanking onto his jacket sleeve. "Dad! We need to get a pet!" Hell no. Dean raises his eyebrow and shakes his head.
Dean glares at his best friend from across the table. “I'm just saying, the fairy girl was completely hot. You have all the luck and it's not fair.” He watches the red curls bounce as a loud chuckle leaves her mouth.
Naomi nods her approval. "Of course." She steps into the house and calls Castiel over, "be good, okay? Do everything Mrs. and Mr. Winchester tells you to. I love you and I will pick you up tomorrow." Castiel hugs her legs and kisses her hand. Naomi tells John she can stop by again to drop off a bag for Cas, and John and Mary both insist it’s fine and Cas can share anything of Dean’s at this house.
Somehow his parents; John typically, was never bothered by Sam’s ‘feminine side’ (John's words, not Deans). He was always able to cry. And when Sam wanted Polly Pockets for his birthday they didn’t blink. But when Dean asked for a Bratz Doll or a Barbie Dream House- John had a look of despair. Dean knew then that he didn’t want to make his dad look like that again. So he asked for GI Joe’s and Western movies and switched his Halloween dresses and tiaras for superhero capes and army jackets.
He hears someone at the door, knocking and banging his hands up and down the door. He hears Alfie mumble in his sleep and he whispers, “I’ll be back,” to him. He opens the door, standing in his underwear to Dean holding a miniature bumble bee cake with the words “happy bee-day.” Cas pulls Dean into his room and hugs him, after putting the cake down on his desk.
Castiel lays his head on Dean's shoulder, “I mean it.” He grips tighter on Dean’s hand. “So what now? You going to stay here? It could be the two of us. Maybe-”
Dean almost laughs at that. "No wife. Definitely not. Never been married. And I'm not seeing anyone."
He’s jogging past groups of people laying out in the grass or working on their studies and even playing frisbee or kicking a ball around.
Dean cocks his head, “what? Im not bi-polar, jeez are you trying to give me a shrink session right now? I just met you.”
Castiel blinks and holds his eyes closed through a deep breath and then he leans forward and pulls Dean close. The kiss definitely could have stopped sooner than it had, but it lasted almost as long as Cassie and Dean’s kiss in a previous round. He quickly lets go like his hands were burned on Dean’s shirt and he looks over at Inias who is chewing his lip.
Krissy pretends to get up to sharpen her pencil at their teachers desk but instead is stretching her neck to see the hall scene unfold. She scurries back to her desk and gasps, “he’s out there with Lafitte, Bradbury and Milton!” The three of them gulp and stare at each other in alarm.
Dean shrugs, “I guess. I don’t know. He assumed I was here on my own and I didn’t really correct him. And then he blew me and it’s not like I hated it. It was actually pretty fucking awesome.” He hears Cas asking who and if the guy is still here and Dean interrupts, “so... I did kind of fuck up... a bit? Nah, total big fuck fest, actually.”
Dean orgasms and feels his own come filling up inside his boyfriend. He listens for Castiel’s scream as his hand and the sheets underneath them are coated with Castiel’s spunk.
Claire laughs at his comment and he gives her another stern look. “So we learned to quit it with starting the spread of rumors, then?” Dean asks. Claire nods her head in a heavy head bang and he pulls out his lunch from his desk giving her a thumbs up. “Anything else on your mind? Or are you going to head out for your own lunch? Not that I don’t just adore this fun hour of freedom crashed by my students.”
John gives Dean the impalas keys with a stern look, “be safe.” Dean tries to assure his dad and Mary interrupts, “don’t worry John, he knows he will never see sunshine again if he ruins that car.” Dean looks taken back and his mom gives him an even more serious look.
Dean pulls out his wallet and hands over a handful of cash. How come icecream is so expensive? They better have gotten the ingredients from the other side of the world.
And as they climb into bed that night, they don’t bring it up. Dean just scoots closer to Cas than normal and whispers, “goodnight, Cas.”
Sam gets the same process of introductions of Aaron and Balthazar. He pulls Dean into a hug and whispers next to Dean’s ear, “you both are fucking idiots, still.” Before Dean can ask what he meant his brother leaves to help John grab two twin sized air mattresses from the basement.
Dean's eyes fall closed when he prepares himself mentally, seconds before Castiel's first digit slides in. Dean definitely hasn't felt anything like this before. It is surprisingly better than he could've imagined. Once another finger is in and becoming more comfortable, he relaxes.
He tries to dodge by a guy kicking a soccer ball but trips and slides forward. He feels arms grab him in reaction and pull him up. He blinks at the guy who saved him from falling on his ass and laughs at the awkwardness of the meeting. Max laughs at him and lets him gain balance. “Where are you heading so fast?”
Dean's eyes are locking into Castiel's. The dangerous yet loving glance makes Castiel buckle at his knees. He is going to need to be sitting a lot if this is now a relationship. A simple look makes his heart race. “Just call me the Cabin Boy, Captain.” That about does it. Castiel needs to be on this boat right now.
Gabriel laughs, "yeah. You tools are capable." He goes to walk off to announce to the other parents. Dean shouts, "say hi to Sam for me!" That instantly gets a quick eye roll and Gabriel rubbing his hands down his face. Abruptly flipping Dean off in the least noticeable fashion.
John nods, “yeah, you told me ‘I think we’re in love and he has a cool mullet.’ And I just got worried. I saw the other neighbor boys and how they’d stare at you two and I felt like I needed to protect you from people. People like me, I guess.” He looks at Dean with pain flashing behind his eyes, “I realized you changed and I was happy because I thought you’d be safe and I had hopes for you. But I’d see this look in you sometimes where you looked lost. And I didn’t want to admit to being the one to do it so I ignored it. But when Sammy started getting older- I felt more guilt and I didn’t try to do that to him. I messed up one of my kids so bad that he didn’t even know himself anymore. And it’s hard to get to know your own kid when they don’t see themselves. But I thought certain things you liked, because you went along with it. And it gave me a chance to bond with you. I thought you might tell me you hated something along the way but you didn’t and I didn’t know how to tell you that you didn’t have to go along with it all.”
Charlie tsks at his words and waves him over. “Dude come sit with me. We can hang in my office. You can always come to gossip about your crushes and ex’s and talk about your sex life and ask questions. And nerd out, obviously.” She laughs and finger guns at Aaron, “but if you have any specific sex questions I’m going to point you to this fella here.”
Castiel twists the keys and the motor races to a slow stop. He set the suits on the chair when the two first boarded, and he slugs himself to them. He throws his shirt off over his head and folds it into a pile with the rest of his clothes. Dean whistles when Castiel stands in the nude. “Shut up,” Cas laughs, stepping into his suit. But when Dean follows, Castiel has the same reaction.
Dean’s anger makes Cas draw back and he bites his lip. Dean’s glaring at Benny and Benny is taking none of his shit. “He wasn’t a virgin. Maybe to that specifically- but he wasn’t. You just don’t usually have to hear it.”
Christmas break was perfect. Cas couldn’t ask for a better break from school. But he swears Dean was acting differently. He’d catch him staring at him more. Which is a lot to say since Cas knows the two of them spend far too much time staring already.
Castiel goes along with the joke but it’s definitely not his stylist assistance that makes the girls (and boys) swoon over him. Deans just the perfect balance of kind, funny, smart, nerdy, creative, sporty and hot. So hot.
Dean pries and Cas explains, “Alfie said I cheated on him because I got a lap dance. And I said I didn’t know he considered that cheating and so I said sorry and he made this dramatic scene about me being a slut and wanting to fuck any guy I saw,” Dean is genuinely surprised because the guy is such a nerdy shy dude. Didn’t seem the type. “So I told him he was just mad that I didn’t want to fuck him fifty times today and he stormed off angry. Doubt he thinks we’d be dating still.”
When their families are gone and the two give an acceptable time between for the chances a family member comes back for a forgotten item- they’re on each other. Their curtains aren’t set up, and there’s stacks of boxes surrounding them but they don’t care. Cas picks Dean up and presses his back against the wall as he kisses him over and over until Dean’s begging him to stop teasing him.
Dean pushes Castiel back, still embraced in his arms, so he can close the car's doors. "You're so hot," Castiel's voice is raw and low. "Dean," Castiel groans against Dean's lips, vibrating his call down Dean's throat.
Benny tries to make a joke about the game being over to smooth out the tension but the awkward laughs are interrupted by Cole’s exclamation that, “you sure you’re not dating? That was the gayest thing i've ever seen.”
Dean tells Castiel that he really changed their lives and Castiel shakes his head and smiles, "no, they changed mine." He sees Dean glance at him, looking at him like the sun is shining out of his body. "Anyone could be nice. It doesn't take a lot. I learned so much from them and all I had to do was share a room with my brother. They really did it all."
Dean scoffs, “well it matters. At least it matters to one of us.” He wants to storm off but he can’t stand seeing Cas look so worn out. “If you don’t like each other, why would you do that?”
Castiel flicks his wrist brilliantly. The proof is all in the sticky coating that laps over Dean's chest. Or the pleased moan that belts out of Dean's mouth. His body continues to lay in the same spot. Legs still over Castiel's shoulders. Dean feels exhausted. But he knows he can't go to bed right now. He can't continue to lay here when Castiel lays himself between Dean's legs, hard and leaking with precome.
When they’re all totally invested in their silent dinner, John speaks out. “Tell us about how school is going.”
Everyone nods quickly and he claps his hands, “alright, I’m in a cheerful mood today so everyone clear your desk tops and we’re going to play a fun game called pop quiz.”
It would be embarrassing how quickly both he and Dean came in their own pants if it were any other guy in the place of one of them. But there was no other guy and for that- it doesn’t make either of them feel bad. Because this is exactly what they’ve waited for. This is everything they wished for, yet repressed just to hold onto comfort and normality.
“Daddy? Are you going to pick me up? It’s eleven,” Dean hears his phone echoing a small kid's voice. He startles up and shakes Castiel. “Cas- the kids,” Dean cooes into his ear. Castiel jumps and searches for his phone under the blanket. Dean laughs winking at Cas, “not your phone, bud.”
Cassie groans but rolls her eyes. Obviously more tired by Cole’s annoying ‘rule explanation’ than the actual thought of kissing her friend. She leans over to Hannah and kisses her lips and Cole all but shouts his happiness. Dean isn’t going to pretend it wasn’t something that interested him but he’s never going to say that to his own girlfriend. He rubs her back as she sits back down next to him.
By the time the impala pulls up into the garage, Castiel and Dean have relived their childhood. That's the most both of them have ever shared about themselves. And it was all in the span of thirty minutes.
So instead of being alone in places that let him spiral out and second guess, he’s nested on a bar stool chair, overlooking the campus through the giant window in one of the many study nooks in the building. He has his headphones in and his laptop is plugged into the table top outlets. He's wearing his fluffy purple sweater that Castiel bought him after Dean panicked about not being able to pull this look off.
Despite his confusion, he wakes up excited because it’s Dean's birthday. He’s excited to get a chance to do more for his best friend. He’s already planned the entire day. Dean will have class until eleven and Cas is going to surprise him with an early lunch in their dorm. Followed by mini golf with Jo and Charlie, and then he and Dean will watch the Batman movies with the new projector Cas bought for their movie screening nights.
Castiel wakes up to his boyfriend clinging to his chest and letting snores out. Cas tries to stretch as quietly and slowly as possible so he doesn’t wake him up. He looks over to Crowley's bed and sees that the Brit is already up and out. The guy sleeps like a rock and then gets up early every morning, it’s strange, really.
He and Dean plan to spend the night at Castiel’s house after. Sam is going to his first sleepover, so his mother offered to host Dean after the dance so Dean's parents can have a date night. Castiel’s honestly more excited to get back to his house so the two can play a new card game.
Castiel pulls his hands in Dean's hair and Dean nearly turns into a puddle. He shrugs his jacket off, pulling Castiel in by the belt, undoing it with shaky hands." Castiel helps wiggle out of his pants and strips Dean's shirt off followed by his own.
He hears the bed creak in the other room and a low yawn. He tries to focus on anything other than turning to see Claire once again with a distraught face. This girl has gone through too much already and he can't stand to see her look so cold. And he knows there's nothing he can do to fix it.
The door swings open to Castiel who wipes his eyes. “There’s nothing left to say, Dean! We can’t keep doing this to each other.”
The phone call to Aaron was awkward as hell. Dean called and asked him if he’d like to be his date to his family's Thanksgiving. He explained that Cas was bringing a date home and his parents asked and he felt obligated to ask someone. Even stressed it enough and told Aaron they weren’t dating because of this- but that he wanted the guy there as a friend. Aaron was ecstatic about the whole deal and probably read too much into the situation, again, but Dean tried his best to lay it out plain and simple.
Dean is cheering and acting like it’s the best news he’s ever heard and Cas feels entirely calm to this idea. Even as Meg asked him he didn’t feel all too excited. “You should have told me! Dude that’s incredible. I can’t believe you got a girlfriend before me!”
Dean admits that he and Lisa broke up. He explains how Lisa thinks Dean likes Jo more because she saw him hug Jo before the dance started. And Dean tried to say he was just saying hi to her but she wouldn’t believe him.
Castiel is out of breath from booking it behind Dean, trying to catch up. His hair is even more of a disgruntled mess then it was at the beginning of the day. Gabriel looks between Castiel and Dean and rolls his eyes. "I can see Cassy really helped you feel better Dean."
He pulls the back of the thong to the side, so he can slide the plug out. He kisses Castiel’s ass as he hears him gasp, feeling the silicone thickness taken away. “Dean, please,”
Dean crawls over the top of him and trails kisses down the side of his neck to his hip. Castiel's cock is so close to bursting a load of come. Dean licks his lips and scoots himself backwards until he's in a good angel to suck the tip of his penis into his mouth. "Oh- Dean! Dean- Ah that feels so good," Castiel cries out. His fingers lace into his short locks of hair and he tugs, pulling Dean's mouth farther down his shaft.
Dean walks over and plants a kiss to the top of Emma's head. "I'm not looking for a girlfriend. And if I were, your mom and I still wouldn't be together. I got you out of this deal, and that's all I need. I love you, Emma."
What surprises Dean; later than he even realized, was that Alfie wasn’t with Cas at the club and he isn’t back at Castiel’s room waiting either.
“Isn’t that your shirt, dad?” Emma pipes up from the backseat. Dean coughs and looks over at Cas flaunting his pink and purple plaid shirt. He didn’t think the clothing swap through this morning. Castiel bites his lip and sucks in a breath of air. Dean debates making up some elaborate plot about how Cas got his shirt, but he can’t start lying when he’s the one who tells his daughter not to. He’s got to start doing what he preaches.
Claire and Alex chose a strawberry and chocolate ice cream sandwich. Emma wanted a cup of dip n dots, Krissy chose a frozen lemonade cup, and Castiel, indeed,  got a drumstick cone. Dean would rather be hit in the groin than have to watch Castiel's tongue work, what could only be wonders, in the middle of the group.
He finds Jo and Charlie; who are recently together, dancing in the crowded dining room and Dean feels bad for interrupting a moment like that so he tries to find someone else.
Cole looks over at what Cassie is questioning and he snorts. “Dude, you and him even have matching necklaces. How gay of you.”
Castiel's tongue works in different motions and different depths. When Dean relaxes to a certain motion, Castiel picks up the pace to hear more lusting moans erupt out of this man. Dean's cock is stiff against his chest, yet he nearly forgot its twitching want until Castiel reaches a hand up and begins to stroke him.
Dean and Castiel thank Jody again and she just smiles, “and anytime you two need a night, just call. Your girls are lovely.”
The three laugh and Claire wags her pen at them and writes three columns on a piece of paper. At the top reads “Cast Your Vote: what’s up with Mr. W and Mr. M” with three sections split below. Their titles being: Totz in Love, Fuck Buddies, and Friendzone. This makes Krissy and Alex both snicker and they each leave a mark on their chosen opinion. Dean glances over at the three girls who are whispering in the corner and sends them an ‘i'm watching you’ point with his finger. Alex blushes and quickly takes the paper from Claire. “Ok, we can’t let them see this! We’d be in so much trouble. But we all need an answer so we can stop arguing about this. I say we ask people at lunch. That way no one can take it away for disrupting class. We tally the vote after lunch and the verdict is what we agree on here on out.”
Alastair steps closer to them, startling Castiel. "I'm twelve, it's harder to get candy. You suckers can get anything just for being cute. For every house that gives you a handful- I get one! One piece!”
Dean is taken back and his mouth moves like a fish out of water. John pats his shoulder and sighs. “It wasn’t a surprise. I just tried to change you.” He actually looks like he has sorrow in his eyes, “when you were six, you and the neighbor boy with that mullet would hold hands and I asked you why you held hands and you said he was your husband. I can’t remember his name.”
"So? You ready to eat or what?" The man's voice is impatient and slightly rude. Castiel can't get the image of Dean's small frown out of his head. No one has ever tried to get to know Castiel so quickly. They've been talking for only about fifteen minutes, and already Dean knows more about him than the span of any other week long relationship.
Claire looks at Cas and bites her lip. "Claire, do you want me to stay?" Castiel's stomach is tight. What if he leaves and Claire cries? What if he walks away and she panics thinking he's leaving her?
The sight of the the mans legs spread and his hand coasting up and down his shaft is enough to make Dean moan. Castiel's eyes are shut and he doesn't even realize Dean walked in the room. If Dean wasn't so god damn ready to have his first male fuck, he could just sit back and watch Castiel's hand work like magic. He slowly unbuttons his jeans and pulls them down until they fall in a pile at his ankles. He pulls his shirt over the top of his head and prays to god Castiel doesn't have a thing for 6 pack wonders. Not that he isn't in shape, Dean has a rocking body, but his stomach is squishy in all the right ways.
Meg snorts, “dude you literally acted like you saw a ghost or just committed a felony. All that worry about telling the guy you loved him?” Meg chuckles and Cas actually laughs with her.
“When I saw him next… he played his guitar. Sang to the Beatles. Ordered dinner for us and when we were going to sleep he whispered it back. I didn’t care that he didn’t want to tell anyone. I felt so happy he loved me that I didn’t care that I had to keep it a secret.”
Dean rests his tongue against Castiel's, tasting a linger of orange juice and honey toast. “Cas-” Dean smiles into a soft grunt when he feels Castiel's finger travel to his waistband pulling his pants with a strong tug. His dick twitches in his underwear, until Castiel yanks them down to his knees. Dean wraps one arm onto his shoulder and palms his free hand against the front of Castiel's jeans. Castiel smirks and rolls off of Dean, stretching his body and unbuckling his belt.
Cas tries to think of movies he’s seen that showed good kisses. He’s unsure what makes each one feel better than another and he looks at Dean cautiously. “Can we practice before we leave? I don’t want to screw it up.” Dean looks like Cas asked a terrible question and Cas retreats. “We don’t have to. I just thought since we were friends that we could practice so it’s not bad for them. It was stupid.”
Dean pretends to brush hair from his shoulders, "big brothers are the best though. Just look at me."
Dean laughs, "ha ha. Funny. No, I don't know many kids. But I treat her like my own child though. I'll give anyone hell who messes with her."
Castiel goes into a lecture about how 'sex is not just penetration. Hand jobs, fellatio, fingering and cunniligus all count.'
Castiel sighs and closes his eyes. He feels a light brush of soft cushions plant onto his face. Dean's lips glide over his entire face, “I'll always come back for you. Next time I'm on the road this way, I will come see you.” Castiel lets go of Dean's hand.
After a few tries, Castiel gets the motor to run and before long the two are fifteen minutes from the beach. The small specks of shore are in their view, they decided it would be best to be able to see their final destination spot, so the two aren't stranded. The waves aren't crashing as hard today. Dean's thrilled.
Dean grasps onto Castiel's hand and pulls him close. “Please don’t do this. I don’t care about any of them- they know that! I tell them I’m not looking. You have to know this, Cas! I know it’s hard, I just need more time,” he sponges his sleeve over the snot on Castiel’s face. “Please, Angel. You’re everything.”
“Stop, oh my god! They aren’t in love!” Alex says, smiling at Claire, despite her quiet outburst coming across as angry.
Charlie helps Dean throw a birthday party for their friend. Dean wanted to go mini golfing or travel to the beach but Charlie went over his plans and made fake ID’s with the help of her tech friend, Dorothy, so they could go to a gay strip club. When Dean tried to argue against the idea she just tsked and said, “Dude, Cas would love a stripper. Why are you trying to keep him from the strippers?” She winks and says, “there’s guys and girlssss!”
Castiel grabs his hand back and watches Dean's batman cape whoosh behind him. Sammy's moose antlers are bobbing as he giggles at the two of them. "Pretty bee!" Sammy chants. Castiel runs over and sits next to Sam. Trying to include the two year old the best that he can.
Dean doesn't feel his body shift forward. All he knows is that his hand is now cupping Castiel's side with one hand. And his opposite hand is slowly wrapping its way around him for a hug. He watches Castiel's pupils dilate and he feels him jump under his touch. Shit. Dean can't get himself to form words, all he can do is pull back from the hug and stare at Cas.
When he gets back to Castiel's door he debates if he should really go in or not. What if Castiel would be mad? But when he hears another moan he feels his cock harden farther. Castiel doesn't have the right to get both of them hard and not let him deliver. Dean takes a breath and pushes the door open.
Mouths drop open like fish at his swearing and very open announcement that Ms. B is in fact gay. But just as fast as mouths drop open, they close just as quickly so he doesn’t call anyone out on it. Dean squeezes the two of his coworkers and winks at someone in the hall, “and who could forget about my cutie, Cas. Come here, man!”
Dean laughs along with Cas and they talk about Dean’s blowjob experience some more before Cas motions for Dean to join him in bed so they can get actual sleep.
Dean doesn’t try to correct Aaron in thinking he came here to meet a guy. Doesn’t say no when Aaron asks to dance. And doesn’t say no when Aaron asks if Dean wants to go to the bathroom.
Dean almost looks hurt. So Cas shuts his mouth and sits up in bed. Dean's back is turned to him but Cas can see the side of Dean’s face as his voice shakes, “I didn’t really know how I felt about it at first. I thought trying to give you space and distance myself would help. But I can’t… that’s not us, Cas.”
Claire bites her lip, “oh god. What if Mr. W finds out it was us? We were the ones who asked her to vote originally. She said she didn’t want to participate so we moved on but… oh god. She can’t keep a secret.”
When Cas explained how important it was that he see his family for the holiday, Balthazar complained that, “Cassie, it’s only your mom. The Winchesters aren’t even your family.”
. Now she has only seen him stop in once in the past week and that was to give their teacher an “appreciation letter” from their principal Roman. She hopes his lack of appearance is not because of the survey. But how could that possibly have reached the teachers eyes? The group is locked to only senior students and no one is dumb enough to accept a teacher into the group. She also has noticed Ms. Bradbury stopping in a lot more. She gives their teacher flashcards and sticky notes and winks at him and makes him laugh. She also swears she saw Ms. B slip a note to him, making his ears turn bright red.
Claire shrugs, "no. I want to go to school. Dad always said it was important to-" her voice trails off and her eyes glass over with tears. "Anyways." She quickly turns around and marches to the bathroom.
“What about you? You married?” Dean bites his lip, “I don't have a wife.” Castiel's eyes look dark and luring, “that's not what I asked, but okay.” Dean remains in a constant stare with Castiel, until Cas breaks away grabbing a water bottle from the counter. His throat bobs. His adam's apple rolls with each swallow. God, how can he make everything look so lustful?
Alastair looks at Castiel's dress, "why is the fag wearing a dress?" Dean doesn't know what that word means in that sentence, nor does Castiel, but the manner he speaks it with makes his stomach turn. The only time he's heard that word is when uncle Bobby was smoking on the porch and asked John for a fag. Is he saying Castiel is a cigarette? That's quite an odd statement.
“You see, you lucky son of a bitch, you found someone,” Charlie says while swinging a light shoulder punch to Dean. Charlie smiles a wide grin again at Castiel. As if she is so surprised Dean could of found someone so perfect. "Castiel is a dreamy one, if men are your type of thing, I'm proud of you."
Castiel looks around and sees the mothers all drooling over the freckled face man in a leather jacket, pulling up into view in his 1967 Impala. A girl with straight hair runs out of the car, nearly flinging herself into a hug with one of the other kids. "Hey! Emma! Slow it down!"
Dean almost looks disappointed but he nods and scoots out from his chair, "here, I'm sorry. I didn't know this was the case. Sorry, Cas. It was nice to meet you. As an aside, my name's Dean."
Sam frowns. “Well mom said to let you know we’ll have dinner in an hour. When dad gets home. She said you can leave back to your room when you’re finished but you have to eat with us. Ok?” Dean nods and Sam nods back to him. “For what it’s worth, whoever it was, they don’t deserve you.”
Cas could go on forever. But when Dean's phone goes off with the song "heat of the moment," it sort of kills his mood. Dean rolls his eyes, "ugh shit. Sorry Cas. It's Sam."
"Mr. Winchester! You never answered me! I want the tiger!" Dean spins back around and Krissy is throwing a fit clutching the tiger in her fists so hard that Dean thinks he's moments away from seeing a dismembered stuffed animal.
Castiel raises his eyebrow, “Dude.” He goes back to grinning, “It’s nothing. You’ll have to wait and see I guess.” Dean looks offended but intrigued by the box. “I’m not telling you. Come on, let's go fool around.” And who is Dean to argue that?
Dean was annoyed by Castiel’s hesitation but finally talked him into rooming with him because, “Cas I practically live with you anyways. I promise not to throw my stuff all over. I don’t need another Aaron in my life though so please…”
“Nah, go on without me.” Everyone has left but Claire. Her teacher is at his desk with his head in his palms. “Mr. Winchester?”
"Where is that, squirts?" Dean shakes his head making a face back to the boy, trying to tug Castiel along with him. "Wow slow it down partner, my name’s Alastair."
Cas pouted about missing Charlie, too, so she plans a coffee run the following day with just Cas. Says she loves the two of them but also doesn’t want to be the neglected third wheel as they run off to make out. Which Dean and Cas would argue against, if he and Cas hadn't done that to her before. So they accept her wish and each have a great time. Despite her request she jokes saying she didn’t think they’d actually go along with it. And then goes to promise the next time they should all be together- third wheeling or not.
Castiel coughs, "Claire, do you want to stay home today? We could go out and do something fun. Anything you want."
Dean carries the conversation as if nothing happened. Castiel's arm is there for support and that's it. "I was once unbuckled when my dad took me out to the grocery store, the cop who stopped us sure was pissed off. But no, load an entire class of kids onto a seat buckle less bus, and call it safe." That awards Dean with one of Castiel's soft smiles.
Both Ruby and Mary can tell the boys are sad and Mary gives Ruby the ‘look.’ Mary tries to distract the kids with something else and states, “I think we should go home. We have some leftover cookie dough. And I really really need help making them into cookies.”
Speaking with Meg helped Castiel a lot. But he can’t shake the pain and guilt he feels for leaving Dean over not coming out. Obviously issues piled up as time went on, but it all comes down to that reason. Does that make Cas literally the worst person ever? Sure, he needed this. Needed to feel relief from the suffocation it was to hide the man he loved. But he can’t help feel awful about how it had to end.
Thanks to Cole, Dean’s mom has to come take a break from her own party to play referee for Dean’s. Although she doesn’t get much out of her interrogation, she does say that the kids all need to come join the adults upstairs until parents come to pick them up.
Dean tells her again that it is Castiel and Anna grins. “Oh my god, he was in my history course. No wonder he looked like he wanted to smite me.” She laughs, “round of applause for you though, he’s entirely dreamy.”
Castiel panics when Dean gives him the keys to the boat. “I'm not leaving without you, so either you come with me now and have some fun or we go back to the beach and I'm not going to give out any kisses.” Dean licks his lips bringing them closer to Castiel's mouth, “come on, Cas. The Cabin Boy doesn't want to be alone.”
Castiel stares at his bowlegs, quickening in pace as he follows his daughter. At least he's not the only man here. That's refreshing. He's never had a child of his own so he's never had to think about the annoying qualities of the PTA moms gossip- until today. What concern is it to them if this women, Charlie, is engaged to another women? Apparently responding with, "that's amazing," isn't the response they were hoping for.
Dean came out to his family as bisexual a few months after his revelation at the club. Not surprisingly, his parents accepted him. He wasn’t worried about rejection based on his parent’s adoration of Cas (which is arguably higher than their love for their biological sons). Sam made a joke about Dean now striking out twice as much and his parents yelled at Sam over the phone and Sam apologized with a more sincere, “it’s not a big deal Dean. I still love you.”
