"Okay." Doctor Aduba smiled. Atlas began to take off her mask and the Doctor put up his hands. "Atlas, don't. No, no...you need to stay in bed."
"Hey Ro," John smiled, looking down at her hair. "I was going to pop out for some coffee, do you want to come with me and get a drink?"
"I'm saying yes for nobody but them. I know what it's like to need somewhere to go after..." Atlas paused and swallowed thickly. "Abuse, as do you. So, I'm agreeing because I want to help. And largely because I love you and they're my family and I really like sharing a room with Ro."
However, she swung her legs out of bed and switched on her side lamp. She looked over to him before scowling.
"Papa," Atlas said sitting up to look at him. "That's just the thing, you didn't know, couldn't have known."
"Say goodnight Ro," John said as she held onto his hand. She let go and ran over to the group of four who were sitting on the rug infront of the TV.
WHEN Sherlock arrived home, the first thing he was greeted by was his dog. It bounded towards him wagging his tail enthusiastically. Atlas had remained sat looking out the window and also reading her book. She'd made little attempt to approach him. She was relieved, yes, but she was scared. Scared incase it happened again. Scared incase Sherlock couldn't remember anything.
"I painted something for you," Eurus said before she went to the side of the sofa and pulled out a square shaped painting wrapped in brown paper.
want to see you." And then Atlas watched as Xerxes and May mad their way in though the door with bright smiles that went from ear to ear. Atlas' mouth dropped open and she opened up her arms to take a hug from May and Xerxes in turn.
"Ro. There just talking about something really important. Don't let it upset you, okay?" Atlas said, Rosie nodding once before they headed to the bedroom, Mrs Hudson in tow.
"I tidied her bed up for her and it was good, yeah..." Sherlock smiled before he exited the bathroom. "What is it they call it?" He paused. "I feel...lighter."
Sherlock rubbed his lips and looked at his fingers before nodding his head and laughing. John looked at him sideways.
"Yeah, so a few weeks ago, my mum took Georgia to the doctors." Sammy sighed as they overtook some cars. "And they decided to test her for various things and the results came back negative. But today, she's going to the doctor's to find out the results of her most recent test..." Sammy let out a hot breath. "A test for lukemia."
Sammy bought a few items whilst Atlas bought a black long dungarees dress. They scored shelves across central London before finally ending in a charity shop that Atlas had dragged Sammy into. There she bought a pair of bright yellow converse, a blouse that she could wear under her dungarees that was loads of blue birds, a record player and records. She supposed she could ask John or Sherlock if either of them had any that she could borrow but she already knew Mrs Hudson had offered them off to other people. She smiled to herself as she looked at all the things she had gotten under a bargain. Her and Sammy were friends and she smiled to herself.
"Imagine I never came back." Atlas said after some time, they were still all awake. "Imagine I stayed there." There was a thoughtful pause. "I'd probably be dead in a gutter." She laughed before her face fell when she saw John's face. It was frowning, before he stroked a rogue hair behind her ear. They eventually fell into a quiet sleep.
"Are you sure? 'Cause Sherlock, he's not an easy man to love. And I would hate for his ways to get in the -" Timothy began but John cut in.
"Do you want something for it?" John asked gently, rubbing his thumb over the ridge of her shoulder.
"I'll walk it'll only take 15 minutes, max." Atlas replied before gathering her ingredients into her rucksack satchel bag. She grabbed her red coat that was long and stopped just at the back of the knee, perfect to avoid the winter chill. It bared resemblance to Sherlock's and was wearing a pair of red high tops. Then she chucked on her satchel and left the house, a note being left on the table.
Tentatively, as if it may break beneath his fingers, Sherlock opened the book. The first two pages they came across depicting a baby. And Sherlock. And her mother.
It was then she understood why Sherlock and Mrs Hudson were quite as close as they were. Now as they mentioned something about what Sherlock had done for her and what she had done for him. From what Atlas could gather Sherlock used to move around a lot and that prompted the two children to never really make any friends. This was all sparked by what she already knew about Eurus and how they had to leave after she was sent to an asylum of sorts. However Mrs Hudson was the kind lady situated in the house next door to the family on one of their many moves. One day a young Sherlock knocked on her door and asked to come inside during one of his parents many fights. She let him in, let him read the books she had on many shelfs and let him stay and drink tea. Slowly this became a common state of affairs, Sherlock going everytime he didn't feel welcome in his house.
"But your staring ones don't look like that." Rosie said looking at her, Jeff being clutched tighter to her chest.
"Right, come on Sam, Rosie, let's leave Atlas be," Sherlock said as he got to his feet and chased them up the stairs.
"So long as you don't tell your dad, I will thoroughly enjoy the chicken on my pizza," John said looking at Atlas who giggled.
"We need to be quiet. She's still asleep." Sherlock said as he put Rosie down and took her hand and walked in, Sammy close behind.
"I want to go see Aba. The news has gone mad over the search in the mountains, and i just, I'm scared and I want to hang out with my bestie," Sammy smiled, slinging his arm around her shoulder, grinning at her. "I'll drive us over to the other side of the city."
"I'm here." His voice whispered and Atlas took the blanket off her head and looked up to meet his eyes.
"Dad will come home papa." Atlas whispered before John rolled onto his side and put his hand to her hair. Gently, he brushed it out of her face and ran his fingers through her curls.
They walked in silence before reaching the top of the hill and looking across the city as it began to wake up.
Atlas walked forward and gave Sherlock a hug too before she too looked at him, her eyes showing tiredness.
"We need this." John said, brandishing a multi coloured soft ball from the bag on a table nearby. "Do not mess around. First, your going to throw the ball around the room, saying each others names, before saying a random fact you know about the human body."
"Still have a chemical problem. It'll probably be a late one again." Sherlock sighed, missing his fiance in that moment more than usual.
Sherlock gently placed his duffel bag on the floor before going into the hallway and along to the bathroom - he knew using their en suite would disturb John - before returning and slipping on his pyjamas. John still didn't stir.
"No." John said sternly before his features softened. "I'll do it differently and you can make up as many scales as you want. They're important to you so I suppose that makes them important to me." John smiled and Sherlock just leaned against him a little as they made their way over to the chairs they had previously been sat in. "So, I have it where it just sits in my stomach. And that's about as far as it goes. Rosie has it that means she has a lower chance of speaking in public and also has it in the way that makes her feel ill. I don't know what yours is like and we both already know what it's like for Atlas." John said as he looked over to her. "We see it everyday with her. We have to reassure her every morning that she is going to be okay in school that day. We have to reassure her that she is loved because she's been through things that make her think she isn't. We have to hug her tight when she's freaking out and hyperventilating. She's had a sensory overload - you weren't there but we dealt with it. It causes her seizures. Whatever you need this information for, make sure that you don't leave out that it doesn't define us. Okay?" Sherlock nodded.
"She's just dreaming Sherlock." John reassured as they continued their story, Sherlock still keeping half an eye.
"Mmm." Mycroft hummed as he sat himself at the small two person table. They would eat their meal at the big table situated into the conservatory later.
"It's a big one," Rosie whispered before she sat down next to Atlas' head and laid a gentle hand to her cheek. "It's alright, Atlas. We're here."
"Thank you," Rosie said and signed before Xerxes gave her a thumbs up. Soon enough they reached the park and Rosie ran to one of the football posts with Redbeard.
"She's an escaped murderer." Atlas smiled, knowing she'd won after all. "I was running a case with Lestrade, Sammy was with me."
"Remember Sherlock -" John began but was cut off by a loud sigh emanating from Sherlock as he rolled his eyes.
Me and my sister lived on 'The Hobbit' and 'The Lord Of The Rings' as children. We were not princesses, fairies or big happy monsters. We were orcs, hobbits, elves, dragons, time-lords, magicians, superheroes and adventurers. We did not see the clock strike twelve, instead we saw the misty mountains. We did not see ball gowns in every cupboard, instead we saw waistcoats, pocket watches and short trousers. We did not see golden carriages, instead we saw wolves, ponies and trolls.
And then "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" began to play and Atlas found herself taken right back to the coffin. Unable to breathe, unable to be heard, unable to bear the pain running through her shoulder. Sitting bolt upright, her pulse elevated and her breathing unsteady she sat forward. John stopped the music and leaned forward before forcing her head down between her knees.
"Appeared that way," Sherlock said before slinging an arm around her shoulder, he squeezed it gently. "I shouldn't have grabbed you, your supposed to leave people alone during flashbacks...but...you were going to hurt yourself and you seemed panicked so I thought pressure...pressure normally helps her."
"Oh come on," Peter said, eyeing up Paul who made no attempt to comment. "John's happy so you should be happy for him. Don't be jealous of his fame."
Two bus journey's later and Atlas and Rosie had arrived outside the hospital. The traffic was busy and Atlas checked her watch, 9 PM. Quite a lot later than when John had been taken into the hospital. She walked into the hospital, Rosie sleepily trudging along beside her, the toy dinosaur clutched to her chest. A little had was encased inside a larger one and Atlas' heart raced.
"Your father is one of and always will be one of the best and bravest men I know." Sherlock said taking Rosie's teary face between his hands as she sobbed. "Infact, he's maybe
"I can't believe we've never been in a situation where you've had to ask that," Atlas smiled. "But I'm grateful. The flashes may not be so great but the sounds alright. Counting the distance of it is far more interesting anyway."
"I thought about you a lot." Sherlock said, his elbows resting on his thighs as he looked out across the sea. "I wondered everyday when I first got up. I suppose that's part of the reason my drug use spiked, why I needed cases." He began to say something else again but forced himself to stop himself. "Anyway, it was you who wanted to speak with me."
"You've got a lot more flour in your hair that just the ends love." John said, Sherlock coming over and pointing to sections of it, Atlas rolling her eyes.
"Yes, because it's true. I can never say thank you enough to you, dad or Rosie. I just can't. So thank you." Atlas smiled.
Sherlock didn't say anything except put his head in his hands and rub his face. Atlas wasn't very good at reading people's emotion's but slowly she sat up and swung her legs over the side of the bed. The chair that Sherlock was sat on was not far from the bed so she was now close to him.
"Okay, okay." Wanda soothed. "You are looking a little pale. Why don't you go back to bed and you can have some of my bread when you get up?"
SHERLOCK tossed and turned in bed, restless like never before. Rosie and Sammy were with his parents and siblings along with the dog. And the house was, an unbelievably eerie quiet. Jumping out of bed he threw on his usual attire and shoes before heading out into the hallway. From there he made his way down the stairs, to the front door and collected his coat. And without looking back, stepped out into the bright and beautiful day.
Silently after sometime, Rosie came over and sat next to him stroking the dogs head. He looked at her before back to the dog and they sat wordlessly.
Lestrade nodded once, exchanged a brief look with Sammy before uncovering the dead child. Ginger haired and so young.
"John." Jo said warningly. "Your name is John Hamish Watson. Need I remind you that all of your fathers side are from various points in the highlands, from Ardnamurchan to Dunnet Head to Inverness to Aviemore." Jo laughed, which caused John to give a little smirk. Sherlock smiled as he learnt more of John's secretive history except for what he already knew: his father was once a drunk and abusive and that his father's side was 100% scottish.
"When it's not to you, yes." Sherlock replied as he gave him a glare, Rosie placing Jeff on his head amongst his curls.
"Of course I will," John smiled before maneuvering himself under her covers, Atlas pulling the weighted blanket over the top as she lay next to him. "Sleep well, sweetheart."
"Where do you want to head?" He asked looking over at her. "The coast or the hill?" She looked at him before proceeding to make her way over to a map and analyse it carefully.
"Because of the poisoning." Mycroft sighed as Eurus reappeared with two chairs and placed them on the other side of the bed to Sherlock and John.
"Hello Bee." Sherlock said, squatting down to her height so that he could meet her with eager, awaiting arms.
"Yeah, I want to go out, I'm just thinking, that's all," Atlas said before getting to her feet and looking at him. "Hug?"
"Am I missing something?" Sherlock asked nochantly before John sniggered. Sherlock did in fact know, he wasn't stupid. For God's sake the last time he was with her she was seven.
technically the government. The large doors stood before them and Atlas tentivaley knocked before entering the established home. Everything was the same as it had been just a day earlier.
"Oh," Atlas said as she watched him hop out and stand looking out at the view. She got out and stood next to him. "Sorry, I know you tried. I love you for that. I loved you then, I love you now. You were my everything,
"The ring! She's wearing a wedding ring!" Atlas exclaimed it all making sense in her head before her face fell. John looked between Sherlock and Atlas begging for them to announce the conclusion they had come to.
"Of course you can," Atlas smiled before she shuffled back on the sofa and Rosie climbed up. Sitting in Atlas lap, Rosie put her cheek on her sister's shoulder, Jeff pulled to her chest. Atlas wrapped her arms around Rosie and she felt calmed and relaxed. "I love you, Rosie."
"Yes. Sherlock went on a walk. You could go meet him. I'll tell you which direction to go and look after Rosie if you want to head out?" Wanda asked.
But Sherlock's head was so full of other things he didn't hear John as he slid down the wall and tucked his knees to his chin. Unable to catch a breath and feeling so stupid for being a grown man who couldn't control his emotion. Couldn't be the grown-up he needed to be. Couldn't be the father he needed to be.
"It's much appreciated," Lucy smiled and Sherlock smiled back as he slid the mug of fresh mint tea infront of her. He nodded. "How have they been...about Abayomi?"
THEY weaved their way through aisles upon aisles of Christmas trees, decorations and other interesting items. The London christmas market was always interesting and as Rosie clutched onto John's hand they effectively dodged people. Some were walking around with mulled wine, whilst others chatted eagerly at steak bars across the street. They had come with the intention of getting a christmas tree - preferably plastic - and decorations. Purely Atlas' idea, it being her first opportunity to really have one. The sludge of slow made for an icy route, but they made it to the secluded plastic Christmas tree stall. There, they selected a dark green one for purchase before going off to look at baubles.
"The estate agents rang and they made an appointment in the next few days," Sammy said quietly. "And so did the coroner...they can't hold the bodies much longer. My mum's will says cremation but I don't know what to do with Georgia."
"Uncle. My, Mycroft's gone up in the world." John said earning a laugh from the room as they all resumed their previous places. Atlas stood looking at the piano, smiling as Sherlock made his way over to the violin.
"That was it. Virgin Holmes, Virgin, gay-ass, dickbrain, faulty tower. Bet your still a damn virgin." The man laughed, the woman beside him doing similar. Atlas however, smirked at that thought. You had both stupid and extremely stupid in this world.
"One was at school, one was in the kitchen and I had one in the middle of the night because I had a nightmare about you." Atlas said. "Luckily the last one - the one in the middle of the night - I managed to have it in the bathroom and my fall made Sammy wake up, then get papa."
"I'm going to head upstairs, make sure they haven't killed each other." Molly said, before disappearing.
"You've been feeling dizzy for a while, we'll mention it to Thomas when we get home," John said rubbing her shoulder as he smiled.
"Wait for me!" Rosie screeched wanting to join them as they were about to exit the door. She was still wearing her pyjamas but nobody cared.
"Please please please." He said to the sky before beginning to dig at the earth. The skin on his hands peeled more, splinters digging it into his skin before finally hitting the coffin. He dragged the dirt around some more before finally revealing the coffin lid. He pulled off the coffin lid before finding her. Her mouth dropped open slightly. He ran a hand over his eyes before pulling her out. This time there was breath. Checked her eyes and there was movement - most importantly they were the colour of eyes she shared with Sherlock. A sedative. She was alive and alright.
"Don't charge him. His father and sister have just died. And his mother's been arrested. Don't charge him. He's grieving." Atlas said before pinning a tissue to her nose, Sammy collected the violin and Lestrade sent a hurried message to one John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.
Instead she said, "Nothing, just wondered where you were." Sherlock nodded once and before long he was pulling open the unit. Inside, was a variety of things that had sheets of clear plastic overtop that made the place smell clean and look tidy.
WHEN Atlas woke, it was the early hours of the morning, the storm still going. Her head was placed over John's heart and the sound of his gentle breathing and steady heartbeat kept her own heartbeat measured.
"I could take you out to see them one night." Dr Aduba offered, only to be met with Atlas shaking her head.
"Yeah, why not." John smiled as Sherlock got out some of the new wine glasses he had bought and then the denby plates he bought. "Atlas, you gonna help me with the dough?" John asked, Atlas nodded, got up and put on an apron before helping John knead the dough. He threw some flour on the kitchen bench, Atlas rubbing it in before managing to get it in her hair and on her face. Sherlock then came over to do some kneading, laughing as he too got some in his hair.
"This." Sherlock said from by the breakfast bar. "Why didn't you tell us?" He unplugged her laptop and passed it to John who looked at it before frowning.
"You just said mum aloud and few people still type letters. Our post was later than usual, you sighed midway through your letter, cursed aloud, appeared to be mildly distressed and daunted." Atlas explained. "Or you could just take the explanation that she rang the house yesterday while everyone was out. I only listened for a while and I figured it was her due to the mobile number and the request for John Hamish Watson, and not everyone knows your middle name. It's not like you tell them."
"Did you just quote popular culture?" John asked as he wrapped his arms around Sherlock. Sitting on the floor like a child, Sherlock gave a baritone chuckle.
"My little girl. My little girl. My little girl." Sherlock recited over and over and over until John just pulled him into a hug and let him cry into his shoulder. Sammy made his way over to Atlas with Rosie.
It was Friday night, the previous day being quiet as Atlas went with Mrs Hudson to get Jem - the cat she had been eyeing up. They had had a successful introduction between Redbeard and Jem
"Yeah, I will." Atlas said unconvincingly, going to school wasnt going to work. Good things didnt happen. Never happened. She was called the banned word on more than one occasion and she was thrown insults. Now that John and Sherlock were together, she was so afraid of what people might say what might happen.
"Ninety-four!" She exclaimed looking at him. Sherlock nodded making her gasp and put a hand over her mouth. "That's nearly as old as grandma!"
"Is surprisingly alright," Sherlock said as he looked to John. "We're just trying to do our best but he was a part of our family before his sister's diagnosis."
"I can't Ro." Sherlock sighed as he sat on the breakfast bar stool with Atlas on his left. "I have to help Atlas out with her homework."
"I felt, that in some way, I was losing my best friend. And it was silly and stupid and it hurt because I wanted you to be happy. After all I'd done, after I had jumped off that building and faked my death, you deserved more than being stuck running cases with an annoying dick never knowing if your going to be the murder victim."
After one more hour the doctor came out declaring that it was a success. They had managed to effectively remove the bullet from her flesh, but she would remain unconscious for a while yet. The trio sighed before being escorted to the room where Atlas was. She had tubes attached to her in various places, needles in her hand, and then silence descended.
"No, I think she's okay," John said. "Bless her. I can't tell if there's something stressing her out or if this is just getting worse."
When the shot rung out, another one went off a split second later and in an instant everything changed. Dead and cold Mary-Anne lay on the floor, blood falling from her mouth. Instant death Sherlock concluded, and then he rushed to Atlas who was lying on the floor with a gun shot wound in her stomach.
And in that moment, he knew. He had decision to make. Atlas or Sherlock? His daughter in the throes of another seizure or his husband who looked like he was about to be triggered by said daughter having a seizure.
Atlas and Rosie spent half the night speaking to one another, sat crossed legged on the bed. They covered philosophy, geography, politics, war and everything you can possibly think of that goes through your brain. Then they touched the topic of John's nightmare's.
"Papa!" Rosie screeched, carefully making her way off the stool. "Your not allowed to be in here." She took his mug off him. "Out." She warned, her eyes narrowing. Then she playfully pushed him out causing him to laugh at how serious she was.
"I think everything is going to be just fine," John replied with a laugh, knowing fine well that wasn't what Sherlock had meant. With a smile, Sherlock leant down and kissed John on the lips with a smile.
"Checking for infection. You were shivering last night and with a battered immune system from the poison I'm not convinced." Dr Aduba said. "But continue."
"Look after her, I know you will," John smiled, turning over and watching Sherlock go before clicking the light.
Finally, they walked through to the other side, the big house somehow managing to remain cosy. They went in and saw that it was beautiful. The perfect way to describe it. Cosy wooden and stone walls with a fire in the corner - Atlas being able to imagine her parents chairs sat in front of it. Atlas could also imagine them having a secondary lounge area where they could sit when they had guests.
Walking onto the music landing they were pleasantly surprised to find them all hanging about, writing up some music. Atlas was sitting with Sammy, looking at some music. They were scribbling out harmonies and doing all sorts of transposition work.
"No, but I want to take my mind off of everything," Atlas muttered as she looked at John who nodded.
It was the jerking movements that alerted them first. Atlas couldn't see it coming, she said her head was cloudy but that she felt aright. They were eating, around the table, candle light illuminating their surroundings due to the absence of electricity. She'd tried to grasp a hold of the fork when her arm had jerked a little. She thought nothing of it.
"I wonder if you needed to go onto blended," Sherlock smiled. "And anyway, have you taken this mornings out the box?"
"Will be," John said, looking out the window that looked onto it. "Looks like they picked up Peter on the way, Isla." He glanced back at her as she smiled.
"John?" Sherlock said as he stirred from his slumber, Atlas sitting up promptly to look at them. He looked directly at his best friend as he anticipated his response.
"Dad," Atlas complained. "Its just, what if they don't? Then I've ruined it for everyone and papa and-and myself and I don't want-"
Sherlock looked in and realised she was still sleeping against John's chest on the bed. John however seemed to be awake as he stroked strands of hair out of her eyes.
"I care about my person more too." Atlas laughed before she moved from giving a John a hug to giving Sammy hug.
"I still can't believe it." Greg said as they sat in their car outside the house that Sherlock had bought. "He actually has done it."
"I love you too, Sherl," John said back to his husband with a smile as he nestled beneath the covers. Sherlock was and always had been a furnace and his warmth comforted John in sleep.
"Right," Sherlock said, stepping onto the sofa and squeezing into the gap between his daughter and the back of the sofa. "Thank god Isla has a nice and wide sofa." He rumbled as Atlas looked at him and nodded.
"Don't scream." A distorted voice began, before breaking. "I have a lethal injection waiting for you. The exact right amount. Or maybe I'll wait and see if he can get to you before you either suffocate or die from an injection. Either would be nice to watch."
"Playing a game dad." Rosie said as she giggled and continued what she was doing. For a moment Sherlock went cold unsure on whether to correct her or not.
THE following morning Atlas woke early and opted to make herself some breakfast. Wanda and Timothy had been shopping on their way over and picked up some food for the house. Along with it they brought whisky and wine - but only a small amount. Atlas let Red outside, knowing he would eventually come back and then she began making some toast. As she was retrieving the butter from the fridge she heard Wanda enter the kitchen.
"Alright?" John asked his head snapping to look at his youngest who nodded despite the tears. "I can take the kitchen roll if you-"
"Can Sammy come over on Saturday?" Atlas asked, sighing as she unlocked her phone and went to his text.
"You alright?" Sherlock asked gently, a reassuring hand placed to her back in comfort. She nodded quietly before looking up at him. "Sofa or bedroom?" Sherlock asked, Atlas looking at him before walking away and sitting on the sofa. She stared into the distance as she rested her temple against her fist, elbow flush with arm of sofa.
"You didn't mean what? Christ Sherlock! She's going to grow up seeing Mary as a non-important figure in her life! That's not what I wanted!" John shouted, Sherlock reeling as John seethed. They'd gotten better at doing this less and not letting the fights get too extreme and out of hand.
"DAD." Atlas said when the tall, dark haired man walked slowly into her room. He looked a mess, wide eyes and beginning to grow a bit of stubble. She gave a little cough and Sherlock's steps increased in fervour. "Sad?"
"I'm tired." Atlas explained before she picked it up, stuffed it into a pillow case and flopped down onto the bed.
I don't have a heart condition. I've never witnessed or had a seizure, but I do know what anxiety feels like. I have done some research on absence  and physical seizures but please if anything is incorrect please notify me!
"Shhh...shhh..." Sherlock was muttering as he pulled Atlas to sit. He sat on the bed and pulled her to his chest. "I know. I know."
"What?" Atlas asked, but she mustn't have said anything because the nurse just looked at her sadly. "Quick." She tried again, and this time she must have made a lot of noise because the nurse looked at her. Instead of looking at him, the teenager looked out the window to see the first rays of morning dancing over the city.
"They were experiments," Sherlock said as he offered a hand and took the box from John whose brow was furrowed. He cradled them against his stomach and looked at them. "I made a compilation though...of the best bits..." His hand carefully went inside of the box and rooting through it a bit he came across the CD he wanted. Pulling it out he handed it to John who got up and went around to the other seating area and opening the CD player. The rest of the family including Mrs Hudson moved away to the other side and sat infront of the TV, both Redbeard and Mou following.
"Rosie needs to go to bed soon too. Do you want to come up with your dad and me? We normally give Rosie a bedtime story." John said as Atlas decided that sounded quite good and stood up, walking to the stairs and going up.
"Have you got everything Rosie?" John asked as he stroked her hair down her back. It was so pretty under the sun, looking more blonde than brown and she smiled. Her teeth sucking on her bottom lip as she smiled up at him nodding.
The first case to come in were two morris dancers who claimed to have had fraud committed against them. They were separate cases but they came together because they thought that they were linked. Infact they had been stealing from each other and so therefore both parties had committed fraud.
"And so the mystery begins." Atlas said as herself, John and Mrs Hudson joining as they looked over Sherlock's shoulder at the laptop. A photo of a dead man. This one was going to be interesting.
name." The older lady said, somewhat not sure what to think of the name. "Mrs Hudson." She said introducing herself, before motioning for her to go up the stairs. So much of her life already had been building up to this moment, the moment she would meet her father. Normally you would assume that a girl would search her mother, but when your said mother is in a psych hospital somewhere in the middle of the ocean, there is very little to go on. In her mind, she didn't want her mother in her life, she just wanted someone,
"Take a deep breath," John said to him. "In and out, in and out. Here," John said grabbing the teens hand as he placed it over his own chest. "Feel me breathing."
DRIVING home, Atlas looked into the backseat where Rosie had fallen asleep before looking again out the window. Redbeard had also lain down, as much as he could on his harness, and gone to sleep.
"May I?" He asked, Mrs Forbisher nodding as he weaved his way to her computer. The monitor buzzed when he plugged the pen drive in and up came some video documents. Mr Fraggerty turned the monitor towards her parents and Atlas' friends, Mrs Frobisher coming round on her office chair for a better look. Before them footage played of Atlas repeatedly coming into contact with Mrs Pertwee. Everything from the first day she was taken into her office to the incident of the day. The footage slowed and the room was still.
"Atlas," John said back. "It wasn't the right time to tell me about new symptoms. I'm trying to sort Peter out."
John gave a laugh and kissed Sammy's temple. "Right, let's go get in the car and I'll drive you to the station."
"Yes, yeah. Rosie does nearly everything with him. Redbeard can't come, Rosie is less likely to go - unless of course we find a way to distract her." John laughed, Sherlock now smiling too. Mrs Hudson went through to the living room where she could listen to the music and Rosie's story. At least, that's what she claimed. In reality, she wanted to leave the parents to speak.
"Because Mrs Hudson informed me a few days ago that she's going to sell up. She offered it to me to buy, but I said I thought it was about time we moved on. And I need your help to make the house feel like a home before it's been lived in. You have your mother's eye for colour." Sherlock informed her before he frowned thinking about Mrs Hudson.
"My aunt." Atlas said. "She doesn't speak much." Then she lifted one of the books out of the box and handed it to Sammy. "Its by my grandfather, I helped to edit it." Sammy's eyebrows raised before he smiled.
"Yeah, course." Sherlock smiled as he pulled up a chair and reached put a hand to her forehead and placed it gently. Rubbing with his thumb, he brushed her hair out of her eyes and continued rubbing against her temple.
"No. It's not my story to tell. It's papa's and dad's." Atlas said quietly looking at the girl who now looked somewhat upset. Tears formed in the younger girls eyes, then suddenly dissipated. Her eyes going wide in excitement yet again.
Meanwhile Sherlock and John were watching helplessly as she started up her no's again, panic flashing over her face.
"I won't," Atlas smiled. "I promise. But if I die soon, donate what organs you can including skin etc and maybe donate my skull to be used as Yorick. I should quite like to follow Tchaikovsky's iconic footsteps."
"Choose. Your going to have to do the mechanics anyway." Atlas sighed as she looked at her tremoring hands.
The presents had been opened amongst laughter and celebration, hugs given to every family member sat in the living area. At the end Rosie lay on the floor, her head resting against Redbeard's body as she tapped out a beat on the floor.
"Thank you, papa," Atlas whispered.  And chewing on it, her grip on him didn't loosen, only tightened.
"Alright?" John smiled at Sammy who frowned even further as he scrutinised the empty case. Closing the door behind him, John came over to sit on his bed. Sammy's eyes remained fixed on the hard suitcase which was sitting open on the floor.
"I do." Atlas said from where she was sat on the sofa with Mycroft. "I'm saving up to get one and a concert electro-acoustic ukulele."
"Alright, but check their 3 for £10 sale," John smiled as he watched Sammy head for the records selection. Rosie followed John up the stairs towards the sheet music and latched onto his hand as they entered the little, long rectangular room. It had been ages since he'd been in a music shop and he smiled as his eyes grazed over the pages of music.
"Right or left?" Sammy asked Rosie, looking in the rear view mirror at her. She gave a kick against her seat before looking to Redbeard.
"Yeah." Atlas said with a smile and as soon as the doctor was out the door she changed into a jumper. Gathering her trainers she pulled them on, then collected her blanket wrapped it around her shoulders and stood to her feet. Then she waited.
"What did you dream about Atlas?" Rosie asked quietly, Atlas looking at Sherlock and John for help with how to answer.
Again, I don't read over these and am pretty much using AO3 as a place to secure my work for future reference. So I can get back to it when I break my phone etc.
"I'll help you." Sherlock whispered. "They're my family now too." He rubbed his hand over John's back.
"He's been approved by Eurus. What an achievement." Sherlock said sarcastically with a smile and Eurus smirked, leaning against him. They launched into a little bit of a giggle, remaining quiet with mind of Atlas sleeping.
"Shhh. You don't, Sherlock." John said, his fingers brushing the back of the younger man's neck. "Or at least, you don't have to do all the bravery on your own. That's why I'm here. That and because I love you."
"Just tired and I want to go home." Atlas said quietly looking down at her arm. "And the amount of blood your taking off me is making me want to throw up."
It was the blood curdling scream that made John look back to Atlas who was sitting bolt upright in bed breathing too fast, eyes wide, pupils blown, chest tight and her left leg bouncing under the duvet. Her mouth was forming a speed of incoherent mumbling that was evidently an ongoing part of whatever was going on in her mind.
"She's slowing," John said as her body began to slow before she stopped, her eyes opening after a moment. And then her eyes went wide in horror and she looked at Sherlock.
What John hadn't noticed was that the lady from the family Court had followed them in and was now watching the exchange.
"Hey, we're not that old." John laughed before Atlas slowly began to sat up. She looked at Sherlock for guidance as he squatted by her and helped her up onto her feet.
"Ok." Eurus said as she picked up a basin and shoved it against her stomach. "Ok." The next thing she knew, she was violently retching, yet bringing up nothing.
"I love you too," John said, rubbing her back underneath his hand applying a copious amount of pressure. "This alright?"
"Ida Atlas Elizabeth Holmes." Atlas replied as she began measuring out the chocolate chips she had brought.
Sherlock shot her a look and Atlas just shrugged, before Sherlock sighed and looked at the sheet. He nodded once before Atlas left, smirking.
"Let's do this dad." Atlas said before together they carefully spread the contents of the bag onto the wet grass, the ashes seeping away into the soil. Atlas was surprised when she gave an uncontrollable sad sigh and that was when Sherlock began to cry. His chest heaved and his eyes stung as he cried quietly, Atlas hugging him close. One arm round his front and an arm round his back. "It hurts rather a lot more than I thought it would." Atlas admitted to her dad, tears fighting their way out.
A woman, who'd been watching came over, sparkly eyed. She was older, Sherlock noted, and held a camera.
"Come on," Sherlock smiled as Atlas followed him out to the car. He packed her stuff into the car next to the dog who was in it, before he looked back at Atlas with a smile. "Long route. We're going to take a bit of a detour. Is that alright?"
Moving close to the bed he sat down on the other side of her case. "Atlas," Sherlock whispered. "Open your case."
"I don't want to end up going around in a circle again." Atlas began, tears pricking her usually unsentimental eyes. "I had such plans for New Years. But the worst part is. If you can't remember me, I don't know if I can be there. I've written this song and it must have a violin playing alongside the piano and my voice. God knows I can't do all of them at once." Atlas laughed as she smiled to herself. "Just try to remember me and Redbeard. He's missing you. I took him for a walk this morning before...well before I heard." Atlas noticed her leave and stood to go. "Just, get better. Alright?"
"Some people can't be fixed Ro." Atlas said from her chair. "They try and they try but in the end, they can't be fixed." Measured voice, Sherlock looking up from where he sat crossed legged on the floor.
"Rosie?" Atlas asked again before she saw Dr Aduba, who took a seat in a chair by the bed as Amy moved. The pretty woman sat on the bed by Atlas' knees.
"History, Politics and....English Literature!" Sammy exclaimed, Abayomi laughing as they looked at each other excitedly. "Although, Atlas over here is too feckin smart for school and is taking Maths aswell, even though she already sat it at Higher last year along with English, Music and Biology."
"It won't be lukemia Sam. You know it in your heart and I do too." Atlas sighed as they pulled into a fuel station. "I'll do it."
"Sherlock," John said when the man didn't look at him. "I got something." John held out his hand with the two rings inside his palm. Opening it like a flower to him. "Mine says...'Starving.'" He paused. "And yours says-"
"It's dated about a week or so back." John said unconvinced and aware that it wouldn't be unlike a Holmes to lie to save the family members. "I'm going to get Mycroft to look into these claims." He added before going outside and collecting Mycroft and only Mycroft.
"He's...He's forgotten you, and Redbeard. He's forgotten every step of progress either of us have made with him." Lestrade said as he sat deflated on the sofa.
"Okay. I miss Rosie..." Atlas sighed. "Like, I miss her a lot. And I miss my piano, ukulele, violin and I was getting so close with my cello and being able to afford one...uhghh...that's annoying."
"I don't know," Sherlock sighed as he looked away from John and John really should've taken that as a sign to stop the trajectory he was on. But he blew up, he knew he shouldn't, if anything he was angry for himself and the relationships he had made - or rather,
"Well then, I should have to get the cello out the loft to let you have a look at it," Isla said with a smile.
"I'm sorry Dr Watson. Our student, Atlas, sometimes forgets to be quiet." The teacher, Mrs Pertwee, said her gaze directed towards Atlas.
"Don't be ashamed of me. Part of the appointment enclosed a mental health thing too because the seizures I had before were caused by stressful situations." Atlas frowned. "Here it goes...I have anxiety...like...quite bad..."
"I'd noticed," Sherlock said as he sat down on another chair. He leaned against John's shoulder with a goofy smile as Atlas giggled.
Sherlock reluctantly put down what he was working on and made his way to the door. His eyes went wide and his lips were pursed as he looked at the girl in some sort of awe.
"Yes, because although you both came at a moment that I needed you and you both saved my life on several accounts and made my life worth living but you...you Atlas, your me. You are a part of me that is living and breathing and
"I don't see why not." John smiled, before he looked at Sherlock expectantly. The younger man looked up, a crinkle appearing between his eyebrows. "Sherlock, our daughter is trying to ask you a question."
"Oh John." Sherlock said as he came into the bedroom from the bathroom in his pyjamas. "Okay, okay, okay." Sherlock's hand went onto John's shoulder and squeezed lightly.
"He's just nipped to the toilet, sweetheart," John said from the kitchen where he was making dough ready for pizza bases with his aunt and mother.
Sherlock and Atlas nodded at one another before getting to their feet and when Atlas turned around and Sherlock looked up, they too were crying.
"Sherlock?" A voice asked, causing him to whip around and look in the direction of the voice. "Thank god. It's only you." Relief flooded out with her speech as he slowly took a seat on the chair. It was very early on, after Atlas' first dead body that he first broke the physical boundaries of a socio-path. He'd touched and hugged both Mrs Hudson, John and Rosie several times but it still took years to get to this point. In a matter of months he'd knocked down his own walls, and little did he know but he had knocked down Atlas' aswell.
"Excuse me." She said as her face dropped and she went into the kitchen, her eyes to the floor. No-one paid much heed, except for John Sr and Jo. They were confused about her as she moved away from them.
"Not too much longer. I can move two of my fingers," Atlas said showing her 'pincers' as she called them and smiling as she looked up at her dad with a smile. He put his hand on top of her head before Atlas looked up at Jo who was giving her a replacement heat bag and it smelt like lavender. "Thank you, grandma."
Screaming, she swiped the surfaces and cabinets of the kitchen. Pushing stuff off everything the case files. Crashing mugs and glass and paper. Flying fists and kicking the cabinets.
"Why've...why've we stopped?" Sherlock asked bewildered as he pulled himself back into his seat and undid his seat belt.
"Did you see anyone in the room last night?" Sherlock asked Atlas giving him a look as if to say 'if-I-had-I-would-have-said-so-last-night.' Atlas looked at Sherlock her face faltering slightly. All she could remember was a pale face of a man, still alive, planted. Or did he put himself there? She couldn't tell. As she got lost in her own mind Sherlock moved away from where he was standing.
"John, sorry. I didn't mean to make it out that you have no money. I'm sorry." Sherlock said walking over to him with his hands out, palms up. "Shit. I've only gone and fucked it up."
"Yes, normally," Atlas started before she looked at him. "But that doesn't mean anything, dad. The reason you haven't told anyone about your autism is because, at the end of the day, the label doesn't matter that much. Your you first and foremost and then you are a list of other wonderful things aswell."
lengthy chat about housing with Mrs Hudson. It was only ten so she figured she could leave her room and go to the medicine cupboard. Collecting her hot water bottle along the way - she often found this didn't work great but it provided comfort. She left her room, only to realise it had started so she made her way to the toilet. Doing what she needed to, she noted she hadn't bled onto her pyjama trousers and snuck along the hallway. She opened the door into the living room, John lying against Sherlock on the sofa, as they watched something on TV.
"Okay. I'll be by to pick you up." John said to her and Atlas furrowed her eyebrows at him. "We're going to have a barbeque out the back tonight because the weather is scheduled to be good. Just thought you'd want to spend the day at home aswell, seeing as Rosie isn't going back in until Monday. Worried she might say something about...well...you know."
"Shall we do that duet thing then?" Sammy asked Atlas as he pulled out the guitar from where it was sat.
Sammy pulled up ten minutes later with a smile and a curt wave. Getting out he went straight for Atlas and gave her the tightest hug imaginable.
There was Leanne who had brought Sammy along, sitting by Greg. Molly and Andrew in conversation with Mike Stamford whilst Eurus showed Rosie how to paint out a picture of the new tree house that had been built just a week earlier. Other family members were around as Jo began to get along with Timothy and Wanda. Warmth spread through the group as the sun began to beat down on them and they smiled, Sherlock looking over to his husband.
"Nice to meet you, John Watson-Holmes and this is Atlas Watson-Holmes." He gestured behind him where Atlas looked up, gave a momentary smile and went back to what she was looking at. "I'm sorry but we really have to get on. My partner and I are having some family over this afternoon." John smiled before he began to make his way to the checkour, Atlas pushing the trolley.
"Dad," Atlas said before wrapping her arms around him and gripping his shirt for he didn't wear a blazer.
"Yes, she's having a fit. Tissue." Sherlock ordered, John standing watching on in painful realisation that you can be a doctor, but nothing will ever prepare you for seeing your own child going through something. "John, tissue." John still didn't move as the remaining family members began to make their way down the stairs. He felt frozen as he watched on helplessly, ignorant to his doctors initiative that couldn't break through his fatherly skin. "John, standing there isn't going to help. I need a tissue, she's bitten her tongue and her mouth is bleeding. There's blood in her saliva. I need a tissue."
"Of course I'm sure. I know what I'm getting into, but...I know I love him. And I hope to god he loves me otherwise it could make an incredibly awkward marriage." John joked before his smile faded and Timothy looked at him.
A successful Christmas with the family yielded ideas for New Years Eve. Currently it was the morning of the 27th. It had been decided that they would keep it quiet. Just the four of them plus Mrs Hudson and maybe see the rest of them on New Years Day. That way they could be alone and talk and enjoy each others company - Sherlock still protested that he would rather be alone.
"I don't know." Atlas said as John sat down opposite her and she looked at her in the eyes. "Experimenting with chords outside of the traditional I, IV, V, VI."
"I have Atlas. I'll always have her." John said before nodding and both men went into the doors, the room becoming empty.
"Did she rape you, Sherlock?" John asked quietly and Sherlock just nodded before he sobbed and John held his husband against him. "Oh Sherlock."
"I love you John." Atlas said quietly into John's shoulder, snuggling in increasingly closer. It was just inaudible to the remaining family in the room.
As soon as he had left Sherlock, John had scrambled over to Mycroft who had a laceration on his upper arm that was bleeding heavily. The glass still inside. In that moment the trauma doctor in him came through. He knew the risks of taking the glass out but he knew the equally worse ones if he didn't. In one movement the glass was out and the scarf that Eurus had been wearing was wrapped around the wound. The man below the doctor cries in pain before lying back and looking at the ceiling. At this moment, was when Rosie threw up, John looking back. All he had to see was Sherlock, gently rubbing her back and soothing her before he knew he could continue checking Mycroft over. He removed his own jacket and wrapped it around the man's shoulders who took it without argument. Eurus collected the umbrella, Rosie's coat and Mycroft's blazer before walking towards the centre of the room. The buzz returned.
"I don't see why we can't." Sherlock smiled as he looked over to John, then to Rosie who was nodding enthusiastically. John sighed before nodding, looking over to Sherlock who looked (unfortunately) just as scared as he did. But they had to. It was their jobs now as parents. Would it have been easier to talk about those things if they had sons? Yes.
"Most likely somewhere near Inverness. Maybe north of that or maybe slightly west. He bought a lair though, so I suspect we'll wait and see." Jo smiled, before reached a hand out to touch the hand that was resting in his lap. "Thank you. Both of you. For letting me and Harry stay with you on such short notice. You didn't have to and I know you have the girls and the dog and lots of ot-"
"Four words. Eddie just had to say 'your alright' twice," John said with a frown. "And it always takes me a long time. I don't know, it was stupid. I shouldn't have felt jealous about that."
Atlas headed in the direction of the building before climbing some scaffolding into the car park in construction. Within the building on the third floor from the ground and the second one from the top, she found what she was looking for. One truck. A single truck was all she was looking for and she felt stupid. Stupid for coming alone.
"Okay," Sherlock said before he nodded to John and Sammy in turn. John looked at her before they all began to move away, John nodding to his husband.
SHERLOCK sat, his heading his hands in the waiting room as he waited. Waiting to be able to go and see John, waiting to see if he was going to be alright.
"You should thank Redbeard, Dad," Atlas said quietly. "He told me. He kept snuffling me and then he wouldn't let me go upstairs. Think he knew." She paused as she looked at her dad, flinching as John wiped at the cut.
"No you don't." Sherlock said before putting his arms around her shoulders and pulling her into him. An awkward hug, but clearly a needed one by the way Atlas responded with a whimper.
"A nice little restaurant with a buffet that we really like, we don't go very much. Normally on the way home from Grandma's and Grandad's " Atlas informed whilst Rosie nodded enthusiastically at Atlas' statement.
"What was it about?" Sherlock asked coming into the room and clearing a spot on the coffee table to sit.
"When your dad does, finally sleep, he sleeps and can sleep anywhere he may choose. He could sleep outside in the middle of nowhere, in this weather, in a box of lego and he would be comfortable," John said as Atlas cuddled against him closer.
The first video showed Sherlock holding a baby with a head of dark hair over his shoulder patting her back. The room behind them was lit up by outside street lights and John could see Sherlock's chair, a desk with a similar layout to that of 221B but in reverse. Big windows looking onto the street. Sherlock was doing the steps around the room to the Scottish waltz and in the background you could hear a recording of a violin.
"Come on Ro," Sherlock said getting to his feet. "Time for bed." He offered an outstretched hand and she bounded over and grabbed a hold. Sammy got to his feet and walked with them. "Room?"
"Thanks." Atlas whispered before Mycroft disappeared into the lobby to make some phone calls and she was left with her dads.
Nodding, Sherlock helped her again to her feet and without moving she was met by John who just held her. And he sounded like he was crying. Just little, quiet, barely audible tears but a shaking that went through his body.
And now, she was standing, looking down at her father whom was still asleep. She desperately wanted to reach out and touch him but she feared that he would react to it. He was a soldier after all.
"Alright?" Sherlock asked when Atlas had come in. She entered the big laboratory room and Sammy came in. Eyes in wonder.
"I'm glad, it's common post menopause. It's easier. You haven't met someone, you've just met your friend for the rest of your life."
case yes," Dr Young smiled. "This is taking up a lot of her body, brain and energy. She's going to feel extreme fatigue at the end of this."
"You have to go," Atlas warned swiping the blankets off of her legs and standing up. "It's not...your not...your not supposed to be here. They'll kill you. All of them. They'll...they'll kill you. You have to go. Leave. You have to..."
"When you came, you helped him so much." Lestrade said Atlas nodded before putting down the dog lead on the mantelpiece. "God, I hope he gets his memory back."
"Look at me," John said gently. "Look at me, your okay." Putting a hand to her cheek and she tried to pull away from him but he just held her there. "Look at me. I know it's hard and I can't even pretend to know what's going on in your head but-" And he stopped himself as he realised that for the past few minutes she'd been sporadically going in and out of absence seizures. "Sherlock."
"They're of me." Atlas said before she looked up at her dad. His lips were tightly shut, just a thin line for a mouth, and quiet eyes.
Atlas brought over the soup and spoons before she went over to where the dog was lying and sat down. Sherlock however, had taken a seat at the table and were watching his mother-in-law and sister-in-law carefully. He was, in truth, deducing them and what had happened. Trying to figure out what was going on.
"Thank you, love," John smiled back, looking over at Sherlock. The younger man's nose came to rest near John's neck, his curls tickling John's ear. He sighed, his breath tickling as John pulled off his glasses and looked down at his man. "I love you too." He said as he kissed the younger man's forehead. Sherlock hummed in response before rubbing his cheek against John's shoulder gently. "You know, I read an article the other day."
"Observation." John supplied helpfully, Sherlock taking a breath as he looked off into the distance where he could just see Atlas and Sammy. She waved to them and started heading in their direction.
"I love you too." John whispered into her hair, he pulled away and looked at her. "Look, you've made your old man cry." John laughed wiping at his eyes, Atlas responding the same way.
"Oh love." John said as Atlas only cried when he spoke, Sammy moving away. John took his place and Atlas leaned her temple against John's stomach. Sherlock came over to stand aswell. It didn't last long as after another few moments she was dry heaving again to a sob or five.
"Me and Harry were chatting and I said that I told all the guys off who do it to people in our classes," Sammy said with a smirk before looking at Sherlock. "Also, I'm the person in school who punched a guy in the face."
"But your a doctor. Why can't you make her better?" Rosie wailed as she stayed sat in Atlas' embrace.
"Bye." Everyone chorused. Before Molly and her partner Andrew took their leave aswell. And then it was just the small group of them who'd been together over Christmas left. Sherlock stood giving Timothy the option to sit down, but he shook his head.
"I got mine from the war," John said quietly looking at her sadly. "And one other thing which we don't talk about."
"Atlas. You killed someone." Sammy whispered, despite it being no secret to anyone else. "You need a break."
"No, Atlas, its okay," John said gently from where he rubbed her shoulder gently. "It's alright." His eyes were kind and soft and neither of them were mad at her, but most of all, they were both awake. Grateful for that she noticed the loss of Whisper and her photo from her hands and started to panic again.
Atlas held back as she could just see the legs of the body poking out from beneath the cover. Something in her stomach lurched as Sherlock and John both noticed her holding back. She closed her eyes whispering to herself
Sammy pulled himself upright and looked at Sherlock before wrapping his arms around his waist and putting his temple against his chest. Sherlock, with an air of respect, placed a gentle hand to his back and rubbed lightly. Before he knew what he was doing, he kissed Sammy's hair and rested a warm cheek on top of his head.
"I'll speak to my supervisors but from what happened during the spinal tap, I think we should," Dr Khris said before nodding and leaving.
"I can't. What...what if I'm not strong enough?" Atlas sobbed before John lifted her head and brushed her hair out of her eyes.
"SO we were told in our PSHE class today that we're getting a talk or something tommorow." Atlas said over tea that night, John nodding with the most neutral face he could muster. "Sex Ed or something like that." Rosie munched happily away at some carrots, oblivious to the conversation. Sherlock looked over to his eldest who was eating away, before catching her eye.
"Papa, I have enough money. Let me buy it." Atlas said before she walked forward, had her card accepted and proceeded to pay the full sum. It confused John however as for him and Sherlock only gave her ten pounds a week. So how on earth did she manage to by over one hundred pounds worth of shopping?
"I wanted to meet you." Atlas explained, squeezing Sherlock's hand tighter. Her hand was going clammy.
"So that's why you wanted to do the English Literature, History and Politics course. To bump yourself up a bit." John smiled, Atlas nodding as she chucked some books into her bag and pulled the tie.
"I'm going to bed." Atlas announced after some time. She began to get up but then Sherlock looped and arm round her waist and pulled her back down.
"Besides a smashed phone and a gash on her forehead, I think she's okay." Sherlock said. "Then again, she kept asking when you'd be home. I think she wanted to see you."
In the end a very happy Rosie and Eurus won making the young girl squeal in excitement and painting many faces in the room. As normal, she clambered onto the lap of Sherlock who was sat on the sofa next to John. Atlas jumping in next to Sherlock on the strangely large piece of furniture. The four of them somewhat huddled together in what Rosie had now called their 'Birthday Eve Tradition' because they did it on the eve of everyone's birthday.
"I'll pay you back." Atlas said, her voice muffled as the tissue fell across her mouth, mucus filling her unwilling throat.
"Yeah," Sammy nodded before he hugged him again then pulled away and sat down. "But my name...what would I do with it?"
"Shots fired." Eurus said raising her eyebrows as she continued looking down at the picture that Rosie had drawn for her.
"Okay," Atlas frowned, as she got up and instead flopped onto the single. Then she smiled at Sam before sitting up right bolt fast. "Dad?"
Sammy and Xerxes were a table back and Abayomi was in a different class - having not taken History. In the middle of the lesson, Mr Fraggerty was called over to deal with an unruly lower Sixth and Atlas swiftly pulled out her phone. In the group chat they had set up between the five of them, Aba had sent a message.
"Where are my dads?" She asked again after some time and Doctor Aduba sighed, exchanged a nod with Sammy and left the room.
Sammy ran the entire way to the car and the entire way back, despite the added weight and when he came in he was heaving breath but bearing he blanket. He handed it to John who gently wrapped Atlas in it as she lay in the fetal position.
"Isla suggested we might put the fire pit on and have hot chocolate and stuff and go and put some warm clothing on you two," Sherlock scolded with a smirk before ushering them inside as himself, Peter and Harry started the fire.
"Please, if I ever say something I shouldn't." Atlas began. "Don't take me seriously." John gave a little chuckle as he rubbed her back.
"Your welcome, sweetheart. Now, would a walk with Redbeard turn my little girl's frown into a smile?" John said before he pulled away and brushed a strand of hair off her forehead.
"Can we take Sam, Rosie and Papa to that really nice pizza place run by Gordon and Beattie for tea tommorow night?" Atlas asked very quietly as Sherlock nodded.
On the other side of the kitchen, Sherlock had just come to and Mycroft was checking him for concussion.
"No." Rosie said looking at him, her eyes shining and smiling. "Thank you." Then she turned and hugged him, Sherlock patting her back gently. Then she jumped off his lap and disappeared most likely to collect a book.
"Alright." Dr Aduba said. "We also have another thing to mention. Despite your recent hallucination episode, we feel as a team who have worked on your case, that your further recovery would be better from your own bed." Atlas's eyes lit up brightly. "And we feel that as of Monday, you can be at home. However, I must stress that this decision has been made over several discussions and we will therefore require Dr John Watson-Holmes' signature to confirm that he will monitor your progress and bring you back should anything worry him. We feel that the poison is nearly gone and that the chances of any further symptoms other than headaches or occasional vomiting will be unlikely and should result in hospital admission. We would also like to note that we need to ask a rather sensitive question." Dr Aduba paused. "Normally, the changing of a dressing would be undertaken by a nurse but we thought we should ask anyway as you have a more than qualified person living with you. Atlas, would you like a nurse to come by and do your dressings over your surgical wound or Dr John Watson-Holmes? We reccomend a nurse due to the wounds close proximity to the breast."
"My trauma," She whispered. "It helps for me to speak about it, order my thoughts." A pause. "Anyway, she hit dad...a lot...but punched him and kicked him and burned him with the butt's of cigarettes and then when she was finished and she went out to hook up with a another lonely man whose wife was out of town, dad would crawl underneath the table or find me under the stairs. And he'd cry. We'd both cry. And dad would kiss me and make me feel better but I couldn't make dad feel better, I couldn't-" She sobbed then.
"Alright," John soothed. "Oh love." He said furrowing his brows at Sherlock reached out a hand to rub her back. She breathed into his shoulder. "Are you ok?"
THE pair sat at the kitchen table, the cookies still steaming on the metal rail. Atlas looked at Mycroft who was staring into space, clearly thinking hard about something.
"Your dad had a nightmare." There was a pause of discomfort in his voice. "About me and the morgue. But anyway..." he sighed. "Stop dodging my question."
All of this, of course, was thanks to Wanda and Timothy really. They brought their children up to be who they are. To be themselves. To live a little. And to take chances and to love so much that your exterior has to be hard. To want to make a difference.
"Because your no ordinary kid and your the kid of my best friend." John answered plainly, Atlas giving him a sideways look.
"Atlas is not her mother, Sherlock," John snapped. "And I am sure as hell not putting her in a psych ward."
brought a second layer of painting and some deliveries of outdoor seating for the back garden. Morning brought with it five men to fit the kitchen against the wall - Sherlock had rung them, then got Mycroft to pressure them so that the kitchen would be installed immediately - and the estate agent who was popping in to see what Sherlock was choosing to do with the place. He'd gotten on quite well with Miss Mairi Gardner quite early on, liked that she didn't judge him like every other estate agent would - although he suspected Mycroft had a hand in that. The afternoon then proceeded to bring rugs that Sherlock had ordered and the installation of the fireplace below the staircase up to the landing.
"I need to get changed," Sherlock laughed, getting up suddenly, shrugging the remainder of his clothing and pulling on a pair of pyjama trousers and a t-shirt. "She was upset, like I've never seen her before."
"Didn't have morphine on the battlefield, not really," John said before he hopped over and sat where Dr Aduba had been sat. "And I'm here Atlas."
"Breathe." Atlas whispered to herself as she paced her bedroom and flicked her hands up and down. "Just breathe. It's not as if smart is all you are. Breathe Atlas." She broke off mid sentence into a sob. "Breathe. Stop thinking about the statistics. Breathe. I can't breathe."
"I'm excited to start school." Rosie said as she held Atlas' hand. They had let the dog off the lead a few moments earlier. Redbeard was very well behaved like that; staying close and not moving too far away from them; good when Rosie held his lead - although everyone was pretty sure Red's favourite person was the four-now-five year old. Or five by midnight.
"Are you finished?" John asked Atlas gently, who nodded before John took the bucket to the nurse and came back to the bed. Atlas had now leaned back against her dad, her body cradled by him while John stroked the hair out of her eyes.
"Greg." Molly said quietly, rubbing the back of his hand with her thumb. "Come live with me and Andrew for a while."
Sherlock and Atlas filled the hour and fifteen minutes of time with mind games, chats and talks among so many other things. The dog had long since begun to snooze in the boot when John pulled up into the car park, when he stopped, out hopped himself, Rosie and Sammy. Redbeard perked up and ran to Rosie before Atlas frowned, disgruntled and looked over to John.
"Alright," John said quietly. "Alright, love, just breathe. Your alright." He paused and thought about it. "Do you want to talk?"
As soon as the door clicked, Sherlock's whole body began to shake with ragged breaths and huge sobs. The family room being filled with the sounds of pain.
"Speaking of our oldest, wise, daughter...How's she been?" Sherlock asked after he had regained his composure.
that there are a few people around us who want selfies and autographs but are too polite to ask." Atlas said before she looked some more at the message he had had come through.
"Atlas. Listen to me. Relax." Mrs Hudson soothed. "You don't have to do the thinking. Just relax. Shhh. Just relax. And I know you hate this mask but put the bloody thing back on will you?" Mrs Hudson twittered to Atlas who obeyed her request. "Now, you listen to me Ida Atlas Elizabeth Watson-Holmes. You get better. You hear me?" There were tears in her eyes. "Don't get better for anyone, except maybe Rosie and Sammy and maybe your dad and papa and me...okay maybe everyone, but anyway, get better for you. Atlas, you are one of the bravest, coolest, smartest young people, child, gangsta I have ever met. You have to fight this to right the world. You have to fight to save the world. You have to fight to save yourself. Okay?"
"Bitch." He said before he swayed away, the groups of four walking on, some what empowered. Yet John made a mental note to talk to Sherlock about that man.
"I've been thinking about what to get Sherlock for Christmas. I know it's a long way off, but I've had an idea. I needed to check with you first." Atlas said out of the blue after Mycroft had laid his word down.
"Me and Abayomi are working with our other friends, Xerxes and May to get some proof." Sammy said quickly as the girl who Sherlock assumed to be May walked up to them. Long ginger curls and green eyes.
Atlas began to tap out a sort of pattern into her phone before looking up at John from her phone. He nodded and she began to sing.
"Sherlock Watson-Holmes and that's my daughter Atlas Watson-Holmes," He said again. "And of course, Redbeard our dog."
"A multitude of things." Atlas said as she walked along some stones. "I needed to clear my head and your the only person who will get me when my venting goes on a tangent." Sherlock gave a smirk which unsurprisingly Atlas reciprocated as she watched the dog wade into a rock pool. "There's obviously more but I'll get to that." Sherlock put an arm around her shoulder as they made their way up onto the path and continued along. He squeezed it and she looked at him smiling.
"He was very good to us in the early days," John said. "Still is. Asks for progress constantly. Sam and Atlas were friends with his niece thought before she died. I was friends with her father, Thomas before he died."
"Behave." Mrs Hudson scolded whacking Sherlock with a tea towel, a laugh forming in Leannes throat. A smile on John's lips.
Before he set to work phoning various officials however, he came over put a hand to Atlas' shoulder. She stood and engulfed him in a hug, which he took as he smiled. "I'll look into it Atlas, don't worry about it."
"The boot in my car isn't very big." Sammy warned as Rosie let Redbeard out the front door before she unhooked something.
"You had all the rooms planned out. You knew who's would be who's." She scolded before her eyes went wide at him, Sherlock smirking. "You've already made an offer and your waiting to hear back. Did you just want company or something?"
Eventually, once the sun had fully risen, Atlas glanced at her watch. The time read around 7.30am. That's good. Atlas thought to herself. I've occupied her.
"WHO spells 'spleen' with an a in the middle?" Mycroft asked as Atlas laughed laying down her letters. The game had been going well and they were currently neck and neck in position.
They got off and Sherlock walked around a little, Atlas following on as he went round a corner and down a little, quiet street. Houses of miscellaneous decor, building dates, structures lined the street, each one with a large front garden and clear space round the back that was sizable too. Up ahead of her, her dad came to a stop and looked at her with the crinkle brow she found more than
"Atlas," Sherlock said and Atlas popped her head around the corner. "Hop in." He said tapping the boot.
Mycroft looked at John and nodded once. "I think me and Eurus will be going. It was nice to pop in. Tell us if anything changes." And they were gone, just as quick as they arrived. Sherlock's back still faced John's. John walked forward, slung his arm around Sherlock's waist and pulled him in.
"Sure." Sammy smiled, feeling at home in the older man's prescence. Sherlock and John had been like the dad's he didn't have.
"COME on Atlas. We'll go walk the dog." Sherlock said placing a hand on Atlas' shoulder. Atlas smiled slightly before jumping off the counter.
"ADULT male, approximate age of forty, recently widowed. Looks as if he was shot, but you don't need me to tell you that." Atlas said before stopping. "I need to look at the child."
"Uhh...the-the writing on that mug," She pointed to the bedside table. "The red stiching on dad's coat...umm....the....the... papa's scarf....my socks and your hair...mycroft's hair..."
"A bit of both I suppose. I am like your dad, an adrenaline junkie. Can't stop myself." John laughed, Atlas coming up to put a head against his shoulder, Rosie sleeping on. "I didn't have a family to come home to, so it didn't hurt as much to be away. I wasn't normally in direct line of fire, but believe me. I saw a lot of them die. Young men. Men with families. Men yet to have families." There was a pause. "Your not like, thinking of joining the army when you get old enough, are you?" John asked, alarm and concern edged in his voice.
"Everything," Atlas mumbled from where she had been previously sleeping. "But I'm alright...most of the time."
"I want to see Papi and daddy." Rosie began to cry, Atlas looked at the clock and realise that it read 1 am. There was chance they will be here.
"I do yes, but only sometimes," John said quietly before he looked down at Sherlock. "Sometimes I crave the adrenaline, the rush and the power but then I realise I don't really crave it, not anymore. I'm far too old for all that stuff and running about with you has long since replaced all that."
John started to make his way back to the bathroom, creeping inside. Not a moment or two after his return and Atlas was sick again - this time it consisting of more bile than anything else. She let out a tired sob.
"LET'S go buy our ingredients." Wanda said taking Rosie's hand as she skipped to catch them up at the door.
When her hand finally made contact with the wood she felt relieved. The time away from it was not that well spent and her fingers had longed the feeling of the ivory keys. Her piano was quite old so ivory keys it was, along with old wood and old pedal's. Then her eyes went wider upon seeing the sheet music and violin, her hands trembling at the thought.
going to remember." Atlas explained as she felt tears prick her eyes. "Or at least, you would only remember a little bit."
"IS that them then?" Damien asked as he pointed to a large black landrover, pulling onto the front drive.
THE first they heard of it was a few streets away, however, it immediately attracted the attention of Atlas. Screams of people, the screech of sirens and the shouting of police officers. Likely a minor scuffle, but then she saw Lestrade and his team, driving past in their cars and Atlas knew that it was a big deal. Swiftly, she pulled out her phone to see if she had any messages, none. Sherlock and John mustn't have been called to the scene then.
"Not Atlas' recipe. But yes, it's that recipe. It's my aunt's recipe. Would you like to help me make it?" John asked as he looked over to Sammy.
"We would like it if you would leave us alone." Sherlock said putting his hand out, the man's attention being caught by a security guard who knew Sherlock.
"Yeah, yeah it's me." Eurus laughed before John gave a little frown as it died away. "You need to come."
"You don't have to choose right now." Sherlock smiled before looking at the wall, pulling out a light sea blue. "Downstairs Bathroom." He said to himself as Atlas agreed. She looked over more colours, before spotting a blue that she liked. A dark blue that moved her, felt clean. Precise. New. She'd never had a blue in a room before. There'd been so many colours that she slept under. Each one ingrained in her mind, tied up in a ball of memories she wouldn't visit.
"Atlas?" Mycroft asked as he entered the room to see his niece trying not to breakdown in her bedroom. Her eyes were starting to spill over and her glasses looked long discarded on her bed. She didn't acknowledge her uncle and only continued to pace. "Atlas, you need to take a seat." Mycroft attempted to take her by the wrists and lead her to the end of her bed, but she shook him off.
"I don't want to do that either." John said, giving a little smile. "I'm taking the first shift, starting now, while Sherlock goes home to sleep. Because I think we can both agree, he needs that the most right now." Atlas nodded before she squeezed his hand tight and he looked up at her.
"You two are hopeless," Jo laughed from the other side of the fire pit. "Look at those faces." She smiled as John and Sherlock looked at her bemused. "Your always so worried about doing right by one another that you never realise that you want the same thing." They both looked blank. "You want to live here, you want to have bees and make bread and I don't know, have space for grandchildren and walk and see what there is. Scotland is home for you both and you haven't realised it."
"He's written." Mrs Frobisher began. "Most of the students say that the attack came out of nowhere and that beforehand was gentle roleplay. I have been informed that the class were studying a play by a modern playwright and that the character gets shot in a confrontation with another character. Mrs Pertwee reportedly asked Atlas to get up and stand at the front of the classroom. Mrs Pertwee is then said to have told Atlas to imagine two fingers being held up like a gun and she moved closer, a hand was then placed on her shoulder. At this point, Sammy Walters (reportedly Atlas' closest friend) stood to his feet and repeatedly told Mrs Pertwee to stop what she was doing. Something along the lines of "you can't do that to Atlas." Mrs Pertwee held her two fingers near to Atlas' stomach slash abdomen and that is when the attack is said to have happened. Mrs Pertwee and Atlas reportedly exchanged some hushed whispered - one resource saying that Atlas called her Alison. Mrs Pertwee was then pinned and shoved into the wall a total of two times before she was seen." Mrs Frobisher took a breath before looking back at the men, John reeling.
"Food!" Rosie squealed already unbuckling herself as John pulled onto a forest track and they walked over to the bench for some food.
"Right, I've made sure to put all the medication into the one place. The bag in your rucksack," John said, fussing about when he came upstairs. "Do you think we need to take Atlas some extra of her medication? I've measured out exact and then some but I mean the emergency stuff...for the pain...?"
"Are you sure?" She asked pulling away and looking up at him. "I'm hard to like, I'm a teenager seven years early, I'm turbulent, I'm a handful, people never normally want me, they didn't before, I'm fake and I don't speak sometimes and I have seizures and I'm a freak and you ca-"
ROSIE looked around the room wide eyed. This wasn't where she was when she had last opened her eyes. They landed upon a table with puzzle pieces and pictures of people and knives and countries all across the world. Tentatively her little legs wobbled their way over to the table and she looked at them. A hand clasped over her chin, she frowned, elbow on table. She didn't cry, she didn't scream. Much to their dismay, Sherlock and John had decided to teach her what to do in similar situations.
Unbeknownst to him it was Sherlock. And Sherlock had tears in his eyes, not Mary. Never Mary. Mary made him feel wonderful but if his head wasn't so screwed up maybe his heart would have led him in a different direction.
"My mother was a rubbish shot." Atlas joked, earning a tickle of laughter from John. "But do you remember when I was in hospital? I think you came for a little bit of it."
"I'll go get your dads." Dr Young smiled before disappearing. During the pause of quiet, Atlas pulled herself into a ball, her blue blanket pulled up to her nose and allowed herself to fall asleep.
Meanwhile Atlas tentively knocked on Sherlock's door. He said she could go in and she found him working on yet another one of his chemistry projects. After Rosie was born and Atlas had arrived, John insisted that no more experiments could take place. Most of the time Sherlock was doing something stupid like seeing how long it would take some form of acid to dissolve an eye. Often it was a human eye.
"Dad." Atlas sighed before he helped her to her feet and slung her bag around his shoulders, carrying it to the reception. There Atlas messily signed out before going outside and hopping into the land rover, heading home. Sitting in the front seat, she gave a small smile to Sherlock before he started it up.
"It's okay," John reassured, a hand on her shoulder. "It's alright." But now Atlas was panicking, her mind running too fast.
Atlas shook her head. No. She didn't. Yellow? Maybe. Light grey? Maybe. Pink? No. Red? No. No. No. No. "No."
"There we go. That's better. Keep it slow." John praised as Atlas' breathing began to slow and she managed a small quirk of the lips.
"Do we need to get Dr Aduba?" Sherlock asked quietly, looking over to John with worrying etching across his face.
"No, because I know that you aren't currently taking the medication that makes you drowsy on a morning because it makes you drowsy. In short, you constructed a lie and you know I'll deduce why," Sherlock frowned. "So come on Atlas, love, move your legs." She turned over and sat on her elbows, glaring at him. "You didn't even tell John the truth. What did you say?"
The family watched on quietly as the young girls body sagged against John's, a protective arm snaking around her shoulder, a firm thumb rubbing through the fabric of the jumper she's refused to take off. "Sorry." Atlas signed to Sherlock who shook his head and looked at her.
"It's fine, dad. Don't worry about not being there, please. I get it." Atlas said looking at him, before nodding in confirmation. "In all honesty, I just wanted to be with you." He looked at her kindly, as she smiled. "Although..." She began but slowly began to stop herself, he looked at her, his eyebrows furrowing further.
"I'm going to admit, that was a little scary," Atlas whispered as she put her cheek against his chest. "I think the fact I lost a little bit of my speech was scary."
"Hairbrush." Sherlock said as Atlas produced the hairbrush and he brushed it carefully. Running his clean fingers through it and rubbing gently. He pulled her hair tight and neatly plaited it into a short plait.
"Yeah," Atlas smiled before she looked back at the phone. "I need more sleep I think. Dad said they might be worse today because we were up watching the northern lights last night. Though, that wasn't too long for me actually."
"I'm just coming, love," John said as Atlas rubbed her hands on her knees and he stopped making tea. "Atlas, listen to me, listen, it's alright." He sat down next to her and pulled her to him. "Oh, darling." John said as he cradled her close to him.
"This is the last thing." John said as he entered the room carrying the violin in the purple box shaped case. He placed it gently next to Sherlock's, flopping onto the sofa. "This better be worth it."
"She's right. No work at the table." Mrs Hudson supported, her face smirking as she stared straight at John who was about to plead not guilty but thought better of it.
"That was nice," Atlas grinned as they walked along the pavement, the flowers and coffee in her hands. Sherlock with the dog whom he'd tied to a drainpipe throughout his chat inside.
Rosie then launched herself at Sherlock, her head burying into him. She shuffled as Sherlock rubbed her back.
"Whoever said this was a children's game?" The voice asked before flickering an enormous projection onto the wall. Hundreds of people each in representation of a country. And each country that made up a piece of their knife had someone shot.
"I'm sorry Mycroft." Atlas spoke up suddenly making the man furrow his brow in confusion. It was clear from the moment he met her that she was smart, smarter than initially expected.
"My mother was scottish, although I wouldn't expect you to know. As soon as she went a little loopy...well...she lost any form of accent except that she sounded mildly British." Atlas explained as retrieved triple chocolate muffins from her bag and some apples. "I stayed in Edinburgh with her while Sherlock ran cases here in London. Sherlock came back to see us often, but the money went quick because of that. Then one day when Sherlock was out...well..."
"I'll hitch hike or walk. Anything's better than dealing with you," Peter exclaimed before he got out the car and slammed the door, Paul driving away.
The key behind having Lestrade there was purely so that if they had any phone calls of a suspicious incident of two men in a black landrover, one of the men with a scarf round his eyes, it wouldn't be an emergency. Greg waved his goodbye to Sherlock as he jumped into the drivers seat.
"I..." Pause before she squeaked out. "Dad, you should really tell papa." Atlas put an arm over John's stomach and John held her with both his arms. Her cheek over his chest, eyes closed.
"'Course I do," John smiled as he rubbed his arms. "So it seems, is your little sister." Sammy's eyes lit up with his smiling face.
"Sherlock," John said quietly, looking at him and back to his reflection in the mirror. "Am I...? Am I fat?" When Sherlock didn't reply John's hands pulled at his t-shirt. "I am fat. I'm overweight. Obese even. What are they going to think, Sherlock? What...?" He swallowed as Sherlock's hand slipped into his before he found himself looking up at Sherlock again, the taller man's arms wrapped around John's waist.
"I'm really sorry," Atlas whimpered, John rubbing her cheek with his thumb and kissing her hair again.
"You don't need to be sorry." Atlas said before she sat up and leaned into Sherlock's side. "I'm just glad your back."
It was dark when they got back to the car and whilst Sherlock was putting various things in the car, Atlas noticed something. She walked over to one of the wheels and sighed when she noticed it was flat.
"Alrighty tighty." Atlas said, her and Sammy exchanging a look before bursting out in tearful laughter. "Why did I say that? That was so cringeworthy." There was a brief pause. "Hey I told you my birthday, when's yours?"
"So we've asked how Atlas is," Eurus smiled, once John had left the room. "How are the rest of you?"
"Will they get better, John?" Sherlock asked as he flopped himself onto the bed and looked at John who was climbing underneath.
"Is that everyone?" Mycroft sighed before he looked around the room and frowned. There were several sighs before Mycroft got to his feet and began to pace, every pair of eyes barring Rosie's, tracked his movements.
"How long would you let me keep the surprise of the new house from you? Up until what stage would you say?
"Rope reminds me of other times." Mr Peterson said before going over to a table, placed at the side of the room. There, Atlas could hear him pick up something.
"A strad," Atlas completed. "They are rarer than the Strad violins of which two are in our possession, dad's and Eurus'."
"Dad." Atlas cried before Sherlock bent down whilst exchanging a look with Mr Fraggerty. He put his hands over her knees and rubbed lightly with his thumbs.
ATLAS looked in her schoolbag and frowned. She hadn't packed her lunch. Gently, Sammy nudged her and she looked up with wide eyes.
"Yup, we're flying to Aberdeen tonight from Heathrow so we're hoping to have a moment to see you before we go," Harry said.
"Your so good with her." Timothy remarked, John looking at him quickly. "Atlas." John raised his eyebrows. "You are, the things she's been through. And your there through all of it."
"Is she...?" Sherlock asked looking down at her head which suggested her eyes were fixed on a button-up her shirt.
He started off down the pavement towards the Baker Street tube entrance. Sighing, she followed on, jogging to catch him up.
Atlas smiled. It was her first Christmas being just a little bit free. And she smiled. This was going to be the best christmas yet - she was sure of it.
There used to be a photo of Mary. But he'd long since moved it. He would never forget her, could never forget her. But this was his life now. He didn't want to look at the photo of his family then over to her and be reminded of those times. In all honesty, he didn't believe it was fair to anyone.
"I'm coming, love," John smiled as he made his way over to where Sherlock was crouched down next to Rosie.
Sammy hopped out with a smile on his face and pulled a sleeping Rosie out. She lolled against him as Atlas came around and took her and Sammy collected Redbeard.
"Bloody hell. Your just like him." John exclaimed while Atlas laughed. She looked around the cafe before sharing a knowing look with Sherlock.
"There's a van downstairs. Says he has something for you John." Mrs Hudson says as John makes his way down the stairs and out the front door. "And stop sulking Sherlock. No-one likes it when you sulk." He let out a sound that much resembled a 'hmph' before Mrs Hudson descended the stairs.
"I know. But she's getting better. She's in rehab." Sherlock comforted rubbing his back. "I know you miss her."
"I'm not going to pretend I know what that means." John laughed before Atlas handed him the neat book of songs.
"ROSIE?" Sherlock said loudly as he entered through the door. His eyes landed upon her before he walked over. "Rosie? Are you OK?" She looked at him before nodding. "Okay, alright then. Let's solve some problems and save some lives."
"And Jeff. But you should not feel ashamed." John looked at Sherlock. "Either of you." Sherlock nodded slowly before they initiated a group hug.
"Your up." Atlas stated, exiting her mind palace. She had told her body clock to wake her up early enough so that she was awake when Rosie woke up. Rosie looked at her funny before grabbing Jeff and jumping up onto the bed.
"I love you too, lovebug," John smiled before Sherlock came over and kissed John before offering a hug to Isla who took it and then to Harry and then to Jo.
"Paints, oils, pastels, watercolour, whatever takes my fancy of the day. I'm working on a little sketch at the minute." Ruth smiled. "Trying to sell some paintings in my shop." She paused. "Who painted that?" She pointed at the picture of Sammy's family on a picnic blanket in a field.
"We promise... as much as is reasonable." John said, causing Atlas to laugh, tears still sitting in her eyes, before she let out another sob and whimper.
"I can ask Mycroft or offer our service for free to someone in the leading department." Sherlock said wriggling for warmth under the blanket before attaching to John like a leech in water.
"Years of Sherlock...she's exactly like him, minus the autism," Mycroft said gently looking over at John. "And obviously, Atlas has FND and CPTSD but the way her mind ticks and the things she does and likes and the way she speaks. It's like dealing with little Sherlock again and I forgot what it's like to care about someone that way."
"What're you up to little John?" Harry asked as Rosie grinned before turning the camera round to show her Wanda and Timothy. "Oh, hello!"
"Just take a few more minutes, yeah?" John asked, glad that he'd just managed to catch a panic attack in it's tracks. Sherlock nodded, curling himself tightly into a ball around John's body. "Alright, I'm here."
"It takes a special person to love a Holmes." There was a pause. "Timothy's mother said it to me when I married him. Just thought you should hear it from me. More so because you love two."
"He's dead." John said before giving a little laugh. "He's dead." He was beginning to cry, his knuckles growing even more white. "He's dead and he's gone and he's left me again to look after them. I can't..." Sherlock just kissed John's forehead before holding him tightly to his chest. And John felt safe there in the bedroom of their new house with their wonderful children sleeping across the hallway and next door.
"I have some rules." Atlas announced. "Nothing violent or rude." Atlas began giving a generalised look around the table. "Nothing historical or operation based unless relevant." Atlas continued looking at John. "Nothing about drug dealers or sex." Then she looked at Mrs Hudson. "And lastly, nothing about cases or cadavers." Atlas said before turning to look at Sherlock who grumbled in response.
"Atlas?" Greg questioned, weaving his way over to the police tape. Around her, people crowded, a mother screamed and Atlas looked over. A small human body lay, covered by a blue blanket, another larger one to the left. Child. Adult. Or near enough. "What're you doing here? I was just about to call your father and John."
"No. Uh, we haven't." Atlas replied gravely, before looking up at Mrs Hudson, tears creasing in her eyes. Mrs Hudson looked at her kindly.
"Sherlock?!" John shouted as he entered the hospital, looking around, until his eyes sourced the younger man with strong arms wrapped around himself. He looked liked he was crying and John, with Rosie hanging off his hand, hot footed it over to Sherlock and just wrapped his arms around the younger man's shoulders. He rubbed his back as Sherlock let out a little sob and Rosie looked up at them wild eyed.
"Look for joins." John said after some time. "Look for joins and outlines. Those are the weak spots." Everyone looked at him in surprise as he told them what they should do - except Sherlock. Their relationship had made the man soften slightly, not look quite as surprised when he said something intelligent. John didn't know it but Sherlock saw him as highly intelligent even after all the things he has done that Sherlock had done wrong. He considered him this way due to his ability to follow most threads of thought he would blab off and not disturb the sock index and help him keep it. "What? Just cause I'm not Holmes doesn't mean I'm not smart."
"What were you doing before she pinned you?" John asked, trying to identify a motive for Atlas to turn like that. Sure, a Holmes could appear hot headed but it was because their brains worked so fast that by the time the rest of the room have caught on the culprit is being wrestled into handcuffs.
ATLAS appeared through the door promptly at 7:42pm after saying goodbye to Sammy and making sure that he had enough money for a return cab.
"Yeah," Sammy nodded with an equally matched frown. "Well, I suppose you two should know that I am anaemic and don't like tomatoes very much."
"Thank you," Atlas returned before she could be heard moving about. "I..." There was a pause in her voice. "I just started my period whilst I was in the shower, luckily for us all, and could you...maybe...please...get me...?"
"Okay," Atlas said before she walked over and swung her arms around Sammy's neck. He jumped before smirking.
"I really am sorry Dr Watson. It's only her second day here and she's already creating us problems." Mrs Hoolie said, from her position against the wall. She didn't even teach Atlas and she felt as though she were being ganged up on. She looked up at John, who remained quiet.
Although the request was not directed at them, Sherlock and Atlas moved backwards to allow for more space.
"I know. I know. I'm struggling with it too." John sighed as he looped his fingers around Sherlock's wrists. "Just breathe. In through your nose out through your mouth. In," John breathed in and Sherlock staggered a breath in. "And out," John breathed out and so did Sherlock. "In...and out." There was a pause as Sherlock and John did it together. "That's it. That's good Sherlock."
"A dog." Atlas announced proudly, her face lit up in a thousand colours as if she had just hit the jack pot.
"Just stop making problems where they're aren't any." Sherlock said, about to leave the bathroom. However, a gentle hand on his wrist pulled him back to opposite John who was frowning.
CAREFULLY, Atlas and John loaded up the car. It was currently 2pm and after a delayed start to the morning due to cases until the small hours, everyone had slept in. Rosie was currently making her way down the stairs talking idly to Sherlock about something or other. Over time Sherlock had remarkably warmed up to the idea of going out to a cottage for about a week with his estranged family. It landed over Rosie's 5th birthday too on the 24th of April. Rosie laughed as she handed her dad her rucksack to add to the luggage (and dog) in the boot. Atlas and Sherlock had brought their violins as comfortable entertainment, knowing Eurus was bringing hers and they could form a trio.
"I haven't been off to do anything interesting." John said quietly, a hint of saddness echoing through his voice.
"Look at me, Sherlock." John said, blue eyes looking up into his own. His hands held either side of the mans face. "Of course I'll bloody marry you."
"We'll just keep an eye on it, yeah?" John asked, Sherlock nodding as John brushed a stray hair off his forehead and kissed him lightly. Their foreheads eventually coming to rest against one another.
Once they had finished the two men returned to the apartment quietly choosing to walk their way home. By this point the light had dwindled and they had since moved over to Scotland Yard to check over some details. Because the light was low, the two men linked fingers and continued walking along the pavement. Their shadows grew and shrunk as they walked along beneath the lampposts.
"Yeah." John smiled as he kissed Sherlock sweetly. "The benefit of Rosie's shampoo is that it smells really nice." Another kiss before they exchanged a laugh and John got up. "Put your shoes on and we'll go in a moment." Atlas watched as John quickly asked Rosie, Jo or Harry if they wanted to come, but none of them did before darting off to use the loo
"God, Atlas, your hands are freezing," John muttered a Sammy came and sat near his feet, leaning on Sherlock.
"You've gone awful pale," John said with a furrowed brow and then Atlas shook her head and looked at him.
Atlas smiled before Rosie crawled over and planted herself between the twins. Sherlock becoming excited for the chorus, he knew what was coming.
"Good." Greg said falsely, not going unnoticed by Molly. Never going unnoticed by Molly. "Not good." He admitted after she had been sat for a minute and half with her
There was a pause of baited breath. "Me." Sherlock said and Rosie looked at him stunned. She looked confused before there it was again. The face of an understanding five year old. Raising to her feet, Sherlock waited for her to throw a tantrum, run to her Papi, run out the room. But she didn't. She stayed still, barring the absent minded shuffle from foot to foot. Then she did something no-one anticipated and slung her arms around Sherlock's neck.
"John." Atlas said jumping up excitedly and sitting on the floor next to John's feet. She smiled up at him, as he put a hand on her hair, this would be a good partnership.
"I had to go home and pick some bits up." John smiled as he pulled up a seat and reached out a hand to her cheek.
"I made you steal his Costco card because I really, really, really hope that we can persuade them to stay at the new house tonight." Atlas smiled as she picked up one of the Costco lasagne's that would make a good throw in the oven tea. She then picked up some garlic bread to her with it, Sherlock watching her. "John has a Costco card because once upon a time he was good at forward planning."
"In that case," John smiled before he looked over the banister. "Atlas!" The girls head shot up. "Do you have a moment to come and play?"
Fifteen minutes later John pulled into a parking layby before nudging Sherlock. When he didn't stir Atlas made the executive decision to get out the car and open the door. The man who had his seatbelt fastened was jolted awake by feeling as though he was falling. He looked up to see Atlas smirking as he more or less hung out of the car.
"You do it," Kirsty said. "You bloody solve it." She shot it. The gun. But it missed and now they were stood facing each other in the kitchen.
"Just some days I have some pain and then I had a headache and I was dizzy too," Atlas said looking at the menu. "But I feel better now."
"We should be getting back." He said as he tapped her thigh and stood, brushing something off his face. It was then she contemplated the idea that he may have been crying before brushing it off. Sherlock wasn't the type to cry.
SHERLOCK opened the door to the house and looked at Sammy with a calculated nod. "Alright?" He asked as he saw Sammy's glazed eyes.
"Really?" Rosie asked. "It's Billy! He's ninety-four!" She laughed. "Well he was." Everyone laughed with her, it was quite entertaining having her around. She had a little bit of humour that came from somewhere in either the Marston or Watson gene. Sherlock couldn't tell.
"Atlas," Sherlock tried, his voice hoarse. "You don't have to be afraid, not anymore. It wasn't real. Breathe. Your okay. Breathe with me. In through your nose, come on."
"Just so you know, I do love you dad. I'm grateful to you and of course papa too, for sitting with me in the hospital. You didn't have to and you should really have gone home and I feel
"Now, on a more serious note. Sherlock." Timothy explained swilling the whisky inside his glass into an endless whirlpool of alcohol.
After passing miles of flat, inhabitated land, they opened for a while before plunging into row upon row of oak and pine woodland. Sammy smiled before pulling into a forestry car park.
"Now, my experience with this is not frequent. However, yours is." Dr Aduba said with a chart poised in his hands.
May however, wanted to be a painter. She wanted to paint the world the way she saw it, wanted to detail it in colour and optimism. Wanted to highlight the beauty and the sunshine in our lives that we take for granted. The world was beautiful and May knew it.
"She's going to die." Sammy sobbed. "I kept hoping something would change but...but she's going to die...and I don't want to see her like that."
"'Dinner?'" Sherlock said looking at John before he suddenly kissed him, with tears. He sobbed into the kiss before he pulled away and got to his feet, arms crossing across his stomach protectively.
"Huh?" Atlas said as she turned over coming face to face with Rosie. Who slowly, without speaking as usual, crept under the covers next to her.
"Couldn't sleep," Atlas smiled. "My hand's also locked but thankfully I'm ambidextrous." She had a heat pad on her wrist to try relax it but it wasn't doing much.
"Aw shit." Atlas cursed under her breath before looking at the ceiling. John, who had sat on the other side of the sofa from her feet, did not look up from the book he was reading. He didn't know what was going on between them, all he could think of that would make her react this way would be their argument. Oh and maybe him shouting at her last night wouldn't have helped. And potentially she felt bad about it happening under her watch. And then maybe the all-seeing observant child had seen what he had hoped she wouldn't see. Maybe she knew about the adoption papers. And maybe she saw her name.
"It's my fault. I made her upset." Atlas admitted turning onto her back, looking up at the ceiling. "I'm sorry John."
HARRY and Jo began moving out the next day. Atlas and Rosie helped them move what little personal items they had into the landrover. Once they were finished, Jo and Harry said their goodbyes to the girls before hopping into the car, with John at the driving seat and the back seats - bar one - down. Then, standing on the doorstep of their house, they waited for Sammy, who had promised he would walk Redbeard with Atlas and Rosie.
"Alright?" He asked with a smile and Atlas nodded. She then went back to Rosie and hugged her and Jeff before Jo.
"She can have that cello," Isla said with a small smile and John nodded. She too had tears streaking her face before the music came to a stop.
Atlas' eyes smiled and before long she was nodding eagerly and following Mrs Hudson to her computer. On the monitor there were three tabs open at three different cats and Mrs Hudson had been sure that they were all dog friendly.
"Dad?" Atlas asked looking at him. "Dad?" But he wasn't moving. "Dad?" She got out of the bed and pushed his arm. "Dad." He didn't move. "Dad, please. Dad. Dad." She pushed him again but he fell of the chair. He was dead. Bleeding out on the floor and she was holding the knife that had done it.
"I forgot." Sherlock just replied quickly, Atlas looking at him with a furrowed brow. They loosened when she realised. She nodded once, putting a hand on his shoulder. John watched their silent conversation, smiling to himself.
"Oh, um, Sherlock?" Sammy said. "The solicitor wants to see me again tommorow and I need you to come. It's in the morning."
"We could homeschool." John suggested. "Atlas continues coming with us on cases and we teach her maths and other subjects here at 221B Baker Street."
"Are you OK?" He asked, Sherlock blinking an obscene amount of times as he stirred from his mind palace.
"I've seen a lot of cancer patients. And I've always wanted to do more for the family. It just so happens that I can this time." John smiled before walking over to Atlas' chest of drawers. "Atlas cleared out both the big and small top drawers."
"Fraggerty. History. James Fraggerty." The ginger man with a beard said. "Atlas is one of the best students I have."
"I went back into hospital two weeks after getting out," Atlas answered plainly. "But yeah, I feel better now."
"Your father was a bastard really, wasn't he?" Jo smiled as she held onto John's hand and squeezed it.
They kept going along the road as they neared Baker Street and Sherlock pulled in before they both hopped out. Swiftly, they moved towards where Josephine was sitting on the doorstep and Harry. Jo was looking grey and even Harry was and John realised that Jo was far too old to be sitting on a step. And then John felt ashamed that he didn't know her exact age but he would just ask her or better still, so as to not offend her, he would ask Sherlock to deduce it.
"If dad is dead and he doesn't come home. I'm going to start calling you dad instead of papa." Atlas said, clearly thinking aloud.
"Oh I don't know. Maybe because your not my dad!" She shouted back, her eyes going wide in realisation of what she had said. Her legs carried her backwards before she pulled on her jacket and darted down the stairs. Her phone left behind on her bedside table.
"You two are amazing when you work together," Sherlock smiled as he unhooked it. "Would you be alright if I hung it up on the wall on the music landing above the sofa, under the fairy lights?"
"I'll text you, no, I'll ring you as soon as I get there." Sammy smiled, finding himself completely content with his new life. His new self. With his family.
"We'll talk to Leanne...but Sherlock...we probably can't." John said putting an arm around the other man's shoulders. "He needs to be getting a move on." Sherlock stood and rubbed at Sammy's shoulder. Slowly, the young boy turned over and looked at Sherlock.
"Its alright. I can get it when I take Rosie to nursery this afternoon." Sherlock said, his fiance looking at him with eyebrows that said
"Did you?" John said walking over. "You can't...Sherlock! I could've bought myself all of this. I have money."
"Your husband and daughter." Atlas said quietly, looking up at her. Mrs Pertwee looked at her fiercely, before dropping the look. It was impossible to be recognised in this attire and get up.
"Atlas." John said as he forced the girl to sit up, strong arms gripping her upper arms. "Atlas, whatever your seeing is not real. It is not happening right now." Sherlock pulled her into a tight hug as she shook, John rubbing her back comfortingly. Her efforts were worthless as she tried to escape his grasp, until she settled. She could feel the bed shift behind her as John sat down, her mind being momentarily occupied.
"Yeah, papa and dad are good about it. They buy products and stuff and make me hot water bottles," Atlas laughed as Sherlock smiled once and returned to the window.
After breakfast, the cello was collected from the loft between Sherlock, Sammy and Harry before it was brought downstairs. Atlas sat on the sofa as the hard case was brought in and Atlas kneeled, opening it. Inside was one of the prettiest cellos she had ever seen and also one of the most expensive.
"Good. It seems we have an agreement." John Sr said, Jo looking on a little mournfully. For a moment John saw a flicker of regret and hurt - as if she wanted to try.
"You left the ladder in the treehouse!" Rosie exclaimed before Atlas sighed. She liked a challenge when climbing in and a challenge when climbing out and sometimes she forgot that Rosie also used the treehouse.
"Everyone died." Rosie said, Sherlock holding her close. "You died dad. You, you died. And you died." Rosie said looking at Atlas. "And you." She said looking at Redbeard. "And papa." Rosie's face screwed up in thought. "Over and over and over and..." She fell into a mess if sobs and tears, her eyes stinging as she looked at Sherlock seriously.
"I was wondering if you and your dad might like to come to mine for some fly," She smiled. "I've got access to the water and I'm a photographer. I wanted to speak to your dad about a few things."
"Thank you." Atlas said before she peeped through the cage door. Inside a light brown/ginger dog was lying on a mat quite peacefully. Slowly she entered the dog eyeing her up before getting to it's feet, his tail wagging in circles.
"Okay." Atlas smiled. "Thank you." There was a brief, melodic pause. "You can be heading home if you want papa."
Greg sighed as the lift went down the last few floors, and opened into the small reception of the low budget hotel. Exiting they made their way to where Molly had parked her car in the car park, hopping in.
"No speaking in another tongue unless all members of the room can understand, I know," Atlas sighed before proceeding to whisper something in French.
"Careful there, John, your starting sound like me," Sherlock smiled before he kissed his husband lightly and affectionately.
A while later and John reached his hand out again, this time Atlas gripping it inside her fingers and squeezing harder and harder and harder. Her eyes were focused on his.
"I can hear." Leanne smiled before she made her way up and into the living room. She was faced with a little girl of no more than five, prancing about the room. A dog lying by Atlas' feet, her son playing the guitar and a gone grey haired man sitting on the sofa.
"If you don't mind picking me up. I'll grab some food and pack it and hop on the train." Sammy said with a smile.
And Atlas bolted out the backdoor and threw up onto the grass. People watched, people were looking at her as she dry heaved before pulling back to the side of the house. Who was she? She was supposed to be able to handle things like this. She thought she could do it. She thought she could be
need you to be alive." John paused. "Rosie missed you but really, what I should say, is that Atlas needs you to come home."
JOHN sighed as he helped his mum and his sister move their belongings into a small house that they had secured immediately. It was given to them as part of a charity of "Abuse Survivors", despite both John and Sherlock saying they wouldn't mind buying them a small cottage somewhere so long that they can give them some money back. Yet, John was thankful they had found an immediate solution.
"HELLO," Mycroft said as be sidled into the single room quietly with Eurus by his side. He saw Sammy, asleep on the sofa in the room, with Rosie by his side. A blanket draped over the pair. Whilst in upright chairs, Sherlock and John were sat side by side, John's temple resting against Sherlock's shoulder to look at a book that was open. It was on bees and beekeeping and they looked like they were quite interested.
"Thank you." Rosie grinned as she looked at her plate before Atlas gave the other bowl to Mrs Hudson. Mrs Hudson thanked her before she went to retrieve the other bowls.
"And then...this morning whilst we went to the grave and I had a flashback but...this time it was longer," Atlas said quietly. "And Dad had to get a hold of me." She looked down at his jumper with sad eyes.
"Well, have a good life." The woman smiled before John watched as she walked out the park. He turned on his heels and made his way back to where his family (plus Sammy) were sitting, eating strawberries on a large picnic blanket.
"If." John added looking at Sherlock before they both gave a little chuckle. It died down a little and dropped to another bout of comfortable silence.
"Well, thank you." Atlas said, just as John came in the room and sat down on a chair by the side of the bed.
There was a quiet tap at the door and they could see Sammy, holding Rosie up his front as she slept. Jeff held clumsily in his free hand as he came into the room.
"We'll go home together." Sammy said before they made their way down to the car and hopped in. It was a short way from the memorial site but Atlas was glad of being in the comforf of something she knew.
"Just come to the roof with me." He said before taking her hand and leading her up some stone paths and wooden planks. She noticed how he knew which ones were the safe ones to tread upon as they made their way up through the building. It smelt old, dusty and worn as they made their way up. He led her through some doors and up onto the roof.
"An experiment. My dad and papa had been on a case the night before and came home and drank whisky and left the bottle out. I wanted to see if tasted the same as it smelt. And I put ice in it and the poison, well it was in the ice. Dad and papa normally take ice so that's what I did and well..."
"Mummy." Georgia asked and now John looked down. Long blonde curls and brown eyes and she remarkably resembled her mother. As did Sammy. "How do you know Doctor Watson?"
"That one's a boy aswell Ro." Sherlock would say before Rosie would sit back down - as by that point she was normally standing on the bench, Sherlock's hand gently placed on her back - and look on contemplatively. Within moments she would have another name and call it Master Web or Ducky McDuckster the gangster or Rachmaninoff The Duck or Rupert or Peter or James or George or any other name that might take her fancy in that moment. And the women at the other benches would watch and smile and leave the becoming celebrity detective alone with his child.
XERXES appeared at the doorstep that afternoon with May. Beckoned in, he entered before Sherlock pointed up the stairs and they went, finding Atlas' room where Sammy and her were sitting on the bed. He knocked before entering with a smile, Atlas' eyes lighting up before she slung her arms around Xerxes' shoulders.
"Yeah, cause Mrs Hudson and John would've likely murdered me." Sherlock smirked Atlas giving him a proper hug.
"Congratulations, Dr and Mr Watson-Holmes, you have a son!" Sherlock said in the high register of his voice with a loud giggle that echoed around the room. And then John's face straightened.
you because god only knows what your future has in store for you. And..." John swallowed thickly, tears in his eyes. "I'm very scared, you won't get to have one."
"No." Sammy said, instantly concerned. He was always concerned for other people more than himself. "What's happened?"
"Don't you dare." Sherlock laughed. "One of the ways we speak to the outside world lays on how that instrument plays. I want to re-string it with the special strings I bought and my daughter is not paying for it."
"I've got you," John said. "Damn it, it's been too long. We need to call an ambulance. Just to check everything's okay and they'll have stronger stuff to help stop the seizure."
"I have something to show you and then we'll go over to the new house and finish it off a little more." Sherlock said before she followed him out the front door - Sherlock dropping John a text incase he woke up worried. Atlas followed Sherlock along some pavement and along several streets until they approached a grave yard. Atlas followed him inside, their path lit by yellow lamp posts as they approached a grave reading Sherlock Holmes. Atlas shuddered. She could remember the day the newspaper read it.
Sherlock had woken with a start, hearing some talking coming from Rosie's room. Curiosity getting the better of him he made his way there, his footsteps only increasing in speed when he realised she was crying and screaming in her sleep. He opened her door to find her sleeping, but gripping at her bed sheets. The normally quiet child was screaming out for help, before she began to sob, choking on her tears. Atlas soon came in after hearing Sherlock moving.
"Yes and thank you Mycroft!" John shouted back as the older of the brothers departed the house with a sigh and one last look inside.
"Is this...?" The woman asked uncerntaintly and Atlas saw that she had grey hairs starting to emerge. "Atlas Watson-Holmes."
"Georgia's room, I have something I want to collect," Sammy said as Sherlock followed him into the room which was purple walls and butterflies. "She wasn't like Rosie, but she has a few things that I think Rosie will like."
"John, I love you," Sherlock said, whispering as if it were some forbidden secret that he dare not say.
"I think John's nipped home to collect some things for you, Rosie and Sammy because they're going to put them up in one of the many family rooms. We've tried to tell them to go home but they won't." Timothy smiled and Atlas smiled back.
John gave a small laugh to that. "But this is Atlas. I don't know...if Sherlock's dead...I don't know if I can handle her."
"What mess have they got themselves into this time?" Timothy sighed punching the bridge of his nose. They knew better than to intervene.
JOHN read his book, propped up against the headboard whilst Sherlock was brushing his teeth in the en suite. A normal state of affairs on an evening, unusual on a late one, but an evening none the less. A bog-eyed Sherlock retreated from the bathroom and climbed under the covers next to John. Surprisingly, instead of just grunting and going to sleep he scooted over to John and rested his head lightly against his shoulder.
"You don't have to be sorry. You did what you had to Sherlock." Atlas said. "And I like to think I didn't turn out too bad for it."
hence the reason they bought supplies near on weekly. Then again, he supposed it was about time that he went for it so he nodded. Atlas giving a small smile.
"Get away from me!" She screeched, tears streaming down her face as she looked around the darkened room. The lightbulb flickered and she could smell mould...the type that grows in underground windows. She winced as she stepped on the pain of a broken ankle that never did heal properly. "You...it's...stop, don't hurt them! Your killing them! Your killing them you bastards! Fuck off! Leave me alone!" She was manic now, distraught by whatever was going on and John could only watch as doctors tried to wrestle her into bed. "You fucking bastards!"
"I'm about to start putting the butterfly strips on so this might sting a bit more," Damien smiled as Atlas nodded but her eyes began to droop.
"Then it's not your problem but theirs," John smiled. "You do what makes you happy and if any of them,
"Holmes." The man said as he reappeared. "Can I see your drivers driver's license please?" Sherlock took his wallet out and pulled out his driver's license, paper knocking to the floor. Atlas stopped and collected it. Looking at the photo that was printed.
"Planning." Atlas said. "However, I was thinking I might put it onto OneNote to make it easier to read." She smiled at him before shoving the notebook back over to Timothy. Sherlock looked over fondly as Rosie watched his father draw a symbol and push the book back over to Atlas who nodded. He then stood next to his mother and smiled at her.
is." John said with a smile as Atlas nodded with a smile. "It's a squeeze to fit it in the Yeti." John smirked at that, thinking about when they had traded out the Skoda Fabia. The fabia had just become too small for five and a dog and so the change was in order, even if John still bared a grudge over missing his nippy little Fabia.
"Sherlock? Have I lost you there?" John asked rubbing his shoulder and looking down at him, pushing up his glasses with his fingers.
"No." Atlas replied sharply, unable to trust Mrs Pertwee. "Even if I was, I have no reason to trust you."
"Come up here." Sherlock said going up the stairs at the side of the room, John following. The soldier softened as he looked over the banister to the kitchen area.
"Just leave me alone." Atlas whispered, turning her head away, resting it on a clenched fist. "Please." John and Sherlock exchanged a look.
"I know. But when I woke up I remembered the bus driver I had at one of my Foster homes and then I remembered reading about him in the news last year and learning he was a rapist and my head did what it does best and it got carried away and I..."
"It's lovely to meet you, by phone," Isla said, appearing in view, peering over the top of her glasses.
"At?" Rosie asked, standing by Atlas' knee. They'd been playing a game of guessing, just casual. Harry was giving clues and Rosie was trying to guess the answers, everyone else just watching on.
"Shit," John said his face falling as he scrambled to his feet. "Eurus?" He turned it onto speaker as Eurus spoke into the phone.
"Then I must be one of the weakest people alive. But at least I will be happy and not living in some big house that is sagging in depression. At least I will have people to fill my house and not leave it cold." Sherlock said through gritted teeth, he was trying desperately not to wake Rosie.
"That woman. I didn't mean to be rude. I didn't mean to upset her." He whispered, John nuzzling his neck.
"We had a tuner in aswell." Sherlock smiled. "I didn't tell At. Want to see how long it will take before she realises."
"Oh Sherlock. This is why I'm going to marry you." John said round a mouthful of pasta before he reached out a hand and clasped it in Sherlock's.
"Christ Sherlock, you took it too far," John scolded as Sherlock looked at him. "You took it too bloody far as always." Sherlock turned and left then, just as Dr Aduba appeared with Dr Young.
"Nearly Rosebud," Atlas grinned before Rosie put Jeff in Atlas' lap and kept looking up at her. "A dip-lo-docus."
"You have approximately 1000 different types of bacteria on your skin." Aba said, John smiling. His daughter chose her friends well. Aba then lobbed it at a dark haired boy called Peter who smiled. The ball continued to make it's way round the room.
THEY had to wait in the waiting room a while but soon, they were being led to a private, family room. Where, they settled onto a sofa and Rosie coloured some pages of a colouring book in. Sammy sat down on the sofa, Sherlock sitting next to him. He reached out an arm along the back of the sofa as John sat on the floor by Rosie.
"Yeah, please," Atlas smiled before she looked around the room. It didn't fit. The house didn't fit anything Kirsty had said about herself so far...it didn't
Sherlock looked bemused, aware that he wasn't normally subject to this question he frowned in thought. "I just shot the woman I fell in love with." He paused momentarily. "But I only loved her for a while."
"You don't," Sherlock said. "It's when their little and they have seizures. Now it's like, okay, she's old enough, as if that somehow justifies all of it...but when she was little..." Sherlock took a deep breath. "Sorry."
"So, how have you been?" May smiled as she tucked her hair behind her ear and pulled two daisy's out the box, fastening them together.
It took a while to get up to the top of the hill and when he got there, he smiled. The view over the city was amazing and for a moment he felt like he was up the Salisbury Crags north of the border. Walking along the top they neared a bench and took a seat taking off the rucksack and pulling out some water, of which they had already consumed some of.
"I just don't like them." Rosie said quietly. "They don't like you and Atlas and so therefore I don't." She pouted.
"Oh man. I got blood on my shirt. Why do I have to bite my gum or tongue every time? It's so annoying." Atlas smirked, allowing for a little bit of laughter to arise from Sherlock's chest. She started to sit up, only to feel herself being guided back down again by warm hands.
"So, it was in some...whisky. It was an experiment, to see if it tastes the same as it smells." Atlas said looking up at the ceiling. "In conclusion, both revolting." She gave a little chuckle before her smile dropped. "It as in the ice cubes. Typical. Riddle behaviour. A copycat who obviously isn't very intelligent. Seen riddles with that in for years." She paused thoughtfully. "I really am sorry dad, papa." She looked at them in turn. "I didn't want to touch it, to-to drink it but there was this person inside me, telling me I had no other choice... Like this urge." She stopped then looked to the ceiling. "And then I remember feeling just before I went down that feeling at the base of my skull. And I can remember waking up, all alone and I'm afraid to say..."
"I just..." Atlas whispered. "Something happened...keeps...uh...happening. They were short to begin with. Just little flashes," Atlas said quietly.
"Good," Jo answered, her hair scooped back. "We've been packing and getting ready. How are you, Atlas? You look a little better."
"Someone's at the door," Atlas said suddenly as she scrambled to her feet and started to leave the living room.
"I didn't know Sammy's dad had died." Sherlock remarked as they were half way across the grass. His hands clasped behind his back, John's loosely hanging at his side.
THAT evening after Mycroft and Mrs Hudson had arrived and Atlas and Rosie had gone to bed everyone settled into the living room.
"Drums and a bit of bass but I believe she tends to be the main lyricist. I don't think May and Xerxes are in music for the long run but I think you two have some very talented musicians on your hands." Lucy smiled as Sherlock nodded, looked at John and linked with his hand. "Anyway," She produced her phone, found the video and hit play. There they could see May, standing with her mint green bass guitar, Sammy with an electro-acoustic guitar and Atlas sat by the piano. And over, near the side of the room they could see Xerxes, his hands placed on the amp as they began to play. The video stopped shortly after as May realised she'd played the wrong chord sequence and it ended in a fit of uncontrollable laughter.
He scooped her up bridal style and looked at the ceiling. "What now?" Before long another door opened and he lifted her through into another cement room, cement beds fashioned to the wall. However, John opted for the floor before hugging her close to him until she would awake.
THEY remained quiet the rest of their time in Edinburgh. They took Rosie to the Harry Potter shop and showed her the castle and the tearoom where JK Rowling wrote the famed seven parter.
"That hurt?" John asked quietly and Atlas nodded slowly. She reached out a hand to John, who stood, sat on the bed and took her hand.
"I love you too." Sherlock replied, kissing her temple. "Now, we need to go to Homebase to get some paint." He started to walk away. "Come on!"
"I missed you guys," Atlas signed before there was another knock at the door and all their heads turned. It was John.
"To leave my dad's. To leave my sister. To leave my best friend who might as well be my bloody brother." Atlas said, swallowing. "I don't think I'm ready to die."
"Well, you're always lost without your blogger." John smiled as he kissed Sherlock lightly on the cheek then travelled to his lips.
Fortunately for Atlas she knew that she could persuade Sherlock to go to a space museum by insisting that he didn't know everything. She had heard John and Mycroft joke many times about the earth going around the sun theory and she knew that this was just what they needed. And as for herself? She quite fancied being an astronomer.
And John watched. Watched how she smiled and smiled and beamed with an unfamiliar excitement. A happiness he hadn't seen before. And he felt guilty and what was it...
Conversations were never that long with Mycroft, particularly not between Mycroft and John. They got on, but it always felt awkward or alien to them when they spoke. But John was grateful for this offer. It meant that himself and Sherlock - if he could pull him out his sulk - could set it up upstairs ready for Atlas' return and as an early birthday present.
Back over by Timothy, Atlas' cloudy mind slowly began to enter a peaceful sleep, not plagued by nightmares.
"You should say." Eurus supplied helpfully. "Tell the doctors that you think they have the wrong diagnosis."
"I've been fine. You know what it's like. Here. There. Everywhere." Sherlock replied trying his best to sound as normal of a human being as normal.
"Your alright," Mycroft said to her, hands either side of her face. "You'll be alright. Your alright."
"I know," Atlas said back with a pretty smile and light in her eyes. "Just like you looked after dad."
"And its not. It's no-one's," Atlas said before he looked up at her. "If it's anything, I wouldn't be alive if it weren't for you."
SHERLOCK and John didn't speak until that evening when they were in their room. The younger man was sat sorting the bookcase into alphabetical order after pulling them all out - even though they already
"It's nice to see you again." Atlas said trying to strike up some form of conversation, however it didn't seem to latch on. "I was hoping you could tell me where my mother is. I just want to know where. Then maybe I can see you every once in a while." Atlas began again. "Maybe...Maybe I could see her."
The blow hit her nose with a powerful crunch, blood seeping from her nostrils. He was about to go in for another one when a frustrated Donovan pinned him and sat on his back. Atlas stood, her nose throbbing, watching the boy. She was watching him for more information. Ginger.
"Engaged." Sherlock smiled as he looked back to where John was helping his mother to her feet and checking her eyes.
AT approximately 2:30pm Mycroft and Eurus arrived in through the door to the private room and sat down. Atlas was still lying against John, snoozing.
"Mad?" John asked blinking at her. "Me and your dad." John said sharing a look with Sherlock who put a hand on her back. "We won't ever be mad at you. The worst we will ever be is disappointed." Atlas looked at him. "And I'm glad you took Rosie out, you know what she was like at Christmas."
Beneath Atlas, Sherlock moved, the bedside table drawer scraping it's way open. From there he pulled out a thin cardboard box, opened it with immaculate care, took the contents out and she heard the scraping of the drawer again.
Then Atlas and Sherlock resumed where they had previously been seated. Wanda smiled at the girl who was seemingly making her son happier. Redbeard lay in the corner of the room next to Timothy's feet. He'd migrated to the bookshelf during the song.
"I know you will and Rosie, well, she'll just enjoy it, won't she?" John laughed. "She'll be attached to Sherlock watching the thunder and lightning."
"Yes, Atlas will be sleeping in here." Sherlock said before kissing her cheek and standing up from her.
"We're shopping." Sherlock smiled before he walked past the man with Atlas, heading for an early arrival at the checkout.
"Haircut?" Atlas moaned from the bed sitting up with her hair all over the place, face frowning before she smiled. "Dad hasn't had a haircut in agessss."
"What?" Atlas asked, her nose crinkling as she looked at him, her tie not on right and her blazer only over one shoulder. Her eyebrows furrowed when she saw John still in his pyjamas. "What are you talking about papa?"
"And I missed you too," she paused. "Now, I think your dads were going to facetime us this morning."
"Thank you, Mrs Hudson." Sherlock said politely causing herself and John to share a look with each other.
"So, we have inserted an intubation tube and dosed her up on some anti-anxiety and anti-epilleptic medication. We are monitoring her closely and have set her up with an IV to get some fluids into her. She didn't have her medication in her system but we did find some alcohol in her system. Is there any chance that she could have alcohol poisoning?" A doctor said, coming to stand by the nurse. She was trying to look approachable but Sherlock could see that she was nearly at the end of her shift.
She nodded cautiously before he pulled her into a hug with a chuckle. "Come here, lovebug." He kissed her temple. "No matter what happens, I will never treat you in the ways that they did." He held her face between her hands. "I promise you."
"Afraid." Sherlock said analysing her face. Shamefully Atlas nodded before looking at John, somewhat pleasingly.
"I love you too, Dad," Atlas whispered before looking at him gently as he pulled her forehead to his lips and kissed it. "Papa."
"Tell him." John said as she pulled out of the hug and dried her eyes. She looked back at John for reassurance and he nodded at her.
Sherlock had tried to put his arms around John but he'd pulled out of his grasp and so, they went to sleep with their backs to one another. It was cold without John's fluffy socks against his or his body. And it hurt, to think he'd upset his husband, one of the most important people in his life. And he didn't mean to. He really, didn't mean to.
"Couldn't afford metal?" Atlas asked, her back stiffening as the room became occupied. Her eyes were still cloudy like they were earlier. The two men - she assumed from earlier - came through the doors before parting to allow a figure much like Mr and Mrs Peterson through.
"Strange as it sounds. I like the initial meeting when all the Dwarves turn up and eat the food." Atlas laughed and Timothy joined in.
"I know she didn't," John said. "I had triggers too. Not anymore. Not really anyway. Somethings will spark deep anxiety but most of the time I'm all good. It appears irrational to us...or rather...to the outside world but to Atlas, she just needs to stop the noise."
"I'm disappointed she didn't come sooner." The woman replied as she continued to do whatever she was doing infront of her on the bed. Atlas' mouth ran dry as she began to regret even deciding to come, after all this time.
"Yeah. I feel fine." Atlas replied feeling slightly drowsy as she looked up at John. "You don't like children. So why do you like me?"
"You caught the lights!?" Wanda exclaimed with a grin as Rosie nodded with a smile. "Where they good?"
"Oh papa," Atlas smiled. "Have you ever had to say something to me after an absence seizure before?" John's mouth opened to speak before closing. "No...because just having you there is enough for me. Its all I need. And besides, your there for all the other bits, Eddie was great but he was never you. Not you. Could never be you."
"I don't know why this is so much harder than any other....deaths....but it is and I can't stop feeling sick when I think about it and so-" Atlas sobbed.
"Your hands tell me so." Sherlock added before pacing to the mantelpiece and back. Then he stood with his hands on his chin in thought. "I think your ready."
TOGETHER, they walked back, each person carrying a lot - other than Rosie who was carrying the baubles she had been drawn to. They headed down some streets and alleyways, before a man, who obviously recognised Sherlock careered across the road towards them.
"My shoulder dislocated." Atlas said when Sherlock looked at her shoulder. He just nodded in response before she looked over to Mycroft and Eurus. "Is everyone else alright?" She asked as everyone else nodded before Rosie gave out a little cry. Sherlock soothed her before looking back up to John.
"I'm gay but I've never had sex with a guy." He admitted quietly, looking back at John softly. John looked at him kindly, understanding."I've obviously been with a woman. But I've never actually been with a guy."
"Yep, you'll all be staying with them. But you'll be staying with them here. We didn't think it would be fair to ask you to stay with them at their house, Atlas." Sherlock said with a smile, Atlas giving a little frown and nodding.
She couldn't help but deduce so many things about the woman. How she had property somewhere expensive, most likely central london and that she had a lot of money sitting in the pot. Drug dealer husband, although now widowed...
"Right here, love. That's it. It's ok. Let it out." John said and Atlas could hear the smile in his voice.
"Alright." She said quietly, holding out her phone and preparing the sheets of paper inside her messy notebook. "It's about - well I'll let you decide."
Atlas looked at him and tilted her head, trying to stifle a laugh. "If I also use Rosie's will you plait it for me?" She flickered her eyelashes as he sighed, gave an eye roll and begrudgingly nodded.
"No. No, nothing like that. He just is. Social issues, that's all." John said, his mind pursuing another very probable idea.
"Alright," Ruth smiled. "Let's finish the tour and then it'll be time for me to go pick him up from his dad's."
"Alright, Atlas, I'm going to wipe at the cut to clean it, okay?" Damien said with a smile as Atlas nodded weakly.
"Atlas, it's alright," John soothed. "Your dad's got them. You haven't lost them. We just took them out your hands when the flashback started, we didn't want them getting damaged."
Sherlock put his phone down on the arm of the sofa lifting his arm up as Atlas slotted into the space perfectly. "It's alright." Sherlock kept saying as he stroked his thumb over her shoulder. Atlas began to sob slightly as she curled more into Sherlock who seemed to take it. He kissed her head and nuzzled his nose into her hair whilst he held her close.
It was now, that Atlas noted that his translator was not there in the room with them. Sammy and her exchanging a knowing look. She'd considered learning some from Sammy but Sammy hadn't given it any further thought. However, she knew that watching Sammy and going home and watching videos would get her there. And without sounding snobby, it wouldn't take her long. Odd that his translator is running late though, considering this talk was going to be rather important. She looked around the room a little before deducing that the lady was simply running a little late. Sighing, Sammy signed to him the question John had asked a few minutes before.
"Mycroft just left." John smiled. Atlas nodded, trying desperately to keep her face as neutral and unreadable as possible. Then she placed her bag on the floor before taking a seat.
"Sherlock, love," John said quietly Sherlock not looking at him. Getting onto his knees next to Sherlock he handed him the next one that was in the series and Sherlock took it wordlessly. And then, the next and the next until they had finished putting them in the right order.
"I know you didn't," Mycroft smiled, and he rubbed her hands some more as she gave a little sob. "Hey, hey, Ida, John'll always love you."
Atlas looked up to see John trying to get a reaction out of Sherlock and in her corner vision Mycroft was calling for an ambulance and the police.
"She's outside most of the time," Sherlock remarked with a smile. "She comes in on evenings and such like, for food. Lovely temperament though."
"Because your not like me! Your a married into Holmes! Your not a born one! I know that doesn't matter, hell your my dad and I love you, but that means I have
"WHAT a shambles." Atlas groaned as she made her way into the kitchen and plonked her belongings down on the workbench. John sighed, itched a patch below his eye and looked at her. She hopped onto the counter and looked back at him. "I wish we knew where dad is."
"Yeah," John coaxed. "That's it. Good. Good girl. I'm here with you." He paused as he then put a pillow behind her head as she lay down. The dog continued to sniff and then the seizure started. "Oh, love, it's okay. It's okay. I've got you. I'm here."
"Its not finished," Sherlock said, furrowing his brow as Atlas just stared at him. "But I suppose we can improvise, it's what we do best."
"Not long if her musical ear is anything to go by." John smiled, looking up at Sherlock. "The ear she got from you."
"Okay." She smiled before she read the details of the house. She thought about them all in detail and by the time precisely two minutes and thirty seconds had passed they had both dismissed a total of seven houses. Now there were only two left.
"It's just hard to come back from another part of the world just to have your daughter scream at you to leave you alone," John said looking out the window.
"She's been ok. We left her with Mycroft and Eurus for today." John smiled. "Still the same as yesterday."
"Shouldn't you two be inside?" John scolded as he walked over with two cups of takeaway coffee in his hands.
"Alright then," Damien said as Atlas continued to watch her dad whose eyes were transfixed on the patch of blood that had accumulated on the floor.
"I'll do it," Sammy said as Rosie beamed at him. Rosie jumped off John's lap as Sammy wriggled away from Atlas who, thankfully was doped up on morphine, remained asleep. Sammy sat down in a chair and began one of the plaits. "Hair bobbles?" Sammy said, offering an outstretched hand which Rosie deposited them into.
"So am I!" Sherlock said mimicking Rosie with a smile and everyone looked at him. Ruth looked mad, like he'd made fun of her. "What? I actually am autistic."
"Do you just want to wait a moment?" He asked gently as she nodded. "Alright then." She looked away from him quietly, then back at him. "Alright, lovebug?"
"My darling," John said quietly as Sherlock rubbed away a tear from below his eye. "Just take a moment."
"I just want to go home, go back to normal. Go on - on adventures." Atlas said with a frown, throwing out a breath. "Go out with friends, see Redbeard." Her parents just listened. "I just want to go home."
predict he may go missing, however, we didn't anticipate for this to occur in the region he was or potentially
"Right miss, go find Atlas and make sure she isn't doing any work and if she is doing work, even if she isn't, you and Atlas can take the dog for a walk past the music shop." Sherlock said as he flashed a tenner before the five year olds eyes. It was swiftly becoming Atlas and Rosie's favourite past times as they enjoyed browsing sheet music, and then, together they would select one for Atlas or Sherlock or both to play whilst Rosie would dance around with John. Sherlock lifted Rosie off the stool as she dashed off to find her sister.
When they got home Atlas just smiled before she saw her dog and eventually, dropped to her knees infront of Redbeard and wrapped her arms around him.
At the door Mycroft and Eurus watched. They both smiled as Sherlock sat with the two girls, both of them smiling at each other.
"Hello, come in," John grinned as he let her through and she came in with a bag for May. She took a seat next to Lucy with a smile and offered a hand to Sherlock.
"I love you too," John said into her hair. "You smell nice, love. Like fresh air. Did you enjoy your walk?"
"This is normally my spot." A blonde haired boy said, as he came into the shelter and sat down. It was now that Atlas realised that the timetables were all from 2005 and she realised it was unused. Atlas shot him a look as the other boy sat. There was silence for a while.
"Like last night." Atlas said under her breath and upon realisation that she'd said instantly wished she hadn't. She didnt need her dad knowing that she heard every time John screamed in a nightmare, had one he cried through. She didn't want them worrying about her, when John was fighting a huge battle.
"Alright, sweetheart," John whispered. "That's it." John paused before looking at her with a little smile. "Oh, love," John said as he watched Atlas' eyes glaze over and her body goes rigid. "Don't move, Sherlock."
Sherlock and John had swapped sides so that John was closer to the TV. Mrs Hudson, Sherlock, Atlas and even
"What are you tw-" Atlas began but the two men separated to reveal the surprise before her. She stood her eyes wide in confusion and shock before she took a few steps forward her fingers desperately seeking the feel of the dark wood.
The first person to be thrown the ball, was a tall blonde boy who had divorced parents. "12% of people dream in black and white."
PULLING into the carpark, Atlas and Sherlock were both glad to see that it was quiet with only two other vehicles. He pulled into a spot and, hopping out, collected his boots. Atlas already had hers on, so pulling on a fleece, she collected her rucksack and let the dog out the boot who immediately went to Sherlock.
"HEY Sam." Atlas said as she opened the front door. Sammy had a duffel bag in one hand and another on the ofher hand. On his back was a large rucksack and he skulked in. His hair was messy and he looked
"Right, are we ready?" Sammy asked, looking to Atlas over the top of his car. Atlas nodded before hopping in beside Sammy and Sammy pulled off the drive.
"Sherlock." Atlas said as she stood with her hands behind her back. It was now she could gage how cold it was by his breath forming infront of him. It was a pretty spot by the river, and she wondered if he came here everytime. Sherlock looked up briefly before resuming his position.
"My secret," Sherlock whispered with a smile before kissing John's lips twice before lying down on his husband's stomach. "Promise no walking away?"
"YOU don't have to go." John said as he stood opposite Sherlock in the airport. Rosie held up to his side and Atlas tucked under his other arm.
"Atlas?" Sherlock asked as he approached carefully. "Are you-" Only stopping himself as her form began to fall off the table. "Woah." He caught her, lying her down on the floor just in time as she began to convulse violently, eyes rolling into the back of her head. "Okay, okay." Sherlock knew what to do as he arranged her into the recovery position and loosened off her shirt buttons that were done all the way up.
"I love you too," Atlas sobbed before she lurched forward and looped her arms around his neck. Just as he was about to move, Atlas clutched harder.
"Alright, alright, deep breaths, deep breaths, sweetheart," John said, rubbing her cheek with his free hand.
"Did you enjoy that Rosebud?" Atlas asked Rosie with a smile. She nodded before slipping off her seat and climbing up onto John's knee.
"Very. That and, it's about time Georgia, my mum and dad all get put where they need to go," Sammy smiled.
"Because," Amy started. "Because I saw just how ill you were and I saw how much comfort John or rather your papa brought you. And I thought, I'm going to do everything I can."
"No, I know," Sammy said with a small smile. "You love her and I do too and I know what this feels like." He paused. "I know what you feel like."
"Don't discredit how you feel because of me and if you think I watched it while unconcious on the floor, I'd be very surprised," Sherlock smiled, kissing her hands one after the other. "And I'm older. Your still young. Atlas, you might be sixteen, but your still a baby. Your still a kid."
WHEN Atlas woke, she wasn't resting against Sammy anymore but instead found herself resting against Sherlock. Still in the same position she had gone to sleep in, Sherlock and Sammy must have changed over.
"All the kings horses and all the kings men, couldn't put Dumpty together again." Rosie returned, Atlas giving a sad smile. Rosie's face dropped. "They couldn't fix her like my mother."
People often hated her and looked at her. They would scowl and frown at her. Call her things. She would just be there sat alone reading her book in her quirky clothing. She was ignored. Then she sat up and looked around.
"It's Peter," Atlas frowned before herself and Sherlock pulled off his shirt and threw off his clothing. "Papa, your clothes or dad's? Whose will fit better?"
"No." Atlas said. "But...and I haven't told my dad's because they will blame themselves...but they found the poison in some...well...some..."
Atlas had woken up and sat down on the bed next to a wide eyed Rosie, pulling her into her own lap. John was kneeling on the floor next to Sammy, stroking his knee gently with a kind smile.
He looked at her eyes like he would if she were a patient on the front before holding her unharmed shoulder. He chased away his thoughts about what she had called him before replying. "You were sedated." His throat swelled but he tried to not let it show - although it was a Holmes he was trying to keep it from. Atlas gave a curt nod before John placed a hand on her other shoulder. She hissed in pain and reeled back before he looked at her suddenly concerned.
"Are you feeling alright today?" John asked putting a hand on her shoulder. Atlas nodded before looking at him softly.
"I love you too," John said gently, kissing Sammy's temple. "Right, they're going to wonder what's going on. We should probably go..." He paused. "Atlas, you OK?"
"She wet herself, didn't she? Completely normal when people have seizures, especially women and young people." John said Sherlock rolling his eyes and nodding.
"I love you. And I'm afraid that while I'm here, Georgia is going to die. And while I'm there, your going to die. And it's wrong, but I'm more scared of you dying." Sammy said, closing his eyes and letting a tear track down his face.
"Me and your dad were thinking of cooking smoked basa kedgeree as Isla had a fish delivery," John said smiling.
"I've got the heart meds, seizure and pain and then the tremors. That's the main three and then the other emergency stuff. Ive-"
scarf was sitting on the chair next to her bed. And he suddenly remembered her being so pissed that she'd left it behind. Collecting it from the chair it was as if he was sinking and he pulled it to his chest. Sitting down on the chair he tucked his chin to his chest and held the scarf up. His eyes welled up, his eyes went blurry and he wrapped his arms around himself and let out a little sob. And then another and another before he got to his feet picked up the book off the bedside table and threw it against the wall.
"Because your my niece and I'll care an awful lot and continue to care through your hard times. I'm giving you a hug because sources provide evidence that it can soothe people when they are feeling sad or down." Mycroft said looking away before he looked down at her. "Is that right?"
"At, I'm your sister." Rosie said quietly coming up towards Atlas. Blue eyes wide with concern. Rosie put her arms around Atlas but that only prompted the older girl to shake her off.
"Can I have a hug?" Atlas asked, looking up at John with those blue eyes. Spinning around to face her, John gave a weak smile.
"I'm glad you rang me." John said, smiling weakly as he looked down at where Rosie had spilled some yolk. Jo's eyes caught John's in confused disbelief. "No, really, I'm glad you rang us mum." John said, his smile growing stronger as she grabbed her hand. "Your my mum and Harry is my sister. Your my family." John looked up at Sherlock who gave a little nod. "Your
"That's not the only reason to came." Atlas said, before it made sense. "You have another case don't you?"
"PS I remember John telling me one time about his sister and how he wished she could join you all for meals. So I drew her feet in the picture, her body off to the side." Sherlock said aloud. "I hope one day she'll join us."
"It's amazing." Atlas smiled, running a finger over the soft wood. It would need a bit of a clean, but that shouldn't take too long. "It's truly beautiful."
This time, it was Mycroft. Good old, Uncle Mycroft. And she thought about his headaches that he had been cleverly hiding since the lodge - he'd had them then aswell. She hoped it wasn't serious. Mycroft was, to be frank, one of her favourite people. And it was an even bigger added bonus that Eurus was there too. A wonderful person contained in a tortured and troubled soul. But deep down, she was one of the most beautiful people Atlas had ever met.
"It's basic, but it's food," John remarked before he took Rosie's hand and they went into the Costa for toasties and coffee.
"I needed to erase your memory of me before it was too late. A tranquilizer would make you feel as though you had been sleeping and had dreamt my appearance. As you and John often don't talk about matters such as that I knew you wouldn't exactly relate to each other about having a similar "dream."" Atlas explained in a flurry of mad-man excitement.
"Thank you," Atlas smiled before she leaned against him and sighed. Before she shut her eyes and went quiet again.
"No, it's alright," John smiled. "I've only ever once seen a toddler have a seizure before. And I threw up into a bin. I was in med school."
Depicted were themselves chatting over a picnic table to Mycroft and Sherlock's parents. Rosie was sat on Timothy's lap and you could just make out the green of Jeff against Rosie's chest. Atlas was sat on the floor next to the dog and she appeared to be chatting to Eurus.
Atlas was asleep when they entered with a breathing mask on, her head tilted slightly to one side. She looked tired even when she was asleep. The two men settled themselves in chairs by her bedside, John leaning against Sherlock over the arm rest.
"Shall we go eat breakfast and then you can open your presents?" Sherlock asked her, before she nodded clinging onto his hand as they went downstairs. The smiley girl headed into the kitchen where Wanda was making pancakes for breakfast at the hob.
He came downstairs a while later and sitting down on the sofa they hit play on the video, Atlas leaning against Mrs Hudson on the two seater sofa.
They turned and left the views of the cliffs behind, but not after Atlas collected some much needed photos of the spectacular views. The walk back was slow as Rosie saw more and more bugs and beetles of interest, trying to name each one and giving them made up ones if she couldn't remember.
"I arrived home and she'd almost just had it I think." Sherlock said flustered, as he led them over to Atlas. "And the jug broke."
"Hear that, that's someone who loves you to the moon and back speaking," Sherlock said. "And I love you just as much. We both do and we've got you now."
Sherlock smiled before picking up John's tea, sipping it with a nose scrunch, peering at it with his blue eyes intently and trying it again. He looked at John with a frown before putting back the older man's tea and collecting his own.
"A new tradition?" Mycroft asked when he saw them all sat with each other. Atlas was reading a book whilst Sherlock and John kept an excitable Rosie occupied with various photos.
"That we are," Sherlock smiled as he finsihed tying off the hole and handed it to Rosie before getting to his feet. "Please, follow me." He smiled as he led them up the stairs and onto the music landing.
ATLAS met Sammy in Books and Beans at the arranged time, as they sat and enjoyed their beverages. Pointless chatter surrounded them as they did not hesitate to engage in the same type as well. It was a warm day, Atlas sensibly choosing to wear her new long dungarees dress and blouse. It was now as she sat opposite Sammy that he realised how much she and her father were alike in looks, the violin separating their feet.
Little did Atlas know but John had developed a space in his heart for her too. She didn't expect it and she didn't think he still had the space left after all he'd been through and all the people he had lost. Sherlock on the other hand always had a space for her and he spent years trying to fill it. Although he would never admit it, Mary, John and Rosie filled part of it for a while until Atlas found him. Now he felt complete with his best friend, his best friends daughter and Atlas.
Atlas looked to May before continuing her writing task, scribbling down with her blue ballpoint. Once Mrs Freeman had walked past the group of classmates they started again.
"Okay, I'm just about finished," Dr Khris said before pulling out the needle making Atlas groan in pain. "Good job, Atlas."
"You get used to it." John smirked before he looked over to where Atlas was getting out of the hammock again. Once out she sprinted over to Sherlock and John engulfing them in a hug.
"And you want to give Harry my room." Atlas sighed before she gave a tired smile. Eurus, Mycroft, Wanda and Timothy had already gone home and Atlas was extremely tired. "Yeah. We just need to put new bedding on and hoover through. That and put a bed out in Rosie's room..."
"Morning." Wanda smiled as Sherlock sat yawning with Rosie and began to brush through her hair. Jeff was in her hand still and she smiled at Sherlock who smiled in return.
"We're going to have to take her in," Ruben said before he collected the stretcher. "Who's coming in the ambulance?" He looked between the parents.
"Sir please step away." The security guard said coming up to them and putting his hand on the chest of the reporter. "Please step back."
"Are you excited?" Atlas asked Rosie who eagerly nodded her head before plonking herself down on the floor. She scooted against Atlas' legs in request for her hair to be brushed. "One, two or three?"
"Not sure." John sighed. "They asked if we knew what she was like off her medication and I mentioned the tremors that she had back at Christmas when she wasn't on them, how she still experienced both forms of seizure. Then they got asking about her anxiety and depression. So, I really don't know what they're hitting at. It's a bit of a shot in the dark. They said that depending on what the results of the CT was, that they would have a look into her memory aswell. I said that her short term memory is hopeless. She asks what's for tea and five minutes later, she's asking again. But that her long term memory is amazing. They said that that might help get to the bottom. Although, they were saying that alot of the tests will be cloudy until the poison is out her system and we still have a long way to go with that."
"I do. I especially like this persons hair." She said pointing to the character and smiling. Rosie smiled back. Everyone noticed how Eurus' behaviour changed around Rosie, like she brought her back to the present instead of being distant.
"They're here. In the living room. We'll be heading out in a few." John smiled before dipping out. Eventually they exited the hallway and moved into the living room.
"Mother." Rosie corrected. "Dad calls her mother." John sighed, Sherlock and his politeness. He'd wanted Rosie to call her by mum, mama (as Mary had cooed to her as a child) or mummy. Not mother. The informal term boiling his blood just a little.
He forced a smile past strangers and forced a smile to the perfectly willing taxi driver who drove him to Mycrofts.
John just gave a smile in return before Atlas, opening her eyes fully, noted he had a beginning of a beard - and it suited him. He held up her fluffy socks and favourite jumper, along with Whisper, her phone and earphones, some books amongst other things. Atlas noted that he had also brought a razor. He placed all items on a bedside table.
"This is for Eustace and Isobel Peterson. And all the other innocents your tormented and killed in your basement." Atlas sneered before she was overtaking by a primal instinct and she pulled the trigger. She held the shoulder of the woman before she fell, immediate death overtaking her. The body fell and Atlas reeled back, the gun falling from her fingers as she looked to the mirror.
"So it was quite eventful." John smiled. "Your a little fighter too then so you'll get through this."
"Oh." Atlas said before quietly standing up before flopping back down across John's legs onto the mattress.
Wanda placed a hand to her sons back in gentle reassurance. And Sherlock knew it. He loved that man.
Sitting on the verge, Peter waited...and waited until in the distance he could see a black land rover. And it was slowing down.
"HEY Atlas. I'm here to see Sherlock." Mycroft said in his oddly excited tone. She couldn't tell whether he was excited that Sherlock was in hospital - wouldn't be the first time. Or excited for some other possibly more ungodly reason. "Why are you sat out here?"
"Yeah. Didn't actually do my S5 as it's called, just did my S4. But four of my subjects I sat at higher level instead of National 5 - like GCSE's." Atlas said, John's face painted in confusion. He was thankful that his family weren't planning on moving into any other school system anytime soon. It then came to him that there was a question he could ask.
"I'm cold." Rosie whispered, Sherlock wrapping his jacket around her as she snuggled into his chest. Sighing as Sherlock kissed her forehead. Atlas leaned against Sherlock's shoulder as she kept her eyes on John, wrapping her own red coat around herself.
"How do you know that?" John asked with a smiled as he toed off his shoes and sat down on the bed beside her knees.
"Oh Atlas." Xerxes signed before leaning forward and giving her a hug. May joined it soon after and then Atlas pulled away.
"Yes," Atlas admitted speaking and signing. "Not all the time but bio oil works wonders. Did good on my scar from when I was shot that one time." She paused. "Sometimes I find myself having to lie on my right side because it hurts or when I catch a train or bus I have to sit on a certain side so I don't hurt myself."
"This is the life I never thought I'd be able to achieve," John said as he looked up at his husband with a gentle smile.
"Your the one who needed to assert your style." Atlas laughed before Sammy smirked in return. "We'll go to the big Debenhams or something. We start there."
"What're you reading?" Timothy asked easing himself down opposite Atlas in the window. She looked at him momentarily before speaking.
Atlas and Sammy nodded in sync. "And Atlas, if this happens again when you have moved away and you need us, or even for a different reason, don't be ashamed to call us. Alright?"
"Probably not." Wanda replied quite quickly. "But we all do it. We all shout at our children when we probably shouldn't."
"Your our family, don't feel like you have to do it on your own," Atlas said with a smile. "I promise."
It was late when Sherlock and John came in, Rosie's head lolling on John's shoulder from a late night and painkillers. Sherlock following up the stairs after John, only pausing when he heard Atlas speaking from downstairs. He retreated in search of the girl he really needed right now.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock whispered sighing and very obviously trying to contain a sob. "I'm just so tired."
"Because we'd finished for the day and you've been out a while," Sherlock smiled, rubbing the hand she gave him under his thumb.
And Sherlock had been trying to contain it but gave a little sob and then another and then another until he was clutching John's t-shirt.
"Okay." Atlas sniffled as he pulled away and looked at her. His arms holding her up as extra support.
"Okay, slow down," John said quickly. "We'll bring a change of shoes for you both and I'll take your meds alright? And we'll go to Angelo's for tea. Do you need a change of clothes?"
They stayed that way a while. At least, until Atlas had an absence seizure and Sherlock found himself pausing the video. It was a long one and as they looked at her, her mouth began to click in an unrythmic phrase.
"It's yours." Atlas laughed from her position leaning against the desk. Sherlock gave her a blank stare, almost as if he had re-written his memory. "You gave it to me when I was little." Momentarily she paused, anxiety building in her stomach as she thought about adding the next bit. "Before you left." However she didn't seem to frown, she seemed to smile in some sort of gratifying understanding. Sherlock glanced back at her returning the smile before he put the instrument back down. John watched the interaction along with Mrs Hudson, not daring to say a word for fear of interrupting.
"Right, you lot," John said as they came down the stairs, Sammy signing to Xerxes. "Thanks Sam, looks like we're being joined by Jo, Harry, Eurus, Mycroft, Grandad and Grandma for tea tonight."
"I have brought ginger and chocolate chips in milk, white and dark." Atlas explained as she tied her apron round her back, wincing slightly as it stretched her still healing shot wound. It didn't go unnoticed by Mycroft however he didn't comment.
"I am excited you know," Atlas said after some time of walking. "To go to Scotland. And strangely, I'm excited to meet your family."
"What if I tear again?" Atlas asked quietly. "Its happened once, can it happen again? I don't want it to happen again. I don't want-"
"Your children don't know, think your on a business trip. Your from Salsbury, don't know how you have all the time to be a weather presenter. Oh maybe because your not. Maybe because your a supply teacher after being found to have an alcohol problem. Oooh, the school don't know do they? Well I'm going to tell you that they do and that they will be sending you a letter to say your fired."
"Of course. And, we'll be in Scotland where our instrument is at its best. We'll come up with some of the best music we can. Shall I take us some manuscript?" She asked with a grin.
"No matter what," Atlas finished before Sherlock smiled at her. They sat looking at each other for moment. "Somehow, sitting stating at you dad doesn't feel awkward."
"Atlas is in charge," May signed with a giggle to which the dark haired girl smiled and began looking out the recipe book and ingredients. Xerxes weighed whilst Atlas collected the ingredients, a similar arrangement occurring on the island as Rosie put the cases in the tray.
"Yes," John said. "I've already mentioned it to grandma, Aunt Isla and Harry and they said we'll make a day of it. Yeah?"
"I don't know," John said before there was a thoughtful pause. "But I do know that I don't regret a moment spent with Atlas."
"No. No." Atlas declined before she looked around her friends. "Jesus. I'm sorry guys." Atlas laughed. "Look at me, I'm a mess."
Her mind flashed back to the night before, her blood running cold. She looked out across the table her eyes flashing images of a dead body before her. Her eyes darted a little before she came to her senses and realised she was just imagining things.
Rosie looked at them, before wriggling in Sherlock's arms in a plea to be let down. He put her down, and then she ran, as fast as her little legs could carry her to behind Wanda's chair. There you could see a pair of eyes, staring over the back.
"I've also killed people since then." She said before looking back at the body. Anderson muttering something about her being a freak and part of a freak chain. "Anyway, young girl was poisoned, by the father judging by the state of his finger nails amongst other things. As for who shot him, you might just want to check the mother's fingerprints before she goes to the roof to jump." Lestrade nodded once before Atlas stayed stood next to the dead child. She gave a sad smile, before closing the childs eyes.
