"Y-You mean- you want me to- really?" John grinned and nodded, leaning up and kissing his new lover softly.
John locked the door, turning back to face Sherlock, who was watching him with wide, anxious eyes. He offered the younger man a soft smile, closing the distance between them and placing his hands on Sherlock's hips.
“Not as short as John’s!” Sherlock felt his heart break as he looked down at John. The strings of time were starting to fray around him. He only had another minute or so before time left his body entirely, at that point, even Death wouldn’t be able to restore him.
They settled back onto the sofa, curled under a blanket while they watched Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer. Harry and their Mum arrived and joined them, Harry curling against Sherlock's other side just to make the other boy uncomfortable.
“I love you too, you great big, loveable idiot.” Sherlock grinned, leaning down and nuzzling into John’s neck, giggling against his collar. “Can we please go home now? I’ve been waiting for far too long to actually go to bed with you, and I don’t want to wait any longer.” Sherlock nodded and extracted himself from John’s arms, smiling brightly down at him.
John covered his mouth with his hand when he saw the pain in the taller boy's face. He closed his eyes against the tears that started to fall, and let himself be pulled into his boyfriend's arms. Sherlock was hurt, and seeing him in pain was breaking John's heart. He was upset, angry, and scared. He clung to Sherlock, being careful not to hurt the other boy, but keeping him as close as humanly possible.
“No. I’ve known him for five years. I’ve been doing this for three.” John fought the urge to physically react. Sherlock was so young, he must have been barely eighteen when he started. “I’m not as young as I look John.” At John’s confused expression, Sherlock winked, placing his hands on John’s hips and pulling the shorter man closer. “Everyone always reacts the same when they find out how long I have been filming.” John fought every fibre of his being to not pull Sherlock down and snog his brains out. “Just try to contain yourself for another few minutes Captain Watson.” Sherlock’s voice got dark and he leaned down, his lips brushing against John’s ear as he spoke. “I guarantee you it will be worth the wait.” John felt his knees get weak and he whimpered.
“What can I do? Please, I don’t want to have to watch you sail away again.” Mikey had started crying and John leaned down and pressed gentle kisses to the shorter man’s lips. “Please don’t go John.”
“Good!” She scurried behind him, pushing him forward until he almost ran into one of the makeup chairs. “Sorry again, I just need to get you prepped. The producers have a stick up their ass today because His Royal Pain pissed them off again. Take a seat and I’ll go get my stuff.” John took a seat as asked and placed his bookbag on the ground, glancing around the room.
"Call me John, only the team calls me Watson." Sherlock glared at him, still fighting against his grip, though John noticed that his squirming was lessening. "What are you doing tonight? Want to hang out or something?" The taller boy froze, blinking uncertainly down at John, his mouth slightly open as he seemed to search for the words.
“I’m Time, John. I can see the timeline of absolutely everything in creation, and manipulate specific timelines to change or alter the course of something.”
“Yes. Problem?” He saw Sherlock studying him in the mirror and chewed at his bottom lip, shaking his head and tugging the shirt over his head. As soon as it was off, he covered his shoulder with his hand, massaging the muscle absentmindedly.
"Listen kid, we just want to help, but if you won't cooperate-" John laughed, a strange, empty sound that didn't match the gleeful grin on his face.
"Boyfriend?" Sherlock shook his head, feeling his chest tighten as he realized what Victor was doing. "Funny, he didn't mention you. Though he did mention some poor old sap he used to fuck, what did you say his name was Gorgeous? Right, Markus or something I think." John winked at him, mouthing the word
"You would have your men sodomize me, simply because I'm not a pirate? Not exactly in keeping with your moral code, is it, Captain Watson?"
“I see. It is well suited.” John felt a flash of jealousy, followed by a flare of confusion. Why was he jealous of Sherlock talking to Molly? He only just met this man. John finished up with Molly’s hand and started packing up the First Aid kit.
After class, one of the rugby players met Sherlock at the door and walked with him to his next class.
"Hey Gorgeous. You were amazing out there, just like I said you would be." The team cheered in agreement, earning a chuckle from John. Sherlock hid his face further in John's jumper, embarrassment and confusion coloring his cheeks.
"Fuck off, Jim." Sherlock snapped, glaring at the other boy. An officer appeared, leading Jim and another boy John vaguely recognized towards the exit. Both boys were cuffed, and each had bruises on their faces, Jim's nose looked as though it had been broken, cotton stuffed in one of the nostrils and the cartilage crooked. John smirked at the other boy as he was led away before turning to face Sherlock.
“I’m sorry John.” He whispered to the unconscious man, drawing forth every ounce of power he could to solidify his body. He reached down and lifted John into his arms, carrying him down the hall to his room. John whimpered and squirmed, the intensity of Sherlock’s energy no doubt uncomfortable for him.
Sherlock jumped when he heard a soft knocking at the door, looking around for something to throw. The door swung open to reveal a young man, sitting in a wheelchair that was being pushed by Gavin.
He found himself in a darkened hall, the walls looking ancient. There were deep gauges and slash marks in the concrete walls and floors. The tapestries were shredded and there were paintings on the floor. It looked like a battlefield.
"I said; you're Sherlock, right? Mycroft's little brother?" The confusion must have shown on Sherlock's face, because the young man laughed softly and reached out his hand. "John Watson, Myc is dating a buddy of mine." Recognition sparked in Sherlock's mind as he shook John's hand.
John stopped turning and looked down at the Siren still kneeling before him. There was a strange mix of sadness and joy in his eyes and John was hit with a sudden realization that knocked him to his knees.
“No, of course he’s not child, John won’t let that happen. Oh, look who’s up. How’re you feeling Dear?” It was the teapot talking this time, and Sherlock had to fight back another wave of panic.
“No! Not until you listen to me!” John shook his head, trying to push his way out of Sherlock’s grip, but finding himself pinned. “John, please!”
"Sit, have some chips. You look like you haven't eaten in weeks." Sherlock blinked down at him for another minute before moving to sit again, glaring at the plate of chips.
“So, you’re talking to me again?” John grumbled, tossing the note down on the table and turning to put the kettle on. “Alright then. You feel like talking? Come out and talk.” He felt a surge of static electricity and knew without having to turn that Sherlock had flickered into view. He fought the urge to turn and look at the man, knowing that if he did, he would not be able to stay mad at him.
"We've known each other for seven years, and you never noticed the fact that I've only been saying that since Mary left?" Sherlock blinked down at the man in his arms, trying to process what was happening.
Sherlock gasped as John's lips moved down to his neck, leaving a dark bruise there. "You have no idea what you do to me Love."
“Sherlock! How is the only academic man in town.” Mike Stamford, the Librarian called from the back corner of the room.
The thin frame of Sherlock Holmes staggered out of the room, pulling tubes and wires out of his hands and wrists. The nurses reached for him, but he brushed them off, shouting obscenities and throwing weak punches.
“Hello? Sher? Where the hell are you? Yes. Yes, he is. Hold on.” She handed the phone to John, looking suddenly very concerned. “He wants to talk to you.” John grabbed the phone, fighting the swell of nerves that gripped his chest.
"Yep." Greg popped his lips and nervously grinned at Mycroft, rubbing the back of his neck. "You can uh- you can leave, if- if you want. Don't feel obligated to stay or anything."
“I don’t understand.” Greg sounded confused, as he always did. Too many knocks to the head during rugby.
Sherlock closed his computer and returned to his spot under the blankets, wiping tears off his cheeks.
He spurred Redbeard into a gallop, shouting into the air in hopes of either scaring off the predator, or drawing the attention of a hunter. He was fully panicking as they roared through the ice-covered woods.
Sherlock let his hands wander timidly, ghosting them over John's sides and back before wandering into his hair. The soft sounds John had started making as Sherlock touched him, told him that his actions were appreciated.
"Sorry, I'm sorry Sherlock. Here, I'll come under there and help you, okay?" John made his way under the bleachers, finally getting his laughter under control.
His mind started screaming at him when he felt something press against his stretched entrance, and he clung to John's shoulders, whimpering softly.
“That’s a little weird.” John gasped as Sherlock spun him in his arms, catching his lips in a searing kiss. He moaned softly as Sherlock’s skilled tongue licked gently into his mouth.
"It will hurt, I'm not going to deny that, but if you go slowly, and use extra lubricant, it can feel very good." Sherlock blushed furiously as he peaked in the bag, quickly closing it. "Take the pain killers just after. They will help with the ache." Sherlock nodded, taking a steadying breath and leaning against the older woman, never more appreciative of her presence in his life. "And just remember Dear, sex does not equal love. You need to be sure about what you have with John before you do anything physical." Sherlock nodded, his anxiety starting to fade as he thought about John, the Rugby captain that seemed so enthralled with him.
“Maybe you shouldn’t care then!” John froze at those words, feeling the anger and fear pouring off Sherlock’s trembling frame. “Why do you care oh Captain? Not really your area, is it? No, you’re more of a love them and leave them kind of guy, aren’t you? Take what you want and leave them basking in the afterglow right?” John straightened, blinking back the tears that threatened to fall at the harsh words.
"Fuck what everyone else thinks. They're just jealous of us." Sherlock chuckled, dropping his head against his boyfriend's shoulder and giggling. "I don't blame them, I'd be jealous too if you were with someone else." Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's neck, blushing and hiding his face as he felt John begin to laugh along with him. "Seriously though Babe, where have you been? Do you know how worried I was?" Sherlock sobered almost immediately, guilt pushing at his chest uncomfortably.
When Sherlock came back to himself, John was grinning breathlessly down at him, looking dishevelled and pleased.
He was forced to emerge the next day when his body started complaining of hunger. He slipped almost silently into the kitchen and started rooting for something edible. He was on the verge of ordering Indian when a voice from the doorway startled him.
John's blood ran cold as he pushed his way to the front, catching sight of the police officers and emergency workers blocking the doorway. A tall officer tried to stop him, keeping him out of the studio with a bored expression.
“No, please Sherlock. Let me do this. Let me try to bring you back. Please.” Sherlock looked terrified, uncertain as to how to respond. “I won’t let you do that to yourself again Love, promise.” The pale ghost worried at his bottom lip for a moment before looking up at John, a mischievous glint in his eyes.
“Better. Now, on your knees like a good soldier. Show me what you can do with that clever mouth of yours.” Sherlock scrambled to obey, dropping to his knees between John’s legs and fighting with his belt.
Sherlock began frequenting the darkened alleys at night, hunting for the boy with the steel eyes. He had been three when he went missing, making him almost eighteen now. He had to show up one night, they wouldn't keep him hidden after he reached legal age.
“Technically yes, but I refuse to do so. There are conditions to my powers.” John nodded, turning his attention back to Greg’s hand. He worked in silence for a while, just trying to focus on helping his friends. “Why did you cut yourselves? You only needed your blood, it would have been easier to just draw it ahead of time.” John froze, feeling a flash of frustration.
John waited until Sherlock was outside before glancing around the room once more, still not seeing the owner. He grabbed his own jacket and stood, waiting until the only waitress was out of his way before bolting for the door.
The comforter was suddenly ripped off him, pulling a shocked yelp from him as he scrambled into a sitting position. Mrs. Hudson was standing beside the bed, her arms crossed and an understanding smile on her face.
“There wasn’t anything you could have done Mikey. This isn’t something a one-off will fix.” Mike breathed a heavy sigh and nodded.
“G-God Sh-Sher- fuck!” John had lost the ability to speak as Sherlock fought with his trousers, pulling them down to his knees and spinning him around. He bit his lip as he heard Sherlock rustling around for a moment.
"Perfect! What's your number? I'll text you my address." They exchanged numbers quickly, John chattering on about how much Sherlock was going to love the movie.
"I-I'm not- it- it's not- we're not-" Harry pulled the confused boy back into her arms, laughing along with John and their mother at his distress.
"There are about twenty-thousand known species, in seven different biological families." John rubbed a hand over his mouth, his face still a mask of awe.
“I was young, twenty-one, and still fairly naïve, so it wasn’t hard for him to convince me that he loved me.” John fought back a wave of anger at the thought of someone mistreating Sherlock. “He was strong, dominant, and dangerous and I fell hard.”
Sherlock glanced over at his flatmate, squirming in his seat as he watched the man clean whatever he had spilled.
“I cast a spell to bind flesh and spirit. He’s upstairs in the private wing.” John felt the crushing panic start to grow when Greg’s face didn’t light up. “John, he-”
“Too bad. You either eat on your own, or I come back up and force it down your throat.” With that, John was gone, leaving Sherlock feeling more like a prisoner than a guest.
“Hello Sherlock! It’s been too long! You’ve been causing some trouble, haven’t you? Normally I am all for chaos, but Daddy’s had enough now.” His voice was grating, and Sherlock felt the familiar sense of panic at his words. This man had nearly killed Sherlock once, and had been trying to take the Entities ever since.
"So uh, I had Mum dig out the air mattress, just in case." John's voice was slightly shaky, and Sherlock heard the change in his heartbeat. He glanced up at his boyfriend and noticed the blush on his cheeks. "I-I'm not saying that if we don't- y-you know, that you have to sleep on the air mattress. I-I just didn't know if you wanted to share a bed or if you'd rather sleep alone." John looked down at him and offered him a nervous smile. "No pressure."
“Please John. Don’t make me watch you die.” A tear fell from Sherlock’s eye and John swallowed thickly. “Please, I can’t stop this.”
“I shot up with enough heroin to kill a fucking horse, then threw myself off the roof of the hospital. They already think I’m mad.” Sherlock glared at the I.V. line in his hand, debating on how stupid it would be to rip them out and try to run for it.
“I won’t live without you, and I know that you will just keep me distracted for the week then I’ll wake up and you’ll be gone.” Sherlock lifted his chin defiantly and tightened his hands into fists. “We save each other, or you leave now.” John reacted as though Sherlock had physically struck him, stepping back and pain filling his eyes.
Sherlock had a natural grace that showed through even while filming. John was sure he had never seen someone look as gorgeous as Sherlock did while giving head. What made it harder to fathom was just how good the pale man was at it. John had to stop him twice to prevent finishing too early.
“S-Sher-Sherlock-” The Siren breathed a sigh of relief and pulled John close, taking care not to touch the open wounds on his scalp. “W-What the-”
"You thought I'd believe him." The hurt in John's voice pulled more tears from Sherlock's eyes. He fought against a sob that rose in his chest and nodded timidly, not meeting John's eyes.
"Victor, Sherlock's boyfriend." John stopped fighting, spinning back to face Sherlock, confusion and a touch of hurt in his eyes.
“I-I don’t know.” John sat up, pulling the lanky man onto his lap and pressing soft kisses to his chest and neck. “I-I’ve never- I don’t-”
Neither man lasted long once Sherlock started stroking John's leaking erection. John came first, crying out Sherlock's name as he spilled between them. Sherlock followed close behind, filling the condom and groaning.
“Stay here with me. You don’t have to suffer here. You can build a life with me.” Victor was warm, nostalgia seeping from his very core, familiar in a distant sort of way.
"Why are you hesitating? Why would the life of one pirate captain you knew fifteen years ago give you such pause? I'm a street rat, son of a vile sinner, a filthy pirate that has committed almost every sin known to man, I've killed hundreds of your men with my own blade, I killed my own fucking father. Why do I matter to the son of a bloody Court Royal?" The room was filled with silence and John could see something new forming on the younger man's face.
“Not so fun when you’re the one being crowded, is it?” John growled, placing one of his hands against Sherlock’s chest and holding him in place. He was much stronger than Sherlock had anticipated. “I know you’re in there Sherlock, because if you weren’t, this asshole wouldn’t know how much I love you.”
"About the astounding lack of food in this place? I was just about to order Indian, you want something?"
“W-Why- I-I don’t-” The Siren sighed heavily and rolled his eyes, flicking his dark tail in irritation.
"Why does Harriet insist on trying to decorate me?" John laughed and pulled Sherlock down for a deep kiss, making the taller boy moan softly.
“Oh, so you actually are a soldier then? I thought Captain Watson was just your handle.” John flushed, unsure how to respond. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist protectively, pulling him close.
“Mikey, don’t do this again. Moriarty killed Sherlock. Nothing you could have done would have saved him.” He pulled his friend into his arms and held him close, fighting back tears at the memory of Sherlock. “I’ve got to go. I’ll call you-”
They finally arrived at Sherlock's room, both shirtless with their trousers undone and hanging off their hips. John latched onto Sherlock's neck and sucked hard enough to leave a dark bruise. Sherlock whimpered and pushed him back onto the bed, staring down at his flatmate in awe.
“I hate you.” John groused as Greg danced around, throwing clothing at him and chatting on and on about what John should say and do tonight.
Once he had recovered enough, he gently pulled out, slipping the condom off and tying it off before tossing it into the bin. He rolled onto his back, lifting his arm so Sherlock could curl against his side.
"Fuck, Sherlock. You're beautiful." John whispered, the hunger in his voice and eyes sending fire sparking through Sherlock's body.
"What?" John blushed as he realized that he had stopped moving and was staring at Sherlock, who was now blushing and chewing on his bottom lip self-consciously. "I-Is something wrong?"
"You know what I love about this place?" John asked, pressing a soft kiss into Sherlock's hair. The younger boy hummed, tilting his head back and smiling up at John. "There's no neighbours, no one for miles." He grinned as he felt Sherlock squirm against him. He knew the boy understood what he meant, and he was certain that he would never not love how easily he could make his boyfriend tremble.
“I’m right here Love, and most decidedly not dead.” Sherlock kissed him again, and John felt the glass wall he had erected between his mind and the memory of Sherlock shatter.
“I’m so sorry John.” He couldn’t stop himself then, spinning around to face the ghost. The world spun with him and he stumbled, catching himself on the counter before he could fall. Sherlock was standing in the doorway, his arms wrapped around his waist and his head bowed. He looked miserable.
"There's my Tiny Dancer." John whispered, brushing an errant curl out of Sherlock's eyes. "Now, what's going on?" Sherlock shrugged, reaching up to play with the collar of John's Rugby jacket. "Come on, something is stressing you out. What is it?"
He leaned against the door, sighing heavily and blinking back the unwanted tears. He wouldn't cry, not when there were so many people that could catch him.
"Y-You never told me what George said." John blinked down at his boyfriend for a moment, trying to place the name, before groaning again and rolling off him, reaching for his mobile.
“At your place, tonight. I know.” John stopped packing and closed his eyes, breathing a heavy sigh. Since Sherlock started filming again, John stopped staying over on the nights Sherlock worked. He knew it was childish of him to be jealous, but he couldn’t help it. He hated the thought of being with Sherlock after someone else. “John I-”
It’s dark when Sherlock wakes, blinking in the darkness of the bathroom. The blood on his wrists is dried, cracking and pulling as he moves. He gags at the unpleasant scent of stale blood, pushing himself painfully to his feet.
"I thought about it, then decided to be a gentleman and meet you at the door." John reached up, hooking one of his fingers through Sherlock's belt and pulling the other boy off the step. Sherlock gasped as John pulled him in for a soft kiss. "You look gorgeous, Tiny Dancer." The color on Sherlock's cheeks darkened and he chewed on his bottom lip, brushing a piece of lint off John's shoulder. John grinned, leaning in and nuzzling against the taller boy's neck, pressing soft kisses against the skin there. "Seriously Babe, you look amazing."
He was nearly finished packing his bag when he felt timid hands settle on his hips. He grinned and spun, facing his boyfriend and pulling the taller boy in for a hug.
“Sherlock?” His voice sounded wrong, it waivered and shook, vibrating along with the strings. “W-what the f-”
They all thought he was weird, that he read too much and was too intelligent. He in turn thought they were all a bunch of mindless idiots.
He was about an hour outside of E6, plotting a course to the nearest plot of empty space when he felt the air around him shift. He felt the tips of his ears start to burn with energy and braced himself for an Energy Storm.
“Damn it. Greg!” He called for the Candelabra. Greg wasn’t medically trained, but he knew enough about first aid to be useful.
"We didn't finish the movie." Sherlock blinked at John, uncertainty washing over his mind as he waited for the inevitable snap. "What's wrong? I told you we were going to watch White Christmas, and that's what we're going to do. Unless there's something else you'd rather do instead?"
He noticed streams of energy, pulsing and shifting with the Song, swirling around himself and Sherlock. He clawed uselessly at the deck, trying to ground himself, to make himself more consciously aware of what was happening, but found his efforts pointless. He felt a steady, heavy pressure on his chest and caught Sherlock’s eyes, any panic in his body instantly dissipating when he saw the love and arousal in the Siren’s face.
Sherlock watched John laughing, a smile tugging at his own lips as John clutched at his sides, nearly doubled over with the force of his laugh.
“Where did you learn how to do that?” Sherlock asked, unable to contain his curiosity. The Beast chuckled, a dark, rumbling sound that echoed pleasantly in Sherlock’s chest.
"Yes Daddy." He whispered against John's lips, feeling the smirk that played across his lover's lips just before he felt John slip his finger inside him. He bit his lip and whimpered as his body tensed, trying to remind him that
“It’s alright. You can call me John when we aren’t filming.” Sherlock looked at his hand, then back up at him, his eyes wide and lips parted in shock. “Something wrong? No touching before filming or something?” John asked, unable to hide the amusement in his voice. Sherlock blinked rapidly and snapped his jaw shut, straightening his posture. He reached out and shook John’s hand, his fingers colder and rougher that John had pictured.
"Oh, you know my name Captain Watson. You dress and carry yourself like a man raised with no scruples, yet you speak with the tongue of a nobleman. You were raised in Royal Court, but only until the age of ten or eleven, old enough for the language to stick but not the behaviours. Your father was a member of the Courts but was kicked out after a nasty scandal involving a priest. You lived on the streets until you found your way to the docks, where you stowed away on a pirate ship. The rest as they say, is history." John gaped at the young man, his mind reeling.
"I love you too John, but seriously, Mrs. Hudson is gone tonight-" John laughed, kissing Sherlock deeply, pulling a soft whimper from the taller boy.
"Oi! You're the one with come leaking out of his arse." Sherlock felt his cheeks darken as John helped him to his feet.
“Hello Brother Mine.” One of the many voices that haunted Sherlock’s nightmares echoed through his mind, causing the panic he was fighting to swell. “Now, now, Sherlock, you know better than to fight. It will-”
"Sherlock?" The dancer stumbled out of his routine, turning away from the boy that was standing in the entry way. He had managed to successfully avoid John for three days, skipping class and changing the hours he had booked for the studio. "Harry told me you would be here."
“I’ll call you before-” His voice cracked and he cleared his throat. “You don’t have to answer, but I think I’d want to hear your voice one last time.” Sherlock nodded, taking the phone and slipping it into his pocket.
“I fucking told you and your bloody physicians that he wouldn’t survive. I told you he wasn’t strong enough. Now he’s dead, and I’m going to lose John all over again because you wouldn’t fucking listen!” He didn’t give the Siren the chance to respond before he was speaking again. “John Watson’s blood is on your hands.” He growled before he hung up, dropping the phone and sliding down to the floor.
"Sorry, it's a bit small. Can't really afford much more than this." John shrugged, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. He grinned up at Sherlock and winked, that boyish grin returning to his lips as he backed into the kitchen.
After a few minutes of this, John's hand reached around to grasp Sherlock's now-hard member tightly.
“It’s yours.” Sherlock turned wide eyes to his friend. No one in the town had ever given him anything before. “Happy Birthday.”
"Sod off, I know what you're trying to do here." Greg scowled at John's laugh, but let himself be pushed forward, suddenly feeling very self-conscious. "This is just a waste of time you know. Mycroft Holmes hated me-"
“Oh no buddy, you are the one dating Casper the Friendly Ghost, you don’t get to tell me what I can and can’t ask.” John scowled at his friend and finished off the last of his beer, checking his watch and grabbing his phone. “I want to meet your new lover.”
John struggled to keep up with Sherlock, his shorter legs putting him several paces behind his friend. He decided to keep his distance, giving Sherlock the space he needed to brood. It was a long walk back to Sherlock’s flat, and John was not properly dressed for it. Halfway there, John’s shoulder started to ache in the cold. He sped up and grabbed Sherlock’s elbow, forcing the taller man to stop.
He yelped when someone slapped the back of his head, turning back to glare sheepishly at his Nan, whom he had forgotten was in the kitchen.
When the boat got less than one length away from the creature, John leapt to the very end, his weight pushing the tip of the boat down as he aimed his energy bow. He fired, striking true through the eye of the beast as he pushed off the boat, spinning it around and sending it careening through the skies.
"Y-Your sister is looking for you." Confusion flashed over the boy's face as he froze, the grin starting to falter on his lips. "Your name is John Watson, you were abducted from your front yard when you were three years old. Your sister, Harriet Watson, has been searching for you for fifteen years-"
John answered the door in his pajama trousers, a towel around his neck and water still dripping down his hair. Sherlock swallowed thickly, forcing his eyes to stay trained on John's grinning face and trying his hardest to smile back.
“You will need to cover his ears.” John nodded and turned to his bag, pulling out his earplugs and handing them to Mike.
“God, I’m so sorry Sherlock.” John pulled back, taking Sherlock’s face in his hands and looking at him. Sherlock’s memory recognized The Prince, but he felt as though he was seeing John for the first time. “I-I should have protected you. I-I shouldn’t have l-let you leave-”
“This isn’t going to work Mouse, there is no such thing as magic, or Father Time.” Greg laughed and reached for the items, opening a small, leather-bound book and reading off the measurements. As he prepared the spell, John glanced around the rundown house they had decided to use for their little ritual. It was falling apart and there was no power, but it seemed like the perfect setting. “Alright ladies, the spell is ready.” Greg picked up the dagger and held the blade against the skin, taking a deep breath before slicing his skin. He winced and held his bleeding hand over the bowl, letting the blood drip over the blend of herbs. The med student in John flinched, wanting to staunch the bleeding and check over the wound. He settled for handing his friend a clean cloth and deciding to check over all wounds afterwards. Molly went next, whimpering in pain as the blade cut her skin.
John finally managed to get himself under control, wiping the tears from the corners of his eyes and giggling softly.
Once John finished, he cleaned up himself and his nearly unconscious lover before starting to attempt to haul Sherlock home.
There were two pills and a glass of water on the table next to a note. He picked up the note as he took the pills.
“Sherlock.” He heard Mycroft’s voice behind him, he shook his head, this couldn’t be happening. “He’s gone Sherlock.” He spun around and threw himself against his brother, knocking him against the wall and pinning him there.
"Good, go put your headphones on then." Sherlock swatted him again and Harry made a sound of disgust as she slammed the door. "Come here Tiny Dancer, I want to-"
It took Sherlock less than two minutes to escape the cuffs, the weird angle stalling him longer than usual. As soon as he was free, he sprung to his feet, grabbing his cell phone and dialing a number he hated having in his phone.
“J-John-” Sherlock sounded scared and uncertain. John took a steadying breath and turned, pulling out his cell and checking the time.
“I missed you too John. I’m so sorry.” John took Sherlock’s face in his hands and grinned down at him.
“Your turn Doc.” Greg said, handing John the dagger. John took it timidly, taking a steadying breath before quickly drawing the blade through his skin. It hurt more than he anticipated, and his hand was shaking as he held it over the bowl. Once he had given enough of his blood, he grabbed a clean cloth and wrapped his hand. This was starting to feel a little too real, making him question his motives. “Alright, now we say the spell, and light everything on fire.” Even Greg sounded tense now.
Sherlock surged up and kissed John, the angle a little weird, so he mostly got his lower lip, but it was a start. John made a soft sound, one of his hands cupping Sherlock's jaw as he adjusted the angle. Their mouths slotted together perfectly and Sherlock whimpered, clinging to the front of his boyfriend's shirt and trying not to tremble.
“I’ll be right there.” John handed Molly her phone back and jumped from the chair, grabbing his bag and throwing his shirt back on. “Tell the director’s that something happened and we’ll be back.” He shouted behind him as he ran.
John felt the confused stares of the guards as he introduced Sherlock as his companion. He knew they were wondering why would a man as gorgeous as Sherlock be with someone as plain as John.
He made his way into the kitchen, making a mental note to put some wood on the fire once he was done with breakfast. They had come up to the family cabin for Sherlock's birthday, and John had forgotten how cold it could get at night.
“You also have feelings for him?” Sherlock’s stomach was in knots when he saw the emotion in John’s eyes at the mention of Mike.
“What have you done to him?” Mycroft blinked, looking at John as though he had completely forgotten the human was there. He flicked his tail irritably, the pale light of the second sun making it glint like emeralds. Sherlock had always envied his brother’s tail, the green a much more appealing color than the black, bruise-like mass he was born with. “Let him go!”
“A-Alright, um, what’s your name?” There was no answer, but the air in the flat suddenly got cold. “My- my name is John.” He yelped as a teacup flew at him, shattering against the wall behind his head. “Hey! Stop breaking my shit!” He snapped, feeling his frustration rising. “This is my flat now, you can stay here if you want, but if you keep breaking my stuff I’m going to have to get rid of you. Deal?” There was silence, no more books or mugs flying at his head. John nodded and went about his day, trying to come up with a plan as to how to deal with his new flatmate.
"And where do you want me? Here? In the shower? In the bedroom?" Sherlock whimpered as John bit down on a sensitive spot on his neck, making him dizzier.
“You have no idea the hold your empty soul has on the minds of others, do you?” Moriarty leaned down and hovered his lips just over John’s. “Your lack of emotion is, to say the least, intoxicating-”
“Fucking hell man! It’s Greg!” The man stormed off, looking incredibly pissed. Sherlock grinned smugly, turning back to face John.
“I thought you didn’t love me anymore.” John whispered, feeling the weight of the past week falling heavy on his shoulders as he dropped his head in his hands, the tears falling freely. He felt his body tingle with electrical energy as Sherlock flickered closer, wrapping his arms around John’s shaking form and pulling him close.
“Ready Gorgeous?” John quipped, sneaking his hand under Sherlock’s heavy coat and pinching his arse, giggling when the man jumped. Sherlock blushed and glared at him, furiously scribbling at the page before slamming the clipboard down on the counter.
"Yes, I am aware of that." They laughed softly, remembering the embarrassment and confusion the incident had brought about. "But everything I've ever read says that masturbation is no where near as pleasurable as actual sex." John leaned in closer and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's forehead, pulling him close and wrapping him in his arms.
As soon as Brittany had started kissing John, Sherlock felt his stomach roll unpleasantly. He shot out of his chair and hurried to his room, closing the door behind him.
John’s mobile went off in Sherlock’s hand as he neared The Spider’s ship. He opened the message that appeared on the screen and felt his stomach drop at the video that started playing.
“Oh, god yes.” John leaned up and kissed Sherlock again, this one deep and desperate. Sherlock moaned softly against John’s lips and responded enthusiastically.
"No. No, like this. Please Daddy, I-I can't wait-" Sherlock made another keening sound as John gripped his hair and pulled him in for a rough kiss.
"Get off me." Anderson laughed again, keeping Sherlock pinned in place with a hand against his chest. The shorter boy shook his head, pulling away from Sherlock slightly.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock asked, and if Greg hadn't known better, he would have believed the boy was genuinely concerned.
"Hmm, who?" John chuckled again, reaching for his tired boyfriend and ruffling his hair fondly. Sherlock always seemed to forget who Greg was, calling him everything from Gavin to Geoffrey, but never Greg.
Sherlock had explained Siren biology a few nights prior, so John understood the logic of what was supposed to happen, but still found himself drifting in awe at feeling Sherlock move between his legs. He felt a cool hand cup his cheek and looked at the Siren, barely aware enough to read the hope and concern in his eyes.
“-Internal injuries or a negative reaction to medication.” Sherlock rambled, instantly regretting speaking.
They pulled up to the gates of E6, John handing the guards his tablet and Medical Card. They let the pair pass easily, directing them to the guest docking slots and handing them visitor bracelets. John helped secure the bracelet on Sherlock’s wrist before gathering up his Tablet and hopping off the ship.
“Shut up!” He growled, pulling violently at his curls and cursing his weak state. In the last twenty-four hours, he had already attempted to finish what he started last time, but that nagging voice in his head kept pulling him away from the brink. “If this John Watson is so in love with me, then why isn’t he here?”
John spent most of his days with Sherlock, watching as the brilliant young man ran his experiments. Sherlock was smart, his head filled with knowledge that John couldn’t even imagine.
“You’re back, that’s all that matters. And I am never letting you out of my sight again.” Sherlock laughed and leaned up, catching John’s lips in another kiss.
“He was here, critical condition. Sword was run through his chest and punctured his lung. He was awake, but non-responsive when he arrived. What the hell happened to him John? I’ve never seen psychological symptoms like that before.”
He debated helping, using his song to manipulate the energy and turn the boat, but then a movement on the small vessel caught his eye. The human manning the craft grabbed the mainsail rope and jumped from one end of the boat to the port side, landing on the edge and leaning back, pulling the rope tight and forcibly turning the boat.
Sherlock finally got his trousers open and John lifted his hips so he could pull them off. He stopped once the trousers were gone, looking up at John with wide eyes. John was almost painfully hard, just watching the young man kneeling in front of him.
“Good. Now, what are we going to tell your parents?” They chuckled, exchanging ideas amongst tender kisses and soft touches.
“Oh, I know who you are.” Sherlock blushed, pulling his hand away from John and glancing at the floor. John blinked in shock, registering Sherlock’s behaviour. He was acting like a little boy that just met his idol. John decided to test his theory. “I’ve seen your work, you’re pretty good.” He winked, sending a flush over the pale man’s cheeks. Sherlock stared at him for a long while, seemingly frozen.
“Wh-What- what are you saying?” Sherlock could feel his body start to shake as his brother’s words sank in.
Sherlock nodded, he had to save John. When the bond was broken, John wouldn’t be able to see him, or even remember him. He would have to physically remove the bond from John’s soul, that would distort his memories. He stood and took John’s hand, pulling out his pocket watch.
The paperwork had arrived the next day, and by the end of the week, John was back at the studio, being prepped for filming.
“You know, all this talk of my brother and Gavin is really putting a damper on my mood.” John was breathless, nearly gasping as he was pushed back against the sofa, falling onto the cushions. Sherlock climbed onto his lap and kissed him again, running his cold fingers along John’s chest. “Please John, let me take you. I’m strong enough. My ribs don’t hurt anymore and my concussion is long gone. If it makes you more comfortable you can take me. Please, j-just- please.”
"He's no demon, just a clever boy that doesn't know when to shut up." The young man chuckled and squirmed. "Set him free." The angry mob of men shouted in protest, but soon quieted down when John raised his hand. Stamford stepped forward, wringing his hat in his hands.
In the distance, he could see the outline of a massive gate. He steered the horse towards the iron structure.
“Because you saved me, and anything that will help fuck with the Spider’s operations sounds like fun to me.”
“Because I love you, and I want to be with you, and that is really hard to do when I just pass right through you every time I try to touch you.” They never talked about their relationship, just kind of accepting the emotions that were there between them.
John couldn’t breathe, those three words echoing through his skull louder than anything he had ever experienced. He couldn’t feel anything as his blood seemed to suddenly flow too thick. He was aware of his body being turned around, dragged back against the wall again. He looked up into the pale eyes of Sherlock Holmes and felt his heart break.
“May have believed it, at the time, may have even wanted too.” Mycroft removed his hand from it’s place above John’s heart and straightened, his eyes filled with pity he kept aimed at his younger brother. “He isn’t immune to your Song Sherlock, he just has no life force for you to manipulate.”
"All good?" John nodded, tugging Sherlock close and wrapping his arm around his waist. The three of them made their way down the halls, ignoring the stares and whispers of the kids around them. "I don't think that Jim kid is going to report you, he kind of scurried away with his tail between his legs after you two left." Sherlock nodded, blushing lightly as he felt John's hand tighten around his hip. "What the hell happened anyway? I came in after it started-"
"Why would I judge you Love?" Sherlock blushed darker and pulled out his lubricant, one of the pricier brands you could buy. John often bugged him about his posh tastes. "Seriously? How much does this even cost?"
"I have condoms and lubricant." That seemed to shock John, and the shorter boy blinked up at him. Sherlock blushed and glanced down at his feet. "Mrs. Hudson was concerned about me." John snorted, dropping his head against Sherlock's chest and giggling.
"So do I." Sherlock's hands started shaking as he recognized the edge that crept into John's tone. "Want to hear some of them?"
“No, no Sherlock. Please! Sherlock!” John felt a huge weight crushing his heart. Sherlock was gone. “No. Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I’m so sorry.” He wrapped the limp form in his arms, pulling him tight to his chest and tucking his face against Sherlock’s neck. “I love you.” He whispered, his heart breaking at the lack of response.
"Uh, it's a book about bees." Sherlock blushed, pulling the heavy volume off the table and clutching it to his chest. Victor hated Sherlock's obsession with bees.
"Because I've done some research, and everything I've read says that just because I don't feel the need for sex, doesn't mean I can't enjoy it when I'm with someone I care about-"
“I’m bored.” John rolled his eyes, it wasn’t the first time the Siren had made that announcement since they started travelling together. Usually John could shut him up with a story, or by answering his questions, but he was out of stories and Sherlock didn’t seem to have any questions.
“Yeah, when he started talking about you, I recognized him. I saw him when I died that last time, and I saw him when I died then.”
He stepped into the studio, glancing around the nearly empty room. Harry was no where to be seen, but Sherlock was sprawled out on the floor, not moving.
Sherlock stopped resisting and gave into the kiss, sighing as John moved from his lips to his neck. John fought back a triumphant grin as he felt the dancer timidly move his hands along his sides. These kinds of touches had been okay between them for over a month now, but Sherlock still got shy, he still hesitated when it came to touching John.
John had managed to pull Sherlock's sweater off and was in the middle of removing his own when his phone rang, startling Sherlock. He wanted to ignore it, but it was Harry's ringtone, so he answered.
“Hmm, I can see why he likes you so much, such a lovely voice. Has he heard you scream yet?” John laughed, the sound empty to even his own ears, and swayed his body gently, praying he was reading the man’s words correctly.
Sherlock sighed, rubbing his hands over his face and leaning back, shoving the microscope away. He was tired, frustrated, and reaching the end of his rope with this case.
"So far, my favorite one seems to be going behind that dumpster there and fucking your brains out." Sherlock dropped his magnifying glass. "Think anyone would notice?"
He looked like a true Prince, standing in his torn, dirty clothes. John grinned up at him, reaching for his hand and pulling him close.
"What brought this on? And don't say you were bored." John laughed, pressing a soft kiss to the hand that was draped over his shoulders.
"Of course I'm sure, now go get him, and get your apes out of my flat." Lestrade frowned, opening his mouth to snap back but seemed to hesitate when John sent him a pleading look.
"I don't go by Eurus anymore. My preferred name is Sherlock." John blinked up at her for a moment before his body burned with realization.
“Where’s Sherlock?” John asked as soon as he woke the next day. He fought the panic rising in his chest again, he had to know what happened to the Siren. Mikey sighed and sat heavily in the chair next to John.
“Well? What do you think?” Sherlock had been dressed in a vibrant yellow outfit, lined and decorated with gold trim.
“Did you keep any of the fluid you pulled from my lungs?” Sherlock’s curiosity was piqued, the terror that had settled in his mind disappearing for now.
John flushed when he realized he had said that out loud. He plugged in the collection of cords, waving off the comment. The equipment roared to life and John grinned, dusting off his hands and turning towards the fridge.
“I’m alive.” He whispered, pulling Sherlock close and kissing his hair, tears of happiness slipping from his eyes. “I’m alive, Sherlock.” He felt the moment Sherlock understood, felt the Siren’s hands grip his hips tighter, the sob wrack his thin frame. He saw the joy in his lover’s eyes when he looked up at John. “Let’s go live, eh Gorgeous?”
“Jesus Love, I thought we agreed you would give me a bit of warning before you did that?” John laughed, breathless. Sherlock’s ever flowing energy had a strange effect on his lungs.
“Yes, just please, hurry.” Mycroft nodded, touching the tip of his umbrella to John’s chest. Sherlock could feel the disturbance in the air as John’s spirit returned to his body. He felt for a pulse, relief filling him as he could feel the faintest. He looked up to thank his brother, but the man was gone. “Gavin, call an ambulance. Tell them John’s heart was stopped for three minutes but is working now.” John’s friend did as he was told, and Molly came to kneel beside Sherlock.
“I don’t want to hurt him again.” Greg sighed, pushing open the flat door and leading them inside, dropping John on the sofa.
"I'm so proud of you Tiny Dancer." John whispered, smiling proudly at his boyfriend. "And I love you so much. We're going to be fine Babe, promise. I'm not going to let you go that easily." Sherlock nodded, his eyes uncertain but hopeful. "Happy birthday Love."
“I sure. According to the logs, they showed up, were here for about an hour, then John left alone. Sherlock didn’t follow him for a few hours after. What’s going on Mr. Holmes?”
John watched Sherlock throughout the day, his heart swelling every time the boy smiled. He loved seeing his boyfriend happy, and the joy that coursed through his veins as he watched Harry try to decorate Sherlock with leftover tinsel from the tree.
He stopped at the next window in time to see Moriarty raise his blade above his head, rage filling his face.
“God, no! It’s not like that! We haven’t- I-I mean, we aren’t- I-I don’t think we can- I’m not discussing our sex life with you.”
When he arrived at Sherlock's side, he noticed that the boy wasn't stuck, and looked scared and embarrassed.
“No, no John, it’s not. I’m right here. I’m not dead John.” Sherlock tilted his head and pressed a soft kiss to John’s lips. John gasped as something in his chest sparked, just this side of painful. “See? Think John. Use that beautifully dull brain of yours. How can I touch you if I’m dead?” The spark in John’s chest flared again, making his head swim and breathing become irregular.
He scrambled to his feet, still shaking violently, and grabbed his bag. He shoved a handful of clothes into it, along with his new book and his microscope.
"I like the sound of that." Sherlock smirked, stepping back and winking down at the boy before him. John blushed, adjusting his shoulders and licking his lips.
"I just wondered if you wanted to go to the dance with me?" Sherlock blinked at the other boy, trying to process what was happening. He could feel the tension pouring off John, and ran his fingers along his boyfriend's neck, trying to calm the rugby player.
He helped the younger man undress and pull on his pajama bottoms before helping him into the bed. He placed some painkillers on his nightstand next to a glass of water before standing up to leave.
“Yes. With my life. Please Mike.” The Librarian nodded, stepping back around to untie Sherlock. As soon as his wrists were freed, he sprung to his feet, only to nearly fall to the floor. Mike caught him before he fell, propping him up against the nearest wall.
“We are leaving.” Sherlock steered John towards the front door, pushing him along brusquely. “Good night all, I will call when I feel like returning for dinner.”
“That’s right. He made me hide his ships as they passed checkpoints and Rangers. He had me disguise his men so they wouldn’t be recognized. He- he had me manipulate the people he wanted dead so they would kill themselves. He had me change the memories of the people his men would assault so no one could ID his men.” John’s head was spinning, it was a clever idea, but the damage that had been done to Sherlock’s body was beyond horrific.
Soon enough, both creatures had calmed enough for John to pull himself off Sherlock’s lap and clean them both up. He watched with a curious awe as Sherlock re-arranged himself under his scales, his now-soft length disappearing in his tail.
“Eighty-six for minor wounds, one-twenty-two for anything worse.” Sherlock nodded and set about repairing the damage.
"Don't you fucking dare!" John's face was dark as he chased the cackling boy out of the studio, leaving Sherlock still curled in on himself against the wall.
“Alright.” The Beast carried him out of the room almost effortlessly, the closeness making Sherlock blush lightly.
He dipped his fingers in the oil and warmed it slightly before pressing against Sherlock's entrance.
“You know, it is rude to speak to someone like that. Especially when they are trying to court you.” Moran snapped, crossing his arms defensively. Sherlock felt his gut clench in fear at those words.
"Call him." Sherlock glared at John, making him giggle again. "Seriously, call him and ask if he wants to join us for dinner, Friday night." Sherlock stared blankly at John for nearly a full minute before realization sparked in his eyes and he vigorously shook his head.
“You didn’t kill him Sherlock, but you’re going to if you don’t calm down!” Sherlock froze, taking stock of the room. The lights were flickering and John’s heart rate monitor was starting to beep loudly. His energy was disrupting the machines that were keeping John breathing. He backed away, stumbling back against the wall, his body almost slipping through. He solidified just enough to lean against the wall, sliding down and dropping his head back against the wall.
"See why we need to discuss it?" Sherlock nodded, shaking his head and trying to erase the image from his mind before it got embedded in there. He pulled his knees up to his chest, not meeting John's gaze. He felt embarrassed, not something he was used to feeling. "Hey, Sherlock look at me Love." Sherlock felt a warm hand on his ankle and glanced up. "What's wrong?"
His lungs hurt and he felt slightly nauseous. The pain level was high, but not unbearable. The thing he was most concerned about was the way his heart was fluttering. That couldn’t be good.
He used his Med Scanner to check the Siren for any internal injuries, when he found none, he moved on to repairing the external ones he could find. Once he finished with Sherlock’s wounds, he checked himself for any damage. He found only minor abrasions and bruises.
“I’m studying to be a forensic pathologist.” Sherlock was impressed, Molly seemed to know what she was doing. “What did he mean by John having an expiration date?” Sherlock felt a weight settle on his shoulders as he looked once more at John’s short timeline.
"Look at you Baby, so desperate," Sherlock's back arched sharply and a loud cry fell from his lips as John gripped his erection tightly.
"Sorry, sorry, forget I said anything. I-I didn't mean it-" John stopped his words with a gentle kiss.
"Finish that sentence and I will see to it that you spend the rest of the year on the bleachers." John let his voice slip into a dark, dangerous tone, one that he had heard his own father use so many times. It worked. Anderson flushed and stepped back, keeping his eyes pinned on the ground. "That goes for the rest of you as well. If I hear of any of you bothering Sherlock again, I will have you all kicked off the team, understood?" The group nodded, murmuring their agreements and apologies. "Good. Now, start running, a hundred lengths to start."
“Hey.” Sherlock’s deep voice cut through the air. “Sorry I’m late. Your wardrobe is, chatty.” John chuckled softly, already starting to relax when he heard Sherlock chuckle as well.
“I just wanted to tell you that I thoroughly enjoyed filming with you today.” His voice was soft and sincere as he brushed his fingers along John’s cheekbone.
"You mean the Royal Navy that kicked me, my mother, my baby sister and my abusive father to the streets? You know what happened to them? Mom went to find food one night, didn't come back. Harriet died of exposure because I was too young to keep her alive. Dad came back to our alley to find me crying over Harriet's frozen body and tried to beat me to death. I had to kill my own father when I was twelve fucking years old because your precious Navy couldn't stand to deal with a scandal." John turned back to Sherlock, a dark grin on his face.
“I’m not a good man, John Watson, not by a long shot. But, for some reason, you seem to love me. I have abused you, hurt you, nearly killed you, and you still insist on loving me.” Uncertainty filled his features and he pulled his finger away from John’s lips. “I-I mean- y-you did- I don’t want to assume-” John grinned and grabbed the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling him closer until their lips were just barely touching.
The boy in front of him was shorter, just slightly shorter than average, far too skinny to be strictly healthy, with blond hair that was styled messily. He carried himself with a confidence that spoke to years of abuse and training. His eyes were full of a suspicious mischief that sent a spark of danger through Sherlock's gut.
“That’s right, you three numbskulls got drunk and decided to break the number one rule of dealing with Time.”
When Sherlock noticed the shorter man's thighs starting to shake he pulled him close and flipped them over, hiking John's legs over his shoulders and pushing back into his body. John moaned loudly as Sherlock set a brutal pace, his head thrown back and fists clinging to the sheets.
“Let him go.” Mary turned to Sherlock, her pale eyes filled with a somber amusement that sent a spark of fear along Sherlock’s spine.
“Mike, this is Sherlock. He saved my ass from that storm.” Sherlock nodded curtly at Mike, his eyes scanning John’s friend and his jaw clenching. If John didn’t know any better, he would say the Siren was jealous of Mikey. “Sherlock, this is Mike. We were on the same Med Unit in the War.” Mike stepped forward and pulled Sherlock in for a hug, whispering something in the stunned Siren’s ear before pulling away.
“Sherlock, there is nothing I can do. I can’t restore him if there is nothing to restore. His soul is non-responsive. It will go when time leaves his body.”
“Why is he-” Sherlock waved his hands uselessly, trying to find the right words to describe his captor. “Like that?” His brain wasn’t functioning to its full capacity yet, and his lack of ability to form coherent sentences was irritating to say the least.
They had less than two weeks left together, and Sherlock intended to make the most out of every minute.
“Don’t.” Sherlock stepped back, his chest tight and breathing ragged. “Don’t lie to me John, not again.”
“John!” Greg shook John’s shoulder gently, pulling his attention to his friend. “John, you need to calm down. Your heart can’t take too much stress right now.”
“This is my house, and you two just barged in here uninvited, I can speak to you however I please. I have no interest in being courted, especially not by James Moriarty. Now if you would please leave, I have work to do.” He gestured for the door, trying desperately to appear calm. Moriarty grinned, appearing more interested than before.
John gasped as Sherlock stumbled into his arms, catching the taller boy before he fell. Sherlock blushed again, pushing out of John's arms and straightening his shirt, which had slipped off his shoulder.
A pair of lips, the ones he loved so much, crashed against his own, pulling a startled sound from his chest.
"Yeah, but not this soon." Sherlock froze, starting to chew on his bottom lip again. "Babe, talk to me, please-"
“Alright, time to get you home.” He paid the bill and wrapped John’s arm around his neck, grabbing the shorter man’s waist and hauling him from the bar. It was too late to catch a cab and they weren’t far from John’s flat, so Greg slowly led John down the sidewalk, trying to keep him from stumbling.
John hesitated, tugging at the hem of Sherlock's shirt for a moment. Sherlock nodded, letting John pull the shirt up and over his head. He fought back the urge to cover himself, feeling a deep blush rising over his chest and neck.
“His name was James.” Sherlock finally spoke, his voice no louder than a deep murmur as John massaged his chest and shoulders. Once they had arrived back at Sherlock’s flat, John coaxed the freezing man into the bath. Sherlock leaned himself back against John’s chest, relaxing into the feeling of John’s fingers massaging his shoulders and chest.
"Why don't you go see if Mrs. H will watch Rosie tonight? I think you and I need to talk." John said, smiling dangerously up at Sherlock, who would have rolled his eyes if the doctor hadn't reached around him and pinched his arse.
“Jesus Sherlock.” He whispered as he held the panicking man close, rocking him gently in his arms. “Who did this to you?”
“Of course, he is having a fit Greg, you’re a talking Candle.” The clock snapped, waddling closer to the terrified young man. Sherlock was aware that he had started to hyperventilate, as well as the tears that were falling from his eyes. Whether he was crying from pain or fear, he couldn’t be sure. “Now, what is your name young man?”
When they arrived, John was in shock. The place looked huge and old, leaving John feeling incredibly out of place.
“M-Mycroft? This is your brother?” John’s face heated further and he became very aware of the fact that his shirt was currently hanging off the back of the sofa.
"John?" Sherlock appeared at the top of the stairs, his cheeks flushed and brow furrowed in confusion. "I-I thought you were going to text me when you got here?" John grinned up at his boyfriend, his throat tightening as the younger boy made his way down the stairs.
"Bottom." John nodded and pushed at Sherlock's collarbone gently, guiding him back so he was lying in the middle of the bed. John made quick work of their trousers and pants before stopping completely, staring down at Sherlock with a look that made him squirm. "H-Have you e-ever-" John shook his head, his cheeks dark and eyes unsure.
“Not quite Captain.” John giggled, swatting Sherlock lightly on the arm. He was still lightheaded from Sherlock’s words. “I think they’re ready for us.”
“Why don’t you ask him yourself? You’re the doctor.” He heard the squeaky wheels of Mrs. Hudson’s cart as it left, leaving what sounded like a terrified beast, calling after her quietly.
"Sh-Sherlock," he gasped as he back hit the brick wall at the end of the alley. "My name is Sherlock." At thirty years old, Sherlock was not unfamiliar with sex. During his months living on the streets, he had experienced more rushed sex in darkened alleys than he cared to admit, but this was different. Sherlock was decidedly sober, and the boy was technically a client.
“Same here, think he’d appreciate a fruit basket?” Sherlock laughed, a deep, full-bodied laugh that filled John with joy. When they had finally settled down, the room was filled with a comfortable silence as they looked at each other.
“I damned near beat you to a pulp if I remember correctly.” Greg and Sherlock both jumped at the new voice. Mycroft stood in the door, a smug smirk on his face as he glanced between Sherlock and his body.
“Oh, yes dear, Sherlock is very open about his work. Came down to my apartment all in a flurry when he was slotted to work with you last month. Made me sit through one of your shorter videos.” John’s cheeks burned hotter than ever.
John’s arms were hoisted above his head, the sides of his face caked in dried blood and torn tissues. His body was bruised and broken and he swayed uneasily. Sherlock fought down a wave of nausea when he noticed the handle of a knife sticking out of John’s side.
“His touch would make your heart race dangerously due to the electricity it took to sustain him, but you ignored the pain and kept kissing him.” John knew he must look like a fool, but all he could do was nod and gape. “When you collapsed, he wanted nothing more than to help you, to try to restart your heart so he wouldn’t lose you. But he was the one that stopped your heart and it almost killed him knowing that he had killed you.”
Once he regained some of his wits, he opened his eyes, catching sight of Sherlock, still kneeling in front of him. He hadn’t touched himself, waiting for his Captain’s command. John grinned at him, cupping his cheek and kissing him softly.
"Got to love siblings, eh?" John chuckled, trying to hide his blush as he continued tending to Sherlock's feet.
“Why?” Sherlock chuckled, kissing John tenderly once more before backing away, taking out the watch from his pocket.
“G-87. That’s your shade, correct?” John looked back at Molly helplessly, unsure how to respond. She picked up a makeup brush and threw it at the sofa. A head of dark curls popped up from one of the ends, a low whine sounding from the figure. “Stop throwing things! You’re going to bruise me!”
He should have loved it, an attractive woman was attempting to snog him senseless against the kitchen counter, and his boyfriend was apparently fine with it.
Moriarty sliced and tore at John’s body for hours, drawing screams of agony and dead laughs from the former soldier.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock blushed, shrugging and fussing with the edge of his pillow. "John's mum is out of town, isn't she?" Sherlock felt his cheeks darken and he turned further away from his Godmother, not wanting to have this discussion with her. "Have you two-?" Sherlock pulled his knees to his chest and shook his head, embarrassment filling his body.
“So correct the info and let it go.” He pressed close to the taller man’s side and leaned up, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s ear. “I’m more than a little anxious to get home.” He whispered darkly in his lover’s ear, feeling the lanky man tense against him.
Sherlock gripped the blade tighter and spun, gracefully sinking the blade under Moriarty’s chin and into his skull.
John let out a sound of surprise, but returned the kiss enthusiastically, gripping Sherlock's hips tightly. Sherlock gasped and clung to the shorter boy's shoulders when John pushed him back, sending them both stumbling against the wall.
“Stay. Please.” He smiled down at the broken man in the bed, running his fingers through the messy curls and nodding.
“What are you saying?” Sherlock was thrown across the room, pain flowering in his back as he connected with the far wall. His body was pinned there, several feet above the ground as Mycroft stalked towards him. The older man looked furious, his face turning red and his body shaking.
Later that night, when John was about to suggest heading to bed, Sherlock spoke, his voice soft and sad.
“Just, keep reading. We’ve got to be getting close to figuring this out.”  John ignored the crushing fear that gripped his chest. It had been three weeks since they started looking, and they hadn’t found anything.
“I suppose this means you want my blessing?” John glanced around Sherlock, looking hopefully at Mycroft. “You don’t even need to ask, My Prince. My brother is yours if he chooses you.” John turned his gaze to Sherlock, hope filling his dark blue eyes.
"We can protect you, just tell us who is after you-" the boy shook his head, blinking rapidly as he backed out of the room. He looked terrified, his skin pale and eyes wide.
"Alright," Lestrade sighed again, looking nearly as uncomfortable as Sherlock felt. "So, what does John think about this?"
He quickly wrapped his hand and uttered the spell, lighting a match and dropping it in, watching as the herbs started to burn. There was a flash of light and puff of smoke and Sherlock cried out.
“And where the instruments start playing romantic music whenever two people so much as walk past the doors?”
"They're being intransigent, John. How am I supposed to solve the case when they keep botching the evidence?"
"Yes you do. Aren't you lucky?" John laughed, kissing Sherlock once more before the air was filled with the announcer's voice, telling all the dancers to report to the stage for Awards.
He dangled the man off the edge of the castle, feeling his anger rise as a morbid look of amusement flashed over Moriarty’s face.
"Yes, but this was not ideal." John laughed, kissing Sherlock again before stepping back, grabbing his bag and grinning up at the taller boy.
"Well, looks like I'm going to be making another tea. Want one?" Sherlock nodded, not trusting his voice. It was always like this, whenever John got frustrated. He would curse and Sherlock would lose control of his transport.
"Since when do you get nervous. Brother Mine?" Sherlock chuckled as Mycroft blushed, tugging the t-shirt on over his head.
They hadn't discussed what graduating would mean for their relationship, not really. John kept saying they would be fine, that things would work themselves out, and as much as Sherlock wanted to believe him, there was always that side of him that screamed that John was wrong.
"I'm aware of the damage that can occur. I simply forgot them at home and didn't have time to go back for them."
“How many nights does it keep you awake? The memories of his hands on you? Beating you? Touching you?”
"It means that he can have romantic feelings for either sex, but he only feels a sexual attraction for women." Greg was quiet for a moment, and Sherlock felt his irritation level soften slightly. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all.
"John really seems to like you, and when one of our brothers cares about someone, then we all care about that person." Sherlock blushed, chewing on his lip and staring at the ground. He jumped when a hand ruffled his hair, followed shortly by a cheerful laugh. "Welcome to the family Kid." Sherlock watched as Mikey walked away, a warmth swelling in his chest as John's words echoed in his mind.
“Really John? You’re choosing now to become shy?” He glared at Sherlock, pulling his shirt on. “I literally came all over your chest less than twenty minutes ago, I’m fairly certain we can bypass any pesky shyness.” Sherlock was leaning against the door frame, dressed in an expensive looking suit that had been tailored to fit him perfectly. His curls had been styled and other than the rather impressive bruise peaking out from the collar, there was no sign of his previous activities.
“Wait, how is Sherlock? Did he survive the trip?” There was a moment of hesitation and Mike felt his chest tighten.
“M-My shirt?” John hesitated, rubbing at his shoulder and fidgeting. He normally didn’t have an issue with people seeing his scar, but Sherlock Holmes was still watching him.
As he walked down the drive, he fought back the thoughts of their future, and tried not to focus on the pain he had seen in Sherlock's eyes when he talked of leaving.
"It's July." Joh laughed, the sound piercing the armor Sherlock had started reassembling around his heart.
“Of course, just relax. Everything is going to be fine.” Sherlock pursed his lips uncertainly, looking young and terrified. John took his hand and offered him a soft smile.
“I’m right here Love, we’re both here and both alive.” He whispered between kisses, feeling Sherlock’s body stop shaking and the Siren’s touch become more sure and steady. He pulled back and rested his head against Sherlock’s. “I love you.” He whispered, unable to contain a grin at the words as they left his lips.
"Those boys weren't my friends." John snapped, guilt lancing through his chest as Eurus flinched. "Sorry, I- I mean- if you wanted to file charges, I will support you. They had no right to do that." Eurus blushed, fixing her eyes on a point somewhere past John's head.
The young man drifted off to sleep, his mind plagued with adrenaline and fear, tainting and corrupting memories.
“But you can activate the exterior shield.” Sherlock tossed the Video Caller back to the deck, trying once again to stop John’s fingers from tearing the skin.
He stepped closer to John, taking his hand and smirking at the look of shock that crossed John’s face. He let himself be led to the middle of the floor. John swung him around, pulling him into his arms and holding him firmly against his chest.
"I am happy, you silly git." He whispered softly, nuzzling his nose along Sherlock's cheek, barely stifling a yawn. "Are you happy, Love?" Sherlock pressed up, catching John's lips in a firm kiss.
They spent their afternoons at a small coffee house, giggling and deducing things about the other people in the shop.
He finished shortly after, groaning darkly as he filled the condom and collapsed on top of Sherlock's spent form.
Sherlock ran up the stairs to one of the main towers, fighting against the pain in his chest. The wounds had re-opened and he was losing more blood, but he couldn’t stop. Moriarty had John and he had to save him. He stopped at a window, trying to see if he could find John.
“You’re a fucking idiot, you know that?” He whispered, placing his hands on Sherlock’s hips and pulling him close. “It was an accident Love. You didn’t do it on purpose. You saw your body and you freaked out, that’s all.” He pushed himself up on his toes, kissing Sherlock deeply, whimpering at the force of power that surged through his veins at the intimate touch.
Sherlock's fingers threaded into John's hair and he tried to thrust his hips, but found himself still pinned to the wall. He moaned loudly when he felt John's slick fingers pressing into him, spreading his legs just enough to give John more access as he pumped his fingers quickly within him. The combination of John's mouth sucking him off and his fingers within him sent him spiraling over the edge, spilling down John's throat.
“Father.” His voice held a warning that sent a terrifying chill down John’s spine. “That is enough.”
Despite the warning bells still blaring in his mind, Sherlock nodded, grinning back at John as the boyish grin returned to John's face.
John stumbled back as Moriarty lashed at him, the knife catching on his shirt as he narrowly avoided the blade.
“It’s an old spell, it was just for dramatic effect.” John laughed, finishing up with Greg’s hand and moving on to Molly.
John waited at the diner for nearly an hour, giving Sherlock time to work up the nerve. There was no doubt the kid was scared, he had every right to be.
"I'm going to fuck you so hard you scream my name as you come around my-" Sherlock shot to his feet, grabbing John's elbow and hauling him away from the crime scene. John laughed and let himself be dragged away. "See ya Greg!" He called back as Sherlock tugged him away.
“I sent a notice that you would be arriving at E6 to complete some tasks for me and would require full access to any equipment you desire.” Greg’s voice was soft and full of something Sherlock had a tough time placing. “You shouldn’t have any issues and if you do, just have them call me.”
“I have never been more sure. Please.” Mycroft sighed, releasing Sherlock’s body from its place on the wall. He fell to the floor in a heap, his legs giving out when they touched the ground. He scrambled over to John, kneeling beside him and placing a hand on his chest.
“John, I am setting you free.” John stopped pacing, turning back to look at Mary. There was a sadness in her eyes that John hadn’t seen since their fight.
“Don’t. Unless you mean it. I don’t want you to feel obligated to love me. You owe me nothing Sherlock, understand? I don’t want to take anything from you that isn’t offered wholeheartedly.” Sherlock kissed him again, gently licking into John’s mouth and sucking on his bottom lip. John whimpered softly and ran his fingers along Sherlock’s spine, pulling a shiver from his pale friend.
“Mycroft, God, I’m sorry.” His voice cracked as his boyfriend turned to grab him in a tight embrace, sobbing into his shoulder. “I’m so sorry.” Tears were slipping down his cheeks as he held the grieving man.
“He really hasn’t talked to you since the hospital?” Greg asked, waving at the waitress and ordering two more beers. John had asked Greg if he wanted to meet for a pint, unable to take the quiet of the flat any longer.
“What the hell have you done?” The thunderous voice growled, sending sparks of panic throughout Sherlock’s body. “Will someone please turn on the damned lights?” The lights flickered on and Sherlock whimpered at the sight of his captor.
"You can say no Love, I don't want to push you-" Sherlock shook his head, blushing as he pressed a timid kiss to John's lips.
“Fuck off.” John sighed heavily, glancing helplessly at his phone, wishing he had an excuse to tell Greg no. “Fine, but you can’t stay for long. I have to be at Bart’s early tomorrow.” Greg grinned and quickly finished his drink, dropping a few notes on the table before hurrying to follow John.
“A-And then, when he was confident I was fully recovered, he tried to kill me.” John sobbed, muffling his cries against the moist skin of Sherlock’s shoulder. He could hear the tears in Sherlock’s own voice and clung desperately to the younger man, trying to comfort him, to let him know that he was alright.
"Love you too Tiny Dancer. Now, lets get dressed and go have a horrifically uncomfortable breakfast with your parents."
“Fine, I’ll tell him you want to talk. Meet him in the ballroom at eight o’clock. Dress nicely, the Harpsichord hates it when you don’t dress appropriately when you enter his room.” Lestrade leapt off the counter, leaving a confused Sherlock behind.
The ball was beautiful, all the people of the town gathered in their finest clothes to see the Prince wed his groom.
“Questions later! Green button, now!” Sherlock slammed his fist down onto the only green button, yelping in shock as the small Star Sailor shot forward. “Hang on Gorgeous!” John leapt to the side of the boat and spun it, sending the ship careening past The Spider’s ship, shooting away into the empty space.
"Yeah? Well your feet say otherwise." Sherlock huffed, but stopped squirming, letting John carry him off the dance floor. "How about I get your feet sorted, then I'll dance Harry's part for you? Sound good?" Sherlock giggled reluctantly, shaking his head and burying his face in John's neck. "What? I can dance!" John put on his best affronted voice, making Sherlock giggle a little harder.
“No! John! John please!” He wrenched himself free of Victor’s grasp and scrambled away, tripping over the rug and falling heavily to the floor.
“Well, you’ve already almost killed me once, I’d say you owe me.” As soon as the words left his mouth, he regretted saying them. Sherlock hesitated, almost stopping fully as John scrambled to try to come up with a way to retract the words. “N-No, no Babe, I’m sorry. That was stupid, I-I shouldn’t have said that-” Sherlock chewed at his bottom lip and frowned, still far too tense. John pulled him to a stop and gripped the taller man’s hip tightly, pulling him close. “Hey, hey look at me Love.” Sherlock blinked down at him, meeting his eyes almost reluctantly. John slid one hand up to rest against his cheek, holding his gaze and smiling softly.
“Mikey, calm down. I’m fine, Sherlock was there. He dragged my ass out of the storm. Listen, I need a favor.”
“My Great-Great Grandfather drew this one. It’s the spot where he met his wife. Claimed it was the most romantic spot in the universe, and that meeting her, amongst those stars, had given him a reason to live. I used to look at it when I was struggling as a teen, and while in the army.” He smiled timidly and shrugged, fighting the blush that rose at Sherlock’s perplexed gaze. “Sentiment, I guess.” Sherlock smiled and placed the book in front of him, kneeling before it and furrowing his brow in concentration.
“Please shut up, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock looked as embarrassed as John felt as he stumbled into his flat.
They reached his flat and Greg unceremoniously dropped John to the pavement, ringing the bell for the landlady’s flat. Mrs. Hudson answered, looking concerned when she saw John’s unconscious form on the ground.
“I told you to stay out.” A soft voice whispered from the darkness, causing curiosity to fill the young man. “No, I don’t care. The last thing we want is for him to waken and see you. Now, get out.” Sherlock pried open his eyes, scanning the room and processing everything as quickly as his pain addled mind could.
“Yes, I fired him only hours before-” Mycroft hesitated, seemingly unsure as to how to continue. John nodded, turning to watch the fire that crackled in front of him. He fought back an overwhelming wave of sadness. “If Moriarty did something to Sherlock, he won’t go back there. He will get lost on the trail and you won’t find him this time.”
"We need to talk about this." John was leaning against the door frame, his eyebrows quirked and lips pulled up in a cocky smirk.
He made it home and set his new book down on the counter, a safe distance from his experiments, and started bustling about the kitchen. He was about to start an experiment when there was a knock at the door.
Sherlock's feet were covered in blisters and the skin was torn along the side of his big toe on his left foot. John sent a disapproving glare at the younger boy, who blushed and chewed his lip.
“Mother, please. I’m fine. John has taken excellent care of me.” Sherlock sent John a devious grin as Mrs. Holmes spun towards him, gripping him in an intense hug, nearly lifting him off the ground.
“What is going on here?” A new voice came from the doorway, the heavy looking piece of wood propped open to reveal an ornate looking Mantle Clock.
"Relax Brother Dear, John is on his way. He just had to drop his little sister off at home. Sit down, relax a little, maybe try unclenching for once." Mycroft rolled his eyes but sat, studying his younger brother carefully.
"Get your grubby shoes off my dance floor." John laughed, pulling Sherlock close and leaning up to press a deep kiss to his lips. "S-Seriously, you're going to ruin the wax." John laughed again and kissed Sherlock once more before stepping off the floor, grabbing his bag and motioning for Sherlock to come closer.
“Why not? Mycroft made some good points, and its not like you have any issue with me working, right?” John snapped, pushing Sherlock away and smirking darkly. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t sign my life over to your brother?”
“Very well, I will be in touch. Mummy is expecting you for dinner on Sunday, Brother Mine.” He turned to walk out, pausing just at the threshold. “Bring your companion. I’m sure Mummy would love to hear how you two met.” With that, he left, leaving John and Sherlock alone.
“Oh, look at that Sherlock, your little pet thinks he can save you! He’s dead Dr. Watson, or he will be very soon.” John ignored the lilting voice of Moriarty as he started pulling items from his duffle bag.
He slid down the wall, his entire body shaking with shock. He buried his face in his hands and allowed violent sobs to wrack his frame.
"S-So what- what did they do to her- him, shit- I-I mean, is she- he! Damn it! Is he alright?" John snorted, placing an arm around his friend's shoulders and leading him out onto the practice field.
As the time wore on, Sherlock started to relax, the conversation flowing easily and effortlessly between them.
It was stunning. John looked around himself, breathless and unable to contain his awe-struck grin. He laughed, pushing to his feet and spinning, taking in the new galaxy Sherlock had created for him.
He shot out the door, locking it behind him before running down to the stables. He saddled his horse as fast as he could.
"I was actually suggesting we blow off the dance so we could stay home and blow each other, but if you'd rather watch Doctor Who, that is fine as well." John snorted, dropping his head against Sherlock's shoulder and hugging him close, laughing into the taller boy's shirt.
Sherlock had lost track of how long they stayed like that, hands wandering and stealing passionate kisses, when John finally pulled away, sitting up and tugging Sherlock into a sitting position.
"I told you, I don't know what you want from me." Sherlock rolled his eyes, sending the boy a irritated glare as he settled heavily back against the chair.
"Fuck Love, you are the most gorgeous thing I have ever seen." He mumbled, climbing onto the bed and slowly making his way along Sherlock's body, leaving a trail of bruises and marks everywhere his lips touched the skin.
“I got sick of your moping. You have no idea how irritating it is to have to listen to you whine about John Watson for years on end.” John blushed when Sherlock looked down at him, both men suddenly becoming aware of their positions. John was kneeling in front of Sherlock, looking up at him. He quickly scrambled to his feet, his cheeks darkening as he realized just how close he was to the taller man.
“You know Sherlock,” the man pulled his wrist out of Sherlock’s grip, stepping back just slightly, “as much as I have enjoyed you playing hard to get, its getting boring,” Sherlock felt pain flare in his cheek as Moriarty drew back and punched him. “It’s been fun, but daddy’s had enough now!” He tried to escape, but Moriarty pressed his hand against the wounds on Sherlock’s chest. He cried out and felt his knees buckle at the pain. “Oh, what’s this?” Moriarty tore his shirt open, revealing the bandages.
“I thought I told you to show me what that pretty mouth of yours can do.” Sherlock’s eyes widened further and he licked his lips.
“Goodbye Sherlock. I love you.” He fled the apartment before Sherlock could say anything else. He knew that Sherlock hated it when he would avoid him like that, but there wasn’t anything he could do. He was so madly in love with the crazy young man that felt nothing for him. He hailed a cab and watched as Sherlock stood by the window, watching him as he was driven away.
When it came time for Harry's performance, John's mother swatted the back of his head, making sure he was focusing. It was Harry's first performance without the whole group, and despite his complaining, John knew it was a big deal. She had been paired with one of the senior dancers in the troupe, and was apparently terrified about dancing with the older student.
“It’s a psychic link, he’s a Seer. The seal acts as a connection. As long as the seal is whole he can connect to it.”
"Sod off Greg!" John laughed, turning back to face his boyfriend, his heart sinking as he saw the fear in the younger boy's face. "What's wrong?"
“Well, not yet at least.” The wardrobe shuffled towards him, moving far more gracefully than a massive cabinet should be able to. “My name is Irene. What’s yours?”
“Save him John!” He threw open the door to the Far Wing, the dust swirling heavily as he lowered Sherlock’s unconscious form onto the bed.
Sherlock stood in front of the school announcement board, reading the latest bulletin and fussing with his biology textbook. Graduation was in three weeks, and the whole school was buzzing about it.
“You’re sure this man loves us?” Sherlock nodded, dropping to his knees and heaving a great sob, clutching his stomach and rocking to try to ease his way into death.
“No!” John latched onto Sherlock’s arm, keeping him close. “Please don’t leave again. Please. I miss you.”
"Ms. Watson left an hour ago. I uh- I'm a-a friend of Mr. Watson's." The doctor sent him a skeptical glare, but glanced at the clipboard in his hands. "Is- is he okay?" The doctor sighed, shaking his head as he scribbled something on the chart.
“You look the same.” John could feel his body start to tremble as Sherlock’s fingers found his chin and pulled his face up to meet his.
“Pleasure to meet you Sherlock. My name is Lestrade. My partner will be here shortly to explain everything. How is your pain level?”
“You Know, I’m fine with you taking a few days if you need it every once a while, but this is ridiculous.”
"She- she wanted you to-" his words were cut short by John's lips, pressing against his own softly. "I-I don't like her." He mumbled, blushing darker as John laughed.
They lay together for a long while, basking in each other's joy and fighting off the weight of sleep that threatened to take them both.
John broke the kiss, breathing heavily and flushed. Sherlock whined and tried to close the gap again, but John kept him just out of reach.
Mycroft knew his little brother was planning something, Sherlock would never just ask him to have dinner with them, no matter what his new boyfriend offered him. He only agreed to join them because he wanted to get to know this John character.
“Let him go!” Sherlock cried, lunging at his brother, pushing him off balance and forcing him against the wall. If anyone could free John from death it was Death himself.
But there was another part of him, a part he was unfamiliar with, that told him he could trust this strange creature. That John wouldn’t hurt him.
"Do you think John is unhappy?" Lestrade somehow managed to look even more uncomfortable as he patted the back of Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock froze, coming to a halt just before a massive pair of doors. He had found the exit, but wouldn’t leave if John was about to tell him he had given up.
He stumbled upon an old, rusted door. Memories of his death starting to flood back. He had locked himself in the darkest corner of his mind palace to avoid the pain. He took a deep breath and grabbed the handle, forcing the door open. He was greeted with a morbid sight.
"I love you too Tiny Dancer." John pulled his hips back, gently slipping out a few inches and pressing back in.
“He has a strong moral compass, came from a bad home. He had to adapt to survive, and thus stands out from the other humans. People are drawn to him, unable to resist his, charms, but he can’t bring himself to truly love. All his connections are emotionless on his part, even if his partner develops feelings, which they always do. He would rather die than hurt the people that care for him.” Mycroft’s eyes caught Sherlock’s and pinned him in place. “He is suicidal, isn’t he Sherlock?”
“What was it then? Why did his heart stop Sherlock?” Sherlock flinched as the other man’s voice took on a harsh tone.
When John first moved into the flat, he didn’t notice anything strange or amiss. This lovely little flat on Baker street, that came fully furnished and full of strange items. The landlady, Mrs. Hudson, told him that he could keep the furniture if he wanted, but he wasn’t allowed to throw any of the clutter out. All she would say in explanation was that she knew the young man it all had belonged to and he might return for it one day. So, John left everything where it was. Its not like he had a lot of stuff to fill an empty flat.
"Watson has been going on about your dancing for days, and how much he missed you and wished he could be here, so we made up a class trip and brought him here." Mikey said, clapping a hand on each of their shoulders, grinning up at Sherlock. "Seriously though Mate, that was amazing." Sherlock blushed and smiled, glancing around at his new friends. "We'll give you two a minute." Mikey ushered everyone out, winking at the pair before shutting the door and leaving John and Sherlock alone.
“Better than, Love.” He whispered, enjoying the grin that Sherlock gave him. Sherlock glanced at his hand and his brow furrowed again. Sherlock’s hand rose to hover just above John’s, sending a strange chill along John’s spine.
“Well I’ll be dammed.” The Beast bared his teeth, and it took far too long for Sherlock to realize he was grinning. “You really are just like Mycroft, aren’t you?” Sherlock furrowed his brow in confusion.
He felt the familiar surge of energy in the tips of his ears and looked forward, barely catching sight of the massive energy wave looming over him before it crashed into him. He was knocked from the boat, falling through the stars as the storm absorbed all the gravity in the surrounding skies.
“Sherlock!” He heard the cry at the same instant he saw Moriarty fire the gun. Instantly after, he felt the dull, thudding impact of a bullet hitting his chest.
"You won't." Not the whole truth, Sherlock knew logically that there was no way to escape the pain, but he also knew that John would do everything in his power to ensure Sherlock enjoyed himself. "I trust you." Sherlock kissed John again, gently coaxing him out of his mind. He needed John to be confident if this was going to work.
One day, while John was helping him sort through files for a case, John knocked over a stack of files, scattering the newly organized papers across the sitting room floor.
"What's going on here?" A vaguely familiar voice startled Anderson, who backed away and spun, revealing a few of the Rugby players, led by John's friend Gavin.
Sherlock spun back to face him, this time looking curious and slightly flustered. John watched as a blush seemed to take over the pale skin of Sherlock’s neck and face, making him look younger and more approachable.
“Five minutes!” The man looked irritated, but left. Sherlock gave a self-satisfied smile at the now-closed door before turning around, stepping closer to John and waving Molly aside. He spun John’s chair around, leaning down until he was inches away from John’s face.
“You guys need to get out of here, now.” Sherlock’s blood ran cold at the fear he could see in the shorter man’s eyes. John looked confused, stepping closer to his friend and glancing back at Sherlock.
“How’ve you been? I heard you got discharged. We sure miss you out on the field, you and your crazy ass sailing technique.” John laughed awkwardly, Sherlock could see the blush on his cheeks and would have thought it were cute if he weren’t so focused on trying to breathe right now.
"Holy fuck." John whispered, and though Sherlock wasn't looking at him, he knew the boy's face was twisted in awe. Sherlock cried out again as John's fingers brushed his prostate once more, nearly sending him spiraling over the edge.
"I don't want to hear it! Get the fuck out of here before I kick your arses." The group of boys shuffled away, leaving John and Eurus alone in the locker room.
“It’s not unrequited, John loves you too.” Dying Sherlock turned back to face him, his brow crinkled in confusion.
Sherlock felt a wave of nausea and stumbled back, rubbing at his eyes and shaking his head. He heard John laughing, and tugged at his curls, trying desperately to dispel the image from his mind.
She was tall, thin, pale, and looked as though she weighed about six stone soaking wet. She was pretty, with pale eyes, dark hair and high cheekbones. Not normally John's type, but there was something rather magnetic about her.
"I love you too, Tiny Dancer." Relief flooded Sherlock and he curled up against his boyfriend, his mind blissfully quiet, and a dull ache forming in his arse.
And that is the end of another one of my AUs!!! I hope you guys like it!! I'm writing another one now that I will post once it's finished.
“Who are you bound to?” Molly asked, causing everyone in the room to freeze. Sherlock leaned forward in his chair and smirked at the girl.
When John finally dropped Sherlock off at his home, it was nearly one O'clock in the morning, and the younger boy looked as though he was going to pass out in the passenger's seat.
"Yes, I believe we had some classes together last year." Greg blinked, mildly shocked that the other boy remembered him.
“Listen John, I’ve downloaded the data on the tissues like you asked, but there is a problem. Your friend’s DNA was in the system. He has three different bounties on his head. His name is Sherlock Holmes and he is the Siren prince. The one that killed all those people a few years back.” Sherlock’s chest tightened and he stumbled back against the boat.
“Nothing is showing up on my end. Must not be in the systems. Send me samples of the tissues and I’ll analyze it for you.”
“And I am Mrs. Hudson. Drink up Dear, she won’t break.” Sherlock obeyed, wincing as the action irritated his wounds some more. He sipped the tea, all the while listening to the cup chat.
“Shit, right. Sorry, uh, c-come on in Greg.” He stepped around Sherlock, letting his friend into the flat. “Sherlock, this is Greg. Greg, this is-”
Sherlock was bored. Not that that was an unusual occurrence. The young man was always bored. There was nothing to do in the tiny town he had chosen to live in, and he once again regretted his choice.
“Yep. There was nothing left for me back there, so I left.” Sherlock was quiet for a long while, staring at John with an intensity that left him squirming.
“Hey Sherlock. Moriarty wanted me to tell you that if you aren’t here before the first sun sets tonight, he will do to me what he did to you, then make me hunt you down and tear you apart, then listen to your song until what is left of my mind fades.” Sherlock fought back a sob when John’s eyes caught his through the camera. “Don’t bother coming Gorgeous, I’m not worth it. Just let him kill me, it’s easier that way-”
“N-No. I-I’m dead. I died twenty years ago.” Sherlock started to flicker, unable to control his form under the weight of the news.
“You were defending your sister against a violent man. You were fighting for your people. You are not a bad man, John.”
“Sherlock’s not coming. Not after what I did to him.” Moriarty tilted his head to the side, stepping close to John and eyeing him curiously. “Go ahead, you might as well just kill me now. He’s not coming and I have no reason to live, so just get it over with.” Moriarty grinned and John felt searing pain as the man sunk a long blade into his side.
"Yeah, I had no idea. Do you have a favourite?" Sherlock didn't bother to fight the smile that crossed his face.
John wanted to be with Sherlock, he wanted to date him and be seen in public with him. He wanted to get to know everything about Sherlock, had even been aroused by the sound that had escaped him moments before.
John lived on the third floor, a tiny little bedsit that consisted of a kitchen, bathroom, and sitting room/bedroom. The whole thing was less than half the size of Sherlock's own place, and there were almost no personal belongings.
“And what about me?” The look of sadness that crossed her face told Sherlock everything he needed to know. “I love him. Set him free.”
“John-” Sherlock’s cry was cut short as one of the tentacles wound tightly around his middle, whipping the Siren off the boat and into deep space. The attacking creature released John’s Star Sailor and followed, playing some sort of game as it batted Sherlock through the sky.
“I’m tempted to do just that. You are one ungrateful son of a bitch, you know that? Get back to your room.”
"You know what? I don't care right now, I just really want you to fuck me." Sherlock laughed and moved into position, slicking his fingers and taking the head of John's member between his lips.
He had been kicked out of the room when Sherlock’s heart monitors started wailing, and no one was telling him anything. He asked every nurse that came from the direction of Sherlock’s room if he could see his friend, but since he wasn’t family, they wouldn’t talk to him. He called Greg, hoping he could convince him to call Mycroft.
“Sherlock!” He could hear John yelling for him, sending another flare to panic through his mind. He kicked his horse into a gallop, tearing from the stables. “Sherlock! Stop! You’ll get hurt!”
“Yes Captain.” John’s head dropped back against the back of the sofa as Sherlock’s cold fingers gripped him, stroking him gently a few times before taking him into his mouth.
"Captain of the team, eh? Not exactly a long-term career, is it?" Mr. Holmes calmly set his fork down beside his plate and smiled at John, sending terror sparking through his mind. "What are your plans for after school, John?"
Once he felt confident that Sherlock was coming down, he pushed the pile of limbs off his chest before standing. He gathered Sherlock in his arms and helped him into the bathroom. He ran a shower for them both, cleaning their mess tenderly and thoroughly, taking care with Sherlock’s wound. Once they were both clean, he pulled the sleepy young man from the shower and dried him off before walking him into the bedroom.
"Breathe Love, you need to breathe." John whispered, placing soft kisses over Sherlock's face and neck.
“Hey Sherlock, I was thinking maybe we could order pizza tonight? I know a great little place a few blocks from here-”
“Grab John’s Tablet and turn it on.” Sherlock followed the instructions, ignoring the blood that coated his hands and smudged over the Tablet screen. “I’m going to hack into his mainframe and override the system. Once the shield is up it should block out whatever is doing that to John. He can help you from there.” Sherlock nodded and returned to trying to stop John. His head started aching again as The Spider’s voice started humming in his ear.
"Please do." The air between them changed, shifting and darkening into something dangerous and exciting. John smirked, licking his lips and feeling a sense of glee flood him as Sherlock blushed, blinking rapidly and fussing with his sleeves.
"Fuck- Sherlock, please- I-I need-" John was nearly incoherent by the time Sherlock reached his third finger, rocking his hips and gripping the sheets.
“People are idiots.” John laughed, feeling less self-conscious as Molly started his makeup. “You have no need to be ashamed of your scar, John. It’s-” Sherlock blushed deeper, shuffling his feet and tugging at his sleeves. “I-It’s-”
It wasn't as though Sherlock hadn't called John Daddy before, because he always did when talking to Rosie, but something about this time was different.
"Hope I'm not interrupting boys." The vaguely familiar voice of one of John's Rugby mates made Sherlock's cheeks burn even darker with embarrassment.
He had bailed on dinner and swimming with the group in favor of Skyping John, hoping he would get a bit of privacy.
“Get out!” A familiar voice shouted, the sound followed shortly by a crashing sound. A pair of nurses stumbled out of the room, ducking as a tray of food hit the wall above their heads. “Let me out of here!” John rose to his feet, knowing he couldn’t do anything, but ready just in case.
“No Sherlock. No, we- we can’t.” The pale man blushed, stepping back slightly. John watched hurt fill the pale eyes of his friend.
“Mike still has feelings for you.” Sherlock kicked himself internally. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. John blushed and sighed, resting his elbows on the railing of the bridge they were crossing.
“Oi! No need to be rude!” The Siren looked at him curiously, shifting forwards and smirking lightly. His eyes were almost silver and seemed to hold the entire galaxy within their depths. “I-I just- I have some- some questions.”
“Good enough. Now, come on, lets get you to bed.” He pulled Sherlock off the wall and led him down the hall.
"If only." Sherlock mumbled, fussing with his t-shirt and glaring at the floor between them. "At least Harriet's being subtle about it. My brother wouldn't be so kind." Warning bells sounded in the back of John's mind, and he glanced up at Sherlock, his chest tightening as his eyes met the younger boy's.
Sherlock was dressed in a perfectly tailored suit, the jacket and trousers black with a silver trim. His shirt was a dark, rich purple that made his already porcelain skin look perfect in the glittering lights of the ballroom. Lestrade must have enlisted Irene to choose an outfit for him. He would have to remember to thank her later.
Sherlock shivered against the wind that tore through his frame as he galloped along the trail. He could feel the heaviness of a storm settling in.
"You do know this doesn't just affect you, right?" Sherlock blinked down at John, shock flooding his veins. He had seen how aroused John was earlier, but thought that had just been a reaction to his own arousal. "Hearing you say that, Christ, it was so hot." Sherlock blushed, shifting his legs so his feet rested on either side of John's knees. "Though, the thought of you acting like a baby-"
His eyes were empty and when he started speaking, Sherlock felt an unpleasant chill trace over his body.
“You will have to ask John. He is my doctor.” John felt his chest tighten as the odd mix of affection and protectiveness he heard in Sherlock’s voice. He cleared his throat and straightened as much as he could.
"Yes Mummy, we'll be right down." Realization flashed through John, followed closely by a burning mortification.
“Dance with me?” John’s paw stretched out to Sherlock, sending sparks of something unfamiliar up and down his spine. What was happening to him?
"Give me a kiss, and I'll tell you." Sherlock pulled back and pressed a soft kiss to his boyfriend's lips, blushing when the team whistled. "I wanted to see you dance. I asked Mikey to borrow his car, then his dad wound up lending us his van, so everyone came." The team filled the room with boos and laughter, making John blush and confusing Sherlock more.
"I don't mind letting people watch me fuck you, you know that? I like letting people know that I can make you so desperate that you can't even wait until you get home." Sherlock squirmed and started shakily listing his deductions. "How hard are you right now? Are you thinking about me fucking you behind the dumpster?"
“I’ve been practicing.” He grinned, tears pricking at the backs of his eyes. He was finally touching Sherlock Holmes.
“There is fluid in his lungs. Prep my needles, I need to extract it.” Greg leaped into action, using the heat from his flame to sterilize the instruments. John cleaned the wounds on Sherlock’s chest and thighs, taking extra care to ensure the skin around the injuries was cleaned and ready for him to pierce it with his needle.
“Not now John.” John had seen most of Sherlock’s moods, but this one was different, scary almost. It reminded him of some of the younger man’s darker videos.
He grabbed the mainsail rope, tugging the sail open and pulling the boat into the direction he needed it to go. He knew his technique was risky, leaping from one edge to the other like that, but it was faster and more precise if it was done correctly. And John was known for his precision.
"Care to share?" Lestrade snapped, clearly not impressed with how long Sherlock was taking to answer.
This wasn’t right. Something was wrong, he should have been dead by now, not feeling more pain than before. His chest was burning and it felt as though the skin was crawling around. He wanted to scream, to tear at the irritated flesh until the pain stopped.
“What am I going to do Greg?” John whined, dropping his head to the table with a painful thud. “This fucking ghost is getting worse.” He had told his buddy Greg about his little ghost problem, and now he spent most nights at the pub with his friend.
“No. As your doctor and your, whatever the fuck I am to you, I can’t let you just wander the streets this late at night-”
John spun Sherlock around, backing him up against the desk. Sherlock gasped, breaking the kiss as John lifted him onto the desk, sending his logs and personal items crashing to the floor.
“I’m Death Dr. Watson, even your fancy little toy can’t kill me.” John heard a scuffling and turned to face Sherlock, watching as he stood, straightening his shirt and dusting himself off.
“I-I woke up, Sherlock wanted to talk. We were- oh God, Greg, where is he?” Greg stood, coming closer and placing a hand on John’s shoulder. “God, he must feel so terrible. This wasn’t his fault, I was already hungover- where is he Greg?”
"You're Sherlock, right?" The other boy asked, stepping closer and raking his eyes over Sherlock's body, making his chest tighten uncomfortably as he nodded timidly. "I'm Jim." The other boy smirked almost shyly, shoving his hands into his pockets and bouncing on his heels. "I'm a friend of Mycroft's."
“Please tell me you want this as badly as I do John. Tell me I haven’t misread this.” Sherlock whispered, looking slightly helpless. John grinned and pulled the younger man down for a tender kiss. “Tell me what I can do, John. Please, tell me.” Sherlock spoke through gentle kisses, and John felt a spark of excitement light in his gut.
“I feel bad. He knows why I left and I think he blames himself. He tried so hard to help me, and knowing that he can’t hurts him. I don’t want to hurt Mikey, I wanted to be the right one for him, I tried. But I’m too broken and I didn’t want him to be the one that found me when it happened.” John wiped his eyes and Sherlock caught sight of the tear that caught on his finger. “I couldn’t hurt him like that.” They stood in silence for a while, Sherlock thinking over what John had said.
“I have a feeling we will be doing this again very soon, Captain Watson.” Sherlock pulled away, sauntering out of the room without so much as a glance behind him.
Sherlock watched John sleeping on the sofa, pondering Gavin’s words. He feared hurting John again. He allowed himself to flicker closer to his sleeping lover, standing just past arms length away. John yawned and stretched, making a soft dinosaur-like noise as he did. Sherlock smiled, feeling affection growing at the action. He loved watching John sleep.
John leaped across the boat and forced open one of the crates, pulling out his energy bow and turning it on. It was illegal to kill a Hope, but John could see that Sherlock had been knocked unconscious, and there was no way he could let that beautiful creature die in the arms of a Hope.
“Dinner is ready boys.” Sherlock’s mother called, making her way to the end of the table and motioning for everyone to sit. “Take your seats, John you can sit next to William and Greg you are next to Myc.” Everyone sat, John feeling more uncomfortable than he had in a while when he realized how close he was to Mrs. Holmes.
He loved watching Sherlock's face as he entered him, seeing the different emotions pass over the younger boy's face making his heart swell with love.
He heard a soft knocking on his door, and frantically adjusted his blankets. He hadn’t bothered to put his shirt back on after The Beast left earlier, and now he was regretting that decision.
“Go home and-” John laughed and bit Sherlock’s shoulder playfully, enjoying the feeling of the taller man laughing against him.
“Sherlock! I didn’t think you would be home.” Moriarty purred as he forced his way into the flat. Moran followed close behind, shoving Sherlock out of his way.
"Fuck me." There was no frustration or anger behind the words, yet Sherlock physically flinched at them. He turned to face his friend and noticed the change in his behaviour.
“Sorry. Not good?” Sherlock asked, sounding sheepish and slightly hurt. John shook his head, smiling at the pale man next to him.
Lestrade went to talk to John next, a plan formulating in his head. He found The Beast in the Far Wing.
“No.” The Siren pushed himself to his feet, hurt and rage filling his body. “What happened to you John? What stole your Life Force?” He stepped closer to the human that had captured his mind and took his face in his hands, wishing he could take the young man’s burdens. John stared blankly at him for a moment, before Sherlock watched him deliberately fill his eyes with remorse.
"So, your saying that you didn't mean it?" John asked, stopping Sherlock in his tracks. "If I were to say those two little words again, you wouldn't haul me into the bedroom and pound me into the mattress?" Sherlock felt his body try to react to John's words, but fought back the urges. It was a test, John was testing him somehow.
"Tomorrow would be best." John suggested, yawning and stretching again, subtly winking at Sherlock. "I think we are both going to slip into a coma as soon as you guys are gone." Lestrade nodded, waving his men out of the flat and thanking Sherlock and John before leaving, closing the door behind him.
When their tongues met, something changed, the kiss moved from soft and comforting, to desperate and heated.
This time, Greg looked up, not missing the flash of green on the heart monitor next to Sherlock’s head.
John was nervous. It wasn’t as though this was his first big production, he had been asked to do a few bigger films now, but for some reason this one was freaking him out. He read the paper he had been clinging to again, making sure he was reading it right.
"Trick you into coming under here then kiss you." John felt his chest swell as Sherlock's cheeks darkened and he fussed with his coat collar.
"She's not a client, John." The little voice at the back of his mind reminded him of what Sherlock had talked about the other night. "This is Brittany." The woman stood, stalking closer to John, causing him to back into the kitchen, dropping the bags onto the table and shifting uncomfortably as Brittany pressed closer, nearly pushing him against the counter.
The boy was gone by the time Sherlock managed to recover. He cursed, spinning and slamming his fist into the wall.
Sherlock gasped as an image of himself blinked into view, glaring at his wrists. This was John’s Sherlock, the one he wanted back so desperately.
“You’re safe here, Sherlock. This isn’t real.” Victor pulled away, smiling sadly at him. “We can be happy here. In this moment.” Victor’s hands were on his cheeks, pulling him forward and kissing him tenderly. “Let me take care of you.” Sherlock shook his head, fighting against the urge to return the kisses.
"A few hours." Sherlock groaned and threw himself back onto the mattress dramatically, covering his eyes with his arm.
"No. They're low sugar and have no hidden preservatives. It's fine that she has another one." Sherlock scowled and ripped his hand away, his face slipping into that trademark pout that John had come to love.
“I agreed to let you summon Death so you can try to bring me back into a life that I deliberately removed myself from. Why would I do that for anything else but love?” John felt his cheeks burn, knowing that was the closest thing to a complement he would ever get from Sherlock Holmes.
"Alright Baby?" Sherlock felt a swell of emotion at the question. John, sweet, perfect John, always could tell when he was getting overwhelmed. He smiled softly and nodded, kissing John again.
“I’ll message you when the sample finishes processing.” Mike stated before he left, clapping John and Sherlock on the back before hurrying off to the lab.
If there was one thing John Watson knew about Sherlock Holmes, it was how easily the detective could be turned on. With a few whispered words and well-timed touches, John could have the normally composed detective a quivering mess of desperate whimpers and pleas.
“I’m not really sure. I was positive I had died more than twenty years ago until Gavin told us otherwise.”
"Hey, Love." He whispered, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. "You solved the case." Sherlock grinned, cupping John's cheek and kissing him, slightly deeper than the last one. "God, I love watching you work, makes me want to bend you over whatever surface I can find and fuck you until you scream." Sherlock whined, pressing closer and threading his fingers in John's hair.
“You never mentioned that you were married.” John laughed, pulling his new husband tight against him.
"John? What's happening? Have you brought me out here to kill me?" John laughed, putting the car in park and winking at his boyfriend.
"Not your fault. You can't help how my body reacts to you." John winked at him before stepping back raising his hands and grinning boyishly. "No pressure, remember? I'm going to let you choose when. Come on Tiny Dancer, we've got shows to binge."
He pushed himself up to his elbows, shaking his head and blinking away the fog that clouded his vision.
“That’s him, isn’t it? He’s yelling at you, isn’t he? He can hear me.” John’s face lit up in a brilliant smile, and Sherlock’s stomach tied itself into knots. “Sherlock, you brilliant bastard! You’ve got to fight Love. Try and break out of there Babe. Show him your memories Love. Show him us.”
“He must have tainted the tissues somehow. That would explain the infections my Scanner picked up. It labels anything foreign in the tissues as an infection, especially if it can’t identify what it is.” John reached for one of the crates and pried it open, pulling out his tablet and typing in some data.
It hurt badly when Mike took his scalpel and cut a chunk of tissue from the burn, but Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and fought the instinct to squirm. Within seconds, the burn replaced the missing tissue and the sharp stinging was gone, returning to the dull ache of injured muscles.
"You're the leading expert on relationships." Lestrade sighed heavily, sitting back in his chair and rubbing his hands over his face. Sherlock took a seat across from the DI, the knot that had been forming in his stomach tightening further. "This is all new to me and I don't want to mess it up."
“Fuck!” John reached for his kit, pulling out his stethoscope. He fit it into his ears and pressed it against Sherlock’s chest, right above his left lung. He listened, tapping the area a few times with one of his fingers.
"J-John-" John hesitated, pulling back slightly to give Sherlock some room to escape if he wanted to.
“I’m sure you know my name by now, Miss Adler.” The wardrobe walked around him, clucking her tongue as her eyes raked over his form.
When he had first caught sight of John, he was convinced that his heart had stopped. Blue was a great color on The Beast.
“He ran because of me, Mycroft! I told him I thought he was attractive and he freaked out! He isn’t going to want me anywhere near him.” John felt his heart shatter as he lost sight of the young man. He dropped to his knees and held his head in his hands.
“Fuck Sherlock.” He moaned as he watched the young man between his knees. He had almost forgotten just how talented Sherlock’s mouth was. He seemed to know all the right places to drive John insane with need. “Oh, you’re a good little soldier, aren’t you Sherlock?” He felt it as Sherlock moaned around him, sending pleasant vibrations along his shaft. He tangled his fingers in the dark curls, tugging just hard enough to pull a moan from the younger man. “God, I can’t wait until you’re healed. The things I’m going to do to you.” Sherlock whimpered, pulling off John’s member and looking up at John.
"John-" the Rugby player groaned and dropped his head against Sherlock's shoulder, his fingers tight against Sherlock's hips.
Dinner was unbearable for Sherlock. He hated the taste of human food, and watching John and Mike together made his stomach tighten into knots.
"W-Well- uh I-I mean- the- the C-Captain-" John growled and stepped closer to the other man, irritation flooding his veins.
John finally managed to get his giggles under control, kneeling in front of his boyfriend and digging the lanky boy out from the folds of his sheet and pressing soft kisses to his nose and lips.
Sherlock squirmed against him, his fingers clinging to John's t-shirt and chest heaving as John gently bit down on one of his nipples, pulling a soft keen from the younger boy.
“Let’s go get coffee.” He whispered instead, smirking up at the ghost before passing right through him and running down the hall, ducking and laughing as Sherlock sent books flying at him.
"Victor, and no. He and I are no longer together. You are welcome to join me though." John blushed and pulled out the seat, sitting across from Sherlock and offering him a sympathetic smile.
“Sure, and what exactly are you going to tell him? ‘Hey Babe, so you know how your little brother is in a coma? Well his spirit is living with and dating my best friend John, but is currently mad at him for some unknown reason. What do you think he should do?’” John sighed heavily and slammed his head against the counter. “I just have to find the right spell to bring him back. Then he’ll have to talk to me.” John tried to stand, but promptly fell over as the alcohol hit him full force. Greg jumped to his aid, pulling him to his feet and propping him up against the bar.
“Yep. The doctors said I was gone for a solid seven minutes this time. Mycroft said that time and fate had fully removed themselves from my body when he put me back in.”
“I am unsure. I was unconscious before I could really see anything. How did you get me away from it?” John blushed, hiding the redness by fussing with a knot.
"At least you've done this before." John laughed, shrugging and leaning up for another light kiss. It wasn't untrue, John had a few girlfriends in his past, but none of them had gone past the first few dates.
"I'll be right back." John whispered, pulling himself from Sherlock's grip and giving him a soft kiss before leaving.
“Well, it appears I have stumbled upon the only human in this galaxy with an iota of intelligence.” John blushed, though he was unsure why. Something about the way this creature spoke to him sent chills along his spine. “I studied your language when I was younger, I’m far from fluent, but I can hold my own.”
"Please what Sherlock? What do you want?" Sherlock wriggled his hips slightly, gasping as the head of John's erection slipped inside him.
“Maybe he could make you human again.” Sherlock hesitated, a sad sort of frown pulling at his brows.
Sherlock jumped as the door swung open, revealing an older man. John instantly recognized the man as Sherlock’s father.
“I’ve got to go. Remember, in the ballroom at eight. Wear your dark blue outfit, it brings out your eyes!” He laughed and dodged a book that was thrown at him.
"What charges are you holding him on? Can you keep him for another few hours? I am going to get ahold of his sister-"
A strangled gasp was pulled from his throat as Sherlock slid his arms under his back and lifted him off the floor, holding him against his chest and sucking light marks onto his neck as he gently thrust up into John’s body.
“No. John, no. Don’t- please don’t-” Sherlock struggled to speak, his mouth not able to form the words his mind was supplying.
“I don’t know, for fun?” John chuckled, taking a swig of his beer as his friend took his place beside him. Molly made her way into the room, a bottle of wine in one hand and two glasses in the other. “Drinking for two tonight eh Molly?” Greg chided, causing the girl to blush.
He backed against the railing and hid his face as the ghost walked closer to him. He sobbed uncontrollably, trying to remind himself that it wasn’t real, that Sherlock was dead.
“Yes. You wouldn’t have to worry about fielding your own requests and booking your own shoots. We would do all of that for you. I just need you to sign these papers and then everything will be good.” Mycroft handed John a small stack of papers and a pen.
“If I had access to my lab back in town I could test them.” John blinked at the young man, unable to hide the smirk that played at his lips.
"No, thanks Mary." John brushed her off with a small smile, keeping his eyes on Sherlock. She nodded and left, not even glancing at Sherlock as she did.
By the time the movie ended, John's Mum, Harry, and Sherlock were all asleep. John took a moment to glance around the small sitting room of the cabin, his heart swelling at the sight of his family and the boy he loved sleeping so peacefully.
“You shouldn’t have run Sherlock. I’m going to tear you apart, after you watch your little human pet tear himself apart that is.” John’s voice was breaking and Sherlock could see that his friend didn’t have too much longer.
“I melted the Ice King.” Sherlock pulled back and caught John’s eyes, his own filled with love and promises.
He stroked Sherlock’s member, tightening his grip when he reached the head, running his fingers over the slit and smearing pre-come around. Sherlock started trembling above him, his breath becoming ragged as he started squirming.
"Witchcraft! He's a demon!" The distressed cries of his crew filled the air. John held the young man's eyes, his lips twitching into a grin. He held up his hand, instantly silencing his men.
“According to this, if we can identify what the scanner has identified as an infection, we can use sonic technology to forcefully pull it from the tissues and heal the wounds.” John grinned at the Siren, tossing his tablet aside and turning to face the creature. “We can repair the damage Sherlock, I can free you from the link.” The Siren looked uncertain, chewing on his bottom lip and running a hand over his tail.
A young man pushed his way into the flat, grinning softly at Sherlock. He knew this boy; his memories were tucked deep into the back corner of his mind palace. Suddenly, Sherlock knew where he was.
“Yeah, your brother just called. Wants me to meet him at his office in about an hour.” John could almost feel the tension coming from the younger man as he packed up his stuff. “Hey, so I’m going to stay-”
He waited for what felt like hours, fidgeting with his clothes and pulling at his hair. He was on the verge of leaving, bailing on the whole meeting, when he heard the heavy doors swing open.
"You never answered me." Sherlock blinked at the boy, scrambling to remember what question he had asked. Steel blue eyes met his, pulling a flush along Sherlock's cheeks. "I asked you what you like, you never told me." The flush on Sherlock's cheeks darkened as he remembered their hushed conversation in the alley.
“Some friend you are.” Greg jumped as he heard Sherlock’s voice coming from behind him. “Threatening to leave an unconscious man on the sidewalk just because you are too lazy to haul him upstairs yourself.” Sherlock looked pissed, but Greg brushed it off.
“No. But we are in love apparently, and I have heard that love is madness.” John grinned, knowing he probably looked like a fool. Sherlock was smirking, and John knew that if he wasn’t a ghost, the man probably would be blushing like a teenager.
“I don’t care!” Mycroft’s voice was harsh and Sherlock couldn’t stop the violent flinch that tore through him.
John was making his way to the locker room when the sounds of laughter caught his attention. His fellow rugby teammates could be loud when they found something to amuse them, and when that happened, that usually meant that someone was getting picked on.
“It hasn’t bled in days, and the stitches are holding.” Sherlock kissed him again, pulling off his own shirt and showing John the bandages. John checked the wound, still not confident in the stitches holding.
"I refuse to wear someone else's foot bindings. That is disgusting!" John laughed, reaching for his own bag and digging out the first aid kit he kept in there. "Besides, Harriet's feet are several sizes smaller than mine, hers wouldn't fit me." John glanced at the foot that was still resting in his lap and nodded, Sherlock wasn't wrong.
"You okay Sherlock?" Geoffrey asked, keeping his eyes on Anderson. Sherlock nodded, the panic in his chest slowly dissipating as he realized that the team was defending him, not attacking him.
"Sherlock, are you sure about this? I'm sure John won't make you go if you are nervous." Sherlock felt the anxiety he had been fighting most of the night starting to grow in his chest and he turned back to his brother, blinking up at the older boy.
"Were you a part of that?" John motioned back to the locker room, keeping his voice low in case Sherlock was listening. Mikey shook his head, his gaze filled with confusion and fear. "Was Greg?" Another shake of the other boy's head settled John's stomach slightly.
"He attacked me, John." Sherlock snapped, his cheeks dark and lips turned down in a pout. "I was dancing and next thing I know he's there, insisting that I go to the dance with him. I said no and his friend threw me into the mirror." John glanced behind the other boy, noticing the shattered glass on the floor for the first time. "Charges are being filed, and the school is overlooking my involvement to avoid a scandal with Julliard." Sherlock gingerly slid off of the stretcher, wincing slightly as he straightened.
The action shouldn’t have shocked John, but he gasped nonetheless. He had seen Sherlock sitting in chairs and other furniture before, but something about this was different, more amazing.
"Sherlock!" He ignored John's cry and grabbed the offending boy by the shirt collar, hauling him upright and pinning him against the wall. "Sherlock, stop!"
“You killed yourself.” He whispered, standing and stepping closer to his ghostly friend. Sherlock blinked rapidly and nodded slightly.
John led him through the town, chattering on about some of his adventures from his army days. Sherlock watched John talk, not really hearing anything he was saying. He could see why Mike still harboured feelings for the man.
John tugged nervously at his jacket sleeves, reaching up and pushing the doorbell. Sherlock's home was huge, and John couldn't help but feel slightly out of place standing on the front stoop.
“No, I just thought maybe one of you would want a glass.” She took her place between the pair and crossed her legs, pouring her wine and surveying the collection of objects before them. “So, how does this work?”
"John, you're seventeen, stop your pouting." His mother scolded, sending a flare of embarrassment across the teen as he leaned back in his chair, slouching dramatically and trying to keep his face hidden. He was supposed to be at Rugby practice, not watching his irritating little sister's Ballet recital. "Sit up straight for Christ's sake." John rolled his eyes and fixed his posture, crossing his arms and reluctantly watching the stage as the lights dimmed and the curtain rose.
“He’s not-” The figure groaned, and suddenly John realized who it was. Molly had just thrown a makeup brush at Sherlock Holmes.
The kid cleaned up nice, his hair now dry and styled into a deliberately messy halo of curls. He was still too pale and thin, but in the soft lighting of the diner, he looked healthier and less sickly.
Three hours later, John Watson and a very human looking Sherlock were being pushed through the gates of E2.
Since John had deemed Sherlock healthy enough to return to work, the Ice King had been slotted with three different men, none of them John Watson. It wasn’t that John was jealous, they both knew it was going to be this way. Sherlock wasn’t ready to give up filming and John had no right to ask him to. After all, Sherlock didn’t love him.
He reached the edge of the bed and fell to the ground, landing on his already broken wrist, causing him to scream in pain. He could feel his wounds tearing open as he struggled to get away.
“I’ll be back, nature calls.” John said with a wink before sliding out of the booth. Sherlock watched him walk away, loathing him for leaving him alone with the touchy Mike.
"Believe me Father, John takes excellent care of Sherlock, right Brother Dear?" Mycroft quipped, making John choke on a mouthful of juice. The table erupted into chaos, John coughing violently while Mr. and Mrs. Holmes scolded their eldest son. Sherlock seemed to freeze, staring at his plate with wide, unblinking eyes as his cheeks turned a nearly unhealthy shade of red.
"I told you, I was a cock-whore in Uni, you learn some tricks over the years." John shrugged and crawled back to hover above Sherlock's now covered erection. He pumped some lube onto his hand and slicked Sherlock's erection quickly before positioning himself and starting to lower his body onto Sherlock.
The faint sound of glass tinkling filled the air as the dome covering what was left of the rose shattered. A soft golden glow lit up the room, and the dead petals from the rose swirled up and around, surrounding John. He was lifted into the air, the strange tingling sensation of magic filling his being.
“Oh yes. And you see, I am defensive of the things I want.” John’s instincts kicked in as he watched Moriarty draw a silver blade from his belt. “You hurt Sherlock, now, I’m going to kill you.”
"You cut your hair off." Sherlock blushed, reaching up and brushing a stray curl out of his eyes, nodding timidly. John smiled, a strange fondness blooming in his chest. "It looks good." That made Sherlock blush deeper, the other boy blinking rapidly and avoiding John's gaze. "So, how're you doing? They didn't hurt you too badly, did they?" Sherlock shook his head, still avoiding John's gaze. "Hey, look at me Eur- Sherlock." Pale eyes met his own and he felt an unfamiliar tightness in his chest. "Please be honest with me, are you okay?" Something passed through Sherlock's eyes that made John's heart break a little.
The movie was enjoyable, an interesting premise with decent music, and several times, Sherlock found himself laughing along with John.
“Get some sleep John, I’ll explain everything when you wake up.” John’s mind was dragged back into darkness, but the panic remained, tainting his thoughts and poisoning his dreams.
“Pleased to finally meet you John. Thank you for helping my son.” Mr. Holmes turned and winked at Sherlock, causing the younger man to blush. “Now, before we head in there, do your shirt up one more button son. It would appear that John left his mark and I’m sure the young man wouldn’t want your mother to see that.” John blushed furiously and Sherlock scrambled to cover the bite mark.
There was the baker, who always sold the same boring loafs of bread. There was crazy old Anderson, the Potter, who always seemed to be missing something.
"Sounds good, Tiny Dancer." Sherlock smiled shyly, glancing back at the team timidly. "They like you, trust me." John whispered, sensing the boy's anxiety starting to rise again. Sherlock chewed on his lip and nodded, still looking nervous. John reached up and pulled Sherlock down for a kiss, his cheeks burning slightly when he heard the pleased sound Sherlock made at the contact. He broke the kiss reluctantly, grinning up at his shy boyfriend. "I'll see you tomorrow Tiny Dancer." He whispered, his heart racing at the flustered expression on Sherlock's face as he pulled away.
“T-The Spider, he had manipulated sonic tech to create a mimic of a Siren Song to supress his mind.” John shuddered at the memory of seeing Moriarty kissing Sherlock and making him drape himself over his shoulders. “Where is he Mikey? I-Is he-”
“No, just not interested.” Sherlock stepped away from Moriarty turning to make his way to the library, hoping the man would leave him be. As he walked away, he heard Moriarty’s companion, Sebastian, whine to him about his obsession with Sherlock.
"The one you brought me a few months ago." There was silence on the other end as the DI searched for the files.
“Yes, you were Sherlock. Now, you two can enjoy each other’s company for however long you like. Just try to avoid touching him when you are outside of time. He won’t survive another time.”
“I’m sorry John.” He whispered, tracing his fingers along the shorter man’s jawline. “I’m so sorry.”
“Alright, soppy hellos later eh? We have a spell to cast.” Greg grabbed the bag from Mycroft’s hand, pressing a soft kiss to his lover’s cheek before spinning back to the bed. He hurriedly started mixing ingredient’s praying that the spell would work.
“Not what I mean you Berk. I mean, now that we have both quit?” Sherlock huffed, pressing soft kisses to his scar.
John Watson wanted to live. He wanted to stay with this crazy, dangerous creature for the rest of his days, and he tried to pour every single one of those thoughts into the kiss. He pulled back slightly and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, smiling softly.
"Yeah, hold on a second Babe, I uh, I need a minute." Sherlock glanced down and blushed. John was still wearing his pajama trousers, and the evidence of how the kiss had affected him was tenting the front of his trousers. "Sorry, guess I got a little carried away there." John laughed breathlessly, his cheeks darkening as he started pulling away from Sherlock.
"Sorry S-Sir. T-The C-Captain Sir, he called a Parlay." John blinked uncertainly. The only people that ever called for Parlay were other pirates, not Navy Captains. He pushed past Stamford and hurried up to the deck.
Sherlock dropped his hand to John’s scar, gently caressing the damaged skin. He leaned down, pressing a soft kiss to the mark, the simple action sent sparks along John’s spine. He gasped as Sherlock sucked ever so lightly on the skin, the sensitive nerve endings tingling. No one ever acknowledged his scar, mainly just ignoring it in favor of other parts.
"Oil. Desk drawer. Your left." He muttered against Sherlock's lips and he fought with his own trousers. Sherlock reached behind and fumbled with the desk drawer, growling in frustration when he couldn't find the little pot of oil. John chuckled and leaned across the desk, digging in the drawer until he found the oil.
“Sherlock, you’re a ghost. Nothing about your situation sounds like a domestic abuse story.” The pale man huffed, flickering out of sight before reappearing by the kitchen door, far away from John. “Listen, take it from the guy that just had to spend the night listening to him talk about you, this is killing him. He didn’t mention you throwing him against the wall once. You know what he did talk about? How much he misses you.” Sherlock looked at John, pain filling his eyes. “I’ve got to get home, you think you can get him to bed in one piece?” He didn’t bother giving Sherlock the chance to object, tossing the case on John’s chest before leaving. He paused at the door, not turning, but speaking loud enough for the ghost to hear. “Talk to him. I promise, your ignoring him is doing more harm than good.”
"Something wrong, Tiny Dancer?" Sherlock smirked, shaking his head before leaning down and kissing John deeper than strictly appropriate for a school dance. He felt the change in the shorter man's stature and grinned into the kiss.
They stumbled out of the shower, giggling breathlessly as they tried to make their way into the bedroom without tripping.
He existed like that for many months, slowly allowing his transport to run wild whenever John cursed. It was making him miserable, but he didn't dare say anything. Things were still uncomfortable between them since Mary disappeared with the baby and John moved back in, and Sherlock wasn't willing to lose John again because he lost control of his transport.
"Oh, Harriet! Such a sweet girl." Mrs. Holmes gushed, smiling brightly at John while Mr. Holmes just frowned slightly and sent a glare towards his son. "Do you dance John?" Mycroft, who was sitting across the table from Sherlock, snorted, hiding his grin behind his glass of juice.
"Hey! Freak!" It took Sherlock longer than it should have to process the voice that came from behind him. By the time he was able to react, a hand was gripping his shoulder and spinning him, shoving him roughly against the lockers.
“The Hobbit.” He whispered, feeling an inexplicable surge of nostalgia. He felt as though he had read the book before, but it had never been a part of Mike’s collection.
“You should put that on a t-shirt.” The Beast winked at him and turned, walking away. “Come on. You need to get back to your room and sleep. I’ll give you the full tour tomorrow.”
“Yeah. I always liked chemistry but I sucked at it. Hang on a minute.” He jumped up from his seat, hurrying from the room. He had an idea that he was certain Sherlock would love.
“Sherlock?” The raspy voice pulled Sherlock from his painful thoughts. He felt a soft hand on his cheek and loosened his grip on John when he felt the human’s body start to shift. “Hey, what happened? What’s wrong? Talk to me, Gorgeous.” John moved so he was kneeling before Sherlock, wincing slightly as his body stiffened.
“Yeah, could you do me a huge favour? Go grab Sherlock’s little case and bring it here?” She nodded and scurried off, returning a few minutes later with the small pouch. Greg stuffed it in his pocket and crossed his arms. “Alright Sherlock, I know you’re mad at John, but I kind of need a hand here. Just help me get him upstairs then you can go back to pouting.” He felt the hair at the back of his neck stand on end. “Come on, I know you’re there. Either you help me, or I leave John out here.”
The boy standing at the end of the counter smirked at him, a timid confidence in his steel eyes. He looked healthy, still too thin, but healthy. He was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, a simple black jacket hanging off his shoulders, making him look even smaller than he was.
"Watson doesn't love you, Tinkerbell. At least he won't when he hears what you did." Panic flooded Sherlock's mind at the cruel smile of Anderson's face. "Imagine how hurt your precious captain is going to be when he hears how easily you hit your knees for me. The school whore, just begging to be fucked-"
"John, I haven't seen you in three days, I really don't want to stop right now." John laughed, kissing him again before he lowered himself to his knees, popping open the cap on the bottle with a dangerous smirk.
He whispered, feeling the distortion in time as he pulled the bond away from John. Every fibre of his being burned as the bond was broken, sending shocks of pain along his spine.
"Good." John's grin was wide and happy as he pressed a final kiss to Sherlock's lips before stepping back. "I love you. See you tomorrow Tiny Dancer."
“You really love this John, don’t you?” Sherlock nodded, knowing it was irrational to love someone he had never actually met before. Victor knelt before him, a soft, sad smile on his lips and he gripped Sherlock’s hands in his. There were tears in his eyes as he looked at Sherlock. “Then go, be happy my beautiful enigma.” He kissed Sherlock once more before fading from his sight, leaving him cold and alone, lost in his own memory.
"I was tainted Sherlock, they wouldn't have let me stay even if the Queen herself begged. He fucked the priest, then came home and took out his guilt on his family." John stood, seething at the memories of having to leave his home, his friend.
When they finally reached the bed, John pulled back, breaking the kiss and grinning up at his lover, winking at the flustered detective before shoving him back. Sherlock let out a surprised yelp as he fell, the shocked sound sending a flash of glee through John.
"Hey boys!" A voice that Sherlock didn't recognize broke through the haze that had begun to cloud his mind, making him flinch and send an irritated glare towards whoever had interrupted their moment.
Sherlock's mind spun as he felt John's fingers slip under his shirt, tracing the lines of his hips with practiced ease.
Sherlock grinned darkly at him before capturing his lips in a kiss that felt like fire. John moaned into the kiss, running his fingers through Sherlock’s dark curls and slipping his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth. The young man pulled away, slightly breathless and flushed.
"J-John-" Sherlock mumbled, lifting his chin slightly to give John more room and clinging to his shoulders. "We- we could- I-I mean- Mrs. Hudson h-has a Bridge game tonight-" John leaned back, gasping dramatically and lightly swatting Sherlock's shoulder.
"They had chemistry together or something. Greg had a massive crush on him." Sherlock's face contorted in confusion and disgust, making John laugh harder.
“Go make sure Mouse is still breathing alright? And get the first aid kits, I have to clean and dress these cuts.” Greg grumbled and made his way over to Molly, who was still cowering in the corner.
"Fuck! There- fuck Sherlock-" John started talking, a steady stream of curses and pleas falling from his lips.
“No.” Sherlock pushed himself out of John’s arms, instantly missing the feeling of the human pressing against him. “No, you don’t get to help me if you won’t let me help you.”
"Of course she did." He groaned, rubbing his face with his hands and shaking his head. Since John and Sherlock had met, Harry hadn't stopped bugging John about the boy.
“Of course not Love, I could never get bored of you. I’ve already cancelled on Greg twice now, I feel bad.”
Sherlock nodded, the pain in his wrists fading to numbness that quickly spread over his limbs. In the background, he could hear John still pounding on the door, but even that sound was starting to fade.
The previous Christmas had been hard on their family, following his dad's sudden departure and new marriage. As John watched Sherlock flinching in disgust as he got yet another mouthful of cranberry sauce, making his little sister giggle hysterically, he felt his chest tighten with emotion.
“Sherlock!” John pulled out his Captain’s voice and instantly saw the change in the young man’s demeanor. “I can’t put you through that. It will hurt more than necessary and you won’t enjoy it. You’re already in pain just from a little snogging.”
“Why should I, Time? What makes this one any different than Moriarty?” Sherlock felt a flash of frustration at her words. John wasn’t Moriarty, he would never hurt Sherlock or any other Entity.
"We'll be back in five, please have all penises back in their rightful places, and no unnecessary skin showing."
"-but I'm going with John." Jim finally turned towards John, a displeased sneer on his lips as he blatantly scanned the shorter boy.
“Is there a way to undo the bond once we figure out who you are bound to?” He fought the tremor in his voice, his friends needed him to be strong right now. Sherlock stood, towering over him. Sherlock smirked, looking down at John in such a way that sent a flush over the shorter man.
