Much of the following day passed in a whirlwind of second-guessing. Sherlock managed to kill some time at the university, tending to several papers and experiments he was overseeing in the lab. But, once that was out of the way, his mind had far too much free reign for overthinking. Out of sheer desperation, Sherlock took himself off to the store to finally replace his destroyed dishes. He did so with an immense sense of self-consciousness, dwelling on the reason for the purchase far more than he would have liked. He tried to moderate the feeling by spending several hours in his favourite used bookstore, perusing old texts on obscure research and sciences. When he finally emerged, arms filled with old texts on fascinating subjects, he felt more like himself.
Mycroft’s face hardened again, his previously distanced expression fading as his eyes turned steely. “I want you to focus, Sherlock,” he said, his tone sharp. “I need you to treat this case with the appropriate importance. National security is at stake here.”
Heads up for mention of past substance use. Also, I've updated the tags and rating for this fic to Explict. There will, indeed, be smut (later on).
“Indeed,” Mycroft drawled, fixing John with a look that reminded Sherlock of ice floes. “How very astute of you to notice.”
“Look — I know you might be making the offer just to be polite, but if you’re serious, could I come by tomorrow night?” John grimaced and offered Sherlock a chagrined smile. “Gavin — that’s my flatmate — is planning another party, and I really do need to study.” Instead of waiting for Sherlock to reply, John rushed to add, “Don’t feel like you have to say yes! I can always go to the library.” He laughed nervously. “I’m not nearly as dead on my feet this time, so I’m sure there’s no danger of getting lost in the Underground.”
Sherlock caught John under the arm as he began to sag at the knees, hauling him upright. With John balanced against his side, Sherlock turned to order Lestrade’s lackeys to call an ambulance, but John stopped him.
Hoping to put his brother’s mind — and perhaps his own — at ease, Sherlock turned and presented a nonchalant facade. “Text me the details, and I’ll see what I can do.” Mycroft opened his mouth to reply, but Sherlock didn’t give him a chance. “But, for now, I really must get ready for my engagement.” He pushed at his brother’s shoulders, expelling him from the bathroom and closing the door in his face.
But it would pass. It had to. Sherlock had a job to do, and he was going to do it, come Hell or high water. There would, inevitably, be future cases with similar themes. Similar risks. This job wouldn’t be the first to drag the skeletons out of Sherlock’s closet, and it wouldn’t be the last. The sooner he learned to navigate these unpleasant reminders of his past life — and his past indiscretions — the sooner Sherlock could genuinely move on.
Sherlock manhandled John inside and up the stairs, nearly losing his balance when John collapsed just inside the sitting room with a grunt. He lay there in a bloody heap, panting in pain. Dropping to his knees next to him, hands hovering over John without purpose, Sherlock asked, “What can I do? What do you need?”
“And yet, you didn’t.” Sherlock gripped John’s chin, tugging his face down for a slow, deep kiss that left them both panting. “Quite the opposite, in fact.”
John chose to ignore the odd reaction, gently tilting Sherlock’s head back and to the side as he maneuvered the blade up the side of Sherlock’s throat. John did so with great care, tongue caught between his teeth, scared of slipping. All the while, he could feel Sherlock’s gaze on him, a burning point of scrutiny that John struggled not to squirm beneath. Instead, he wiped the blade and tilted Sherlock’s head again, repeating the movement.
The noise was much worse on the second floor, a wall of sound that made Sherlock struggle against the urge to clap his hands over his aching ears. Pressing onward, he stopped before a door that seemed to contain the abrasive din. It was, predictably, the unit directly above his own. That simple fact only served to feed the flames of Sherlock’s anger, and, fuming, he hammered on the door with a clenched fist.
Sherlock’s fingers stilled on the last cuff, not yet open, but it was already too late. John’s back arched, the sudden movement throwing Sherlock off balance. He toppled, nearly going head over arse off the bed before hands caught him around the waist and hauled him back. With one toss, Sherlock found himself sprawled on his back on the bed, staring up at the ceiling with wide eyes as his sluggish brain fought to catch up with the sudden change of events. He wasn’t given much time to recover, as John reared up at his feet, catching Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttering open to reveal his darkened gaze. His pupils were blown wide, almost erasing the silvery shade of his irises.
“You’re not healing fast enough,” Sherlock murmured, not sure John even heard him as he continued to pound into Sherlock. Despite Sherlock’s orgasms, John seemed nowhere near his own climax, rumbling out a rippling growl in his chest where Sherlock lay. Not that Sherlock was complaining. Again, there was that utter lack of oversensitivity, as if his body rode an insane wave of arousal, refusing to be sated. No doubt that was due to John, the power of his incubus half imbuing Sherlock with sexual energy he’d never imagined.
“Come here,” John ordered, eyes fastened on Sherlock’s groin. His tongue flicked out, wetting his lips. And, though he felt no force from John’s command, Sherlock still went, compelled entirely by his own desire and want.
Caught off guard by the phone number and abrupt retreat, Sherlock sipped at his too-sweet drink and slipped away from the bar. He skirted the dance floor and tucked himself behind one of the few empty tables. Set back from the centre of the club, the spot was dark and intimate, no doubt meant for something more tantalizing than staring at a coaster. Turning the object over in his hands, Sherlock frowned at the message scrawled over the club’s logo. There was a phone number and a name — Stephan. Written beneath were the words, text, don’t call - xo.
John’s reaction was immediate, a sibilant hiss escaping his changed mouth. “Bedroom,” he ordered, adding, “Now,” when Sherlock hesitated. Releasing his hold on John’s hair, Sherlock scrambled to his feet, pausing when John caught him by the leg. His nails were longer, sharp where they snagged in the fabric of Sherlock’s trousers. Even weakened as he was by his injury, John’s grip was like a vice. “Get the chains ready.”
“It’s better this way,” Mycroft assured him. “You need to focus, and he is nothing but a distraction you can’t afford right now.”
John looked briefly wounded before his features schooled themselves into a blank slate. His mask was good. Almost as good as Sherlock’s, but not quite perfect. Sherlock could see the confused hurt in John’s eyes as he stood. Still with the towel about his waist, he was no longer as carefree and relaxed as when he’d emerged from the bathroom in a rush of steam. Now, John held himself stiffly, his eyes faded, gaze directed just past Sherlock’s left ear, refusing to look him in the face.
Did John imagine it, or did Sherlock’s voice sound strained? He studied the familiar face, searching for clues. But Sherlock had closed both eyes again, his expression perfectly blank.
Opening the placket of his trousers, he drew his cock out of his pants without thinking and took himself in hand. The first pull was slow, acclimatizing himself to the sensation of his arousal. A gradual drag of grip from root to tip, thumb swirling over the slit, drawing the dribble of desire he found there downward, slicking over the throbbing shaft. Sherlock worked himself with controlled motions, hand speeding as his pulse and breathing quickened. He stroked himself in time with his exhales, squeezing on the upward slide, hips thrusting forward in lazy rolls as his hand swept back to the base in a firm curl of fingers.
Without speaking or wasting time on words, John cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and bent down to brush their lips together. It was a bare ghost of contact, a tentative drifting of mouths, but Sherlock’s response was definite. He groaned and surged upward, his uninjured hand tangling in John’s hair and pulling him closer. Their noses bumped clumsily, Sherlock’s teeth scraping John’s bottom lip before their mouths slotted together in a fierce kiss. It was sloppy, turning even more so when Sherlock’s lips parted, and his tongue darted out.
He was tired, but not unpleasantly so. It felt similar to what he experienced after an adrenaline rush, his body heavy, lacking in depleted resources. There was no pain. Instead, there was a deep ache at the base of his spine, no more uncomfortable than what he’d experienced before from any long, exceptionally good fuck. And that was precisely what had occurred — although ‘exceptionally good’ seemed like far too trite a term for what he and John had shared.
“Don’t stop,” he managed to push out through numb lips when John paused at the sound. “Don’t you dare.” Sherlock felt John’s sharp grin against his inner thigh and groaned again as those fingers worked him looser, preparing him for the large cock throbbing against his cheek. He gave it a weak kitten lick, feeling John’s amused rumble as he sucked Sherlock’s cock into his mouth and continued to work him open. It was so much, almost too much, the stimulation making Sherlock struggle against the urge to pull away, to push back, to fuck into John’s tantalizing mouth despite his softened cock. In front of him, Sherlock saw the distinctive wave of John’s tail, finally grown long enough to display the triangle-shaped end. He watched it with dazed fascination, minute tremours shaking throughout his body as John worked both his hole and erection with hand and mouth.
Sherlock, his eyes wide and wondering, couldn’t resist the urge to reach out and touch the unblemished skin. The light contact made John stir, his eyelashes fluttering before his eyes opened. Gleaming in the dark, they moved over Sherlock’s face, wary and immediately uncertain.
“Absolutely,” John murmured, offering a crooked smile. “Absolutely fine. But maybe we should, ah, slow down?”
But it wasn’t Mycroft. It was John, standing with one hand raised as if to knock again. His arm dropped back to his side at the sight of Sherlock.
Body tense, mind steeled to bear witness to John’s probable confusion, Sherlock was startled by the sight of an empty futon. Dazed, caught off guard by the unexpected vacancy, he realized belatedly that John was just slipping out the door.
Another startled laugh from John, but this one wiped the last lingering vestiges of uncertainty from his handsome features. Wrapping his arms around Sherlock, John tugged him closer and nipped at his throat. “I should have known — you’re
John handed him a set of plastic eating utensils. “Dig in,” he offered, shifting aside to leave room for Sherlock at the counter. John followed his own advice, scooping prawn pad thai into his mouth and letting out a blissful sigh. The sound brought a small smile to Sherlock’s lips, and he quickly filled his own mouth to keep from embarrassing himself with further displays of inconvenient emotion.
“Not enough strength,” John managed, his voice somewhere between a growl and a groan, his vocal cords sounding as stuck as the rest of him. “It’ll come along once we get started.” He tried to get his hands beneath him, lifted inches off the mattress, and collapsed with a panting whine. “Help me roll over.”
Sherlock blinked, his mind clicking back online at last. Disregarding the offered hand, he said, “Is that you?” John looked confused again, and Sherlock raised his voice, shouting to be heard. “The music! Is that you? Is this your party?”
“A previously planned engagement?” Mycroft echoed, turning his back when Sherlock snarled at him. “Oh, come, Sherlock. You act as if I never bathed you as a child.”
— a strange name for a nightclub, but all nightclubs seemed to have ridiculous names. Peculiar name aside, Sherlock was familiar with the establishment. It had been, by no means, a frequent haunt of his, but he vaguely recalled a few hazy memories of the place. All smoky, thick air and strobing lights, his recollections blurred by whatever illegal substance he’d ingested within minutes of slipping through the front door.
A gleam entered Sherlock’s pale eyes, lighting his face with mischievous promise. “I most certainly do plan for there to be handfuls of something, John. Rest assured.” He squeezed John’s backside with his un-splinted hand in a demonstration, prompting a startled but pleased wiggle from John.
“We’re doing this,” Sherlock said with a conviction he was surprised to realize he actually felt. “I don’t care if you compel me. We’re doing this.”
Pinned in place by John’s weight and some supernatural force, his limbs refusing to respond to his brain’s orders, Sherlock could only stare up at the face raised over his. It was familiar and yet not, John’s complete shift shocking to observe up close. Always, he faced away when they coupled, meaning Sherlock missed how John’s face took on a sharper shape. The way his features changed until they appeared inhuman. And they were, just as John wasn’t human himself, only wore the skin of one when he had to.
“Yes, yes, that’s beautiful, Sherlock. Don’t stop,” John husked between his assaults on Sherlock’s spit-slick hole. “I can feel you. I can feel how badly you want it. I can taste your hunger, Sherlock. Oh, god, it’s sweet, so sweet” He tilted his head, tugging Sherlock backwards until Sherlock’s weeping cock slipped into his mouth to the hilt.
“Right,” John said, clearing his throat. He shook his head, banishing the strange feelings. “Of course. Wouldn’t want to keep you from your incredibly important tinkering.”
The bartender tilted his head to one side. “Atmosphere is a little louder, sure. But the core is the same.” One of his eyebrows rose. “Can I pour you a drink?”
“Oh,” he gasped out, hips twitching as his body stretched to accommodate the immense penetration. It felt impossible that something of such tremendous size would fit. But fit it did, and it kept going, pushing into Sherlock until his toes curled and his mind went blank, buzzing with fits of pleasure. He should be overstimulated, painfully sensitive and wrung out from his earlier orgasm. Instead, Sherlock felt revitalized, his own cock already rising in response to the stretch of John inside him. The sensations were so intense, it was all Sherlock could do to brace himself on John’s chest and moan at the intrusion. His cock leaked liberally, precum smearing over John’s stomach even as Sherlock fought not to drool.
“Well,” John said, a small, hesitant smile curving his lips, “if you’re insisting, I suppose it would be rude of me to decline.” He gestured over his shoulder, back at the door. “I’ll just grab my books.”
Mycroft’s lips twitched minutely, not quite a smile. Still, he radiated smugness, and Sherlock bristled. “Quite right,” Mycroft said, turning to face him. “But I digress. I did come here with a purpose, you know.”
They broke apart at once, Sherlock jerking his head back. His eyes were wide, pupils huge, his face twisting into an expression of watchful uncertainty. John — who realized he had, at some point, settled onto Sherlock’s spread thighs — blinked at that expression. Something very close to fear flickered in Sherlock’s blackened gaze, prompting a soft tsk from John.
“John Watson,” John replied, taking Sherlock’s hand with apparent uncertainty. It was a quick clasp, their grips separating as John hurried to cover another yawn. “Are you sure? I guess I could always go to the library…”
Mycroft’s mouth twisted into a bitter smile. “My undying gratitude for not rubbing the rarity in my face, brother mine,” he said drily.
“Yes,” Sherlock said dully. He refused to turn, refused to face his brother, to validate his behaviour. As always, Mycroft got his way. And, as always, he did so at Sherlock’s expense.
But John wouldn’t budge on his rules, wouldn’t break those all-important guidelines. No amount of wheedling, pleading or arguing on Sherlock’s part changed John’s mind. Yet, Sherlock was relentless; he knew what he wanted and wouldn’t give up until he got it. Such tenacity was part of what made him a good detective, worrying at a problem like a dog with a bone. He was bone-deep certain that, if he could just find the exact right words, he could make John see reason.
A low growl was John’s only response, and, as Sherlock leaned back again, he saw John’s eyes had gone dark. Their gazes locked, John staring at him as he panted, open-mouthed, through the hazy smell of blood and pain. “Yes,” he finally said, nodding. Wetting his lips once more, his tongue now dark and strange in his mouth, forked at the end, John nodded again. “Yes, I do.”
Rolling his shoulders, ignoring the unpleasant cling of his mist-wet shirt, Sherlock tipped his chin in agreement. “Surprise me.”
He doesn't say anything about Aadhya and she doesn't ask. He leaves feeling giddy that she doesn't know Dr. Connery was going to cover his afternoon to pay for an absence the other day.
John opens the closet door, his own gun steadily pointed to Brent's face, and right after the front door also opens, three uniformed men with pistols announce themselves. 'PUT THE GUN DOWN.'
She is peeking from the ajar front door of her flat, and she doesn't look pleased. 'Take care with the carpet, would you?'
'I'm not deserting the family, I'm deserting you!' he yells at her. ‘I will still be with my daughter!’
He needs to take a breath three times before managing to speak. 'I saw the renovation's folder in your laptop.'
Mrs. Hudson pops by and makes Sherlock put the kettle on. Around dinner time, Lestrade comes by with Rosie. He lets him and Sherlock talk on the foyer, while he cuddles with her a bit. She babbles a lot of words at him, and he listens intently, humming and nodding in answer to her.
'It's fine, it's fine, you see? It's already over' John tries to console her, palming her back up and down while she cries. He checks her knee, the block didn't wound, but the outline of its shape is printed into the red skin. He massages it to increase the blood flow back. 'It's not so bad, you'll be right as rain in a few minutes.'
Rosie catches her intent of taking her and screams sharply. Mary's eyes widen, and she drops her hands. Rosie turns her back to her, muffling the scream in Sherlock's coat, holding tight. 'What is wrong, Rosie?' Mary asks, not managing the high pitch anymore.
'Ok, ok, tell me where you are, I'll come and get you.' he runs upstairs to get his coat. Mrs. Hudson has the tv on, Rosie seems transfixed on a singing animals cartoon. 'Do you know where you are?'
And now, as Mary and other three comrades watched the scene by the pool, she asked herself if this Sherlock Holmes fella was just a detective interfering with the crime scene (hence the business) or he had something personal justifying Moriarty's obsession with him. In her experience she knew many other men and women in England considerably more powerful than him, as in they could destroy his empire just by talking to the right people. The skinny guy was just solving some crimes to his clients.
Eyes locked with his he mumbles a ‘Yes.’ before John pulls his nape down, allocating his remaining hand at Sherlock’s waist and meeting their lips. After a whole day John was starting to feel abstinence from that. Oh, not good, getting addicted so quickly. But then, Sherlock has always been like a drug to him, and if this is the kind of fix he needs to have everyday, he’s completely fine with it, with Sherlock holding his back like that every time they kiss, with his fingers playing with the silky curls, in fact, what he’s getting right now is not even enough.
She looks weary and disjointed, her complexion grey-ish confronting the white duvet covering her. She hadn't brought any clothes besides the ones she had been wearing, and they were probably filthy because John couldn't see them in the room. She must be using a hospital garb. There's also no bump protuberating under the covers, laid flat over her body. She looks at him defiant.
Sherlock avoids his eyes. 'It's just some ideas.' he mumbles while putting a purple hand over Rosie's yellow ones on the poster board over the coffee table.
I don't really have anyone to talk (scream) about series 4, so if someone wants to chat, come talk to me on tumblr! user thanks-mike-stamford
In the middle of his fettuccine Alfredo a text pings on his phone. He checks surreptitiously. It's from Mycroft.
'Well… that was annoying. The rest of my clothes is in my room.' he moves to leave the bathroom but John presses himself flat to the door. Sherlock steps back, brow furrowing.
'Sounds nice.' he replies quickly, cleaning his bowl. 'I have to go. Just remembered I left a toxic compound in the counter. Mrs. Hudson could get hurt.' he stands up.
John Watson, though. That one was interesting. She read his profile - veteran, doctor, PTSD. Physically he reminded her David a lot, but more handsome. She also checked his infamous blog - that made two for people obsessed with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock is waving a bit. John is reminded that he didn't get any sleep last night, and who knows for how long this week. 'Hey, go take your shower and I'll look to your wound before you sleep.'
She accomplished not to laugh hysterically just so. Why she believed this bloody movie of a life was an ideal job? In the end, Moriarty cut the operation off. The bastard probably hadn't even been afraid to die, he was just a show-off like Sherlock Holmes.
The separate corridors that lead to the kitchen and the living room are going to disappear, leaving just one door and creating an inside connection to the first floor, where John's old room was. There's enough space between the walls to expand the first floor in a bigger bedroom and create another smaller bathroom, with a simple showerhead and no tube.
'No.' Sherlock answers immediately. 'That song was for you and Mary. The Mary from before, obviously.'
He is already crossing the doorstep when John reaches the living room, back to the inside of the house. He is buttoning his coat against the moderate chilly wind. John closes the door delicately behind him and waits for him to finish and wrap his scarf in his neck. 'I'm sorry for that.'
It's late hours before he retreats to bed, mind blissfully obtuse. He tries to go up the stairs, but suddenly they seemed very dangerous. So he stumbles across the corridor.
Brent instinctively pushes Sherlock in front of him, aiming the gun wherever, as if he's indecisive. Sherlock can feel the hand holding his shoulder trembling, and he knows if the man was truly purposeful he'd point the gun at Sherlock himself. One more wannabe criminal tediously stupid.
I'M SO SORRY. But as I said on tumblr, people making my life difficult at work. I hope it doesn't happen again.
'Of course you did.' John rolls his eyes, turning back to the email. Sherlock had already started the second croissant. He decides not to comment on it. Some bills, another anonymous threatening letter to Sherlock (who just snorts in response), and one envelope from… Hungary?
He finally removes his second soaking boot. It started pouring out of a sudden and he misjudged the depth of a puddle before stepping on it. His socks are disgusting now. 'Hey Mrs. Hudson.'
'You looked very content and I wanted to participate. It's our song after all. You danced quite well at the wedding.' she answers seeming to be enjoying herself very much, while he catches a grimace just in time.
He concludes it was very moronic of him to have not foreseen this. Anna took the decision to shoot Sherlock because she thought it was enough to prevent John discovering the truth about her. First option, Sherlock dies and can't say a word anymore. Second option, Sherlock is traumatized and afraid and keeps his mouth shut. To be honest it was a good strategy - for a bloody psychopath. It served to show, though, that she is a mentally unstable person with no qualms to go extreme to protect her wishes.
They follow his steps to the living room, where without glancing away from them, he opens the closet under the stairs. 'Mr. Watson, enter here if you may. I have a discussion to do with Holmes.' he says mockingly. John looks at Sherlock who minimally shakes his head. John holds a sigh and enters the closet, the door shutting brusquely at his back.
She smirks. 'Oh, not surprised. Big brother always takes care of him. I don't know why you were so worried.' she looks contemplative for a second. 'You know what? I think we should invite him for dinner. I have to thank him properly, isn't it?'
'Cat stuff, obviously! I know you are basic, John, but you shouldn't expect a nicely treated cat to survive with a tiny litter tray and a bowl of water.' he's already putting on his coat.
Reluctantly he reclined on the sofa again, but kept an arm across Sherlock’s shoulders just because he could. ‘So, she’s going to do what? Talk to her? Do you really think
'We will rehearse it, John. I will give you a script if you want it. You'll have time to get used to it. But in the way you want things, I don't see any alternative.'
Sherlock blinks at him, processing the information. He can't hide his following grin, and drops his head to kiss John's shoulder. 'Ah, John Watson. Always unpredictable.'
As I am posting this my timeline on twitter is full of new spoilers thanks to a new trailer in czech apparently so I'm running away from it. Less than two weeks to go!
'It's just a scratch but it will bother you like hell, since the path of skin is gone.' he says while cleaning again with antiseptic.
Through the years he gradually occupied the interior of this cabinet, and it seemed it always had space for more. Initially he put a purple shirt, a Belstaff coat, a blue scarf and a Woolrich parka in the hangers. In the bottom drawer a single slipper with cigarettes stashed inside. In a space he put clippings of newspapers obituaries, next to a printed version of the peculiarities of 243 types of tobacco ashes. Top drawer contained his casebook, abandoned. Burned gloves, a vase of
The girl who opens the door has dyed red hair tied in a bun and premature dark circles under her eyes (although the redness of her nose and its unpeeled wing skin from constant blowing with a tissue suggests the dark circles are also a symptom from allergic rhinitis). She looks at him up and down. 'And you are…?'
Sherlock just shrugs, and a lump allocate in John's throat. He breathes slowly trying to keep the wetness away from his eyes. 'I'm sorry. I didn't know. I shouldn't have anyway.'
'Perhaps it's the belly. I understand that. I can barely move around.' she says passively from the bed, while he gets ready for work.
The stairs to the floor were going to be redirected and remodeled into a spiral staircase to give space for another spiral staircase going downstairs, to 221C, which was going to be converted into several smaller rooms: a guests bedroom, a lab for Sherlock, a storage room and a reception office for clients, equipped with a lavatory. The front door of 221C would lead to the office, and a private corridor that only someone with a key could access would take them to the rest of the flat. The staircase gets to a foyer in front of all the rooms, that would share the bathroom in the foyer. The idea was to separate the Work from their day-to-day life, specially for Rosie's safety.
Gradually he started to open his defenses. They would talk about amenities, but that wasn't good. Colleagues talked about amenities, and she wanted more.
'Tell me.' he says softly, and presses his nails into the marked flesh. They stare into each other's eyes until their breathing is synchronised. He relaxes his fingertips for two seconds before digging them again. Sherlock exhales suddenly at the move, so he repeats. 'Tell me.'
'I'm sure that whatever decision about the flat concerns Sherlock only.' he replies without breaking eye contact, contracting his jaw. Mycroft gives a little laugh.
'She can't just leave. You're bluffing. She has a baby daughter here, and the pathetic husband.' Brent scoffs at him.
him what happens, he doesn't know how much that would change since… well, since it works the way it does.
It was very hard to not spend his shift daydreaming about the day before. Every now and then he catches himself drifting off--
'When the last choices you made put him in a ventilator, Doctor Watson, I believe it reached my domain.' he answers with a tough expression. And then in a cold tone 'My brother can be very naive sometimes. Consider your actions prudently. Afternoon.' Before John could say anything else he leaves.
That gets Sherlock's attention. He raises his head confused and curious, but John doesn't give him the opportunity to read him. He holds Sherlock's face delicately, a hand on each side of the alluring cheekbones and closes the gap between them. His eyelids are already fastened when their lips lock.
Without looking away from tv, John opens his mouth to accept the chocolate, which is deposited in place. His lips do slightly close on Sherlock's fingers. The flavour is rich and bittersweet, melting against his tongue. Just before he swallows it, the hand that had been offering the chocolate to him takes hold of his jaw and turns his face. His lips meet Sherlock Holmes' closed mouth for the first time.
what's going on, how Moriarty is playing with his mind using puzzles, and he doesn't seem to understand what John observes, that Sherlock is not this person Moriarty is making him to be, even if he believes it.
'Did you make a list?' Mycroft asks Sherlock with a patience John has never seen before. Sherlock seems to want to say something, moving his mouth and looking around, and throws a paper haphazardly. John picks it up.
‘Just having fun. I like to dance.’ he whispered back, still holding firmly on his back. ‘She never really wants anything from me. I can be myself. And she didn’t dance with me on the reception, so…’
'Just avoid talking about murder in front of the kids, I don't want to be expelled from places. And we already had a complaint from the nursery about Rosie picking up adult words, whatever that means.'
But some things are inevitable, and one day she missteps and lands her knee on a hard plastic block.
John cuts a green pea with more force than he calculated, the knife resonating loudly against the plate.
'She's going to ask after her, ok?' he answers with a sudden movement that makes his curls bounce against his forehead. 'You can't just pretend she didn't exist her whole life. Of course she needs to get older to hear the potentially upsetting explanation about her mother being a murderer and serial criminal, and you'll probably want to omit not giving in to her ransom which lead to her ultimate death and why she doesn't have a grave to be visited, but she will want to at least know who she was.'
Sherlock pauses for a moment to stare at her and she smiles at him. John downs the wine through his throat. Sherlock puts a forkful of the pie in his mouth and chews with difficulty.
'Bad idea that.' he says as he steps back to get the nasal spray and speculum. 'It's not a serious injury. I'll just realign the bone and cartilage manually. This will alleviate a bit the discomfort.'
John sits down next to him, their legs fully touching. 'Do you think they can fake a persona 24/7 for the cameras?'
'About him wanting things he can't have! You're married now. I've ignored his kicked puppy faces because you were ignoring too, but if you're going to encourage him I have to step in.'
At Milwaukee she had lunch and played tourist. Jake Chapman worked late on tuesdays. It was dark and the street deserted when she parked around two blocks from his house. She had to wait just an hour or so to see him coming down the avenue in his motorcycle.
They rehearse what feels like a million times until the words stuck in John's brain. Sherlock says he genuinely is better at keeping his face neutral. At night he punches and kicks the sandbag to release the frustration. He goes over his sleep routine muttering the script. Sherlock had said that tomorrow they would exercise spontaneous answers to what she might rejoin during the first conversation, and after that all he should refrain doing to avoid raising suspicions from her.
John knows no nonsense voice when he hears it. 'I don't know. She left. There's a note and everything in my pocket if you let me show you. Her phone is also here'
On the screen, a group of child animals go to the zoo. John blinks in confusion. Why is there a zoo in an animals city universe? 'Creepy is not a word I would have expected to hear you saying.' he replies.
'Never watched it.' he replies between gritted teeth, noticing the driver weirdly ogled him through the rearview mirror. Anna gasps at the window.
He needs to get out of there, but not before Todd leaves. He studies the neighbour's rooftop, perhaps he could make a run and jump over there? During his calculations the door to Keona's roof suddenly bangs open, Todd surges with a fillet knife and hops on Sherlock. The surprise is very effective, as Sherlock is unable to stop the knife from piercing deep his thigh.
'I need to categorize better the patterns of human behaviour.' he ignores her, murmuring to himself. 'I got too much data all at once and now it's messed up.'
'Victor. He didn't break up with me. He just… left. Couldn't be bothered I assume.' he watches the unlit fireplace, where Magnussen had peed the one time he came to visit.
Sherlock spends two days taking turns between solving cases on his phone and continuing his toys experiment with Rosie, who seems to approve this endeavor. On the third day he snaps and starts calling Mycroft. After the eighth call, Mycroft stops answering. After the twentieth call, Sherlock's number is automatically directed at Anthea's office.
John turns to him, worry written all over his brow and eyes lines. 'You don't have to, you know that right? In the end, Rosie's safety is my responsibility. You love the work. It's part of who you are and if I take that from you...'
The biggest issue with Mary Watson is how legally slippery she is in her profession. A CIA rogue with the ability to invade MI6 databases in front of the runner man himself, changes identities like clothes and is not even caught on tax evasion. She had them the same way Moriarty had. Nonetheless, Mary is no Moriarty. She was never interested in being an invincible evil criminal genius for the sake of it. She definitely wouldn't kill herself to win a mind game.
'Up to you.' she shrugs, already at the door, before turning to John. 'This one will be another on gory medical stuff or fake fiction about spy Gregory House and his smarter than he looks assistant James Wilson?'
Unexpectedly, Sherlock smiles at him. 'John, you are asking advice from the world's only consulting detective.'
His heart is hammering violently against his chest. A slight tremor starts creeping up his hand, which he closes in a fist. 'I'm not encouraging whatever you think there is. He saved this, do you remember? He sacrificed himself for us.'
Sherlock jumps from his seat and grabs the clipboard sitting on his desk. 'She seems very positive to the fruits experiment.'
They discuss over it, John asserting how unnecessary it was to think about dating procedures in adolescence because he
It seems that Sherlock is a blind spot to John. He fills every part of John's life, he's all John can see when they are in a room, and while it may have sounded a bit unhealthy for his old therapist, since the beginning John didn't mind the least. And yet, he keeps missing these things. How Sherlock truly feels. Is it because the intensity of his relationship to him is already so much without acknowledging Sherlock's reciprocity, that he unconsciously overlooks it so he doesn't get overwhelmed?
‘Right. I’ll leave you homework, what about that? I want you to talk to Sherlock about your daughter. It’s still troubling you and it’s very important that you are on the same page.’
The man chews his answer for some moments. ‘Ok. I can’t say I agree with you, but I see your reason. It’s your daughter too after all. I’ll… do what I can.’
John started to feel apprehensive when Magnussen exposed a record from the bonfire incident. Nobody,
‘Of course not John, do keep up.’ oh there it was, soft Sherlock but still didn’t take stupidity. What a strange combination. ‘They are going to talk, Janine will plant the seed of the idea. That’s a powerful thing, as you’re aware. After that, David will come—‘
It makes sense now her taking care of telling him bad things, being all content about the mission in East Europe, making up a dinner just to pick Sherlock's weak spots and intimidate him. She had been jealous. She even used the word "threat", which wasn't at all a good sign for a trigger happy person. Only the fact she went hysteric at breakfast gives him bad chills, since it's a whole new side of her John is getting to experience.
And then, like nothing happened in over three months she was away, she's in the house again. John is so perplexed he doesn't have a reaction at first. She just walks past him to the kitchen, and John follows gingerly. She takes a glass of water from the tap and gives a once over inside the fridge.
Given the shitty year he's been having, John is not surprised that things haven't finished bollocksing up.
control now is making John's path of grief go smoothly. He will get rid of everything that could trigger him as soon as possible. After he called it a night, Sherlock monitored John's breathing pattern until he was sure the man in his bed was asleep. It obviously took a while, considering his historical correlation between emotional distress and trouble sleeping, but eventually tiredness won over. After that he stayed a few more minutes just listening to it, because he had thought it was something he couldn't have anymore.
'Surprise.' he smiles at John. 'But I hope you remember this won't be easy.' he tells, serious again.
Suddenly he realises he truly digged deep when the pictures from the Brighton exile appear. Sherlock in a sugar induced comatose sprawled on the hotel's sofa. Rosie playing on the carpet. The stormy night where Sherlock talked to her about the science of thunders until she calmed down. He doesn't remember the video at all beyond the vague description of what happened, so he plays it.
Sherlock smiles at him in a way that makes John want to touch his face. 'Well, we have at least two years of sleep to catch up then. Lay back down.'
Later, Sherlock takes a shower and John stands by the sink brushing his teeth. Sherlock keeps talking about how easy it is to identify the sexual predators in the reality show house, but the producers just generally opt not to. John gives one or two comments on it with his mouth full of foam.
Surprisingly Ella smiles at him. ‘This has to do with the adaptation you were worried about?’ he nods. ‘Are you feeling ready to the new changes in your life, then?’
'It was one of my first deductions about you, in fact. I just refrained from analysing it further.' he continues, satisfied that she didn't seem to have a bashful answer to that. 'Honestly, it was you who did all the work. If you hadn't shot me, you'd probably still have a husband.'
'Not a problem.' Sherlock answers, but when he turns to John he looks on the verge of tears. 'I'll tell you when we have conclusive results in the investigation.'
He can't go back home to change and leave again without raising suspicions, and he doesn't have anything on him to get a cab or public transport. His contacts agenda still has an entry called "Minor", which stands for Minor position in the british government. He swallows his pride and presses
'Since Anna is still in early weeks of pregnancy, waiting is mandatory. Hence, we have two courses of action: before and after the baby is born. The second part is actually easier. The kid is yours, so you have no custody problems. Assuming she would be favourable, you could divorce her and share guardianship-'
John had been avoiding this too long. He toyed with the locked box a few times but never intending to open it. The closest call had been at the tarmac, and he was so grateful that Sherlock backed off at the time. But not now.
As for the house per se, he had to wait but finally the confirmation came: UK State officially changes his status to widower.
First thing he notices, Sherlock's bed isn't as soft as he believed. The mattress leans on the hard side, and is still more comfortable than John's… couple bed.
Sherlock wishes a cigarette right now, but there's no remedy for that. So he straightens his shirt and walks to the kitchen to prepare two reinforced shots of whisky. He gives one to John and settles with his own.
you pretty much had an affair before I left. You think I wouldn't notice? Now you want to extend the mistress status to Sherlock fucking Holmes, but be aware that
Now they have full control on information about Anna-Greta. There are no more additional variables with unexpected outcomes. Sherlock had solved that for him. They have a plan, and they can keep following it. He had fixed it for John.
Sherlock rolls his eyes back as another wave of the drug crosses his brain. He gets agitated, breathing laboured for a couple minutes. Then he stops, and appears to go down. It takes some moments before he opens his eyes. John approaches him. Sherlock regards him very softly, and his whole face smiles at him. 'Miss me?'
He flinches. 'I know I did wrong. I should have assisted you. But you know very well why I needed the space.'
A smile is already arising in his traitorous lips, and he tries to keep the chill before ascending the stairs. He can hear the faint sound of the violin, but not the usual I’m-trying-to-murder-by-noise typical from the periods in between cases, or the melancholic and agonizing melodies characteristic of the depressive episodes. He comes up slowly, stopping by the open door.
'The streets have ears.' John can't see him, but hears the smirk, knowing it is directed to himself. 'And they also told me Mary Watson left London hours ago, so there's no point to this. If you leave now I will even let you go.'
Mycroft's eyes narrow, mouth upturning slightly. 'I mean after that, John. You seem to be making yourself at home again in 221B. But surely you don't expect that Sherlock accommodates you and a baby in his flat that easily, do you?'
He raises the hand in his chest to trace that impossible face with his fingertips. A glass of scotch would masquerade the sensation of free fall his stomach is doing right now, but he must work with what he has. 'I love you.'
Hence, when he finally notices the cat has been following him around, he ignores it. He refuses to acknowledge it, and doesn't dare mention it to Sherlock. The cat is there walking along the Thames Banks, from a distance. It's sitting on a tree branch outside Connie Prince's flat. It had been chilling on a cat yoga pose at Vauxhall Arches where they saw Golem. It's perched at the top of an empty carriage at Battersea Station as John talks to the subway guy about Andrew West's case on the trails. It's even burying a poop under a bush right at the outside of the Diogenes club. It sits in a shadow corner of the Hickman Gallery, staring at John, during the whole countdown a kid makes on the speakerphone as Sherlock analyses a fake painting.
The unsaid implications are left hanging over them for a few minutes, but Sherlock can't hold back anymore. 'We can't keep doing this.'
Two agents walk by them with Anna cuffed between them both. She's crying, and looks at Sherlock. 'You ruined everything. I hate you so much. I wish I had shot you right that night.'
She shrugs. 'The way he is. He only needs to open his mouth to scare away someone with a romantic interest. It's funny to have a friend like that, but you know he's going to be the uncle bachelor forever.' she concludes chuckling as if the whole thing is very funny. John beg to differs.
The sound of the gun being unlocked is loud in the cramped kitchen. 'Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? Heard about you too. Now, I really don't like to talk much, but if you know so many things, you can tell me where she's going and
what kind of person I am. You were almost on your knees to make me come back.' she also throws the other bags in the backseat. 'You never complained about me paying the mortgage, because you are a pathetic poor dog that waves your tail to whomever throws a bone of affection.'
Sherlock squeezes his nape, looking right into his eyes. 'You're not used to the room. It's normal. You'll get used to it, just like you got used to sleep with Mary.'
Sherlock sits up, rolling his shoulders back and forth. 'PTSD nightmare. It's really fine. I just didn't block you because I was fast asleep myself.'
He hears a whisper of good-night from Sherlock and after that his steps growing distant. When John finally looks up he is already turning a street corner in the main road's path, probably to take a cab. He revolves to get back inside when a movement catches his attention.
He buys a digital thermometer and saline drops. At home, the thermometer already sterilized, he cleans the kitchen table and covers it with a duvet, putting Rosie on her stomach over it.
They avoid each other's gaze some more. They hear some clacking noises and are reminded of Anna's presence in the living room.
'This is pretty much rhetorical, considering both of you profit equally from the work partnership, even if you like to pretend otherwise in the website.'
'People get it wrong.' Sherlock replies smiling at him. 'You make it appears you're the social one, but you don't even have friends!'
'Yes.' he answers nonchalantly. 'She's working at the TI department  of an unimportant enterprise in Canary Wharf. Only façade of course. Mycroft made sure there will be a restriction order by tomorrow morning, when she usually is at her job. Perhaps they will even get free publicity.'
'Oh please, don't look like that. Daddy is so excited!' Moriarty smiled like a cartoon villain. 'I have a biiig project for you all. It will be… quite explosive!' he giggled.
'The depiction of animal's lifestyle, especially pigs, is evidently completely equivocal,' he arguments, 'but the children's behaviour they are supposed to emulate is actually disturbing. Which means is more interesting, because children are capable of being quite... creepy.'
Anna-Greta. He presumes that's how he should call her by now. According to the reports, all the documentation used was false, which meant he was never married after all.
Anna is at the living room watching TV, but when he closes the door behind him she turns it off and gets up to face him. He prepares himself for whatever is coming.
The difference between John and Sherlock's approach to people lies in the key question being asked. John keeps in mind
'It's comprehensible, John, ' she had told him with a condescending smile. 'It's a new phase of your life. Obviously you are nervous. Why don't you and Sherlock leave for a bit, uhn? Catch some criminals, fresh air!'
He looks around the cramped space. There is a cardboard box tucked in the corner, full of old clothes he never got around to donating. It's too soft for him to climb on it. He stands on tiptoes to check the first shelf. Far behind all the clutter, almost hidden from view, stands a framed painting.
So what if they are more comfortable with each other now? Everyone is content. Domesticity is blissful. Moriarty is dead, and Sherlock is back.
He goes back upstairs just before dawn, carrying a bottle of water and canned mackerel, which at least is not expired. He intends to keep his moping routine. Around mid-morning Mrs. Hudson knocks again on his door and he doesn't answer this time, pretending to be asleep.
He enters his living room to find Anna having tea with someone. It's an indian woman with boyish hair. She puts her cup on the coffee table and gets up to greet him.
Sherlock just shrugs. Then he rolls up his left sleeve, revealing telltale pinpoint scars. 'Those are from where I was a bit stupid.'
His head is foggy and the tub starts to move, making him fall to his knees on the wet floor. An automatic part of his brain guides him to cover his mouth with his hands in a shell shape, and breath into the tiny space created.
He looks at the angular face close to his own from between his fingers. 'I asked you not to be dead.'
From Anna-Greta in Hungary to Priscille Bonnay in Belgium to Lidiya Polzina in Russia to Rachel Bailey in the United States to Mary Morstan in Ireland. Verified 34 homicides, between other illegal activities. Attempted murder against one Sherlock Holmes. There wasn't even a chance the court wouldn't just accept his application. Due to the circumstances it was possible that it would even take less time than the usual.
‘Probably not. But I hope she’s shifty after that. I still have a card.’ Sherlock replied likewise, behind semi-closed eyelids. ‘Mycroft is sure she still has family in Hungary. He’s trying to contact them.’
'It was all over the news. I couldn't believe it! I was thinking you had stood me up, I was actually angry when I went to sleep, then in the morning when I heard about it I almost beat myself up. I should have checked on you, of course something had happened.'
'You said cut off?' Sherlock looks the same way he does when finding a clue at a crime scene. 'Let me see this.'
'We wouldn't do anything to be honest. Mycroft certainly can arrange the operation, the withdrawal of the corpse--'
She was right, she was being followed almost 24 to 7. Sherlock finds out by following her himself, with her agreement. After three days he is able to discern a white man in his early forties, if his appearance is not deceitful, always after her. He eats a sandwich while watching her fix her watch in a store on the other side of the road, and Sherlock drinks coffee while watching him. He sends Keona a message so she takes a little longer than necessary, so Sherlock can pickpocket the man. His ID shows: Todd Fuller, 46. He drops the wallet on the floor beside Todd, and leaves.
'Authentic.' she replies. 'About twelve weeks in a fortunate chance we could catch her gender. I thought I was safe by then, but a few days after that I woke up bleeding.'
things that shouldn't be easily accessed were in the closet, and a lock should be provided as soon as Rosie started walking.
By the way, no, I didn't watch the new teaser. I accidentally saw stuff about some parts of it and I was so anxious I had to avoid tumblr and twitter for days. I'm better now, but still checking them with caution. And yet first time I opened twitter after first thing I see is THAT AD AND PIC. A very good meta on tumblr calmed me a bit.
He escapes the next day. He stops by a supermarket and buys a cake that gives him diabetes only by looking, a packet of fancy biscuits and some birthday hats. In the way to Baker Street he meets Molly, who's bringing a mistrustful bag, so he doesn't ask. Greg is already at the door holding a small box. Mrs. Hudson opens the door for them.
. With Sherlock. Janine, who sold stories about him to the papers, who spent a whole month playing girlfriend with him who
They lie on their sides, watching each other. John opens his mouth and closes again. Sherlock frowns. 'What?'
His pulse is sky high. He keeps circling in the park, avoiding all the gates and looking around every second. He finally stops by a tree near a sideway entrance, twenty minutes later. Pushing the bike on his feet, he scrutinizes the street from the gates. People are coming and going quickly. The traffic has increased if anything. The shops across the road are still bustling, even if it was all dark now.
To add insult to the injury, their new way of interacting makes John stupid. Or even more stupid according to Sherlockian standards, which should not be reference for any average person. At random times of the day he finds himself grinning for
'You must be John Watson. Really nice to meet you! I'm Aadhya. Mary's old friend.' she smiles politely at him while they shake hands. 'I was
She gets up and strides to a fake plant next on the mantle. Sherlock watches as she takes out the plastic flowers and puts her hand inside the little vase. It comes out holding a plastic bag, like the ones used for evidence at the Met, containing a vivid green amount of smashed leafs. Sherlock widens his eyes hugely.
Same, not betaed, not brit-picked, not English-speaker, any mistakes please point them out and explain to me! Thank you!
'Ok, this is very awkward, don't stop in the middle of a sentence.' Sherlock says as he gets a biscuit. 'Thank you Mrs. Hudson. Come sit to evaluate too!'
The living room is a two room space, divided between dinner table for six people on one side and a sofa accompanied by two fancy chairs in front of a Smart TV on the other side. It doesn't have access to the balcony, but large windows to outside do the trick.
He takes the offered plastic bag, opening it careful to not contaminate the substance. It looks colourful and the smell is strong and vibrant. He takes a small bit and smothers between his fingers. It feels moist. 'Organic grown, and recently cured. This is high quality product.'
'Or the privilege of putting them there. Obviously she won't expect you to mean that while saying at her face. And she'll be softened after you say you didn't read the USB drive'
He keeps dozing off and only realises after he opens his eyes and the light through the window is different. He feels very weak, and doesn't manage to yell for help again. His skin is clammy and he shivers from time to time. It starts to get dark again, and he thinks that after being harassed by a criminal mastermind, jumped off a building, being tortured in multiple occasions all around the world, being shot by his best friend's wife, almost overdosing in middle flight, and suffered an attempted drowning by the wife's old colleague, this is a very stupid way to go.
'She will definitely talk, then.' John replies mischievously. Sherlock has a smile that mixes danger and fondness. 'People do little else.'
'So, does she prefer throwing the rattle or the giraffe?' he asks, taking a sip of the coffee he just prepared.
. 'No, I don't want that. And please don't let Mycroft or anyone else in my flat without my permission.'
The problem is, as time passes, he progressively goes from agitated to annoyed to furious. He knows it is no good to snap at the medical staff, but he can't help it when he knows he's being deliberately kept in the dark. Sherlock is not in his ward, so he deduces his condition is more serious than his. He hadn't had the stalls as coverage, so perhaps he is in the burning victims area? It wouldn't be a pretty sight for sure, but John doesn't care, he just wants to see him.
All the papers over the desk he divides in categories, and by cases. Many of them refer to Moriarty, across different categories, but John simply puts everything together inside a chunky plastic file, and moves to the archived section. He vacuums and dust, positions Sherlock's favourite pillows on the sofa, and even uses a pine air freshener.
John comes after her, watching incredulous as they hug and talk absolute nonsense. He spots Mycroft regarding him in a way that resembled the driver, but he honestly couldn't care less at the moment. He hears Sherlock telling Mycroft this is probably their last conversation, and he can't suppress the painful sigh.
When Mary received the call she had already heard the name. She'd been expecting this for months. If the guy was the Napoleon of crime, as everyone in the "underworld" seemed to think, he would work only with high-profile professionals.
When John breaks apart, he barely thinks before opening his stupid big mouth. 'I think your jumpers are cute.' he murmurs.
'Oh, you never saw the photos from our honeymoon! I printed an album, let me get it!' she bolts to the bedroom and comes back with a white cardboard box full of pictures, and he spends the next 40 minutes looking over every photo from their honeymoon at the beach. About to start on the wedding photos his phone chimes once.
He raises his point, but the fact that false documentation makes the marriage invalid forbids a divorce process, as the solicitor Mycroft put in his case affirms. He ends up marking the "The Petitioner/Respondent did not validly consent to its formation, whether in consequence of duress, mistake, unsoundness of mind or otherwise" option.
'For god's sake I wasn't going to steal some baby if that's what you think. I'm not like that!' she says indignantly. 'The idea occurred to me when you texted for Christmas. It was obvious what you wanted.'
Said subject is currently vigorously pumping her fists over one Sherlock Holmes' chest, so John decides to join her, cupping the nape of the victim, fingers tangling in the soft curls, and kissing him right over the full smile.
‘Do you think he’s right? Do you think I’m wrong about all this?’ he talks to the detective’s scalp.
! But I'll need more detailed pictures of her house.' he points at Sally, as if emphasising it, and then side-eyes John at the other end of the L table. 'And don't think I'm not aware you are pushing this to me conveniently two days before the deadline your publisher gave you.'
knows he mostly wants to get off with her, and after coming back to England everything going on (or not) in his life contributed to having a very long dry spell. She's a smart woman, with a kinda funny bone in her, and seeing him getting increasingly frustrated by her push and pull technique must be hilarious from her point of view. And yet, he reached the sofa so the bed must be coming soon. After the whole chinese circus kidnapping episode, the fact that she keeps it going is a good sign of her resilience to people like him.
'Not everything is about you.' he sniffs and narrows his eyes at her. 'What if Rosie was here, uhm? Are you going to tell me who this is?'
Sherlock said that drawing a plan would help at first. So he scribbled a living room, with cabinets in a semicircle by the walls. First one for human anatomy, then other for diseases and its symptoms plus one for treatment pharmacos. This should be good to start with. Seeing the visual part was the purpose of the whole thing, he imagined the place in soft yellow wallpaper, the two windows decorated with closed curtains and a sofa in the middle.
, and they both collaborate when the crime requires it, but Sherlock still keeps a biggest part of the workload purely by path dependence.
Of course it's not overly advertised. There's a small note in the newspaper, saying a mistake took place in the reports. John doesn't volunteer any more information and Mycroft is evicted from the flat when he starts to question too much. He asks Sherlock to make the tea like usual (before the pool) so Mrs. Hudson won't bother, and he sends a text to Greg suggesting not offering work for a little while, as they both just came out as victims from the last case. John just wants to enjoy Sherlock's company and keep it to himself.
Jim makes a face not much different from a kindergarten teacher reprimanding a kid. 'Because then you will,
By instinct he ducks and plasters himself to the linoleum floor. His ears are roaring, a constant vibration in his head muting all the sounds from outside. He opens his eyes, not having registered closing them, but the edges are all blurred. He fumbles the floor, it doesn't seem shaky or broken. For a long minute he doesn't understand at all what is happening.
Rosie plays with her gifts in the living room while her godparents argue about correct proportions of flour and vanilla in the first-time-in-years-appropriate-to-cook kitchen. After the cake is in the oven, and the only thing he can do is wait, Sherlock comes to sit on the carpet with her, and shows how to do chemical elements with modeling clay.
Long story short. I moved out from my family home, because I'm taking a master degree in another state. So the last two weeks were very busy, I should have anticipated. Btw, since my classes started already I'll be posting the chapters on weekends from now on! Hope you haven't given up on me? #oops
song, and he can feel cold sweat beginning to form in his brow. They finally stop and Anna immediately leaves the car, quite quick for her size, already smiling to Sherlock.
! Who could say their lives are as hilarious as John's? John reheats some soup while Sherlock spends a long time in the bathroom washing away the make-up.
He spends hours with Rosie on the carpeted floor showing her how the movement is supposed to be done. She pushes up to her elbows and watches him very curiously. John refrains from saying he looks like teaching some tricks to a dog, because at least they are entertained.
'You are not taking anything from me.' he picks John's hand. The size disparity in them would have made him embarrassed years ago, but now he just shivers at the notion. 'The work is important but it's not everything. And I'm just downsizing, not giving it up. Besides...'
She stares right back at him, wearing the blank face he learned to despise. 'Honestly, I don't know. Could be anyone.'
Knuckles rap the door to the living room, interrupting his monologue. 'Woo-hoo! Oh, look who is here!'
"That's how this ends? Quite pathetic, isn't it" she thought bitterly. And then Bee Gees started to play.
When he comes back to the flat, laundry done, it is to find the place looking like… a cat palace or something. There is a huge cat tree combo of bed-scratcher-tunnel positioned beside the window in such a way that if he is laying on the top bed he can watch the street. A few toys are scattered around, John can see even a plush mouse hidden between the cushions of the sofa, an empty cardboard box under their desk and a godforsaken electric water fountain sits at a corner of the kitchen.
.  It means he's going to stay, right? He's not leaving like he said. He will not pursue women anymore, and Sherlock will love him everyday and they will kiss all the time, and they will go back to crime scenes together, and Sherlock will play him the song he composed with John in mind and-
John sees him out and goes back to the living room. He sits on the arm of Sherlock’s chair and buries his nose in the silky curls. He must have washed his hair this morning because it’s smelling like expensive conditioner with the notes of argan oil he hides on the far back of the cabinet but John knows it’s there.
He enters the bathroom, locking the door behind him. He undresses to his pants, going to the digital scale in a corner. He distracts himself for some moments analysing the displayed numbers. He lost three pounds since last week, and he still wants to go down another six at least. At the beginning of their marriage, before Mary decided shooting people was a good way out of her problems, she used to tease him about his newly gained weight. Which was why he decided to cycle to work, killing two birds with one stone: losing weight and avoiding talking to her in the idle time of commute. In retrospect, he should have suspected something was off with them.
He moves to the box of his desk stuff, still set aside in plain sight, takes the papers hidden there for god knows how long now, and hands them to Sherlock. He reads them confused at first, lips moving as he reads silently to himself. He shakes his head a bit and goes back to the top of the document. John waits.
Entering the empty house is strange. He doesn't really feel like he's been living here for so long. Anna had chosen almost everything, and he didn't pay much thought in it. After leaving Baker Street when Sherlock faked his death he actually moved twice. When they started dating he had been in a horrible kitchenette with a single bed, so he never invited her to his place. He never really felt like this house was his, not like 221B, so he has no idea why he considered telling Sherlock he wasn't moving back in.
‘Don't look at me like that, young man.’ she playfully scolds him, then coming closer to theatrically whisper to him. ‘I think he’s in a good mood. By-ee!
It's absolutely lovely to kiss every inch of the large shoulder blades while constantly rubbing his lower back, nuzzling his nose on Sherlock's nape. He finds himself quite fond of the back of Sherlock's knees, as they show to be very sensitive. He turns Sherlock back, taking in the untamed state of his hair and can't contain a grin.
'They conceded Sherlock's provisory freedom.' he informs her while she is putting away some clothes for donation.
John smiles at him, all soft at the edges, like there's no one else in the room. He smiles back, but can't bear to look at it much longer, so he directs his glance to the floor, trying to control the flutter in his stomach.
'Cambridge.' he answers. 'He was volunteering in a dog adoption event, when one of the dogs escaped and bit me. He came to rescue it and offered to help me. I wasn't much sociable but he was very kind and kept talking to me after that. He asked me on a date few months after.'
A month later takes Sherlock, Rosie and Mrs. Hudson to a flower show fair in central London, to the insistence of the later. Sherlock argues that she doesn't have a garden or any open space appropriate to the cultivation of overpriced flowers and her window sills are too narrow even for small vases, so going there it's a waste of time for both them and the traders. She just shushes him.
They are no more than a shadow, since the light doesn't quite reach inside the grave hole. They stick their paw on John's direction and touch him once on his hand. John offers them the hand in question, and without warning the cat claws him, leaving a three thin red lines trail on his skin. Seconds later the blood comes up, just staining the skin as it is a very shallow wound.
'And I don't even know how to start! Basically she lied about everything. She was a criminal, she even worked for Moriarty before Sherlock faked his death!'
John chuckles at that. ‘Only because a certain detective likes smooth skin. I wouldn’t mind growing a beard.’
'Was a bit cranky, the poor lamb, but Sherlock took care of her so I think the cold won't develop much further.' she says over tea. 'Some of the brother's people were here earlier, and told me to go to my sister's for a while. What is going on, John? Where is Mary?'
Sherlock blinks. John wants to beat himself up. He didn't mean to sound so vehement, but he had been startled. 'My bed is smaller.' he adds quickly. 'It wouldn't be comfortable for both of us. Sorry.'
He pulls Sherlock’s face to his once again, and he’s aware that having a glorious lapful of consulting detective won’t make it easy for him to go away, but he still has an irrational jealousy to work on with his therapist and years of lost opportunities piling up in his record, so he will take everything he can get.
'I just don't know where to go.' he presses his palm over his brow in frustration. 'What do I even have? A blog I haven't updated in over two years?'
Oh, of course John. She knew Rosie would be there today. She made friends there. She wanted you to look incapacitated in public.'
he breathes in relief, his gun is still there, beautiful and dismounted. There are two bullets at the bottom of the box. He mounts the revolver as silent as he can, unlocks it, and plasts himself against the door, trying to hear what is going on.
If everything you learn is categorized and compartmentalized, whatever remains is outlier and must be deleted. If it's not associated with what you made easier to remember, you won't remember at all. It would fall in the brain void in a very deliberate mechanism.
Sherlock visibly deflates, holding the towel firmly against his back. John obliges himself to keep looking at him, visual contact is important for him to
Mrs. Hudson approaches all smiles, dropping a kiss on Rosie's forehead. 'If I knew she was here I would have come up as soon as I arrived.'
to him. He manages to record a video and send to Sherlock (and tells him to show to Mrs. Hudson), and Molly, and Greg, and even Mycroft.
He bites his tongue hard to hold back a sob. He puts everything back quickly and the box back in place. He completely forgets about the towel and marches steadfastly to the living room. Sherlock is lying prostrated on the sofa, a forearm over his brow, the other arm pending by his side, regarding the ceiling.
He tries not to rush, since there's no reason to, but it's hard to not bounce anxiously. At Baker Street he thanks Mrs. Hudson and sees her to her flat, before running to Sherlock's office.
He is at his desk, and Rosie sleeps on the carpet in front of it, surrounded by toys. Sherlock gets up at the sight of him. 'I'm sorry John, I didn't notice her getting sleepy while talking to Lestrade, and I thought it was best not to move her- hmmf'
He swallows. 'I'm sorry. I really am. It wasn't supposed to happen this way. Why didn't you call me?'
Bringing Wiggins to drug everyone into torpor so they could run with MI-6 top secret documents and whatever exists in that notebook was something Sherlock absolutely knew would upset John in many ways, so John is not surprised in the least. It makes sense that they need to wipe out Magnussen's information on Anna-Greta and for that a valuable exchange is required. That Sherlock had the balls to do it also doesn't make John blink.
John doesn't answer him, so he leaves. Closer to lunchtime, Mrs. Hudson comes over. John had been dreading this would happen, so he pretends to sleep the whole time. He can hear her sniffing, so he counts backwards from 100 to distract himself. She also leaves.
'She almost went down the stairs!' he replies furiously, going downstairs again, Rosie secured in his arms. 'How did she get there?'
‘Well, when I touched the baby topic she didn’t seem much excited about it. I questioned if she thought she was ready to be a mother and she changed the conversation. I don’t know, it was a bit weird. Oh, and John, do you think she should be drinking coffee so close to the due date? She felt a bit sick afterwards.’
Mrs. Hudson cries on the spot as he sets his feet back on 221. He basically flees the scene and locks himself upstairs. He feels marginally bad that he can't be supportive of her, even if it's just giving his shoulder for five minutes, but he's not a support even to himself at the moment, so he opts out of the mourning rituals.
'I hope so.' she turns her back to him and comes back to sleep, or at least pretend to. He stays in shock for a few moments before turning off the mobile and putting it back on the bedside table.
He places his free palm on Sherlock's chest, right over the spot where, under the layers of clothes, is located the most cruel scar on his body, in John's opinion. The bullet wound, right in the middle of his torax. The one that made Sherlock's clinical death a reality for two long minutes.
Walking back home he thinks about his career possibilities. He needs flexibility, to be able to help Sherlock, an activity that has always pleased him, and also be a constant to Rosie, who despite everything was deprived of a mother. He also needs money. It's just so many factors he has to work on, it's hard to make a plan of action.
‘It's just-‘ he runs a hand over his face. ‘It took us so long and someone steps forward and I can’t help but think: back off, this is mine!’
'Excuse me? What are you even-' and the door slams on his face. There are three scheduled patients next and a couple walk-ins, so he can't go after explanations right now. His blood is boiling the rest of the morning, though.
John relocates his hand from the thigh to the warm back, caressing it in wide circles. He touches the side of Sherlock's nose with his own, relishing the feeling of Sherlock's eyelashes against the top of his cheeks. 'Anytime.'
He sighs. 'I do. Just not frequently. Also not something I require most of the times. Really John, if you want to do something you just have to ask, and I'll say yes or no.'
has been sparring him of so much since he came back. John had told him to fuck off and he did, and yet he ran straight to a bonfire to save him. John made him be his best man knowing he hated these things, and the man took care of the minimal details, even warning off his fiancé's ex who still nurtured feelings for her. His wife actively shoots him in the heart, and his priority is to unveil the truth to John in the most trustworthy fashion. He hid his own problems to John could resolve his, without asking for nothing.
She crosses her arms over her chest, looks over the kitchen table and oven. 'Didn't know she was already eating food.'
John waits for Mycroft to finish, but he doesn't add anything else. Anna straights up next to him, but he avoids looking at her. Silence fills the room.
'She has a noteworthy criminal history. It's the best outcome for her, honestly. Her sister doesn't live at the capital, but she can visit from time to time.'
'Sure, and I'll be there to pick up the pieces even if you don't admit it! My efficiency at work would be
Kitchen and living room are the biggest frogs. He starts with the kitchen since it leans on the practical side. Fridge first: everything that seems expired or rotten goes to the rubbish bin. Experiments… he's not so sure about the stage of those, but it's been two unsupervised weeks, so they are probably spoiled anyway. Bottles of chemicals are left where they are, body parts starting to get green go to rubbish. The ones in the freezer he leaves untouched, surely they will have some purpose later.
Yeeeey, for everyone questioning Mycroft in here. There it is. I'll try to update on Monday but I won't promise anything. I'll just leave the synopsis for the next chapter here......
Anna looked over his shoulder. 'Strange.' John doesn't respond, but he feels the same. Why would Mycroft take his time to come to his house having text or calls as alternative? Something was amiss.
He puts down the empty beer. 'Could say so. He had a motivation at least. Took months, and he relapsed a couple times, but I think he managed very well. When you came by he really was clean.'
So, really, while he is enough of an idiot to not have expected, he gives himself credit for not being exactly
He invested money he didn't have in the cabinets, it was his mind after all. They were classically made of thick dark wood with carved flowers, and sophisticated golden door knobs. He envisioned himself sitting at the sofa just staring at the living room many times until it was familiar enough. Then he started to fill the cabinets. His data was abstract of course, but somehow thinking about putting it in a solid place made it tangible.
It's not an urgency, since the solicitor guaranteed him his house had a high requested profile so it wouldn't take long to be sold. Having that money on his bank account would make things very comfortable for a while. In addition he decides for including all the furniture in the negotiation. The solicitor had told him it would enhance the aggregated value of the property, which is always good news.
He moves for her to pass, closing the door immediately after. He runs to the kitchen, Sherlock hot in his heels. The detective tries to get the paper bag before him, but John has the surprise advantage, so he just sticks his hand inside and pulls a small box, surrounding the table to put distance between him and Sherlock.
'I've been thinking you know,' she says scrolling down some website. 'since John and Mary are such common names, we should choose something more unique to her.'
After his conversation with Ella, he decided not to bring this conversation up. For now. Yeah, still working on that part.
Of course she was an old acquaintance of work, if they really know each other long as Aadhya had said. Instead of querying Anna as he wanted he decides for texting Sherlock discreetly.
John giggles and pecks him, carefully storing that info for later. ‘Let's see what we can do about it.’
He looks incredulously from one to the other and spreads his arms. 'Sure thing. It does seem we are in need of some
Silence falls awkwardly as the elephant in the room flees. John and Sherlock just stare at each other, the latter showing a worrying pale complexion and the first ignoring his bitten tongue. Sherlock finally gives in and sits on the sofa, not looking at him. John notices he's positioned right in the middle, as if discouraging him to come closer.
'I'm aware now that I never said that properly to you. I think I took for granted that you were here. So I'm saying now. I love you.'
John sighs and puts his breakfast aside and folds his hands on the table. 'Look, it's time to get back to reality. Anna is gone, and you don't need to coddle me anymore.'
John believes him, and thankfully it is over by the end of the afternoon. Sherlock waits by the sink as he takes a shower. He finds out Wiggins came by and left him the clothes that were back at the house. There's also a note saying "
They lock George's wrists and ankles, and drag him together to the living room, positioning him to face the bare wall. They go back to the balcony to wait for the personnel to arrive, watching the incredible view side by side.
Sherlock widens his eyes at him. 'Sorry to sprung that on you, needed to get it out. I talked around it last time, putting
don't go where I can't follow you. Heck, he tried to make Sherlock run and save himself, but he didn't listen. And look how that ended.
He still hasn't talked to Sherlock about the adoption papers he's been studying for so long, but he hopes they'll have the opportunity soon. He just doesn't know how to start a conversation like this, with so much meaning. This means he expects
Finally, her face softens, and she pushes the door a bit more open. 'I accept your apology then. Perhaps you should learn how to ask for help, when needed?'
For someone so impatient with slow performance and intolerant of obtuseness, Sherlock was a surprisingly good teacher. John had been correct when he assumed the process was similar to meditation, but instead of clearing one's mind, he ought to compartmentalize information in categories and subcategories. Picturing this as rooms of a house was in fact a way to activate visual memory, which is the easier to remember.
John immediately drops everything, pulling back his head to look at his face. The grey-blue eyes are hidden behind closed eyelids. The muscles around them are locked, he couldn't be mistaken as a sleeping person. Some seconds later, John's being stared down again. He can't move much farther than he is because Sherlock never released him.
'I prefer fish to be honest.' she continues. 'But John loves Shepherd's pie. Love is about compromising to your spouse sometimes.'
'Oh look at you! Much better than vomiting in a plastic bag, isn't it?' she says while John bites his tongue.
'Am I running out of time?' he asks the cat, cleaning some sweat from his eyes with the back of his hand.
'Oh my god, can you at least breath through it?' John puts a hand over his left breast. 'I'll pretend I didn't hear the first part. I'm glad you enjoyed, tho.'
A man wearing a balaclava and Liverpool cap stands behind her, holding a knife to her neck. He nudges her back and she speaks.
? He did go all the way to another continent to get his wife back, however, during the flight back it occurred to him that perhaps she hasn't wanted to be rescued. He had followed the signal from the implanted GPS, perplexed at the long way she took just so she wouldn't be noticed. She also never told him what she was doing in the during the travel.
'Yes, Grace, I don't know how long I will be away, sorry for that.' John ignores Sherlock now trying to hack into MI6 database and makes some calls of his own. 'My leave is already being renewed? Oh, that's great. No no, of course it was me, I just wanted to be sure the, uhm, documentation went through. Thank you.' he hangs up and takes a piece of paper out of Rosie's hand just one second before going into her mouth.
your job to do anything. I never asked you to meddle with my life!' Sherlock says already altering his voice. John starts to get really nervous.
He moves to give him a peck. Sherlock lets him, but doesn't really retribute. 10:21pm. There is no time.
Nursing wasn't actually so bad. At uni she heard a lot that nurses were only wannabe doctors who failed, or didn't have the capacity. But she never had the interest in being a doctor. It was being a nurse that planted the idea that she could be an assassin.
They exchange greeting kisses, like they used to do before. She turns to John, who has Rosie in her baby carrier. 'And my little girl, I barely see you too nowadays. Come here.'
didn't do anything except coming back from the dead apparently.' she replies curtly, and starts to close the door.
They turn to see John striding to them. He watches the scene with wide eyes, and his cheek has pillow marks. He notices Sherlock's bleeding, and kneels on the floor carelessly of the glass, which makes Mrs. Hudson tut. '
'You must.' he replies a bit breathless already. John puts one knee on Sherlock's chair and slouches to him. They kiss unhurriedly, gleefully, and Sherlock can get high on it.
'Hmm.' he entangles his long legs with John's. 'Let me try again. I told you that you and I are finally friends now.'
‘Counterproductive.’ she shrugs. ‘Like telling yourself to not fall in love with someone because you don’t have a chance with them. It never works that way with emotions. I does work with your behaviour.’
John feels as if a weight is removed from his chest. He nods and gets up to leave. At the door, Mycroft calls him. 'John? Thank you for taking care of him. I don't think he would let me.'
'I don't know.' she gives the cup back to him and reclines on the sofa. 'Perhaps the chicken sauce was off. I'll rest a bit.'
. The post only made his own chest pang, and he chose to let Mary take over his attention, even if it had annoyed him.
If anything, Mary is more like Magnussen. Surviving in the world using low morals and wretched methods, supported by a highly skilled mindset. Magnussen had fallen because his strength was also his weakness: his storage of blackmail information was inaccessible, but it was of no use if said storage organ got splattered on the ground. And Mary's weakness is going to be the trap technique she used for John: Rosie.
She seems very distressed, though. The night before she had been feeling nauseated and went to sleep early, but she still looks sick. When they show Aadhya's picture next to Moriarty's, she presses a hand to her stomach, frowning deeply.
'But I don't understand the purpose of the video at all.' he replies, confused. 'Why get attention like that when she could be working underground?'
Furthermore, it wasn't just acting was it? He has to actively lie to someone he's been having mixed feelings - leaning on the despise side. He would have to pretend to forgive someone he definitely doesn't want to forgive, he would have to pretend to forget Anna-Greta's story, when it was embed in his brain.
Finally at 221B they put away their coats and also shoes. John finds a bottle of whiskey half full at the cabinet and fills a glass. To his surprise, Sherlock surges behind him and picks a glass for himself. They sit at their chairs, still in the same place John left them, pushed close. When Sherlock doesn't put his legs again in his lap, John tugs at his trousers indicating him he should.
He holds his breath. Mycroft had promised London was clear for them. Surely it wouldn't be related to a case? They had nothing dangerous since Todd Fuller. And MI6 hadn't given his gun back.
'Cheers. It's all I ask.' he looks impossibly mellow, and Sherlock just wants to bury himself in his arms and never come out. 'Also. Well. I'm terrible at relationships, ok? You're not the reason I got dumped by all my girlfriends, you were just… the vector.'
Sherlock avoids his gaze by fiddling with invisible lint on his trousers, John just stares at him agape for some moments.
John holds Sherlock's face with one hand while pressing kisses on his forehead, both his cheekbones, the side of his nose, his closed eyelid, the corner of his mouth, the tantalising curve of his jaw. Then one, two, three pecks on the full lips. Sherlock has one hand caressing John's scalp and the other resting right over his bare buttock.
The cat is everywhere, and it makes John increasingly unnerved. He prefers to attribute the feeling to the bombings case, especially after the old woman dies. He feels like a sitting duck, and he wants Sherlock to
'You are not taking care of me because you worry, it's because you think I'm incapable of doing things on my own!' John is sure Sherlock is on the verge of shouting.
John finishes the whisky before speaking. 'Nothing actually happened between me and James. He would come to the medical tent at night and we… talked. About everything. I never felt lonely when he was there. There was an occasion when I thought we were going to kiss, but someone entered the tent asking for painkillers and we lost the moment. He was my superior, it would be a mess if people found out.'
The conversation about everything that truly happened had been a success in John's opinion, considering the whole impossible aspect of it. Sherlock had never seen a tabby cat, but he heard some tales about them. John had mentioned the cadet in Afghanistan, Harry, and even Mrs. Hudson, who apparently has some stories of her own to share.
He goes to the kitchen again to finish the can of soup, left on the counter. An hour later he is facing diarrhea in the bathroom, which is a great improvement because at least he has a reason to stay up all night and be distracted by it.
On the thirteenth day a storm takes Brighton, with thunders and everything. Rosie is very afraid of the noise, so Sherlock takes her to the balcony and explains all the science behind precipitation, including why rainfall happens, all the temperatures water can reach before changing state, electricity discharge at the atmosphere and why the sky gets dark. It's a long and boring monologue, so she stops crying and sleeps half through it. John doesn't know if he never noticed or just didn't care, but in any way the takes a picture on his phone, and he is sure Sherlock didn't see it.
They had started giggling while kissing. John fell to the sofa besides Sherlock, who drove closer instead of budging up. His body had been all turned in John’s direction, like a sunflower to the light.  John noticed he was slouching a bit to maintain the eye-level, and that he kept moving minutely as if contemplating something, looking directly at his face.
She sighs. 'I was going to tell you I lost her. But I had to guarantee I wasn't going to lose you too. We could have tried again. We could have adopted if that didn't work. But I wanted our family. I thought we wouldn't need all this. I didn't consider I would have to lie for so long. I thought we would move on. But you never moved on, did you? You weren't there for me, never.'
and tries to move away, but John holds him firmly and turn his back to his own view. Sherlock's shoulders get very tense.
John is already shaking his head. 'No. Let her do whatever she thinks it's best. But what the guy said is worrying me. That he's not the only one who wants to know.'
John exchanges a quick look with Sherlock but he has already turned to the living room, apparently looking for his violin, so he follows Mycroft downstairs. At the door they stop, Mycroft with his back to him and a hand on the doormat. The dramatic tendencies definitely run in the family, John thinks.
'Well, it's just that I went to check the thermostat upstairs and noticed a lot of fur around your door. You two are not getting animals up there, are you?'
If Sherlock could choose a way to be shot and die, it would certainly would be in the middle of his forehead, where the effect is instantaneous. This idiot would end up shooting him sideways, through his cheekbone or somewhere equally dreadful, leaving him with some sort of paralysis and very much alive.
What if she stopped him. Stopped all of this theatrical puzzle. Without Sherlock Holmes in the way, Moriarty would back to normality maybe? She could keep her two jobs, excellent incomes, and even pursue a family. David seemed keen in developing their baby relationship. She would be able to wait a few more years before dropping the assassin ordeal.
He turns back to the heavy bag, punching it lightly, adjusting his position. His wedding band is safe at home, in a drawer of his bedside table. He would put it back when it came the time. But right now, even feeling tense for weeks, he can't think of dating or anything related. He barely masturbates, and when he does he finds it hard to concentrate. Now he interacts with a hot woman and doesn't even have the impulse to flirt with her.
Rosie goes to her without much fuss, but she does look at both her father and godfather abruptly, like she's checking they are still there. She appears a bit wary in John's opinion, so he smiles at her, even if he feels uncomfortable. Mary hasn't really been present for most of her short life anyway.
Which is why, after work, instead of going back home he opts for invading Mycroft's office, a place he hasn't been to in years. There's a young man behind a large computer monitor at the reception, with a bluetooth phone device connected to his ear. It's the type of worker trained to ignore whoever stops at the desk and makes you feel displaced, which is not going to happen today.
Both turn to look at him behind protective goggles. Rosie's face is almost entirely hidden by it. 'You were going to throw it away.'
He beams at John, looking at him through his eyelashes. 'Now we have to practise how you are going to tell her, and also what you shouldn't mention while living with her.'
A car stops and he gets in immediately. By his mental calculations, forty minutes on a bus from the suburbs to Paddington, he must have been close already. Then he paused. Orange?
They choose what Sherlock perceives as an adequate glass vase. John complements it with a bunch of pink carnations. He proposes going to dinner, and Sherlock accepts. It's sort of the end of a case, after all. They opt for a greek restaurant and it feels so much like old times, like the last three years never happened, that it takes a bit of John's breath away.
Obviously he would be good with knives, John thinks watching him rapidly transforming a whole onion in small same-size cubes. Sherlock seems to possess dexterity in all manual activities. John moves around him with a hand on the small of his back to take a look at the recipe on his phone, lying on the kitchen table.
'I chose to marry you. I'm still angry but I'll respect that. We-' he pauses to deep breath again. He sees Mrs. Hudson in his peripheral vision with a tray of biscuits.
John throws the door open and bolts downstairs. Mrs. Hudson is watching from the kitchen doorway as a couple men with some cardboard boxes go around the flat, collecting stuff. Mycroft is near the window, where Sherlock's music stand usually is located, packing away music sheets that have been lying about. Not-Anthea holds the violin case with one hand and types on her Blackberry with the other.
He closes his eyes for a second before looking up to the ceiling, trying to regain composure. The gunwoman kneels to cut the tie around his ankles, while Jim watches him with a satisfied smirk. At the corner of his eye, he sees the cat still perched on the top of the stall wall. They stare at each other, and John motions his head in Jim's direction as subtle as he can.
'You really couldn't. Delusion, remember?' he looks right at her defiant eyes for the first time. 'Everything that happened in the last months, it was all you.'
And of course, there are no lawyers prepared to argue with this logic. What are even the laws applied? What if everything is just a self-fulfilled prophecy, and you are the one at fault for desiring something so impossible to occur without negative repercussions?
John shows the phone screen to Sherlock a last time. He takes a look and resumes plucking at his violin.
It's perplexing how she is throwing money at him, like bringing gifts from a vacation trip. The whole ordeal stinks of something old he had hoped was putrefied. He keeps reminding himself that it probably never died if Ajay was able to find her - and she was able to find him. Linkages that seemingly were never completely cut off.
'If you had asked me, I'd have said to take care when dealing with tabby cats. They are very unpredictable, and sometimes the prices are high.' she raises her eyebrows knowingly, and closes the door behind herself, leaving him gaping at her.
Sherlock snorts and wraps the towel around his back, despite it being very humid and probably uncomfortable.
'She's at Joyce's. I told her you'd pick her up at 3:30.' he says while looking for a clean shirt in their wardrobe. Mary just hums in response, turning off the blow drier and gathering her purse, laying over the bed.
She had a ginger cat that would sit on the porch for hours watching the birds and bugs. Sometimes a moth would land on the wall, and the cat would stand under it, staring unwaveringly, making a clicking sound that seemed like a siren song, because if you blinked, the moth would be already in the cat's mouth.
Mycroft sighs. 'I've been in contact Hungary authorities and also some… connections in CIA. Obviously the quite shocking recent discovery shifted the negotiations. But I believe I'm close to manage a place for her in the Forensic Psychiatric and Mental Institution from the Hungarian Prison Service, in Budapest.'
He doesn't sit at the sofa of his mind bungalow, pushing it until it was in front of the cabinet in the corner instead. He climbs it to reach the top shelf, where he deliberately the box so he wouldn't be able to pick up easily. It's locked as always, and he had convinced himself that he lost the key, but he stops being dishonest. They key is inside his pocket, had been there all along.
And then all the fights, all the stress, all the nights badly slept thanks to neurosis of his phone being hacked into, the terrible bully dinner. Sherlock stupidly purposefully overdosing, Sherlock stepping inside a plane to never come back, Sherlock teaching him how to act in front of a murderer liar, Sherlock getting threatened and
Sherlock softens at this, and it's such a good look John could stare at him forever. 'You shouldn't be home late.'
That was when he had run to a small side street and called Sherlock, after a lot of fumbling and dropping his phone. The drive home made him nauseated, but when he limited visual input, Sherlock's heartbeat started booming in his ears, and he developed a sudden awareness of his smell, overpowering and addictive. Being buried in Sherlock's chest had been a breath of heaven following the biggest physical distress since he was shot.
'Last time you were here you said you were going to propose to your girlfriend. Also, your friend came back, which was quite surprising by the way, but you seemed very content. And the last post was about your wedding day.' she says with a knowing look. He flexes his hands. 'Is this about your marriage?' she finishes.
'He was. But-' he cleans his throat. 'I've never killed anyone before.' he says in a really small voice. John blinks.
'Lovely. I'm sure you can call them later for tea.' he sits down in front of him. 'Let's have a little chat about you using Sherlock again as exchange currency.'
John blinked at him. 'So, in sum you are suggesting boxing to me because you used to and it helps to relax?'
John starts to panic again. The conversation with Mycroft, when Sherlock was in the hospital, comes to his mind. Is he intruding too much? He doesn’t doubt Sherlock would accept them if John asked but, is it fair? He guesses it’s time to see Ella. So many questions are making him beyond nervous.
The inspector snatches the last crispy chips on the plate. 'You'd never say they would break up to be honest. I was detective sergeant at the time, and he harassed me in his typical way about how the DI of my unit was terrible at finding culprits of murders. He got most of it from the news, it was astonishing. But his hints were surprisingly insightful, and people started to pay attention at me for them, so I visited sherlock at his crappy flat in Soho now and then. Sometimes Victor was there.'
He is hesitant to let Sherlock leave his sight. He makes sure to stand nearby whenever he is. He tries not to be so obvious as to follow him room to room, but he does propose a lot of joint activities on a daily basis, like having meals, watching the telly, looking up weird murders on the internet, reading forensic medicine articles.
They shake hands, although Eszter seems a bit uptight. 'I'm sorry to meet you in these circumstances.' he says. She just frowns at him.
Dinner is a bizarre affair in all aspects. First, Anna is behaving like nothing ever happened. She's all sweet smiles and bold looks and easy conversation, like back when they were dating. But the cherry in the pie is when she reclines a bit in her seat to consider him. 'You never ask about me.' She affirms with wonder.
to know I'm below him in your concern ranking!' she bangs her hand forcefully against the table surface. John urges himself to stay calm when in fact he's a bit disturbed.
Sherlock colours slightly, and just grumbles something with his mouth full. The notebook is made with thick and high quality paper. He's making a collage of photos, newspapers pieces and printed emails. There are pens in at least five different colours, post-its in various sizes, and the whole thing looks bloody trendy in John's opinion. He recognises the elephant in the room case from the current page.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at him, clearly not satisfied. 'You can sleep on my bed if you want. I'm not tired now but I can join you later.'
He guesses the man will leave after being denied John's presence, but John hears some commotion downstairs. Other people's voices. He frowns and opens the door just ajar, trying to hear what's happening.
On the eighth day Sherlock finds out they can ask the dessert trolley to be brought upstairs so he can choose what to eat. He neglects proper dinner picks a blueberry cheesecake, a lemon tart, an apfelstrudel and chocolate ice cream. John eats his smoked salmon with roasted potatoes and even a pretty colourful salad in accompaniment, watching Sherlock stuff himself into a sugar induced comatose. He actually manages to brush his teeth before passing out on the sofa. Since the thing is large and comfy enough, John lets him be.
The whole situation was so unnerving her finger on the trigger got antsy. Ten years behind she would have loved this, but right now she didn't know what she wanted. Maybe her energies for this sort of life were already drained. It was starting to make her angry.
'I know the drill, Holmes.' she replies matter-of-fact. 'Talk to you later.' and closes the door behind her.
John hasn't been to breakfast since christmas, so obviously Sherlock doesn't have anything suitable for consumption in the fridge. After they eat at Speedy's John coerces him to help making the living room somewhat presentable again, since there's still glass on the carpet, and the table is turned up which means all the trash on it is on the floor now.
But he never went with her. She never mentioned going again. He also didn’t recommend, even if he should have.
Sherlock follows a squirrel with his gaze, running up a tree. 'He wasn't always like that. If anything, my escapade was his motivation. I realised after he found me he went hysterical when he couldn't contact me, nor find any address with my name on the lease. This of course led to the state you're more familiar with: overbearing, interfering and extremely nosy.'
What he didn't tell John was his own fears. The ones he is trying very hard to conceal right now. The intrusive thoughts keep clouding his determination, and it's so annoying how he doesn't
John.' she replies softer this time, which makes him blink, confused. 'I'm grateful. But Sherlock needs to know it's time to pull back now. Let us live our lives and go pursue his own. He can be like any other friend, commenting our posts on facebook and visit from time to time, but
'And tell them what?' she replies sardonically, 'Explain why there are people wanting to kill me? Expect they put me on victim protection?'
He didn't ask to recover his body, fair enough. He had asked in the middle of an existentialism discourse, and John can quote in his head to this day, "I want to be able to fly.". A quiet meow and a heartbeat later, half-man became a typical long-eared bat and flew away, just like he wanted.
He hadn't intended to, but he gathers from her tone that he would be in trouble if he didn't. 'Yeah, sure.' he gets up and she smiles at him.
John sighs relieved. Teething he can deal with. Mary cleans some invisible dirt from her thighs and stands. 'Look, I also came to say that I need to leave again.'
The scars are clearly result of violence. He can even a see a tiny cigarette burn near the waistline. They follow no particular pattern, but John's trained medical eye detects that they were quite painfully produced. 'When this happened?' he asks finally, barely trusting his voice not to crack.
John groans. 'I question myself everyday if all this is worth and then I feel guilty for doing it, and then angry that I can't feel comfortable and-'
As soon as his shift ends he goes to Baker Street, and he feels like it’s already becoming routine. Not long, he hopes, he will be able to say he’s going home again. His definitive home, where the most important people in the world would be waiting for him in the end of the day. His daughter and his… he settles for his Sherlock. No need to extrapolate this early.
when he stopped whatever he was doing to send a message. Not that she told him that, but he had been in Afghanistan and he recognized a murder look when he saw one.
'Nothing happened. What answer? You never contacted me! It's been days since you last texted! I was getting worried.'
It's Mary. Her hair is dyed ink black, longer than John has ever seen on her. It looks like a messed nest, fitting with the roughen up face. There's a dark bruise covering one of her eyes, tinted with green at the edges. Her lips are dry, and when she opens her mouth to speak, he can see one tooth missing. She looks angry, and now that he thinks about it, it's not an emotion he's used to see on her.
She's been there for hours now. It would be morning soon. The sister had been in the room for ages before her boss took her back to the hotel she's checked in. From time to time, regularly, a nurse would go inside to take blood pressure and all the common procedures for those who stayed overnight at a hospital.
‘That's very good, John.’ she compliments. ‘But what is it that you don’t know? Still the marriage trouble?’
'How?' Sherlock leans forward and his face is a giant question mark, although his cheeks did get tinted pink at John's admission. 'How did you do that? What is going on, because I don't understand!'
'Of course I don't.' he gets defensive. 'I'm afraid she will run away with my daughter if we divorce!'
The cemetery closes at 17:30, everyday. He prepares a small suitcase with some plastic water bottles, a shovel and pickaxe heads, and the stick necessary to use them. At 17:00 he enters and hides in the graveyard until closing time, making sure everyone has left before moving from his spot. It's the first time he has come to see Sherlock's grave, and if everything works perfectly, it will be the last.
,' he sighs and his voice drops at least three bars on volume. 'And you are sending me very mixed signals. I'm not sure what we are doing.'
'Sometimes...' he says in a very small voice, which is so uncharacteristic it makes everything worse. 'It crosses my mind. I suppose I delude myself until the point I… can't control anymore.'
"Don't let him go like that" a voice deep in his mind murmurs. "Don't let this night be a complete disaster."
Mary seems thoughtful for a moment. 'Oh, sorry, I forgot to close the door of her bedroom. Still haven't processed she is crawling already'
Mycroft sighs. 'My brother's prospect has been largely discussed by the concerned authorities. I was able to suspend charges on official jurisdiction. However, he needs to compensate by providing services to the Union.'
Sherlock just dismisses him with a wave. The unpleasant mood sustains some more. 'I had a boyfriend you know.' he murmurs, definitely looking everywhere but John, who is glad one can't really suffocate in saliva.
She sighs and looks back down. One would think she was regarding their daughter's contented face, but John knows she's checking how close the bottle was from emptying. As soon as it does, she passes Rosie to him and goes to the kitchen to put the bottle in the sink. The routine is: John feeds her the bottle (when he's home in time), makes her burp, eats dinner Mary has cooked, puts Rosie to sleep and washes the dishes.
'I disrespected you?' he questions taking her bait: he's getting sullen as well. 'Care to tell me how?'
He spent months submitting himself, waiting for a reward at the end, only to be made a fool once again.
She releases his hand, takes a step back. 'Keep your voice down.' she says, not talking afflicted anymore. 'I understand you're going through a lot-'
and nobody to supervise this time? I thought people learned from their mistakes.' he steps out still drying his hair and only in his trousers. John tries very hard not think how he's not wearing pants.
Everyone expects "Dada" or "Papa" to be one of Rosie's first words, but John is not much the type to call himself in the third person when talking to her. Of course, she can't repeat what she doesn't hear much. One thing he does say a lot around her is Sherlock's name. The syllables are somewhat complex, he concedes, when she finallys blurts out 'SHOCK!' when calling him.
Next one is for their appointment for the day. He sends a message asking for a postponement, due to unforeseeable circumstances that actually had everything to do with their scheduled conversation.
A toddler room is the safest in the house right now exactly because it's completely child proof. He's not sure what kind of psychedelic hallucinations John is having right now, but he gets bad enough with his own memories from war, nevermind on a drugged bad trip. He could be dangerous to Rosie, and to himself for the long ride that is LSD, if he diagnosed correctly.
He quickly notices he should have scrubbed the blood out while it was still wet because right now it seems the stain is forever. He complains about it, to which Sherlock doesn't seem even remotely fazed. He abandoned cleaning long ago to reorganize his papers into the usual indexed mess.
Of course the ruse wasn't supposed to hold up long. The second step had involved favours being asked. When the three of them took refuge in Brighton due to the threats on Mary's life, MI6 had captured another man who was very much intending to destroy her for years now. The man was still in custody yesterday because of valuable information he possessed on a myriad of criminal acts in the UK.
'Of course I'm going to try again.' Sherlock says in his best "You are an idiot" voice. 'You are a semi-feral animal, and these things take time. I'm going out.'
The effect of the weed is wearing out when she tells him to take a shower if he doesn't want to be smelly when John arrives. 'And Sherlock? Don't hold back. Your fights with John would be reduced by half if you two talked more. Three quarters if you clean the fridge.'
He sleeps late through the next morning. When he wakes up Sherlock is watching what seems to be a documentary on bees.
He uses his key to open the door. He didn't warn Sherlock beforehand, but he expects he's at home. Ascending the stairs he hears some music and laughter… of two people? He frowns and climbs up quickly.
How can he respond without revealing? The day Sherlock escaped the hospital comes to his mind. 'She made it clear that she would do anything to secure what she wanted.'
Initially he wrote a work of fiction, about House and Wilson, obviously heavily based on their own experiences, and the book had been divided in two for commercial purposes. He named House after Greg, who almost pissed himself of laughter when he found out. Sherlock had read them before he even sent them to a publisher. He had ignored the name joke, and had said he would be interested in his backstory.
'You see, it's very confusing.' his eyes quickly scan the pages, his brow is deeply furrowed, making his nose wrinkle. John wants to smooth it with his fingers. 'For all purposes, my heart had stopped before paramedics were even at the scene. When my body was rescued from the havoc, it was almost all burned. The pictures are actually a bit disturbing. But I'm sure you've seen explosion victims before.'
'Marissa is on forensics for this one, she's generally agreeable on your antics. I'll ask her to email you. You're sure you don't want to take a look yourself?'
They eat their dinner and go watch tv. Big Brother is on, and Sherlock loves reality shows. Well, loves to complain about them, and never stop watching. They like to play the game of what's scripted and what is raw human interaction, who wants to shag whom, who is going to be eliminated next considering the narrative the show builds on them.
She looks a few years younger, but she has the same haircut. The photo seems to be from a CCTV screenshot. There's a yellow post-it glued next to it, reading
Out of nowhere a door bangs and he sits up quickly, making the room spin. It takes a bit to realise with great confusion that he had been sleeping in Sherlock's bed and he doesn't even remember getting there.
'No.' he cuts him, thinking how rude it is that they are talking in front of her without her understanding. 'Please tell her what I said.'
'I can't do this. I'm horrible at lying. She will know and she will retaliate, this is a terrible idea.'
John gets up but he doesn't know what to say. He's never seen Mycroft this angry before. Sherlock beats him to whatever action he's going to take by coming to stay in front of his brother. 'Stop harassing him. This has nothing to do with you.'
All three adults turn to Rosie, who is looking expectantly over her shoulder, still strapped to the swings. Sherlock quickly moves to remove and lift her. 'Yes, Watson, murder unfortunately is somewhat lacking in our repertoire lately, but I'm sure Lestrade will bring us a nice cold case to unveil. John, I'll take her to the slide.' he deposits a mhwaa kiss on John's forehead and strides away without another word or looking back.
'How did you get this?' he asks Sherlock, who is in his downstairs lab with Rosie, showing her how homemade lava lamps are done.
Later, he has to cover an usual diabetes patient from Dr. Lavalle, so the file is not in his office. He calls reception to verify its whereabouts, and instead of sending someone over she tells him dryly
Mrs. Hudson actually took away anything that was on the table when he was in hospital, but she wasn't aware of the pig fetus inside the cupboard. It's in formaldehyde, so John just moves it from behind the coffee pot to the shelf designated for experiments. He scrubs the fridge and the sink with sanitiser, and the table with water and soap. Later he will go out for groceries to restock the kitchen with actual food. He needs to buy some apparatus anyway.
'She says she's sorry about everything.' Mycroft translates for him. Apparently that's all. So John nods, asserting. Eszter talks to him again, to which he points to the door. John observes her entering Anna's room and closing the door behind her.
'Great. Lestrade is coming soon to pick her up, I'll prepare her bag. I can't leave him alone for long, so tell him I'll explain everything when he comes to drop her at night.'
He pulls Sherlock by his hand and guides him to their chairs. He makes a point of pushing them really close, so their legs will be intertwined the whole time. As soon as he sits Sherlock puts his feet in John's lap. He huffs just to pretend and holds the bony ankles fondly, pressing his fingers on the bare skin surface.
Silence fills the room. John looks back and forth between the two of them, mouth agape. Sherlock is breathing heavily like he ran a marathon, but he keeps looking at Mycroft, who is once more completely taken aback.
Needless to say, the favour he invoked was to release the man. The guards were supposed to heavily hint at how to find Mary. They would surely come in contact sooner or later.
'The morning barely started and we're already getting drunk?' John asks with no spite, taking a sip.
'I.' John says eloquently. 'I-- don't know? I thought you would... ' he swallows, hateful, hateful Mycroft coming to mind again. 'Nevermind, go on.'
So he gives Rosie the formula bottle at breakfast, and doesn't wake up Mary. He makes toast and eggs and tea for himself only, ignoring the Look she gives when entering the kitchen. He finishes and goes to entertain Rosie without greeting her. He plays with his daughter in her room with the door closed. He calls her Watson, because that's how Sherlock calls her, and she repeats
He watches the phone screen without really seeing it. In his head there's only Sherlock's voice saying
Sherlock smiles dryly at him, the thin press of lips illustrating he acknowledges it. John sighs, takes a sip. 'I am a bastard for not helping her, aren't I?'
'Ah, well. Genetics!' he replies trying not to look at her, very conscious of Sherlock's sudden silence.
'I bet you have a project of this somewhere, don't you?' he asks softly, making Sherlock look at him with light eyes.
‘So, David. You asked for this meeting in spite of the fact that we had already covered your course of action. I presume you want to talk to John.’ he puts his hands in praying fashion under his chin.
John is a former British Army Officer, Captain in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. While in Afghanistan, he dealt with many operations he was not supposed to know the details, and special agents sent by "special services" from England. He was very much aware of the high risk, and why they kept changing agents. 'When?'
Something sparks in John's memory. 'You told me you went to meet me first thing after you arrived. You were still hurt?'
Next time he wakes up, he is audibly literate again. One nurse asks how he feels. He manages to say 'ok', and they look satisfied. He is explained he needs a chest radiograph to look for possible diffuse infiltrates, and he needs to be awake for that. He nods, feeling like his whole body is heavy, but at least in compliance to his orders.
'It's completely absurd! You remember the Victor Trevor disaster? With John is going to be ten times worse! He already damaged you enough!'
Cat releases John's finger, and goes away. He follows them for a whole block, but they turn a corner and disappear entirely.
He comes home directly from the clinic since Sherlock told him he wouldn't be at 221B. He hadn't add much to that, which makes John a bit annoyed. Anna is rearranging a portrait when he arrives but comes close to him and sniffs his shoulder. He jumps back, perplexed. 'Did you just
Then Sherlock just takes his phone from his hand and presses the "end call" button before giving it back.
The water blocked his nostrils and filled his mouth and he impeded himself from inhaling just a second more, just a second more, just a s…
'Oh shut up, just a story you probably didn't want to hear' she retorts playfully. 'But take care ok?'
He is pondering if he could eat a sandwich when Sherlock finally hangs up and joins him at the table. John waits for him to say something, but nothings comes. The detective just fiddles with a napkin tossed aside, looking very uncomfortable and doing funny things with his mouth. John sighs.
He didn't expect wanting to get out of there all the time. Or punching someone. Anyone really. That's the reason he was unnecessarily rough on Wiggins.
Sherlock fights with him for the close, and takes the watch away. He covers his face with his hands, trying to go back to normal breathing. 'I'm going to die. I'm going to melt, I'm going to die, god no, god no-'
Sherlock is surprisingly putting the coffee on, fully dressed, so he goes to the bread and toaster. They sit across at the table, Sherlock only gulping a large mug of coffee and scrolling down his phone while John eats.
Since the house is on Mary Watson's name, and there's no legal will for her, it's his property now. Same can't be said about the car abandoned in Swansea, since the owner was Carla Deprez, nor any of the money Mary had in hidden accounts. The house is definitely his to be sold, which is what he does.
Usually they go make a mess of Sherlock's bed quite early, so John can make any kind of excuse to slip out. Today they arrive mid-evening from a case where Sherlock had to disguise as a clown. A
'Well, I'm not moving from here, so you can try to knock me up to leave the bathroom, and we both know how
The bell for 221C, Sherlock's new reception office for clients, is turned off for the day, and John is honestly flattered that he made the effort to entertain Rosie for the whole day. Mrs. Hudson intercepts him by the door when he arrives from the shops, and
When the detective obeys John pulls him down by his nape, encircling his waist with his other arm, embracing him tightly. After a second of shock, Sherlock retributes, crossing his arms around John's back. John buries his face on Sherlock's neck, breathing it in. They don't talk about it, but John hopes he has understood.
The taste of bile comes from the back of his throat as he puts away the towel. The cut is not even that bad, could easily be taken as a miscalculation of shaving if it was located on his face or jawline. As it is, however, no mistake can be proven. He watches John's face harden, and his fists open and close.
'Stop that. What's the point?' he sighs, rubbing his face. He doesn't approach the bed, keeping at least six feet of distance between them.
The response is one eyebrow raised and the requested move. John breathes for a moment and gets closed, resting his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades and holding onto his hip. He doesn't puts his arm around him because he doesn't want Sherlock to feel trapped. But his way he can feel Sherlock's chest gently raising with his breath, and he can hear his muffled heartbeat.
Sitting at John's usual chair is Mary, who smiles her disarming way and gets up at the sight of them. 'Sherlock! Long time no see.'
was happening. But he can be bloody enigmatic when he wants to. The last time it happened… I was very angry. We discussed. It was when, well, when everything changed for us.’
'It was in the engine.' Mary says quietly. 'I turned on the car and heard a strange noise. I ran back here without turning it off, and it exploded.'
'Street forces, John!' he replies getting up, spinning around gleefully. 'They see everything and they hear everything, and no one looks at them twice. My irregulars will keep an eye in the suburbs, I'll tell you if something comes up.'
They decide for it without much discussion. Mrs. Hudson is quite good with cards. She wins the first round, and he beats her on the second round.
Agonizing forty minutes later Sherlock takes a seat beside him. John reclines and rests his head at the wall, turning a bit sideways to breathe the sight of him. Surprisingly he says nothing and tentatively puts his hand in John’s shoulder. ‘We had a fight.’ he says numbly. ‘I made her angry, which was very stupid of me. She was vomiting blood.’
?' Brent yells hysterically, his voice rising a whole octave. 'That fucking Mary Watson should be going to prison! She's an assassin! Where is she, uhm? I'm not the only one who wants to know!'
He bends to pick it up when something colourful catches his eye. It's a wooden box half under the bed, in a dark corner. John pulls it, out of curiosity. There are some balls of wool inside. White, yellow, green and pink. At the bottom lay a pair of knitting needles. He spots a yellow
The cab takes off and he goes back to the phone. 'John, please pay attention. You can send me your GPS location. Can you do that?'
people react certain ways. Obviously this leads to disagreement as to how valid someone's reactions are, since many are fairly irrational and should not warrant the consequent attitude. John always argues with him that if one can identify patterns of conduct caused by a specific set of emotions, reactions may not be rational, but are indeed logical - and therefore predictable.
The fact that she deliberately ignored Sherlock had been taken for the special government agents couple hours before to save her arse, and plus bringing up the child so soon, laughing it off like nothing happened, having the boldness to affirm everything was
Mary doesn't show up at them once the whole morning. He gets ready, reheats the leftover mashed potatoes with meat from yesterday, and puts the cold sandwich and salad he had prepared last night in a brown bag. Just as he is leaving the kitchen, Mary appears in the doorway. 'She woke up. She didn't seem happy in the cot so I put her on the carpet.'
Sherlock promised him he would think of something. So John let him scheme, and he was only going to listen, even if staying with the child was more of an impulse to do the right thing, and not a careful deliberation of his future.
He goes to his room first. He had almost run out of cat litter, so he'd gone out in the middle of the rain to buy more, along with more dry food. Sherlock had left earlier because Molly had promised him he could use the centrifuge. After she found out her boyfriend had been the one responsible for the bombings (and for blewing them up), she's been more agreeable to Sherlock making his way in the morgue and the lab. John should talk to him about taking advantage of the poor girl, but they are not really on the best terms recently.
For example, John was never much bothered by the lurking presence of David Payne, ex-boyfriend of one Mary née Morstan. Could be read as confidence in his own relationship. The man was, after all, invited to their wedding. Sherlock made sure to keep David at a respectable distance from the bride, but the groom seemingly hadn't noticed his efforts, nor had paid a fleet of attention to his previous romantic rival.
Moriarty is, ultimately, dead. He is a page turned, and John is honestly glad. He couldn't bear even hearing his name anymore. He understands now how it was still a shadow in his back, tormenting him all the time.
'It's a terrible idea to give your location to random strangers who could for all you know stalk you and murder you.'
The radio is on, and they are playing a special selection of 80's songs right now. The current song that reminds John of his teenage years.
And then the first month as a husband… it definitely wasn't what he expected. Although he didn't know why to expect things in the first place since they already lived together.
'Hey, Sherlock? Whatever you're thinking you're not saying it aloud. You're just doing the blinking thing.'
She succeeds in turning their positions, straddling him and bringing the gun to his face and he can't
had told him how he had been saved. He vaguely remembers Sherlock's scared and relieved face when he opened his eyes. But at the hospital Mary had stayed quiet about his participation so John just presumed firemen had done it. And then Magnussen insisted in making John watch Sherlock running unaided to the fire, yelling and emotional, he knew something was terribly wrong.
On the second day Todd comes by. He has a key to the flat (and Sherlock needs to ascertain how he obtained a copy). The hidden camera on the other building catches him already. Sherlock trails him through the app on his phone, connected to the cameras. Todd seems strangely purposeful, instead of looking around. In the kitchen, he stops in the middle of the room, and suddenly he looks directly to the camera in the open cupboard, making Sherlock startles back in his spot. Todd takes the camera and his hand is the last thing Sherlock sees before the image cuts off.
'More of an abstract at this point. The time-range is too large.' Sherlock replies smiling with the wrinkles John loves.
Mike Stamford. Well, he wasn’t much surprised he hadn’t gone. The last time they talked had been at Sherlock’s funeral. Sherlock liked Mike, and it was reciprocal. Mike never bothered with Sherlock’s bad manners, in fact he seemed to think they were amusing. Probably Mike had more oversight than John attributed to him.
John frowns. 'Well, she was lying. What a novelty. We briefly talked about him twice at most and one of those was about his invitation to the ceremony. I think she saw right away my… feelings. The wedding day I understood that I wanted him to be my friend, nothing more.'
'Ok.' he replies. Sherlock frowns at him from his chair, to where he moved during the brief interaction. Janine just looks at John in a perceptive fashion, goes to Sherlock and
Mary can't know about his plans of moving back to Baker Street. He sends Sherlock a message before going to sleep to warn about her arrival. In the morning, he starts to dread the moment Mary and Rosie interact. He decides not to change his routine, and just pretend she's not here at all.
John is pretty sure the dust from the finalised work on the flat had been broomed off. Still, he feels the sand when he walks. And it keeps growing in volume. He gets another broom, trying to put it away, but the sand just doesn't move, just as his frustration builds up.
'Great!' he throws his hands up, smiling at her. 'I am so grateful you are back at killing people just so you can buy a fancy coat for your husband.'
'Yeah, sure.' he says quickly as he stalks to the kitchen to collect his piece of bread. Sherlock oscillates in his place, and John feels a pang in his chest. 'Maybe you could record it so we can watch together tomorrow?'
Entering these types of buildings, gatekept 24/7, is never simple, but he has an international reputation for a reason. Disappointedly enough, lockpicking into the flat is the easiest part, even considering the security cameras pointed to the foyer and the corridor leading to the lift.
If he was Sherlock he would probably want to know how, but the only question he can formulate in this moment is why.
He just shrugs. 'As for my parents, well. You met them, they can be as affectionate as one expects parents to, but they are not really attached. Mummy went back to academia after I went to boarding school, following Mycroft's lead. Dad was always doing something, or after her. They weren't neglectful, but not much present, so I'm not even sure they were aware of what was going on.'
He tilts his head slightly. 'Money laundering is one thing many are ready to do given the opportunity with low risks. Murder, though? Didn't think you had it in you.'
'Ginésio Fernandes de Sá killed a man in a fist-fight in a pub a year ago and was deported to Guiné-Bissau, but his brother Flaviano has unknown whereabouts. Michael Morris is in trial for months now in the US, but Mycroft fears he'll manage to get away. He's doing what he can along CIA. Both Park Hyojeong and Aadhya Jhaveri are wanted by Interpol. It surprises me she told you her real name.'
‘It’s true that I… never moved on Mary. Sorry, I can’t call her Anna-Greta, it doesn’t sound right.’
'You have until tomorrow 12pm to send 200 thousand pounds or he will kill me. The details on how to proceed are in the file.' her voice is neutral. Suddenly a sob comes out. 'Take me home. Please, my love.'
kissed, in John’s very own presence, mind you. They had been sort of… intimate. She called him a pet name, she knew where the things were placed in the cupboard, she slept in his bed even if he wasn’t there, she took a shower with him—
'Now, Johnny, we are going to play a little game, aren't we? Sherlock is coming soon, so we are making a surprise for him.'
He had been gazing the linoleum, but he lifts his eyes to John's again with a trace of amusement. 'For once he did legwork, can you believe it? I would have made a bit more fun of it if I were in a better state. He brought me back to London, and there was it.'
'You don't know that!' he retorts scandalized. 'It was pure luck and timing! And we wouldn't be here if it weren't for him!'
It's not something they do that frequently. Sometimes… sometimes it's late at night, Rosie is deep asleep upstairs, and the baby monitor only emits static noise. Mrs. Hudson could be awake downstairs for all they know, sipping or smoking her herbal soothers, obscured but for the dim light of the telly, quiet as a mouse.
'Six months already. Time flies.' he answers. If she wants lunch she better cook herself. He puts the brown bag on the table beside the front door and goes upstairs with the plate of potatoes.
'It doesn't have to be immediate. It's actually better if you took your time, because she will perceive you were angry but willing to forgive after some thought.'
He can't run away. Opening the front door to the living room, without any mobilia to hide behind, exposes him instantly. So he just clasps his hands at his back and faces George Hammond-Webb.
'Would you mind staying with Rosie for the day? Can you do it? I can't go over details on the phone, but you know the drill.'
His own mouth produces sound, but he is not opening his sealed lips. He sees Mary getting up, gun up in the air, but he can't open his eyes. 'You were supposed to come back.'
He goes to a close gym that offers boxing classes and register himself as a beginner after they do a physical test. He's not on his best weight anymore, but it's not that bad. The idea coming from Sherlock honestly surprised him, but he was right: punching something was the best way to avoid punching someone these last days.
'You can take the car whenever you need.' she had said as they arrived at the house. 'All the documents are in the glove compartment.'
Mycroft just bows his head an inch in acknowledgement, and leaves. Anthea moves forward. 'The car will take you both to Westminster. We already have an agent on Martha Hudson's flat.'
Rosie eats the rest of her lunch happily. 'Did you take your antibiotics today?' he gets up to put the plate on the sink and lets Sherlock clean her.
'Well, since you came back you did a lot of things you didn't want to just because of me. What did you want me to think? I know you… care about me, ok?'
'You don't always do this.' John asserts, but with a tone of unsureness in his voice. 'I would have noticed.'
She points to the fireplace mantlepiece, where there's a letter pinned down with Sherlock's knife. Getting closer he sees the official emblem from social services. He glances at the sofa, where Sherlock is lying in his typical praying position, trying to appear as nonchalant as possible. He snorts, and opens the letter. As he reads its contents, his grin grows bigger.
John is furious. He arrives half an hour after them. Mrs. Hudson entertains them in her kitchen until them, and Sherlock gives lunch to Rosie while John and Mary go the client's office next door to have their shouting match. John shouts at least, he can't hear anything Mary is saying, which is usually how their fights go.
'No, John.' Sherlock finally turning from the wall, looking very serious. 'I think she's trying to summon her up.'
He reclines once again, taking a moment to regard the older Holmes. He sees some parallels between them, just like he and Harry have their similarities, and yet the two pairs of siblings are so different from each other. 'But you're not minor either, Mycroft. He can do something else, I'm pretty sure there are a number of services he can provide without being thrown to the lions every opportunity. Look, if you want me to beg, I will.'
John lets him take a step back from his grip, and pushes him out of the way, ignoring Mrs. Hudson's pleas and going back to the living room. Not-Anthea is curiously observing the scene for once, but John marches right over and takes the violin case from her, holding it tightly against his chest.
‘There's something wrong.’ Sherlock walks in a circle around the coffee table. ‘There's something I’m missing and it’s staring at my face.’
It's quite odd and John can't make head or tails of this one, even to write it up. Sherlock is delighted to have something weird to fixate on, and John indulges him. They come back home with chinese takeaway, and sit side by side at the kitchen table, knees touching, and John listens very intently to Sherlock's explanation on the thermodynamics involved in the melting process of different metals.
They all look at each other waiting for something to happen. ‘So… that was it? I think we covered it then?’ John breaks the silence. David takes a deep breath.
The last post isn't even his - Sherlock uploaded it during his honeymoon. Mary had joked about it, making fun of Sherlock, while taking jabs at him for getting distracted from her. He had been thinking about Sherlock's face during his wedding, and at the same time avoiding thinking what it
He frowns at her reticence, but attributes to the visit she just had, which increase his suspicions. 'You said you wanted an unique name for her. Have you thought about something?'
He walks to the chairs, adjusts the pillow and sits. Sherlock still won't meet his eyes. 'A case going on?'
'No Mrs. H., I'm really sorry you had to go through this. I'll clean myself, don't worry.' John interrupts.
'Not exactly. I do have memories of what I did, but it's more like a movie I watched a long time ago, from a dissociated point of view.' he had replied to Sherlock, who for once was the one drinking his every word.
'That's very kind of her, love.' she answers. Sherlock flinches minutely and bites more pie.  Oh, you know what I just remembered? In the plane Sherlock, before overdosing, you were reading John's first post about you, weren't you?'
He had dressed in pyjamas and gone to sleep beside John for the first time in almost a month, since Mary came back.
James Sholto… that was a long shot. There were some scarce communication between them after John came back to England, but nothing significative. Despite his perseverance with Anna that he was going to the reception, he hadn’t hold much expectation beyond the respect for formalities. The mixed feelings he still had about him contributed to a bit of overreaction on his part when he actually turned up.
'You don't fool me, Sherlock Holmes.' John says as he closes the door behind him. 'What are you doing?'
As if in response, she groans and starts to move. Before Sherlock can react John grabs a large piece of glass lying on the carpet and bolts at Anna, trapping her on her back and thrusting the slice to her neck. '
They finish dinner and watch tv. After living in 221B he couldn't be quiet during the late show. He kept waiting for Sherlock remarks about who shagged the director or who recently left the rehab. Anna never makes a noise because apparently she
'Ah. There is a local matter that needs to be attended.' he removes the document from the file, which is returned to the drawer. 'I'll try to intercede for it. Call my assistant on the way out, I'll sort an appointment for tomorrow morning.'
'So, no influence over the kid. Ok. There's the possibility that she… disappears. Not uncommon in her profession.'
'Not exactly.' Sherlock answers. 'This one - Viktoria Tereshchenko. She died by accident in the Ukrainian conflicts happening in the last years. Mycroft can tell you more about those. Thomas Barnett, Bill Cooper and Rob Jones were caught by Mycroft's people the day I jumped from Bart's. The ones assigned to kill you, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.' he addresses him.
The painting had been a gift from Harry. Deep down he knows her enough to know it had been a gag gift so she could see Mary's reaction, because it is ugly as hell. Yet, the thing has a wooden frame and is protected by glass. He positions the clothes box close to the wall, puts the painting over it and cautiously steps over it. It doesn't feel very reliable but it's enough for him to reach the baby monitor box with the tips of his fingers and pull it with him.
He takes the subway making stops at the places where Andrew West's body fell from a train, the flat where his brother-in-law killed him. He walks around Hampstead, feeling like maybe this is it. That maybe the cat was hanging around the murderer's egyptian cat, exchanging tips. The brother's cat hadn't been the murderer as John had thought (being biased by the context he had been in), but this one with purple eyes feels like a murderer.
Well, the thing is: now that he didn't have the obligation to feel good about his life, he realized what a mess it had been since the beginning.
He is so inattentive he doesn't notice their meeting is over and they are in a cab until halfway to Baker Street. 'Where's my lemon tart?' he inquires, glancing around the seat.
Heart skipping a bit, he follows Sherlock to his bedroom. This was the third time he would sleep there. The first being when the detective was in the hospital again after revealing the truth about Anna ("She's away now, forever."), the second being last night, after spending an embarrassingly long amount of time hugging Sherlock because he is the most perfect human being, and now.
He looks over at his family, and thinks about the papers he collected with his lawyer, hidden in John's desk drawer at his new work closer to Westminster. He had a lot of things to talk about with the lawyer. What to do with the empty house in the suburbs, that he can't sell because it's on Mary's name, and while she gave no sign of life in six months, she's not officially dead. Can he divorce someone who is not here to sign under? What are the procedures of adoption by one parent?
Sherlock keeps telling him that he took years to reach this level, and it's too soon for John to have an independent reputation, but John is honestly not bothered. He likes to spend his time writing, the one job he truly embraced these last years, and frequency means his speed typing is actually getting better, although not as quick as his partner's.
'How? Everything that you've done since this shit started is shielding me from the big bad world! I've been literally sucking your energy for months!' he starts to speak a little more loud then he should.
'And yet.' he continues, finally lifting his head to stare into John's soul. 'You unburied me whole and brought me home.'
Out of nowhere a violin song starts. He looks for the source and finds Anna adjusting her phone on the amplifier. He distinguishes the waltz Sherlock played on his wedding. Terrible, terrible night. Anna comes to him smiling with all her teeth, places his hand on her waist and holds the other one with her own. They start to move to the music, but not really in a natural way. It's been months and John absolutely forgot the steps, and furthermore Anna's belly is on the way.
'You've got to be kidding me.' he says and unconsciously gives a single step back, creating some space between him and Sherlock.
It's a horrible night all along, he keeps waking up, he is still in moderate pain, his stomach is not happy with his recent choices. At some point around 2am he decides to fetch his laptop and
'If he's in the mood to eat, why not?' he answers not very sure of himself. Anna is not paying attention to him.
'I told you many times. Since the first day. I just didn't spell out the word. I suspected you were denying the clues, but it never crossed my mind you really
As he climbs his bike, calculating the best course of action, grey-jacket-pilot turns to look directly at him. John's heartbeat can be felt from his throat. He can't see the man's face, and can't for the life of him remember what he looked like in broad daylight. It was getting darker, and all the street lights were on, creating shadow behind him.
After she leaves, closing the door behind her, John sits Sherlock on his chair to tend to his wound. It's really just a scratch, but quite annoying. He slides down the shirt to uncover the damaged side so John can clean it and put on a plaster, as promised. There are already traffic noises on the street, and Mrs. Hudson put the radio on downstairs while making breakfast.
A few minutes after he hangs up the car appears and drives him to Baker Street. At least he has his keychain with him. Sherlock is in his outside suit, meaning he has just arrived. He seems surprised to see John. More than he expected.
John goes straight to Baker Street following the end of his shift. Sherlock is standing on the sofa (although his feet are bare, thankfully) pinning photos and post-its in a complicated web on the wall. Getting closer he notices a clipping from The Sun with Moriarty on the day of his trial. It's in the center of the web, which is expected, but connected by a line, also in the center, is a somewhat blurred picture of Aadhya.
In the morning all his muscles appeared to be on a protesting strike. Sherlock notices of course, and surprisingly reviews some positions with him. They don't talk about the other practising.
He stares at the device confused. The signal is on. He types Sherlock's number again, but on the dialer. Instead of ringing, the call is cut off. He tries calling the clinic. The familiar voice of the receptionist answers. He hangs up. He attempts to call Sherlock and is cut off again.
She kept quiet, smiling. He glanced at her, surely waiting a comment or something of the kind. She remained watching him expectantly. He glanced again at her breasts and then away, as if he sensed he was going to get caught.
Todd had started to show his hand through anonymous letters, proclaiming to admire her work as a public prosecutor. Keona had dismissed the letters at first, but their tone grew more and more alarming. The writer knew which cases she had been on, and talked about them, telling her how she looked, and what she ate at the intervals, and how late she arrived home. She showed the letters to the police for the first incident report, but they told her if the audiences were public, anyone could be watching, so they could do nothing about it.
'Cheers!' he lifts the mug to emphasize the salute, sitting down on the sofa, since his daughter now occupies his armchair.
'What a mess of a relationship.' John asserts all of a sudden, studying the glass still on the carpet.
' he highlights this with his chin on John's general direction 'his latest book and I'd prefer to maintain my five-years old away from crime scenes, thank you very much.'
Then he notices the notepad by Sherlock's bed. Sherlock follows his gaze and clears his throat awkwardly.
Being terribly specific makes it hard to evade a question, he supposes she knows exactly what she's doing.
doesn't want to think about that for at least sixteen years. They also debate over Sherlock's estimatives of income for both of them in next years, and how Sherlock had incorporated himself in the share of her expenses too.
If Sherlock would just look at him again, he would see incredulity written all over his face. 'And why the hell not, pray tell?'
Suddenly his phone rings. The screen shows "Mycroft", which doesn't surprise him in the least. 'Took you all the ride back.' he says as he answers. Mycroft audibly rolls his eyes, if there's such a thing. 'Already John? Honestly. Put Sherlock on.'
'Despite what it may seem, Ms. Morstan, I'm not interested at all in who you are, only in your services.' he said in a singing and fairly annoying voice. It gave her chills from the bottom of her spine.
At least Sherlock tolerates rice pudding, but for him if it doesn't involve a dentist being disturbed it is a disappointing dessert. John sighs.
She pushes him to stand and walk in front of her while Jim stays behind, and only John sees the purple eyes glow electric blue for one moment, and disappear.
John keeps his territorial stand in the middle of the living room, armed with the violin case, until he can hear nothing but his own heartbeat. The only one in 221B at the moment.
Sherlock just shakes his head mutely, and plants kisses down John's collarbone. They stay like that for some moments, when suddenly John pulls away from the chair to stand up, bringing Sherlock with him, however.
His notice ends, at last. Dr. Gujjar, his boss, is less than thrilled that he ended up staying for such a short period, but he had given himself two months after the drugging incident to cool off and reconsider, and time hasn't changed his feelings. He still has his army pension, which is not much, but it means he won't go from a yearly salary to zero pounds plus benefits for an indeterminate duration. Another month in advance for his contract termination notice, and here he is.
for you and your kind, Mycroft. We both know you were making a bigger effort leaving her free to wander around.'
So it's no surprise to him when it comes at 10:27pm. He has made sure Sherlock has retired to his bedroom after a day of following him around the flat. He is stripping to his pyjamas when he notices the scratches glowing. Purple. Ish.
To be honest, she wasn't getting any younger. She actually liked the thrill and danger, but her body and mind would soon start to disagree. Perhaps this could be the last time. The regularity helped to build her own finances for once, few more years and she could just drop it and settle, have a family.
'What the hell is this?' he asks loudly over the music. They start at his voice. Sherlock stops laughing (
John is too sober for this. But he doesn't want to go fetch alcohol, he's afraid he'll give the wrong impression. 'Who else knows?'
'It helped until it didn't. I was so young. And as years became decades, I would think to myself, what am I doing here? Why am I doing this? When you remove the love factor it gets so hard to understand some of our decisions isn't it dear?'
The man in question grunts from the kitchen. He is putting his lab equipment in boxes to take downstairs to his recently finished new lab room. Both spiral staircases going up and down are the last things to be added, and by the next week (and after a good cleaning), the flat would be ready.
They discuss all the details pertaining to child abandonment law in the UK and how to prove it. John not only has the GPS records from Mary's journey to Morocco, but also from her newly acquired phone. Granted, it's still a day too early to say she vanished once again, but they'll provide the data soon.
‘I wouldn’t mind that too.’ Sherlock replies breathily, seeming surprised. ‘If it’s the right beard. Just don’t bring back the
'Mycroft also sold you to Moriarty to get information from him. Forgive me if I don't think he's the most trustworthy person regarding your well-being.'
Eventually Molly and Greg have to leave and Mrs. Hudson claims there's something on telly she's been waiting the whole week. They lit a fire and seat at their chairs, enjoying the produced heat amidst January's coldness. John realises it's the first time they are properly alone since before Christmas, which is not that long ago but so much happened during that period that it feels like ages.
They roll the material into thin cigarettes. Sherlock finds it infinitely amusing that Mrs. Hudson is more dexterous at the activity than him. The strong smell is already impregnating his brain as he work the weed. Sherlock maneuvers two chairs close to the window that opens to the back alley. They sit and light on the cigarettes. The first inhale is appeasing at once. Mrs. Hudson closes her eyes in delight.
Sherlock turns to him abruptly, finally realizing he was there. His face incorporates a strong shade of crimson and John wants kiss him
Sherlock looks a bit awkward but he is feigning well. John knows by heart how he looks like when he's uncomfortable, which usually happens in social gatherings. Anna comes to greet him with the regular hug and a huge smile that doesn't sit well on John. She's wearing a large black cardigan over her shirt, strange because their heater is working fairly well, but he doesn't comment. She also put some make-up on.
'Right. So let's establish something: you are...' he dry swallows. 'The most important person in the world for me. I'm not leaving.'
John nods but doesn't add anything else. He doesn't want to have this conversation in Mycroft's car with a stranger listening. He's coming back to 221B because he can't deal with his house right now.
'Come on. What would interest you more? I've spent a few months in Indonesia some years ago! Bet you'd like that!'
He knows quite a bit about fevers, and tells her about it while he gives her a fresh bath in a plastic washbasin he put in the kitchen sink to avoid contamination. He hopes the warmth in her body drops this way. 'Once I mixed up lots of illicit narcotics you don't need to know about right now - and please never use them, Watson, or your dad will kill me - so the withdrawal happened to be the embodiment of hell.'
About lunchtime he receives a call from Mycroft. 'Took him long enough.' is all Sherlock has to say about before disappearing to his room. John glares at his back and answer his phone.
'I… Ahm, well.' he grips his own nape, looking around, then sighs. 'He was already dead when the help arrived.' he answers in a very low voice. 'I actually went to his funeral yesterday. It had to be delayed for the coroner report, since it was a criminal case.'
Mycroft studies him, and moves to open a drawer at his left. He takes a large file from it, deposits on the table, and thumbs hastily through the pages, skimming the contents. John waits patiently. He finally sees something of interest, stopping to read in its entirety.
Rosie is still moody, but more responsive. He reads a book he collected from her bag, although read is a strong word for the activity that consisted of her banging the pages while he added more pertinent information than the feebles one the book provided. He supposes the texture of baby animals, or so the book called, appeal more to her than scientific facts.
'Mary.' he stops combing his hair to regard the ceiling for a moment, praying for patience. 'Stop being dramatic, there's nothing awful in it. Sometimes I can't concentrate.' he sits on the foot of the bed to tie his shoes.
Sherlock sort of massages him while John kisses all over his collarbone. He then rests his face on Sherlock's chest and stays there, listening to his heartbeat, head coming up and down with his breathing movements. It's very soothing, and he remembers both of them were tired.
He had never been never completely comfortable with Mary. She had a very deliberate way to seduce him, presenting herself as the perfect partner for life. At all their dates before getting serious they would drink, and he would get more relaxed. He was crowded, defensive, and she put herself in his way, being pushy, funny, quickly assuming the ride.
'It's good practice to read people, even if their behaviour is very artificial in this kind of environment.' Sherlock says, reclining on the sofa.
He walks to a nearby park where he knows there are some parked taxis. He turns a corner and almost steps on a tabby cat, that hisses at him.
'Why weren't you driving?' John said he was on a bus, but he's been driving to work everyday. He can't imagine what would have been the consequences if the drug effect had kicked in while he was behind a wheel. He could have died.
John shrugged and smoothed more shaving cream where his first application had dried. Sliding his fingers into Sherlock’s curls, John gently tilted his head back over the table and bent to set the razor against Sherlock’s skin. As he did, the sharp edge brushing Sherlock’s neck, Sherlock swallowed, making his throat bob beneath the blade. John paused warily, eyes fixed on the subtle motion. It seemed deeply vulnerable to him, inspiring an unexpected surge of protectiveness that caught him off guard.
In the process of pulling on a clean shirt, Sherlock shot him a confused look. “Aren’t you going to get dressed?”
John blinked in response to the question, looking momentarily bemused by the direction of Sherlock’s thoughts. Shifting beneath the covers, he freed one hand and propped his elbow on the pillow, chin cradled in his palm. He studied Sherlock’s face in silence before replying, “No. I have most of the day off.”
There was no pause between that bliss and the next, Sherlock still struggling through the aftershocks of his little death when John settled over him and pushed his cock back into place. He slid home without a hint of resistance, Sherlock’s body making room for the penetration like one welcoming home a lover with open arms.
“Sherlock,” John began, his voice rough with concern. But Sherlock silenced him, pressing firm fingertips to John’s thin lips to still them.
Suppressing the slight twitch of amusement playing at the edges of his lips, Sherlock shrugged again. “It’s quite possible.”
“I said, it would be manslaughter, not murder,” Sherlock snapped. “It’s only murder when it is premeditated.”
Sherlock nodded, hearing this last chance to change his mind while John was still in control of himself, of his secondary nature’s devouring force. Holding John’s earnest gaze, Sherlock stroked a hand along that familiar, loved face, and nodded again. “Absolutely.”
Shaking off the lingering fog of sleep, Sherlock swung his feet over the edge of the futon and stood. He rubbed at his eyes and crossed to the door, the distance of a few short strides. Wishing that he had a peephole for perhaps the hundredth time, Sherlock pulled the door open a crack. He hoped beyond hope that his brother wasn't on the other side, no doubt come to torment Sherlock for shirking some misplaced duty.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, but as soon as the tea is steeping, he leaves and comes back with dressing supplies. He pulls up a chair beside John, but doesn’t meet his eyes.
“Yeah,” John breathes. “Oh.” The tension in the air is suddenly and inexplicably hilarious. John breaks out into a fit of giggles, leaning on the table for support, gasping for air. “Yeah, I really do mean,” he says again between bouts of laughter.
Sherlock cannot speak, but nods violently, pulls John into a ferocious kiss. He wraps his legs around John’s backside and pulls him in tighter, demanding movement. John starts slow, but it doesn’t last, because Sherlock is so responsive, groaning in ecstasy and crying for more with each faster and harder stroke. His cock is fully hard again between them, and when John attempts to rub at it with his bandaged hand, Sherlock bats him away.
Sure enough, Sherlock let out a small moan when John shoved in particularly fast, snapping his hips the best he could. John repeated the movement again, pounding until her face was contorted in pleasure. A flush ran over her chest and highlighted her cheeks, her lips were glossy and parted, eyes closed ever so slightly, brow furrowed. It was the hottest thing John had ever seen. It made him want to fuck her even harder.
“Well, it's just a thought, but scientifically speaking, orgasms have been known to help with menstrual cramps.”
“Idiot,” Sherlock says, but he’s up, coming across the room to stamp out the last of the smoking carpet, and then take John’s hands in his own. He cradles them, holding them up to examine the damage done. “You are aware we keep a collection of instruments specifically for that task,” he says, nodding his head at the fireplace tools neatly tucked in their stand beside the hearth.
Sherlock grabs his neck and kisses him hard. He thrusts deep, again, and again, and then John is lost in him, in them, in the strained sounds of ecstasy coming from Sherlock with every breath, in his face, a completely unmasked expression of raw passion and adoration, in the rub of his cock between them, and the deep penetration of Sherlock within him, body, heart, soul. His orgasm comes on slowly, then rips through him like the detonation of a bomb. Just before he loses consciousness, he feels Sherlock, shaking and shouting, join him in the expanse of mind-erasing conclusion.
“I almost never get it,” Sherlock said. “Not enough food, not enough sleep, too many drugs. But when it does decide to rain its bloody hellfire upon me, it brings the wrath of a uterus scorned. I can't do anything for days. It's dreadful.”
“Yes, I suppose you do,” Sherlock says finally, like the admission of a secret. “But—” He stops, considering, and then says nothing else.
“I don’t know, we might have taken too long,” Sherlock says. “The betting pool they had at the Yard was donated to a children’s hospital a few years back."
“Your mother going on and on about setting Mycroft up on blind dates,” John recalls, laughing. “I kept thinking, you poor woman, you don’t realize this man has one love, and it is the cold death grip of high-level government bureaucracy.”
“Unfortunately, we Holmes children face the primary challenge of having someone tolerate us long enough to consider reproduction. Being insufferable is high quality birth control.”
"That's not good," John says. He ghosts his mouth over Sherlock's, like he can't stop. "You need to get out of these clothes, take a hot shower." John's mothering never sounded so sexy, but it has never been breathed against Sherlock's skin.
John looks up at him through his eyelashes, and they both emit a sound of torturous arousal as their eyes meet. Sherlock’s face is distorted in pleasure, his hair sticking up at all angles like a mad man. John takes him deep, willing away his gag reflex, and Sherlock cannot bear to look anymore, squeezes his eyes shut as his head tips back and he cries out.
Sherlock smashes their mouths together, bites down on John’s lip, and comes hard across John’s chest with a pained growl. The combination of sensation and stimulation sends John over the edge, pumping spurt after spurt onto Sherlock’s fist. John whines, his head lolling back and then forward to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock pants against his neck.
“You’re going to have to say it first, John.” Sherlock says. He curls a hand around John’s erection, making him groan.
John enters 221B, arms laden with shopping, stomping the already accumulating snow from his boots. The fire is going, Mrs. Hudson’s doing no doubt, and the room is overly warm, especially against John’s wind-sliced skin. Sherlock is splayed on the sofa in his pajamas, soft threadbare cotton hanging off and puddling around his whipcord frame and the discombobulated gangle of his limbs. He does not interrupt his staring contest with the ceiling when John comes in. John goes about the business of arriving home, discarding his winter wear and unpackaging items, glancing at Sherlock to ensure he’s still breathing. The stillness of him, the emptiness, remains unsettling.
