“I’ll explain it to you later. Now, as much as I was loving where things were going earlier, let's get those wings taken care of. Get comfy and tell me what to do.”
Castiel snorts and leaves her to it, knowing it'll be a while before she comes out of the focus she's sunk herself in now that her face is behind a viewfinder. Meg's got a good eye, and there's a reason her photographs sell for top dollar.
Dean rolls his eyes and shifts over on the cot before patting his chest. “OK, get up here, you goofball.” The dog squirms his way onto the cot, over Dean’s legs (missing his nuts, thank God), and stretches out along Dean’s left side with a sigh. Zuzu plops his head down on Dean’s chest again and blinks at him sleepily.
Castiel quirks an eyebrow at him in question, but Dean shakes his head. "Story for another time, Alpha. Right now, we need to get packed up and back to your camp."
Cas’ eyes are bright as he nods. Dean receives a kiss on the cheek in thanks as the angel wanders off to find more places to torment Sam with the tinsel.
A sly look pastes itself on Cas’ face, and he stands. “Let me thank you properly for making dinner,” he murmurs as he leans down to Dean, then slots their mouths together in a gentle kiss.
"Yeah, she didn't either as it turned out. But damn Cas, the shit that she spewed," Dean sighed. "She hates me. And I didn't even know why until twelve years later. What the hell did Lydia say to convince you guys I would ever condone that behavior out of her?"
at him, and moves away. “Jill, I told you only to call me if it was an emergency.” As Cas turns to walk away, she makes a motion at Dean. Dean looks at her oddly, and she mimes a scribbling motion in the air.
Naomi sighs. "I figured. We're going to need the extra support, someone not connected to the family."
Dean hugs the corporal. “Good to be seen. Let's get the rest of my crap and get outta here, though.”
see ‘em, so yeah. As for how I can help, I mean, you tell me. What were you gonna do before I came in?”
“No!” Dean’s frustration is getting to him now. “It’s the same as it was six months ago! Come on, Cas!”
"Yup," she said, popping the 'p'. "As long as it's done before you sign this, you still legally live there. So I need you to make me a list of everything you want to be saved and a description of the furniture. I'll get in contact with a mover up there I know - his name is Gabe and he'll be more than happy to help you with this - and arrange it to be shipped down here so it's in your possession. As your lawyer starting now, I advise you to not sign these papers until then. Got it?"
Dean takes the seat in front of Henriksen’s desk, trying not to fidget and feeling like he’s been called to the principal’s office in high school all over again.
Senior year had sucked in a lot of ways. Alliances had formed that year that wreaked havoc on the cheer and football teams and on the student body in general. Dean still didn't know what caused it, but shortly after he and Lydia had started dating at Homecoming, everything went to shit. A winning season took a sharp turn, Dean's friends started pulling away, and even Sammy had avoided him like the plague. By the time graduation had come around, Dean was more than happy to follow Lydia wherever she wanted to go if only to get away from everything that was going on.
. Dean's never met an alpha, other than his mom, that he'd been scent compatible with. Not even Sam's scent screamed
"Oh, God." Dean keys the mic again. "Edgar! Edgar, I know you can hear me! She's coming right for you. Turn around! GET OUT OF THERE NOW!"
The PTs are only hanging on to the man’s hip bones, and Dean has never been so grateful for gravity before this morning.
The two men sit in a comfortable silence as they nurse the cocoa, watching the flames dance behind the grate. Dean feels almost mesmerized by the fire as he slumps further and further toward Cas. Eventually, his head lands on Cas’ shoulder. He blinks sleepily and looks up to see Cas looking back at him, a small smile on his face.
Superficially, Dean is in much the same state. Cas' wolf is pacing under his skin; however, something doesn't feel right.
She whines low in her throat and turns tail on him and runs to the house. She hears shouting behind her, and smells burned rosemary and sage.
"Yeah, you too Cas." Dean watched him walk over to the bar, admiring the view until his phone chirped, reminding him of his appointment with Charlie. He threw enough cash down on the table to cover everything plus a tip, waved to Ellen, and rushed out.
Cas flips on the Doppler, and for a second, it looks like it’s going to work, then sparks start flying. “God damn it, Sam!” he swears as he yanks his hand back, shaking it.
Once he was finished, he handed it back over to Joy and took his seat next to Emma. "Sorry about your late start today, kiddo."
We don’t give a shit about rank, not really. Don’t get me wrong, we respect the rank you have, but we work hand-in-hand with officers daily, not to mention a variety of enlisted ranks for the dog handlers. Rank doesn’t scare or intimidate us when we work with them all on a regular basis.
Sometimes his mother's intuition scared the shit out of him. Maybe she really was psychic. "No Mama. I've not been invited and don't really feel like going alone." He kissed her on the cheek again and went out to the front porch, settling in on the swing. He sipped at his beer, watching the sunset and sorted through his thoughts.
Dean grins. “I wouldn’t have offered, otherwise. Go get settled in front of the couch. I’m going to go get something I normally use for my knee, be right back.” He throws on his coat and steps into his boots, then heads over to the guest house.
"Oh, we started doing karaoke a few years ago. And about a year and a half ago some of the kids started up a band, so they play here some Friday nights when there isn't a football game."
Cosmos sits down and arches her neck so he can scratch under her chin, making sure to avoid the key on her collar. When he draws away, she opens her eyes and huffs at him.
He whips them up pancakes and bacon, and Eileen puts just as much food away as Dean does. His brother really does not deserve this woman, but he really hopes Sam never lets her go.
He waves at Charlie as he enters the auto shop. She throws him a Vulcan salute as she continues to talk a bill over with a customer.
“Ah, it seems I owe her a thanks, then. I was actually laughing over Colette’s use of air quotes,” he demonstrates, to Anna’s laughter, “not the theme.”
“Come on. The committee finished up for the day. Let’s go home and warm up.” And yeah, that sounds really appealing, so he stumbles along beside Cas to his place. Gabe, in a red sweater with The Grinch on it, greets them at the door, and Cas firmly pushes Dean down on the couch.”Stay there. I’ll make some dinner and coffee. Rest.”
"Hey!" Dean yells at Benny's retreating form. He huffs and looks at Castiel. "What the hell was that all about. What's got you grinnin' like Zanna got in the cream?"
Castiel and Anna keep their noses to the ground, searching for and following Dean's trail. Meg follows, pistol in hand, covering their backsides. As Dean's scent gets stronger, so does the scent of fear and anger. Then, a scent Castiel had hoped
Monday started as a brand new, not-so-exciting day. Dean got himself up with the kids, made breakfast (cereal) and saw them off at the same time he headed for the store. Garth was (again) relentless in his cheerfulness, to the point where Dean started to suspect drugs. He did a good job of showing Dean the ropes throughout the day, however, so Dean did his best to keep his eye rolls to himself.
“Nah, thanks.” Dean opens the first door and leans in, dropping his boots on the mat in front of the washer and dryer, wincing at the clumps of snow that fall off. “I’ve got some clothes in here,” he lifts the duffel with his last name stenciled on it. “Where can I leave my coat?”
Castiel’s head thumps against his tree trunk, and he sighs. He should have expected the Leviathan’s help was a trap, after all the evading he’d done the last time he was in Purgatory.
“My baby’s a lady. Plus, all cars are her; you should know that.” He smirks into his coffee cup as Castiel sighs.
They drive in silence for a little bit, then Cas can't hold it in any longer. "She work at the station with you? Is that where you met her?"
Dean snorted. "Dude, Mr. and Mrs. Whitehead were old when we were kids. Everyone knows them, so I'd hope it would be a good turn out." He waved at Emma as she ran by, a dirty Jack chasing her. "This town loves a reason to party, you know that."
Cas starts waving his hands as he talks. "I've got to get grant approvals for a new warning system. We need a bigger lab! You've got to do an analysis of that data-"
"Dude, it's been forever since I've gone fishing. This is awesome," Dean said as he made sure the minnow bucket was securely tied to the boat but submerged in the water. They sat quietly for a while, the sound of the water lapping against the boat as their soundtrack.
Upstairs, Cas dries his hair as he moves over to the dresser where his necklace and ring are sitting. He runs a hand through his damp hair and picks up the necklace from the dresser. Dean's wedding ring slides down with gravity and twists, swinging back and forth on the chain. He sighs as memories rip through him, and he has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep the tears that threaten at bay.
"Ah, don't be worrying about him none. He's just not much of a talker right now," she said as she helped Emma get her backpack on and get one of the suitcases out of Baby's trunk. "How was the drive?"
They moved through the area, Ash snapping pictures of everything from the tiny carvings all the way to the biggest project Dean had finished before they left Boston, a dining room table and a set of four chairs and a bench. Dean ran his hand over the soft white pine, smiling down at the details he's carved into the wood before staining and sealing it. The table is perfect for a large family.
The refrigerator door thumps closed and Dean hears the hiss of the bottles being opened before Cas answers. "I'm fine, I think. Just tired of Marv hitting on me, along with everyone else in this Bast-forsaken town."
“Yup,” Charlie says. “It was a bitch to figure everything out, and it took me mixing a few extracts together to get the smooth taste.” She sits back and takes a sip of her eggnog. “Now I have a boozy version and a non-boozy version for the kids and non-drinkers! Cas, I can’t thank you enough for being the reason.”
Dean looks at the wind chimes, watching how they seem to float in the air even while being held down. "Oh," he breathes. "Of course!"
“So Command wasn’t too forthcoming about you being back so soon. What gives?” Garth asks as they pile into his pickup truck.
to feed me to keep me around, or something.” He gathers his courage and steps over to the other man, cupping Cas’ face in his hands. “Cas, I like you. I like Gabe. The rest doesn't matter quite so much, is what I'm trying to say.” He kisses Cas softly, trying to relay the feeling behind his words.
Someone who signed a blank check to the US government, gave everything to the military, and somehow, made it home. Hoorah, brothers and sisters.
"How nice of you all to come over!" She jokes. As the paramedics wheel her over to the ambulance, she jerks. "Dean! Get Mose for me! He's still in the house."
Castiel is suddenly back in front of him, a first aid kit on the table next to them. “This is going to sting, Dean. I’m sorry.” His hands are gentle as he cleans Dean’s forehead. “So what brings you to River’s Crossing?” Castiel murmurs as he doctors Dean’s face.
Dean snuggles closer to Cas, pulling him in tight. “Pretty sure I haven’t slept that well since I was a kid.”
Neither Dean nor Cas is much into prayer, but Bast has a special place in their home. Cas set it up shortly after they moved in. She’d gotten a plank of walnut and hung it as a shelf in the bedroom. She’s got cat statues lining it, an incense holder, a few candles, and a jar of catnip that she’ll sprinkle as an offering to the Goddess (and Fury) every once in a while.
Dean laughed harder. "I'm going to have to explain to him later, but yeah, it was pretty worth it." They chucked a for a few more minutes before they sobered. They sat silently until Dean's phone went off.
Charlie got up, gathering the papers and her notebook. She made a 'call me' gesture at Dean, and he nodded at her before she made her way down the front steps to the Gremlin and drove off. Dean and Missouri cuddled the kids until Emma had cried herself out, falling asleep in Dean's lap. They made their way into the house, Dean taking Emma upstairs and tucking her into bed and Missouri taking Jack to the kitchen to make dinner for the three of them. They decided on something that could be reheated easily if Emma woke up later.
Cas sighs, and then Dean's head snaps forward from the force of her hand meeting the back of his head. "Dean Winchester, you utter idiot."
The shoppers start clearing out, and they see Anna, Claire, Cain, and Colette—who wave with big smiles on their faces. After Naomi passes them, squinting, they laugh and lean in closer to each other. After the vendors leave, Dean sighs.
“My Uncle Cain says that he never did manage to break the habit. Still gets up at five every morning, rain or shine. He’s friends with Bobby, the mechanic I called last night, and have been since they were in the Marines together. Uncle Cain says that Bobby is a ‘crusty old coot’, but he does the best work around here, to the point that people will come from two towns over just to have him work on their car.” Cas glances at his watch. “I have to go, but his shop isn’t far from here. Go out to the main road, turn left, then the next right will get you there, no more than a five-minute walk. Have a good day.” Cas gives him a small wave, which Dean returns by lifting the coffee mug, then he hitches his shoulder bag up and wades back around to the front of his house.
"Oh yeah," Claire says, deadpan as ever. "I wanna get struck by lightning, just once. Just to say I did."
Castiel lays back down and hums. “This is very OK.” He just hopes he can keep his body’s reactions under control.
"The brush!" Dean yells as Cas mutters under his breath. "What's beyond the brush? A bridge, a wall, a bearded lady, what?"
he said as they broke through the brush to see Abbadon stalking Ellen and Benny. Gordon, Christian, and Ruby are locked in a fight with Ash, Bobby, Charlie, and Garth, his packmates barely holding their own against the other two betas and alpha.
Castiel smiles and motions Dean over, giving him a hand up into the back of the truck with him. Dean runs reverent hands over the gleaming metal, fingers seeking out what once only existed in his mind and on blueprints.
The next day has the trio running around town, methodically crossing brands of eggnog off their list. They end up with somewhere around thirty containers of the stuff, and Dean wrinkles his nose when they get home and sees them all laid out in the kitchen.
Nestled in a pile of leaves just inside the tree line, Dean can see a glint of metal. Mindful of what he's learned from Bobby, he casts around for a long branch and starts poking around in the middle of the leaf pile. After the third prod, a loud
“We put her up into the tornado.” Cas elbows Dean so he’ll move back, then hits the button to open the top. TOTO opens with a hiss. “She’ll open up, and these little guys,” he fishes one of the sensors out and shows it to Lisa, “will be picked up by the tornado and be dispersed through the funnel cloud. They will take measurements of all of the parts of the tornado simultaneously.”
Dean felt his cheeks warm. "Thanks, Bobby." He cleared his throat and gestured at the items. "What do I owe ya?"
Sam grinned at his wife, who grinned back. "Nope. Looks like Jess knocked her out and is now sitting on her. Lydia isn't going anywhere."
Dean swears and floors the gas. As they reach a bridge going across a small lake, the twister dances across the water. He's pretty sure this is about to get really bad.
He spends his days at the bakery and evenings with Cas. They spend their time together chatting about everything and nothing, Cas slowly opening up about her family and her past.
They go over everything—including any potential medals the Colonel will be putting Dean in for—before Henriksen hands over a stack of papers.
Someone clears their throat behind him, startling him. He turns to see a short-haired woman in a uniform standing behind him. She sticks out a hand. “Sheriff Jody Mills. And you are?”
Gabriel leans over, pouring something on top of her steak and eggs. "Gotta have the gravy, honey. Missouri's gravy is
Dean snorts as he unearths Zanna from the clothing pile. "Just a few minutes earlier, she woulda been squished by
Animal Care Specialist. Vet Tech. Whatever you want to call it. 91T was the MOS code when I was enlisted (I got out in 2006). After re-working the MOS’s, the whole medical class (the 91s) was changed to 68. I have no idea why, but there you go. I use both interchangeably because I was a 91T, whereas someone today is a 68T.
At first, Luc's able to give as good as he gets, busting Dean's nose and splitting his left eyebrow. But he's obviously not an experienced fighter and eventually Dean's able to wrestle him down to the ground. He sits on Luc's back and hogties him before pulling his cell phone out of his back pocket, dialing the Sheriff's office.
Dean rolled his eyes but nodded his agreement. "You and Missouri with your sayings that don't make sense," he grumbled as he walked away to let Missouri know where they were going.
Dean stumbles into his bedroom, up late from having dinner with Charlie, Sam, and Jess, and stops at the glint of metal in the bed. He squints, forcing his tired eyes to focus on the object.
"That makes sense." He smooths his hand over one of Zanna's poofs, chuckling when her hair springs back to its former shape. "She's a beautiful child."
"Hey, bright eyes. Stay with me." Cosmos' eyes drop further, and Dean can see her body going lax, so he reaches out to her again, letting a calming spell dance along his fingers. As soon as he touches her, Cosmos jerks and hisses at him again.
She smirks. “Sorta? I don't recognize you, and since I don't do church, my mom makes me work here every Sunday. Says it keeps me out of trouble or whatever.”
Castiel lays on the ground for a few moments, panting heavily and trying to regain some of her strength. She needs to get home, she needs help-
Cas wanders into the living room, a glass of punch in his hand. “Get what out of who, Dean?” He sits down on the couch next to Dean, creating a Dean sandwich.
“Yeah yeah, yuck it up. Keep that up, and I won't consider your offer anymore.” He sticks his tongue out at her for good measure.
"Yeah, I did. I'll get everything written up and the papers should be ready for you to sign Monday."
"That's clear to see, Dean," Ellen said as she slid up next to them. Dean grinned wider and caught her up in a hug. As he drew back, he caught sight of Jo behind her and grabbed her up next.
She bares her teeth at him, and Castiel snaps his teeth at her again in retaliation. Meg tugs on her leg again, and with a yip, Abbadon turns and runs past her other packmates. The other three break and run with her, the pack harrying them and snapping at their heels until they disappear into the woods. Once they are far enough away, the pack circles back and meets back in the clearing, circling Dean and nuzzling him.
Dean snorted. "You talking about me or Cole? Cause it seems like you fall in love pretty easily these days. Just as easily as you discarded your husband and daughter."
Missouri laughed. "Dean, honey, you don't have to hide from me." Dean quirked an eyebrow and tilted his head at his mother, causing her to laugh more. "Sweetheart, I've known you was bi since you and Sam moved in with me."
Dean takes a deep breath and briefly mourns the loss of the brand-new Dodge he never even got to name. He nods. "Let me set the cruise control." He looks down, hits the button, and then lets off the gas to make sure it’s engaged. "Alright, we're good."
Castiel shrugs, unrepentant, when Charlie looks at him. "He was swaying on his feet after the shower, so I picked him up so he could conserve his energy. He squeaked and demanded to be put down, so I did."
Cas bites her lip and looks down at the floor. She shuffles her feet until Dean takes the hint and drops his hand.
Dean whips the truck around and hits the gas, the Dodge's engine roaring as they drive away from TOTO 3 and the tornado heading toward it. Cas twists around and watches as TOTO skids back and forth on the road.
"You know, I have no idea what's going through your mom's mind right now, but I'm glad I at least got to see you today. Even if it wasn't how I expected." He draws her tail through his fingers. "I still have no idea what happened, but it was pretty badass to see you tear that guy up like you did. Charlie's gonna have her work cut out for her. May even have to spell some of the cuts shut."
Castiel hums and runs a hand down Dean’s chest, tweaking a nipple as he goes. “How about we start slow, and we'll figure it out together, hmm?” Dean’s answer gets cut off when he wraps his hand around their cocks and strokes them root to tip. Dean gasps, and his head falls forward into the crook of Castiel's neck. Castiel keeps a firm grip and steady pace, and it’s not long before Dean is shaking apart in his arms. Feeling Dean’s soul cry out with ecstasy, along with the splattering of his seed on his stomach, sends Castiel crashing over the edge with him.
“Fine,” he says as he moves the chopped carrots to the same bowl as the broccoli. “And the bookstore?”
Dean sees red and throws the mic at the windshield. "God fucking damn it! Stupid mother fucker!" He pounds his fists on the steering wheel and hunches over, breathing hard. He feels Cas stroke a hand down his back, trying to comfort him.
The week before the full moon flies by and before they know it, the Winchester Pack lands are bursting at the seams. A few trusted humans, led by Missouri, are staying behind at the house to make sure the fire stays going and to keep watch. As soon as the sun dips below the mountains, the pack is off, streaming into the woods.
When they got to the little mound of dirt where the shelter was, Daddy pulled the cellar door open and got everyone down the stairs before he pulled it shut and locked it. Once they were all down at the bottom of the stairs, Daddy lit the lamp they kept in there so that it wasn’t so scary and dark. The light flared as Daddy fiddled with the glass and got it settled.
Charlie turns to Benny, flapping her hands at him and smacking him in the arm and shoulder. "Guess what Meg does?"
“Son of a bitch,” he snarls, whipping his head around to glare at the dark-haired man in the passenger seat. “What a Dick,” he growls.
He splutters and falls backward onto the floor. He dropped his damn weapon, though, so he pokes his head over the side of the bed to see if he can find it and arm himself again.
They lapsed into silence again and stayed that way as the song finished. They broke apart with small smiles, and Dean rubbed his thumb over the bolt of Cas' jaw.
Gabe barks a laugh that’s cut off in what sounds like a whimper (not the good kind) when Benny puts the rig into gear, jostling the stretcher. Sam’s white as the sheet he’s laying on at this point.
The rest of the workday was spent checking inventory and pulling online orders, which Dean was able to complete quickly. As soon as noon rolled around, he waved goodbye to Garth and shot out to his car, eager to get home.
She slides his coffee over to him, and he wanders over to the station to doctor it up. As he’s sitting down, Anna comes out to him with a plate with a bagel on it and a bowl full of water. She sets the plate in front of Dean and the bowl down on the floor for Gabriel. “I’ll be right back with a puppachino for him.”
When the sun finally sinks below the horizon, Dean stretches and decides it's time to head inside to find something to eat.
"Would you like some help? Meg's gone to lend her assistance, and I'd be happy to extend the same to you."
Emma rolled her eyes but threw her arms around Dean and squeezed him as tightly as she could. Dean caught a flicker of a smile on her face as she turned to the classroom door and pushed it open. She turned back to him and waved before ducking inside, leaving Dean to wander through the hallways. He took in the pictures and trophies lining the walls. He noticed the section they had set aside for the last time the Tigers won a championship and was surprised to find that his junior year was the last time they'd gone all the way to State.
Sam laughs, then sees a tornado touching down out of the corner of his eye. "Shit," he swears. He snatches his radio up. "You two gonna wrap this up anytime soon?"
Cas grunts as he adds the sugar and cream, stirring them in. He holds up a finger at Dean in the universal signal of “wait,” points at his cup, then proceeds to drain half the mug. Only then does he look at Dean again. “Good morning, Dean.”
bitch tried to take out Sam, Dean's brother, multiple times before the Ghosts split off and booked it out of dodge with the few pups other than Zanna that we had. Assuming there are no others, and I'd be hard-pressed to think anyone close to sane would want to be a part of her pack, we've got plenty here to take ‘em out."
“Wow. New truck, new job. New wife.” Cas laughs, and it’s an ugly, bitter sound. “It’s like a whole new you!” he says sarcastically, throwing his arms out.
"You aren't scared of Castiel; you are scared of his reaction to something that was done to you in those caves."
"Cas what -" Dean cut himself off when Cas flipped on the lights of the front room. He followed his friend out of the front hallway in a daze.
It's one by the time the kitchen is clean and everything is in its place and Dean checks over the front of the shop to make sure everything is locked down before he heads home.
They change the subject after that, but the conversation stays on Dean’s mind as he goes about his day. He finally shoves it into a box in the back of his mind—like he does other shit he doesn't like to dwell on—just to get some peace in his own brain.
Dean's mind was a hive of angry bees as he thought about coming face-to-face with Castiel Novak again for the first time in twelve years. They'd been the best of friends from the time Missouri had taken Sam and him in all the way through the first part of Senior year. They'd drifted apart after he started dating Lydia though, and after graduation, well.
Castiel tilts his head from side to side for a few seconds, then smiles. “I like it. Much better than Cassie, as my family insists on calling me.”
Mud and rain whips around them, flying into their faces, coating every inch of their exposed bodies. The roar changes in pitch and then-
She waved him off. "It's no trouble. I just wanted to chat with the two of you for a few minutes, say my welcomes and introduce myself." She looked over at Emma. "If you need anything, don't hesitate to come to me or one of my staff, OK?" Emma nodded silently and Principal Tapping smiled. "Alright. Mr. Winchester, Emma, let's get you to your homeroom."
Castiel's chest heaves as she runs through the woods, darting between the trees and other fallen debris on the forest floor. If she were human, her eyes would be overflowing with tears.
Cas turns away from Charlie, chuckling, and sees a red Dodge speeding up to the staging area. Ah, that must be Dean. He turns away and starts fiddling with the cords attached to the Doppler, making sure they are correctly anchored.
Now, just a few hours from seeing his mom again, Dean's heart was trying to crawl its way out of his ribcage. He suddenly realized that he was scared.
Cas dusts off the seat of his pants and walks up to Dean. "You know what," he says, to no one in particular, "I think we've seen enough for one day!" He hooks a hand around Dean's neck and pulls him down into a kiss. Cheers raise up around them.
Cas hums as he drains the rest of his coffee. “Do you have anything to eat here? I find I’m starting this morning.”
She butts him in the chin and rubs her cheeks all over his face. He splutters and pushes her face away before he gets cat hair up his nose. "Dude."
"I appreciate you lookin' at em," Dean said as he filled a glass of water. "I think I'm going to turn in, and Jess looks like she's about ready to do the same. See you tomorrow?"
!" He floors the gas at first, but the sisters are moving faster than the truck can, so he slams on the breaks, hoping against hope that they'll pass in front of them.
Dean felt tears clogging his throat and drew Sam into another hug to hide them from his brother. It really had been too long. The last time he'd seen Sam was before Emma started school, and that was only because Sam had been in Boston for a conference. He gripped his brother tighter, realizing now just how lonely and isolated Lydia had kept him.
“What drives me is the unknown. What if we could predict a tornado’s path? How many lives would be spared with the creation of an early warning system?” Dean scoffs as he starts to round the back of the truck. It’s not like that slimy bastard has anything like TOTO. “And D.O.T. 3 is the answer! Leviathan Industries has produced the first digital orthographic telemeter. And inside, she holds hundreds of these little sensors. Which, when released into the tornado, will transmit back data on wind speed, pressure, and dew point temperature.”
Dean floors it again, hoping—hoping—as Cas yells in his ear. A jolt shudders through the truck as Cas screams, but it's enough to get the back tires over the tree. The rubber of the tires screams and smokes as they make contact with the road, and Dean grits his teeth, keeping his foot on the floor as they speed away from the swirling death behind them.
Dean waves goodbye as he leaves the store and makes a beeline over to Cas' bookstore. He groans a little when he sees Marv hanging out pestering Cas at the front counter but pushes past him and the ball of hurt sitting in his chest.
"Sounds good!" Dean carries the bag of seed back to the shed before he darts inside to get himself clean again.
Dean shrugs. "Well yeah, sure. It's been in the pack for generations. But taxes and all that, well. Who knows what the county's done with it since we've been missing the past two years."
The pack huddles around the central fire pit heads put together in conversation, while Cas and Meg hang back at the edge of the forest. The two city wolves are still in their canine forms.
Gabe nods. "I guess I deserve that. Our folks were never anything worth a damn, but..." he trails off, seemingly lost in thought. He shakes himself back to the present and refocuses on Dean. "So, now that you know I'm not some creepy-ass stalker, how is she?"
Dean gives directions to the shop, and they pull into a parking spot quickly. He pats his brother on the shoulder.
Dean blinks at the black wolf, looking him straight in the eyes. "And your life? Are you just willing to toss it all to the side and move out here to the middle of nowhere to lead us? A city wolf?"
Dean shook his head and went back inside, ignoring everyone as he passed them, and went upstairs. He faceplanted into bed and wiggled under the blankets and pillows until he was able to block out all the light and almost all of the sounds drifting up from the bottom floor. He heard Emma and Jack get ready for bed and eventually heard a truck start, the sound of the engine fading away as his brain finally let him go to sleep.
Jo narrowed her eyes at him, but let it go with a nod. "You need to get down to the school and sign some paperwork since I know you two are still married, but you have my word, Dean. That harpy won't be hurting any of my family again if I have anything to say about it." Jo looked over her shoulder at a shout and rolled her eyes. "I gotta get back to work, but you two just flag me or Mom down if you need something, you hear?"
Dean’s gearing himself up to tell Cas his tentative plans and that he wants to give what’s been brewing between them a chance, but Cas beats him to the punch. He sets his fork down, clearing his throat.
They stand there for a few minutes, soaking in the other’s presence. “So,” Dean says as he draws back a little. “Interesting night.”
Dean looked around and realized they were missing a member of the family. “Mom, what about Buddy? Buddy is still out there!”
Castiel sits quietly, conserving his strength, and hopes that Dean will find him before the rift closes. His mind wanders until he hears footsteps. He peeks around the tree and sees Dean.
"Ah," she says. "Well, from what I could see of your yard your little project looks like it's moving right along."
When Dean wakes, it's to damp and darkness. He sniffs and registers the smells of a cave, and the night before rushes back to him. He groans and shifts his legs, only to freeze again when he feels a small body next to him.
"Just a little one," Dean snarked back with a grin and bit into the skin over his bottom rib, making the muscles of his stomach twitch and Cas to lose his train of thought again. He continued down to the spur of Cas' hip, sucking little hickeys to the surface and leaving love bites all over his skin. He reached down to the waistband of his boxers and grabbed it in his teeth, pulling it back and letting it snap back against Cas' skin before nosing down into the crease of his groin. He paused here, drawing in a deep breath that smelled of
“Hi, yes, I missed you, too, Gabe,” he says as he tries to navigate the snow-covered walk. He’s trying to pet Gabe and keep his bag on his shoulder at the same time, but loses the battle with the bag as he notices Dean. He smiles. “Hello, Dean. I expected you to have left already.”
Lydia roll her eyes. "It's not like you have anything I can take from you, Dean. Just sign them and file."
The forest birds start flitting back into the area after a few minutes, and a crow flutters to Castiel's side. He nudges at her cheek. She lifts her head and he cocks his head at her in question. He chitters at her a few times and she lays her head back down on the ground. He fluffs his feathers and nudges her again. She heaves a sigh and tries to block the pain out and sets to trying to get upright and keep her weight off the leg with the arrow sticking out of it.
Dean's arms tighten around the little cougar. "No, sweetheart. At least I hope not. Is that what's bothering you?"
of course, is one of Dean’s favorite subjects to talk about. Jody (“I’m not my mother, either call me Sheriff Mills or Jody.”) and Dean end up swapping work stories back and forth, Dean going on about his dogs and Jody regaling Dean with stories of small-town cop life. Neither of them notices the ebbing of people around them until Jody smiles at someone behind Dean.
"Good. I need you to get every pack member fed and into their fur. Ask the humans to stand guard until I get there. Give this Missouri your phone; I'll call her when I leave the airport. Now, once you are all fed, you all need to curl up as a pack in a space where you can all fit and try to get some sleep. Do you understand?"
Joy nodded. "Mhm. Joanna Beth Harvelle teaches one of the classes for fifth grade. Emma's been assigned to her class."
Cas nodded and stretched back up for another kiss. Dean obliged, but as he kept going, the kiss devolved into simply sharing air between the two of them. Dean ground down a little harder and watched as Cas' eyes dilated further and he knew that Cas was a goner.
“Great, actually. Claire’s finally getting comfortable with her studies and she feels confident that she’ll be able to ace her finals.”
Castiel plunders Dean’s mouth until the hunter breaks the kiss, gasping for breath. His arousal is back in full force now, and when he speaks, his voice is on a lower register than before.
They watch as the caravan gets turned, and Cas bounces by in the Jeep, honking and waving at Dean and Lisa.
wants to puke from eating too fast or too much, no matter how hungry they are. Zanna is no exception to that rule from the horrified expression on her face.
They made their way through the crowd, Jack leading the way. He dropped a kiss on Missouri's head and waved to Bobby. He let Emma down and she and Jack ran off to play with some of the other kids in attendance. Dean watched her go with a smile on his face.
Jody makes her way over to the trap Dean had set off and sucks a breath through her teeth. "If it didn't kill her, it would definitely cripple her."
"Don't have any," Dean murmurs back, hugging Zanna close and smiling when she snuffles into his neck. "As you can tell, we're pretty small, and not a whole lot of breeding pairs here. Plus..." He trails off, thinking of the previous Alpha. Castiel must catch on, nodding in reply.
Jack grinned and tucked his head into the crook of Dean's shoulder. He looked at Missouri as she stood up.
Military Occupational Specialty. This is the job that we do in the Army or Marines. Every Soldier (Army) or Marine has one from the minute we are enlisted. Every branch has its own way of setting these up, and not all branches have the same jobs. Fun fact—the Army is the only branch with Veterinary Services!
"Now, I don't believe her, to be honest, and I'm guessing by your reaction this accusation is untrue?"
Everyone but Cas is inside, and Gabriel is tugging the massive doors closed. Dean darts out, grabbing one of the concession workers and pulling her inside. "Dean!" Gabriel yells, "Get back in here!"
Emma threw her arms around his neck and squeezed tight before the grandfather clock in the hall started dinging the time. "Oh! We gotta get going or we're gonna be late!" She rushed over to Jack and took her backpack from him and they ran out the door, Dean close on their heels, and piled into Baby.
"Eh, just figure that since you're here I'd keep you busy, put those hands to work. Hurry on down, I've got sandwiches ready to be put together." She left his room without waiting for a response, leaving Dean to blink a few times in confusion. He shrugged and stuck his toothbrush back in his mouth and finished his oral hygiene before wandering downstairs to appease his grumbling stomach.
A door slams behind him, and he hears Sam run up next to him as Cosmos' head pops up at the combination of sounds. She shivers and looks around wildly before her gaze lands on Dean. She trembles.
, he muses to himself as he chews on the end of his pen, and he decides that the roll of stereo wire that came with the house could finally be put to good use.
Dean chuckled. "Mama, I eat just as many vegetables as Emma does nowadays. Had to set a good example." He winked at Emma, who grinned back.
Missouri takes it. "Likewise, but honey, you better run!" She spins Lisa around and gives her a nudge to the line of trucks. She waves to everyone else as they get settled into their assorted vehicles.
Dean flinches at the reminder. He hugs Zanna closer to his chest and casts a glance over his shoulder at Castiel, tuning the rest of the pack out. He already knows where this conversation is going, and he hopes the strange alpha is ready to take on the pack he helped liberate.
Dean leaned back, setting the swing in motion. "That's not a bad idea, Cas." He chewed his lip for a few minutes, thinking. He lifted his eyes to Cas' and a grin spread across his face. "Know anyone who can help me do all of this?"
Dean rolls his eyes and looks down at Castiel. “Dude. Yes, I know you don’t have fluffy wings and a halo, but the rest of humanity thinks you do, so hand it over.”
"Dude, I'm nothing to her. Nothing but a friend. And Bast knows I'm no good for her. What am I? Nothing. Sure, I own a bakery. But I'm just a kitchen witch. I'm nothing."
“We all do, Dean. Come on, I’ll be here if you do, and I’ll help you get up.” He tugs at Dean’s hands and drags him to his feet. They gingerly make their way to the ice. Dean wobbles a little getting there, but they make it in one piece.
Cas’ smile lights up the kitchen better than any Christmas lights could—but he’s not going to tell her that.
Just as Dean is deciding whether or not just to take his coffee and go, Cas stumbles into the kitchen. He’s in pj's and a white t-shirt, and his hair is fucked six ways to Sunday. He squints at Dean.
Dean looks down at Cas, thinking back to the night they skated in the moonlight. He’s not sure anything can top that night, but- “Yeah, that sounds like a great idea.”
how most alphas view omegas. At best, they are treasured mates. At worst, they are nothing but a hole to shove their knots into whenever they want. Cas, though? Cas treats him like a person.
Dean shakes his head in exasperation. Men are so stupid. He hears rustling and looks up to see Sheriff Mills making her way to them.
Bobby and Ellen descend on Sam and Jess just as quickly, with the rest of the pack joining in, finding friends they haven't seen in far too long.
"Where are the rest of the pups?" Castiel murmurs, careful not to wake the sleeping pup in Dean's lap.
"Um," Cas says. "Where's my truck?" They hear a crash and a screeching of tires. Cas grins. "Ah, there it is."
The computer in the Doppler van suddenly lights up, information being sent to it faster than anyone can parse it. A collective cheer goes up; whoops and hugs are passed around like champagne.
A small body bumps into his left thigh, and he peeks out to see Fury looking up at him. He raises his elbow and the kitten clambers into his lap.
Castiel sobs and clutches the phone to his ear. He slides down the wall and sits sprawled out on the floor. "Thank you," he whispers.
The part of the cave they are in is pitch black, so he shifts back a little to roll onto his stomach and get upright a little.
"Blackened Chicken with my mac and cheese. It's just about done if you want to stir in the cheese. Actually, you may want to hold off-" She was interrupted by a giant moose invading the kitchen and picking Dean up in a tight hug.
"Zanna, can you hold his head, please?" Castiel asks as Meg comes up and flops on Dean's side. She nods, and Castiel sets the leg drawing a whine from the wolf on the ground. "Alright, thank you. Dean, give that a few minutes to start knitting, and you'll be able to stand on it."
Bobby shakes his head and mutters under his breath, tilting his head to the door. “You better get going before he freezes his tail off out there. Oh! You should go to church on Sunday, meet some of the other townsfolk that will be there.”
"God damn it," Dean mutters, then scrambles across the grass to run to Lisa, who's shaking and crying in Charlie’s embrace.
Dean shrugs. "No idea, 's not like I've ever owned an animal, ya know?" The microwave goes off again and he cuts up his portion before restarting it. "What's her personality like?"
Castiel's heart breaks for the omega at that moment. He can’t imagine what it feels like to lose a parent the way Dean did. He makes a mental note to call his mom before he goes to bed, just so he can hear her voice.
“Sure, sure. What are you doing out here on your own, anyway? I thought you were working with Bobby this morning?”
"That's right Jack. He said it's cause you are a big city girl and he thinks they are all afraid to talk to you."
The team pulls over on the side of the road and starts setting up. The ones staying inside the vehicles scan the sky through their windshields. None of them can see the funnel cloud from where they are right now. Balthazar starts calling for the tornado, and Charlie finally catches sight of it. "North, Northeast."
She tilts her head and licks her chops, apparently thinking it over before she shuffles her body closer to him and goes back to eating. Dean strokes her back from her shoulder blades to the base of her tail, chuckling when she raises her back end up when he starts scratching gently.
She eventually finds him. She checks Zuzu over, gives Dean a thumbs up, then shoves Dean down into a chair so she can look
The feline in question is waiting for him on the railing when he pulls up to the house. "Heya Cosmos," he calls as he gets out of the car. "Got you some treats and stuff."
Bobby took off his hat and scratched his head. "Can't say that I do, but I do know what it's like to miss tinkering with the cars in that old junkyard." He put his cap back on and looked over Dean's shoulder. "You know, son. I wonder if  there isn't anything we can find in that old yard that you can use to build your furniture."
He finally sees the rift shimmering in the distance and stumbles to a stop, leaning against a tree to catch his breath. He looks around but sees no sign of Dean. He slumps against the tree and slides down to the forest floor, feeling the twinging of his wings in the other plane and the pain of his dislocated shoulder as his rump hits the ground.
Benny shakes his head. "Abbadon must've had spies in tow. We weren't shy about sharing what the plan for tonight was. Never needed to, before."
"Lilith Rose posted a Yelp review saying that we sent her the wrong items from her online order and you refused to swap them out when she came in to complain."
Meg inclines her head in agreement. "While that is technically true, that's not all I am." At Charlie's questioning glance, she grins. "Newspaper just pays the bills. I'm a nature and wildlife photographer."
The car was quiet, so Dean fiddled with the radio dial until he landed on 93.7 and the notes of “Ramblin' Man” flow through Baby's speakers.
"Me, Cas. Me. I've—fuck. I've been right here this whole time; fuck I married you. I love you, Cas, I always have, but this obsession, this-" Dean breaks off and runs his hands through his hair. Cas watches him, feelings boiling around inside of him, just like the clouds in the sky.
Dean parked Baby and turned to take in the decorated barn as he got out of the car. Mr. and Mrs. Whitehead's anniversary was tonight and the entire town had turned out for the event. He looked around and noted all of the people who were laughing as they made their way inside, the strings of lights above them casting a warm glow over everything. He grinned at the sight of children running through the adults and inside.
Dean's stomach dropped and he spluttered. "Cas? Cas Novak? What's he coming to check your bed for?!"
Lisa pushes her plate away and looks around the table, curious. "Why do you all call Dean 'The Extreme'?"
"Well," he says, patting the side of the truck. "She did fly." He leans down and peers at Cas through the spider-webbed windshield. "So, what was it like?"
"OK amigo," Ash said, drawing Dean out of his thoughts. "I've got everything I need. Let me know when you start putting your new work area to good use and I'll come by and shoot some videos."
Dean sniffles. “No. Can you just please get me out of here?” He hangs up, tossing his phone onto the bed. He finishes packing and lets Gabe out, then doubles back to scribble a note for Castiel, merely telling him that he understands and that he hopes Castiel will be happy in the future. He looks around to make sure that nothing has been left behind, then dashes out the door, tossing his bag in the backseat of Bobby’s Toyota.
Zanna nods and squirms to get down, so he lets her go. She dashes off down the hallway, and Castiel turns to the kitchen to find Ellen. "Ellen, do we have anything stored away I can eat as a wolf for the next few days?"
"Oh yeah," Sam throws in. "This was before Dean and I joined up with this crew officially. Cas starts yellin' at him to get out of the way, and this idiot stumbles out of the Impala. He's got a half-empty bottle of Jack in his hand. And he's
They make their way through the underbrush and break out of the trees at the edge of a small stream, and Castiel stops, taking in the stream bed. "Wow, this is really pretty."
Bobby grumbled as they walked over to the office. "Hey, Bobby yourself. What were ya out there thinkin’ so hard about?"
“OK, doc, hang in there. Fairly sure it’s fixed now.” There’s silence for a few more beats, then, “Go for it.”
Bobby is waiting at the door. He looks at Castiel when he catches sight of Zanna following him, but the Alpha shakes his head, curtailing any questions. Bobby turns and raps on the door.
She cuts him off. "No. Keep them in the back of your mind. Worst case is they are both dead." Castiel's lungs seize in his chest at the thought. "Anything else can be dealt with. Plan for them coming home, be flexible for everything else."
He landed on the bed with a soft 'oof' and Dean crawled onto the bed until he hovered over Cas' body. He grinned down at him and ducked his head to Cas' neck, sucking a little mark into the soft skin over his pulse point. Cas gasped and buried a hand in Dean's hair, scratching his scalp softly.
"No, it's not. Adults shouldn't be airing their dirty laundry in front of the kids, and Lydia was determined to do so. I'll make sure it doesn't happen again."
He danced his way through the office and over to Garth's desk, singing into an air mic until the two of them dissolved into laughter.
They decide to have everyone but Dean, Charlie, and Zanna go with Meg back to the homestead in wolf form, leaving everyone's belongings packed away in Cas' little Mazda SUV. For a plastic car, it could hold a surprising amount of crap. The pack would get everything up and running again, Meg there to smooth the way if needed since she's still got all her ID and such.
Dean raises his eyebrows and follows his brother into the part of the clinic where the recovery cages are kept and around to the back row. His eyes fall on a tiny black kitten who is missing most of an ear and has a patch of gauze over his left eye. Dean looks up at Sam to see his face is twisted into a grimace of rage.
"Yup," Cas says, snatching the mic up. Charlie talks them through side roads, and they finally manage to get back in front of the storm a few minutes later. They look at each other, and Dean nods.
Dean grumbles and moves his head so he can glare at Castiel. He worms his way under the covers before he returns to his human form and pops his head out. "I understand there's food? And why the hell is there dirt all over the bed?"
“Hey, just so you know. As long as this shit’s making you happy? You keep putting it up and ignore Sammy, you got it?”
Dean sits. He may be hurt by Cas keeping stuff from him, but he'd like to think he's far from stupid. Most of the time.
Cas and Dean look up at the clouds. The roar of the tornado can still be heard—they both know this funnel hasn't given up. "It's back, Dean."
Over the past few weeks, Dean'd tried to talk with Emma about school, just to have her brush him off. He knew from Ellen that the kid hadn't let up on Emma at school, but every time he brought it up with his daughter, she just shrugged and changed the subject. Dean got desperate enough to ask Jack, but he didn't know much beyond what Ellen did. All he had to say about it was "Ben don't like her and he's a mean bully. He don't like me neither ‘cause I live with Missouri."
"Just wanted to see how you're doing." He looks over at the paramedic. "How is she?" The paramedic murmurs back that she's alright and climbs out of the back, and Cas turns back to Missouri. "I was so worried about you." He gently takes her right hand and makes a wounded sound.
"Son of a bitch," Dean swears. He'd let up on the gas as they were watching TOTO, but he leans down on the pedal again, hoping-
"Cas?" Castiel looks up to see his cousin's fear-stricken face. "I don't even know if you want to hear this, but I was listening to the radio, and uh, NSSL—it's happening. They've predicted an F5."
Dean rolled his eyes as he made a right turn to head down Main. "No. I'm going to have a lawyer look at them first."
Missouri walked behind him and smacked him on the back of his head, snapping him out of his thoughts. He glared at her as she walked off. Her only response was to wave at him over her shoulder.
Cas looks like he wants to say something, but apparently changes his mind. Instead, he has Dean sit down and serves homemade pot roast for both of them.
Cole sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "Dean, you know you are my best friend in the world, but I need to get this off my chest."
Dean shakes his head in bemusement. Weird guy, what with the collection of patterned coffee mugs. Nice, though. Easy on the eyes, too, Dean can admit to himself. He wanders back into the kitchen-slash-dining room and savors his coffee, letting it wake up the parts of his brain the PT didn’t. Once Dean drains the mug, he rinses it and puts it upside down to dry in the sink. He takes a shower then checks his phone. It’s close enough to seven he decides that Sam won’t murder him, so he calls his little brother to fill him in.
"Seriously, Dean, you look half dead. Go home. We got this," she says as she crosses her arms over her chest and glares at him. "Don't make me call Sam."
Castiel sniffs as he sits back down next to Zanna and Dean. Zanna smells like a wolf, but there's something about the pup that seems off. "Well, either way, I'd feel better if you came back to camp with us tonight so I can monitor your leg."
Castiel, who was now sitting on a pillow in front of the couch, leans his head back and watches Dean as he crosses the room. “He normally isn't like that with anyone other than me. I adopted him from the shelter in Jackson when he was just a year old.”
Dean shudders and puts Baby back into drive and heads back into town. He stops at Harvelle's Tavern and waves at Ellen.
“Five bucks.” Dean slides over a ten and retreats with his breakfast to the same corner table he sat at two days prior.
With all this in mind, he decides to make dinner, shooting Cas a text to invite him over whenever he gets back from whatever it is he’s doing.
Dean brightens. "That's an excellent idea, Cas! It'll be nice to run for fun for a change and not have to worry about going hungry if we don't manage to pull anything down."
Dean shook his head. "No, if you did that then I wouldn't have Emma. We're here now, let’s just make the best of it from here out."
it wrong. And when she came to complain, she did so after we were already closed. I offered to take the items from her and replace them the next morning, even offered to drive them out to her place myself, and she refused. Said she wanted the swap to be done right then and there, which yes, I did refuse since we had already locked up and were standing outside. It was well after our posted hours of operation."
Dean rubbed the back of his head. "Not sure I'm a fan of the Internet these days, Bobby. But, you do have a point."
As he sits up, she jumps down to the floor, rubbing back and forth across his shins. "Alright, I get it. Time for dinner," he says as he hauls himself off the couch. She trots after him into the kitchen, tail in the air, and leaps up onto the counter as he opens a can of food for her. He dances his fingers down her spine as she eats, chin propped up in his hand, and smiling softly.
"With your permission, I'll call in the rest of my pack. We'll need your help to figure out where those evil sons of bitches are. We find them, kill them, and bring the rest of your pack home."
Dean clears the stairs to his porch in two bounds and sprints to his bedroom. He pulls out clean jeans and boxers, tossing them on the bed. He ducks in the bathroom and turns on the shower, letting it warm up before he dashes back out to his closet and rummages around for a clean over-shirt and throws it on the bed.
“I uh, know that grooming is normally only for uh, family and stuff, but uh, I mean, you are family and-”
They laid in bed for a few more minutes and dozed until the smell of bacon wafted up the steps and into the room. Emma's nose twitched and Dean's stomach grumbled. They untangled themselves from the bedding and trooped down the steps, stumbling into the kitchen.
"You know," he says conversationally, "I never saw myself getting a pet, but after hanging out with you, I can see the appeal."
They climb out of the ditch, mud clinging to everything and making the grass slick. As the two men scramble over the side of the berm, they see the Jeep, sitting upside down in the middle of the road; the Dodge is stopped just past it.
“Yep,” Claire replies, dodging a kid running by. “This year, he says he’s going to do a snow demon.”
With Dean still unconscious in his lap, Castiel turns to Zanna, checking her over for any urgent needs. Zanna, as he suspected in the caves, is dehydrated and malnourished, but they'll be able to get her back to healthy with some help from Ellen and IV fluids. And a lot of rest.
"Holy shit," he whispers. Cosmos' entire body softens, and she shoves her way into the blanket burrito with him. She tucks up next to his chest and starts purring as hard as she can (or so it feels when his chest is resonating with her purrs) and starts gently making biscuits in the blanket. He wraps his arms around her and hugs her. "Thank you," he breathes into her fur, realizing that Cosmos very likely saved his ass by shocking him out of his downward spiral. She chirps, nips his chin softly, and they stay curled in each other until Dean calms down enough to loosen his hold on her. She stands up on his thighs and looks at him for a few seconds, head cocked to the side in a way that reminds him of Cas. She evidently comes to some decision, because she rubs her cheeks all over his face. He shivers as her fur rasps through his stubble, and he sets his forehead to hers, rubbing his thumb under her chin. They sit like that until the movie ends and a trailer for Disenchantment starts playing. He looks up, and she jumps down, bolting for the kitchen. He grins at her antics and follows her. She's earned her can of food for the day.
Charlie crashes to her knees next to Dean and throws her arms around his shoulders, causing him to cry out. She jerks back, a look of horror on her face. "Dean? What happened?"
"That's because you don't get it. Now get yourself into an old pair of jeans and a shirt you don't care about and get on out there." She swatted him on the ass, making him jump and glare after her as she cackled her way out of his room.
Cas screams and braces his left hand to the roof of the truck. They plow through the siding and into the house. They drive through what looks like a living room and out the dining room window, back onto the road. They blink once they burst out the other side of the house and look at each other.
Cas nods. The paramedic leans in and tells them they have a clear path to the hospital, so Castiel gives his aunt one last kiss on the forehead and climbs out of the ambulance, watching as it pulls away. He turns to what's left of Missouri's house, the tinkling of the wind chimes catching his attention. He wanders closer to her latest creation, one that's shaped like little dust devils with pinwheels attached to it. He cocks his head, thinking. Jess notices him looking at the chimes and smacks Charlie in the shoulder, pointing at him.
“Great!” She retakes Cas’ arm and starts chattering away at him, reminding him of all the times they used to do this when they were dating. When they get back around to the opening in the fence, Dean silently skates out, wobbling onto the bank. He sees Naomi watching Cas and Meg with a smug smile on her face.
Cas clenches his jaw. "Dick, listen to me. The pack is too light. The twister will toss it before it reaches the core. You have to anchor it."
“What? Can’t I hang out with my favorite person in this backwoods town?” She sits down next to Cas and snuggles up to his side, batting her eyelashes at him.
“I don’t really know? I mean, I like the guy, but I don't want to get stuck here in a town where I don't know anyone if he does decide to get back together with his ex and move, you know?”
Dean wiggles out from under the bushes and sits back on his heels. "Shit, what are we supposed to do now?"
Cas' attention is riveted on the cloud behind them now. "Dean," urgency makes his throat tight. "Any time would be great!"
Haltingly, she tells him about the day that her parents kicked her out of the house. How she and Gabe had just decided to move in together to allow her to start a new life, but the chance was ripped away from them, and she was left at the bus stop with enough money to get somewhere else with a small suitcase of clothing. No phone, no way to get in touch with anyone.
He pulls everything out of the fridge and deposits them on the counter next to the stove before he doctors up his coffee and drains half the cup in one go. He drinks the rest of it as he makes and eats his breakfast and takes a new cup outside to the front porch. The morning is quiet as he sits down in his chair and takes a sip of his coffee. Fury climbs up the leg of the chair, and they sit in silence, soaking up the waking world.
And yeah, it is good to see Sam and Jess. They barely get to see each other during the storm season now. They trade hugs and chat as Cas looks over the camera that Kevin called him over to inspect.
Missouri hummed under her breath. "Oh, well, yeah. Yeah, l know what you mean," she said, nodding. "Relatives are trouble. I couldn't agree more. I ever tell you about Walter, my cousin?"
A twangy country song, something by Shania Twain, Cas thinks, starts playing on the radio as Lisa turns to Castiel. “That man is waiting for Dean? Why?”
Cole reached for him but dropped his hands to his sides as Dean flinched back. "Dean, I really am sorry. I didn't go and plan to fall in love with your wife, but here we are and-" Stars burst across his vision and Cole felt himself go sideways. He caught himself on the edge of the doorway and shook his head to clear his vision. He looked up and Dean's shaking his hand out, face dark.
Cas looks up at the sky and zeros in on the clouds. He reaches over and slams the tailgate up. “Let’s go, people. We’ve got work to do!”
Dean reached over and turned the volume down, muttering under his breath about the fact that he doesn't want to go home, but it was the only place left for them now. His ten-year-old daughter, Emma, was asleep in the passenger seat, securely buckled with her bunny clutched in her arms. Everything that Dean could get from the house was packed into the backseat of Baby, his '67 Chevy Impala. The car was the only thing he’d wanted after his father passed away in a drunk driving accident since the Winchesters had damn near lived in it all of Dean’s childhood. He'd had to leave almost everything behind in Boston but they had clothes, important papers, pictures, keepsakes that couldn't be replaced, and most importantly, his woodworking tools, safely tucked into the trunk of the car under the suitcases of clothing.
“We need to go to the storm cellar. Right now.” She leaned down and passed the baby to him. “Take Sammy and go with Daddy. Hurry now!” He could hear the fear in her voice, and he nodded.
. His omega is as happy as a pig in shit, even if they haven't done anything other than kiss that one time.
As he took his last bite, a gravel voice floated from over his shoulder. "Bold choice, eating by yourself."
Castiel cuts off Dean’s panicked rambling by placing his hands on either side of Dean’s face and pulling him into a searing kiss. Dean groans and grips Castiel’s shoulders like a lifeline.
"I mean, yeah, Cas has been keeping stuff from me. But at the same time, it's not stuff that really matters all that much, right?"
For a second, Dean considers lying through his teeth, but something tells him Bobby would see right through him. “Was already plannin’ on coming by to see if I could do any work on the Impala, but Cas has a visitor. Kinda threw me, and I like workin’ on cars when I'm out of sorts.” He looks over at Bobby. “Cars are simple, straight-forward.”
"Mama, breakfast was at seven, where in the world would I have gone before seven am this morning?" Yeah, Dean was feeling a little grouchy today, but he felt like he had a right at this point. It's been a shitty week.
Dean plunked a kiss on her head as he plated a pancake for her and set the syrup down. "Mornin' sweetheart. Need help with your hair this morning?"
Dean sighs. "Come on in, I'll tell you as I get myself cleaned up." She stomps up the stairs behind him and pushes past when they make it to the kitchen. She shoves him at one of the stools and silently tells him to sit before whirling away and stomping down the hallway to his bathroom where the first aid supplies are.
"Well, at least let us escort you and Zanna home," Meg cuts in. Castiel looks over at his friend, and she shoots him a look of 'try and talk me out of this, I dare you'.
Dean shrugs. “Eh, might as well. Not like I can go anywhere else.” He follows the dog down what looks to be the main drag, taking in the different stores and such.
Cosmos must have been stretched up, reaching for a new spot on his door to scratch because when he opens the door, she falls forward into the house. She chirps and rubs against his shins, but he backs away from her, shuts the door, and goes back to the couch.
For a moment, he's glad that whatever is going through Cas' head isn't affecting Cosmos. She hadn't been around the last few days, and he'd been afraid that Cas had locked her in the house or something. He pets her as he thinks, and he feels her purring against him. She stirs and looks up at him, blinking, before she head butts him and rubs her face in his stubble.
sign with a black and white pit bull-lookin’ dog standing next to it. The dog’s green-and-red sweater covered body is wiggling from the force of its tail, and it seems to be happy to see Dean.
Cas slides between Dean and the stove, reaching back to turn off the burners. She loops her arms around his neck and draws him down into a kiss. He wraps his arms around her waist and tugs her closer, grinning at her laugh. She turns in his arms and turns the burners back on.
Dean pointedly ignores her and looks up at the clock. "Alright, Blondie, it's well past time for me to get out of here and let the crew finish out the day." He runs down what's left to do for the day as he divests himself of his apron and gets shooed out of his own place of business. "Dude, what's the rush to get me out of here?"
he asks as he forces himself into a run, following the blonde wolf in front of him. He can hear the others scrambling to keep up as they dodge through the trees.
The cat quirks her head to the side before settling down to wash. Dean chuckles and turns back to his journal, tracing out his front yard and making notes where things like electrical lines and such cross over the boundaries. He'll probably build arches for those areas so that the cat and other non-flying small animal life could come and go safely, but keep larger animals and non-keyed humans out of his yard.
Gabriel sits, chewing on his lip as he watches the Doppler radar. Something's brewing in this storm, he can feel it, and he wants to know the instant things change. The local news drones on about the weather from the small TV next to him.
The jerk starts, surprised, and Dean gets a good look at his face for the first time. It is, in fact, the same man who'd gone into Bobby's store for the traps, and anger rips through him. He swiftly advances on Luc with clenched fists and swings with a right hook, connecting with the man's jaw. Luc snarls at Dean as he stumbles back, but recovers swiftly, throwing up his left arm to block Dean's next punch.
Dean dances out of her way, but when he turns back, he sees Castiel hasn't moved an inch. He seems to be rooted to the spot, and panic takes him over. His wolf rushes to the surface, recognizing the threat. Dean lets it take control and is propelled forward, leaping at the cow, snapping and snarling to get her attention on him instead of the black wolf.
Dean can't hold his anger back anymore and steps out from behind the tree. "Hey loser, you realize that hunting season is like, months off, right?"
Castiel's heart melts at his words. She's missed him too, and she resolves to herself that even if he doesn't want to see human her that she will make it a point to come see him as Cosmos. She purrs and lays down on his chest, tucking her nose under her tail until they both fall asleep.
Cas grins. “Gabe is at home. He and Zuzu get along just fine, but I wanted this to be about you and Uurzua, and we both know how Gabe gets.”
, three minutes. If we could get this information, we could increase that to fifteen minutes, easy.”
“Well,” Dean says, looking away. “If we knew how a tornado actually worked, we could design an advance warning system, for instance.”
Dean looks up with an eyebrow raised. “You wanna help?” Castiel nods once, and Dean shrugs. “Dude, sure. Let me show you what’s what, and we’ll get started.”
Castiel lifts his head to see he's buried under at least three pack members. Charlie and Garth, and possibly Benny as well. He looks back at his brother. "
"Please close the door." Her heels clicked on the wood floor as she made her way to her desk and she was taking her seat when he turned around to face her. He felt underdressed in his clean jeans, flannel, and undershirt compared to her smart pantsuit. He cleared his throat.
Acknowledgment flashes in Dean's eyes, and the gold fades away. He shakes his head in answer to Castiel's question. "No. She tried a few times, but no." He shudders. "She got close once, but uh-"
He follows his girlfriend as she trots across the living room to the back door, and he opens that too. He stands on the back porch and watches as Cas plays with the snowflakes falling from the sky. After a few minutes, Fury joins her, and the two cats tumble around as the snow piles up around them.
They are, however, a bane to Cas’ existence when it comes to her decorations for Christmas. They are corvids, after all, and they love shiny objects.
Gabe bounces on the balls of his feet. “You got it, boss-man,” he replies, then dashes off to the team.
"Dean, you had nothing to do with her deciding to come down here and try to throw her weight around. I'm proud of how you handled it," Castiel replied as he took his hat off and ran a hand through his hair, fluffing it up. "To be honest, I'm surprised it took her this long to come down here and try something."
“What can I do to help?” she says when she’s done, and Dean loves this woman with everything he has.
Dean looks around his pack and sighs. "We really should move, make it harder for her to find us again. You know she's just going to come back as soon as Cas and Meg leave."
Dean does as he’s bid, carrying his boots as he follows Castiel down the hallway into the kitchen. He points to a closed door.
"Lydia, we are not going to have a conversation like this while I'm driving, let alone with our daughter in the car. If we have any questions, we'll let you know." He motioned to Emma to take the phone again and she hung up when he asked her to. "Thanks, kiddo."
He pulls the tire out of the bed of the truck, letting it bounce on the ground. He rolls it over to the tech that’s walking to the front of the garage, wiping his hands with a stained rag.
Cas calls for Missouri again as Dean shushes Mose. "Dean, I think she's down here. Mose! Missouri! We're here and coming down. Stay where you are."
Dean splutters. "Wait, you have a cat? Dude, what the hell? I've known you forever and I've never met this cat!"
"You named your aloe plant, Bob?" Castiel asks as he comes around the back of the car, folded up tent in hand.
Dean squats next to her and rubs her back, setting the mug down well out of the way. "Hey, come on. What's up?"
Dean makes a sleepy murmur of dissent but lets Castiel bully him out of the majority of his clothes and into the bed. As Castiel is turning away to go to his own room, Dean whimpers. “Cas? Will you stay?”
Castiel nods and tilts his head. He closes his eyes and stands up straight, rolling his shoulders back. He feels his Grace rush through him and allows his wings to manifest on the physical plane. A gasp next to him has Castiel opening his eyes and looking over at Dean.
Dean groaned but dug his keys out of his pocket. "Fine." He dropped them into Ash's waiting hand and the bartender tipped an invisible hat at them.
Dean spends the next few hours people-watching. He grins and waves as Charlie speeds by, watches as all sorts of people wander back and forth. He makes up stories for them in his head. He wonders, as someone in a bright pink parka walks by, what Benny and Tran are up to right now. Who Zuzu’s new handler is, what they are like. He reaches down and pats Gabriel on the head.
Dean shrugged and leaned against the counter. "Just thinkin’ of what I could start as a project in my spare time." He looked down at his hands and flexed his fingers. "I miss working with the wood, you know?"
They're almost to the cave that Dean's been sleeping in for the past however long they've been in this area when Jo bursts out of the treeline, scaring Castiel and Meg and instantly putting Dean's back up.
It’s been a week since a Greyhound and an Uber took Dean to Cincinnati and away from River’s Crossing. From Cas. He’s spent that week camped out in Sammy’s spare bedroom, both his brother and his sister-in-law letting him wallow in his misery.
Dean sniffled and wiped his nose on his sleeve. "Thanks, Mama." He drew back from his brother, who wisely didn't say anything. "It's good to see you too, Sammy."
"Twelve years," Dean said. "It's been twelve years since we broke up Lisa. We didn't even go out that long. You've been married, divorced, and have a good job."
Cas’ team pulls up in a small town, ready to set up and monitor the weather outside a tiny diner while Dean gets his tire fixed. They got the spare on the truck, but it’s a donut and
The scruffy dog jumped in, and Mommy pulled the door shut again, trying to lock it. The wind tugged at the wood, though, and she couldn’t get it latched. Dean was starting to get scared as the whistling of the wind outside changed to a roar. As he squirmed his body into the furthest corner of the cellar, the scent of dirt clouding his nose and clutching Buddy and Sammy to him, he watched as the door started shaking in its frame. His mom was still holding onto it, yelling at the strain it was putting on her body.
Both wolves turn and dart away, crashing through the underbrush until the cow finally breaks off and turns back to her calf.
Dean shook himself out of his thoughts and poured himself a glass. "No, I have not been drinking," he huffed. "Do I have a coaster stuck to my butt or something? Dolores and Shanna both asked me that yesterday too!" He twisted around, trying to look at his butt to illustrate his ire.
Cas’ return text tells him it will be a bit, so Dean decides to go all out with lasagna and salad. A quick trip to the market and an hour later, Dean’s got an honest-to-God salad in the fridge with dressing options to go with it. The lasagna is in the oven and the garlic bread is ready to be thrown in to heat whenever Cas gets here.
Marv pales and backs away from the small trench his toes were butting up against. He sneers at Dean though as he picks up the discarded can of food and the cat carrier. "Whatever helps you sleep at night Deano. Have fun with the pussy, you dickless excuse of a Witch."
“’S OK. This is just as good as long as you have the drugs.” Cas hands the bottle over, along with a glass of water, then sits down next to Dean, swapping the glass for a mug once he’s finished tossing down the tablets. Dean quirks an eyebrow. “What’s this?”
Dean stares at the ceiling for a while, thinking. He knows this is it for him. Hearing loss in an MP, let alone a dog handler, is a death knell for his military career. From here, he’ll be medically discharged and sent home to start over as a civilian.
Dean's finished with his coffee, and Fury is dozing on his lap when a crow lands on the banister above the holly bushes and caws at him. Dean waves at the bird and it fluffs up all its feathers, cawing at him again. Dean focuses on the bird and it jumps back and forth on the railing a few times. When it realizes it has his attention, the crow takes off and swoops above the bushes a few times before it lands on the banister and caws again.
He stills at the sound of Cas' voice. He turns the water off and reaches out for the towel hanging next to the sink and slowly turns around.
Sunday, Dean got up early and snuck downstairs to make breakfast. He gathered the eggs, milk, butter, cheese, assorted fresh veggies, and bacon from the fridge and set up to start chopping ingredients for the best omelet bar there ever was. The house's occupants wandered down one at a time with Sam and Jess showing up shortly after, and Dean let them decide on the ingredients regardless of his personal feelings on the combinations (spinach and onions? Gross). Once everyone was fed, Sam and Jess pack up and leave and the rest of the house goes back to their normal Sunday routine.
Charlie hums. “You know, Cas, if its the booze and the taste you don’t like, we might be able to tweak the recipe to something you do like. You up for it?”
“I- maybe? Let me call my brother and find out when he’ll be home. We can make a family trip out of it.” Dean’s lying through his teeth about the family trip bit, knowing full well he doesn't intend to stick around. But he doesn't want Eileen to have to drive back alone, even though he knows damn well she can do so just fine.
“It’s for Ellen—she says she needs them by tomorrow night. She swears up and down she thought she called for them already, but I couldn’t find anything, and she sounds super stressed out about it.”
But, par for the course for Dean, Meg shows up not five minutes later. Dean wonders if he’s been cursed. Or if she has a tracker on him.
! Go!" Kevin scampers off, flagging one down, and a paramedic hops out of the back, getting a stretcher out as the boys bring Missouri over. They all help her to lay down on it.
Charlie shrugs. "Zanna wants to go on a run, I kinda want to go with her, but we need someone to escort us since I'm unmated and she's just a pup."
Dean turns in his grasp and leads the way through the kitchen and hallway down to his room. He opens the door and lets Cas proceed him before he closes and locks the door. After a few seconds of thought, he tugs off one of his boots and a sock and opens the door again to tie the sock around the doorknob. Castiel raises an eyebrow at the odd behavior, but Dean shakes his head.
A large hand grips his bicep to help him up, and Dean reaches out, grasping Cas’ shoulder. “Thanks.” He pats the shoulder and steps away, testing his balance. Gabe slinks over to Dean, and he reaches down, petting him on the head. “It’s OK, buddy. I’m OK.” He straightens and looks over at Cas and Jody, whose faces are lined with worry. “I’m alright, I promise. I think I need to head back to the house and ice this knee before it swells up and starts to cause problems, though.”
Dean looks over at Castiel. “You don't have to feed me every time you see me, you know.” And he winces at himself; that came out a little harsher than intended.
“Thanks, sunshine.” Dean pushes up from the bed and leans over to kiss Cas’ cheek. “As much as I’m enjoying this, I need coffee and to pee. Just not in that order.” He rolls out of bed and hunts around for a pair of sweatpants and throws on his dead guy robe. Judging by the floor, Dean deems it cold enough to warrant his slippers, so he digs them out of his closet and slips those on too. He looks over at Castiel, who has hidden his wings away again. “Hey man, you want some sweatpants? Something not so dressed up as your normal getup?”
"I bet we get to see some F4's today," Sam says, leaning back and putting his arm around Jess' shoulders.
Dean collapses into his chair and rubs a hand over his face, scrunching his nose when he realizes he still has flour all over his hands. He sighs and drops his hand to his lap. "Sorry about that, by the way."
"Go on home, Cas. I can wrap my hand up and get the rest of this taken care of." He sees her hesitate and thinks for half a second that she's going to talk to him, but then her shoulders drop, and she turns away. He watches silently as the person he thought was his best friend walks out of his house, shutting the door gently.
Dean bares his teeth at Dick. “She was our idea, and you know it.” He spits at the ground next to Dick. “You’re nothing but a damn thief and a liar.”
The next few minutes are full of eight wolves jostling for position as Castiel evenly spaces the shirts out. When he gets to the last ones, he bows his head and buries his face into them, drawing the scents of the two missing into his lungs.
"No. One, I'm not going to put that on her with all of this shit going on right now. Two," he sighs and rubs his neck. "I don't know Alicia. We've been friends since I moved here, but..." He shrugs and Alicia nods.
He happened to have the Wednesday in question off since he was pulling a shift on Saturday, so he was in the yard building more raised beds when the kids got home from school. They came running through the yards like the hounds of hell were on their heels, Emma with a look of fierce pride on her face and Jack a look of pure fear on his. He raised his eyebrow at the spectacle and Jack broke off to run up to Dean.
, avoids Joshua like the plague; since that man knows much more than he's letting on, Dean just knows it, and everything is fine.
The three men make their way back into the kitchen, and Dean passes out mugs of the beverage. “Your’s is plain, Cas, but Sammy and I have a marshmallow vodka in ours, just for a kick.”
A tawny brown wolf jumps on the back of the brown one, diverting its attention away from Castiel. He hurries out of the rest of his clothing and drops back to Zanna.
He turned over on his side and stared out the window. Lydia had written him a letter to explain her side of things, but how does one explain their change of heart to someone they were supposed to love? Someone that they had been with for years and had a child with?
Dean pulled her into his lap. "I know so. Now, you and me need to talk, cause I want to know all about Friday at school and what you and Jack and Missouri got up to last night after you left the barn dance."
Cosmos hasn't shied away from Dean in a while, not since that first tentative week where he was pretty sure she was trying to figure him out. But now, she seems to be actively trying to get him to take the key from the collar.
Dean shoulder checks him gently. “No problem, Cas.” A yawn sneaks up on him, and he smiles ruefully. “Time to hit the hay. It’s been a long day. Mind if I go get changed?”
"Dude, you should see your face right now," he cackles as he collapses on Castiel's bed. "Your smite-y face really does translate well to your canine body."
Jo brings him the pack, and he starts digging through it for gauze. He hands a roll to Jo. "Cover Zanna's eyes with this. It'll protect them from the light when we get out of here." She nods and turns to the little puma, winding the cotton around her head. He turns back to Dean.
The bell jingles and draws Claire to the counter, so Dean finishes his coffee and muffin. He busses his table for the next person once he’s finished. He waves to Claire then ducks out of the cafe. As he meanders toward Bobby’s shop, he thinks.
Krissy raises an eyebrow at him and leans a hip against the counter, arms crossed. "Uh-huh. Is that why you are punching that poor baby bread like its personally offended Cas' honor?"
. I love you.” He turns around and walks over to the crew, dismissing Lisa from his mind. “Alright, folks! Load it up. We gotta move!”
She smacked him in the chest with the back of her hand, but Dean could see the smile stretched across her face. "No sassin’ me boy, or I'll not let you have any of the apple pie I made this afternoon."
Dean’s jaw works. “Yeah, you should have.” He looks at Cas. “I’ll give you one day. I don’t give a crap if she flies or not. One day, then I’m gone.”
"Uh-huh," she says as she brushes the powder off the front of her clothes. She looks up in time to get a face full of flour and splutters. "Methinks he doth protest too much," she mutters under her breath.
"Well it's good to see you laughing, Dean," Garth said as he wiped the tears from his eyes. "Although I'm pretty sure we should leave the Aerosmith to Tyler. His vocal range is better."
"Sorry, no, I'm just really excited, cause like, Benny and me both like going out on hikes all the time, and Benny knows all the best waterfalls, and I'd bet he'd
"We weren't the only ones, Dean. She poisoned the whole senior body against you, in one way or another."
"It's a wrap around all the way around the house," Cas said as he led Dean outside. "It's all covered too, so no matter what the weather, you can be out here and not worry about getting rained on or frying in the sun. The lake is that way, and you'll be able to see right to it when I get done clearing- mfph."
“SHUT UP GABE!” This time it’s three people yelling at him. Gabe just waggles his eyebrows and Benny apparently can’t help it anymore, and bursts out into laughter.
Castiel’s only response is a nod, and another groan as Dean starts a circular motion with his thumbs. He can feel the muscles in his wings relaxing as Dean makes his way along the right wing out to the alula.
“Well, at the risk of sounding like an ass, I reckon you’ll figure it out, Winchester. Let's get this formal shit out of the way and get you out of this overgrown litter box, huh?”
Garth got up and slapped a hand on Dean's back. "Well, it's in the past and, as I'm fond of saying, it can darn well stay there," he said with a grin. "Now. I don't plan on booting you out of here without at least a full 40 hours of pay, no matter what Crowley says. So let's get back to work, hey?"
Castiel grunts his agreement, and Dean skims his hand down the exposed skin and to the feathers there. A shiver wracks Cas’ body in response, and his mouth drops open at the feeling.
Dean puts his hands on Cas’ shoulder, cutting off the flow of words and grounding him. “Hey. Calm down, ok? Sit down. I’ll reheat you a plate. Do you want some salad, too?”
Dean shook his head. "Not yet. I figure she will eventually, but I know she's gotta be ready to tell me, you know?"
"Oh, I want that," he says, making grabby hands at the plate. He takes the plate from Missouri and sits down at the table, tucking into the food.
"Hello, Dean," Cas said, a smile on his face. "I'll refrain from greeting you the way those two did."
Naomi inclines her head. "And two omegas. You could have fought her off at any time, and yet you didn't. That's not the type of pack you are." Bobby bristles, and Benny puts his hand on the elder's shoulder.
"Now hold on there, Charlie," Dean says, reaching out to his friend and pulling her into his lap. Even as big as she is in this form, he needs to calm her down, so she doesn't go tearing through the den and getting Abbadon's back up. Or any of her cronies, for that matter. "Charlie, listen to yourself. We don't know these shifters. Hell, no one even believes we live out here anyway. I highly doubt these shifters would follow a stranger and help out a pack they don't know, no matter how good their hearts are."
The other part of the team in the blue van radios in their status, and Dean looks at Cas. "Let's do this."
He puts her to work putting together the buttercream frosting while he turns the cupcakes out onto the cooling racks. Once they are all laid out in rows, he turns to his girlfriend and wraps his arms around her waist.
Apparently, he lets his mind drift right into sleep because the next thing he knows, Castiel is shaking his shoulder gently.
“Just hold on a sec there, sunshine.” Dean wiggles until he’s satisfied, then he starts sweeping his arms up and down and legs from side to side. He does this a few times before he seems to be happy with the result and carefully extracts himself from the snow, taking Castiel’s offered hand.
The kitchen is quiet for a few moments until Cas speaks again. "Dean I- I'm sorry I never told you about Gabe. About my family. I just- I've been estranged for so long I honestly never thought I'd see any of them ever again and-"
Gabe huffs and walks away. Dean shakes his head, marveling again at just how weird the dog is. He makes his way across the yard and knocks on the back door, as requested. Thankfully, Cas answers this time.
Cas shakes his head and smashes the heel of his boot into the driver's side window. As he crawls inside, mud dripping off him, Gabe comes up behind him.
No one has ever touched his wings, and Castiel is not prepared for the sensations now running through his being. Pulses of warmth and contentment ripple through his Grace and he hums, leaning into Dean’s touch.
He huffs a laugh and shakes his head, droplets of sweat flying off his nose as he does. He focuses on the shovel in his hands and the dirt being moved back to its rightful place, focusing his intent again. When he feels the spell take hold, he sags a little against the handle, spade buried in the dirt. He's not done, he still needs to spread grass seed and water it all, but it's good enough for him to take a break and not have to worry about people getting into the yard. He looks up at the sky, taking note that the sun is starting to slink down close to the horizon. His stomach speaks up with a rumble, and he figures it's a good enough time for a snack.
"Am scared, and that's ok. You have people here to help you through it; you only have to ask." Joshua stands and squeezes his shoulder. "Now, come run with me."
A blush sprang up on Cas' cheeks, and he ducked his head to hide behind the brim of his hat. "I missed you as well, Dean."
Cas tosses another one to him, and this one holds. They duck into the loop of the leather and grab onto the pipe as the roof is ripped from above their heads. The roar is deafening. The walls shake and fly apart, lifting away into the debris cloud surrounding them. Dean
Everyone looks at Castiel, who shakes his head. "I can't make this decision for you. It's your lands, your area. This is your chance and decision."
She dodges a trap that Frank missed, darting to her right, deeper into the trees. It's darker in this area, and she stutters to a stop, looking around warily. The forest is silent here, and her fur stands on end as she whirls around. She looks up into the trees and sees a few birds hunkered down, hiding. A creak from her left has her whipping her head around in time to see an arrow speeding towards her.
Two thunks break him out of his reverie, and Dean drags his beanie off and drops it to the table before reaching for the two containers.
"Oh yeah," Dean says, a small smile on his face. "It's defiantly a sidewinder. She's gonna go left."
A shot rings out, cutting the alpha's snarl off and her steps short. Her eyes widen, and she staggers at the next shot, blood spattering on the floor. Castiel tucks Zanna's face into his neck to shield her from it, even though her eyes are already covered. Abbadon's forward momentum stops, and it feels like the whole world slows down as she falls, the life fading from her eyes. Jo comes back into the light, holstering her weapon and crossing the room to Anna, who is just starting to stand and shake herself off.
"Alright, let's get you wired up," he says and reaches over, putting the headset on and clipping the receiver to the back of his pants. Cas soaks up the contact while he can. "Alright, you're all set," he says, sitting back.
one. Dean may lean more towards women in general, but he's known he was bi since before he came to Smithville the first time. And grown-up Cas was pushing
she whispers, curling up and pressing into his side so that as much of her body is in contact with Dean's as possible.
“Indeed. Get comfortable, Dean. Take your beanie off and get warm. We can figure out what to do after you thaw out a little.” He sets a coffee mug in front of Dean with dancing bees on it. “Do you want cream or sugar?”
He's just finishing watering the side near Cas' place when she gets home. When she gets out of the car, she looks over and waves.
Dean startles, opening his eyes and grinning sheepishly at Anna. “Just a regular coffee and egg and bacon bagel for breakfast?”
He thumbed his phone and called Charlie. He let it ring until she picked up, then continued. "Lydia, I already told you that you'd have to go through my lawyer."
So far, being back home hadn't been too bad, but he knew the universe was just biding its time. He'd only really interacted with people who had viewed him favorably in his younger years. He tapped the bottle against his lip, wondering what has been eating at Emma. He made a mental note to talk to her after dinner, try to drag out of her what's causing the grey cloud to follow her around.
Ever since Castiel and Dean have moved in together, Dean feels like he’s a Disney princess half the time.
He finds everyone, except for Zanna and the omegas, in the dining room. He does a quick check of everyone, especially Anna, and pronounces them all healthy. Meg tips her head toward the kitchen, so Castiel makes that his next stop.
Castiel nods. He knows the type- his brother Lucifer had been a perfect example before his mother had knocked some sense into him. "
"Speaking." He looked over at Cas and quirked his eyebrow. He hadn't given his new number out to anyone beyond family and Cas, not even to the school.
"Dean," and oh god Cas' voice was three octaves lower than normal, "stop wiggling around or we'll be right back where we were last night."
Cas cleared his throat. "Yes. I stopped drinking a few hours ago when I realized what was going to happen."
Dean runs a hand through the feathers next to his back. “Good to know,” he hums under his breath. He works through the rest of the feathers on the left side and switches to the right. The piles grow steadily larger as Castiel feels the flow of Grace even out in his wings.
!” he rips the hem of his shirt out of his jeans and dance around, trying to get the snow out before it melts into his jeans. Gabe follows him around, snapping at the snow as it falls out.
“I met Claire this morning,” Dean says to Cas, later that day as they stroll along the sidewalk downtown (long after church is over, thank you).
Dean leaned into his mom and sipped from his glass as he thought. "Mama, what did I do wrong? What's so wrong with me that it scared Lydia off like that? That my best friend betrayed me like that?"
The two packs hurried out of the woods to a trail where Garth meets them, truck waiting. They get Castiel, Zanna, and Dean loaded into the cab, and everyone else piles into the bed. There is some shuffling as they bicker and make room, but it works, and no one has to walk back.
Lydia scoffed and whirled around, slamming the screen door open. The slamming of the door cut the strings holding Dean up and he sagged against Cas.
Dean just grinned like a loon as he followed her into the house. Even as shitty as the situation is, it's good to be home and to see his mom again. Maybe Bon Jovi was wrong and you
Dean lays his forehead on Castiel’s and blows out a shaky breath. Castiel wraps his wings around the hunter in his lap, thankful that at least his primaries have come back in.
Kevin swallows and nods. "Dean, someone is out there poking around asking for Cas. Keeps calling her ‘Cassie’ though."
Dean hums, then grins at Castiel. "Why don't we fix that, then?" He crowds Castiel up against the doorframe and leans in. When his face is inches from Dean's, the omega stops. "Is this OK?"
"I don't know!" Cas yells in frustration. He throws up his arms, sensors flying everywhere. He turns away from Dean, hand flying up to his hair and tugging on it.
Which, of course, means it’s Cas who meets them in the bay. He’s the picture of professionalism as Dean rattles off stats and such, right up until the stretcher passes him and he sees who is sitting on it.
Dean shakes his head. “No. I kinda thought I’d be freaking out, but I’m not? Kinda relieved, to be honest.”
Cas sighs and climbs onto the blue Doppler van’s roof, affectionately known as the mobile lab, and sets to fiddling with the radar dish. He can hear music wafting from Gabe’s bus, and he smiles as he waits for Sam to give him the signal to turn the dish back on. A thump on the roof gets his attention as Sam Winchester yells out to him.
"Hey Cas," and Charlie's got her 'I'm-so-sly' look on, "I couldn't help but notice how close to Wakita we are."
"Son of a bitch," Dean breathes, because yeah, he sees her now. She's pissed, and she's right on their tail, eating up the ground between them. He focuses on the land in front of him. He slams on the breaks when he sees a wooden bridge stretching across the ditch in front of them. The tires can't get a grip on the slick ground, and they skid right into the support pole coming out of the earth.
“Mhm. Uncle Cain used to—still does on Christmas morning, for our family—but his knees got too bad for this part of it, so I took over. It’s fun.” He twitches the hat to the side and looks over at Dean. “You don’t have to stay.”
"Bout time you told him. Idjit," Bobby grumbles as the door slams shut. They can hear Dean undoing the chain, and then the door is flung open, and Dean stalks out.
Dean grinned as he scooted out of the booth. "Yes ma'am," he murmured as he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tightly.
River’s Crossing looks to be a small mountain town, typical of this part of Ohio. It’s actually pretty cute, for what Dean assumes is a podunk town. He wonders if it used to be a coal town.
Cas nodded. "Use that internet fame to your advantage. Make some videos, get a website up. At the very least it should attract people who have a morbid sense of humor."
“Man, I’m starting to think y’all are lying to me about Gabe not being a people dog. He loves plastering himself to me every chance he gets.”
“That’s the laundry room; I’ve got a tray in there you can leave your boots on, that’ll keep the water from going everywhere.” He points to another door, “And that’s a powder room you can use to change out of your wet jeans. Do you need something to change into?”
Dean brightened and broke into a grin. "Ellen!" He rushed to the blond woman and gathered her up into a tight hug, swinging her around in a circle as she barked a laugh.
Dean shudders. Marv is an older man who runs an editing company next door to Cas' used bookstore, Lost Titles, and has somehow gotten it into his head that Cas is in love with him. Cas has told him in no uncertain terms that she is
Michael squeezes him as tight as he can. "You're family. Nothing would have stopped me from coming." He slaps Castiel on the back and steps away. "Now, you take care of your omega. If you don't, I'll come steal him from you," he says with a twinkle in his eye so that Castiel knows that he's (mostly) joking. Castiel playfully growls back at him and escorts them to the car, then watches as they drive away.
Castiel's mind has finally calmed down around the time Ellen steps out the door, yelling for them to change out of their fur and get washed up for supper. They all whine like pups but trape into the house to locate clean clothing. They reconvene in the kitchen and dig into the pot roast.
good enough for the kind of driving Dean needs to do to get from here (wherever the fuck they are) back to Oklahoma City. He parks the truck next to an auto shop and climbs out after telling Lisa to just hang out until the tire’s fixed.
Castiel looks over his shoulder to see Dean reaching out for him. “Of course, Dean.” He pads back to the bed and climbs in next to Dean, laying on his side. He tucks his head in under Dean’s chin and covers them with his wing. He feels Dean sigh, and his breath evens out into sleep, and Castiel smiles.
Cas looks over to his navigator and best friend, Charlie Bradbury. He and Charlie had met in school, and the short, plucky redhead is the best navigator in the country. She can find a way to the needle in the middle of a haystack with her eyes closed. Right now, she’s smoothing out her maps on a haystack next to the truck she rides in with Balthazar Roche, an English transplant with a love of V-neck t-shirts. Kevin Tran, a young college student, is standing next to her. Charlie looks annoyed, and the wind shifts so he can hear part of their conversation.
"Go on," Lisa says with a small smile on her face. "She needs you. I hope that Aunt Missouri is OK."
His wolf threatens to take over, and in his grief, Castiel almost allows it to happen. But a flash of red fur reminds him that he still has a pack to protect and lead home. So he turns, his heart heavy, and leads the remaining pack members back to what should have been a celebration.
She pointed to the chair in front of her desk. "Please sit down. Did you bring your resume in with you?"
“Nah, Bobby’s going to have to special order the parts for my car. She’s a classic, so it’s not like they sell them at AutoZone or something.” Dean gets out of the way so Cas can unlock his door, then follows him inside when Castiel motions for him to come in.
He continues to drift as Dean makes his way to the feathers closer to his body. A shiver runs down his spine at the light touch, and Castiel realizes for the first time that he’s starting to feel warm as pleasant feelings replace the pain. His alula feathers are beginning to puff up, and the smaller downy feathers are following suit.
Dean also learns just how much Claire despises Meg since she’s not shy about sharing her opinions on the matter. Loudly.
“Hold your damn horses, Cas,” Sam grumbles as he unfolds his six-foot-plus frame out of the van. He lumbers over to the laptop that’s connected to the Doppler. “Alright, hit me. Where do you want it?”
"CAS, WE ARE IN THE DAMAGE PATH!" he yells. "WE'RE OUT OF TIME!" He pushes at Castiel, bullying him into stumbling back until Castiel relents and turns, dashing to the bridge.
He sighed and looked out to see Cas wiping his forehead with a bandanna. He looked down at himself and grimaced, deciding that he could at least get dressed and take Cas some lemonade. He dug his ratty jeans out and traded his PJs out for the jeans, a white v-neck shirt, and his work boots.
“Ah, I’ve got a bum knee. Sometimes this stuff is the only way I could get through the two-mile run in the mornings. The massage part” —he digs a finger into a knot, and Cas groans— “was taught to me by my physical therapist to keep the scar tissue in my knee from building up.”
Dean Winchester bangs his hand on the drawer as he shoves more IV catheters and tubing into it. “Ow, shit, fuck.
Dean nodded before he remembered his brother couldn't see him. "Yeah Sammy, I will." He snorted. "You know any good divorce lawyers?"
Dean eases the bedroom door open and can't help the soft smile that spreads across his face at what he sees. Cosmos is laying in the middle of his bed in a sunbeam, curled up into a small ball on top of his red and white flannel shirt. Her ear twitches as he opens the door wider, and she lifts her head to look at him.
"That's Anna. She's one of my old pack members." Dean sags, and Castiel lunges forward to catch him, lowering him to the ground and checking him over. Zanna crawls over to him and presses into his side.
"Cas!" Zanna drops the spoon into the bowl and scrambles out of the chair. She rounds the table and launches herself at his knees, clinging to him. He rumbles low in his chest; a noise meant to soothe. "Hey there, little cub. What's that face you were giving Ellen for?"
"Awesome. Just get me the types of ID you'll need and the details to flesh them all out, and I'll get in contact with him as soon as I have it."
He flips over when Dean asks him to, and he smiles lazily at the ceiling. Dean’s hands are gentle as he makes his way through the sensitive underside of his right wing. He hums his pleasure as Dean continues to pluck out the feathers that need to go and straighten the ones that are OK to stay.
She ran over to her bed and jumped on it. "Nope. He makes you smile real big and your heart happy. I like him."
Castiel nods then realizes his mom can't see him. "I understand. Puppy pile after food. Give Missouri my phone."
Most of what he finds is, indeed, superficial. Cuts, scrapes. He's got puncture wounds around his neck, and a set of claw marks too close to his left eye, but it appears there are no broken bones or significant bleeding. He wipes the dirt out of the cuts on his face, then lifts him back out of the tub and takes him back to the bedroom.
“You’ll get along just fine with Bobby, I think. Well, it’s late, and I do still have to get up early in the morning. I doubt there are any rooms left at the inn, but I do have a small guest house if that would be OK with you?”
Cas winces. "Liability only." He puts everything back into his bag, towel folded with the mud inside.
happen to someone else. You have the power to stop this—to make sure that in the future, people have the warning to get to safety."
the tornado, though. We, humans, can’t take measurements from inside the funnel.” He pats the top of the machine. “That’s what TOTO is going to do.”
They run out of the barn and duck again as the barn's roof starts coming off in pieces. They try to yell at each other, but the roar of the tornado drowns them out, and the wind whips away everything else. Dean sees a small structure and smacks Cas' shoulder, pointing to it. They change course. Dean yanks on the door, swearing under his breath when it sticks. He pulls again, desperation rising. Cas grabs the handle too, and after a few pulls, the door swings open, and they duck inside, slamming the door behind them just as another piece of roof flies past.
The room is silent until Ash lets out a wolf whistle, followed by a slap to the back of his head by Bobby. The pack dissolves into giggles, and Gabe shakes his head.
"You're mighty chipper this morning. What's got you all happy?" Ellen asks, amusement evident in her tone.
Dean nods. “And that’s why I’m setting up the tree and decorating. I’d like to have at least one good memory, you know?”
The bird bobs its head up and down a few times, then it hops over to Dean’s shoulder. It preens the hair sticking out from under his hat and then flies away. After work, he does some research and after dismissing the ideas that will scare them off entirely, he decides to do two things: put up some netting and feed them away from the porch. After a few days, the two seem to get it, Cas is happy, and things stop being taken.
Dean laughed and slapped Cas' shoulder. "Well, sounds like we've got our work cut out for us then, huh?"
Cas leads the way back to his Jeep, lowers the tailgate, and climbs up into the bed. He rips the burlap cover off the tornado instrument pack and looks back at Dean. Cas feels satisfaction rip through him at the sight of Dean standing there, slack-jawed.
"Yeah, she was pretty upset. She'd managed to hobble over to her place and use the key she gave you to let herself in."
Donna shrugs and reaches out, plucking a powdered donut from the box on Jody’s desk. “You know if these cells keep going the way they are, we could have a record outbreak of tornadoes.” She takes a bite, and sugar falls from the donut to her shirt. She looks down and swipes it away.
They end up going by Domino's and getting the pizza as carry out instead since they were already in town and head to Dean's place after he finished up with the baking he needed to do for the day.
They wander down to Anna’s first. More coffee for Dean and a bran muffin for Gabe later, Anna sits down at the table with Dean.
Dean reaches for the mic at the same time as Cas. They look at each other and go for it again. Stalemate. Dean waves his hand to it.
The next morning Dean goes through his new routine again, adding a run and stopping for coffee and muffins for him and Cas. After they eat and Dean showers, he finds himself being pushed down to the main drag to help decorate after Naomi gives a speech. He’s reasonably sure he’s never seen that many lights in one place before, let alone had to help someone put them up. He’s not even sure there were this many lights on base.
Mornings are definitely not his favorite time of the day, but a baker must be up and going well before sunrise, especially this time of year. Metaline Falls, Washington gets hot in the summer, and he likes to get a head start on the heat to get a good portion of the week's baking started. Sundays are for pre-baking the pie shells and he'll also get the day's normal baking done. He's got another baker, Jess, who comes in and helps him out during the week and takes Saturdays so he can get a full day off, but Dean's on his own for Sundays, just like when he first started. He's the only one allowed to put the pies together since he spells them with good fortune runes, and no one messes with his bread and butter.
"She's right," Jess says as she takes a slab of beef off Missouri's plate. "If you're gonna get hit, that’s the safest orifice."
Fury brushes against their legs and chirps. Dean steps back and lets Cas reach down and pick him up. After six months and a lot of love and care, the kitten finally looks his age. He purrs and butts his head under Cas' chin.
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I figured that would be the case. It’s worth it for the old girl, though.” He cocks his head to the side, thinking. “Is there anywhere I can stay while I’m here?”
she's scarier now than when we were kids." He took a drink of his beer and hummed. "Are you working tomorrow?"
There’s a round of ‘aww’s from the room, but Dean pays no mind, making sure to pet Gabriel all along his wiggly body. Zuzu watches, tail wagging.
A few seconds later, the damn thing beeps and starts sweeping from side to side, and Cas stomps on the roof. “Hey! It’s working now, thank God. Give me a reading!”
Dean's heat hits a week after the majority of the Novak pack left. And as much as Dean's wolf wants Castiel to be its mate,
Dean chuckles along with the older omega. "I was walking along a hallway, completely lost, and then all of a sudden, this little boy was standing there. He couldn't have been more than five, but he was already so
Dean looked up to the sky, asking for strength. Of course Ben was her son. He stabbed the call button.
Cosmos, for her part, looks as shocked as a cat can before she chirps and wanders over to the table and jumps up onto it next to the now empty ice cream carton. He feels guilty for a few seconds before he remembers that the thing had been mostly empty anyway. Cosmos sniffs at the container and licks it a few times before Dean grunts at her, warning her away from eating any more. She turns her attention to him and leaps over onto the couch and sniffs at his face. He wrinkles his nose as her whiskers tickle his forehead and jerks away from her questing nose. She chirrups lowly again and presses her body to the top of his head and starts purring. He sighs and angles his head up so he's looking her in the eye.
Mom opened his door, six-month-old Sammy in her arms wrapped in a blanket. “Dean. Dean, wake up, Sweetie.”
"Not as many as I'd like," Meg says sadly. "Being and working alone, I haven't been able to rig up a good system to carry system for my wolf. Anything that requires jumping and climbing to get to is out because it jolts the equipment too much."
They snuggle for a few more moments until Dean finishes his coffee. Zanna's stomach rumbles, and Dean grins down at her. "Let's get you something to eat."
"Thanks, Sam. Can you do me a favor and stop by the house and grab the kids? We kinda had to rush out and they’re still there."
Cas and Dean take their coffees from the attendant. As they draw away, the night stills, and the TV in the stand goes to static. Cas narrows his eyes. The wind picks up, and as one, the two men look to the north, above the movie screen. They tense when the wind starts whining, and a rumble sounds through the air.
"OK, I'm getting on the first flight to Knoxville. The Novak pack will be following me, likely by car since I can imagine most of the pack won't want to be there for you. We'll figure this out, son, I swear this to you. We
When they part, Cas rests his forehead on Dean’s. “I honestly thought my shot with you, for us, had been blown this morning,” he says softly.
MWD’s each have a unique identifier (usually one letter and three numbers) tattooed on the inside of their ear. This way if there are two dogs with the same name, you can make sure you have the right records!
! Cas, things go wrong. You can't explain it, and you can't predict it! Killing yourself won't bring your mom, or dad, or brothers back! And I'm sorry, I'm so sorry because I
Dean turns to Kevin, the frosting still on his nose. Kevin bursts into laughter, and Dean’s glad the bakery has been closed for the last hour because
The next few days see Gabe and Dean left to their own devices since Cas’ family descended on him and Meg.
"Well, I know this is a small town, but that's just funny. Well, I guess I know where I need to go to meet up with you now, Mr. Winchester. Missouri and I are great friends." Dean hears rustling in the background. "Does two pm tomorrow sound good to you?"
