“Just for the record, I know you’re lying,” comes John’s flat voice after a minute. “I’ve seen your back before, and those scars weren’t there… but it’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it. I respect that.”
Sherlock has spent the day thoroughly preparing his dance lesson, not wanting to be caught unprepared. They start with the basics.
“You know I dislike this kind of social gatherings,” Mycroft says next. “But I’ll check my schedule and RSVP.”
Sherlock feels as if he has just jumped in freezing cold water. Suddenly he remembers. He remembers all of it.
The characters appearing (apart from Sherlock and John obviously) are Lestrade, Molly, Mycroft, and Irene Adler. Yes, Irene Adler because it's canon that Sherlock cares about her (he saved her, they still text etc) so I had to write her in somehow. I hope you like my idea?
Somehow, at some point along the way, Sherlock had clearly failed in this lifelong intent to remain alone. He ended up connecting with this person, so different from himself and somehow so similar.
John takes a step back after three seconds, and Sherlock releases a breath that he didn’t know he was holding. His pulse is elevated. The sudden lack of contact makes him feel cold. He finds himself wishing the hug had lasted longer.
Molly lays her hands on the slab, her shoulders hunched over, her head hanging low. “Please Sherlock, just leave.”
Now, Sherlock sips his tea in a kitchen that is not his own, thinking of all the people in his life he won’t be seeing for a while, and thus facing the ultimate truth. If he hadn’t been forced to fake his own death, he would have never done so, not in a million years, because now spending months away from London, away from everyone, away from John, sounds more like a nightmare than a holiday.
He always expected love to be a firework, something that suddenly explodes in one’s chest, so vast and loud that it takes away all the attention from everything else in life. Something that clouds one’s judgement, like whatever sentiment the Woman felt for him that ended up being her destruction. Instead, his love for John had quietly tiptoed into his life, making its way into his heart, slowly, day after day, tearing down all the barriers it found until there were none left. All of this without ruining Sherlock’s work performance. Enhancing it, maybe.
Sherlock blinks, repeatedly, almost floating, his stomach filled with butterflies. John has kissed him, for real, not on his cheek, not on his forehead, on his lips, a true kiss.
Eventually, faced with the possibility of having to endure an actual medical visit, Sherlock gives up.
And with that, his arm snakes around Sherlock’s shoulders to pull him closer. Sherlock’s lips curl into a smile as he rests his head on John’s shoulder without any kind of resistance, his senses now inebriated by John’s smell of shower cream.
Sherlock nods, giving up his purpose to understand Lestrade’s motivations and focusing on the speech.
Once she’s done speaking, she sits back as he watches her with disbelief and curiosity, breathing again, his eyes wide open, his mind trying to understand how she could possibly read him like that when he was never able to read anything of her.
The ringing of Sherlock’s phone startles them awake again some time later, and this time the morning light peeks through the window. He reaches for his phone to answer it, as John rolls away babbling something about his head bursting.
Sherlock had to focus really hard not to laugh at the look of pure terror in Mycroft’s eyes. “She wants you to pick her up… obviously.”
“You don’t seem happy to see me,” Sherlock mutters, his speech a bit slurred and his voice still thick with drugs.
He spits out the last word with despise, deeming it unworthy of his voice. A familiar ghost is lingering in his eyes now, one that Sherlock knows too well. Disappointment.
. The first time John watched it, he missed the meaning behind those first words, too shocked for them to register in his brain. Now however, they stick like glue. Then the final part,
“Just because you weren’t married to her doesn’t mean she wasn’t important to you,” John finishes, squeezing Sherlock’s hands.
One day, instead of playing a renowned classic, she plays something different. He stops, frowning, thinking that maybe it’s a minor work and he doesn’t know it, but no, this is different.
Sherlock has grown fond of John. Sherlock would suffer if something should happen to John. Their lives were now tied together.
Sherlock doesn’t believe in coincidences, never has. As Mycroft always says, “the universe is rarely so lazy.”
“Do you want some tea?” John asks at some point, a whisper in Sherlock’s ear that reminds him the comfort time is over and that they have to part. He wonders briefly if he can just pretend to be asleep, if John would keep hugging him if he believed Sherlock was asleep.
“So, where were we? If I remember correctly, I’d just bought--” Sherlock’s voice dies in his throat as his eyes meet her face. She’s pale, very much so, her eyes glistening with unshed tears.
“All right,” he begins, taking a chair from the kitchen and placing it next to Sherlock’s. “What’s the problem?”
“Good night John,” Sherlock says. He’s going to proceed in the direction of the guest room, but John stops him wrapping his arms around the detective’s waist.
“So you won’t be moving back to Baker Street?” comes Sherlock’s quivery question, bringing John back to reality.
“I don’t mind,” Sherlock promptly says, a bit surprised that John’s reaction hasn’t been more on the repulsed side. “It’s clear you had grown accustomed to having another person in your bed, and while unconscious and with a high level of alcohol in your blood you resumed your old habit. Obvious.”
Sherlock’s bright eyes quickly jump from a word to the other, reliving their latest case through the eyes of his personal blogger. And only friend.
One evening, John comes back unusually early from a date, although, as Sherlock can deduce, it did end well, with sexual intercourse, as per John’s wishes.
Sherlock’s first instinct is to close up, as he always does when someone approaches the subject, which to a more thorough thinking doesn’t happen often and hasn’t happened in a long time. Talking about such a personal topic has never been easy for him, mostly due to the fact that he doesn’t know a lot about it himself.
Not knowing what to do exactly, he just goes along in his day as if he was by himself, figuring Rosie would entertain herself if provided with toys.
Sherlock finds himself nodding, a part of him knowing everything will be fine. This is John, and everything that involves John is good, from cases to kisses. Sex will be no different, he tells himself.
Before he can’t rationalise what he’s doing, his legs are taking him inside, taking a seat at one of the free tables. The hat and scarf he’s wearing cover a good portion of his face as he looks down and scrabbles something on a piece of paper he had in his coat.
He smiles to himself. It’s something he realised while on the phone with her, while declaring his love to her. He said I love you twice. The first time, he had to utter those words to convince her to do the same. The second time, however, it hit him out of the blue that what he was saying was nothing but the truth.
Sherlock’s eyes grow wider and wider as those words register into his brain, his mouth hanging ajar with disbelief.
When he’s feeling better, the following week, Mary helps him take the short recommended walks around the hallways of the hospital.
Sherlock’s memories of her resurface gradually, week after week, he starts to remember her face first, then her voice, then the things they used to do together. Distant, faded memories become more and more vivid with the tune of their violins.
A decision has to be made eventually, and Sherlock, who has never confessed his love to anyone before because he’s never been in love before in the first place, decides to put his fate in the hands of someone who has.
After Mrs Hudson is assaulted the following week, he puts his arm around her shoulders and pulls her into his side. It’s a relief to hug people you care about after you feared for their well-being, he thinks, and it’s something he’s never thought before.
John is hugging him. John’s arms are wrapped around his waist. John’s chin is lying against his shoulder. John’s chest is pressed against his own.
He cries later, on the plane, glancing out of the window at the pieces of his heart he’s left behind.
Thankfully, with everyone else things go exactly according to the plans Sherlock made in the previous months while wandering across Eastern Europe.
Slowly, Sherlock gets up from his chair, ignoring the twinge in his stomach as he moves, and approaches his friend with tentative steps
John starts crying, his shoulders hunched over, his face covered by his own hand. Such displays of human emotion used to make Sherlock uncomfortable, so many years ago, but not anymore.
The last thing Sherlock remembers is a brief conversation with two paramedics, before dropping semi-unconscious and very much in pain on the floor of 221B.
She’s still the best player between them. Sometimes he wishes he could stop playing for a moment, and just listen to her, but he can’t. If he stops, she stops, and the contact is broken, and that’s the last thing he wants.
“What are the rules of this new relationship?” Sherlock asks, forcing himself to appear calm in spite of the situation.
“You can go have dinner,” Sherlock says instead. “We’ll be fine for a couple more hours, won’t we, Rosie?”
Much later than evening, everything has gone back to usual routine. Sherlock and John sit across each other, in their respective chairs.
Sherlock is there when the baby is born. He takes the bag with Mary’s supplies from the boot, he lets her squeeze his hand so hard that it actually hurts, all of this while John is kneeled on the road in front of the open car door, between Mary’s spread legs, trying to deliver his own daughter although he was never really trained nor prepared for this.
“Then why is she here? Now I would say this is about John Watson, but he has left her, hasn’t he? He moved back to Baker Street three weeks ago.”
John scoffs. “Yes, because she’s never hurt children before. Never killed them, never drowned them in a well.”
And as a matter of fact, John opens his arms to his sides and takes a step closer. “Can I- er, do you mind?”
“Do try to fill me in,” John remarks. They might be in a relationship now, but Sherlock Holmes is still a cock. “Why do you-why? What’s this about?”
And just like it started, the magic is over. John thanks him for the lesson and says he has to go home, Mary’s waiting for him.
However, Sherlock also came to the conclusion that what he feels doesn’t really matter. John doesn’t want to be romantically involved with him, he made that clear several times. To use John’s own words, John isn’t
Sherlock can sense she wants him to leave, but he won’t. He hurt her. He humiliated her. She’s always been a great friend, loyal and supportive, and he played with her feelings. He has to apologise, he won’t leave without letting her know the exact reasons why he acted like that.
“If we find someone to babysit Rosie, can Eurus come here?” Sherlock asks tentatively, his eyes rising to meet John’s.
Sherlock meets up with Mycroft the following morning, to discuss the new terrorist attack and play some old-fashioned board games.
Sherlock blinks. “John, there is no need for us to talk about this. You were right, it’s hardly my area of expertise.”
He remembered when John had said that to him, after the Culverton Smith accident, Sherlock remembered thinking that John’s words weren’t true. John didn’t
“These chips are not bad,” he says afterwards. “Though not as good as the ones in Marylebone Road. Best chips in London.”
The detective follows John’s gaze to a considerably large wet spot on his own left shoulder. Ironical that John’s tears have left a mark above his heart, he thinks.
Sherlock kneels down on side of the chair where his brother is sitting, his knees against the wooden floor. It’s mildly uncomfortable but this is where his instinct has taken him.
Carefully, he picks her up. He’s never really held her before, maybe a couple of times, but just for a few seconds, then someone else would intervene. She weights in his arms more than he expected.
“In case… in case you aren’t dead, in case this was all a plan, feel free to let me know, I’ll keep your secret,” he says, glancing all around him. “I won’t overreact like John did that time.”
Another minute of silence passes. The screen switches off as the computer goes on stand-by mode, leaving the room in the darkness again. John leans his head back against the header, closing his eyes.
“What did you do during those two years?” John asks as his fingertips delicately massage Sherlock’s scalp. They never talked about it. John only knows the purpose was dismantling Moriarty’s network. The only time he concretely approached the subject, the only answer he received was ‘Dull’.
John fidgets with his hands on the table, his bad leg bouncing up and down, and he takes a deep breath.
With only a quick glance to his side Sherlock can deduce that John is in distress, or sad maybe, for sure a negative emotion, and every time Sherlock himself is upset, John never fails to offer comfort if he’s around. Sherlock decides he might just do the same.
John gets Sherlock to eat regularly, at least something, whereas Sherlock would often forget, lost in his experiments or his mind palace or the latest case or anything less dull than eating.
“Though the next time I’d be grateful if you could maybe tone down the drama in your messages a bit, so I don’t mobilise half of London police force for nothing,” he adds.
“Hapax,” Sherlock reads out loud, then looks up at Mary. “Short for hapax legomenon. In linguistics, it indicates a word that is only used once in a corpus of texts.”
Usually once they’re done playing, he puts his violin back in its black case, he waves goodbye and leaves. She doesn’t do anything. She remains still, watching him through the glass, her eyes back to being cold and unresponsive.
The detective is blending bones, one sleepless night, when John slumps down the stairs and leans against the kitchen door, his eyelids still heavy with slumber.
He lets her sleep over that night, in his bed, compensating for the fact that they’re proceeding probably too slowly for her on the sexual side. She lays her head on his chest after wishing him goodnight.
“Leave it a couple of minutes, let it absorb,” John whispers as he lifts his hand off Sherlock’s abdomen, leaving the detective with a strange sensation of cold and loneliness. Opening his eyes, Sherlock watches John head for the bathroom while desperately wanting him to continue, the slimy patch on his belly exposed to the chilly air of the night. Sherlock can’t help imagining what would feel like if he could touch John too, everywhere, to make him feel as good as John did right now.
But now that Sherlock is gay and very much interested, John doesn’t know what that means. His mental paradigm doesn’t work anymore. He wonders what the intimacy they’ve shared for years actually means. Has John lead Sherlock on? Has John subconsciously wanted to lead Sherlock on? The enjoyment coming from their shared physical space, was that really just platonic? Is there more? Has there ever been?
He has no flowers, nothing, he even feels a little stupid because Mary isn’t there. The remains of her body are, but the actual Mary doesn’t exist anymore.
He waits for a second, listening to the silence in the room and trying to catch a breath, a word, anything coming from her, but nothing happens. She’s still facing the other way, her arms crossed to her chest. He gives up, accepting that he has to go.
There’s no hesitation in his question, no fear of rejection, nothing, just a bare request that John is more than happy to accept.
“Good job, Watson,” he whisper, letting her rest her head on his shoulder. She smells good. He knows it’s part of nature’s way of making babies more appealing, together with disproportionately big eyes, but she actually smells good. And now that she’s stopped crying, he even finds her irresistibly cute. It’s a sentiment he doesn’t recognise. A surge of love, he would say, that almost forces him to keep smiling at her and kiss her cheek. She laughs. He’s never heard her laugh before. He thinks it’s the most adorable sound he’s ever heard.
Sherlock for a change decides to act like John would, apologising to Molly, and even lightly kissing her cheek, the way he used to do when apologising to Mummy many, many years ago.
“What other choice do I have anyway?” Mycroft says, resigned, glancing down for a moment. Then, he sighs. “I’ll leave you to your playdate, then.”
“We almost died in there,” John says. Something very odd happened tonight, beside him risking his life. He’s seen something in Sherlock, the way he reacted, the way he behaved, there was something human there.
John’s gaze in unreadable. Sherlock has caught the reference to his own faked death, but John’s general intention is still eluding him.
Spread out in front of his eyes, the whole breadth of the river Neva. Silent, peaceful, almost entirely frozen. Grey, like the sky above the city.
Eurus has destroyed part of her house, and yet Mrs Hudson is willing to meet her, just because it’s important to Sherlock. He’ll never be grateful enough for her presence.
“I was wondering if you had a couple of hours free tonight,” Sherlock says, earning himself a puzzled glance.
“And wait, isn’t that Sherlock Holmes?” the woman asks incredulous. “I can’t believe you know him, Greg!”
“Greg,” John corrects him. He smiles, fondly this time, and Sherlock freezes on the spot when John scoots closer, considerably closer, until they almost recreate the position they spent the night in, only without any overlapping. This time it is John who rests his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, his knees grazing the detective’s outer thighs.
It’s a brand new experience, letting someone in like this, allow another human being to see him vulnerable and to provide comfort.
He visits Eurus regularly once or twice a month, mostly on Sundays. A one hour and a half helicopter ride is what takes him to fly from Central London to the small island where Sherrinford is located.
DI Lestrade did bother to reply to a mean comment. DI Lestrade defended him, took his side, and he deliberately chose to do so when he could have as well chosen otherwise.
Still, he finds himself kneeling down in front of her grave, grazing at the golden letters engraved in the stone.
He’s a bit clumsy as he rolls on his side and rests a hand on John’s shoulder, keeping the rest of his body for himself, a sense of achievement growing inside of him when John doesn’t jerk away nor glares at him.
“What about you needing time?” Sherlock asks tentatively, looking away once again. This time however his gaze falls on their joined hands. He follows John’s thumb across his knuckles, mesmerised by the tenderness and regularity of the touch.
“She’s not that person anymore. She has changed, believe me,” Sherlock says without addressing John’s remark.
“Lumbar pain,” Sherlock replies, unwilling to give away the actual reason. He moved to the sofa so that he can sit next to John, and hopes he will initiate physical contact. Obviously he can’t say any of this out loud.
“Is this what you’ve written so far?” Lestrade asks again, nodding at the screen where black sentences cover about half a page of a document.
As John tries to close the gap between their mouths, Sherlock stops him with a finger. John just accepts they aren’t going to have a normal make out session, probably ever. As if it’s normal to have a make out session at forty-four, he thinks.
“She tried to kill us, and you want to bring her here?!” John says, startled, pacing up and down the sitting room.
“I’ll have a better look in case there’s more to it,” he adds, kneeling down to smell the grass next to the abandoned trousers.
Although it is only lit by the streetlight peeking in, it’s a sight that fascinates Sherlock more than he expected.
“Rosie,” he whispers, watching as Molly places a kiss on the little girl’s head and waves goodbye to John as she leaves.
“I’m sure he misses you too,” she says rubbing his upper arm for comfort. Funny how a gesture that just an hour ago would have had him jump away in fear now warms his heart instead.
“She isn’t that person anymore, she’s changed, I know, you’ve said that already,” John hisses. “But what if she isn’t? What if this is all an act to play another sick game with us?”
When he tries to sit her down again, her face distorts in a way that threatens an immediate cry. He picks her up before she can start, accepting that he’ll probably need to carry her around all day.
“Can I get you anything, Sir?” the Woman herself asks in perfect Russian. Without looking up, he hands her the piece of paper. It reads ‘I’m not dead. Let’s have dinner’.
Sherlock shrugs. “I just wanted to let you know that other people are invited... and that Greg is one of them… In case this influences your decision.”
His heart starts hammering in his chest, faster and faster, as fear paralyses him. As it turns out, sex does alarm him, in fact.
And then, most surprisingly, he misses his brother. Never in a million years would he have imagined he would miss his brother, but then again, a part of him believes it should have been obvious. Mycroft has always been there. There was not one moment in Sherlock’s life, since his birth, that Mycroft wasn’t there.
,” Sherlock repeats, distinctly pronouncing every letter of the last word so that John’s slower brain can understand it. Sherlock doesn’t need any help, from anyone. It’s not the first time he gets injured during a case, won’t be the last either.
“So that’s why I changed my mind, because I’ve been the most horrible friend lately, and I wanted to make it up to you… starting from here,” John says. “I know it gets worse in the night, so I’m here tonight if you need to mourn your friend. Not my wife, your friend.”
Sherlock was so absorbed in his own thoughts that he didn’t hear Mycroft’s steps approach him from behind.
“I acted like an idiot, I made you say it first… for what? It’s not even true,” she continues, her voice trembling sensibly. “You had to make me say it, what’s my excuse? I humiliated myself… God, if I think about it, it’s so embarrassing…”
When the clock signs 10 pm, Molly stands up, stretching her arms. “My shift is over,” she says, immediately realising how that sounded. “Not that hanging out with you is a job, you know, but…”
“Doggy,” Rosie said next, showing Mycroft the little stuffed dog she was holding. Mrs Hudson’s gift.
“It hardly matters who she used to be. She’s only Mary Watson to me anyway, so why waste substantial storage space in my mind palace for irrelevant information?”
“Jesus, I’m really bad at this,” John says, finally looking up and meeting Sherlock’s gaze. The giggle seems to be contagious, and soon Sherlock is laughing too, softly, his low, vibrating laughter almost echoing in the room.
Never, even in his wildest dreams, could Sherlock imagine John would have kissed him eventually, would have chosen him. Because that’s what John has done, he has chosen Sherlock as his partner, in life as well as in work.
While he spoke, Rosie had started pulling Mycroft’s trousers, leaving the man no other choice than pull her up into his lap, giving her the most awkward smile Sherlock had ever seen on anyone.
“You’re not a fraud,” John says, laying his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Okay? I know you’re not. I’m ready to fight everyone who believes otherwise.”
She walks hesitantly in his direction, and he does the same. They meet halfway, falling into each other’s embrace, holding each other for a minute, his chin resting on top of her head.
“Thank you,” he says, and he means it. “And remember, this is top secret. Don’t ever tell anyone what I told you tonight.”
Sherlock takes his seat again, next to Mary, without saying a word. She speaks to the baby, kisses her, touches her tiny hands and feet, occasionally glancing at John, who glances back through the rear-view mirror as he drives. The whole car is a mess, but neither of them seems to notice or care.
It takes two seconds before John speaks. “I’ve… I’ve just watched the video again, and there is something I want to ask you, but I need you to promise me you’ll be honest… can you do that? For me? Hm?”
Alone was easier, but he can’t deny to himself that he likes having a partner. He likes having a friend.
“I don’t need time from you… I need time for me… to figure out a couple of things,” John simply replies, but it’s not nearly enough for Sherlock. The barest hint of hope has made its way into his heart. He blinks.
Molly has never given up on Sherlock either, and he can’t say he ever treated her well. He dismissed her, humiliated her, and she kept standing by his side, always reminding him that he could always count on her. Sherlock could never remember Lestrade’s name, for years, he used to insult the inspector’s lack of observation skills, and yet Greg stayed too. Mrs Hudson has prepared Sherlock’s tea every morning for the last seven years, she cleans his house and provides him with motherly affection, and Sherlock has never said thank you. But the tea is always there, hot and with just the right amount of milk, waiting for Sherlock to get up.
The nurse nods in acknowledgement, and Mary glances at him with a look that is between amusement and confusion. He just winks at her.
When the door opens, he finds two familiar green eyes and a mischievous grin staring at him. He swallows, hoping she hasn’t heard.
Whom to expect: pretty much everyone actually. Sherlock, John, Molly, Mary (both real and mind palace), some minor Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and Mycroft. And of course little Rosie!
What tortures his brain, what doesn’t give him peace, is John, the way John was ready to sacrifice himself, and then the speed, the promptness with which Sherlock made sure John was safe afterwards. The crippling fear that shook his mind and heart, that John could die. It hit Sherlock out of nowhere, the sudden, unexpected instinct to protect John, to keep him safe.
A single tear rolls down his cheek as he hopes to see her walk out from behind one of the trees, a hand over her mouth to muffle her laughter. “You should see your face right now!” she would say, and he would laugh with her.
Sherlock has already let himself care about John, with a good reason. John is good. John is brave. John is nice. John is smart. The Woman though, why would her death upset him? Sherlock isn’t used to things he can’t explain, and it bothers him quite a lot.
Sherlock glances down, knowing that John has his reason to be concerned, but also knowing in his heart that the Eurus he’s been visiting with regularity would never harm a living thing, let alone a little girl.
He doesn’t ask, and soon John goes back to the other side of the table. Sherlock’s hands feel cold now that they’re not being held anymore.
“Doggy, doggy!” Rosie repeated more enthusiastically, and once again Mycroft silently asked his brother for help.
“Well I don’t care, do something else that doesn’t require a bloody liquidiser!” John barks, now borderline angry.
“She was your wife. It’s understandable,” Sherlock says, finally figuring where this conversation is going. One more thing that John is going to blame himself for, and that’s the last thing Sherlock wants.
“Oh, you bastard!” Lestrade says, before hugging Sherlock, thus throwing him completely off guard. He definitely wasn’t expecting to be hugged by Lestrade, but after a couple of seconds of bafflement, Sherlock hugs back.
“You kissed me,” Sherlock interrupts, his hands joined in his lap, a light shade of pink colouring his cheeks with emotion.
“Does John know?” he asks afterwards. If Mary had her suspicions, she might have discussed them with John, and John must not know. His friendship is too precious, and even Sherlock knows that unwanted feelings ruin relationships.
“Let’s get to the hospital,” John says a couple of minutes later, his eyes too glistening with tears. Mary nods, still holding the baby close to her chest for warmth, wrapping a blanket around the both of them.
The only thing Sherlock can do when he meets John’s eyes is shake his head and look down. He hears John take a deep breath, as if filling his lungs would help him get rid of the anger. The frenetic pacing has stopped. Sherlock looks up again when the mattress dips downwards, discovering that John is now sitting next to him.
The recurring dreams start that same night. Every night Sherlock is faster, more clever, and Mary doesn’t get shot. Or she does, but she survives, and then they laugh about it afterwards. In dozens of different ways, every night Sherlock saves her.
They remain like that, in silence, the only sound in the room their breaths. No more tears wet Sherlock’s chest, just the regular hot puff of breath leaving John’s nose.
He stops halfway to the door, remembering there was one more thing he wanted to tell her, something that is now more relevant than ever.
“You listen to my unlikely solutions to crimes on a daily basis, I can listen to your advice for once.”
Towards the end of what is already written, he reads something he doesn’t quite like. “Why did you write that?”
As his breath gets caught is his throat, Sherlock glances at John, afraid for a second that Mary might more or less voluntarily reveal his secret, that she might end up letting John know that Sherlock is in love with him. Sherlock checks John’s face, looking for signs of confusion, or worse, of sudden awareness, but the doctor is probably too busy staring at his dead wife’s face and listening to her voice to actually pay attention to her words. It’s better this way.
A part of him wants to ask John more detailed questions, like if he’ll be still allowed physical contact. Now for example, Sherlock feels would be the right moment for a hug.
There. The bomb has been dropped. There’s no escape, Sherlock thinks, just stay still and wait for the flames to reach you.
It’s automatic. The exact second her hand touches his flaccid penis, he grabs her wrist to stop her. One more realisation sinks down on him: he can’t do this. He just can’t.
Here is chapter 3! This time I split season 3 into two different chapters, otherwise it was too long. This first chapters deals with TEH and TSoT.
John’s hand entangles in Sherlock’s hair and pulls him down to resume their kiss. They kiss, and kiss, for minutes, or hours, who knows. Sherlock revels in the caresses of John’s tongue on his own, of John taste in his mouth and all over him, torn between the thought that they should have done this seven years ago and the awareness that, if they had, Sherlock now wouldn’t have Rosie. His goddaughter? Or just daughter, perhaps, now that he is in a relationship with John?
“You do have a date tonight, though,” Sherlock repeats as she takes a sit in front of him, on John’s chair. Her belly is getting more and more evident.
Now, almost three years later, even this dance feels awkward, especially to John. Sherlock notices the way he looks down, or at his sides, an obvious attempt to ignore the other man’s vicinity, or the way he chews on his lower lip. The way he stands as far away as he can from Sherlock given the position of his arms.
Sherlock has to bite his own lip too, but it’s not out of nervousness. It is to repress a smile. Mary was right then, there was a chance, she knew, and trusting her is probably the best decision Sherlock has ever made in his whole life.
When the first match is over, they play again. And then again. Then Mary starts saying that it’s getting late, and she should go home, she has things to do, but Sherlock guilts her into staying.
The detective takes a cab to his brother’s mansion that same night, at suppertime, when he is sure Mycroft has terminated his working day. Sherlock has been there many times before, but this time feels different. When he turns the keys in the lock, he’s not ready for the sense of misery that crashes against him like a wave.
Finally, after months, maybe years of lies, John has come to terms with his feelings, with the fact that he’s in love with his best friend, a man, not that being male is, after all, Sherlock’s most remarkable feature.
Sherlock doesn’t even have the time to express his disinterest in said pictures, that John is already sitting on the bed, right next to him, opening his laptop. Accepting the fact that he is, in fact, going to look at ultrasound pictures, Sherlock sits up, scooting a bit closer to John.
If revealing his sexuality was easy, this is something else entirely. This is his heart, where he is at his most vulnerable. And mostly, this is something that could upset Mary, although somewhere in his mind Sherlock knows she’ll be okay with it. Their love for John has always brought them together, never apart.
Sherlock doesn’t have an answer to this. He feels it, that she isn’t dangerous anymore, and he believes spending some time away from Sherrinford might be good for her mental health. He even hopes that soon she’ll recover enough to be transferred to a normal detention facility, one with normal visitation hours and that is possibly reachable with a cab instead of an helicopter.
At the end of the two weeks, Sherlock still isn’t cleared to go, and much to his dismay, his hospitalisation period gets extended for another five days. Mary keeps visiting, every day, and he could never thank her enough for making his days tolerable.
After a while, it’s John who breaks the moment, pulling up and taking Sherlock’s hand in his again, as if nothing had happened.
“I do take the case though,” Sherlock adds. He hasn’t been on a regular case in a long time. This sounds like a 7, but he’s so starved he’s excited anyway. And maybe John will come too. And then maybe they’ll go home together, like they used to.
Sherlock opens one eye, and then the other, as he hears noises coming from the kitchen, which is highly unusual at this time of night. It must be past 1 am, both John and Mrs Hudson should be fast asleep.
“Well then, I suppose the socially acceptable thing to do now is to wish you good luck, brother mine,” Mycroft says. “Enjoy your… holiday.”
Sherlock leans forward on his elbows against his knees. “She wants you to play. She usually likes when people impersonate her toys.”
It’s nice, Sherlock thinks, to just be with John like this. He gazes at him, at the sweat covering his forehead, his ruffled hair, the line of his neck, his muscles hidden behind the white t-shirt.
He presses his lips against Sherlock’s mouth again. They go on for what feels like hours, tasting and teasing and exploring, hands combing hair and rubbing backs, and soon what started as a sweet tentative becomes much more heated.
He can’t see them anymore with the sheet, but the image is still imprinted in his mind. Sherlock’s back, pure ivory, engraved with too many lines of cicatrised skin, some longer, some very tiny. He suspects he hasn’t even seen all of them.
“Yes, no, I mean…” John stutters, an uncertainty that has Sherlock finally looking up. “Can I have your… er, full attention, please?”
“So… in fact, you’re saying… that you are now actually… willing to… challenge your heterosexuality?” Sherlock asks, afraid of the answer.
He hasn’t seen her in weeks, and yet she’s grown a lot. He can’t rationalise the fact that he’s apparently missed her so much.
Silence falls between them as they stare into each other’s eyes for a moment, letting the implications of their words sink down on them. Without each other, they’re lonely. It’s a fact, Sherlock thinks.
The gesture himself doesn’t quite feel as wrong as everything else, and Sherlock closes his eyes and wishes the warm body in his arms was John. John quietly humming in his sleep, John lulled by his heartbeat, John whose smell he was inhaling.
John smiles, almost embarrassedly, the motion of his thumbs on Sherlock’s hands coming to an halt. “What I mean is… it turns out it’s not that easy to… to challenge your heterosexuality when you’ve been a straight man for more than forty years.”
“The murderer is the youngest sister,” Sherlock continues. “Do you remember the pills we’ve seen in her cabinet? She’s epileptic, which explains why she couldn’t-“
The second Sherlock’s eyes meet John, he understands what this is about, and his heart sinks to his stomach. His hand trembles slightly as he closes his laptop, watching John do the same and waiting for the dreaded question.
Sherlock sighs again, louder, his eyes snapping open as he rolls on his side, facing away from John. “Why would I need to
John who kissed him passionately, John who cupped his nape, John who flattened his palms against Sherlock’s chest.
“No need to make that face, I know it’s no news,” John says, a tiny smirk appearing on his own lips.
Sherlock blinks, unable to understand the question. “I don’t understand what you want to know,” he says calmly.
A moment of silence follows, in which Sherlock could swear he sees question marks on top of Lestrade’s head. Then, the inspector just shrugs, brushing this conversation off as another strange Sherlock-related event.
With the back of his fingers, he softly brushes Sherlock’s cheek, the other one, not the one still burning with his kiss, a simple touch that takes Sherlock out of his trance and grounds him back to earth, and to this somehow intimate moment they’re sharing once again, after too long.
It’s something he keeps reminding himself every time he sees her, as the dreadful awareness of what is about to come makes him flinch.
“No. She’s just a friend,” Sherlock replies quickly, his mind immediately going back to the main topic. “Don’t tell John.”
Being held by John, or having John stroke his hair, that felt completely different. It made him feel warm inside, as if his stomach was melting. It was relaxing. It was soothing.
Sherlock thinks of John for a moment, of how he will need to pick a fight with him in some ways in order to get the show started. John will probably hate him, but one needs to do what one needs to do.
“Will you take care of them for me?” she asks, stroking Rosie’s cheek with the back of her finger. “Make them happy?”
He glances down, in case Mary was wrong, because he does not want to see John’s disgust when he hears the final reply. “Yes I do,” Sherlock whispers eventually.
Feeling they were approaching uncharted territory, Mary carefully weights her words, afraid to scare Sherlock away. “I mean… I know you’re not straight,” she says, softly, sounding as understanding as she possibly can.
Of course, dating cannot just consist of chats and expensive dinners. At the end of the first two dates, he walks Janine home and kisses her cheek, something that is supposed to make her think he’s a gentleman, at least according to his recent research on the matter.
He notes down, in his mind, that they have quite a few things in common, since the number of times silence fell between them has been stuck at two for the past hour and a half. The more the conversation goes on, the more he feels engaged by it. It’s not a crime scene. It’s not an experiment. Whatever it is, it is engaging him.
Mrs Hudson’s voice reaches his ears, making his words suddenly die in his throat. Glancing sideways, he sees her leaning on the doorway, her head tilted down, a disappointed look in her eyes. Clearly she’s been there for a while.
John’s hands are firm on his hips. “Sherlock, no. Plus there’s Rosie here, there’s no way I’m letting a serial killer anywhere near my daughter.”
Sherlock bites his own lower lip before proceeding to the next question, the one he actually wanted to ask. “Are we going to have sexual intercourse?”
Sherlock heard the noise, and immediately recognised John’s steps. He pretended to be asleep when John kissed his forehead, his lips soft and lovely. He heard that John kissed Mary too.
Perks, Sherlock thinks, the advantages of caring. As John’s hand still fondles his hair, Sherlock wonders if this is why people usually do it, if they let themselves care, exposing themselves to every kind of danger, only to enjoy the perks of it.
He just wishes he could crumble and bury his head in John’s chest, smell the scent of his jumpers that reminds him so much of spring mornings at his parent’s house.
“I thought your life was in danger,” he explains. “Making you say those words was the only way to save you…. Although it turns out you were perfectly safe… but I didn’t know that.”
When John arrives at 221B, that same evening, he’s welcomed by the sight of the furniture pushed against the walls, and Sherlock standing in the middle of a bare-looking living room, his hands joined in front of his stomach.
One year, six months, and twenty-two days without any kind of human contact that is worth of that label. He used to live like this, he thinks, alone, completely isolated from anyone, days on end spent in an empty flat with the sole company of experiments and drugs and the contents of his own mind palace. He used to thrive in this lifestyle, before John came into his life and everything changed, before John arrived and saved him from a life of misery and addiction.
They sit down next to each other on her sofa. He sits straight, his hands joined in his lap, resisting the urge to fidget, while he can see on the corner of his eye that her pose is way more welcoming. She’s facing him, one knee on the sofa, her head leaning or her hand.
Anderson’s snarky, loud remark reaches his ears too, ending his stream of thoughts. Sherlock doesn’t even bother to reply.
Now everything is suddenly up for discussion again, and everything is a mess, and John definitely needs time.
Sherlock couldn’t quite understand it at first, so he treated it all like an experiment, on both himself and John. On himself, to see and catalogue what elicits which reactions, and on John, to study his behaviour and try to understand which factors influence it the most.
John makes tea for Sherlock too when he makes it for himself. John chats. John gets takeaway dinner.
“By the way, what was…” John says suddenly, his hand suspended in mid-air above the door knob, “what was Mary talking about, when she told you to go for it? Go for what? What was she referring to?”
That person is Mary. She was married to John. She has confessed her love to John. She was also Sherlock’s friend, and she told him she wanted him and John to be together if she were ever to be out of the picture. And then, in her video, she urged Sherlock to trust her and go for it. He wonders if it was all made on purpose, those sentences in her video, so that John would understand and initiate the discussion, because Mary knew Sherlock would have taken ages to do so himself.
She leaves without saying a word. She’s back a few minutes later with his tea, and an address scribbled behind the receipt. A time as well, 7 pm.
He holds her, like he did that night, he holds her whispering to her ear that everything is okay, that he’s there for her.
“Romania, but it’s no concern. From there however I’ll be travelling to Serbia… the biggest cell is hidden somewhere on the border with Montenegro.”
Lestrade spends a couple of hours at 221B, letting Sherlock bounce ideas off him, picking the anecdotes he wants to tell. Then, he helps Sherlock writing a couple of actual paragraphs, although, as he keeps repeating, “John chose you as his best man because he wants to hear your own words.”
“I’m sorry, I’m afraid only family is allowed to stay beyond visitation times… are you family?” she asks Mary.
John does, following Sherlock’s instructions on how to place his hands and feet, he dips the taller man down until, once again, they’re face to face. Or better, face to neck.
They’ve almost reached Lestrade’s car when they bump into a woman, same age as Lestrade, probably an old friend of his. As the two briefly exchange small talk, Sherlock rolls his eyes. Nothing duller than acquaintances.
They remain like that for some time, could be a few minutes, could be an eternity, Sherlock doesn’t know. He just knows he’s calmed down, after a while, his heart rate has slowed down and his limbs are weak. The world has gone still in the night, Mrs Hudson has gone to bed. Nothing exists but himself and John, and their warm embrace, and John’s hand in his hair.
Once the bath is over and Janine has gone to work, Sherlock finds his drugs again. They always help. It’s a vicious cycle he can’t break.
They do get up eventually. When Lestrade asks what took so long, John blames it all on his hangover.
When Sherlock looks down, guilty, instead of answering, John knows he’s said the right thing. He can’t help giggling.
“I have frequent insomnia episodes, whilst your sleeping habits tend to be fairly regular,” Sherlock points out.
It’s finally his penultimate day at the hospital, and they’re playing Monopoly on his lunch tray, when Mycroft comes in unannounced.
She steps inside the tub, stark naked, sits in his lap straddling his hips, starts kissing him. Her breasts press against his chest. Sherlock’s never been a man of modesty, he’s never been ashamed of his naked body. But this particular situation is more uncomfortable than he thought, makes him feel exposed, not in a good way. He has to repress the instinct to cover himself up with his hands.
John’s giggle vibrates in his chest against Sherlock’s ear. “I’m just trying to be a decent human being for a change.”
The second he finished the sentence and Mary looks up at him again, he realises he has said too much. To an average ear it would be no problem, but she’s clever, she can read between the lines.
What is even weirder, the thing Sherlock really can’t explain, is that he likes Mary too. He never liked any of John’s previous girlfriends, he would find them insignificant and definitely not worthy of John’s attentions. Conforming to that pattern, and adding the fact that she is the very reason John doesn’t live in Baker Street anymore, Sherlock was supposed to dislike Mary too. Textbook aversion, really.
Sherlock read between the lines, and since then has made sure to regularly ask Mycroft to babysit. And slowly the Ice Man, the brilliant Mycroft Holmes, grew fond of Rosie Watson.
It doesn’t take long, really, he just has to put all the factors together and combine it with thorough research.
Sherlock blinks, his heart wrenching at the guilt in Mycroft’s word and filling with a sense of achievement at the same time. This is it, this is the core of the problem, Sherlock thinks. This is why he came here. They’re getting there.
When they hear John’s steps climb the stairs, everyone stands up, exchanging excited looks, and Sherlock lifts Rosie up. His heart races in anticipation. He quickly figures half of the enthusiasm comes from the fact that this moment is shared, and the whole room seems filled with joy.
He stands up from his chair, wondering exactly how long he’s been sitting there with his hands joined under his chin. Glancing at the time on his phone, the answer becomes evident – it’s almost 3 am. He’s been lost in his mind for more than six hours. He immediately texts Lestrade to let him know the case has been solved, although he doesn’t expect an answer until morning.
“Fine. Do as you please,” are Mycroft’s final words as he settle himself so that he’s as far away from Sherlock as possible, though still trapped in his arms.
His own lips form a ‘o’ shape, voicing a faint “Oh.” He understands. She was not actually deducing him, she was talking about herself, and it matches. His feelings are understood by another person in the world, the one that is in this very same room.
She winks at this point, and Sherlock feels his own heart swell in his chest while an uncontrolled smile appears on his face. He misses her so much.
“About my own idiocy… we’ve been, er, quite intimate, with each other, for-for a while, and… well, apparently it was much easier to brush it off with a lame excuse rather than consider… er, consider that… that I should reconsider my… preferences,” John stutters.
Sherlock both hates and loves the fact that the Mary his mind is making up is so similar to the real one.
Molly takes her gloves off, placing it momentarily on the table next to the corpse. “I said we’re fine, you can leave. I don’t want to talk about this.”
Sherlock is abruptly brought back to reality and away from the fantasy of his lips brushing softly against John’s lower lip. “Yes… yes obviously.”
“I’m counting on it.” And he truly does. He will keep her personalised ringtone, so that every time he hears it he will have the confirmation that she’s doing fine.
“What about it?” Sherlock asks, his voice flat and even, his nails digging so hard in his own palms that it hurts.
He has no idea how she concretely managed to record DVDs and have them sent out post-mortem, but he doesn’t really care. He’ll cherish both of them as his most precious belongings.
“I would have never done that if I hadn’t believed I had a valid reason,” Sherlock continues, ignoring her words. She needs to understand he wouldn’t hurt her like that without a good reason, he’s not that man anymore.
He doesn’t expect her to reply, she never does. She usually nods to acknowledge his words, or smiles at most. This time instead he’s shocked to hear her feeble voice pronounce one distinct word.
After that, gradually, step after step, they drift closer, both mentally and physically. John seems more relaxed, the clasp on Sherlock’s shoulder blade less harsh and more resembling the gentle touch it’s supposed to be.
Those last words suddenly remind Sherlock that John is in fact going to spend the night, and all his previous questions resurface in his mind.
“First, I can dance, I just need to be careful and not overdo. Second, I’m not up to date either but come on, you must know some songs! Some 80s classics? What did you listen to when you were a kid?”
“Sorry, I’ve never… you know, I’m more used to…” John stutters, giving up when he realises Sherlock is not following, and the topic doesn’t really matter anyway. “Never mind.”
He fumbles around in Molly’s kitchen, more as an attempt to hide the residual tears still lingering in his eyes than anything else. Mycroft follows him, completely ignoring his offer.
Hours later, when an uncountable quantity of drugs is flowing in his system, he finally sees Mary, sitting on the sofa.
“I wrote a similar one a few of months ago. It enlists the 34 types of soil particles that can be found on the floor of a tube carriage after morning peak time. Have you read it?”
He wriggles his toes and fingers, almost to check if they’re still there, while he keeps blinking to let his eyes adjust to the light.
As it turns out, the Baker Street boys will engage in various activities in their scruffy flat. Not just arguing.
“It’s nothing personal, Sherlock,” he explained. “I’m as interested in her as I am in any other human being… so not at all, to clarify.”
John checks it out briefly. He hasn’t seen it since the last time he had to help Sherlock change his bandages.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says as Lestrade puts on his coat. “And I apologise for inconveniencing you earlier.”
, to open up his heart to John and reveal him his deepest secret, but that time is not now. Not even soon, probably.
Sherlock’s eyes open wide as he nods. He’s always wanted to see that scar up close, but never had the occasion to, and never dared ask.
“Drink this,” he says, pouring a glass of water and dripping a few drops of an unknown medicine in there.
Mycroft twists his cigarettes in the ashtray to put it out. “I don’t. I’d much rather be left alone, in fact.”
Behind the windows of yet another food chain, Le Pain Quotidien, he catches the sight of a familiar yet unexpected face. The Woman herself is serving at the tables.
But here, and now, his mind is too clouded with love and the only thing he manages to do is nod. “I won’t.”
Sherlock blinks, silently asking John for further elaboration. John closes the distance between them and takes Sherlock’s hands in his, looking at him as if Sherlock was the kindest human being on hearth. That’s not that far from the truth, John thinks.
“I lost you once, Sherlock, I thought I’d lost you, for two whole years, and then you came back,” John begins, taking Sherlock’s hand in his. “And now in these last seven days I almost bloody lost you twice, again.”
Before Sherlock can stop himself, he nods. There’s no point in lying, really. Irene understands, she’s living it herself.
“No, he’s… he’s my brother, my husband is parking the car, he should be here at any moment,” Mary replies, looking up at Sherlock from the gurney where she’s lying. She takes his hand, winking, and he smiles for the first time that evening at a simple definition that seems to be recurring between them.
John rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, their hands firmly entwined together, as Mary tells John how much she loved him and how much he saved her and changed her and how happy she was to be Mary Watson. Then she talks to Rosie for a couple of minutes. “A message for your twelfth birthday, sweetheart,” she says, her words filled with love and her eyes with the sadness of a person who suspects she will never see her daughter grow up.
Sherlock’s heart is torn apart a bit more every time John sobs in his arms. Sherlock moves his hesitant hand upwards, from John’s nape to John’s hair, because that’s what works best in soothing himself. However, John pulls away abruptly before Sherlock has the chance to complete the action.
“Well, then, congratulations, uncle,” the nurse says. Yes, uncle, Sherlock thinks. That’s all he’s going to be from now on.
“No, never, not by herself,” Molly answer, excitement bubbling over in her voice. She kneels up taking Rosie’s hands and encouraging her to try again.
“I don’t know the title or the artist, but I do remember the lyrics, though I was sure I had deleted them.”
Everything is blurred around him, different shades of white, so bright he can barely keep his eyes open.
“See Eurus? This is our family, do you remember?” he asks softly. “This is you,” he adds, tapping with his forefinger the happy little girl on the picture. “This is me.” He snickers because he has his pirate hat on. “This is Mycroft.” He snickers some more at the face of his young big brother who definitely looks like he wasn’t amused by whatever they were doing. “This is Mummy, and this is Dad… do you recognise them? They came here to see you last month.”
Two are the variables he modified since the previous experiment: time and person. Since the probability of time having changed his hormonal reaction is minimal, he settles for the second option.
“Okay?” John asks softly, taking Sherlock’s now relaxed hands in his own. “Nothing is going to change between us. We’re still friends… we’ll always be. Mh? Okay?”
Sherlock takes a taxi to John’s house, one last chance to spare himself the troubles of hell, one last chance to see John and talk to him. He only finds Molly instead, and Rosie, beautiful little Rosie who will never really get to know her amazing mother because of Sherlock. Molly blames him too, he can read it in her face, and if Molly blames him then there’s no doubt. Sherlock killed Mary.
“You do voices though,” Sherlock said with a knowing smile. The memories are confused and a bit faded, but he remembers Mycroft doing voices for him and Eurus when they were children.
Sherlock still wonders, from time to time, what’s the value that Mary’s death has conferred to his life, how to spend that currency.
That night, John found out it was quite the opposite. Sherlock was silent, and still, and he made himself smaller, curling up in a foetal position with his knees pressed to his chest.
Just weeks ago, he used to be ‘Lo’ and John used to be ‘Da’. Now they’re Lock and Daddy, though Sherlock sometimes reverts to Lo when she’s tired. The only name Rosie has mastered is Molly, while Greg sounds somewhat similar to egg.
“Now you, Sherlock,” Mary says afterwards. “You’ve been a great friend and we’ve had so much fun together, so I’m going to give you another case… a mission, actually… Well, two. First, it’s now your job to keep Rosie safe and John in trouble, for me, will you do it?”
As soon as Eurus sees him approaching with no glass barrier between them, she closes the distance between them and falls into his arms.
As John gets up from his chair to switch sides on the table, Sherlock replays the conversation over and over again in his head, thinking of all the moments in which he could have taken everything back and didn’t. Just because John is still moving back doesn’t mean things will ever be the same between them.
Instead, he likes her, truly. She’s unequivocally clever, and frankly a pleasure to be around. She jokes with him. She laughs with him, not at him.
Sherlock mutters some affirmative reply as he rushes outside, wondering in the back of his mind what kind of question that was. He’s well aware of the outside temperature, easily deductible by the current month, the time of the day, and mainly the condensation resting at the bottom of his windows. Plus he never leaves without his scarf.
Something snaps in John’s mind as he realises how badly he’s been handling this situation. Sherlock, his best friend who has probably zero experience with relationships, has just come out to him, and all John could do was to think about his own sexuality. Not an actual word of comfort. And he even said he needs time - John’s heart wrenches in his chest at the idea that Sherlock might have interpreted that as ‘I need time to accept you’.
Sherlock blinks in surprise. John told him his next ‘shift’ would be the following day, from 6 to 10. “John? Wasn’t Mrs Hudson supposed to spend the night?”
That’s all she says, her somewhat harsh tone giving away her true feelings beneath the apparent calm.
Sherlock absent-mindedly shakes the woman’s hand, while his brain keeps repeating the first part of the sentence over and over again. He had no idea Lestrade considered him to be his friend.
As the days go by, something changes in Sherlock’s relationship with John, in a way so subtle that Sherlock wouldn’t even notice if he wasn’t Sherlock. The occasions in which they touch become more frequent than before, although they remain sporadic and limited to definite moments.
Sherlock caught the hint of smile that appeared on his brother’s lips the second Rosie started laughing.
On to the next chapter! This one covers all of series 2, starting from A Scandal in Belgravia to after Reichenbach Fall.
He’s never tried before. This is the first attempt at providing John with comfort. It must be impeccable, otherwise John will reject any further attempt.
“Mmh… Mary…” John mutters suddenly, tightening his wrap around Sherlock, whose eyes open wide at the words. There’s more, then, than alcohol and cold.
Sherlock leans on his elbows on the desk. “Even murderers are regularly granted visitation rights with their families.”
Mary alternates between wailing and screaming at John how much she hates him, while John remains calm and reminds her to breathe and push. Sherlock observes as the baby’s head, and then the shoulders, come out of her vagina. He’d never witnessed childbirth before, let alone from this angulation, and he finds it rather disgusting, albeit fascinating.
He’s still looking around in search for new clues when her hands touch his shoulders. He instinctively flinches, before realising she was only taking his coat.
The detective is so busy looking at his computer that he doesn’t even notice that John has approached him.
“I see… I’m glad she’s found someone,” Sherlock says. Although they weren’t in a real relationship, Janine wasn’t a bad girlfriend. She was always nice, though a bit clingy at times, but he learned a lot from the month he spent dating her. One thing above all, that he would actually consider a relationship, with the right person. Well, with John.
Sherlock is a little out of breath, his hands are firm on his hips but a beam is lighting up his face. “It used to be Mycroft’s favourite song.”
“So it is true then? That I…” she stops and look down, unable to pronounce the missing words. “That I, actually… that I… killed you?”
The memory makes Sherlock’s eyes tear up once more, as if he was living it all over again. He remembers his first meeting with John, how he thought he wouldn’t matter, he wouldn’t change a thing.
Sherlock mutters something else, downplaying his actions, but John isn’t listening anymore. He gulps down all of his remaining tea in one sip, putting the cup back in its saucer with a clink. Suddenly everything is clear, so obvious that John feels his heart might explode in his chest if he waits one more second.
“Ointment. I noticed you’re in pain, earlier today, so I bought this… it should help,” John replies, sitting on the edge of the bed. “Show me where it hurts,” he instructs carefully.
When John is back, a minute later, his hands are washed, and Mary has disappeared. “If you need me I’ll be on my chair. Hopefully awake,” he says.
A mission that was supposed to last six to eight months has so far had the duration of one year, six months, and twenty-two days, and it’s not nearly over yet.
He never thought about it, usually he focuses on memories rather than imagining what is happening next. Now that he’s prompted, however, he tries to make up possible scenarios. Jumping out of a cake, he jokes. Showing up as a patient at the clinic where John works. Or maybe just sit in his chair while John’s out and watch his face when he realises Sherlock’s not dead.
John knew Sherlock and Mary were friends, but he had no idea they were this close, so much that Sherlock trusted her enough to reveal his feelings. It makes John feel a bit better, though, to know that said feelings weren’t so blatant to be caught by a third eye. It means he can stop wondering how he managed to miss them. They actually were well hidden.
John doesn’t ask any further questions that evening, but his mind spins and spins, reliving the last seven years of his life in the light of tonight’s revelation. A lot of things take a different meaning. That’s why the drugs while John was on his honeymoon. That’s why Sherlock left the wedding early. And the thing he said on the tarmac, ‘Sherlock is actually a girl’s name’, John understands now what Sherlock had meant to say instead.
There’s just shame now, and embarrassment, and things will be awkward, assumed John doesn’t leave immediately. Sherlock wishes he could go back five minutes, and deny John’s assumption, and everything would be fine. He has lived forty years without being in love, or in a real relationship, he could have gone without for the next forty as well.
Flattering and alarming at the same time. Sherlock wants to make John feel good, he wants to feel the texture of John’s skin under his fingertips on every inch of his body. There’s no doubt on Sherlock’s willingness to pleasure John. The mere idea of John writhing and moaning in Sherlock’s arms, because of Sherlock’s ministrations, makes the detective’s cock harden further.
“It’s probably the first time I hear those words coming from your mouth,” John laughs. “Anyway, I asked because you forgave her. You’re her friend. I want to know, have you read it?”
In a swift movement, he jumps up from his chair and leans over towards Sherlock, leaning both hands on the armrests. Sherlock is still speaking when John silences him by pressing his lips against the detective’s plump ones.
About Mary: I personally love her, seriously, I don't think she's evil,  plus canonically she isn't, not really, and I also love her friendship with Sherlock, so you will read a lot of that in this chapter. Half is John and half is Mary, with a cameo from Mycroft and Janine, and a mention of Molly. If you dislike Mary you can obviously skip her parts, although some bits will come in handy in the next chapters.
Sherlock’s heartbeat accelerates considerably, as he starts wondering what he’s supposed to do, whether he should wake up John, or get up himself. Or just lie there and enjoy the moment, and pretend it was done on purpose, not as the result of too much alcohol and a low temperature in the room.
The only moment they touched is John’s hands on Sherlock’s neck, twice, not nearly definable as affectionate, and John’s head against Sherlock’s nose, again, not pleasant at all.
He hugs her back, holding tight, a bit troubled by the emotion that is quickly taking over his mind and forming a lump in his throat.
A shy smile appears on Sherlock’s face. “I reckon you should decide whether or not you want to read the contents of the memory stick.”
Loneliness is all Sherlock feels staring at the backlit silhouette of his brother, while finally finding the answer to a question he’s been asking himself for years now.
He remembers wondering about this once before. He remembers thinking that what he felt for Sherlock was stronger than his feelings for any other person, ever. But then Sherlock faked his death, and was away for two years, and John met Mary, which reconfirmed his heterosexuality.
A new light has appeared in John’s eyes as he finds himself staring into Sherlock’s eyes. It’s strangely intimate to hold him like this, and just as pleasant, so much that John can barely feel Sherlock’s weight in his arms. John is reminded of another time that feels a bit like another life, before Mary, when it was just him and Sherlock against the world. Sherlock doesn’t seems to have changed a bit, except for some more wrinkles around his eyes and on his forehead. But his distinctive smell of expensive shampoo, that hasn’t changed, and neither has John’s surge of affection towards him.
Soon enough, Sherlock finds himself craving more, more attentions, more intimate moments, more John in general, and realises he absolutely has no idea how to ask. He only takes what John is willing to give. When John is in the mood, he initiates contact, so it is fairly logical to assume that if John does not initiate contact, it must mean that John is not in the mood.
He can’t even fathom his life without her, and he’s already dreading the moment John will move out taking Rosie with him. It will happen, sooner or later, because of logistics if not because of John meeting another woman. Still, Sherlock sometimes lets himself indulge in dreaming a life where he and John are together, and he himself is the second parent that Rosie deserves.
“One last thing… I just wanted to thank you, for the trust you put in me,” Mary says, as he looks up and finds her unexpectedly standing in front of him. “I imagine you don’t talk about this a lot, and-“
Sherlock frowns at those words. Babysitting children, even his own goddaughter, is far from being his favourite hobby, he finds it tedious in fact, but it upsets him anyway that he isn’t John’s first choice.
“Just so you know, I didn’t mean that,” he whispers, a lump in his throat making his voice quivery. “I always mean what I say because that’s the point of speaking, but that time I didn’t mean it… when I said you should have taken a bullet for me so that we could be even… You didn’t have to, we were friends anyway.”
John must have been feeling his eyes on him, because he’s looking at Sherlock now, the edge of his lips crooked up in a smile.
A couple of minutes later, while Sherlock hasn’t moved a millimetre, John comes back and switches on the light on the nightstand to plug in his phone.
The detailed knowledge he acquired makes him feel calmer the following time he properly kisses Janine, though the instinctive repulsion still lingers there. He wills it away, reminding himself the reason why he’s doing this, for work, his favourite thing in the world, work.
Now, Sherlock has spent one year, six months, and twenty-two days away from home, and some days he feels so lonely that he wonders if he’s dead for real. He might as well be. In days like these, he doubts it would really matter if he actually died.
Eurus never speaks, but Sherlock wasn’t expecting her to. However, she does smile, from time to time, like when Mrs Hudson offers her the first cup of tea, or when everyone compliments her after she plays a duet with Sherlock on their violins.
He looks up at the sky. The clouds are thin and a ray of sun cuts the chilly autumn air. He stands up.
“I’m sorry… please forgive me,” John whispers at last, closing his eyes, Sherlock’s forehead resting against his own.
His voice was more high-pitched than usual, and Sherlock has obviously caught that. It’s not fine, he thinks. Mary was wrong. He’s ruined everything.
But he can’t just yet. He needs to focus. He needs to think of the camera phone, of how to hack it, he can’t allow any distraction. He needs his violin.
“I assume it went well,” Sherlock says from his chair when John enters the room, the telly on in the background.
She raises on her toes and kisses his lips, softly, quickly, more a friendly gesture than a sexual one.
“Yes, an actual heterosexual man, can you believe it?” Mary jokes, winking at Sherlock and unexpectedly making him flinch, his face going pale in a matter of seconds.
“John, there’s something… I should say, I’ve meant to say always and I never have… Since it’s unlikely we’ll ever meet again, I might as well say it now.”
The only thing John knows is that he would do everything to avoid losing his best friend. His own doubts will have to wait.
He himself has been trying to fall asleep for a while now, miserably failing due to the unusually hot temperature, about 6 degrees above seasonal average, he estimated. Opening the bedroom door to aid ventilation didn’t help either.
No matter how hard he tries to forget it, Sherlock quickly finds out that affection is a tough enemy, one that sticks along for a long time.
“It is the truth. Plus I was… completely out of my mind,” the detective continues, his eyes studying his own shoes as if they were the most interesting thing in the room. The next words that come out of his mouth are barely a whisper, a part of him wishing John wouldn’t hear them. “I deserved it.”
John scoots a little closer as he lays on his side, his head propped up on his elbow. He doesn’t even turn on the light, he doesn’t need to, he just lets his gaze travel along Sherlock’s back, following the line of his spine, counting the scars he can spot without a real purpose. He makes some deductions of his own, given by years of expertise in the medical field. He can tell the scars have healed properly, and that their position and angulation implies they were not self-inflicted. Sherlock was victim of violence.
If the pleasure of a frivolous chat was unknown but fairly understandable, this is something else entirely. Is it just human nature, not to want another individual to decease, he wonders, or is it concern. Does John care about him, Sherlock asks himself for a second, and the answer is evident. John’s choice of words. The tone of his voice.
The first sensation of utter surprise is replaced by a feeling of calm, deep relaxation. His body’s producing endorphins again, he thinks, right before his eyes close on their own accord.
A tear streams down Sherlock’s cheek too, from his wounded eye, and he nods unperceptively. As if there could ever be an universe in which he does not forgive John Watson, in which he doesn’t provide John Watson with what he needs. Today, John desperately needs forgiveness, first from his dead wife, now from his best friend.
Sherlock’s stomach twitches in his belly as he pronounces the only safe answer he can come up with in a matter of seconds. “I don’t know, actually. Probably something related to the other DVD, I reckon. Or maybe there’s a third one that was supposed to be delivered before this one.”
John’s breath is warm against his chin, and the desire to kiss him is so overwhelming that Sherlock can’t even fathom it. He presses his lips tightly together to resist.
Thirty years later, John is again sharing his bed with his best friend and talking about girls, sort of. It warms his heart to watch Sherlock’s puzzled eyes and knowing Sherlock is completely new to all this.
. Although Sherlock dislikes labels, he recognises he himself probably is what is commonly referred to as a gay man, but that doesn’t mean he’s sure he wants to be romantically involved at all. He would never risk ruining his friendship with John for something he’s fairly sure he doesn’t want. And even if he did want it, he believes he couldn’t handle it properly. He doesn’t even like actually kissing people.
Sherlock mumbles something, still half asleep while he finally rolls on his side, and John is free to reach his daughter.
He always brings his violin along, because Eurus doesn’t speak anymore, and the only way they can communicate is through music. So they do, they play in unison, Bach or Mozart or Vivaldi or whatever they are feeling, and they keep playing until their arms are cramping.
The lump in Sherlock’s throat is so tight that he can’t speak. He just nods, still unable to look up, remembering how different he felt when he came out to Mary. That instance was liberating. She was nice, and friendly, and they laughed and joked afterwards.
A light chuckle reaches his ears as John smiles warmly at him, the light of the screen reflecting on the sweat that covers his forehead.
She raises on both her knees to tower him, and his eyes follow her, trying to guess her next move. And failing.
The slightest flinch of Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder makes John finally remove his hand from his eyes to glance at his friend, realising his words didn’t sound nice at all. Sherlock is just trying to help.
They’re married now. And they’re having a baby. If he had one last hope that marriage wouldn’t change things, offspring will for sure.
“I am willing to bring some changes into my life in order to have you and Rosie live there again,” he states eventually.
She’s cut off by his long arms suddenly wrapping around her waist, and his face resting on her growing belly.
Sherlock stops himself there, wondering how it is possible to see a grown woman’s lips in a minutes-old baby. He knows it is something people say to new parents, that their infant child looks like them although it’s obvious that babies all look alike during the first weeks, but he swears he can see something of Mary in this new born baby. Without realising it, Sherlock strokes with a finger the baby’s arm, as to make sure she actually exists and he’s actually seen her come into the world, and is somehow amazed that his fingertip is basically as big as the palm of her hand.
“I have read your medical file,” Mycroft continues, maintaining eye contact. “It says your heart stopped beating at 20:29. They immediately started CPR, and continued for five minutes, before declaring you dead at 20:34. You came back on your own two minutes later, a miracle, one would say. Weren’t you told any of this?”
“You’re the best friend anyone could ask for,” John continues, sniffling, his thumbs stroking Sherlock’s cheekbones. “You’re smart… and brave… and you have such a big heart… and I love you, and I’m so lucky to have you, so lucky…”
Even when she falls asleep after he’s fed her, he still doesn’t leave her alone. He lays her down in the reclining seat her parents left and keeps it on his legs.
An effective way to establish a contact, and now that this part is successfully concluded, he knows there is a next step to be taken.
“Greg will be there too… Greg Lestrade,” Sherlock says, hiding his own smile behind his joined hands when Mycroft’s head snaps up, his eyes wide and even more confused.
Hearing complete silence, John starts to believe his words were effective, for a change. He’s already dozing off again when the duvet gets lifted and a wave of cold air hits him, before being replaced by a warm body.
He downplays it all, changes topic, still high from the drugs he took that night, but much later that day he texts her, just three words, no signature.
Sherlock does. He joins John on his chair, sitting half on his lap and half in the tight gap between John’s hip and the chair itself, their arms tangled around each other. It’s vaguely awkward, but neither of them seems to care.
“Come on, tell me how you did it, how you solved the case. You were dying to last night,” John adds. “Greg can wait five more minutes.”
He’s taking his usual bath, the morning after, when Janine opens the door with a teasing smile on her lips. Sherlock forces himself to play his ‘flirty heterosexual boyfriend’ part while she undresses in front of him, occasionally winking and licking her lips, while his mind keeps screaming that this is so very wrong, that he doesn’t want this, he’s not even remotely attracted to her.
Lestrade is talking as he drives, something about a colleague, Sherlock realises as he comes back into the real world, but he decides to interrupt anyway. “You and I are friends,” he states matter-of-factly.
Sherlock closes his eyes, just for a moment, remembering all those times in which he found himself wishing that John had never met Mary, that John still lived in Baker Street. It’s a thought he regrets, now more than ever, because it would mean Sherlock wouldn’t have met Mary either, and it doesn’t sound much of an appealing scenario.
“I hope he doesn’t inherit your poor deduction skills, though. No offence but Mary’s are preferable,” he says.
John is sitting on the chair next to him, his arms crossed to his chest, his lips pressed together completing the annoyed vibe he clearly emanates.
The sobs are over, John’s tears are silent now as he takes one big step towards Sherlock. “Look at me,” he orders, and Sherlock does, meeting again John’s green, red-rimmed eyes.
“It was Lestrade, about the case. He requested our presence in person as soon as possible,” Sherlock says after hanging up, glancing at John who is still rubbing his forehead.
“I’m sorry, that wasn’t very nice, was it,” John whispers. He rolls on his side, facing Sherlock, who immediately retreats his hand to himself. They’re both on their sides now, face to face, mirroring each other in their position. It reminds John of a much easier time in his life, when he was a child and would have his best friend sleeping over, and this was the perfect position for more intimate talk, usually concerning girls.
These last words leave Sherlock speechless and staring into his brother eyes, almost daring him to speak a truth that so far has been left unspoken.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock chokes out, his shoulders hunching over a bit more every second. He knows he will have to look up at some point, see the disappointment and rejection in John’s eyes, but he isn’t ready yet.
“You want to achieve sleep and you believe this room offers a more ideal condition to do so, whereas your own room doesn’t. Therefore it is only logical that you consider spending the night here.”
“What a waste of time,” he complains out loud, walking fast. “I can’t believe no one in your team noticed the hair was fake. Do you even have eyes?”
They arrive in Bethnal Green, where clothes and traces of blood have been found, but without a corpse in sight. Sherlock examines the surrounding, and it takes him approximately two minutes to make the proper deduction.
“It’s hardly the first time you lack knowledge on a subject,” Sherlock says eventually, earning himself the faintest giggle from John.
He takes the lift and walks to her flat, hesitantly ringing the bell, his heart racing in his chest.
“It was the last destination during the two years I’ve been away… Serbia… I was captured and tortured for two days, until my brother rescued me,” Sherlock whispers as if he’d read John’s thoughts. John’s eyes travel upwards to meet his. The detective’s curly head is sunk in the pillow and partially hidden by his own hair, but his bright eyes sparkle in the dim light.
“We used to do this all the time when we were younger,” Sherlock says, a bit amused at the sight of his upset brother.
“We’ll do this again, I promise,” Sherlock says, before pressing a kiss on her forehead. It’s a promise he intends to keep.
He wonders if this is what normal people do in their spare time, if they chat and giggle with other normal people. Dull, he thinks. But not quite as dull as he thought. Not with this particular man sitting in front of him.
That night, John has conducted a little experiment himself. The placebo effect can fool geniuses too.
“Mary, it doesn’t matter,” he states firmly and softly at the same time, afraid that a wrong word could make her leave.
Mrs Hudson is Nana. No one really knows how that happened, because no one ever referred to her as Nana, but after a day spent at John’s parents’, Rosie came home and started calling Mrs Hudson ‘Nana’. John never corrected her.
Sherlock stands there, on the side of the road, and watches the couple as they share their first kiss as parents, sweet and full of love, before kissing their daughter’s head, cooing adoring words.
DI Lestrade likes him, it’s obvious, or he wouldn’t consult him on a regular basis, and now another obvious fact is that he cares too. Just like John.
It’s clear that John remembers it too when he immediately sits next to Sherlock, cradling him in his arms. And Sherlock cries, all the tears he hasn’t cried so far, he lets them all out, on John’s shoulder, his arms tucked against John’s chest. He weeps, unable to stop, his body shaken by sobs and sighs and he can’t remember the last time he cried like this, for Redbeard perhaps.
He tried to shut it out, tried pretending it didn’t exist, but the feeling was right there, the need for John, to talk to John, to share his life with John. Sherlock can’t even begin to imagine now what going on a case without John would feel like, but he believes it wouldn’t be quite as much fun. He realised it the moment he heard his own voice utter the words ‘I don’t have friends’. No matter how shocked he was in that moment, he knew immediately that those words did not correspond to the truth of facts.
Sherlock thanks her through his eyes without saying a word for living up to his expectations, and wonders if it’s always so easy and liberating to come out to people.
“I know,” he whispers, squeezing her hand. “I know you didn’t want to kill me, and that’s all it matters.”
The next morning, Mrs Hudson arrived with Rosie and the four of them had breakfast together, telling their landlady the events of the night, only interrupted by her frequent “oh dear”. Then, that afternoon, Sherlock had coffee with Molly and had a nice chat with her about bowels and dead tissues.
Staring out the window, Sherlock ponders on the events that happened just a short time before, in a darkened pool. He met his enemy, Moriarty, and they were all going to blow up if someone hadn’t called. But that isn’t what concerns Sherlock’s mind. He is used to risking his life on a daily basis.
When the baby is out completely, John promptly grabs a towel from the bag and cleans the baby’s nose and mouth, until a loud cry fills the air.  John laughs, steaming off all the tension he’s been building, letting himself be swept away by the pure joy of the moment. Tears are spilling from Mary’s eyes, but it’s not just pain anymore. She unbuttons the top buttons of her dress, and holds her crying baby close to the bare skin of her chest.
Sherlock watches some telly with Molly after the cake, he sitting in his chair, she in John’s. They’re silent, the only sound in the room is the ones from the television.
Sherlock is staring at him, trying to understand why Lestrade chose to come back after having expressed clear signs of irritation.
That night Sherlock hopes John is going to invite him into his bed again, since he dislikes sleeping alone.
“What is this? What are you doing?!” Mycroft complains, trying to free himself from the long arms that are wrapped around him.
A door in Sherlock’s mind palace bursts open. A beat, some words. Gradually, full lyrics. Of multiple songs. He remembers winter afternoons spent dancing around the house on the melody coming from Mycroft’s bedroom, when they were kids, before they grew apart. It even happened, once or twice, that Mycroft invited Sherlock in and they danced together, momentarily forgetting their rivalry and being just a ten year old boy and his big brother having some fun together.
They remain like that for a while, snuggled up together. At some point, John’s hand ends up in Sherlock’s hair and combs gently, much to the detective’s surprise. A pleasant surprise, though. The tingling his back, all around his head, following the imaginary path that John is tracing, and Sherlock’s initial resolution not to enjoy this too blatantly gradually fades away under John’s fingertips.
She treats him like a normal person. She’s not impressed by his deduction skills, not the way his other friends are, John included, but she doesn’t tell him to piss off either. She just doesn’t seem to care, one way or the other. His intellect is not the reason Mary likes him.
“You don’t want me to move back anymore?” John asks, for the first time concretely realising how this all is going to impact their friendship.
It’s a normal afternoon until Rosie decides it’s time to stand up on her feet. Sherlock doesn’t understand the importance of the moment until he sees Molly’s mouth hanging open.
“You’re a lucky bastard,” Mary whispers, suddenly lying next to him. “He’s good at that, isn’t he? You should ask him to sleep here.”
He doesn’t mind at all, not even when she grabs his hair and pull, for fun, or when later she starts smelling of faeces.
John’s thumbs trace little circles on the back of Sherlock’s hands, making him believe for a moment that perhaps he hasn’t ruined everything after all.
He remembered how, just seconds before falling off the building, he stretched his arm towards John, as a way of comforting him from far away.
Sherlock is busy cataloguing all the things that will be different now that he hasn’t noticed that John is now sitting next to him, whispering all over again how this all is fine and trying to sound convincing in doing so. However, the second John rests his hand over Sherlock’s clenched ones, the detective is brought back to reality, and he finally finds the strength to meet John’s eyes.
Sherlock presses his lips together in an attempt to repress a grin – if there’s one thing he’s learned from John is that one should not smile when one is told supposedly bad news.
Sherlock can’t believe he witnessed such an important milestone of her life, and that he’s never felt so proud before. She’s walking, he rationally thinks, everyone walks, that’s a perfectly normal thing to do at her age.
Sherlock doesn’t know which part exactly, but something has changed in John’s eyes, a new awareness written all across his face.
John can’t help smiling adoringly at Sherlock’s genuine concern. John decides to answer with a gesture instead of words, and he brushes his lips against Sherlock’s once more, his heart melting as he feels Sherlock going rigid in his arm for a second before relaxing completely into the kiss.
With the board lying on his lap, they play. Mary is a remarkable opponent, unlike John. The last time he played with John the game lasted three minutes, while playing with Mary is almost like playing with Mycroft, just ten times more fun.
“This is John, do you remember John? You know him,” he whispers, mindlessly tracing the contours of John’s face. It’s been months since Sherlock declared his love to him and nothing has changed, for better nor for worse. Sherlock is starting to accept that this silence is John’s way to let him know that the sentiment is unrequited. He’ll be fine with it. As long as John is his best friend and they solve cases together, as long as they live together and cuddle up on the sofa when they feel like it, as long as Sherlock can play with Rosie and read her a bedtime stories, he’ll be fine with not being in a romantic relationship with John.
“You should make up your mind, about Mary,” Sherlock says, his hand immobile on John’s shoulder, afraid that anything may happen if he moves even just a millimetre. This position has earned him a positive reinforcement, best to keep it.
Everyone sighs in awe and laughs at the sight of John’s eyes going wide, his mouth opening in amazement as he watches his daughter take uncertain steps towards him with Sherlock holding her tiny hands above her head. He kneels down to pick Rosie up immediately the moment she reaches him, spinning her around.
“By the way, if you could just be more careful and spare me a murder the next time, that would be great,” John says carelessly, behind a mask of light laughter, shaking his head.
It’s the answer he was expecting. He never dared hoping for a second that Mycroft would admit having troubles, it has never happened before. Sherlock himself doesn’t quite know how to proceed. With John it was easy, to get up and hold him, but Mycroft is uncharted territory.
“Well, you know… you saved her life… you admitted you text her… she knows your birthday… I thought, you know, you were… interested.”
When she’s gone back to sleep, he puts her down on the bed, inside the nestle of pillows, and lays down next to her, watching her sleep and brushing away some curls from her forehead. Her hair is so thin and soft that it feels like a feather to his hand.
“A minimum of two weeks,” he says, unable to believe only three days have gone by and he still has at least eleven to go.
Sherlock has accepted it by now, that he has a friend. He and John are friends. John is his friend, and Sherlock is okay with it.
It’s not a frequent occasion that the great detective is left speechless, but right now he is. Watching John being so overwhelmed at the sight of his unborn baby makes his heart melt just a bit.
John is convenient, and Sherlock likes having John around. Of course, people we like are always convenient, or we wouldn’t like them, Sherlock believes. Human nature is so dull it’s mind-numbing.
“I saw you two together… the way you would always look at each other as if you were co-conspiring something… or the way you laughed, I swear, Sherlock, you’ve never laughed that much when Mary wasn’t there,” John says, and he laughs too, just a little, at the memory. “And do you remember that time I was out with Rosie and I caught you two dancing in my kitchen? To a pop song, Sherlock, I didn’t even know you were aware pop music existed.”
Sherlock catches the unspoken rejection - his attempts at improving Mycroft’s mood are far from welcome, but he won’t give up.
Sherlock positions himself behind John, fixing the height of his arms and grasping his shoulders to help him straighten his back as much as possible. If Sherlock’s heard John’s gasp at the contact combined with the feeling of Sherlock’s breath against the top of his head, he chose to ignore it.
“It’s about Mary’s video… about what she said to you,” John says, and Sherlock clenches his fists under the table for the tension building in his body as he forces himself to remain calm on the outside. He’s going to deny everything, and any unusual movement could give away the truth.
Sherlock tries to get her to say something else, and fails miserably. It’s okay though, he thinks. She’s said a word, and even that one word is a sensible improvement considered she hasn’t spoken in six months.
Puzzled, John climbs the stairs wondering what is going on, and his heart melts with tenderness at the sight that appears in front of his eyes. Sherlock and Mary are sound asleep on the sofa, his head on her shoulder and her head on his, the telly on, the whole room smelling of Indian takeaway.
“I hit you, Sherlock!” John yells, visibly furious with himself. “I hit you so hard you were hospitalised! You were down already, harmless, and I kept… for God’s sake, Sherlock, I
“It’s my child,” John whispers, mindlessly stroking the screen with a finger, just a veil of tears covering his eyes. “I’m going to be a father, Sherlock.”
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut, his fists clenching at his side. How does Mycroft, intelligent, brilliant Mycroft, not
Tags are once again friendship, and fluff. Seriously, a lot of fluff. Beware of fluff because there's tons of it.
When John doesn’t reply, Sherlock grins and rolls on his side. He’s been waiting for a chance to share a bed with John again since the last time that happened. The fact that tonight it is John’s bed they’re sharing makes it even better. The duvet is heavy on his body and the smell of John is everywhere.
Any other day he would have walked away without thinking twice, but today he’s as lonely as he’s ever been, and any human contact sounds better than no human contact at all.
Sherlock can distinctly feel his cheeks flush at his best friend’s words, at the sweetness and love he can read in his face, something he hasn’t read there in a long time. He nods. “I believe you mentioned it, yes.”
He sighs, slightly embarrassed. “It started with… ‘you can dance, you can jive, having the time of your life’--“
Lestrade too conforms to his plan when Sherlock walks out of the darkness in the underground car park.
Sherlock tilts his head towards John, closing his eyes again. If it makes John happy, to have a body to hold and pretend it’s Mary, then Sherlock will be that body for tonight. He will never be with John that way, he’s accepted it. John belongs with Mary and their unborn child.
No one needs to know though. He can treat this sentiment like he treats every other useless information, deleting it. He can divorce himself from it.
John doesn’t, and Sherlock deduces that, ultimately, it really was all about Mary. John isn’t happy here in Baker Street anymore, he needs to go back home, to Mary, and Sherlock is determined to do all in his power to make this happen.
“Lock!” the little girl utters joyously as soon as she sees him, walking towards him with a pace that is quick and not as clumsy as it used to be. He picks her up immediately, thinking she’s growing up remarkably fast.
He tells Molly the plans. Each one of them is different and has a code word that is going to trigger it. Molly was the obvious choice, not only because she has the keys to the morgue. She thought she didn’t count, so Sherlock assumed Moriarty would consider her irrelevant as well.
When John steps on Sherlock’s toes, as per Sherlock’s predictions, he mutters a quick apology. The second time it happens, John apologises again, but it comes out with a giggle.
Her lips remain sealed, but her eyes, oh, her eyes, those are pleading him for something he can’t understand.
He blinks, startled. The last time he saw her was when he saved her life in Karachi. He told her to run, and she did. Once the danger was gone, he tried to run after her, but she had just disappeared.
Sherlock doesn’t understand that either. Love is the most powerful motivator he knows, and it definitely was enough for him.
The last birthday Sherlock celebrated, with cake and presents, it was when he turned eighteen, because his parents insisted. After that he categorically refused to organise or take part in any kind of celebration.
“Second,” Mary continues, leaning in towards the camera. The next sentence, she whispers it: “In case it wasn’t clear, you have to convince John to move back to Baker Street.”
But now, if he’s completely honest with himself, he’s fairly sure he wouldn’t trade any of his friends, for anything. If it means he’ll have to lie about himself for their sake… then so be it. And if he knows Moriarty like he thinks he does, this probably won’t be an unlikely scenario.
John gets his arm in position, only touching the void in front of him, before glancing a quizzical look at his friend. “I thought waltz was a dance for two.”
She touches him above his clothes while they kiss, one evening, in Baker Street. She rubs his chest, his back, his arms. He tries to mimic her movements, more or less, purposefully avoiding her breasts, careful not to lead her on in any way. He will have sex with her if he has to, but he hopes he won’t need to.
He spends the rest of the night on the Internet for a kind of research that he hopes Mycroft never discovers.
“Or Mycroft,” Mary adds, and that gets Sherlock’s attention. “Kids tend to pick up older siblings’ musical taste. What did teenager Mycroft listen to?”
Sherlock suddenly tastes something salty in his mouth, and he realises it’s his own tears spilling from his eyes. He rests his head on John’s as Mary pronounces her final goodbyes.
Moved by the smell of John’s sweat and his own desire to learn what it is like to sleep in the same bed with his best friend, Sherlock opts for a repetition of his previous offer.
The temperature outside is even colder than the previous days, but a newly found strength burns in his chest. He can do this. He can complete this mission, and then go home, and surprise John.
As Sherlock follows her with his eyes into the kitchen, he can only think of what just happened. He has opened up to another person, he has showed her the most intimate, private part of his heart, one that so far had always remained a secret for the world.
The frown on John’s face fades gradually, replaced by a playful smile. “For her, huh? So this has nothing to do with your own wish to have a dog?”
Since Sherlock was clearly still unsure about what this was all about, John simply proceeded to lie down on his side, next to Sherlock, grabbing the detective’s hand and pulling it around his waist. The moment Sherlock’s body completely adhered to John’s, back to chest, Sherlock’s nose buried in John’s hair, the detective’s mouth formed the shape of an ‘o’ in surprise.
Sherlock fights his instinct to reach for John once more, and just lowers his head, glancing at his feet. “You were upset. You needed to blow off some steam. It’s okay.”
Once his words reach his ears, he realises how stupid they sound. Mary isn’t really here, she’s dead, this is a projection of his own mind. And yet he can’t deny how reassuring it feels to see her from time to time, to talk to her. This way, it’s a bit as if she’d never left.
Sherlock is tempted to lie, once again, but maintaining the impassable façade gets a lot harder in the night, with John’s fingers in his hair.
“Is he the father?” a young nurse asks Mary, a question that finally makes Sherlock look up from his phone.
Her cry suddenly turns into a laughter, and he can’t help laughing with her, and there it is, under his nose, the answer he was looking for. He forgave her because deep down she is the most similar person to himself he has ever met.  She has made poor choices, but Sherlock himself can’t say he is the wisest man alive, in spite of what John thinks. Clever, yes. Wise, not so much.
“Mary and I really need a day for ourselves… a Turkish bath, some massages, you know…” John starts, awkwardly standing in the middle of the living room in Baker Street.
And while John rambles on about all the most insignificant details in the picture, Sherlock can only stare at his friend, at the love and joy pouring out of his eyes and his voice, as if he was having the chance to look for the first time at the most beautiful creature on the planet.
Irene Adler has died, and Sherlock hates that he cares about it. He can’t even explain it, he barely knew her, but there was something about her that didn’t leave him indifferent. An instinct to stay as far away as possible, balanced by an inner desire to know more about her.
Outside the Aquarium, everything is normal. The London Eye is spinning, as usual. Tourists from all over the world are crowding the Queen’s Walk and taking selfie with the House of Parliament in the background. It’s a normal evening in London, but Mary has just died.
Sherlock goes to bed that night with this brand new awareness, that his new flatmate cares about him, and that they enjoy each other’s company, and with no idea of what to do with this information.
Therefore every night Sherlock seeks refuge in his mind palace, the only place where the voice and memories of John can keep Sherlock company and soothe his soul. The sound of John’s steps, confident and regular like a march. The half full mugs John left around because he made tea and then forgot about it. The smell of the bathroom after he took a shower. The faint sigh that escaped his lips every time he sat down on his chair after a working day. The twitch of his mouth when someone at the telly said something mildly amusing. The wrinkle that appeared on his forehead, above his nose, when he tried to find the perfect title for his new blog entry. The way he used to stroke Sherlock’s hair, massaging his scalp, softly tugging at his curls. The heat of John’s hand against his lower back, or his shoulder. Even now, as he begins walking along the Nevsky Prospect, temperatures way below zero, the heat of John’s memories somehow manages to keep him warm.
“Sherlock! Sherlock, I’m going to stop you here.” John clears his throat nervously. “Look, I’m very flattered that you’ve, er… thought this through… but if there’s one thing I never want to talk about, ever, is my toddler daughter’s future sex life. Okay? But we can take your room, yes.”
That is when Sherlock knows that something isn’t quite right. No one could ever be okay after all the things that happened yesterday, no one, not even Mycroft Holmes, and Sherlock has to do something.
Mycroft sits back against his chair, pinching the bridge of his nose, and Sherlock thinks he’s getting somewhere.
“What’s going on?” John asks the moment he enters the living room, only to find his friends lined up like a wall in front of him.
“Why wouldn’t I?” Sherlock asks, genuinely wondering. John and himself and Rosie living all together under the same roof sounds like an actual dream. Like the good old times, but even better.
He blinks, his mind overlapping this experience with his sole previous one kissing a woman. Astonished, he realises no feeling of repulsion has overpowered him this time. This was strangely okay. Sweet, even, if he had to define it with an adjective.
“Can I kiss you again now, or do you have other questions?” John asks, briefly licking his lips in anticipation. “Because I really like kissing you.”
He swears he can hear Lestrade muttering a considerably wide range of curses while he storms down the stairs, shaking his head.
“I might need a moment,” John says sitting up, his voice thick with sleep. “And sorry about… before. I didn’t mean to… you know… I didn’t realise…”
He plays with her, sitting on the carpet, his back against his chair, Rosie on his lap. He sits her down on his knees while he googles ‘how to make a baby laugh’. He blows raspberries on her tummy when he changes her nappy with the Youtube tutorial opened on his phone, and he mentally notes down that tickly touches make her laugh more than funny faces.
The next second, John’s laying across his chest, his arms clumsily grasping his shoulders, his head nestled under his chin.
He caresses the image of Rosie with the pad of his finger. She was so tiny, he thinks, she would fit perfectly in Mary’s arms. Now she seems to grow a bit taller every day, she’s constantly learning new things, she runs around 221B and her laughter fills the air. Sherlock loves her more than he can say. It’s like the amount of love he feels for John and Mary had summed up together and completely taken over his heart.
At first it’s just lips on lips, brushing, pecking, nose against nose, getting to know each other from this new exciting perspective. Much to John’s surprise, it’s Sherlock the one who deepens the kiss, his tongue probing John’s lower lip the way Janine taught him, to ask him for access. Finally those skills are coming in handy, Sherlock thinks in a moment of rationality, before starting his exploration of John’s mouth and making everything disappear, except John’s warmth and smell and taste and the way his tongue is slowly dancing with Sherlock’s.
“He’s bloody amazing,” Lestrade whispers to John, the volume of his voice low but not low enough to be missed by Sherlock’s ears.
Instead, John is way too far away, enjoying his sex holiday with his wife. Sherlock can’t help thinking that he really envies Mary sometimes.
Odd, usually John is easily awoken, Sherlock thinks. He quickly glances around the darkened room, observing the way the clothes have been messily thrown around, and deduces that John must have exaggerated a bit with alcohol tonight. Now that he thinks about it, John had mentioned something about going for ‘a drink’ with Mike Stanford.
“Wow, this is… this is the first time she does that, isn’t it?” the inspector asks as reality sinks down on him.
It means more to him than he can say. “We’re the only ones who can handle him,” he says, feeling the edge of his lips curl up in a smile that mirrors hers.
However, soon curiosity takes over him, and he leans forward to read the words on the screen. John sits back, letting him. Their faces are mere inches apart.
John has just lost his wife. Rosie has lost her mother. And all of this is Sherlock’s fault. He staggers backwards, between his brother’s and Lestrade’s shocked looks, and finds his way out of the Aquarium.
That is when her lips form a shape he’s never seen before, not on her. A smile, yes, but not her usual flirtatious smirk. Sadness. A sad smile.
He knows he’s really crossed a line when Molly Hooper slaps him, three times, right in the face. She adores him, she respects him, and now she’s so angry with him that she decides to physically hit him.
He tried to text Mycroft too, a couple of times, but then changed his mind. Any contact would potentially reveal his position, and that was the last thing he needed. He needed to complete his mission, dismantle Moriarty’s network, and it was something he had to do alone.
Kissing a person he cares about and kissing a perfect stranger elicit two distinct reactions. He probably should have considered this before.
“Oh my God!” Molly screams. When Rosie takes a first, clumsy step, before falling immediately on her bum, Molly claps her hands frenetically and pulls the little girl back into her arms, kissing her head and showering her with compliments.
When he thinks John is ready, Sherlock puts on some background music, a playlist he selected on Youtube. He’s composing an original piece for the wedding, but it’s not done yet, and even if it was, he wouldn’t spoil it for the rehearsals.
Sherlock takes a deep breath, registering the concern in John’s eyes and realising the stakes are high but honesty is necessary. “John, I think you should know that my experience on the field is
Sherlock doesn’t say anything and Mycroft starts struggling again in a vain attempt to wiggle out of this unwanted embrace. “Sherlock, let me go,” he says, but Sherlock just smiles. He’s reminded of a happier time, when they were children. Five-year-old Sherlock would appear in Mycroft’s room and interrupt his studies jumping onto his lap. Mycroft would always try to push him away at first, but Sherlock was stubborn enough to win his space on his big brother’s lap every time.
Sherlock doesn’t address it, he just thinks he couldn’t be bothered to let her cry, omitting even to himself the fact that he loved carrying her around the whole day.
“Mary, I said it doesn’t matter,” he repeats, stretching an arm in her direction, silently asking her not to leave.
you need, please call us,” John says, sitting Rosie down on her Bumbo seat carefully positioned on John’s old chair.
He told himself he would lie and deny the evidence if needed, but John specifically asked for honesty. If Sherlock lies now, he can’t ever confess his love to John ever again, or John will understand Sherlock has lied to him, and will leave.
In a matter of seconds, the music coming from Mary’s phone fills the room. Sherlock remembers it vividly, so much he can’t believe he hasn’t heard this song in more than twenty-five years. He knows it perfectly, every instrument that plays, every word that is sung.
Molly Hooper cares, Sherlock realises with disbelief after he reads his own name on the Christmas card. One more person who cares about him, and that makes four of them, all of them in the same room now. What is more, Molly seems to care in a way that is not strictly friendly.
in his mind. What they did was nothing more than that, two close friends enjoying some non-sexual intimacy when hidden from the world.
“Yes, when you were five, now let go of me,” Mycroft repeats. However, his struggles are less strong now, just a steady pressure against Sherlock’s hands on where they’re joined on Mycroft’s left shoulder.
His voice trails off in the end until it abandons him completely, and his body is again shaken by sighs and hiccups. You’re so good to me, he wanted to say before finding himself completely unable to.
“Mary’s not as tall and heavy as I am, it will be easier with her,” Sherlock says, as he tries to shift a bit downwards to meet John’s face. “But yes, the position is correct.”
He apologises to John, over and over, he compliments him, he jokes with him. They never really joked before, but Sherlock admits that death, even a fake one, changes everything. When finally John apologises and praises him, Sherlock is so happy that he keeps joking, to hear John laugh just once again, such a beautiful sound. Then, as the police arrive and Sherlock feels things are good now, he turns to John and opens his arms, just a little, his palms facing upwards, hoping that John will close the distance between them and envelop Sherlock in a long-awaited hug. John doesn’t.
John’s insistence is at the same time upsetting and confusing. Sherlock does know that John cares, but displays of such sentiment never fail to startle him. So much energy and thought spent in the form of concern for another human being, it’s a concept that still eludes the great detective.
Sherlock tries again, and then again, in the following days, but nothing ever happens. Soon he stops trying altogether.
Sherlock hands John his cup while taking a sip from his own and resisting the urge to roll his eyes. Those titles.
Sherlock blinks, watching as she takes her phone and looks at him expectantly, her fingers ready to type.
Fascinating, he thinks. He usually gets erections because of physiology, or chemicals, or himself mindlessly tugging at his own penis when he is very bored. He never really got an erection in presence of another person before.
Mary laughs imagining the scene. It’s hard to believe that Mycroft Holmes used to be a normal teenager. “I might sing it to him the next time I meet him.”
And yet, there’s more. John cares about him, Sherlock reminds himself from time to time. He’s growing accustomed to the idea, and somehow it’s making it easier to trust John. Which, consequently, is good for work, to have a partner you trust.
“I imagined you would be bored, so I thought I’d bring something to cheer you up,” she adds. And with that, she extracts a travel chess set from her purse, shaking it vigorously to tease him, letting him hear all the pieces rattling inside. “If you want to play with me, that is.”
John sighs, loudly, letting himself fall back on the bed. “Shit,” he whispers, covering his eyes with his hand.
He sighs theatrically, looking up at the ceiling. “Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I lie here relying on morphine to sink me down into oblivion and make me forget how dreadfully long hours are.”
He kisses her again, just as quickly, for science, trying to determine the truthfulness of the data.
Sherlock isn’t sure John would approve of this, but he gestures for her to come in anyway. For some reason, he’s not angry at her, hasn’t been since the second he discovered she didn’t actually mean to kill him. Something about her made it very easy to forgive her, but he still couldn’t say what it is.
Sherlock almost laughs. There was a time in which his experiments were everything, but now if he had to choose between them and Rosie living with him on a full time basis, he would pick Rosie in a heartbeat, without ever second guessing his decision. He’s been staying in the guest room at John’s place since the explosion and it’s a dynamic he loves, having meals together, playing together, reading a book sitting in comfortable silence in the same room as John. As for the drugs, Sherlock will manage, for Rosie.
John helps Sherlock solve crimes. Not that John’s contributions are ever crucial, but having a second opinion has revealed to be stimulating, if not useful.
After watching Mary’s DVD, he realises Mary wants Sherlock to help John too, and the least he can do is follow her instructions.
John comes back late that night from the medical conference he was attending in Dublin. As he steps into 221B, he bumps into Mrs Hudson, who brings her forefinger to her nose in a suggestion to keep quiet.
John massages softly, in circles, spreading the ointment on Sherlock’s abdomen. Sherlock’s skin is soft under his touch, mostly hairless except for a little dusting on his chest and below his navel, but John’s hand doesn’t travel that far. He finds himself wanting to, for the shortest second, before he harshly represses that thought. He remains focused on the hurt zone on his abdomen, making sure the ointment is spread evenly among the three bruises.
When the room falls into darkness again, and the dip of the mattress indicates another body is present, Sherlock is confident that his lie has been successful. He closes his eyes.
He remembers how much he loved playing stupid board games with her, dancing with her, talking to her, how much fun they would always have together. He remembers the smell of her perfume, and her smile, and her laugher, the way it never
John smiles, a bit awkwardly, glancing at his own feet, his hands in his pockets. “So, er… how do we start?”
And with that, she breaks down. “Oh God,” she chokes out before covering her mouth with her hand to muffle a sob that just escaped. He watches her tears stream slowly down her reddened cheeks, and he’s never felt so helpless in his life.
Something flashes across Mycroft’s face, a light in his eyes, a way he glances down at his own shoes for a moment. Defeated, Sherlock would describe it if this were anybody else. As if the answer he provided to Mycroft’s question did not meet his expectations.
“Yes, yes, I’m fine,” John replies. And he is, very much. After their first case, he’s never bothered with trying to figure out Sherlock’s feelings anymore. He just thought Sherlock wasn’t wired like that, he’s all deductions and observations and inappropriate behaviour. A very tall child with a brilliant mind and poor survival instinct.
John sighs loudly, biting his lip to repress the instinct to strangle his whiny flatmate. He has barely touched Sherlock this time.
And he truly does, because this changes everything. He thinks of all the sweet words he told Sherlock, the hugs, the light kisses, the cuddles, even, the night spent in the same bed, nothing that a straight man normally does with another man, John knows that. Yet, when no one could see, he let himself engage in such behaviour with Sherlock because Sherlock didn’t care about cultural conventions. Sherlock was asexual, or not interested, married to his work, and John could see him as
“How funny does it have to be?” Sherlock asks. “Should it be embarrassing for him? The book says the groom should feel embarrassed.”
But John shakes his head. “It’s not that… not limited to that, anyway. That’s just the tip of the iceberg.”
“You have to work in the morning. It’s okay,” Sherlock finishes for her, and watches her gather her things.
His thought always goes to John in the end. He wonders what John would say if he knew Sherlock was in Irene Adler’s studio flat, eating chips and chatting about their city.
John bites his lower lip nervously. “I don’t… I don’t know. I understand it’s not the answer you need right now, but… I really don’t know. Can you… accept it? That I don’t know?”
At this point, Sherlock starts losing his cool. John hasn’t met Eurus again after the night at Sherrinford, John doesn’t know how much she has changed.
She’s so close now he can feel her breath on him. He’s paralysed, realising he has no real answer to her question, and this terrifies him. The fear that she may hurt him, or worse, try to seduce him, tightens his throat. This is not why he came here, but what if she doesn’t care?
DI Lestrade and Mrs Hudson care about his well-being, Sherlock tells himself. That’s a full 200% increase of people who care about him if compared to the data collected just a couple of months earlier.
The second part wins. John needs to know if Sherlock is in love with him, and it’s an answer he needs right now.
“I don’t think I understand correctly,” he says, because John’s earlier words suggested Sherlock might have a chance with him, and Sherlock simply cannot believe it.
“No, thank you, I’m fine,” Sherlock replies instead, a cold chill running down his spine as the contact with John’s body is interrupted.
Sherlock knows John has just summed up six months of doubt and constant questioning and old feelings and residual guilt in one simple sentence, but for once in his life he doesn’t really care about explanations.
“Stay out of this, it’s none of your business,” he replies calmly. He isn’t worried Mycroft might talk, though. If he had wanted to, he would have done so weeks ago.
Saint Petersburg reminds him of London, a much colder version of it, but similar nonetheless. The streets bustle with cars and people and buses, the dome of Saint Isaac’s Cathedral reminds him of Saint Paul’s, the last thing that disappeared from his view as he fell from the rooftop of Bart’s Hospital.
Sherlock does, explaining everything slowly and with abundance of details, purposefully postponing the moment they’ll have to get up, just because he’s comfortable and warm and John has willingly chosen to lie like this. It wasn’t an accident. John seems to actually like Sherlock’s proximity.
Without realising it, Sherlock pouts a little, like a kid who is conceding a victory to someone else. “Fine.”
“Mary emailed me a couple of pictures from the scan she had today… the screen of my phone is rather small, so I took my laptop, and… well, have a look.”
It’s not quite the same feeling he had when the other party was John. Hugging Mrs Hudson is like hugging Mummy, almost a way to say thank you for all she’s done.
The entire world stops and ceases existing, the only thing that Sherlock’s mind can register is the contact with John’s lips, his warmth and his taste of Chai tea. It’s too much and not enough at the same time, and over way too quickly. John pulls back after just two seconds, leaving Sherlock wide-eyed and flushed, his mouth agape, his heart beating so hard that he can feel it in his ears.
Sherlock and Molly play together with Rosie, sitting on the floor. Rosie seems to like Molly very much, Sherlock deduces with a tiny hint of jealousy, observing the way Molly makes her laugh way more than he can.
“Does it bother you that she was here?” Sherlock asks in an attempt to understand his friend’s feelings.
Sherlock considers the idea for a moment. He can’t just switch his mind from an experiment to another, but this drug is supposed to switch his brain off completely, get him some sleep. If the only two alternative he has right now are either changing experiment or lie in bed unconscious for a few hours, he’ll choose the latter.
He pulls down Sherlock’s face to press a kiss on his forehead, then one on both cheeks, and another one on his forehead, his lips lingering there for two whole seconds this time, as if he wanted all of his love to find his way into Sherlock’s mind. And Sherlock feels all of it, warming his heart.
A day that could have been horrible, devastating even, had turned for Sherlock into a tolerable one, all of this while Mycroft, instead, had sat in his office working and had then come home to an empty house.
Sometimes he thinks of Mrs Hudson too, when he sees an old lady on the street. If he closes his eyes, he can still hear her climb the stairs, the pace of her steps so different than John’s, much lighter, slower, and a bit asymmetrical, because of her hip. He hears her voice calling his name with the most affectionate tone.
He takes the photo in his hand, observing him as a smile makes its way on his face. There’s all of them, John, Mary, Molly, Greg, Mrs Hudson. They all have the brightest smile that lights up their whole faces, except for Sherlock, who looks serious as always and has his phone hidden behind his back.
Mycroft looks at him in disbelief. Never in his life had he heard his own thoughts pronounced aloud by another person.
Mrs Hudson walks in on them at some point, thinking it was Sherlock playing. They laugh it off, John a bit more embarrassedly than Sherlock, and they take it as an excuse to start another song.
Sherlock does, with trembling hands, and John is horrified at what he sees. Three purple bruises are marking Sherlock’s skin, one significantly bigger, the other two a little smaller. John thinks he might hurl. He felt the same when he discovered the scars on Sherlock’s back, but this time, it was he himself who put those there. It was him who hurt Sherlock like that.
“Oh darling, you’re already John’s best man, you can’t be my bridesmaid as well,” Mary says, and she winks.
“You’ve been dead for a while now… your coat is way too light for Russian winter temperatures… it means you weren’t originally planning to come here, you came because it’s the closest thing to London, and the safest, you could easily reach from wherever you were before… you miss home. You miss your friends, your family, even the smallest things you never cared about, you miss everything… you’re lost, the world feels too big, some days you wish you were dead for real... You’re lonely.”
John giggles, and Sherlock can’t wait to be discharged and finally go home with John like the good times.
As they drive to Baker Street, Sherlock wonders if the thing is reciprocal. He cares about Lestrade, not as much as he cares about John, but he would definitely be upset if something happened to the inspector. One more thing, Lestrade trusts him, and provides him with work. Without Lestrade, Sherlock could hardly have become the consultant detective he is now. Lestrade brought a positive change into his life, just like John, but different.
“John likes the ones they sell in Camden Town. Overpriced, in my opinion, clearly a tourist trap, but he won’t listen to me.”
Sherlock doesn’t move, doesn’t in any way acknowledge John. He just feels the mattress dip under John’s weight, sign that he’s sat down next to him
“Don’t you dare do that again, okay? Stop dying on me,” the doctor murmurs, the quick fluttering of his eyelashes tickling Sherlock’s chest. “I can’t stand to lose you again, I just can’t.”
Sherlock blinks again, following John with his eyes as he disappears downstairs, probably to retrieve some instant ice from Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock blinks again and turns to face his computer, his head in his hands, as the noises outside from helicopters and police cars gradually fade away.
However, he did end up lying face-down on the street and with a sharp pain on his left ankle. Possibly not his most accurate calculation, but he’s fine.
Sherlock melts into the hug, releasing a breath he didn’t know he was holding. They’re still allowed to hug, then.
Sherlock’s breath gets caught in his throat, as he starts wondering how Mycroft can know of this, when no one knows, no one has to know, but maybe it was naïve of him to believe Mycroft wouldn’t learn the truth sooner or later.
“If you’re sure it’s fine,” he replies softly, as Sherlock quickly rolls onto his stomach, pushing the sheet down to his waist to expose his back. Hands under the pillow, he waits for John to take a look and gather data, if he wants to.
He and John might not be romantically involved, probably will never be, sooner or later  John might even meet another woman, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t feel like family to Sherlock.
“I think the best option is having our room downstairs, and Rosie’s upstairs,” Sherlock says. “It might not seem a good solution for now, but I believe it is on the long run. She’ll like her privacy when she’s a bit older and she wants to study, or have friends over, or sexual partn—“
He does, explaining Sherlock what he’s expected to write in his speech, to start with some feelings before getting to the anecdotes.
John swallows dry as his doubts are confirmed. Sherlock waits, without finding the courage to look at John, staring instead at his own hands still clenched in his lap, his blood pumping with such force through his veins that he’s afraid his heart is going to burst.
She kisses his cheek. “I’m sorry… we’ll slow down, okay? Do this at your pace,” she says, turning so that she can lean her back against his chest. He finally breathes again, as he wraps his arms around her, resting his chin on top of her head.
“Yes, Eurus, family. That’s correct,” he says, his eyes studying the picture to take in every single detail, his heart swelling in his chest because every single person in this photo has loved him and made him the man he is today, and if that isn’t the definition of a family he doesn’t know what is.
Empty. The house is empty, and dark, and silent, except for the sound of a crackling fire coming from the living room. Mycroft is there, sitting in his chair, his legs stretched towards the fireplace. Staring at the flames, he smokes his cigarette, his other hand busy propping up his head.
He doesn’t even try to hide his disappointment when John shakes his head slightly. “It’s a mess if you wake her up… you can hold her in her morning.”
John’s smiling, not a mocking smirk, an actual smile, that makes Sherlock frown, as his mind races to understand what just happened.
And then, just a second later, John’s lips are softly pressing on Sherlock’s flushed cheek, making his eyes widen in surprise and his stomach jump with love.
He keeps walking down the Nevsky Prospect, trying to imagine it’s the Strand, when at some point he sees something, or better, someone that makes him doubt his own senses.
Sherlock tried to resist, tried to keep sentiment out of this all. He tried to keep John at arm’s length, to enjoy his company without actually growing attached to him. John was convenient.
“Thanks… not to argue with your teaching methods, but wouldn’t it be better if I tried with a partner, or I don’t know, some music?”
“Well, yes, a bit embarrassing is fine, but, you know… not humiliating? Not something, er… private, that would make his mother want to stick cutlery in her ears, do you know what I mean? Not those stories.”
The sound of the door opening and closing, followed by a series of confident steps, makes Molly smile and Sherlock’s heartbeat accelerate for some reason.
Also, further confirmation acquired on the fact that Sherlock definitely cares about John. Now 100% a proven fact.
“Okay, so posture first,” he illustrates, assuming himself the position briefly so that John can copy it. “Right hand on Mary’s shoulder blade, cupping, like this, look at me… With your left hand you take Mary’s right one, and she’ll have the other one on your shoulder seam.”
“You’re a doctor, and a man yourself, this is hardly the first time you see an unclothed male body. I fail to see the problem.”
He can live with John not knowing, because it means soon there will be a definite answer. It might be a rejection, but it might not be, and never in his life has doubt been so beautiful.
After thorough online research, some of it frankly embarrassing, he comes to the conclusion that the reason why his friendship with John is so different from the one with, say, Lestrade, is because Sherlock is in love with John Watson.
He waits for Janine to roll away from him in her sleep, then he goes to the kitchen, where his drugs always wait for him, his most loyal friend.
“Christ Sherlock, no, it’s not okay!” John yells, wishing it sounded firm and confident but this time his voice quivers all over again. He cups Sherlock’s face with both his hands, letting new tears flow freely down his reddened cheeks. “I love you, and people who love should never hurt you… not like that, never like that…”
John doesn’t want to hear explanations as to how Sherlock didn’t die, and gets even angrier when Sherlock reveals there were other people who knew the truth. John makes it clear that he’s livid, and that for the time being he has no intention of pursuing any further contact with Sherlock.
As they start moving in silence, John silently mouthing the counts while staring at his feet, Sherlock closes his eyes, cherishing the feeling of John’s hand in his. Both are a bit sweaty, he supposes for different reasons.
“Well well, what was that?” she asks, her voice down a tone, her tongue licking her lips. Her pupils slightly dilated.
It all unfolds in the next few minutes, when Sherlock takes his suit off and puts on his pyjama, wincing in pain with the movements but enjoying the sensation of the softer material caressing his skin. Then he calls John, who walks into Sherlock’s bedroom and instructs him to lay down. Sherlock is taken by surprise but he complies anyway, settling himself under the thick duvet and sighing in content for a moment, as he watches John retrieve something from his bag.
John is the only one to wake up at the sound of Rosie crying through the baby monitor, a few hours later. He attempts the mission of sneaking out of the bed without waking Sherlock, an impossible mission indeed, since the detective is wrapped around him like an octopus around its prey. Every time John tries to get away, Sherlock’s arms tighten around his waist. Eventually Rosie’s cry becomes more urgent, and John accept the fact that he doesn’t have time to be careful, he just has to go.
“Well, or so I was told,” Sherlock replies, laying on his back so that John can see, if he wants to.
Back at Baker Street, he’s surprised to see that everyone is still there, including Mycroft, and that Rosie is back too.
“And for… you know, that other thing, Sherlock…” she continues, winking, “just go for it. Trust me. Go for it and it will be okay.”
They watch as Rosie gets more and more steady, and one step turns into two, and then three, with Molly’s aid. Mrs Hudson has rushed upstairs with her phone, ready to take a video and immortalise the moment. The three of them sit in circle, Sherlock and Molly on the floor, Mrs Hudson on the sofa, and take turns in helping Rosie stumble her way from one to another. Rosie tries to do it all by herself a couple of times, without anyone holding her hands, but she falls on her bum after one step. Even then, everyone keeps cheering and encouraging her, knowing that literally every step is important.
John checks the watch on his wrist. “Time to pick up Rosie,” he says. She’s been staying with Mrs Hudson that afternoon, in her five-star suite in a luxury hotel in Central London – all generously paid by the British Government to make up for the inconvenience.
Instead of answering his question, as he expected, she shifts closer to him until they’re mere inches apart, his eyes tantalised by hers, his heartbeat considerably speeding up.
He keeps tweeting all the way to the hospital, even as he waits with Mary at the A&E while John parks the car.
“Rosie, this is Uncle Mike,” Sherlock cooed to Rosie’s ear, the day he finally introduced her to his brother, on her first birthday. “Say hi to uncle Mike,” he said, waving his hand and watching Rosie do the same.
“How am I doing?” John asks after ten more minutes. The tiniest smile has finally appeared on his face.
They watch the film in silence in Mycroft’s cinema room. Sherlock glances at his brother, from time to time, delighted at the way he moves his head and taps his foot on the floor on the notes of Dancing Queen.
Sherlock opens his eyes again. “I travelled… Moriarty’s network was mainly a European problem, but some minor cells were hidden in Asia too,” he replies, his voice remarkably flat in spite of the situation.
He chats with this man sitting in front of him. He learns things about him. Not that he hasn’t deduced them already, but somehow Sherlock lets him speak, and he finds himself interested in the information he’s acquiring. And then, to reciprocate, he says something on the same topic, or closely related.
“No,” Sherlock replies. A second later, an amused smile appears on his mouth as a memory resurfaces in his mind. Mary had said so, that John believed Sherlock was in love with Irene.
As his eyes fill with tears, he finally moves, and sits on the black sofa, desperately hoping that John remembers their old code, the one they used so many years ago. Sofa meant please join me.
“Sherlock, either you’re letting me check your ankle or I’m driving you to the hospital right now, your choice.”
“This is Molly, you know her too… she’s a great friend, you know, she’s always there when you need her… this is Greg, he works for Scotland Yard, I think you’ve met him that night… he’s a brave man, and kind, and has the patience of a saint… this is Mrs Hudson, she’s my landlady… she makes the best tea, and the best fry-up too… you’d like her very much, all of them…”
He’s abruptly brought back to reality when a single drop of water pools on his collarbone, except it’s not water, it’s a tear. John is crying, John, his own John, is crying because he can’t bear the thought of living without him. Sherlock wraps an arm around his shoulders, rubbing gently, as he fights back tears too.
One, two, three, one, two, three. After a considerable amount of repetitions, Sherlock stops dancing himself and just watches John, studying his mistakes and correcting them. He’s not bad for a beginner. His movements are insecure and not nearly as gracious as his own, but it’s just been half an hour and he’s doing great.
“The baby must be asleep,” Mary says after a minute. “If she were awake, she would be kicking your face.”
He almost gets a gag reflex the second she licks his lips and sticks the tip of her tongue just in, forcing him to pull back. No. No. The gesture itself is too wet to be enjoyable, her tongue is viscid, the idea of her saliva in his mouth simply revolting.
Sherlock loves the way everyone treats his sister nicely, in spite of everything she’s done. They treat her like the human being Sherlock knows she is, and he’ll be forever grateful to all his friends for this. They’re doing this for him, after all.
“You still have the wedding ring on. You could have got rid of it, but you still wear it, and on the correct finger, which means you still consider yourself married. Plus you haven’t read the contents on her memory stick yet, although you had plenty of occasions. The conclusion is you’re still in love with her.”
Sherlock surprises Molly Hooper waiting for her in the changing room of Bart’s Hospital. She’s startled at first, but then she grins and runs to hug him.
He finally sees her face as he turns around, her eyes are glistening with tears but a little smile is lighting up her face.
He does, and she listens, occasionally glancing up and loving the way his eyes light up when he talks about topics he’s into, albeit objectively boring ones.
“It’s okay, I’ve got you,” John whispers to his ear, his hands drawing slow, soothing circles on Sherlock’s back, helping him grieve.
This chapter starts at the very end of The Abominable Bride and covers the first two episodes of series 4. Series 4 definitely wasn't my favourite, but I didn't hate it either, so just so you know it's still all canon.
He wants to add that Mary told him she has no intentions of learning the baby’s sex until John makes up his mind about them, but eventually he doesn’t.
Sherlock is sure his heart is still beating only for scientific reasons, because hearts beat, that’s what hearts do. But if he were to say whether his own heart is beating or not, he would need to assess it, because the revelation behind John’s words is too big to comprehend.
“It’s fine by me, yes,” John replies, and for the first time since the beginning of this discussion, the straight expression on Sherlock’s face gives way to a shy, v-shaped smile.
“Okay,” is the only thing John can say after a couple of second of deafening silence. “That’s, er… that’s fine.”
The only thing she does this time is to glance at their joined hands, and somehow it is enough for him to finally understand.
Sherlock pushes the duvet down to his hips, and touches an area on his upper abdomen, immediately noticing the way John bites his lip as he realises that’s the exact spot where he kicked Sherlock.
His voice cracks slightly at the end, but it’s enough for Sherlock to pick it up and allow it go straight to his heart. Moments like this are rare between them, they prefer to let their affection for one another go unspoken through looks and gestures. But now John’s lying on top of his bare chest, opening up his heart, without barriers, and Sherlock can only think of how much he loves this amazing man and how much he wishes things were different between them. For a second, he imagines a life where the weight of John’s head on his chest is a sensation he’s grown accustomed to, and the smell of John’s unwashed hair is so familiar that he could recreate it in a lab.
With John, however, things are different. Seeing John’s body makes Sherlock wonder what John’s skin feels like under his fingertips, or what John’s lips taste like. Sherlock has formulated various hypothesis on this last point. Sometimes he imagines kissing John after they’ve drunk their cups of tea, and then John’s lips would taste like Earl Grey and milk. Sometimes he imagines kissing John before going to sleep, and then John’s lips would taste like toothpaste.
Idiot, Sherlock screams in his head, feeling nothing but despise for himself because he ruined the best thing of his life, his friendship with John. Mary was wrong, so wrong, she thought Sherlock might have had a chance with John, when this is probably the farthest scenario from the truth.
He brings more photo albums the following time. Even if she stops being in the pictures at some point, she still looks at them with interest, listening to her brother’s voice narrating the events behind every single shot, at least what he remembers. Which is surprisingly more than he imagined. Some things he thought he’d deleted years ago, but it turns out they’re still there, buried somewhere in his mind palace.
“People die, Sherlock,” he whispers, his face impassable. “That’s what humans do. We all die, at some point, there’s no reason to be shocked. I warned you so many times that caring is not an advantage…”
The only thing Sherlock can do is walk away from John, let him be angry, and hope he will change his mind eventually. He will, won’t he, Sherlock wonders. He can’t imagine his life in London without John. Learning that John doesn’t live in Baker Street anymore, nor has he any intentions of moving back, was painful enough.
They frown as they’re both invested from the bright screen light, and Sherlock notices that John is only wearing his underwear and a white cotton t-shirt. It does funny things to him, to be in bed with a John in a somewhat state of undress.
He’s never felt so helpless in his life. He sits in his chair at 221B, in silence, shocked when Mrs Hudson walks upstairs while she was supposed to be on her way to the funeral.
What was the point of confessing his feelings like that, Sherlock tells himself. John is happy now. He’s with Mary, and they’re having a baby. Both Mary and the baby will keep him in trouble, though in different ways. Once Sherlock has died, Mycroft will tell John the standard story  – that Sherlock is thriving somewhere, doing his thing under a false identity, and that he’s doing fine, but that John can never contact him again. John will believe it, and he’ll be happy with his family.
Sherlock wonders what that sentence could possibly mean, what the implications could be, not only the selfish wish to avoid a criminal offence, but the other hidden meaning, to be more careful, an advice, a request.
Like John’s hand in his hair, a soothing movement. Something that feels good. A gesture of affection. A cuddle.
The worst part about this dance lesson, however, is the considerable chance that this is also their last contact. John is getting married in three days, and after that, time will make them drift further and further apart, until they’re just a faded picture in each other’s memories. Sherlock still fondly remembers the affectionate moments they used to share before he was forced to stage his own death.
Sherlock can’t help smiling at that label that he himself attached to John the day the bomb exploded. It’s incredibly relieving to know that however things will turn out, they’re family.
“Cake. It’s your birthday. Go change your shirt,” John says, patting Sherlock’s arm and glancing at the shirt he’s wearing.
Rationally, he knows it’s a huge risk, he can only imagine how Mycroft would react. On the other hand, though, it’s fine, so much that it feels odd. It’s fine to know that there’s another person sharing his secret, and it’s fine that this person is Mary. Ironically, he trusts her in a way he doesn’t trust anyone else, not even John. He briefly wonders if it’s weird to trust someone with your life but not with the secrets of your heart.
? He knew Mary was Sherlock’s friend. He knew how much Sherlock cared about her. He witnessed John’s furious reaction.
A couple of minutes pass, the fire keeps crackling in the background. Soon enough Sherlock releases Mycroft from his embrace.
John’s heart wrenches for him. He reaches with his hand to brush some curls away from Sherlock’s forehead, smiling tenderly when the younger man closes his eyes in surrender.
Sherlock finds himself unable to reply, or hug back, for that matter. His mouth is suddenly dry and his arms are completely limp against his sides. He can’t recall he last time someone hugged him or even tried to, he’s always considered it dull and unpleasant, but his body’s now releasing endorphins, and it’s yet one more information he doesn’t know how to handle.
Sherlock’s going to jump in the car at the airport when Mary taps his back. As he turns around, she immediately wraps her arms around him.
“Oh,” he says. He hasn’t seen Janine since that time she visited him at the hospital. “How is she doing?”
“You see her too, don’t you? Mary… you see her, you talk to her… you did, today, when we left to go to the bakery… you-you said something, to her,” John explains carefully, taking a few steps towards his friend.
“And please, don’t tell anyone about… this. I’d rather be remembered as the Dominatrix in London,” she says next.
When John’s alarm goes off the next morning, he glances at his sleeping friend for a moment. He’d always assumed that Sherlock would be a fussy, loud sleeper, just like he was during the day. He imagined sheet hogging, snoring, talking, limbs ending up on the other side of the bed.
“Mary told me you believed I had feelings for Irene,” Sherlock replies, watching John’s expression go from curious to startled as he adds a piece of the puzzle.
To John there’s only one explanation that makes sense, only one way in which that introduction might have sounded. Ironically, it’s an explanation that he can’t even begin to process, because if it were true, it would challenge all his beliefs and the very foundation of his friendship with Sherlock.
As he pronounces those words, Sherlock moves his hand on John’s back and shifts his weight forward, slowly, so very gently, in order not to startle John, who lets himself inelegantly dip down.
John laughs at that definition, and Sherlock tells him about their meeting in Russia, although he’d promised her not to disclose it.
He remembers her playing, when she was so young it was hard to find a violin that would fit her tiny hands. Mummy had travel to London to find one, because Eurus was only two when she started showing interest towards music and the local music shop in their town didn’t have a violin that small. Sherlock remembers that he was out playing, or bothering Mycroft, and the house would fill with a soothing melody coming from Eurus’s room. She taught him how to play, when he was five and she was four, but it took him years to master that art the way she had.
Sherlock blinks, his eyes fixed on Rosie, in John’s arms. After realising he knew absolutely nothing on how to concretely take care of a baby, Sherlock spent the last couple of days thoroughly researching everything he thought he was supposed to know.
“Your skills are remarkable, Rosie. I’m proud of you,” he says, pressing his lips on her cheeks, and missing the fond glance Molly and Mrs Hudson exchanged.
With that, John retires back into his room, grinning to himself once fifteen minutes have passed and the noise of the blender still hasn’t appeared again.
“John should be here soon, we want to surprise him,” Molly says. “Don’t we, Rosie? We want daddy to see how good you are.”
His throat is clenched, his heart could explode in his chest at any moment now. He’s so terrified he can’t speak.
“If my getting married hasn’t stopped Mrs Hudson from talking, nothing will,” John jokes. He doesn’t know if it’s the headache, or the cold air of the room, or the typical late November fog that is visible from his window, but John feels extremely cosy, and he can’t deny Sherlock’s close presence is a contributing factor.
Sherlock nods, appreciating Lestrade’s validation of his fears much more than he could ever express with words.
“She’s on our side. She needs protection,” Sherlock says, knowing that Mycroft understands no other explanation than practical ones. Everything that concerns sentiment is obscure to him. “Trust my judgement.”
After the wedding, John will look for Sherlock to dance together once more, but Sherlock will never know. He will be home, alone, in an empty flat, busy moving John’s chair far away where he can’t see it.
Then, the screen turns black, and John buries his head on Sherlock’s chest, enveloping him in a hug.
Sherlock isn’t used to making a good first impression, it never happens, only with John, but then again that time Sherlock showed off his best skills, deducing a detail after another, like a chain he couldn’t reach the end of. It never happened with Mary. She liked him before having heard any of his deductions.
Sherlock can clearly hear the exact moment in which John’s voice dies in his throat. He turns around to understand what happened, and he’s met with John’s shocked eyes and slightly ajar mouth.
Look at how he changed you, Sherlock tells himself, still finding it hard to believe that such a good man had wanted to be his friend.
, his mind repeats, wondering when exactly in the last minutes she stopped being the Woman and started being Irene.
She arranges the letters on the Scrabble board to form the word ‘dance’. Sherlock gives her a look that means ‘is this the best you can do?’. Her answer is a look that means ‘shut up, I picked rubbish letters’.
Sherlock blinks, seemingly unable to deduce the reason behind his flatmate’s altered mood. “Experiment. I’m blending these bones to check-“
When she’s back carrying a bowl of chips, he notices her smile has changed again. Friendly, he would describe it now. He can’t help smiling back. She knew all along why he came here.
“I think it’s a good compromise,” Mrs Hudson says, approaching them. “Personally I would love to meet your sister, Sherlock,” she adds, her hand rubbing his upper arm.
Lestrade reads through it quickly. “Sherlock, this is an eulogy,” he points out just a couple of seconds later.
The second time Rosie wakes up it’s early morning, the winter sky is still dark but the city is awake, and so is Sherlock. He jumps up immediately, pulling the duvet back to cover John up just as he’s waking up too.
It’s the first thing Sherlock notices, the moment Mary steps into the lounge of 221B, that something is different. Her hair is styled properly, her clothes are a bit smarter than what is usual for her, the black eyeliner more marked.
“Eurus, what do you need?” he asks softly. He hasn’t spoken actual words to her since they rescued John from the well.
Under his friend’s and landlady’s inquisitive gaze, John slumps in his chair. “You said there will be guards here.”
His heart beats faster in his chest as his eyes follow her around the small room, watching her as she gathers her stuff and approaches the door. He asks her to stay, over and over again, hearing his own voice going from a simple request to something resembling a plead. He can’t get up and go after her, harsh movements still hurt a lot. If she leaves, she’s gone, and it’s an idea he can’t seem to handle, for some reason.
Sherlock shrugs. “Since it’s very likely she won’t have siblings, I thought a dog would be beneficial for her.”
“You’re doing fine, John,” Sherlock kindly replies. “You may just be ready to learn the big finale.”
He shops for groceries. He gets the newspaper. He lets Sherlock borrow his computer, albeit reluctantly. John doesn’t mind the violin, or the body parts in the fridge. Or Sherlock bursting in the bathroom while John’s taking a shower.
John relaxes a little, his lips curling up in a lopsided smile. “Yes I did... I’m sorry it took so long… I-I wasn’t ready.”
“It’s okay,” Sherlock whispers, his hands shaking because of his poor health state or perhaps because of sentiment, as he envelops John in a hug. One hand on John’s nape and the other on John’s shoulder, he feels the quiver of his body as he cries. Sherlock rests his cheek against John’s head, wishing he could pull him even closer. He doesn’t dare, for fear that John would run away.
He sleeps a few hours on Irene’s sofa before sunrise peeks through her curtains and he knows it’s time to get back on the road.
A moment of silence follows. John’s reticence in taking a final decision about his marriage is something Sherlock has a hard time understanding, so he does the only thing he’s proficient in. He deduces.
John wants to have sex. Obviously. John is a sexual man, of course he wants to have sex. One would say Sherlock wants it too, as it is evident by the arousal in his pants that has only flagged a little bit. He opens his eyes to glance down, immediately observing that John is finding himself in the same situation.
He’s afraid for himself, and for John. He needs to protect his friend, all his friends. Mrs Hudson. Even Lestrade, even if he’ll be the one who arrests him.
John leans with a hand against the back of his old chair. “I’ve been an awful friend lately,” he begins, his teeth nervously playing with his lower lip.
Sherlock’s brought back to reality by Molly’s hand covering his own. So small. Her hand is incredibly smaller than his own, even smaller than John’s, with thin fingers, as opposed to John’s thick ones. And it’s warm on Sherlock’s cold one.
The result of this improvised, short experiment is confirmed. Kissing Irene Adler is not disgusting. He blinks again, repeatedly, his mind jumping here and there, pondering on why two similar experiments could have such a different result.
Without any modesty he stands up in all his naked glory, gathering the underwear he’d neatly folded on the chest of drawers, while John covers his eyes with his hand.
“You won’t believe this mate,” Greg says. Mrs Hudson has a grin as large as her face, and Molly gestures for Sherlock to put Rosie down.
When John and Mary arrive at Baker Street, that evening, they laugh at the sight of Sherlock hunched over his microscope with Rosie sitting on his lap and his legs bouncing up and down to keep her entertained.
Mycroft stares at the flames while his brain processes the newly acquired information, and suddenly Sherlock’s close proximity is far from unwanted.
Sherlock takes Rosie out for a walk when she wakes up and she’s a bit grumpy. He wears John’s carrier and talks to her as they walk, deducing people as if she could understand him.
The older man glances at the DVD his brother is holding. “Mamma mia!,” he reads aloud before glancing back at his brother as to ask for further explanation.
Sherlock isn’t aware of the nostalgic smile that has appeared on his face at memory of him and John eating chips in Camden Town, surrounded by young tourists speaking every language of the world. Sherlock would stand still, his gloved hands in his pockets, peering at every single person who would bump into him while walking. John would chat, make comments about some of those people, trying to guess aloud where they were from, interrupting himself from time to time to comment on how delicious the chips were.
And John’s voice, as Sherlock was lying motionless on the pavement, John’s hand reaching for his wrist, hoping to feel a pulse that wouldn’t be there. It suddenly hits Sherlock that that simple touch of John’s hand on his wrist would be the last contact between them for a while.
The only thing Sherlock wonders, in the back of his mind, is why John would say I love you if it’s not the truth, which it isn’t. He cares about Sherlock as a friend, he doesn’t
John Watson is not the kind of bloke who strokes other men’s hair, or hugs them, or who feels protective towards them in general. But Sherlock is different, isn’t he, John asks himself, already knowing the answer. There’s something in Sherlock that sparks John’s affection. It’s just Sherlock.
Sherlock, being the smart man he is, soon starts wondering about the explanation behind this new behaviour, why he never liked physical contact before and suddenly he not only enjoys it, he actively seeks it.
Sherlock blinks repeatedly as they straighten up, and John’s smile is still there, expressing all the love and tenderness he feels for his best man and had locked inside for the longest time.
“Okay, that was for the blog… I think it would look cool for a potential Info section, don’t you think? A tribute to me as well, in case I’m dead… and Sherlock, sorry about that first thing I said, I’ve realised too late how it sounded… I hope you appreciated the way I changed topic.”
“Sher-Sherlock, how… what happened?” John asks softly, forcing himself to put aside the instinctive anger that surged inside him towards whoever did this to his best friend.
“I said you are free to add me at the bottom of the list. If no one else is available, I can perform the task.”
Half an hour later, Lestrade arrives with a case. He sits down on the sofa next to Mrs Hudson, joining the circle as he explains the case to Sherlock. It takes a while for Lestrade to understand the monumentality of what is going on.
“I need some time to think, and I couldn’t stay at home… Honestly, Sherlock, I can’t even look at her right now.”
He’s still pretty much bed ridden, the only thing he can do is text John – without receiving reply, because he’s working – or stare outside the window. Lestrade has texted him a couple of cases that didn’t require his physical presence on the crime scene, but Sherlock solved them in under two minutes. A third case seemed much more intriguing, before Sherlock found out that Lestrade made it up completely just to keep him entertained. He appreciated it. Molly has called him a few times, describing her lab work to him in an attempt to distract him from the hospital room, but it only made him miss his experiments more. Yesterday, Mrs Hudson tried to sneak in his violin before a nurse pointed out it was against the rules, to have a patient play a musical instrument in the hospital.
“I may not love you the way you want me to, Molly Hooper, but that doesn’t mean my words weren’t true… you’re a precious friend, you’ve always stood by my side all these years… when I said I love you, I wasn’t lying.”
He blinks, unable to understand, his heart wrenching in his chest at the sight of tears veiling her eyes.
He feels a little sorry for her, because she cares, she got him a present, and he humiliated her. John wouldn’t do that, John is always nice to the people who care about him, even to Sherlock in his worst moments. John is always nice.
“No, I must have missed it… But wow, the 34 types of soil particles that can be found on the floor of a tube carriage after morning peak time?” she echoes him. “Tell me
Sherlock’s heart is racing in his chest as he walks upstairs and finds Rosie sitting in the middle of the big bed, surrounded by pillows on every side to prevent her from falling. The one she’s emitting is not the kind of cry he remembered, not as messy and desperate, this is somehow quieter, more rational. It’s a big girl’s cry, he thinks with pride.
A low hum escapes John’s throat the second Sherlock nibbles at his lower lip, a sound that somehow goes straight to a part of Sherlock that he wasn’t expecting. His cock twitches with interest in his pants, surprising Sherlock almost enough to distract him.
Any other occasion, and Sherlock would have joked. “Why, I think I will, I want to see her face,” he would have said.
These last two factors in particular contribute to fuelling Sherlock’s doubts. He never felt anything like this before in his life, no other human being ever sparked this kind of interest in him. Back in university, once, he decided he wanted to try and kiss someone, just to experiment the feeling, see what the fuss was all about, deciding to ignore for a while his utter lack of interest towards any activity of that kind. He would have preferred a man, instinctively, but they always avoided him, and the only thing that Sherlock knew about kissing was the requirement of a willing partner. There was, however, this girl in his physics class. He’d caught her staring at him a few times, deduced her interest in him, and he decided she was going to be the one, although he felt absolutely nothing towards her. It sounded like a perfect plan in his head, but the second he pressed his lips against hers, he was overcome with a sense of repulsion. He knew, in that moment, that women were definitely not his area.
Once Greg and Molly have left, and while John helps Mrs Hudson with the dishes, Sherlock and Mycroft put Rosie to bed together.
In the following hours, and days, Sherlock suppresses his own pain to think of John. John that has just lost his wife, and John that won’t talk to him. Sherlock needs to get John to talk, he needs to help John. Sherlock calls, and calls, and calls. No answer.
When Sherlock realises Lestrade did in fact go to the trouble to reach him as soon as possible, he feels a little guilty, just a little. But then again, Sherlock truly is facing an emergency and an insurmountable problem, writing his best man speech.
Mrs Hudson walks towards him and snakes her arm around his shoulders, pulling him closer until he rests his head on her hip.
Sherlock intervenes immediately, without thinking twice, and answers out of instinct: “Yes, she’s my sister.”
Later that night, he ponders on it again, and realises that sacrifices will have to be made in order to achieve the final goal, Magnussen. If he wants Janine to keep dating him for as long as he needs, he will have to meet all the basic requirements that a man his age is expected to meet during the dating process.
“No, no… there’s nothing to be sorry about… it’s fine,” John repeats, wondering if he has repeated the word ‘fine’ too many times. “It’s okay… I just need some time.”
Before Sherlock can reply, John figures out the answer by himself. “She told you to go for it. Of course.”
“Yes, and you should…” Sherlock starts, his finger drawing a circle in front of his own face, “freshen up a bit.”
Sherlock stands there, watching her dissect the latest corpse, a Caucasian, middle-aged man. She’s so focused it takes a while for her to notice that she isn’t alone in the room anymore.
He takes Mary’s hands and he finds himself dancing as if time hasn’t passed. He lets the beat take him back to a time where things were different and he could be happy only dancing to a song, without a care in the world. As Mary makes him spin, as they bump hips and sing some verses aloud in each other’s face, Sherlock wonders if that was really so far from what is happening right now.
