“Steve?” Tony turned to him and raised a hand, shutting his eyes for a second. “Can we just try it? We have no reason not to. And it’ll take some of the responsibility off our shoulders. He’s not solely our concern. We all agreed to take him in until we can put him somewhere else, and it’s time everyone else started pulling their weight.”
“Things were just fine,” Clint said, “stopped a bank robbery on Monday, met up with Thor’s second cousin Friedal on Wednesday and then watched him fall off the roof on Thursday morning— Natasha had a nice chat with the chick that sold the tape of Tony to Justin Hammer, that was funny—”
of being scared, Ty. I’m sick of
Steve snorted, bumping shoulders with her and grinning as he looked out into the parking lot and caught sight of Bucky’s beat-up old car as it pulled in. Everyone sighed in relief, quickly hurrying over whilst still huddled together. Peggy managed to call dibs on the front seat, and then Steve simply sighed as squeezed his skinny ass into the back seat with his three other friends. It was lucky he was so thin- Thor alone took up half the car.
“Good morning beloved,” he responded with ease, tapping the razor against the sink and shutting it off. He was still wearing his pajamas- the pants too low and exposing the wonderful V of his hips that peaked out under his slightly-too-small MIT sweater he’d had for however many years. He looked like he’d had a good night’s sleep, which made a nice change. “I have a wonderfully, beautifully free day today, and so I have decided to spend it in a wise and responsible way, as any Avenger should.”
“I can vouch for Clint, don’t worry,” Steve said, leaning on the counter opposite Tony and smiling. “No explosions.”
He’d just heard his mom again for the first time in about six months. She’d asked for milk.
Tony’s weight in his arms, the tuck of him against Steve’s chest as he’d cradled him on that street, the slack face… it could all have been indicators that Tony was just sleeping. Steve could live in that delusion for a little while, right? He’d just been asleep. Or maybe it was Steve who was asleep, having a horrifically realistic nightmare, and he was going to wake up and Tony was going to be there, and when Steve started to cry, Tony would shush him and rock him and stroke his hands through his hair and tell him everything was okay. That it was all okay. That he wasn’t going anywhere.
. So drop the overprotective parents act, ‘cause otherwise I’m gonna struggle to be civil with you, and I know that will only upset Tony. I want to like you, if only for his sake, but don’t make it difficult for me.”
“What were you saying?” Steve asked, grinning like a smug bastard as he took in Tony’s slack face. He dipped in for a soft kiss, hand winding around Tony’s wrist before snatching the bag out of it with a laugh. “All talk, Stark. That’s what you are.”
Tony smiled. “That’s the problem, sweetheart,” he responded, “I can’t slack off. Not right now.”
There was a sudden light pressure on his arm, and Tony looked down for a moment, watching Steve absently begin to trail a pen across the skin on his forearm. He did that sometimes; when he wasn’t really thinking about it. God knows where he kept the pens in those tight sweatpants of his, but Tony was happy to just let him go for it anyway. The only downside was having to watch them fade away after a few days- Steve’s little drawings were adorable and funny and so very
“Indeed, who would have seen that outcome?”
. You were just another filthy criminal he could put under his belt, maybe give him a good ride before he handed you over on a platter to us. You meant
What he hated most, though, was how even after everything had come to light- even now Tony knew that it hadn’t been Steve, it would never be Steve- he still wondered whether one day it might be. Like the curtains had been pulled back and the floodgates opened, Tony had gotten lost in the thoughts of how much it would take to push the real Steve Rogers to his limit. Make him snap, lash out, hit and scream like the other version had. Tony wasn’t, at his heart, a good man. He pushed and pushed and pushed, it was in his nature, and not only that, but he did it in the most asshole-ish way possible. He could probably turn God himself into a fit of violent rage. Steve, if it ever happened, would be entitled to that. Tony was someone who deserved a punch in the face occasionally.
He smiled, pressing his mouth into Tony’s curls once more before shifting them. “Come on, love, I think that’s enough stargazing for one night.”
Steve, who had tumbled flat-out on the couch as Tony had yanked himself away, fluttered his eyes open, looking at Tony in confusion. “Tony, what’s wrong, are you ok-”
“Fuck yourself,” he says cheerily, and barely even winces when the spoon flies an inch away from his nose in response. He’s grown used to it.
defeated as he’d nodded his head once and agreed.
be fine if Tony left for a little bit, Steve eventually managed to guide Tony into the spacious Jeep he’d picked out for the road. He even turned a blind eye when Tony wrinkled his nose at it—he wasn’t sure whether the guy was even aware they’d
He just wanted things back the way they were.
“Well, see, now I’ve got Polaris on my mind, Steve, how am I supposed to
He did it again, hand jerking a little this time, and Steve just jutted his chin out a fraction and squinted his eyes in question. Eventually, the man rolled his eyes, doing a little spin on one foot and then pointing to himself- hand moving into a thumbs up, then a thumbs down.
“I’m not laughing at your purring-“
It was probably an inappropriate moment to feel the sharp sense of pride on Tony’s behalf- but Steve did anyway. They were too young, too naive to care about anything other than what was in front of them, and Steve was just fine with that. Howard Stark could burn, and Steve would stand at Tony’s side and cheer him through it the entire time if Tony let him.
Peter froze, brow furrowing in confusion. “Wait- what?”
Steve frowned, hands flexing against Tony as he looked up and around the room, as if expecting food to magically appear for them. When it didn’t, he growled again quietly and then, surprisingly, shifted his weight and lowered, placing Tony very very gently onto the floor. Tony looked up at him, and Steve nodded once, his hand pressing firmly into Tony’s chest. “Stay,” he murmured, nuzzling Tony’s head gently once more before straightening up and turning on his heel.
“Wilson, Romanov, Barton, you’re dismissed,” Fury told them sharply, waving a hand at the door. “I need to talk to these two young men.”
"Long as I'm here they won't. I'll probably just walk him home after science cl-" he broke off, eyes widening a fraction. Steve looked at him curiously. Tony had been about to say science club?
Tony just laughed next to him, and Steve turned with a look of betrayal, wiping the droplets of his chin and then flicking them at Tony’s face. In retaliation, Tony dove forward and licked a strip up Steve’s neck and across his jaw, cleaning off any remaining coke, which… you know, was hardly a punishment, so Steve wasn’t going to try and fight back against that one. He just laughed, and then whoopsie, they were making out again.
Tony realised his hands were shaking, and Steve gently squeezed down on them. “You changed our Goddamned lives,” Steve told him, “you gave me a home, showed me what it felt like to not struggle alone. You stay up to watch gardening programs that I know you hate, just because you want to keep me company when I couldn’t sleep. You care about people
Bucky nodded and sighed. “I’ll make it up to you,” he turned to Steve and put on his most sincere face. “I’ll even apologize to Stark. That’s how much I mean it. Everything will work itself out, I’ll make sure of it”
“Yeah. Well, my employer said they had reason to believe that there was shady business going on in there, and wanted me to see if I could find anything. I was only supposed to tail one of the higher-ups for a little, see if he was up to something. But… but the deeper I got, the more I had to know. By the end of the month I was tailing a dozen different guys, tapping phone calls—then I broke in.”
“Hey, I’m not an Angsty Teen!” Peter yelled, but it was muffled as Pops decided to initiate a group hug as he pulled both Peter and Dad into his arms.
“But it takes more, okay, and we both know that I can heal faster-“
Then again, on a purely primal level, Steve was just desperate to get his hands on that and see what the rest of him looked like. There was no doubt in his mind that Tony would look gorgeous underneath him, fingers grasping at the sheets desperately and eyes clenched shut as he gasped-
That had left Steve. With Peter. Alone.
Steve leaned against the counter nearby, folding his arms and smiling in bemusement as he watched Thor rush off into the corner of the room, grab a long pillow from one of the windowsills, and then toss it over to Clint, who caught it easily and then pushed it into a crack in the apparent mound of pillows, blankets and bits of furniture. Peggy was stood on the coffee table, pointing people to places and eating a pack of chips with her spare hand. Then there was Clint and Tony, both on their knees and adding various blankets and pillows to the pyramid. Natasha was nowhere to be seen, but Steve would bet his bottom dollar that he’d find her inside the mound, with a pile of snacks, watching the TV as it played
It was Natasha who eventually knocked at the workshop door. Tony jumped wildly, the fiddly bits he’d been trying to fit together spilling out of his hands and clattering onto the desk with a loud noise that made him wince. His leg was starting to ache- probably because he hadn’t been taking the meds that the doctors had prescribed to him, but whatever. He pressed the entry button on his desk and let the doors slide open, watching her as she walked in. “Hey, Nat.”
In response, Peter screamed harder, his gummy mouth opened wide in displeasure. Tony winced and leaned back against the wall. "Well that's a little rude," he mumbled, feeling the beginnings of a headache start to pierce through his brain. Why were babies
Steve explained it as best he could, while they all sat around him and listened silently. He struggled to remember sections of the night—it had been blurry, disjointed. He knew Tony’s condition though, and he made sure to let them all know that it was okay, and there probably wouldn’t be any lasting damage. Bruce joined them around half-way through, sitting next to Steve quietly and listening to what he said, and Steve made sure to shoot him the most genuine smile he could manage. He knew none of this was easy; not for any of them.
“Well joke’s on you, ‘cause I’m telling the truth. I was totally a scout.”
“Captain,
“Oh no,” Tony said, because he could imagine exactly how that conversation must have gone, and it wasn’t good. There had probably been far more things said than just the dumb plan. Feelings will undoubtedly have been revealed. Possibly a love confession.
Our of nowhere, Rhodey’s words from earlier suddenly echoed in his ears:
And his hands were tied down. He could feel it, now he was coming round and becoming more aware. His hands were tied down and he was in hospital and he could remember—he’d killed them, all of them, and then he’d turned on…
” Steve screamed, looking desperately for something,
“He’s gonna beat you,” Steve hissed as he found Rumlow’s arm, twisting it as far as it could go, “Tony’s smarter and braver and stronger than you could ever be. He’s gonna take your whole organisation down in a h---”
“I don’t think I want to,” Loki told him in his smooth, cutting voice, to which Steve just sighed. Fair enough, he supposed. Not exactly like he was going to be the most pleasant of company.
It went like that for most of the day. To prevent him from accidentally blacking out with pain, the team attempted to clear the whole fucking tower of everything vaguely Iron-Man looking, until he eventually got sick of them holding out their hands before he walked into rooms and just told them to leave it. It had subsided a little since the first time they’d noticed it happening, and now it simply brought on a migraine, which he dealt with at least once every two damned weeks anyway. He could handle it.
and Tony wanted to be in a relationship with him and God, the thought still sent electricity racing down his spine.
settled on making a move at Christmas. A fairly simple, if typically Tony-Stark sort of move. And as nervous as he felt, he’d also been excited for it. Because he was pretty certain Steve’s reaction would be positive. And he’d wanted this for so long.
Steve cursed quietly. “You don’t have t-”
But Steve didn’t move. Just stared at him, his face twisted and angry. “Wow. Guess this is what to expect when you try to date a whore,” he said quietly, chuckling with a complete lack of amusement as he turned his back and then began to walk away. “I’m going to the gym. Just go to bed, Tony. We’ll talk in the morning.”
Shit.
He supposed that was all true. When Tony had said he was leaving, all Steve had been thinking was that people who deserted needed to be punished. And it had… it had all felt
Of course- he’d been forgetting to factor in his day job, and the general life of mayhem and Mad Science that he led. Probably unwise.
This wasn’t the Steve that he knew and loved. This Steve was quiet, he was
“Steve,” Tony sighed, “it was a spontaneous thing, the guy admitted it himself. He saw a shot and he took it. You could never have known.”
But Steve was gazing at him, soft and relieved and with that indiscernible emotion that he previously hadn’t been able to pinpoint, but was now quite clear: adoration. That… how had Tony not noticed that before? Steve didn’t look at anyone else like that. Tony was supposed to be
His thumb brushed over Tony’s contact, debating whether or not to bother. He’d be back from his lecture thingy by that point, and if Steve asked, he was sure Tony would come. But he still felt like he was being a nuisance to the other boy all the same. Tony was always so busy and fast-moving, he had so many things to do. Steve couldn’t help but feel as if he was holding him back sometimes.
They sat there in quiet for a few minutes, shivering in the cold but warmed by one another’s presence as they all huddled together. Tony wanted to say something about how he was glad that he had them, not just in this situation—although God knows he was, they’d saved his life ten times over today—but in general, too. He’d hated Christmas for as long as he’d been alive, but these last few years when it’d been spent with them, he could finally understand what everyone had been going on about when they said that the Christmas period was the best time of the year. Turned out, it was more about who you spent it with than what you did. Who’d have thought?
I have made the tactical decision to make a one-off exception in order to teach you the rules.”
Tony looked up, confused. “What the hell does this mean?”
Tony shot Steve a look, and Steve pressed a finger to his lips. The person below them was breathing a little heavily, like he’d been running, and then they both heard the scrambling of feet as they stepped on top of some sort of furniture.
“We have a rota now?” Steve asked, “where am I on it?”
“Yeah- just don’t touch the big machine in the middle of the room,” Steve gritted out sullenly, “it packs a punch.”
“Steve, I’m pretty sure there’s only one person Tony wants to date, and he’s stood to the right of me.” And Steve almost turned around in search of the mystery guy before his cheeks heated and realized, right, she was talking about him.
“They spat acid all over your face.”
“Oh, Steve- it’s okay,” Tony said softly, dropping on to the bed and pulling Steve in again, “we are all very acutely aware of what PTSD attacks do to a person. I’ve suffered a lot worse from other people and given a lot worse myself. This will heal. It was an accident. You literally did this from hugging me too tightly, babe, that’s really the best way I could imagine getting bruised ribs.”
“I think about you all the time, idiot.”
Thor laughed as he backed off and sauntered away. “Oh, Steve,” he shot back, head turning to look at him for a moment, “I’m not sure he’s stopped worrying about you since the moment you met.”
Tony rolled his eyes and sat up, feeling his neck twitch sorely. A little too old to be sleeping on couches, by this point. “Right- got any ideas on how to get a supersoldier and a mutant-baby into their correct beds without either of them screaming?”
Tony smiled, shutting his eyes and then running his fingers over his own forehead. His ears were still goddamn ringing. "Tomorrow he can sleep with Clint," he muttered, "he's the prime suspect anyway, don't see why we should get lugged with the crying."
“Steve?” Tony asked, head tilting a little as one hand pushed his hair back, “you okay?”
Hotel and cab booked, tickets sorted, overnight bag packed. He was ready to go at a moment’s notice. He’d even pre-written his letter of apology to the others, in case he didn’t have time to say goodbye.
He huffed and shuffled closer, picking up the fork and trying not to think about the future, just for once. Just for Peter. “Right little man. Shall we try again?”
for a second. “Why didn’t you tell anyone? We could have… helped.”
He turned and looked at the other man hopefully, but rather than return the warm look, Steve’s face fell further, glaring daggers at him. “I’m not joking, Tony,” he said quietly as he shoved his toothbrush back down and then turned away from Tony, “stop talking about it.”
“Right,” Tony kept his eyes fixed firmly to the bike as he jumped on and started the engine, “let’s get you home before your friends bring the police to my door, shall we?”
“-Do what?”
is what Peggy would always tease him with, eyebrows wiggling as she gestured rudely to her crotch.
Another hand on his shoulder- this one not as soft as Thor’s, but with the added bonus of a stroking motion, so Steve just shut his eyes and let it ground him. “You got a friend you wanna call?”
“If you were about to tell me you’re ‘not good enough for that’, or anything along those lines, I’m going to throw myself right back out of that window,” Tony jerked his head to the left, crossed legs bumping Steve’s when he moved. He shook his head again, sighing and knocking his forehead gently against Steve’s as he glanced downward and then closed his eyes. “Sweetheart, I promise, I
“No. You didn’t. You think you did, because HYDRA’s messed with your perception of what’s real and what’s not. It’s mixing you up, giving you false memories. You’re still coming off whatever it was they pumped you with.”
Thor blinked, somewhat taken aback. “Well… yeah,” he said with a shrug, “you and Steve are, y’know…”
“Honey,” he began easily,  “you haven’t happened to have maybe,
And yet Thor seemed to like that, for some reason. So did Tony. And, well, so did all his other friends, he guessed.
Steve did
take a look at my kofi (itsallavengers) to find out how to get the next chapter!
“DON’T!” Everyone else in the room suddenly screamed, and Tony jolted in surprise, stumbling back a few steps as he lost his balance.
In the end, they just managed to make it. Tony threw himself on to the bed underneath him (Natasha’s- let’s hope she hadn’t been caught yet too) and Steve followed, shutting and locking the vent just as Clint’s hands reached out to where he had been seconds before.
Steve gave him a small salute, stepping backward. “Piece of cake,” he promised confidently as he reached the door.
“Get fucked, Zeke,” Tony waved, stooping low to collect the bag and rolls of paper he’d dropped by the corner. When he straightened his back up again, he jerked his head down the corridor before looking back at Steve. “You’re getting a lift back home with me,” he muttered.
Steve was half inclined to disagree- to let him stay and see if he was half as big as he thought he was- but as soon as he opened his mouth Tony glared at him fiercely, and so Steve shut his mouth with a small click and a heavy breath.
Tony checked his watch. “They probably won’t be able to come right now, it’s too late,” he said, “we’ll ring in the morning. That alright with everyone?”
“It didn’t,” Tony reassured him gently, nudging his head upward and bumping it into Steve’s chin a little, “and I know that you must have been scared. I know I would have been too. I’ll do my best to call ahead in future if something like that happens. But you know the nature of our jobs, Steve. I can’t promise you that I’m going to be safe-“
Steve, in response, just rolled his eyes and then nudged Thor in the ribs. “If you hadn’t noticed, so are you,” he told the other boy firmly, “you don’t need to burn yourself out to make other people feel better, Thor. I’m your friend. And I’ll still be your friend when you’re not feeling like yourself, too.”
, and Tony couldn’t fucking bear it.
“Steve.” Tony grabbed his shoulders and pulled him back so they were facing each other. “The police won’t listen to you. You have no evidence. And you’re in no state to go back out there and get it. You leave now, and they’ll hunt you down.”
Steve glanced over to Bucky, and his eyes were rolling, but when they focused back on Steve, he looked uncharacteristically soft. A hand brushed playfully through his hair, before stopping at the back of his neck. “You sure about that?” Bucky asked him lightly, raising an eyebrow. Double checking. Always looking out, just in case.
“You…
“Why’s that bad?” Steve asked him desperately, wiping at a trickle of blood before it could get in Tony’s eye. Head wounds always look worse than they are, he told himself sternly, forcing himself to breathe. Tony couldn’t afford for Steve to lose his cool right now.
She hummed her agreement and then leaned down, kissing his forehead and staining the area red as always. He felt her brush at it lightly with a finger. “I’m sure you’ll bring Tony ‘round,” she said with a smile, “he seems pretty smitten with you, if what you’ve told me is anything to go by. And you’ve still got his jacket. That’s already a nice little excuse wrapped up in a bow. Just throw him a smile and he’ll fall right back to your feet, I promise,” she grinned and he shook his head fondly, giving her a shove.
After going back to bed and then spending an hour or so lazily making love to one another, they’d whiled away a good few hours afterward simply lounging around in their room, watching episode after episode of New Girl (Tony’s choice, not Steve’s) and curled into one another. He could count the amount of times they’d been able to sleep in late together on one hand, and so Steve let himself revel in the simplicity of it; let his arms lay across Tony’s body in a comforting embrace and his head dip low, relearning all the parts of Tony that he’d been remiss about- the parts his mouth never usually touched. Tony always laughed at him when he did it; when he rolled Tony over so he was lying on his stomach and then traced each bump of the other man’s spine with his lips. It was simple, but it felt intimate. Steve loved learning and relearning him. It felt like a ritual that wouldn’t ever get old.
Barely even a second later, Tony had pushed open the door, crossed the room and then slid easily onto the bed alongside Steve, wary of the injuries to his left flank. Steve blinked in surprise- more rapid than he’d been expecting, that was for sure.
that Steve would never do it. Not in a million years.
Tony felt like he was dreaming. Like he was floating on a level of euphoria that anyone else had yet to reach.
. It’d been a long day. He wanted to sleep.
fucking fault you’re in this mess in the first place. I think beating the crap out of Ty is the least I could do for you, considering I’ve just ruined your entire life—”
“I’m not feeling it tonight, babe,” he admittedly quietly, “really tired.”
“Alright, I’m gonna have to step in here-“ and Steve turned, watching in surprise as suddenly Bucky stormed back into the room, slamming open the door dramatically as he entered.
Tony turned back around and looked at Ty. “Okay,” he said quietly, “okay, I guess I- I know what I want.”
Yeah- four days was far too long.
“Finding him.” Tony waved a hand, always moving, always working. “Finding Barnes. I have resources that could be helpful. Surveillance. Contacts and the like. You could use ‘em.”
“And you’re very attractive right now,” Tony raised his eyebrows and then got to his knees by Steve’s head, resting his forearms against the rim of the bathtub. Steve rolled his neck sideways and looked at him, tired and fond as he tapped his finger wordlessly to his mouth. Tony, the ever-loving boyfriend he was, complied and kissed Steve in greeting. “Always nice to come home to a naked and soaking-wet Captain America.”
Tony made as if to grab it, but then gave up halfway through. He settled for just looking shifty. “It’s… kind of interesting,” he admitted, before adding defensively “there’s nothing wrong with that. I’m not- you can’t tell anyone anyway, they won’t believe you, so there’s not much point.”
“I... I thought it was Italian,” Steve said mostly to himself, hands curled around the strap of his bag as he watched the kid jump up the stairs three at a time.
Steve broke.
Steve just shrugged irritably. “I’m good at improvising- now can you
Tony’s eyes widened a little, and he rolled the words over his lips faintly a few times before asking, “really?”
Steve heard a gunshot firing.
Steve ducked his chin a little, trying to follow the broken fragments of what Troy/Chad/Jace had been trying to say. “You’re apologising?”
Bruce came in later and explained things more clearly to him. Apparently the physical contact between Steve and the transmitter before it had been disconnected had forced a link between the two of them. The frequencies were designed to emphasise certain emotions and characteristics and inhibit others, making what the alien race had thought was the ‘perfect soldier’. Violence. Manipulation and emotional indifference. Lack of empathy. A strong pack mentality. Increased sex drive. Territorial behaviour. They were all things that Steve would have been experiencing too, as the last remaining person linked with that terrible machine.
“They’re going to take him away,” Tony mumbled, feeling himself edge dangerously close to hysterical as he looked blankly at Natasha, then Steve, shaking his head minutely, “they’re going to take him and do... and we can’t… we can’t—”
A small laugh. “Well. Guess I don’t have a choice now, do I?”
“Can you wait a few minutes for Thor to get here?” Bruce asked, and Steve glanced up at him, “I know that the connection’s been broken—I just – I can’t take any chances, Steve. We already failed to help him the first time around. I… I can’t let it happen again.” Bruce’s face was tight and the guilt in his expression was obvious- Steve supposed they were all blaming themselves too, to some extent. For not noticing. For letting the signs slip under their radars, because they were
It was probably in his head though. Most of the time, everything was fine. Steve still kissed him, still held him during movie nights. He told Tony he loved him every night before he went to bed and ran his fingers through Tony’s hair while they both sat at the breakfast table. Most times, things were just as easy as ever.
alien hypnosis, Tony, that’s where we could’ve—”
“I’m guessing it was a sonic blast- looked like it came from the top of the ship. The whole airstrip is probably in pieces after that,” Tony replied, hurrying forward and following Bucky as he made his way down the hall again, “it should be fairly easy to dismantle, though. They’ll have to be firing it from the ship they came from; there’s no way to get a blast that big from anything smaller than that. All it’ll take is for me to hop up and pull some wires out.”
“just not any more,” Tony finished for him, nodding tightly and missing out the ‘and just not with me.’
Tony wanted Steve.
Tony just shrugged, walking over to where Steve was sat on the bed and slotting himself between his knees. “Eh, that was pushing it anyway.”
“I thought you said he ran out of time?”
He settled Peter onto the towel and then smiled down at him, grabbing a corner of the towel and curling it over the little boy’s body, giving him a rub. It made Peter’s legs start kicking again, and he grabbed them with the tips of his podgy fingers, smiling up at Steve. “You like that, huh?” Steve asked quietly, and Tony bit his lip to stop himself from actively swooning over the cuteness of it all. Peter was small, but when compared to Steve, the kid was positively minuscule, his whole head spanning nothing more than the width of Steve’s hand. But Steve was gentle, so very gentle as he tucked his finger under Peter’s chin and then crooked a finger, tickling him lightly. When Peter squirmed and giggled again, Steve’s whole face lit up.
Steve just shrugged, following behind him. “Curious, more than scared.”
“Hi,” Steve said over Thor’s body, trying to keep on his feet as Thor steered them over to the table, “how did you end up in this situation, then?”
It wasn’t angry, as such- more confusion and mild annoyance, but Tony’s head sunk lower and Steve heard the cursing increase. “I should- I should go, wow, I’m so sorry Steve, I didn’t mean to, to cause a scene, I was just… oh God, I’m so fucking sorry-“
how Tony could be so achingly beautiful, no matter what environment you put him in. Dirt and grease and no sleep for however Goddamn long, and yet still Steve couldn’t take his eyes off him.
But the boy just looked mildly surprised. He shrugged after his initial pause, looking out of the window. "I guess you're right," came his softer response.
He looked left, and his heart sped up a few paces as he spotted Steve, also fast asleep, his head tilted back against the cushions as one arm laid gently against Peter’s back. The boy was splayed out like a starfish across Steve’s vast chest, eyes shut and dreaming peacefully.
We should probably talk. Otherwise known as ‘we need to talk’, otherwise known as the number one way to break up with someone. Tony sagged against the counter. He wanted to say yes, but he wasn’t sure the word would even come out whole. So he just hummed his agreement, giving it a few seconds before adding, “That’s fine, yeah.”
mention it. Or imply I’d ever be serious with another boy. That- if he knew about
Tony caught it wordlessly, swallowing as he stared down at Steve and watched him with his stupid dumb eyes. His mouth opened as if to talk, but nothing came out. He just looked sad again.
back when he walked through the corridors. Sometimes Tony would say hi, and Steve would say it back warily, keeping a hand tight around his backpack as he watched where Tony’s beautifully hazel eyes went, and whether they were plotting anything.
“No, wait, I didn’t mean it like that,” he said quickly, grabbing Tony’s forearm desperately, “I was just… God, I just need to leave for a week. Okay?”
They both laughed, and then turned to greet Sam’s mom as she walked through the doors, looking harried as always as she fitted on her earrings and popped a piece of toast into her mouth. Always in a rush, was Mrs Wilson. Steve couldn’t help but feel bad- he just wished he could do more to help them out. They’d done so much for him, after all, it felt like he was just sat there taking and taking and taking.
And then they were gone.
Steve pulled an apologetic face before he slowly pulled away and stood up from the couch. He shot Tony one last smile, and Tony gave him a little wave as he shut the door behind him and followed Thor out to his car. The both of them were quiet- uncharacteristically so. They were shaken by the events of the last 24 hours, and it had taken a toll. Steve was exhausted, and he figured Thor wasn’t faring much better either. Coffee could only do so much, after all.
he’d gotten his date. Hell, he’d even had a confession of love thrown in there.
Rumlow paused for another minute, debating whether or not to ignore the order. A second later though, and with an audible growl, he released Tony’s face from his grip and then marched over to the door, yanking it open violently. Steve also opened his door, stepping out into the corridor just as Rumlow marched out and saw him. His face was twisted angrily, and he didn’t waste time before getting right up in Steve’s face.
Steve did everything Tony needed of him. Undressed him, grabbed his toothbrush from the shelf, helped him into bed. All of it in silence. All of it with minimal eye contact. Steve’ smiles were real, but they were the ones he made when he was close to breaking point, and it sent a flare of worry up Tony’s spine. He opened his mouth to try and ask, before shutting it abruptly. Steve probably wouldn’t want him to interfere. He got mad when Tony got nosy about that stuff, Tony knew from experience. Which was… not really a valid reason for him to not ask, obviously- said ‘experience’ had been with a Steve that wasn’t even really Steve- but whenever he tried to just get out the
Steve ran the faucet for a few seconds and then wandered back through the en suite, his eyes on Tony. He looked… soft. And it was rare, to get him like this. So totally unguarded, naked in every sense of the word. But right now, that was what he was, and he didn’t even seem to care, all loose-limbed and soft-haired and flushed as he smiled across to Tony. “Whadd’ya lookin’ at?”
“Tony,”
“Yes, Captain Rogers?” The AI was soft and gentle, and his voice was layered with its own kind of grief. Steve did not doubt for a second that JARVIS was in whatever kind of pain that an artificial intelligence was capable of feeling.
“Of course you can,” Tony said, and all Steve could think was
Steve wrapped his sketchbook delicately and then took the sweater, a little dumbfounded. His dancer was staring down at him in concern, toes wiggling from the cold. “Jesus Fucking Christ, it’s freezing out here, art-boy, how do you do this every Friday?”
He glanced nervously over to the other man. Steve still hadn’t met his eyes yet.
Home.
Tony whined in dismay as Steve let him go, and let himself sink back into the pillows to watch Steve as he lifted his hand and opened up his palm, dragging the chain he was holding around Tony’s neck and then letting it fall- landing right on the centre of the arc reactor.
Tony paused, breaking off and pulling away just a fraction. His eyes fluttered open and he looked down at Steve for all of one second before breaking out into a loud snorting laughter, dropping his head onto Steve’s shoulder as he giggled like a five-year-old.
“If you say one more word, Bucky, I will fucking kill you,” Steve snarled angrily, and Bucky looked at him with a grim face, but Steve was
, I’ve been hurting him, I remember-
“Certainly, Sir,” JARVIS responded easily, and by the time he and Peter arrived in the bathroom, bubbly water was already starting to fill up the bath. Tony placed Peter down on the bath mat and then hastily cleared away his stray bits of shaving equipment, lest the little terror got his hands on a razor-blade. During his short stay, they’d all pretty much worked out that any available object within touching distance was fair game to Peter, and anything that could feasibly fit would most likely end up in his mouth. He watched Peter out of the corner of his eyes as he cleaned it all away, smirking when the boy simply looked down at the mat in fascination, fingers trailing over the little bobbles. He was a cute kid; Tony dare even say cuter than average- the boy’s eyes were totally enrapturing, huge and as blue as the sky up above, and the hair atop his head was fluffy and soft, emanating that Unique Baby Smell that Tony could just bury his face in and smell for days.
His fingers curled around the door handle and he pushed it open gently, hearing Thor step close to his side. Then he slipped into the room and, for the first time since it’d happened, Steve looked at Tony. At the man he loved more than anyone and anything else in the whole world.
“A week after mom died I nearly got Peggy killed,” he said simply, trying to avoid the way that still made him feel sick, even to this day, “we were arguing and I wasn’t- I wasn’t myself, and I wasn’t thinking straight, and she tried to take my hand but I shoved her off me, right off the curb and onto the road.” He kept himself still and tried not to flinch at his own words, still remembering the sudden spike of complete rage that had caused him to shove her off him. “I wasn’t intending on it. I didn’t aim to push her there. But I did, and it happened, and luckily there were no cars coming to kill her. But I still did it. And afterward, when she looked at me, you know what I did?” He chuckled humourlessly. “I turned my back and walked off. It was a good few hours later before I snapped out of it and realised what I’d done.”
“Peter had never experienced what it felt like to be loved before us,” Steve told him eventually, voice shaking just a touch, “you watched those videos right along with me. You saw what he went through. He had never had someone hold him, or sing to him, or smile at him. He went through the first critical stages of his life entirely uncared for.”
Steve rolled his eyes, plucking the cigarette from Tony’s fingers and trying not to wince as a mound of rubble landed somewhere close to them, making the ground quake and the air ripple. “Back in the forties, they used to think smoking cured asthma, you know.”
“Steve,” Tony turned and pulled his face close, kissing him softly before rubbing a thumb across the ridge of his cheek, “you know how to control yourself. I wouldn’t let you close to him if I didn’t think you were safe. All you have to do is grab some water and run it through his hair, alright? I’ll make it doesn’t go in his eyes.” He leaned down and cupped the side of his hand over Peter’s forehead again, waiting for Steve to pour the water this time.
Steve tried to broach the subject of what had happened a few times, if only to clear the stifling weight in the room between them, but Tony never wanted to talk about it, and Steve refused to push him. So instead, they sat, and Tony just rambled, and Steve just tried his best to smile. They hadn’t touched one another since Steve had arrived in the hospital, and Steve felt cold down to his very bones. Most days, there was at least one Avenger in the room with him too. Steve had learned their rota: Natasha, Clint, Thor, Bruce. They came in and pretended as if everything was normal, but Steve didn’t fail to notice the way Natasha watched his hands. The way Thor tensed up every time Steve stood up.
“i thought it was real. I did, and I…” Steve stumbled over the words, quiet and frantic and pleading, apparently finally realising his mistake.
He stepped back a few paces, braced to run, and then flung the lighter onto the open tanks of fuel.
“Five minutes.”
“Thor is available. Shall I issue a mild threat?”
was the one being ridiculous. “I can’t do that,” Steve said incredulously, “you can’t… you can’t want me in your home after everyth—”
That still haunted him.
“Yeah,” Steve responded shortly, folding his arms, “he was in a bad way. I wasn’t…
Tony gently lifted his own hand, feeling along the now-bandaged cut and pulling a face. “Still can’t really see you, but m’sure s’nothing to worry ‘bout.” He leaned int Steve’s touch, face falling as he looked Steve up and down. His body screamed exhaustion and vulnerability; it was leaking out of him like someone had poked holes straight through his masks, spilling through those huge eyes, obvious in the way he was curled inward, arms tucked around his midsection as if he still wasn’t safe. Steve wasn’t sure he’d ever seen Tony look his age, but now, he seemed even younger. “I’m sorry you had to… for everythin’. I’m sorry you had to come see me like this—”
Bruce sighed. “Same as you. He set his sights on me as I passed down the corridor and then decided to take me for a ride. Which I actually don’t
And yeah. That Steve would have the bastard right where he wanted him. Totally.
Tony’s hand slid over the place where his collar lay, and he looked slightly mortified. “I don’t- I don't blush, Rogers, what are you talking about?”
he’d heard her say that to him many times, before. He knows she asked for it there just for his benefit. There was more to it, though- more to the saying she’d whispered to him on his bad days, when he’d been too sick to stand and too sad to care.
“Oh, Peter,” Pops said sadly, turning himself a little and bending down to scoop him up into his arms, holding tightly as Peter bit on his lip and tried not to cry.
Tony looked at him wryly, tongue brushing over his bottom lip absently as he flicked his hair back out of his eyes and then turned to face Steve a little more obviously. “What makes you think my night was ruined? I love ferrying confrontational blondes around New York when they’re too drunk to stand on their own two feet.”
“They can’t have gotten far!” Clint argued, “did you see Tony? They had to practically drag him away!”
“Steve,” this time it was Thor’s voice, low and serious as he rested his hand on Steve’s shoulder, “if we take him to the hospital, it won’t take long for word to get out. And right now, when Tony’s in this state and we don’t have a plan of action against Howard, it’ll give the bastard a head start that could ruin any chance Tony has of coming out as the victim here. You don’t understand how much power that man holds. Bad press could ruin him.”
“Hey Tony,” he said casually, walking over to him with a smile, “I’m actually pretty late, I can’t stay long-“ he broke off, getting a little closer than perhaps necessary as he stared up at Tony and smiled.
He had to be. Anything else just wasn’t worth thinking about.
“Actually, I went and smashed his fucking face into a wall,” Steve corrected him bluntly, “not much talking went on.”
“Are you saying I’m luring you down here to murder you?”
“Scanning now,” the AI responded, before a second later, “one life-form detected in sub-level 5.”
But when he remembered what the man had said about Tony…
So he sat. He let himself watch Tony breathe, traced all the yellowing bruises that marred his face. The usual mantras started back up in his head, the same way they always did
Steve just scowled. He hadn’t slept for the two days Tony had been away- too busy worrying after Peter- and the noise that those tiny lungs were managing to produce was pushing him close to tears. He didn’t have the energy to snap a sarcastic reply at Tony right now.
He smiled down at Steve, letting his fingers run through the strands of blond hair. It was a little long, but Tony liked it like that. It was cute.
As it turned out, it hadn’t been terrorists responsible. No robots or evil monsters crawled out of the alleys immediately afterward, signalling the beginning of a fight. It had just been a man, driven mad by his grief. He had seen Tony walking down the street and he had taken a shot. For Rachael, he’d said. That had been his wife. She’d died of cancer.
“Anyway,” Tony said eventually, laughing, “sorry, I’ve been talking for a million years. You really should just tape my mouth shut one day, I swear to God.”
He broke off again when the words failed him, just shaking his head and burying it further into Tony’s shoulder as he cried. His mom’s voice was calm and visceral in his ears- she’d always sounded so goddam
Steve felt something twist uncomfortably in his gut, and he pursed his lips. “I get it,” he said softly “don’t worry Tony. Honestly. I- I mean, it was… I can see your reasoning, that’s all.”
“Steve…” Clint sighed heavily, “this is just our life, man. It’s fucked up. But I can’t promise you that I’m gonna fucking kill if you hurt him again, that’s not just something you can ask me to do. You’re not thinking straight right now, okay, but it’s going to get better. Just give it time to heal.”
“I’ll tell you one day. I will. I swear,” Tony promises, shutting his eyes and feeling Steve’s arms wrap around his waist a little tighter.
Steve huffed a little, jumping back up onto the desk. “Well,” he said evenly, leaning back a little, “at least you’re honest. My social codes aren’t exactly the best either, so I wouldn’t worry too much. And, uh, if I
, and they wouldn’t be getting back until the 4
Behind him, he heard Tony’s footsteps as they shuffled into step with him. “I can’t believe we’ve been dating for less than a day and you’re already hurling insults at me. How upsetting.”
“Tony, that’s... God, that's
“Don’t see how that’s any of your business, actually, now can you get out of my way?” Steve asked, voice hard, and he pushed forward, knocking Ty’s shoulder as he went, uncaring of whether or not he was polite any more. He wasn’t going to let some stranger push him around just because he thought he owned the fucking place, thank you very much-
Steve, having listened to the whole story, nodded solemnly. "I'm betting good money they won't be doing that again, though," he added helpfully, and Tony laughed sharply.
No one noticed the way Steve’s eyes were a little unfocused for the rest of the trip.
to, of course… but I think you should take that opportunity.” He tucked a loose strand of Tony’s hair behind his ear and swallowed. “You need a break, Tony. This is killing you. I won’t force you into anything—but nothing terrible is going to happy if you miss a few days, you know?”
“No?”
“Tell me you need me.”
“Steve,” he turned his head back to the speaker of his name quickly, already feeling the blush crawling up his cheeks. Tony had turned to look back up at him, and Steve noted the way his eyes had widened a little. He looked surprised. A little…
Tony frowned for a moment, wondering whether that was a general question, but then he remembered that Peter had been in Thor’s room for the night, and so undoubtedly this strange trance-like state Thor was in now was a result of the trauma that one could only endure after dealing with a cranky baby for longer than three hours.
He caught eyes with Zeke as he passed by the window, staring uncaringly up at the guy with folded arms. Next to Zeke was Ty and another boy that Steve didn’t recognize, and they all slowed down for a moment, looking at him intently.
“Well, you thought wrong.” Steve leaned forward, elbows digging into his knees as he looked down at Tony, still sat stubbornly on the floor and inspecting some soldering. “He’s not been calm since about 5 this morning, apparently. Thor says he missed us. Which brings me to my next question: why did Thor have to call
Steve nodded wordlessly, starting to walk off in the direction of their quarters once more. His whole body was stiff and tense, clearly unhappy with the situation. Tony couldn't help but feel a little
Bucky yelled for mercy and called on Steve for aid. He glanced sideways, watching Peggy dig in under his armpits and tickle mercilessly as he lay flailing on the floor.
time!” Steve spluttered, cheeks turning red as he looked at Thor, who simply stared in amused surprise, “Bucky dared me and I was broke. That’s capitalism’s fault, not mine.”
Peggy, because she was at the best angle, spotted him first. Her face broke into a smile, and she waved. “Just in time, Steve!” She said, “we’ve nearly finished construction.
“Mornin’,” Steve mumbled as he dipped his head low and then pressed his mouth against Tony’s neck, beginning to press little kisses into the soft skin there. He felt Tony stir underneath him, his hands moving as they reached for Steve’s broad shoulders.
This was new. Scary.
“Look, it wasn’t-“
his mind working, see him learning, figuring out perspectives and spatial coordination and distances. It was… incredible, in a simplistic way. Tony almost felt awed.
And Tony wasn’t stupid. He knew Unhumans themselves would never be able to get the sort of reach that someone like Tony could. And, seeing as most Baseliners still didn’t trust Unhumans, it was leaving a gaping hole in education that no one was filling. Sure, Tony had seen a few websites and organizations that were on the same lines as him, but they hadn’t seemed to gain very much traction.
“-Fuck, I’m back, you haven’t moved have you? Oh good, okay, so it wasn’t a dream-“ Steve shut his mouth rapidly as he swung his head over to the entrance, watching Tony hurtle down the stairs in faded grey jeans and-
“Yeah, yeah, sure,” Steve huffed and then poked him in the forehead, pushing him away with a half-hidden smile. “Just tell me why you climbed up my drainpipe at 12 at night, Tony.”
Steve squeezed down on the gauntlet and copied the thoughts, amplified them between himself and Tony, Light exploded around them, a white so bright that Steve could see nothing apart from it, and he screamed in an agony he couldn’t even describe, thinking about Maria and Tony and their boat on the lake, and how they’d be able to go there soon, if this didn’t work out.
It was three more days until Steve saw Tony next.
But Tony didn’t get a choice, and there was absolutely no part of Steve that had wanted to push him toward outing himself to anyone, so eventually Tony had admitted defeat on that front, and his other friends had remained oblivious to Tony’s relationship with Steve. Which was for the best. And now at least Steve knew the reasons behind Tony’s occasionally weird behaviour.
There was a short silence at that, and then Tony coughed, lowering his voice a few octaves. “I can be moody, if you want,” he said, a hint of petulance in his voice, “I’m great at moody. I’m mostly always moody- you’ve seen me at school.”
“Yeah, that’s what they all say,” Clint muttered mutinously under Steve’s feet, “’nd then you end up waitin’ for ‘em in the park only t’ see ‘em ten minutes later with some other guy, laughin’ away-“
“Goodnight, my love,” Tony’s voice whispered to him in his sleep.
“I… I got mugged,” Steve shut his eyes and then winced when the cotton swab Tony had been working over his cut hit a particularly sore spot, “sorry. I’m okay, though. I’ll be heading back to Nat’s in a little while.”
“Fine,” he muttered, dropping his gaze, “fine, just… sit back on the couch, Tony, I’m not going anywhere.”
It wasn’t even a full minute before all their clothes were strewn messily over the bed, Tony pressed into the mattress as Steve lay on top of him, skin to skin, mouth to mouth. It felt heavenly; Tony’s hot skin pressing up against Steve’s deliciously cool body, keeping things from getting sticky or uncomfortable. Steve knew what he was doing, he knew how to make it all seem easy, keeping Tony laughing and relaxed and pliant through it all, up until the laughter turned to gasps because
Steve gaped, looking at his book and then realizing that Tony was infuriatingly correct. “Shut up,” he muttered, pushing him in the shoulder and then grabbing his hand before he could tumble off his seat, “and sit on four legs. Chairs are designed like that for a reason.”
It appeared to do the trick, because the man laughed and then walked forward again, hands coming up to the glass as he breathed onto it.
“Yeah, I’m fine, don’t worry.” He sounded okay- maybe a little out of breath, but that was it. “Can you open your window?”
Eventually- what could have been five minutes or an hour later, Steve wasn’t too sure- Tony pulled up at the foot of Sam’s house and cut the engine. His foot stepped out, kicking the brake into place, and slid off gracefully. Steve attempted to follow, but the helmet obstructed his view and the seat was actually surprisingly high up, which meant he lost his footing about half way down. Yelping, he fell sideways, just grateful for the fact that he still had the helmet on for when he inevitably hit the tarmac-
. It wasn’t fair, and it wasn’t pleasant, but whatever feelings Steve had on the matter weren’t important. Tony had become someone Steve no longer knew. He couldn’t stand by and let him get away with this.
“Sure about that, Rogers?”
when it came to keeping their goddamn room clean.
Steve grinned, using his spare hand to link through with Tony’s and squeeze their fingers together. “Sounds like a plan,” he said, “although I’m not sure Peter’s gonna appreciate it much.” He nodded down at the boy now tucked into his arms, limp and beginning to drift off against Steve’s warm chest.
He turned and walked away to the sound of his friends making various noises behind him and attempted not to snort in amusement. He was definitely not going to give them the satisfaction of that. Although he had to admit- it was nice to have them around, treating him like they always did, like nothing was wrong. It was probably not going to last, but… for now. It was just nice to pretend everything was okay.
Steve’s breath paused, and he lifted his head up from Tony’s shoulder questioningly. When Tony looked down at him, there was the tiniest little smile back on his face. “Oh, don’t look at me like you’ve no idea what I’m talking about Steve, you dramatic little-“
Tony looked up at Steve, unimpressed. “Not helping. I’m actually trying to stop him getting into
The group was fairly small- only Ty, Zeke and two others that Steve didn’t know the name of and didn’t care for either. But the rest of the kids who were loitering in the halls still smelt the potential for an altercation anyway, because suddenly everything seemed to get a bit quiet, and eyes began to turn in their direction. Steve, for the record, didn’t look away from Ty.
And of course, every time, Tony rejoiced in setting fire to the letter they all signed and sent to him, and then going out on a very public date with Steve the next day. He really did wonder why they still bothered.
“How are you… how are you feeling,” Steve asked, his voice hoarse. He refused to acknowledge what Tony had said. None of this, here, was about how he was feeling. It was about Tony. “Are you. Are you doing okay?”
“Steve—”
As it turned out, not that much was the answer.
Tony stared down at it for a few seconds before smiling widely and turning up to Steve. “You had fun, then,” he said through his grin as he leaned in.
Someone threw a paper ball at the back of his head and he turned irritably, about to point a very unamused face in the perpetrator’s direction before spotting Carol grinning at him from the other end of the class. How she’d managed to make that shot, he didn’t know.
Shaking his head softly, he focused back on the matter at hand, thinking through possibilities as they drove over to SHIELD headquarters. Would it be an extraction? A raid? Steve specialised in hand-to-hand, so it was probably not going to be anything covert, but you never knew. Spending time with SHIELD agents like Natasha Romanov had rubbed some things off on him, so maybe they thought he was capable enough now.
“One day, friend,” Thor sighed happily, eyes glazing over as he began to daydream, “one day he’ll make me angry when he’s near a trash can, and I will fulfill the lifelong dream of throwing him into the garbage where he belongs.”
He held onto that hope and let it burn through him as he stood in Wakanda and faced off with Thanos’ army. Now that they were staring into the eye of the tiger, Steve felt something settle under his gut and pull taut, sending his back straighter and his jaw tighter. He realised it was understanding. Knowledge that it was really, really unlikely he was going to be getting out of this alive. If Thanos was anything like what Bruce had been saying, then maybe not even the Avengers could hold them back. Maybe this was it.
He tried to make his mouth move into an ‘I love you’, but he wasn’t even sure whether he did that right. Somewhere in his periphery, he saw Thanos lean down, pick up the gauntlet, and then everything went dark.
“Nothin’,” he murmured, kissing behind Tony’s ear, “jus’ love you.”
God, he really needed to learn how to get better at letting people in.
Thor’s place was massive. It was incredibly stylish, too; full of grand oak furniture and open-plan space. There was a huge fireplace on the back wall, and an even larger TV that stood tall in the middle of a bundle of soft couches and chairs. That was where all his friends were- although they didn’t appear to be sitting on them like normal folk tended to.
Every day, Steve wished that he’d done things differently. Wished that he’d just had the fucking sense to say something. In hindsight, he knew that Tony wouldn’t have stopped searching for Bucky. Or, at the very least, he wouldn’t have stopped Steve from searching. Tony was a hero and a good man, and it would have hurt him, but not nearly as much as it had from finding out in the way that he had.
Steve made a noise of discontent into Tony’s hair as Peter started to babble and bang his rattle in the cot, and Tony was quick to follow, blinking awake with a look of mild disgust on his face as his gaze fell upon the time. “I hate mornings,” he said dejectedly, sinking back into Steve’s arms, “how long do you think it’ll be before he starts crying?”
Steve looked at him, and he could see… he could see from the way Tony had gone tense just by the way Steve had snapped at him, the way his hand was bunched into the sheet by his side, that Tony was lying. He didn’t trust Steve. Not really.
Tony paused, and then shrugged. His own cone was already nearly gone- he must have been hungry. “Wasn’t in the mood to go to school. Been wandering around, y’know.”
Steve felt himself blush as the embarrassment began to mount. He wasn’t… quite sure what that had just been, now he was thinking about it. “I was just - confirming something,” he said weakly.
“As long as it doesn’t involve excessive amounts of peril, I’m good. Medium amounts of peril are fine, though. Also no nudity on Clint’s part.”
But whoever it was didn’t really matter. What mattered was that they’d done enough digging into his past to find someone who’d apparently kept some rather incriminating footage without Tony realising, and by 1 in the afternoon it was all over the fucking internet.
Steve looked at the text as inconspicuously as he could from his lap in History class, brows pulled together in a frown. He hadn't actually expected Tony to answer at all- much less at a seemingly random time in the middle of class.
“Steve, do not do that to yourself,” Bucky said immediately, shooting a glance over to him, “you needed to get out as much as he did. You were hurt and whether it was purposeful or not, he still put you in a situation that you couldn’t cope with and then left you.”
Steve couldn’t stop smiling. He thought it was going to split his face in half. "Tony, I am so fucking proud of you, you know that right?" He asked, brushing absently through Tony's hair and then tucking the stray strands behind his ear. "Whether you get in or not, I just..."
He shut his front door hastily and then turned, looking out onto the street where a sleek black car was waiting right outside. A driver with sunglasses on at 3am nodded to him, and he nodded back curtly, slipping into the backseat. He was now wide awake, the concept of an oncoming challenge overtaking him, and so all thoughts of sleep were long behind him. It was easy to fall into this mindset, and the adrenaline was a familiar buzz in his system. This—this was one thing he could do, and do well.
Tony was silent, and Steve felt him freeze up for a second, before a tiny shift and a small smile. “She was soft,” he said, voice gentle, reverent. “She was… beautiful. Always perfect, was mom. Intelligent. She taught me Italian and sometimes we’d make traditional dishes together, and we’d speak to each other in her mother tongue. She used to tell me it was our secret language- the one Howard would never get to hear.” He choked on another wet laugh, and Tony’s hand slid up Steve’s back, gripping his shoulder instead. “I loved her a lot,” he whispered, “she wasn’t perfect, but she tried for me. She kept… she stopped my dad, kept him in check so that he wouldn’t... she loved me. She was one of the only two people who ever did.” He paused, and Steve felt the way his breath hitched; how he shook when he said “both of them died that night in that car, and that was it. I was- I was fourteen, and that was…”
Steve didn’t like him, not just yet. But he thought that he trusted him.
He could, he could, he could.
“It’s been like, five whole minutes. My back hurts,” Tony whined.
He forced himself to focus. Pulled his eyes open, focused on the hazy image of the person leaning over him. He had to say something. It was important.
do that, no, but it’s who you are. And I got too angry about it. I overreacted because I was emotional.”
There was silence; Steve, Rhodey and Carol stood together by the side of the road and then the rest of his friends at the foot of the house. Steve could barely even believe what had happened- couldn’t understand why Bucky had acted like such a fucking idiot.
Tony folded his arms in front of him. Steve just glared stubbornly.  “It might not be
“See?” Tony made his presence known as he stepped fully into the room and beamed, “not so hard, is it?”
Sparing one last glance behind him at the quickly-emptying corridor, he pursed his lips and then hiked his bag higher onto his shoulder, making his way over to class. He made a pointed effort not to think about Tony even once, for the rest of the hour- quite possibly focused harder on his history teacher than he had in about seven months. Tony Stark most certainly did not take up a portion of his thoughts. He didn’t mean that much to Steve. Seriously. He didn’t.
Thanos laughed at them both as he turned his head to face them. Tony was bloody and bruised and exhausted, and he looked at Steve and Steve looked back at him, something that transcended words passing between them as Thanos spoke, an unbearably egotistical declaration about him being ‘inevitable’.
“Nat,” he began, holding up a finger to Tony in a gesture for him to wait, “what do you mean, ‘Ant-man’s back’? He… that’s not possible—”
Steve grinned. “Yeah, thought so,” he said good-humouredly, leaning over the table to pat Sam on the shoulder, “but I still want my fucking shoes back, or I’ll get Tony to go beat your ass.”
Except… he goddamn had to. He couldn’t just leave it like that- Tony had totally saved his ass last night, and Steve hadn’t even thanked him. That was just unacceptable- his mom had raised him better than that, dammit.
Everyone was staring in disbelief, but at that, most of them laughed. It was so inherently Tony to still be cracking jokes right now, that the familiarity of his actions was an overwhelming comfort to the situation.
The words didn’t even sound cruel- just slightly concerned. Like Tony cared. Which didn’t make any fucking sense, considering Tony was Tony Stark and Steve was just.... Steve. Sad little orphan kid who didn’t know what the fuck he was doing.
swear,” Steve said, turning back to Tony and trying to figure out whether or not Tony was going to be in a fit enough state to walk. He stroked his knuckles impossibly softly across the less bruised side of Tony’s face and smiled, wiping hastily at the tears slipping down his own cheeks. “Come on, baby, let’s get you—”
“No, you’re not. But that’s okay. Neither am I,” Steve answers softly, bending a little and sweeping Tony’s legs out from underneath him, lifting him with an ease only he could pull off.
Clint paled, glancing over to the small baby. "Nope," he said, "no, that is not mine. No way. I always use protection. Always."
Both Peter and Pops turned, and Peter saw his Dad, leaning casually with his arms folded against the doorframe, a small smile on his face as he watched them.
Everyone nodded. Not really many other options, after all.
Tony shrugged. “Semantics. I bet I’ll take more than Bucky, anyway.”
All he got was a shrug. “Yinsen will keep it under wraps. I’ve got a fake ID anyway, so technically I’d be Anthony Carbonell, a nineteen-year-old student. It’d be okay. I could do it. I know I could.”
Heads up, this chapter describes scientific experimentation on baby peter and general child abuse themes
“That’s his way of saying
Worse, it was actually sort of useful.
As soon as he'd gone down and picked it up in the armor (because people left weird shit outside the doorsteps of the Avengers tower, and Tony always practiced health & safety in those instances), he'd called a meeting immediately, completely gobsmacked. Most of the team had been asleep, seeing as it was three in the morning. Tony himself had been getting ready to pack up and head to bed, curl into Steve and have his usual battle for a little bit of blanket that the goddamn supersoldier always loved to hog.
“Well he eats Cheetos for breakfast lunch and dinner, Steve. He doesn’t count.”
Eventually, Tony stirred again. Nudging his nose against Steve’s shirt a few times, he sniffled and then pawed a clumsy hand over his face. Steve watched with a smile, setting his hand down against the back of Tony’s neck. “Hello again,” he said, “how was your nap?”
Tony’s lip curled, and he looked away with a huff. “Peter’s saying our names,” he declared, soft, too soft, he needed to sound
He’d be okay. He told the team as much as they set off on the Quinjet to go and join the fight, and everyone looked at him like he was crazy but he didn’t fucking care. He knew Tony. It had been two years, but dammit, Steve still fucking knew him. And in knowing him, Steve knew also of his resilience. Of his determination and bravery and goddamn refusal to lay down and die. And if Steve didn’t hold onto that hope inside him, then he wouldn’t have a chance in hell of fighting well enough to win.
Tony laughed, shaking his head. “You weren’t an asshole, Steve, I’m pretty sure that’s how most people would have responded. You had no reason to think I wasn’t just out to everyone- there’s enough evidence to tell the whole world. Thing is- the world I live in, outside of you, and outside of school- it runs on a sort of ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ policy. Howard doesn’t ask. I don’t tell. But if he ever caught wind that there was someone serious… it wouldn’t be great.”
, shit!”
“I mean,” he continued with a small shrug, “I guess that’s a pretty defeatist way of looking at things. And if I’d wanted to, I could have changed. But, y’know… it was easier to fall into this sort of lifestyle than it was to pull out of it, I suppose. And hey- I was a Stark- it’s in the blood, that’s what everyone always told me.”
, that made them extra appealing and good at that sort of stuff. Steve’s first time had been with a goddamn
“Stop it,” he told himself firmly, before the thoughts could spiral any further. His hands flexed minutely in his pocket at the same time his jaw clenched, and he wished, not for the first time that week, that Bucky was around. He’d been feeling kind of low- possibly brought about by the colder weather and shorter nights- but Bucky had gone away on a trip, and wasn’t going to be back until next Sunday. Which sort of sucked.
Steve had been planning to start a rather large and rather dangerous fight in said bar- and he did, in fact, end up fulfilling that goal- but for a rather different reason. See, it just so happened that Steve’s target ended up being the one with his hand circled just tight enough around Tony’s wrist for him to start looking uncomfortable, and really, that had been all Steve needed. A quick slamming of his head into a table had done the job- and after that, the fight had mainly just carried itself. With a quiet word and a gentle hand against the small of Tony’s back, he’d quickly led them both out of the fight.
God, Tony was
Steve just hoped that this would go down well. Of course, he wasn’t going to push. If Tony insisted on staying, there wasn’t exactly much Steve could do- but he had the feeling that wouldn’t be too much of a problem. Tony wasn’t a dense man, not really. He knew when he’d taken on too much, and what his limits were. Steve knew them too.
Seeing the confusion on his face, the man sighed, resting his elbows on his knees and looking at the floor. “Just hear me out here, okay? You’ve been asleep for a while, so I’ve had some time to think about all this. About nine hours, actually.” He smiled for a second, but it didn’t last, replaced immediately after with that strained look. Steve wondered how long he’d been sitting there, just waiting for him to wake up.
"Shut up, Rogers, I'm not quite that desperate, thank you very much."
But life never stayed kind for that long, did it?
“I know, that’s the point, they shouldn’t be—”
The woman drew closer, and Steve didn’t know her name, but he knew her face. Knew from before he’d even arrived here- she was one of HYDRA’s enhanced. Stronger, quicker, fitter than the average human. Not at his level, but Steve knew it was what they were working up to. And until then, she was obviously just being used as an interrogator. Which she seemed to be enjoying, by the looks of it.
He paused, letting it sink in. He’d missed Christmas entirely. And most of Boxing Day too. The next question on his list had been concerning the whereabouts of all his friends, but he realised now they they’d undoubtedly be up in the penthouse by this point, cooking and drinking and having their celebrations.
He heard Bruce say his name, but then next time he looked up it was Bucky and Natasha and Clint there with him, all of them talking in low voices by his bedside. He must have fallen asleep. When? Where was he? “I can make your arm better,” he said, looking at the shiny metal, “I’ll make it… good, the best, even if I’m not Iron Man I can still…” He couldn’t think of the word and it plagued him, he was supposed to be good at that and he couldn’t even-
Steve already felt sick. He looked behind him, over to the guest bedroom where Tony would be sleeping, then back into the living room. Last time he’d been here with the whole group, they’d built a pillow fort. Tony had told him he was reapplying to MIT. Things hadn’t been perfect, but they’d been good. Tony had been happy. Now, how the hell was he supposed to apply to MIT? How could he turn his life around when he’d just lost the only semi-stable thing he had in it?
Bruce looked pained. “He was hit in the leg by shrapnel,” he explained, “it punctured his artery. We had to cauterise the wound when we got here or he would’ve died, but I don’t think he’s responded well to it. He’s feverish, sick. I’m not sure how much longer he can hold out.”
“Yes, please do,” Clint called out, before Sam swatted him over the head and silenced him.
Steve opened his mouth, and Tony knew he was gearing himself up for a speech; but the fight seemed to drain from him suddenly, and he shut his mouth with an audible clack again, falling back on to the pillows and closing his eyes.
. He hadn’t been paying too much attention to the dates when Tony had spoken about it- too busy having a little crisis over the fact that Tony had pretty much asked him out to notice the when and where of it all.
They arrived at their room quietly and Steve slipped in first, footfalls light so as not to stir the sleeping boy in the cot on the other side of the room. Tony followed his footsteps as Steve went over to it, and soon both of them were peering over the bars, checking on the boy that they knew was tucked up, totally safe and sound asleep.
“Aw, my heart goes out to you,” Tony reached behind him and patted Steve’s cheek, and then, because he was a bit of dick, he rolled his hips back into Steve, grinning even harder when Steve’s breath caught and his hands flexed against Tony’s hips. Poor super-soldier hormones made the man insatiable when he got turned on. And it was just so fun to tease him. “Go wait in bed. I’ll be out in a minute.”
“Apologies. But if you could stay within the mansion until Sir arrives back, I’m sure he would greatly—”
“Really? ‘Cause that definitely looks like your writing,” Steve’s fingers brushed over the desk, moving across blueprints for some sort of jet-engine design. “Look, there’s even swear words written in the corners, and I know for a fact you’re pretty much the only person on earth who uses the phrase ‘son of a cocksucking whore’ in their everyday vocabulary.”
“In two seconds, you’re not gonna be far behind him, Cap.” Natasha stuck her finger up at him, but after a second of Steve staring her down, she sullenly got into position. “Thor?”
“You shouldn’t put so much faith in me, not when I—
It smelt like…ass.
“Hey!” Pepper clicked her fingers, “some of us are trying to watch a heist over here.”
Steve swooped in and snatched the piece of pie Tony was cutting into, shoving into his mouth rather unceremoniously, despite Tony’s protests. “That’s fucking rude, Steve.”
“Bruce,” he said, looking up at the other man as he stood on the opposite end of the room and continued to fiddle with his tablet, “you can go now, thanks.”
“If you say so,” Steve shrugged, following Tony as he walked out of the door. In the kitchen they saw Sam busy making dinner, and he and Tony said their goodbyes to one another happily, with Sam promising to return the favor of homework help whenever he needed it. Tony smiled genuinely, like there would ever be a moment in which he would ever need homework help, and then turned to the front door.
The words rang out as sharply as the bullet had. He wanted to suck them back into his mouth as soon as he’d said them, because they suddenly became real, because saying them meant all of this was something he needed to accept now, and he refused to do that. He was still in battle mode, he’d decided. He was still fighting. Once that will was gone, he had no idea what would become of him, so he needed to continue on with his fight against time, the universe, everything.
“I am so sorry,” Tony whispered, stumbling forward. Steve half-opened his arms, but Tony froze up a few steps away from him and then scrambled back again, like a skittish animal. “Steve, Jesus Christ, I… I don’t…what did- is it-“
“Hey, watch it,” Steve looked up sharply and glared, and Clint hastily backtracked, shaking his head hurriedly.
Oh God, it hurt. His chest felt like there was someone pressing a hundred concrete slabs onto it, and there was something wrong in his ears. An incessant buzzing, but also a strange staccato rhythm that rang out as unfamiliar in his brain. Still only half aware, he realised it was his own heartbeat, pulsing erratically as the electricity shot its way through him and wreaked havoc upon his organs.
He doesn’t know how to tell them that they mean something to him, and doing this is the only way he feels like he’s enough.
“What the
Tony just laughed, and the bed dipped as he leaned over and planted a kiss on the crown of Steve’s head. “Aww, I’m happy to wake up next to you too, sweetheart.” He heard Tony as he rolled off the bed and then pressed his feet into the wooden floor, and couldn’t resist stealing a peak as Tony stretched, then looked around for what he figured were probably some clothes.
Tony’s lip curled in disgust, watching as her head bowed and she remained silent for a few seconds, stewing in her own guilt. Good.
“Hey, dude, I’m sorry,” Sam looked a little surprised, shaking his head slowly as he stared at Steve, “I didn’t mean to… I just know what he’s like, that’s all.”
“Tony-“ Thor started, but Tony turned to him and shot a warning look over Steve’s head; shaking his head sharply. Thor shut his mouth, but didn’t look happy about it as he watched Tony shove his hands nonchalantly and then spring next to Ty.
in fact been an ulterior motive behind Tony’s actions, then it meant Tony wasn’t going to have taken that statement very well.
Steve just looked at him; looked at his husband, with his life-bright eyes and vibrating anger, and knew that it was all just a front. Tony’s heart was on his sleeve, even if he didn’t know it.
I haven’t missed.”
He wanted to fucking tear them off. Wanted, for the first time, to be pathetic and weak again. That would have kept Tony at least a little bit safer. Given him an extra fraction of autonomy. He could have pushed Steve off every time he pulled Tony in at night, could have fought back when Steve hit him. As it was, Tony had been helpless.
“What did he say?” Tony whipped around, “I bet it was something dumb. He’s dumb and actually got dropped on the head as a baby, his aunt even told me herself, you really shouldn’t listen to anything he says-“
Steve sighed. Italy
Steve was staring at him, the stupid concerned look on his face that he seemed to wear a lot when Tony said something to do with his childhood. It didn’t seem as if anyone knew what to say. Tony hadn’t even realised it was such a
The words seemed to die on his throat, though, when his eyes flicked briefly across Steve’s shoulder and apparently spotted something worth holding his tongue for.
Someone strong grabbed his arms and yanked him back, and he struggled against the grip. “Get off me!” He screamed, kicking out wildly, “get the fuck off me!”
of radio-silence, claiming someone was trying to
After that, Steve felt like there was no force in the universe that could stop them now. This was a galaxy’s worth of rage, of pain and loss and hurt, coming together to fight. And they didn’t intend to go home as the losers.
“Our… our responsibility!” Steve spluttered and threw his hands in the air. “And you love him, so this… this is—”
Tony looked down and then lifted his legs, hoisting them onto the dash. “Hey, at least I’ve got underwear on this time.” He was still in the pyjamas he’d been wearing that morning, having refused to leave bed when Steve asked him to, and so the little Iron Man helmets of his boxer-briefs smiled up at him. “That’s more than could be said for our trip to Italy last year.”
“Wasn’t planning on it, darlin’,” he assured him quietly, “that’s why I’m here and not anywhere else.”
Tony sniffed, opening up his Pinterest and rapidly deleting everything Halloween-themed. Then he did the same for his other social media, clearing it of everything. Once that was done, he did the same for his room, piling any chocolates or decorations into the bin and stepping on it viciously.
Tony had been walking in front of him; wandering through the streets of New York with a carefree smile on his face as he pulled Steve through by the hand. He’d been saying something- something about one of the latest papers released on some Spacey Thing Steve hadn’t quite been able to follow- and Steve had just been nodding along encouragingly, all whilst wondering where exactly Tony had been taking them.
The communal living room was filled with all the friends that the team had been able to find, and together, they had procured a large banner and written the word
Steve sighed and then lay his head back onto the cushion so that his gaze was on the ceiling. “Sappy things,” he admitted easily, before poking Tony in the underarms and huffing as Tony yelped and collapsed back onto his chest reflexively. He wondered what Tony would look like, away from all the glitz and the glamour of their New York lives. Whether he’d let his hair silver out a bit, whether he’d stop putting in contacts and start just wearing his glasses. Obviously though, whatever happened, he would still look just as beautiful, of that Steve had no doubt. Tony was incapable of
Tony wondered whether he was high. Could you get high from really good sex? Or maybe some of that cool Vampire aphrodisiac stuff had leaked into his bloodstream somehow. Steve hadn’t broken the skin when he’d bitten that mark into his neck- hadn’t used his canines, unfortunately, instead just giving him a normal ol’ hickey- but there was definitely going to be a bruise, Tony could tell, so maybe that had been it. Tony didn’t know. He’d have to look it up, he supposed.
Turning to glance back at his friends, he watched their troubled faces stare back at him for a moment before following on behind, keeping their distance and muttering to each other about things Steve couldn’t hear.
They paid ten minutes later, and were half-way back to the car when Tony’s phone rang. He frowned to himself as he pulled it out, because he was sure he’d put it on silent, and JARVIS only ever circumvented that order when it was an emergency call. And when he saw Clint’s ID on the front, his heart dropped.
A second later, the helmet’s eyes flickered white, and everyone jumped as a projection of Tony suddenly appeared on the floor in front of them, resting against a wall, looking straight forward. Steve stared at it in anguish. Tony was… beat. His eyes sunken, skin greyish even through the projection. And he was thin. Oh god, now Steve was looking, he was really really fucking thin—
And he missed her.
,” Sam patted him on the back and then grinned, looking ridiculously smug as he took in Steve’s face, etched in what seemed to be a permanent state of shock. “How do you feel?”
The last thought that crossed his mind before blacking out was:
AIM hadn’t stormed SHIELD to get anything. They’d stormed SHIELD to draw the Avengers out and spread them thin, trapping whoever responded down here where there was no escape. They’d known one of them would stay behind in the tower, most likely Bruce, because he was only needed in emergencies, so they’d then arranged another strike- this time hiring the Wrecking Crew- and triggered that one off, forcing any free Avengers into action over there. Tony himself had told Thor to call for the Hulk before heading to Times Square.
Steve’s face was calm and earnest. He didn’t look angry like he should be. “I’m sorry,” Tony said as soon as he remembered what the other man had probably seen on the internet that day. Then he realised he’d ignored Steve’s question, and blinked. “That’d be nice.”
But Tony knew better.
He had to admit though, he’d missed home.
The prequel to the last chapter
Nothing particularly shocking, if he was being honest. In some way or another, Tony was always at least partially exhausted, if not physically, then certainly mentally. He had a busy life. He was an Avenger. These things were to be expected. But he hadn’t really been sleeping too great as of late, and after two weeks of unrestful nights, it was starting to take a toll on him.
"That's....
_____
But Steve believed him. Truly, wholeheartedly. Maybe love did make you blind, but it also made you observant. Fine-tuned to the object of your affections; honed into them on a frequency no one else was on. Steve had known Tony for years. Had loved him for pretty much all that time. He knew, as soon as Tony gave the explanation, that that was the answer.
He shuffled backward until his shoulders hit the cold walls. Instinctive. Hide, shield yourself. This was going to hurt, and Steve wasn’t sure how much more he could withstand.
They were both stood in Tony’s kitchen, and the stupid cookies Steve had tried to teach Tony how to bake were probably getting a little overdone by this point, but it felt like too much wasted time to bend down and turn the oven off- especially when Tony was right there, waiting for him with his beautiful mouth and ridiculous, gorgeous face. He was happy to let them go and mark them off as a lost cause- he had to prioritize, after all.
Which they did. Less then one minute later, actually, when one of them mentioned getting JARVIS to fly Tony out in the suit, and he’d found himself doubled up in pain at the very thought of his red and gold armour. The pain in his head had been damn near unbearable, and although he’d tried to push through it, the more he’d thought of it the more it had hurt, until he’d been practically slumped in Steve’s arms, damn near unconscious from the throbbing at the back of his head.
“-Shhhh,” Steve murmured as he walked out of the door once more, this time with Tony in his arms, “Safe, Shh.”
There was a short silence. Tony turned his head to look at him again, the hint of a frown on his face. “Hmm,” was all he said.
“Steve,” Tony shut his eyes, sounding weary, “it’s not that simple-“
“Tony, when I started this, I was still… trying to find a link back home,” he said quietly, watching as Tony swivelled on his chair and then pushed it forward, rolling along the tiles until his legs hit Steve’s with a gentle bump and he was looking down at Steve with his elbows braced on his knees, an intense expression covering his face. He was so very beautiful. “All I wanted was a friend. Someone that I could, I dunno, share all my pain with. Someone who understood. So when I was fighting Loki, and he told me that Bucky was alive, I—I latched on. I wanted to believe it because I couldn’t handle the reality. I couldn’t handle the fact that I really was alone here.”
He sighed to himself, running a hand over his face and then trying to zone back in on the conversation being had between his two friends. They’d moved on to discuss the current feud between Whitney and Sunset, which confused him a little because last time he’d heard they’d been happily terrorizing everyone together, best of buds. Although to be fair, he couldn’t really say he was very honed in on the drama that happened in school. Nor did he care about it, either.
Tony froze, glaring at Natasha from across the room. Peter was eyeing him curiously, still banging at the table. Tony looked at him, unimpressed. “Of all the toys I bought you,” he started, “and you decide to take fancy to the thing that could kill you? Of course you do. It’s not like those thirty-goddamn-dollar rattles are interesting, is it-“
Tony didn’t care. As he’d just mentioned, it wasn’t like he’d be good at it anyway.
“Nope.”
“Jesus, can you not do that right now-”
The sound of a humming noise had him looking up, and when the elevator doors opened a few seconds later, he assumed it would be one of any aforementioned team members. But it wasn’t.
The next few days were uneventful and dull and completely, utterly wonderful.
“So they can do what?” Tony snapped, looking at the computer, “send flowers and give me a little hug? A card that says ‘Sorry you’re homeless now, Tony’? Great, yeah, call them up. Let everyone in the whole fucking world know.” He huffed and looked away, jaw clenched tight as he closed his eyes. No one spoke, not even JARVIS. There was nothing that could be said.
“Oh hell, Steve Rogers has a dirty mind, what in God’s name has the world come to?” Tony asked dramatically, teeth showing as he smiled and placed the shirt beside Steve’s leg. His eyes went back to Steve’s almost entirely purple torso, and that smile lost a bit of its edge.
It was very easy not to notice when they were alone together. Tony was just… Tony, really, and Steve didn’t think about anything else. Sometimes it crossed his mind how clever Tony was- usually when they were over at his and he was talking to JARVIS or fiddling around with some other invention or having to run off and write another algorithm down. But that was it, really. He didn’t think about the fact that most people were at least somewhat familiar with the name Tony Stark. It wasn’t important.
“The School was full to capacity, last I heard,” Natasha piped up, but Tony just waved a hand and turned back to the coffee machine, plucking his mug from the shelf.
Bucky shoved him off the couch and Steve yelled indignantly, grabbing a pillow and propelling it into Bucky’s face. The asshole was half-way to a laugh before he noticed Steve’s hand, and the smile promptly died on his face.
of course he shows it, that’s the only thing he ever can do well- but then his goddamn mouth just has to run off and say something stupid and they’re right back at square-fucking-one again. He doesn’t know what to do, and he just… he doesn’t feel like one of them. It hurts.
Tony stroked his fingers through Steve’s hair, shutting his eyes and letting the sound of Steve’s breathing take over.
“No, no, it’s fine,” Steve told him quickly, scratching his nose absent-mindedly and then gasping in pain, “I need to… I need to talk to him myself. I… thank you, Rhodey.”
At that, Tony smiled and took a sip of his drink. “Trust me, there won’t be any discussion involved.”
“We need to find storage box 237,” he said shakily, “and you need to get ready to start climbing.”
“Do you even… did it even occur to you for a second that Loki was just.. y’know,
prompt no.72. "Just smile, I really need to see you smile right now." for steve/tony (:
Siberia. Tony. Blood.
Steve just smiled and nodded along, listening as Tony explained how stars were made and something about dark matter. Steve didn’t really follow it. He was more interested in how Tony’s hands moved, and the way the moonlight illuminated each curve and crease in Tony’s face, and the fact that he hadn’t thought about bombs even
There was a short pause, and then none other than Director Fury himself was speaking down the line. Usually he got one of the lackeys, sometimes Hill or Coulson. Fury was a new one. “We need you in,” was his opener, voice just as sharp as Steve’s, “I can’t disclose any information over the phone. But it’s top priority. We’ve got some new intel that’s just come in, and we want you briefed and leading the mission.”
Tony could still feel Steve’s gaze on him, and when he looked over, for some reason Steve’s eyes were pained. Tony felt his heart sink a little at the sight- he hadn’t meant to make this into A Thing. Now Steve probably felt sorry for him or something, dammit. He blinked quickly and hoisted Peter to eye-level, observing him clinically. “We haven’t bathed him yet, have we?” He asked, “we should probably do that. Babies need baths. I’ll go and—do that. Now. Cool.”
Steve for making him like this;
She looked straight at the camera, eyes watery, lip quivering. Tony could sense the fear, ripping out of her in waves. “I know what this means for me,” she whispered, “I know what AIM do to traitors. But maybe… my soul for his. That won’t grant me a place in heaven, God no, but it will clear my conscience a little. So I’m taking him to New York. I’ll see if I can get in touch with someone who knows where to keep him. Or maybe I’ll leave him with the Avengers. They’ve always been good at fucking up everything we do here. Anyway… this’ll probably be my last log. I’m putting all the information in a ZIP file on my mobile. If anyone is watching this…”
“Yeah,” Steve answered anyway, the lie easy, worryingly familiar, “of course I trust you, Tony.”
And that had been that.
Great. So they’d ignore him, then.
Tony rested peacefully in the warmth of Steve’s embrace, his head tucked up into Steve’s chest. He could almost have been sleeping.
Tony looked up and saw him stood outside the glass doors, pulling the very specific face he did whenever Tony was behaving in a way that Steve couldn’t figure out but was mildly concerned about. The fact that he hadn’t just walked right through the door was an indicator that Steve was going to have some sort of serious conversation. He was establishing that Tony didn’t have to let him inside if he didn’t want to. Because he was just a good fucking guy like that.
“Morning, beautiful,”
and now these were the consequences of his actions. This was the aftermath of everything that he’d done
. He was holding Steve. That was nice. “Come on, love. Let’s blow this joint, huh?”
Tony slapped him on the arm. “Asshole,” he muttered sleepily.
Everyone nodded glumly, huddling a little closer together as the wind whipped up a new spray of wet snow around them. The impromptu shopping trip to the mall had been Peggy’s idea of combatting boredom, and Steve had thought it’d be a good idea to try and get in some early Christmas shopping before it became too late. Of course, their plans never quite went as they intended- they’d been kicked out of the place by mall security after an hour when Natasha shoulder-barged Thor into the mannequin tower in the centre of the plaza accidentally. Seriously though; it was just stupid to put a bunch of precariously placed dolls in the middle of a busy shopping mall. And it’s not like they’d
Feeling a little like he'd just had the rug swept out from underneath him, he huffed, shaking his head and looking back at Tony who just stared impassively back. He thought he saw something flash behind that blue- but it was gone a moment later, and who even cared anyway? Tony had made his stance very fucking clear.
It didn’t last too long- he burst into another round of laughter shortly after. “A fucking
“J, I don’t want another word out of you for the rest of the day, do you understand?” Tony raised a finger quickly and prodded it in the computer’s general direction before the AI could even hope to respond, and the ensuing silence told Steve that the robot must have become a little bit more obedient since he’d seen it last, because it actually listened to Tony’s instruction that time.
Warily, Steve nodded. Peter copied the motion. “I’ve heard Tony talkin’ about you sometimes you know,” he added, “a coupl’a times when he’s come into science club and he’s been all weird and happy, and we ask him why, and he just kinda shakes his head and smiles and says ‘nothing’, but then one time Bruce saw you talking to him in the parking lot out of the window and when Tony came back in he was doing the smiley thing and we worked out that it must be you, right? Law of probability,” Peter continued, talking fast and rambly at Steve as he just stood there and tried to follow it all.
Natasha’s face was blank, but her eyes flashed. There was sadness there. “You may want to, and I respect that,” she murmured, “but no one else can. This happened, Tony. And whether you like it or not, it was a big deal.”
“This isn’t-“ he began, trying to find the words, “-I don’t usually do this, you know, it’s not… I’ll be better, I swear, it’s just… this week, you know, it’s hard, but it won’t happen again, I just need-“
“He showed me what life would have been like without me,” Steve cut in, whipping around and turning to face Tony, hands clenched so tightly that the knuckles were stark white. “He showed me what your life would have been like without me, Tony, and you know what?
everywhere as she brushed her fingers through it.
“If I find him, I can carry him down, or at the very least I can get back down the mountain quicker than anyone else and relay their coordinates,” Steve argued, his voice firm, “no one who’s with him right now is strong enough for that. And anyway- once you get to the foot of the mountain it’s easy enough to find your way to civilization.” Sensing that Clint was gearing up to argue further, Steve just shook his head and took a step backward. “I’m not going with you, guys. I… I can’t leave him.”
“Oh, would you like me to take it back?” Steve raised his eyebrows and looked up at Tony,  who shook his head vigorously in response. “It’s because I am in a good mood, Stark- don’t ruin this for me with your cynical ways.”
Ty had asked him to choose, and Tony had chosen him.
As he wandered into the kitchen to grab a quick slice of toast before heading up to bed, he realised with surprise that Steve was still there, stood leaning rigidly against the countertops. There was a mug of coffee at his side, but it wasn’t steaming. Must’ve been there for quite a while. Tony blinked in surprise at the sight of him, having fully expected the man to be in bed already- Steve was a stickler to his routine, and 11pm was usually his cut-off point.
He heard Tony laugh down the line- even the tinny static from the phone managing to make Steve’s spine tingle. “No, okay, that wasn’t the best explanation. Turn left, and go into the big corridor. There’s a set of stairs at the bottom that leads to the basement. I’m down there.”
It was simply his stupid brain reacting to the atmosphere around him, making him on edge. Tense.
to be honest.”
Tony nodded in relief, looking down at Steve’s bloodied face, smushed up against the cold concrete. His metal fingers stroked along the man’s cheekbone, and Tony felt the relief finally allow itself to surge through him. He knew, if this had been any other situation—had Steve been fully coherent, or maybe if they’d had him for longer, this fight wouldn’t have been quite as easy. Tony was lucky. They both were, for that matter.
Clint pulled out 6 slips of paper, waving them around in the air. “Six motherfucking Hamilton tickets, that’s what! Funny story about how I got them, actually- I was just minding my own business, making my way back from SHIELD, when I saw this family getting held up by a group of assholes. Of course, ‘cause I’m a brilliant and generally well-rounded individual-”
“Uh, what is it that you think it is?”
Steve’s thumb smoothed across Tony’s wrist. There was nothing accusatory there. But Tony… Well, Tony had never thought of it that way, and suddenly he felt like scum. Unaware of this, Steve continued. “He’s only just found some sense of stability, and kindness, and family. Do we really want to take that from him?”
He looked up, and Tony stared back down at him for another moment before reaching down for Steve’s hand and then pulling it up, looking at the ring sat comfortably on his finger.
“Do you have any change I could borrow?” Steve asked quietly, rubbing a hand across his face.
It was 4am. Everyone was asleep. No one would notice him slipping out, and he’d left his note for them in the morning. Turns out it was easier to explain his absence on paper than it was face to face.
been struggling, not at all, and that was the issue here. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that Peter was leaning sideways in Thor’s arms, trying to grab Tony’s shirtsleeves. Thor shifted him away carefully, but Peter was not impressed by that and started to whimper, arms extended, asking for Tony. Because that was who wanted to hold him.
“Of course I do,” Tony found Steve’s hands and pressed his own over the top of them, “do you know how much this outfit cost?”
On the first day of the month, Steve arranged things.
Which was true. Steve had definitely been with him through the thickest of thicks and the thinnest of thins. But for all Tony knew, this could be the final straw. Reasonable enough- a video of Tony in a raucous threesome was currently circulating the internet, and that was something Steve Rogers should
Thor nodded. “Want some help?” He asked, their shoulders bumping as the boy leaned sideways.
“Nah- dumped him a month back, when she started hedging her bets on a date with Tony instead,” Darcy responded, and dammit, Steve really was terrible at the whole ‘not listening’ thing.
God. Objectively, he knew he was being irrational- the team had been a unit for years by this point, and they’d never… they’d never seemed to show any lingering hostility toward him. It was fucking stupid to think that they’d just leave him as soon as he stopped being able to use the armour, but-
Steve shrugged, looking back at Tony. “I’m tired of the people I care about being hurt,” he said bluntly, “you hurt Thor a lot. I know that much. But he only hurts because he cares. And you know what, Loki? If I had any family left who still gave a crap about me, I’d hold onto that. Because you never know what could happen tomorrow. And one day, when you find yourself really,
it was a Saturday.
This should have been the part where Tony said no. That he wasn’t okay, that this didn’t make things better. The part where he should have told Steve to never put a finger on him in that way again. But he didn’t. Because it was just a one-off, and he didn’t need to say that. He knew that Steve knew what he was doing. And Tony was a fucking nightmare to deal with on the best of days.
Tony smiled at him, and quietly thanked the universe for letting him have a man like Steve Rogers for himself. “I promise,” he nodded, tilting his head and accepting the kiss that Steve placed on his mouth in response.
They all looked at one another, nodding at the evaluation. That seemed sound. They could deal with a very small, very vulnerable human for 24 hours or so, right? They'd saved the universe before. This was small potatoes, really. "Where are we gonna put him?" Thor asked, folding his arms, "I don't think he should be left in his own room."
The comment was said so casually, Steve couldn’t help but give a soft laugh. “Wow, thanks. Nice to see you too, Tony.”
“Bucky,” Steve warned, “we’re not discussing this. You’re going to make it up to him, I don’t care what you think, I won’t have him thinking my best friend is a fucking delinquent.”
He jumped in surprise as he felt Steve’s arms snap away from his own face and curl tightly around Tony’s biceps, shoving him back so he hit the wall. His head thumped lightly against it, not enough to hurt, but enough to know that it could. If Steve pressed a little harder, he could.
Hastily wiping at his eyes with the back of his sleeve, he tugged at the handle of his suitcase and then lifted it up, pulling it out of the room. Should be enough to see him through for a couple of weeks. He sent a call to the rest of the Avengers, knowing they’d have arrived back home by that point and telling them to meet him in the common room in five minutes, then quickly hurried down the stairs to meet them all. He owed it to them, at the very least, to tell them that he was leaving. Even if he didn’t have the courage to say why. The teams were in various places at the tower- Bruce down in the labs again, Natasha and Clint in the gym, Thor possibly out doing some gardening. Tony just gripped his suitcase tight and waited, knowing that his car was sat outside, ready to take him away. He wasn’t sure exactly where he’d go just yet. But he’d work it out soon enough.
Tony’s eyes widened a fraction at the proximity, but he didn’t move back. “Hey yourself,” he said quietly, and Steve grinned a little harder, noting the redness just beginning at the tips of his ears.
“We’re leaving,” James- Rhodey- said grimly, shoving past Bucky and making his way to Tony’s side, “I don’t know what your fucking problem is, Barnes, but I won’t stand there and let you talk to my best friend like that.”
“It won’t ever stop, sweetheart, that’s why they call it perpetual motion,” Steve scooped him up gently, and he felt Tony’s laugh against his shoulder as the man’s head dropped in exhaustion.
Steve nodded with a smile. “Top of the world, thanks,” he answered, and Thor laughed his own response before dropping Tony with a thud.
It said something about the nature of Steve’s world that he was barely even thrown by this request. He’d spent quite a bit of time with JARVIS by that point, and so hearing a disembodied voice speak to him through a monitor was hardly shocking. Still though, Steve took a brief moment to wonder how this was just a part of his everyday life now. He knew there’d be people in the government or army who’d kill—literally—for technology like JARVIS. To this day, no one else had managed to replicate such a realistic form of life.
“Of course you can come in, Steve. Straight up the drive, okay, I’ll meet you outside.”
“Hi,” Steve said, and his voice didn’t sound angry any more, didn’t sound sad or irritated or cold, there was a slight lowering of pitch toward the end of the word like maybe he was tired, but other than that— “I know it’s late, but… Look, can I come over again? We should probably talk.”
As she should. Because Peter was talking. And Tony knew it was dumb, of course, but he just… he felt so strangely proud of that. Like they’d helped. Which, you know, they probably had. It wasn’t exactly like Peter had had much affection or encouragement before this—before them.
“Uh-“ Steve wrinkled his brow a little bit, “what for?”
It was impossible. Steve’s reflexes were too fast- he never ever dropped anything. He just didn’t. It didn’t happen.
“I’m so damn clever,” he muttered, arms winding instinctively around Steve’s neck as he hoisted them both up.
“When are the drinks
This is the sappiest most plotless shit of the entire thing, I think. I basically make them kiss for 12k. Enjoy!
A second later, Michael the LMD came to an abrupt halt, body stilling on the floor. That was that.
Apparently, though, this one was going to take some more time to fix properly.
There had been a lot of blood. He shuddered.
Steve always watched him, just in case. Seeing as an attack could be at any moment, it was better to always be alert. He glanced over to Tony in math class and kept his eyes on Tony’s
And, a few moments later, with a guttural moan into Tony’s bruised skin, Steve did. He shuddered and pulled Tony impossibly close, enough that it felt like every inch of them was connected, and then he sunk into the bed with a heavy sigh, arms wrapping themselves around Tony’s back. They stayed there for a while. Just catching their breath. Feeling one another. Tony felt like he was somewhere else; like the only thing in the universe was Steve’s embrace, and from the way Steve was holding him, it seemed as if his thoughts were being reflected right back at him.
Steve tightened his jaw and resisted the urge to turn and run, far far away from all of this. After all, he was a lot of things, but a coward had never been one of them.
Steve just grumbled something unintelligible, kissing Tony’s forehead again before nudging him backward. Happy had stopped off at Wendy’s, so Tony was just gonna take the two-minute walk and meet him there. “Call me when you land,” Steve said, “and be back in time for Christmas or I’ll be having words with Mr. Kobayashi.”
“Please don’t kick me off the team,” he muttered, shutting his eyes, “please, I can still be useful, I just… try this again, few more times, I’ll get… it. I’ll… it. Promise. Promise I will, Steve, please-“
“Leave your face like that for too long and it’ll stick,” someone said in front of him, and he glanced up with a weary smile at Steve as the man slipped in through the door.
But it could have been. In a different universe, if things had gone differently… it could’ve been.
“Why not?”
A distraction was what he needed. He was tired, he didn’t want to get out of bed unless he really had to, so he’d simply have to find a way to relax. Persuade himself to shut his eyes without hearing… that.
seeing you like that, it scares me because I can’t lose you. I can’t, Tony. You matter more to me than… than pretty much anyone, okay? And when I think about you just- just stewing in all those horrible untrue thoughts- doing this just to try and prove yourself, God, I just want to punch myself in the face for not doing something sooner.”
Tony laughed once more, before obediently leaning down, although dodging Steve’s head in order to snake his arms around his waist instead. With a yelp, Steve felt himself lifted off the floor and sat on the desk with another thump. It was only then that he felt Tony’s lips brush his forehead lightly, and Goddamn it, that shouldn’t have felt as good as it did.
He didn’t finish. Steve left it for another second, before nodding and then walking away, any doubts answered for him.
“Hey, I mean, don’t get your hopes up or anything,” Tony babbled under Steve’s mouth, even as his hands flexed excitedly around Steve’s shoulders, “I probably won’t get in, not with my history, but I just wanted to try, you know, I thought I could give it a go. The headmaster knows me- I've been in contact with him for a while, thanks to Yinsen, actually. He knows my potential, even if I am a little asshole.”
“Well that’s not very nice-“
alone, you’ll realise how much you actually needed everything that you pushed away.”
He smiled into the pillow, rubbing his eye tiredly and yawning. He didn’t bother opening his eyes- still too tired for that. It took a long time for him to wake up properly in the mornings, and everyone knew his rule about consciousness before double digits. Plus, he knew Tony was awake next to him- he could feel the other boy tracing patterns into his back softly- and he didn’t want to disturb that. It felt nice.
The room was silent. But then he heard Thor cough, in his usual loud manner. “Well I think you’re quick-witted and strong-willed and ready to fight anyone who wrongs you or others,” he said simply. “They’re the traits of a man I would be happy to die for in battle.”
Steve couldn’t sleep, thinking about it. The memories plagued him like a curse, every feeling of fist hitting flesh coming back to him when he closed his eyes. He asked about Tony’s condition whenever someone came in to visit him, and they all said the same thing. He was doing okay. He was healing. Steve wondered what Tony would be thinking, sat in that hospital bed, hardly able to move without some part of him hurting. Would he think of Steve every time? Or would he be blocking it out, crushing it all down like he usually did? He had no idea. Steve longed to see him more than anything else, but at the same time, he wanted to run. Run far away, where he couldn’t put another finger on the man he loved again. He wasn’t sure what he’d do when he saw Tony. Maybe it’d break him.
Tony was silent. His hand was still against Steve’s face; every second spent there making him feel warmer and warmer. Eventually, Tony dropped it- and Steve would probably have made what was undoubtedly a very embarrassing noise if not for the feel of that same hand dropping to curl around his waist a second later. “Come on, Rogers,” he said, wrapping the other arm around Steve’s middle so that he pretty much encompassed Steve entirely, “let’s get you to the car.”
And yet over the past few years, Tony’s attitude had changed. He’d stopped being such a dick. He smiled at him rather than laughing at him, and he waved on the corridors rather than just shove him, and
He shut his eyes, shoulder lighting up in pain as it hit the concrete hard. They both rolled, Tony feeling the cool lines of Steve’s shield on his back.
Steve stood there, staring at the space the whirlwind of a child had just vacated with a small crease on his forehead. It seemed he’d just been given relationship advice by a pre-teen.
“Go back to sleep, sweetheart,” Tony murmured through a yawn of his own, “I’ve got you. Promise.”
“You’re back,” he whispers happily, before crossing the room and pulling Tony into his arms, almost certainly smearing him with paint in the process. Not that Tony gives a fuck.
“Honestly, it’s not-“
Whatever- at least homework didn’t seem to be making him want to jump out the fucking window anymore, which sure was great!
Fuck. He had no idea why he was thinking so hard about it- no idea why Tony had that much effect on him at all. They barely knew each other. Tony was quite obviously trouble. It was just… stupid.
— “he’s learning. He misses us when we’re not there, Steve.
He sighed, buttoning his coat all the way up to the throat and then ducking his head against the piercing November wind. His therapist was always giving him shit for thinking like that. She said he had some extreme self esteem issues, and he could hardly disagree. God, just look at him- there were 12 year old girls taller than him, and he got sick so often he had barely been in enough of school to learn basic math. He was hardly anything-
Tony bit his lip, trying to focus himself to one thing as opposed to the billions of little side-thoughts that were battling for top spot in his head. He pressed his ear into Steve’s chest, felt his heartbeat. Steady and solid. Real. Steve… Steve was one of the strongest people Tony knew. His episodes were warranted, at least. If Tony had been through something like World War Fucking Two, maybe he could be excused as well. But it just felt so… pathetic, in comparison. What was a bit of water torture to the bloodiest conflict in history, really?
Steve’s breath hitched and he choked, whining softly and pulling Tony’s head back up with his gentle gentle fingers. “Tony, whatever you’re thinking, I’m begging you to stop,” he said, “please. This doesn’t have to be… official. Just a break, okay? Just… a chance for you to heal, without me there hindering you.”
“Oh come on, I always wash!” Sam called out to her, but to no avail, for she was already making her way back down the corridor with a smug smile on her face.
Fuck, he was a fucking idiot.
“I think you’ll find it goddamn is,” Steve retorted, his own voice sharpening, but staying low and quiet, “Tony, I think my nose is broken. I need to get it reset-“
“Right, no, sorry, of course you- never mind, okay, uh- right. This was stupid. Just… can you not hang up for like, a few minutes, maybe? I’m just… I just need to look like I’m talking to someone,” He said hurriedly, looking over his shoulder at the two guys walking 10 yards behind him, their hoods up and hiding their faces. The clouds were beginning to turn the streets darker.
Bruce could only nod, pursing his lips and trying not to laugh, the fucking bastard. Tony scowled at him through the glass and shuffled a little in Steve’s arms, patting the other man reassuringly. Steve glanced at him and then huffed, pressing his nose into Tony’s temple and- well-
These worries plagued him for entire trip back, and by the time they arrived at Bucky’s he was a nervous wreck. Bucky wouldn’t hear anything of him returning, however, and simply pulled him inside and then pointed to the kitchen counter, where Steve sat obediently.
“This doesn’t seem to be working very well, does it?” She crooned softly, fingers tracing the side of his face. “You withstand physical torture rather fantastically. In any other circumstance, I’d be impressed.” Her movements paused and her eyebrow turned upward a little. “Shame. I’d rather hoped we wouldn’t have to get to this stage.”
“He shoved me first!”
“And I’m blond, so what? It’s the principal,” and with that, Steve snatched at the bill and took out his wallet quickly, shooting Tony wary looks as he did so, lest he attempt to take the bill from him in a surprise attack.
He jumped off the bike and then grabbed Steve’s helmet, putting them both haphazardly on the seat of his bike before running forward and gesturing for Steve to follow. “Come on!”
“He’s going to regret that,” Ty told him, and it was spoken like a promise.
He just needed a bit of time to set his head straight and deal with it, that was all.
“Steve,” Tony began, voice choked off and desperate, “Steve, I’m sorry, I didn’t… please just stay, that wasn’t me blaming you, I didn’t mean it like that-“
was his Tony; that was the one he wished he could have all the time.
Tony agreed. He was wiped, and fell into the mattress easily with Steve wrapped around him. Tony could still feel the tension running deep within the other man, but he could hardly be blamed for it either. It’d been a rough night on both of them, but Tony hadn’t been exaggerating when he’d said that Steve doted on the little boy. For all his drooling and loudness and general baby-behaviour that definitely should have put off the entire team weeks ago, Peter still seemed to have managed to wheedle his way very firmly into every single one of their hearts anyway. It was his gummy smile; the way he held up his hands for cuddles whenever one of them passed. It was how he always cackled when Steve whizzed him around the room and how he adored the reactor’s light in Tony’s chest.
DUM-E rolled back and forth on the spot slightly, turning himself in order to lean down and grab Tony’s water bottle from the desk, where he then pushed it clumsily into Tony’s chest. Tony took it with a fond roll of his eyes. “I appreciate the concern, but staying hydrated isn’t the issue here.”
“Guys,” Steve said, looking up at the team with slightly pink cheeks, “can I- uh- get a moment alone with Tony, please?”
They’d taken pretty much everything.
THERE'S GONNA BE ANOTHER CHAPTER. BEAR THAT IN MIND
“You know, you’re not very good with subtle distractions, are you?” Steve cut in dryly, looking up at him through his lashes and smiling when he saw Tony’s eyes widen a little. The boy opened his mouth and frowned, but then Steve saw the tell-tale red begin to stain his ears, and knew he’d caught Tony out that time.
“Right. Then let’s blow this popsicle stand. Quite literally.”
Tony just didn’t get it, mostly. Sure, there were people who weren’t really into the whole season, but Steve seemed to take an active dislike in it. And it was a bit disappointing, seeing as Tony had been… well, he
“You’re not on my side!” Steve snapped, stepping forward, “you’re just… you’re just being weirdly nice so that I let my guard down and then you can make fun of me again, or humiliate me in class or shove me over in the halls. Don’t think I’m not onto you, Stark, okay, I know your game!” He waggled a finger menacingly.
He was sat on a chair by Steve’s side, head bowed, seemingly asleep. His hand lay loosely over Steve’s, finger entwined, and the other hand sat bracing his cheek, holding him somewhat-upright.
Steve looked slightly taken aback by the sudden outburst, and his eyes were a little wide as he looked at Tony, out of breath and staring murderously back at him.
“You just…” she shut her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose tiredly, “You have to understand that Bucky- he’s pretty fucked up right now too. And he’s centered all his grief around helping you- even now, when you don’t need it anymore.” She cracked a smile and raised her eyebrows. “Protecting your arse is in his DNA, Steve.”
It’s a shitty day all round, really.
Tony looked at him bashfully, shrugging. “Was thinking about you,” he muttered, and then a second later he stifled a yawn and blinked slowly, “just… seemed like a cool idea at the time. Dunno.” He sighed. “I’m tired, Steve.”
God, he was actually doing this, wasn’t he? Last time he’d seen Tony, he’d been moving all of his stuff out of the man’s fucking home, trying his very hardest not to look him in the eye. This hardly even felt real. But then, of course, Steve watched the front door of the mansion open and Tony hurriedly step out of it, flooding the drive with light, and nothing had ever felt more startlingly,
Steve was nice, and he was so beautiful, and he was here, with Tony of all people. That was just so crazy. Of all people in the world, Steve should have been the last person on Earth to want him. And Tony could admit, he’d been going to spend the whole of tomorrow morning googling how to be good at sex, seeing as the plan had been that he and Steve would be doing that
He felt like he couldn’t breathe. Every memory was there in clarity for him to see- what he’d done, to… to Tony, oh God,
“But if you ever feel like… not being on your own,” Clint shrugged, eyes shifting to Steve’s honestly.
“I’ll survive, Jarvis, just do it.” Tony’s voice was sharp and held no room for argument, and a second later Tony felt the extra burst of speed as JARVIS followed the command. He sped over mountain-ranges pushing Mach 4, feeling the way his head began to throb a little. He wasn’t supposed to sustain this sort of speed for more than a minute or so, and no doubt his body would pay for it tomorrow. But that didn’t matter right now.
There was a long silence again. Tony wasn’t looking at him, and Steve had a feeling that there was more to that mark than just a fist in the face. There was an awful lot more to Tony that the surface, though. If Steve wanted to sort through it all, he wouldn’t even be too sure where to begin.
He really didn’t need to ask- he speedwalked as calmly as he could over to Steve and then pressed a gentle hand against his neck as JARVIS confirmed what he’d just felt. “49 beats-per-minute, sir.”
Steve’s eyes widened, and he realised that Tony was right. He had to get up. There was still some fight in him, and he had to wake up. Now.
“I am, yes. Because there is not a lot I can’t do when I put my mind to it, and Tony Stark, I would move heaven and Earth to make sure you never suffered like that. Never again.”
“Tony.” A pressure settled on each of his shoulders as Steve grasped him and tugged him a little closer in. The anger had morphed, turned into concern. Steve was worried. “What’s going on, huh? Talk to me. Tell me what you’re thinking.”
Steve looked down, nodding a little. “He’s… something else,” he said softly, repeating the same words Tony had used for him. “He’s also got it into his head that we shouldn’t speak any more, thanks to your show last night, so thanks for that,” he couldn’t help but add snappily. Bucky’s eyebrows rose and he had the decency to look a little ashamed. “Ah- that’s not… that’s not great, is it?” He asked sheepishly.
They’d be fine. It would work. They just wouldn’t be particularly…smooth. But as long as they came out of it alive, Steve could live with that.
Then Iron Man spoke, and threw Rumlow through the wall, and the clip ended.
It felt endless.
"Yeah," Steve nodded quietly, the memories flashing in front of his eyes- winter days spent curled together, just him and her, or summer nights spent on the roof of their apartment building watching the sun go down as Steve drew. "Yeah, she really was."
But something in his gut was telling him that that was probably not the case. He’d stepped over at least twenty bodies and counting, and like he’d said, no bullets, no signs of any obvious weaponry. Tony doubted whatever HYDRA could concoct would match up to this level of raw strength.
“Well he talked just now, didn’t he?” Steve asked simply, to which Thor stilled. “Just try, buddy. Maybe this—maybe this hit close to home for him. Maybe he’s ready to blow. I’ll look after Tony while you’re gone.”
Above him, Tony waited a second to make sure Steve was definitely out before sitting back a little. “Kind of anticlimactic,” he said, taking in a small breath of air and loosening his grip on Steve’s shoulders. “He definitely out?”
Turned out, he didn’t have to wait long. After sprinting down the corridor and snapping out various commands to JARVIS as he went, Tony stopped in the middle of the open-plan living room, checking his watch and then glancing back to Steve. A dozen different things flashed across his face for a moment, before it simply settled into a tense sort of trepidation. He straightened his back and relaxed his shoulders. “I know what you’re going to think,” Tony told him, throat bobbing nervously as he kept Steve’s gaze, “but I don’t have time to explain. I— I have to stop that thing. Just hold tight and stay put. I’ll tell you everything when I get back, I promise.”
Still- it was sweet of Tony to think he was.
And just as Tony began to frown a little at Steve’s incessant staring, Thor decided that would be the appropriate moment to bodily haul Steve off his chair and then insert him on his shoulders.
“Hey!” Tony yelped, hand shoving down his own collar and trying to retrieve the money, “I hate you. I hate all of you, Jesus, all my friends just bully me- look here, Rogers, take my fucking m-“
“- ‘if we wanted to ever have free time to play outside after school, we’d sit in his class and not say a word for the rest of the week’,” Sam piped up, a wry smile on his face as he shot a look over to Steve, “I was in that damn class. Honestly, it was the funniest day of my life. Tony, uh- he decided to kill two birds with one stone, get everyone to come up with him to the roof and ‘get their share of fresh air before the detention started’. Everyone worked together- best show of teamwork I’ve ever seen, I swear. We moved all of it. Every last poster and table and cabinet, and just put it all up on the roof. When they finally found us, Tony was at the front of the class teaching.” Sam burst out into laughter then, shoulders shrugging as he made a vague gesture with his hands. “But hey, we were all being very quiet. Come to think of it, I think I learned more in that lesson than I did during the whole term with that teacher.”
It’s probably a mixture of alcohol and overwrought emotions that does it in the end, but suddenly he’s stumbling forward and his mouth is on Steve’s and he’s kissing him with every emotion that he’ll never be able to speak about and hoping that Steve knows; that he’d understand, just for a moment, quite how much he means to Tony.
Clint and Natasha had gone over to the precinct where he’d been detained after the murder to interrogate him, and when Steve asked, it was Natasha who spoke. “Elliot Redford. His wife had cancer and they couldn’t afford it. He applied for the Stark Apprenticeship program because of the health insurance benefits, but didn’t make it through the interview process.” She swallowed, shook her head minutely. “He blamed Tony when she died.”
will help you through it,” Dad told him, and then yelped when Peter poked his ribs in penance.
He nodded, licking his lips as he looked down at Tony and raised his hand. He paused just before it settled against Tony’s reactor though, nervous. He wasn’t sure whether Tony would want him to do that now. Put his hand right on the most vulnerable part of him.
He bit his lip and felt his stomach sink even further. Oh God. He could stand to make his teachers upset, he could take the torment he might get from other kids- but one thing he never, ever wanted to see was Mrs. Wilson being disappointed in him.
Steve just gave him a long look, until Tony just bumped him again, sighing loudly. “I think you know me too well, Steve Rogers,” he declared, twisting the spanner sharply a couple of times before finally sitting back, letting go of what he’d been pressing down, “oh thank God, my finger was starting to cramp.”
“Steve—”
His legs buckled as he slipped and fell to the floor. It smelled like cleaning fluid and the dust bunnies clung to his clothes as he slumped against the surfaces.
“Uh, yeah. Kind of.”
“All that’s going to do is get you lost with them, Steve,” Clint snapped irritably, “come on, just—”
“Steve, look,” he said eventually, fanning out his hands and then curling them back in again, “I don’t want you to think you’re just another…”
“Yeah,” he murmured with a note of finality, kissing Tony's cheek before settling back into the pillows, “Just a dream, was all.”
“Together,” Steve screamed, rushing forward as Thanos turned his head to face them, uncaring of them now that he had all those stones in his fist. He thought of Rocket’s words from years ago, as he’d talked about sharing the stone’s power and managing to escape alive. The idea cleared his mind of the fog and gave him a target.
He slipped through the doors of their room, toeing off his shoes at the threshold and then running a hand through his hair, thinking of warmth and covers and soft pillows. He could do with falling straight to bed by that point in the night. It had been a good time, but a long one too. Although, unfortunately, he knew he was also probably going to have to shower before-hand too. He smelled like alcohol and sweat
Slowly, he walked further forward. The bags crinkled conspicuously as he moved, and he became unerringly aware of it. Tony always seemed to make something in him nervous. Like his mind could instinctively sense the chaos there.
“Well, you’ve done your part now, haven’t you agent Rogers?” He asked. “You got on your knees for him just like Fury asked, and the rest was easy. Now let the
“It’s cold and wet and you just got your ass beat, Steve, just take the fucking jacket.”
He turned off the shower and stepped out, drying himself off hastily and then wrapping the towel around his waist before he slipped back into the room. It was getting dark as the winter evening shrouded New York. Tony was stood watching the city from the window, hand curled around a glass of whiskey. It had been a long day.
The next time Steve looked down, Tony’s eyes were closed once more.
, God, you whisk me off to Ohio when I’m upset and you chop wood with your shirt off just ‘cause you know I like it, and it’s been years now but I just—every day you do something that’ll surprise me, that’ll make me laugh. I fall more and more in love with every moment.” He chuckled and then tipped his head forward, burying it into Steve’s shoulder. “That was horrendously sappy, I know, but it needed to be said.”
"good morning guys, we are going to bed,” Tony declared, pulling Steve forward and toward the elevator as Natasha, Bruce and Clint all filtered through into the kitchen.
“So how was
Not looking his teacher in the eye, he hurriedly ran out of the room and made his way down the corridors to the cafeteria. He had to admit, being short had its perks- there was no one who could move through the crowds as quickly as him- and he’d found his friends on their usual table in under two minutes, which was a personal best. Usually history block to dining hall took three minutes. And yes, he counted- you had to find some sort of way to pass the time at school, didn’t you?
“Nope,” Bucky said firmly, “you sit your ass back down, Stark, you can’t run off now, you should at least explain what just happened.”
Steve stared at him, realizing how small Tony looked when his personality was no longer filling up half the room. He looked so much more vulnerable sat here in front of Steve, his legs curled around Steve’s and his hands crossed over his stomach, like he was fending off attacks from something that wasn’t there. Tony was… Tony was sorta broken, if Steve was being honest. He drank too much and he had friends who weren’t really friends and a father who obviously didn’t treat him right and a mother who- who wasn’t even alive any more. Steve understood where Sam had been coming from on the first day.
Tony shut his eyes and let himself giggle as Steve leaned down and then started pressing dozens of messy kisses into his face, making exaggerated ‘mwah’ noises as he set each one down. “Yes, I can see that,” he responded, hands curling around Steve’s neck. “Steve, sweetie, I’m happy to see you too.”
Tony smiled, nodding jerkily and then shuffling around to look at Steve again. He bit his lip. “I don’t know what to do now,” he admitted quietly, glancing between the two people sat beside him, “I don’t even know where to begin. Jesus- I’m fucking homeless, guys.
Carol touched down, and Steve stopped thinking entirely. Stopped considering anything other than the fact that Tony was in there, on that ship, Oh God, please,
“Liar,” Steve sung, arms wrapping around Tony’s body and mouth littering kisses across Tony’s face, laughing throughout each and every one.
When Steve looked at him in shock, Bucky just huffed, looking over to the house with a soft smile on my face. “Dude, we’re both broke as shit. I just spent all my money on a car and Tash steals breakfasts bars from the corner store so that she isn’t going hungry until dinner.”
Steve just preened warmly and then proceeded to look apologetic all the way through the ride home as Tony attempted to explain to Pepper why he’d seemingly just decided to bolt out of the meeting room with not so much as a goodbye and leave her to make his excuses for him. By the time they’d gotten to the tower, it seemed that he’d managed to placate her with promises of paperwork being filled out in record time and lots of rescheduled meetings, and Steve kept his face appropriately bashful as Tony ended the call and glared at him. “You hear that?” He said, “that’s work that I have to do now. Because of you. Asshole.”
Tony just hummed. “Always am, sugarplum,” he answered, leaning in and giving Steve a quick kiss, “now go. I’ll be here when you get back. Promise.”
And I get if you’re mad at me, but when I’m with you it’s like everything else in my brain shuts off and I don’t have to worry anymore, because you’re warm and you smell nice and- yeah. Sorry, sorr-”
“Bah,” Peter said firmly.
“What did he even do to piss his dad off so much?” The dark haired boy asked after a few seconds of silence. “He’s been caught doing some pretty fucked up stuff and gotten away with it without… this happening.”
The Doctor bid them farewell, and as soon as they were out of the hospital Steve felt the smack of a soft fist against the meat of his arm. He looked left and saw Tony’s unimpressed face. “What did I tell you about touching foreign science stuff found in creepy basements?” He hissed, smacking Steve in the shoulder again, “don’t fucking do it! Don’t do it!”
They all looked at each other, before Steve pointed at Bruce. “Your fault,” he said, “you left the baby unattended. Rule number one.”
, just leave him on his own.” He glanced at his watch, then back at Mr. Wilson for a second, before making his decision. “I told him I’d see him this afternoon when school was finished. I need to check on him. I’m sorry, but I won’t go back on that. He needs me right now.” Steve clicked off his seatbelt and took his hand to the door, but then Paul reached out and put a hand on his shoulder.
an annoying voice in his head chimed in helpfully, sounding rather like Peggy Carter. He scowled, and in his mind's eye, he could see the way Peggy would have been smiling at that particular nonverbal response, one eyebrow raised fondly as she said '
He took a taxi home, unwilling to risk driving through New York while he was so tired. The guy tried to chat with him, and Tony could admit he was probably less than polite to the poor driver, but he gave him a hundred-dollar tip when he stepped out back home twenty minutes later, so he figured they were even.
. He wanted everyone else to be fucking done with it too, he didn’t want to be reminded constantly of everything Steve had fucking done to him while Tony had just stood there and taken it—
The projection flickered off, and the room was left in total quiet. Steve stared at the place where Tony’s body had been just seconds ago, and then felt his knees give up on him. He slumped down against the wall, elbows bracing his knees as he scraped fingernails through his hair. He felt fucking dizzy.
When they both stumbled into the kitchen, they all got a cheer from the rest of the team. “They emerge!” Bruce said as he threw up his hands with a grin, “what were you goddamn doing- it’s past midday, Steve, that’s not like you.”
“What, boyfriends?” Tony asked, eyes beginning to get a little wider with every confused blink, “I… yeah, that’s what I was… oh, do you- is that
The movie had been okay- Tony could admit, he’d slept through the first half of it- but afterward, they’d decided to go out and get something to eat, which had been fine, Tony had been starving after all. But it was then when he started realising what a lot of their conversations were centred around.
Tony laughed, “I’ll do my best. See you in a bit.”
me? I- Jesus, I love that idiot, God damn it, and I would never use him like that.
“Alright guys,” he turned around quickly, making sure not to speak too loudly and wake the ones who were sleeping, “we’ll see you in a bit.”
Tony made a noise. “That’s fucking stupid. Is he awake?”
“That’s the point.” He waved a hand. “I’m fixing it. And it won’t matter if I die, because I will never have existed in the first place.”
Steve nodded, already moving. “Thanks.” His SHIELD combat-boots squeaked along the floors as he hurried through, and for a second he wished he’d stayed in his civvies when he’d made it onto the jet. Tony probably knew who exactly Steve worked for by now, but still. Steve didn’t want him to see it in the flesh—somehow, that made it worse in his head. Like rubbing salt into the already-agonising wound.
It was what he was good at. Innovation. Clever little ideas that other people didn’t think of, that made people smile and gasp and wonder how he did it. He was leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of the world and he knew it. Now he just needed to remind his team of that.
“How long have I been under?”
Steve looked confused, but the rest of his friends just ‘ahhed’ in understanding. When he turned to them curiously, they all shook their heads. “The evilest girl to walk on Earth and the most dramatic boy in the universe are currently in the middle of a bitchfight- again,” Sam told him.
Stung like fuck, but he was used to that, by now.
“I—Uh… I don’t think he’s been moved out of Interrogation room 7 yet,” the man stuttered, checking with his computer, and Steve nodded. It was a common tactic to keep them in those bland rooms for a good long time, have them try and sleep shackled up to that uncomfortable desk. Steve wondered whether Tony had been seen to by a medic yet. His stomach curdled in a mixture of anger and horrible guilt when he realised that they almost certainly hadn’t. They’d let Tony sit in there and stew in it all: the capture, the pain. SHIELD didn’t expend any niceties to people they branded as terrorists.
"He's loud enough to be," Steve said mutinously, stifling a yawn, "anyway, we've made the executive decision that you're on babysitting duty today. Tony's got work and I've got, uh- stuff. Captain America Stuff." He shrugged and clapped Clint on the shoulder as Tony hoisted the baby up and then placed him in Clint's arms with a sweet smile. Peter turned to look at him as Tony stepped away, before glancing over to Clint with wide eyes.
— you think my life’s worth all three of yours? I don’t… I don’t
“Lots and lots of fireworks,” Tony said slowly, eyes widening a little in understanding. “Right.”
“Did someone hurt you?”
He chuckled to himself, sending of a multitude of question marks and then grinning when Tony hurried to explain with a myriad of texts that Steve couldn’t really understand, but contributed to wherever he could. Sometimes he caught glimpses of Tony’s genius like this; pure and excited and
“I am so sorry,” Tony was speaking before he even knew what he was going to say, the words tumbling out of his mouth like waterfalls, uncontained, “Steve, I never meant… I phrased my words in a shitty way, and I didn’t listen to what you were trying to tell me because I was being jerk, and I get it now, I do, and I- I swear, I won’t ever bring it up again. I’ve thrown all my Halloween junk out. I don’t want to celebrate it if it upsets you and I
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony looked like someone had just run over a puppy in front of him, and he pressed a self-conscious hand across his ribs where the bruises were worst. “Steve, you weren’t in your right mind, okay, it wasn’t your fault-”
Steve did so swiftly, keeping his mind on the task at hand. He knew roughly how to fly, and JARVIS explained that he could autopilot pretty much everything anyway, so once Steve was up in the jet, it was a pretty rapid takeoff. JARVIS estimated a ten-minute flight though, which meant Steve had a lot of time in which he was left with his own thoughts. He fiddled absently with the gun that he’d found under JARVIS’ guidance, cleaning it with a cloth while California sped along underneath him.
He shut his mouth and simply smiled at Bruce instead, a broken, bitter little thing. Then he looked back at the door that he knew Tony was behind, his feet tingling with the urge to stand up and see him. Give him what he was asking for. He sounded so upset. Steve would do anything to make him happier- anything at all.
“Yeah?” He said quietly, trying to keep his voice steady. It could be anything. It could just be Thor saying hey, it could be that he needed a favour, it could be that he wanted to know if Steve had seen Loki anywhere- he’d done that a few times in the past.
“I don’t know what the fuck you did, but you seem to have Steve wrapped pretty firmly around your little finger either way,” Bucky answered, hands shaking by his sides, “now I don’t know if you’re manipulating him, or blackmailing him, or just straight up fuckin’ lying to him ‘cause you want in his pants, but I’m telling you it ends here. You’re dangerous, Stark, and I won’t let you put a finger on him. He’s been through enough-”
Steve snorted, making an incredulous face as he leaned over and looked at Thor from across the table. “Why the hell would he… you know what, I don’t actually think I want to know.”
“No,” he shook his head in desperation, voice barely even making his words into a coherent form as he tried to hold back the chokes. He was already feeling drained, just from the few minutes being spent with Tony. It had used to be months before the effects would start. Tony had always been fascinated by his ability to withstand the magic demons carried- angels were never supposed to be in the same space as their kind for that long. It was how nature had designed them both.
Tony stood there, rigid as a post against Steve for another second or two, before eventually giving in and melting into him in the way Steve knew he would. His hands came up and curled tentatively around Steve’s waist, and his head fell forward, resting upon Steve’s shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he whispered, “Steve, I’m so so sorry-“
“Ahh, the basement,” Steve nodded and began walking to where Tony had instructed, “because that’s not the start to every horror movie ever.”
Despite the depressing nature of his words, Steve found himself smiling somewhat fondly. “At least we can be fucked up together, I suppose,” he said with a shrug and a small laugh, “that’s what friends are for, right?”
He’d been expecting something far more invasive than that, if the look on Clint’s face had been anything to go by. Steve rolled his eyes and looked away from his two friends, who were busy shooting smug little glances at one another and smiling down at him in pride. “It’s good,” he said, leaning back against the couch, “you know it’s good.”
That was the last thing Steve remembered hearing, drifting off once more to the sound of Tony’s rhythmic voice and the sensation of careful fingers working their way through his hair.
“Talking of well-earned breaks,” Sam piped up from behind them, and they both turned as he slid his phone across the table, “they’re the showing times for Fast and Furious. You’re all under legal obligation to come- team night.”
The layout inside was simple, they discovered quickly. Lots of wood and faded blankets draped across well-loved couches. There was a spacious living room, a bathroom with a tub and a faulty shower, and a bedroom with a bed that was about half the size of what they were used to. Tony laughed when he saw the gaudy yellow covers, then laughed harder when he saw the saw the pillows that had been adorned with cow embroidery, throwing one of them at Steve to let him look.
Brilliant. Way to make yourself look mature, Stark.
an awful lot, too- and now you’re pretty much the only family he has left.”
Tony stared at the window, absently calculating the force they would have needed to break through it, the size of the unit that would have stormed through judging by the width of destruction. The weapons they must have used. He saw where Happy was positioned; kneeling behind the bar on the far end of the living room. He’d had time to work out where was safest to stay. He’d probably even had time to put Peter somewhere else, before coming back to try and fight them off. Had Happy been holding Peter at the time, he probably wouldn’t have survived. But going by the empty gas cannister that he could see tucked away next to the skirting board, they must have spotted him holding the defensive position and simply chosen to gas him, rather than kill him.
Steve bit his lip and looked at the unconscious man lying on the cot in front of him. Absently, he brushed the sweaty hair off his face with a finger, curling it behind his ear and then dropping his hand until it settled over the arc reactor. He could feel Bruce’s gaze on him, but didn’t bother to comment on it. He was just so goddamn glad that they were all safe. It was more than he could ever have hoped for. “I could carry him back down the mountain,” he tried, but even then, he knew it wasn’t going to work. The terrain was too dangerous, made even worse by lack of light. Tony was too weak to cope with something like that. “God, fuck, we need to get out of here.”
“Well- I promised, didn’t I?” Tony replied delicately, and when Steve looked up, he was smiling downward at Steve. It didn’t last long; gone once he realized Steve had caught him- but the memory lingered in Steve’s mind, and more than anything he wanted to put it back there. It was an almost irrational desire- even after what had happened, even though it really shouldn’t matter that much- Steve just wanted him to smile.
His friends patted him on the back and told him to get some sleep when he got home, and Tony kissed him on the cheek and told him with a small grin that he better not catch Steve’s germs, and Steve smiled back with a roll of his eyes, sinking into Tony’s hug and letting himself be held for a few moments.
be called trespassing?”
The ride down to Reed’s lab was silent, eerily so. Steve listened to his own heart as it beat like a drum in his ears. He was so exhausted from the constant bombardment of adrenaline, of the sheer weight his emotions were pressing into him, that he wondered whether his body was just going to collapse soon. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he wished it would. He wished it would shrivel and die, let him escape this nightmare and go back to a place where Tony was alive and happy and smiling at him. Where everything was back to normal and nothing hurt.
He was asking Tony Stark to get ice cream with him.
“You have 24 hours to hold that over my head before I declare it null. You can’t use it against me for the rest of my damn life.”
“Dad is out working, young man, now I’m sure you can manage to make the perilous journey from here to the garbage can without complaining, yes?” She asked him, smacking him gently over the head before blowing a kiss to Steve, “you just eat your breakfast, love- I’ll be back at five.”
Eventually, a teacher yelled at them from across the cafeteria and Thor dropped Tony again, face sullen. Tony shot him a particularly scathing look, hitting him once in the arm before turning back around to Steve. “As I was saying, I hate Thor. He’s a terrible person.”
“Fuck, I
Steve looked up at Tony as he pouted imploringly, and then sighed. How was he ever supposed to say no to a look like that? “How do we get in?”
He jumped, turning to look at the voice that spoke from somewhere behind him. It took him a moment to process the face, but he got there in the end. “Doctor Cho,” he said dumbly, before the sudden deluge of memories came back to him. “The Avengers,” he breathed out, eyes widening and heart beginning to race, “are they—”
“I love you,” he chose to say, simply.
Steve breathed out softly, crowding over Tony as he rose to his knees, taking Tony’s face in his hands and kissing him gently, so very gently.
He breathed out and smiled, happy and sad at the same time. “Let’s go,” he agreed, hoisting up his bag and then starting to walk again- this time accompanied by a 6-foot wall of silent support.
Sam pulled a face, but walked ahead anyway. “She’s really not that-“
There was the roll of the eyes again, and Tony had to admit he got a kick out of making Steve do that- it had been what inspired 60% of their arguments way back when they could barely look at one another without fighting, after all. “You know, you’re lucky I’ve got a moral standard to live up to, or I would’ve killed you by now.”
Bruce turned and left without another word, leaving the two of them to fully re-acquaint with one another after those four long days of absence. Tony made sure to avoid the particularly deep wound in Steve’s side as he rolled his hips against the other man, and Steve reached out blindly for the monitor on his left, grabbing blindly until he found grip on a wire and tugged. The fast beats cut off with a burst of static, and they both laughed in amusement in between their frantic kisses.
Beside him, Thor coughed and raised his hand. “As someone who is decidedly interested in fashion and takes multiple online courses on the subject, may I interject with my opinion?”
He shrugged, looking away. “Yeah- yeah, I’m doing alright,” he answered simply. His hands fiddled with the button on his shirt, and the frayed edges bristled under his fingers. He really needed a new one.
“JARVIS, give me a frequency of 40,000 hertz, loud as you can,” Tony ordered as he lurched sideways, barely avoiding the LMD as it swiped a fist out in his direction. Steve snarled and leaped through the air, grabbing the robot’s hand before it could aim another blow Tony’s way. “Steve, sweetheart, hands over your ears!”
turn out to be a super mega genius,” Tony began quietly as Peter’s eyes fixed onto him intently, listening in to the best of his ability, “just remember that whatever you do, never try and be smart for other people. People knew I was a smart kid too. It… well, it sucked, actually. Everyone was always pushing and pushing and pushing, and I just wanted to play with my toys, but then someone would come in and tell me I had to do work instead, and I wanted to show them how smart and clever I was, so I’d do it. But I missed out on the playing. I missed out on a lot of things that most kids should have had.” Tony frowned, readjusting Peter in his arms and then listening to the sound of that inane fucking cartoon about the talking lemon and dead-eyed yellow dog play on the TV in front of him.
Cameras were down, but JARVIS could still read the heat signatures as they got closer. There was one significantly hotter than the others, which Tony was going to go ahead and presume was the Pyro. The other signatures that were above average had to be the other Enhanced. There were four of them.
“Steve,” Tony rolled his eyes fondly and took him by the arm, “hey, look, I’m just gonna make it simple for you. You’ve been staring at my ass for a solid 3 months now, and I’m getting tired of waiting for you to make the first move. Pretty pretty please let me give you a lesson?”
He couldn’t let Steve keep doing this to him. No matter how much he loved him, Tony just couldn’t. Deep down, he knew it wasn’t right.
and then slammed up to his room to wait it out. And, of course, Pops had hobbled up eventually; sitting on the bed with him and assuring him he was okay, he was tough as nails, and he would always,
“Group hug!” The God yelled, and Steve was laughing, tears still in his eyes as he rolled Tony into his arms and leaned over him, making sure he wasn’t crushed as four other superheroes launched themselves on top of them, whooping and yelling and (In Clint’s case, anyway) removing their shirts to swing them like lassos.
“I just-“ Natasha began, voice uncharacteristically subdued as she briefly cut herself off. Tony spared a glance back around at her, and saw the way her lips were tightly pursed. She looked right at him, solemn and downright
Behind him, he could feel her unnatural stillness. He realised that he didn’t want a response to what he’d said. He was well aware of how dumb it sounded, and certainly didn’t need her to confirm that. “Leave,” he said simply, “now, please, thank you.”
