“I don’t know if I can for now. All that matters to me now is to get out of here. I don’t have the strength to continue this conversation. It’s pointless.” Steve says, his voice low and tired. He calmed down but he still needs more time to fully process the news. The events are still fresh in his mind.
As they climb the stairs and open the door to the surface, they see darkness, only the moon provides some light. Tony and Steve breath in the fresh air of the night and now it finally seems they are truly free. The way they escaped was strange but they can’t complain.
"N-no... I d-don't know..." Tony says, it's barely a whisper and his voice is shaking but Tiberius hears it and he is satisfied.
He heard as everyone in the comms sighed, mission accomplished. Nobody died. At least that’s what they thought.
"Iron man, do what he told you to do! There's no time for this not now..." Natasha said. She was fed up with the full-time teasing from Tony's side. For a genius he is sometimes unbelievably stupid, they both are so absolutely blind to each other's feelings.
"So who was it on the roof?" Tony asked with confusion in his voice.
Everyone in the room is silent, no one knows what to actually do. Tony is always the head of this type of operation because of his many experiences with them. Steve excels more in battle plans. However, they still have three spies on their side and they should be able to come up with a solution to save Tony unharmed.
"Don't mind me I'm just waiting for you to pick me up..." Clint blurted out of nowhere. He was feeling like he is out of the conversation and he probably was.
"S-S-S-Steve?"
Meanwhile, the bots were coming closer and closer. They were almost there, reaching for them. It was time for the real fight.
"Are you here for Mr Stark?" The doctor asks.
The team is preparing to go into action and meanwhile, JARVIS is trying to find where the car went via the cameras all around the city. To a normal human being, it would take hours or even days to go through all the footage but the A.I. has the results in less than five minutes.
Now it's time for the pie and then the proposal. Maybe Steve just had a bad day, the mission wasn't as successful as he wanted it to be, that's why he behaves so weirdly. It has nothing to do with Tony, he did nothing wrong, the pie will improve it.
"Okay, but you can always talk to me about anything. I just want you to know that." Steve says and hopes that it will encourage Tony to finally tell him the truth. Steve shifts uncomfortably from leg to leg as he still stands in the door frame.
There are a few buildings in the area but it's mainly just long fields of wheat and corn all around them. The kidnappers can have a bunker under the ground, everything is possible and the team is going to look everywhere; under every stone, behind every tree or bush, simply everywhere.
It may look like Tony hates Steve but, in fact, it's the opposite even when it doesn't seem like it. He would do anything for the blue-eyed soldier even give his life. He would gladly look like Steve is with someone else at his expense, as long as it will make him happy.
"Oh, I wouldn't be so excited if I were you. I'm not going to be easy on you this time." Clint tries to defend himself.
There was a lot more to the bots than they thought. The four of them were holding up bravely but their strength was slowly leaving them.
He sped to him, putting him in his lap, keeping pressure on the wound, stopping the stream of blood. He didn't care that he will get dirty from the blood, all that matters is to save Tony.
“The operation was successful he is not out of the danger yet. But there is a high chance that he will make it. He may even wake up soon.”
“Guys, now I know where are the civilians. The bots dragged them into a dead end and now they are guarding them, so they can’t run away.” Natasha shouted in the comms with a voice full of worry.
As he waits for the data to upload to the disk he wonders what Tony is doing right now...
"Tony, can you hear me? Where are you? Please say something..." Steve’s voice was shaking with fear as he asked and still no answer.
“Are you serious?” Tony didn’t know if he heard right or if Steve was just joking.
When Steve wakes up everything hurts. He can feel a hard surface under his body and blood is running down his forehead, he must have hit his head as they were moving him to wherever he is now.
"Where is Cap?" Clint asks as the members of the team are standing in front of the quinjet that got them here. The archer is leaning on a stone, visibly tired and yawns before he gets an answer.
He had almost no time left. In a while, he would go into cardiac arrest. This is fine. He is going to die for something that matters, after all, saving so many lifes from going kaboom, that's a pretty good ending for someone like him.
And if you are asking where is the but I can assure you there isn't.
Steve takes Tony's face in his hands because he sees the genius is panicking. He cups his cheeks gently with love in every movement. And then he opens his mouth to ask what happened because he is still confused and he wants to know why.
When they arrive, everyone agrees that it should be Natasha who tells the CEO the news of their failure somewhere in private. She is the most compassionate of them all and she is a woman. The female assassin accepts and goes to find the other woman. Meanwhile, the rest of the team parts in their rooms and goes to sleep. Hopefully, they will find their two missing teammates tomorrow.
Steve is confused, the kidnaper said he is not giving Tony food but then he throws bread on him that doesn't make sense and the blond is confused. However, there's no time to be thinking about something unmeaningful like that. The man is probably crazy since he kidnapped them in the first place.
"So Cap has already gone to that mission?" Clint asks curiously.
"Oh, so you don't know? Funny. Firstly, you tell me how worthless and unlovable I'm and then when I try to end your misery you ask what happened to me?" It's not true Steve would never say something like that to Tony. He loves the man, he wants to spend the rest of his life with him.
"S-Steve… S-sorry... I c-can't..." And at that, the vampire jumps through the light on the blond. His fangs dig into the supersoldier's neck and pump out the sweet blood he needs so much. Tony is sure Steve is going to hate him for the rest of his life and that he will never have the chance to have a loving relationship with the blond but right now his mind only concentrates on the artery under his fangs.
"Surprise! Do you like it?" Tony asks full of enthusiasm.
It was horrendous. The whole mission was a trap on Steve and he got caught. They had a shapeshifter and all they needed was Steve's DNA for him to be able to walk around looking like Captain America.
Pepper immediately tells JARVIS to find it and after a few seconds, the A.I. announces that Tony’s tracker is located still near the tower. Everyone is wondering what he could be possibly doing there and so they rather ask the A.I to show them cameras around the place. There is still a chance that it's a trap and Tony has been kidnapped. Although no one wants to think about that possibility.
"Guys, can you hear me? Tony is gravely injured he needs immediate medical help and a new arc reactor..." he blurted in the comms, hoping that someone hears him. Tony’s time was cut shorter and shorter every second and it didn’t look well.
"I'll try."
As Steve was walking behind the doctor to Tony’s room he turned to look at his teammates to find out if they are mad at him since he is the only one who gets to see Tony.
"Peter's kicking, Steve," Tony smiled, placing his hand where he felt their child's feet kicking the wall of his swollen belly. He was seven months pregnant now and was expected to be due within two months and a couple of days, "He's been doing this almost all day."
"I did something wrong, I know I did."
____________________________________
Steve looked at his partner, "Honey, are you sure about this?" He rubs his arm, though he wanted to see her as well.
Tony lays on his side and sighed, "Fuck, that was intense.."
"Goodbye, Morgan." He said in a hushed tone, and closed his eyes with running tears.
Steve sighs in defeat, and threads Tony's hair, "I can't say no to you, omega..."
"I-I know, but.." Steve looks down between his legs and back up at Tony, "I'm a.. super soldier."
tight around his twitching cock, "Fuck, oh my god, you're
"God, I love you too," Steve says back.
"If you want.. of course we don't have to do it now.. you're not even fertile, but I was just-"
Steve noticed a Captain America pacifier that was located inside of his crib. He picked it up, and placed it in the infants mouth, rocking him. Peter's cries turned into small whimpers before he became completely silent, sucking on the pacifier as his eyes started to close. Steve smiled, and kissed his son's forehead. He carefully placed him back in the crib, and the baby slept soundly, softly snoring.
Soon, Doctor Strange came back to the parents with their first born, which they cleansed, and gave it to Tony.
"You missed this?" Steve grips his waist, slamming his body down continuously on his large length. Tony's small tits bounced from the impact of his thrusting. Steve huffs, "Missed this, huh baby?"
"Except our kicking baby," Steve said, placing a hand on Tony's belly, reminding him of his pregnancy.
Steve lightly sniffs his hair, closing his eyes, "How about we sleep now, then?"
"You know Steve, it's been awhile," Tony broke the comfortable silence, and leans over on his alpha, circling his finger on his clothed abs.
Steve smiles as well, but then it fades and he averts his eyes, face reddening. Tony tilts his head, "Got something on your mind?"
"Well, nothing's stopping us from doing it now is there?" Tony smirks, lightly grinding against Steve's knee and biting his lip.
"Now, I didn't say all that."
"I know. But damn.. We're really gonna be parents in two months, huh?"Tony said with a sigh, "Kinda crazy when you really think about it."
"Steve, I've been holding this feeling in for months. I have needs too..." Tony slid down to his knees, and looks up at him with a pleading look, "Please? You know I don't like waiting."
Steve grabs Tony's full tits, squeezing onto them in his palms. They were one of his favorite part of Tony's pregnancy. So squishy, and it was adorable when Tony became embarrassed when he suddenly lactated. Man,  was he gonna miss them when they were gone. The omega couldn't stop himself from moaning louder. His skin was hot and more sensitive than before his pregnancy, especially on his chest and the parts below his waist.
The Omega's brown eyes closed, tasting the salty and slightly sweet pre cum form the back of his throat. He savors the flavor, feeling Steve's hand push his head down a bit further until his nose tickled when it met dark blonde pubic hair. Tony gags, and pulls Steve's cock out of his mouth with a slight popping sound. Saliva trailed behind, and he pants to catch his breath, brushing his hair back.
"Sure can do," Steve complied, turning off the lamp and he laid back next to his lover.
said back there."
"There were some... Complications during the second child's birth." Strange said, trying to keep it professional.
Peter's cries echoed into the quiet night, alarming the parents. Tony grunted, and turned onto his side. Steve didn't want to wake his lover, he carefully gets out of bed, and strolls over to his child's room.
"Come on, Steve. I know you want me.. I know you missed this," Tony lifts up the bottom hem of his shirt, his small breasts and perky nipples bare for Steve to see, and he saw a blush on Steve's face, "See.. You know it won't hurt the baby, right?"
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Steve placed a hand on his lover's bottom, "Soon, we'll be able to.. do our thing again."
"First?!" They both exclaimed incredulously.
Tony breaths heavily, hearing a loud, pleased noise from above and feeling his alpha's thrusts start to lack in rhythm, "Alpha, are you close?"
"I know I do.. Because I swear to God if it isn't mine-"
Tony blinked, his heart beating against his chest, "Steve.. that's not.. that's not stupid."
Tony giggled softly, "It's almost time for him to come out. He's probably just real excited about it."
"Feels good, omega?" Steve grunts, and gently tangles his fingers through his brown curls.
"It's stupid but.." Steve sighs and decides to just say  exactly what he was thinking. No filters, "Tony.. I just.. I love you, I really do. I'm so happy we mated, and that I married you. And.. we're gonna have a kid. These have been the craziest and happiest years of my life and you've made me the happiest alpha ever. I don't know what I would be doing without you."
"Goodnight Peter. See you in a few months," Steve kisses Tony's tummy, laying down and caressing it gently. Tony giggled from the belly rubs, closing his eyes.
Strange stood up, shielding the infant from the parent's sight. He handed one of the other doctors the baby, and they all started scrambling around the room, chattering lowly.
Strange paused, before leaving the room. A couple of minutes later, he came back with a towel covering their deceased baby.
Steve gently wraps his arm around his heavy belly, nipping at the bonding mark from when they first mated, "It's okay, I got you, love. You can cum."
"Mr. Stark, you're having a second child. I need you to just calm down and breathe." Strange said straightforwardly, getting back in position between his patients legs.
"Yeah," Steve breathes out in a whisper, tangling fingers around his hair.
"What's gonna be his middle name?"
"God, yes.." Steve grinds his hips against his lover harder, nearing his own release as it crept up on him, and he growls deep from his chest, "I'm gonna cum soon.."
"I have you, omega. So good. Taking me in so well," Steve praises, landing a gentle slap on his ass, before placing his hands on Tony's hips.
"There we are!" Strange held the second baby out as Tony leant back against the pillows, his chest heaving as he chuckled dryly, the pain finally subsided.
"Peter Benjamin Stark-Rogers."
Strange turned to leave the room.
from his needs. It drove him crazy.
Tony whined, and leaned his head back, "Here we go again." His face twisted up in pain, already feeling the other baby start to stretch him open.
Tony pants, placing a hand on the back of Steve's head, grabbing his hair. The blonde starts to suck harsher, feeling some liquid exude out and into his mouth. It didn't taste bad. It was mild and a little sweeter than cow's milk. Steve treated his other breast the same, the sucks hot, wet and erotic. Tony was moaning, flushing and becoming harder over the treatment - Steve could feel his husband's horniness pressing right onto his leg.
"We could. One day," Tony turns back to Peter, "Twins would've been such a hassle."
Steve bursts into the hospital, immediately rushing up to the front desk and demanding to see his husband who was in labor. The nurse told him to settle down, and Steve sighed and apologized for his behavior.
"T-Take it off.." Tony panted hazily, "Please.. I wanna feel your cum filling me.."
And with that, the two - the
Steve looked at his new child grinning gently, "A start of a new world."
me in. Goddamn, you
Tony nodded, sniffling as the pain came striking back, shooting through his body. He slammed his head back on the pillows, eyes squeezed shut tightly. The head was out in mere minutes, the rest was fairly easy. After three big painful pushes, the child was out, a little baby girl.
Steve holds his hips, thrusting a little faster than before. Tony's body scoots upwards a tad, and he grips the blankets from the feeling of Steve's thick hardness deepening in and out of him.
love my cock don't you, baby?" Steve grabs his lover's chest again, purring in his ear, "Even when you're seven months pregnant you still want me to fuck this pretty little pussy. Damn, even Peter's gonna know how badly daddy loves papa's cock.."
"He's so wonderful, Steve." Tony marveled his baby, "Oh God, look at what we've made..."
"I know. He seems like he's gonna be a pretty rambunctious kid," Steve said, putting his hand underneath Tony's in order to feel the kicking, "And real smart. Considering who his daddy is."
"Who cares? It's our babies.. and we're gonna take care of them." Tony smiled wearily.
"Yes. Please. I want to say goodbye to my little girl." Tony said, looking at the doctor through the blurriness his tears caused.
"You're doing great, Mr. Stark. The head is out." The doctor called from his spot, supporting the head with the towel.
Steve kept pounding him, and then eventually slowed down until Tony's loud cries gradually reduced back to soft moans, his head hanging between his shoulders. The blond caresses him in a soothing manner. He leans over to kiss the back of his neck, and Tony lifts his back up and turns around to meet Steve's mouth with his. Wet, erotic kisses flutter through the heavy air, as they mutter dirty phrases to each other between the collision of their lips. They entwine their ringed hands, slowly grinding their bodies together and continue with their sweetness. After a few more moments of savoring each others lips, Steve pulls away, Tony lays his head on the mattress for his spine to become steep.
"Real mature," Tony chuckled silently, and licked his lips when he felt Steve start to enter him.
"Please, make it stop!" Tony screamed, starting to cry.
Steve looked at him, caressing his shoulder, "Tony, don't say that. We don't know what could have possibly happened. It just.. well, it happened." He sighed, kissing his cheek.
"You ask too much questions, Rogers," Tony said impatiently.
"Shit, Tony," The blonde moans, pleasure bolting up his spine. One hand on the bed and the other on Tony's head.
"You're so big, so thick, it feels so good. You fill me up so good.." Tony hums.
"Alright, now I think we should go." Tony grabs his husband's hand, and they both headed back into the bedroom, where the two slept peacefully.
damn good, Tony.. This what you wanted, omega? Goin' nice and rough for you?"
Steve pants, and tenses up from his climax. He pats Tony's head as a praise. Tony stands up to kiss Steve's neck, placing a knee on the bed to maintain balance. He starts planting kissing down to his chest and he sucks on one of his Alpha's pecs. Steve sighs in pleasure, unusually sensitive in that area. Before his serum, his chest wasn't as sensitive as it was now. Tony makes a hickey on his meaty muscle, and pulls away from him.
"I-I'm a slut, Steve. I'm such a fucking slut. I'd do anything for cock," Tony says, closing his eyes.
Tony nods and bends himself over the bed, his boxers visibly wet from the slick.
"Oh god, holy fuck. It's like you're
"Oh god, Steve!" Tony's moans broke and he slowly begins to see stars as Steve's cock suddenly starts hitting his prostate, the nerves spasming from the forceful contact. He melts from the feeling, his hands desperately clinging to the white sheets, "Uh, yeah, please don't stop!" Tony says it like he's begging.
"Oh my god, we have two kids.." Steve ran a hand through his blonde hair, chuckling in disbelief at the unexpected second child, "Can we even handle that?"
"You're a handful, Tony," Steve said, smoothing his hand over his husband's belly.
"I can't believe I killed her." Tony said after a few minutes, closing his eyes in shame.
Tony could ask. He
Steve groans into his hands. He’s hunched over a desk in the common room of Avenger’s Dorm, where the subject of their conversation is unlikely to appear. “If I’d gotten up I would’ve woken Tony.” Also, he’d been a little bit frozen by panic, but he’s not going to say that.
(a) are you still sane (b) was it cthon because he is BANNED from this plane of existence and should know better and (c) how many face tentacles did it have
Tony’s here, now. Steve can hear him speaking softly on his phone. He can hear the person on the other end, too: it’s Pepper. Tony could be on the phone with Ross, could be telling him,
A harbor porpoise swims alongside him until it can’t keep up with the boat any more. The sky is dotted with fluffy, rococo clouds when he ties up the boat at a little dock.
“I missed you.” It doesn’t matter how it happened. All that matters is that it’s Tony. Steve’s eyes burn and blur. “You were gone so long.”
Steve had asked.
Oh and also the windows looked out on what seemed a lot like Victorian London.
– Correct, by the book. “Hoyle” is a dictionary of rules for card playing games
“What if I don’t do it?”
Then again, lies are everywhere. There are probably a few in this story, too.
, which in our reality wasn't shown until 1882. Guess Manet painted it earlier on Earth-51920!
Steve doesn’t ask why. He sits and waits and stares a bit at Stark's hands himself.
Tony’s plastic face is bent into a smirk. He lands toe-first like a ballet dancer and Steve wonders if he knew exactly what would happen when he came here and if he hoped this would happen and what he would do if he had a choice.
he seemed to get some sort of readings from doing that and was muttering about how the vashta nerada will hopefully take care of them
, Tony didn’t have time to say before Steve tugged the glove off his right hand.
For the first time, Steve tries to pull away. This isn't Tony, not really, and Steve knows
Red Wolf stands at his back, firing a revolver. “He wanted to blow up the casino.”
Steve said, “No.”
Steve shakes his head. “Nah, Honton didn’t know this book from the rear end of a horse. Someone thought he did, though.”
“JARVIS, screen off, please,” Steve whispers.
“You don’t have to,” Tony says again.
Stark’s got two empty bottles of whiskey in front of him, and a half-drunk one in his hand when Steve walks inside. The batwing doors swivel closed behind him and he takes stock of the saloon. Neppie isn’t among the dancers tonight. The other men are at the poker tables, playing or watching. Stark’s alone at the bar with his bottles.
There’s a little patio in the back, with kelly-green picnic tables, crunchy gravel underfoot, and potted plants in tin containers. He finds an unoccupied corner of a bench and squeezes into the table, letting the buzz of activity flow around him. His smoothie is named after the Hulk, probably because it’s green rather than any other reason; Steve hasn’t seen Bruce eat much kale or seem particularly interested in coconut water, and suspects the concept of drinking wheatgrass would induce smashing-type behavior more than anything else. He scarfs down his sesame bagel with scallion cream cheese and then his protein omelette breakfast bagel sandwich with egg whites and Swiss cheese and then he’s thinking about cheese again.
“That’s what happened.”
This catch’s Stark attention. His eyes search Steve’s face with an intensity Steve doesn’t know what to make of. Then he smiles wide as the Mississippi. “You bet,” he assures Steve, toasting him with his flask before taking another pull and walking away.
Tony almost says,
“Why’s that?”
“I’m sure you’ll find some way to repay me, won’t you?”
Steve shrugs. “I know I didn’t.”
“Not precisely, no. Do you?”
as is his tendency to stare at you
“C’mon, Nat. I hurt you.”
“Secretary Kooning, a federal judge, and a jury of your peers disagree.”
“That’s quite dismissive talk from someone who goes to bed with a U.S.S.
“You know,” Steve says, chewing on his lip as he turns back to face Tony, “before I met you, it was—a lot. I’m not all better, you know, just like that, it’s a long road to stability with PTSD, but you’ve been helping so much. Just being with you helps.”
Farewell!
"Feeling any better than before?"
Ignoring him, Urich runs up to the bar. “A boy came by
“So why don’t you want to now?”
Ten days after the Avengers’ encounter with the Asgardian sorceress, James Buchanan “Bucky” Barnes was dropped off at the edge of Avengers Compound’s security perimeter by a long-haul truck driver, who was never relieved of the misapprehension that his passenger had been an ordinary hitchhiker. This was considered, by team consensus, better than the truth.
“Oh yes, some centuries ago. It’s all regulated, of course, but your arrival was scheduled—lucky thing records of your trip survived, actually, sometimes when—well, that’s a few years ahead of you yet, you’ll find out,” Lieutenant Gonzales replies. Tony nods along like this is all exactly as expected and perfectly comprehensible. “So all the bureaucratic pieces are in place to send one or both of you wherever you like. We’re on course now to Frontier Outpost 12. Our expected—”
Tony doesn’t wake up.
right?
yeah the bipedal ones had a kinda 1920s depictions vibe
Steve accepts the cookie, at a loss for words. When Tony isn’t looking, he tucks it into one of his belt pouches. Maybe it will be enough to repay Loki for her help.
“You enjoy yourself then, Sheriff.”
It’s that moment that the conference call system shows the addition of three new signals. “Don’t wonder about our sex lives, and we won’t wonder about yours,” Spencer says, voice challenging.
“Oh god, don’t start,” Hardison whines.
“Is that how you see it?”
Most of an hour passes before Stark stirs. He pushes himself upright, his eyes falling on the glass of water. He puzzles at it for a moment before he notices Steve beside him. “Didn’t have to sit here doin’ nuthin’ like that,” he says, taking a chunk of buttered bread. He gobbles it down without getting a crumb in his mustache, though his fingers are greasy with butter. He licks them clean.
“No disapproving looks allowed on my island.”
what kind of library?
he would but I don’t think he’d be worried like that about just anyone
“I could—if we find a way for it to stop this, then I’ll denounce the Act. Erase the database entirely.”
“I’m here to find someone,” Tony says. “He’s not supposed to be here.”
“We’re going to figure this out,” Steve says again.
"Can't complain much about the results," Tony agrees.
||TEXT-TO-SPEECH: ENABLED||
“So,” Tony starts, “that could have gone better.” He wishes he were in the same room as Steve right now. This is one of those relationship things where he should be there, he’s sure.
Tony watched them leave, then let his head fall back onto his pillow with a groan. “I love this.”
“Don’t let us keep you—” Tony starts to say, just as Steve says, “Anything out of the ordinary happening in town?”
“Yes, thank you, you’re an angel, tell Wilson that Captain America’s office hours begin at 8 AM but I’m stuck in administration these days and—” the line goes dead before Tony can finish. Oh well.
Tony unwittingly rescues him by speaking first. “Hey,” he says quietly, “I wanted to thank you again, for your present. A lot of people don’t bother to get me anything, which makes sense, I mean, I have more money than anyone should really have, I can buy whatever I want.”
“I still should’ve stayed.”
The truth was that there was not a change to observe.
A handful of Hydra agents are apprehended. A week later, three AIM lackeys are brought in. Several of these prisoners, independently of one another, attest that the body of Aleksander Lukin houses not only his own consciousness, but that of Red Skull as well.
Steve’s looked at him in hatred before. This is worse; Steve looks resigned. He already knows Tony’s going to disappoint him.
“I’m sorry.”
“Not really,” Tony says, sitting up and making room for Steve to join him. “Weird, though.”
i’m all set
Tony takes his hand. “Hey. Today was a lot, huh?”
right yes
Steve read sitting up in bed, wearing his winter coat, paperback balanced on his knees, illuminated by the night sky and the neon deli sign. Instead of his patched and mostly intact gloves, he wore an old pair he’d saved despite its irreparable holes; an opening on his index finger allowed him the dexterity to turn the pages of his book. He’d doze off now and then, but couldn’t escape the chill that cut through wool straight to his bones.
“Tony!” the other Captain America screams.
He’s almost to the opposite shore. There’s a mosquito bite in the fold between two of his fingers, and several more on his knuckles. The mud-streaked faces of the dead stare up at him. If he fell face-first into the water with his next step, he’d be able to touch the shore with the tips of his fingers. He wonders what he’ll do when he’s standing solid ground again. If he’ll be able to find enough fuel to build a fire. If he’ll wake in a blanket of mosquitos and dragonflies. If he’ll wake buried in mud, staring up through rushing water to the sky above. If he’ll wake up at all.
Create tile if Iron Man takes more than 1500, 1350 from a member of Team Cap, or 1105 from Captain America himself. Destroy all Escalation tiles if there are at least 4 Iron Man Escalation Tiles. Generates 1 Yellow AP for every 3 tiles destroyed.
Tony is back in his armor. His helmet is tucked under one arm when he walks up, smiling like it’s a regular morning and they’re standing at the coffeemaker, Steve back from his morning run, Tony either still awake after a long night or getting up for an early meeting. Which will never happen again.
He needn’t worry, as it turns out: Tony’s cantillating something of his own, and whatever he’s saying, it’s lifting him off his feet until he’s floating four feet off the ground like a duck on water. His eyes have become polished steel, unblinking and luminous. Tony’s chanting hasn’t let up, though Wormseed’s has—the breath’s sucked right out of him like juice from a lemon.
“No, but I’m trying. I’m not saying it’ll be easy. But you’re worth it.”
“That’s a guy who is gorgeous, sweet, and dumb as fuck,” Tony explains.
Sam’s at the service, too. He registered so he could come officially. Steve knows Sam did it for him. Sam doesn’t think he owes Tony anything, but he knew what his presence would mean to Steve.
“I think it solves one or two things.” Steve tries to smile. It shouldn’t be so hard when his whole body thrums with joy and elation and slowly dawning relief. It hasn’t entirely sunk in yet that they’re going to fix this. Loving and hating each other from across the battlefield accomplished nothing, but they know better now.
What if no one comes?
love with me?”
you WOULD though
why can we text you but not clint
“And,” Lieutenant Gonzales continues, “if whatever you choose has altered the timeline, they wouldn’t have given you blanket permission.”
“So I’m the next sucker who has to try?”
Steve still doesn’t get it. But after all, how could he?
okay!
Tony takes Steve’s hand and lets himself be pushed across the mattress with a puff of laughter.
“Not so sure it’s right for a guy to be with a girl he’s shot at a fair few times.”
Tony’s expression darkens, and already Steve regrets what he said, not that he knows what’s wrong with it this time. “Right, because—”
If Tony’s smile on waking up was a lightning flash, this one is a storm blowing away to reveal a noonday sun. “Well of course,” Tony replies, and Steve grins back so wide his cheeks are already sore. “
Loki shrugs delicately. “The last I saw him, he was curled up under a tree in Avengers Park.”
the haunted one?
Another is:
“Did you have any other injuries the day we got hit by the spell?”
Tony still hasn’t caught the man blinking. “I’m sure I will,” Tony replies at last, and, taking Wormseed’s words as a dismissal, takes his leave.
Before Steve can answer, the doors to the saloon swing open. "Sheriff!"
“If you ever do, I hope it is not while you have this book in your possession. He has a power greater and darker than my own, one to rival even the evil contained in these pages. If there is an earthly man capable of using this book without being consumed by it, it is he. He would have a power no man should wield, and him least of all.”
Together they get most of the mud off his face, and then Steve can breathe again without feeling like he’s inhaling and exhaling wet soil. “You got my message?” he asks faintly, pressing himself into Tony.
Tony tucks himself into his forge with his coffin varnish and calls it a night.
what do we do after that
The clack of Alicia’s heels on the tile send a chill up Tony’s spine. “The kitchen,” he says, like it isn’t self-evident, eyes darting to where she’s standing, tapping a note on her tablet. Every time he looks over at her, he expects to see something—someone?—different.
There aren’t as many gifts as Steve expected. A lot of people must’ve just brought bottles of alcohol or snacks to share with the whole party.
A smiling man meets Steve in a lobby that feels like a marble and glass monument to art deco decadence. He has the glossy, too-smooth features of a low-tier Extremis upgrade. He passes Steve a keycard without touching him or addressing him by name.
“A fella could get used to that,” Tony says breathlessly.
“Mister Wong says this book’s turned hale and hearty men into pale, cold things as can’t stand the sunlight or swallow anythin’ that ain’t human blood.”
“It’s exactly like a truth spell,” Steve said. “There’s only one interpretation of everything we say. There’s less wiggle room. You have to tell me everything related to it.”
“Yes,” Steve and Tony say at the same time and holy shit, he saw Steve yesterday, but he misses him so fucking much right now.
Tony’s eyes are huge and locked on Steve’s face. All Steve can do is stare back.
“I say a lot of things, most of all when I’m flushed,” Tony says, snappish and defensive.
Steve chuckles. “Did you even hear what I said? And I think your water’s boiling.”
Steve scoffs.
“Okay, you asked him about it. Then what?”
“Why don’t I just show you around,” Tony says, trying to put his finger on why she makes him feel so ill-at-ease, or why none of her sketches and color palettes appeal to him. It’s not like
like that thing you said after we got pretzels? was that a normal thing to say?
“It’s like that with asthma, sometimes,” Steve agrees. “I can’t really breathe when I get a bad attack.”
okay so
you will make an excellent couple
Steve arranges Tony so he sits with his legs hanging off the bed, his wounded feet well away from the floor. Steve sits behind him, high on his knees, and wraps his hands around Tony’s neck. Tony’s thoughts white out. He thinks again of the reprieve unconsciousness offers, then again of what Steve might do with his body while he’s absent.
“But,” Tony says, as patiently as he can, “your phone said my name on the caller ID, right?”
Any vulnerabilities of note?
i have a dog
from the other line.
Tony sits up and opens his eyes. His skin looks lit from within. He smirks, nastily, his eyes narrowed. “Now I do. And it looks like I was right. Cheer up, you’re young and strong again.”
The men have been gone for hours, though Tony can’t be sure how many; his vision will swim, then go dark, hurting too much to stay conscious, only for the pain to wake him again an indeterminate amount of time later. But he doesn’t think it could be much more than five or six. Usually what wakes him is the pulsing ache in the side with the dislocated shoulder, throbbing with every breath.
What’s right is right. If you believe it, you stand up for it. Steve remembers what happens when a government starts curtailing the freedoms of certain groups. He won’t let it go that way again. If Tony weren’t so obsessed with power, with control, with the way he wants things to be, they could have stopped the SHRA together. Instead, Tony’s betrayed him once again, and Steve has no choice but to take him down before he abuses his power any further.
“I know it’s not much,” Steve says with a little grimace.
He has some more information to share about that formula, too.
Tony jerks. He deserves that, but it still lands on him like a punch to his solar plexus. "The last time," he says. His eyes fall back to his lap. There's a blank space on his right wrist where no symbols are inscribed, with a pink imprint circling his skin at either end. He wonders why he'd had to be restrained, and how long ago it was. If he woke before, too drugged or too in pain to notice. If he had nightmares. Or if it predates his time here, recovering from whatever-it-is. "The last time I remember," he amends, hating himself.
“Rogers—” a voice starts from the front, before it’s cut off by a thundering shot and the sound of a man falling to the floor with a groan.
“So improvise. Isn’t that what you do?”
The embarrassing thing is that it took three weeks before anyone noticed.
oh so actually
how’s being trapped in a stairwell?
“I never told you this. Never told
Beside Steve's chair is an end table, a wooden one that looks like it was plucked from the same living room as the plush armchair. The room they're in is small and private, the door shut, and it reminds Tony of the helicarrier, and it smells like ammonia—
Yeah, that’s pretty accurate.
“Appreciate?” Tony sneers. “Is that what this is?”
“Stark,” Wong says sharply. “You must not open this book. To do so is to imperil your very soul. It will call to you, but you must not give in.”
They move in tandem for a moment, a perfect mirror, and then Tony darts to the side and doubles the gravity, just as Steve bounces his shield off the wall above him and curves down in a nautilus-shell spiral and calls for the computer to quarter it. In the end, he grabs Tony by the knee, ending the game in a draw—though Steve suspects Tony let him win intentionally.
has anyone been in contact with hawkeye
– A dandy, a swell, one who dresses well
The word of a handful of detained Hydra and AIM members isn’t sufficient evidence to arrest the CEO of a megacorporation like Kronas, but their testimonies also include the location of the base where Red Skull, Zola, and Faustus have been working.
Flutters of light reflect off the fountain in the center of Avengers Park and onto Tony’s gauntlet as he skims it over the surface of the water. It ripples with reflections the color of candied apples. Tony turns at Steve’s approach, turning a sunlight-bright grin his way. Steve tries not to shuffle self-consciously at the sight of his own tense reflection in Tony’s sunglasses.
“This is what you’re getting.” When Tony draws away and releases Steve's hands, it’s to fit a bar gag in his mouth and strap it in place. Steve tries to knock Tony's arms away; Tony disregards this entirely. He flips Steve onto his belly and presses his face into the mattress, arms pinned behind his back.
“Oh.” Tony squeezed Steve’s hand. Steve squeezed back. “Then. In that case. Don’t kiss me.”
“C’mon Steve,” Tony says, wriggling under Steve’s weight, answering Steve’s smirk with one of his own. “What’re you waiting for?”
A clamor of SHIELD agents disarm Sharon and pull her away. Tony still isn’t moving.
Steve squeezes Tony’s throat until Tony blacks out again, then shudders and comes as he releases his hand and Tony coughs and gasps for breath. He doesn’t pause. Nor does he slow. He keeps up his brutal pace, grinding their bodies together, pushing and pushing into Tony until Tony feels like this is just another wound Steve has given him, another place where his flesh has been parted and pierced—like his body is nothing but a target for Steve’s malice and gratification.
yeah didn’t you say the vashta nerada ate flesh?
– Very good, top notch
He releases Tony’s throat. Tony can see his face now, read the hunger there. “I have a headache.”
“It matters whether it works or not?”
, and if Tony had felt joy like this before, he didn’t remember it. “Don't you.”
When Steve had shouldered Tony off him, the armor had looked—other than the smears of blood and incongruous bullet holes—the same as it had when Tony had visited Steve in his cell.
He tried to hold it off before, but after the tragedy in Stamford, the SHRA is all that stands in the way of Project Wideawake, Sentinels, inhibitor circuits, and who knows what else. If Tony’s on board, he can forestall the worst of it until the panic blows over. If only he could’ve made Steve could see that the superhero community needs oversight and justice, that other people make mistakes and need to be held accountable for them. But it’s too late now. Their friendship is over, and this conflict is a lot more personal than either of them realized.
Red Wolf breaks off to find Fisk. The armor keeps Tony upright while he holds off the others, hungover and exhausted as he is. He hasn’t had enough water, or food for that matter, in recent days, and the heat of the armor has parched what little moisture’s left in his mouth.
“You people like carving canoes, right? I'm 'bout to make one outta the top of yer head.”
The agents probably expect Steve to give a speech. Maybe Maria does too. But what the hell is he supposed to say? The whole situation is a farce.
With a deep breath, Steve positioned himself so Stark Tower was behind him, and got back to his workout.
The intel was right. It was repeated to him because it’s true.
Steve launches himself at Tony, clearing the table and landing with his feet on either side of Tony’s. He wastes no time and expends no effort pinning Tony against the wall with one arm.
Stark grins. “Probably,” he agrees, and walks out of the hotel before Steve can catch him.
Natasha favored him with a rare smile. “Then let’s try again.”
“What's to give up? The sheriff hasn’t put me in hoosegow and Fisk won't bother to hang me. Don't matter much if half the town thinks I'm a killer.”
Steve balls his hands into fists. “And why is that?”
"That makes sense," Steve says, voice tight. "That was right before you—" He cuts himself off. His eyes are unfocused, and Tony wonders just how long it took for Tony to ruin everything between them. Again.
he was the color of grapefruit juice
“Stark!” Doom yells.
still working on it
“Still breathing?” Tony asks. He smiles when he sees Steve’s red eyes, the tracks of tears down his cheeks. “You miss me that much?”
“It’s all gonna go bad anyway, and it don’t need my interferin’ to do it,” Stark replies, not noticing or not minding Steve’s rage. “Keepin’ to myself might even keep me outta trouble.”
“Have you ever—” Steve cuts himself off, a fresh flush blooming up from his clavicle to the apples of his cheeks. It makes Tony think of mercury expanding in heat, climbing up the cylinder of a thermometer.
“I’ll take this,” Lyja Storm says, snatching his revolver.
Rather than look at Steve, Tony turns his attention on the little panel attached to his bed frame. He presses the button to tilt the head of the bed so that he’s practically sitting up. His head is closer to the height of Steve's now.  Fiddling with the controls, avoiding Steve's eye, is easier than blurting out every need thought that enters his mind. And, well. Tony knows he's a coward. Steve certainly knows that too.
Natasha smiled at James. “I’m over it.”
Jan overhears T’Challa talking about biochemistry, and excuses herself to join in, leaving Steve alone on the couch with Tony.
“Oh my god,” Tony breathes, “
, but there’s nothing to be done. There’s not even much to distract him—beyond thoughts of Tony, but those are always in the back of his mind anyway. He knows Natasha prefers to do most things in silence, but he also knows that she won’t press him or tease him too much and will let him leave a lot of what he doesn’t want to say unsaid. He’s not sure where that leaves him.
The radiant expression drops off Tony’s face. He hadn’t realized how precious Tony’s joy had been until seeing it vanish.
Some days, if Steve finishes his work early enough in the day, he can catch Stark before he's sloshed.
Tony shrugged. “You’ll never get a chance to tell me.”
So Steve agrees and the computer pulls up a map showing them to their quarters, and they board something like a large elevator with half-a-dozen crew members, including an eight-foot-tall one with six legs and a pair of wheels. People get on and off, chatting, and it seems strange to start a conversation with Tony halfway through getting inside the elevator car, so Steve doesn’t, and they stand together in silence until a display indicates that the doors are about to open on the corridor containing their temporary living space.
“Ah, and here I hoped I’d have an easy answer for you this time,” Urich says, restless eyes finally landing on his typewriter. “I don’t know.”
He knows what Steve can do with this. What he can make Tony do, make Tony feel. What he can turn Tony into. What he can turn the world into.
I have some icky news!
“Me too.”
what else did you learn
Tony stepped into Steve's arms. Steve held him close and let Tony melt against him. “I always have been.”
Who was screaming? Do you need a medic?
Steve knows he's not a subtle person. He doesn't dare say it out loud—
“Wait, what are we supposed to do without you here to translate?”
Instead he said, “It’s not a big deal.”
The not-horse must’ve been walking through some thick and awful mud to get their hooves in the state Tony finds them in. The creature isn’t shod—and there’s a picture, an infernal farrier—and their frogs are as full and healthy as Tony expects from a barefoot horse. Their hoof walls are cracked and ragged
He has to say something. Nothing that might make Tony feel guilty, that could inspire him to pity. Steve stops pacing and turns to Tony, who is sitting up straight and staring back.
Escalation tiles cannot be matched or locked and do not fall. When there are at least 3 Iron Man Escalation tiles on the board, destroy all Escalation tiles (including those belonging to Team Cap) and generate 1 Red AP for every 2 tiles destroyed.
“It doesn’t change what you believe in.”
“Close to the chest” is a phrase which here means that she habitually obfuscates and misrepresents her thoughts, with a few exceptions for those she holds dear.
The next four sections retell a good chunk of canon from Tony’s point of view. I’ve included almost all of his canon dialogue because it sets up later parts of the story. The canon major character death is not described in any detail. (And this story will fix it.)
“I don’t get a hint?” Steve asks. They’ve moved the bed up to the attic while the rest of the house is being renovated. The sound of rain against the roof surges. “I’ll be sleeping there too, y’know.”
hi loki
“How’s your end looking?” Tony asks.
“She’s doing great,” Steve said.
Later, after a hearty meal, several orgasms, a shared shower, and a couple hours of reading in bed, Tony sleeps, Steve snoring faintly beside him. The snow falling against the windows follows him into his dream. The town of Pleasant Hill is inside of a soap bubble. A little girl watches him. She smiles and waves shyly when she sees him notice her. The world gleams glossy pink and lavender, a miniature rainbow refracting across the surface of the soap bubble. A splash of iridescence against concrete. An oil slick and a sickly-sweet smell. The static snow of an old, detuned television set.
The soil is soft and muddy under his boots, his heels sinking in with each step. His way toward the river is accompanied by the drone and bites of mosquitos, who are out in numbers to rival the stars above.
The man with his hand on Tony is broad and blond, and Tony’s never seen a sadder or more beautiful smile. A fleeting, intrusive thought tells him that this is the best day of his life. “Thanks,” Tony says, smiling back into bright, clever eyes. He feels he should explain why he almost stepped into traffic, but all he has is the provably false impression that the street had been empty a second ago. “Can I thank you more over coffee?”
“We tell everyone that Tony and I are together,” Steve says firmly. “Just a little sooner than originally planned.”
“They’re national icons,” Steve agrees, matter-of-fact. As well he should, being entirely correct. “Deserve to be shown off.”
The truth is that people aren’t really
Are you trying to send me into a diabetic coma because it’s working
“Have you,” Steve says into his nearly full pint. He can’t explain to himself what he’s doing here.
Steve’s had enough; now he’s fighting dirty. He bashes his opponent, channeling all of his strength and fury into his shield.
and are there still pretzels
“Wow, they actually
Tony doesn’t have time to react, even if he’d wanted to. He doesn’t even have time to close his eyes. Steve’s shield, carried on his free arm, grazes Tony’s hip as Steve shifts his weight.
no no nothing like that
“You talk to a lotta dancing girls, Stark?”
“I’m familiar with how headlines work.”
A search of Steve’s rooms reveals nothing, not that Tony expected anything different. What’s weird isn’t the absence of evidence, it’s the absence of anything at all. There are no books, photos, sketchbooks. It’s like an empty apartment on the helicarrier was given the window dressings of a place Steve would live—a big American flag on one wall, a single framed photo of the Avengers. There isn’t even a spare pair of boots for Tony to wear.
the book was called Literary Hyperspace which was pretty cool actually
Tony closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, lifts his head, and by the time he’s sitting up and looking at Steve again, he’s smiling. “Alright, the next one I want you to see is ‘Spock’s Brain.’ Spock’s brain gets
“Well, good thing, ’cause there’s no undoing that,” Hardison says. “Captain America dates men. Queer kids all over the world heard that. We really are doing the lord’s work, huh?”
“Shut up. Don’t say things you can’t follow through with.”
“I want to try. I really don’t want to kiss you,” Tony said. “I can think of other ways to put it.”
Steve’s feelings aren’t hurt. He’s not surprised or angry. He’s not—anything. He wonders when Tony stopped trusting him. If he ever did. Tony hiding this from him would have meant something to him, once. But this is just another fact. Tony thought he knew best. Tony died because of Steve, thinking that Steve hated him. So what if Tony kept this from him. It’s just something else Steve can’t do anything about.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony is cuddled pressed against him, asleep, and Steve is an utter asshole. Tony wouldn’t have allowed this is he knew how Steve feels about him. Not that he’d show it if he were uncomfortable—he’d be so kind, and never mention it again if that’s what Steve wanted—but that he wouldn’t want to lead Steve on. Once Steve had inched over so their hips were flush, Tony would have waited a couple minutes, then excused himself to grab a beer or check on a robot. When he came back, he’d sit somewhere else, taking the last spot on another couch so Steve couldn’t join him.
“You want to be strong that badly?” Tony circles a finger around the edges of Steve’s hole. “Or do you want
“I know you didn’t.”
“Yeah, of course,” Steve says, slinging the bag over his shoulder. “But you’re not wearing your armor, so.” He shrugs.
Steve, who was wearing a crimson henley, squared his shoulders, turned to Tony, and pronounced, “Blue.”
“Mister Stark!” Lester smiles. “What a surprise to see you ambulatory! If your vision’s blurry, aim for the handsome devil you see in the middle.”
a likewise healthy, if unsightly state. The mud’s long dried out now, packed into the body of the soles, so it only takes one flip of his hoofpick on each hoof for a whole cake of dirt to come loose in a single piece. The front left one, though, has a small rock lodged in the cleft of its frog, which is a bit more work to dig out.
“There a problem, Mister Honton?” Steve asks.
for your dumb asses to notice anything,” Sam pointed out.
They try seaweeds from a binary star system ten light-years away, the fried breast of an animal whose similarity to any creature on earth ends at the word “feathers,” the antler of a grazing animal bred to live on space stations. There’s a soup containing an ingredient from every species in United Space, pastries folded like origami, and saffron-yellow insects they eat whole. Dessert is some kind of egg custard, served in corresponding molecularly-3D-printed eggshells a quarter-inch thick and swirled with color like marbled paper.
The crux of what Steve will remember about the journey that follows is that it is entirely uphill.
Also Tony and I are in the 51st century on another planet.
“You weren’t found guilty of that,” Jen says, also not for the first time. “Tony was right; people need heroes.”
Increases Protect Strength to 110. Stuns all enemies.
“‘Reporter’ being an overly generous term,” Tony adds.
He doesn’t think any of the confetti contraptions or glitter bombs had detonated in this room, but there’s still plenty tracked in on people’s shoes, and nestled into the creases of people’s clothes and skin. And Tony’s eyelids and hair and in his eyes and even in one eyebrow.
Tony learns that magic is real two days into this endeavor—eight days, four hours, and twelve minutes after Steve's death. He’s been counting. He could pin the blame for this on his improper affections toward Steve, and for once he’d like to, but in fact the onus lies entirely with the fact that the sound of that gunshot also marked the moment Tony swore to himself that he'd become a teetotaler.
Steve’s trial might last hours or weeks. It might be an excruciating dream, the kind where he can’t feel or move or even decide where to look.
The thing is, the scene is just as Tony described leaving it: the angle of the sun in the sky; Wormseed and his men still smoldering, their suits pristine beneath licks of flame; the smoke climbing to the heavens from them; the surge and shrinking of the ground, Doom standing at the center.
They hang his shackles from a hook on the ceiling, high enough that he can’t rest on the flats of his feet. For all that Tony can’t bear the thought of letting his weight sink onto his protesting feet, of setting his soles against the rough concrete floor, he knows that whatever they have planned for him next won’t leave him grateful.
“I clearly want to answer this one.”
Steve’s mouth is dry. He’s never let that sort of thing stop him from yelling, though. “Tony,” he says, furious and desperate. “What is this?”
I kept thinking that the angel Gabriel was gonna float down one at any moment and annunciate at me
HAIRY!!!
and the orangutan could only say “ook ook” and seemed to be really frustrated we didn’t know what he was saying
Tony sighs. “Yeah. He’s already offered, actually.”
Tony laughs like wind-chimes.
you know. hawkeye
He didn’t think much, then, about being alone. He had few friends, none close, and no surviving family. If he’d ever failed to make rent, he’d have been replaced without a spare thought from his co-tenants. He took the bus to work because the crowds kept it warm, but the bumps and jolts shook his joints just as badly as if he walked. He worked despite aches and exhaustion, and knew he wasn’t the only one kept awake at night by the cold. Solitude was a fact of his life, background noise to his narrow breath, the pain under his ribs, the melted snow slush on the sidewalks and the frozen puddles on the pavement, the news coming from Europe. Survival left him little time for yearning, and he filled it with other people’s words of other people’s desires rather than contemplate his own.
“Uh, yes, nothing straight about it, and I better not be getting a shovel speech from you, because, given our history—I mean, wow,
“Stay with me,” Steve says.
He already knows who the message is from. He probably knows what it says, too. He opens it anyway.
its *~teeth~*
A childlike voice whispers,
Tony—who knew exactly where Dr. Suresh had gone and why—said, “I don’t know, maybe she retired or something.”
“Am I ever,” Hardison sighs.
I dunno
Of course, neither would the twenty-first century.
I’m sure you’ll figure it out, Tony!
They play a game involving translucent puzzle-piece chunks of holographic architecture—flying buttresses, mansard roofs, crenellated towers, drawbridges, gabled dormers, air bridges, spires, pinnacles—and stacking them into the tallest, most structurally sound tower of the two before the pieces run out. Steve assumes that Tony will have a huge advantage in this, except it’s not just about engineering. There’s strategy, too: a whole ecosystem of plants, animals, flying construction robots, mining, and manufacturing, all affected by the weather and the size of the tower and what it’s made out of and where plants grow and how animals nest and how well the robots are treated. It’s beautiful and wild and addictive.
are you guys okay?!
Steve scratches the back of his head and looks away. “You’re welcome.”
also I really do have pretzels
That doesn’t mean he can’t find out.
“Yes,” Tony said. For all his wariness, he meant it. He’d faced Steve as an enemy too many times. He refused to do it again.
He’s more furious with Tony than he thought possible.
, not like, with the nerves or muscles of anything, there’s nothing damaged.” His face twists. “There’s nothing to fix. It just hurts.”
Not many people who’ve done the kinds of things Tony’s done, he means.
Steve watches himself and Stark in the mirror, the picture they make: Stark spilling himself into a puddle, Steve loading himself into the chamber of a gun.
pull off undercover? Just a little, mostly at the start.” Parker sounds like she’s trying to be reassuring, but it’s not really working.
He can’t untangle the knot of fondness, exasperation, and familiarity he feels seeing Steve here, in his workspace, forcing food on him when Tony’s told him how excited he was to work on this vintage European model, and how the parts for it had just come in that morning.
This is what Iron Man said when Captain America asked the team if there were any casualties: “Nothing to report, Cap. Did that wannabe Rambo hit you or what?”
“Get off,” Steve growls. “Stop.”
not that different from the other places we’ve been, really
“It’s better than my apartment over the garage.”
He had a single chapter remaining of his latest reread of
Steve doesn’t know if Stark's ever been in the sheriff’s office sober. Or as close to it as he gets these days; if Steve swallowed that much liquor, he’d wake up still drunk.
Tony’s smiling when he ends the call.
It’s been almost a year since Tony died.
Tony manages an entire luncheon with Missus Danvers without mentioning the Book of Sins, though it remains a presence in his mind as sure as it’s tucked into his waistcoat. It’s lodged there, in his thoughts, like a splinter of iron burrowed too deep in the skin to extract.
“So, you hate me?”
Natasha gave Tony’s shoulder a playful shove. “That better not be a euphemism, Stark.”
Luke reaches the ship and starts prying it open in the same moment that Steve loses contact with the helicarrier.
The grin Wormseed gives is as wide, noxious, and sour as the fold in that corroded pumpkin. “On this occasion, there’s another matter you may assist me with.”
thank you
She asks him if he’ll see his home again soon. He closes his eyes and says
“Dr. Suresh. I asked you about her before we got hit with the spell.”
Steve’s reply is the same. He shakes his head, says, “No. He just carried on like nothing had happened. Had the robots squeeze oranges and make bloody Marys and waffles. We all ate breakfast and talked about that lecture Lunella gave about depictions of women as gynoids, cyborgs, and computers. Then he saw everyone off.”
"Can I talk to someone?" Tony calls. Steve closed the door behind him, but Tony’s voice should be loud enough to carry. The silence that follows reminds Tony that he hasn't heard any footsteps from outside the room, nor an intercom. "Hello!" he says, as loud as he can.
“And you th-think” —a groan cuts him off as Steve ploughs into him, unrelenting— “
It’s hard not to imagine. He imagines himself not imagining. He doesn’t imagine a world without war, without alcohol or drugs, without hate or jealousy. He doesn’t imagine a technological paradise, doesn’t imagine Howard embracing him, doesn’t imagine hearing Jan’s laugh again.
The air goes dry and staticky, like lighting has struck. Electric-blue ribbons of light swirl around Wormseed’s forearms. Victor mutters in the infernal language of the Darkhold, and before Wormseed can lift a finger, Victor is in motion and a fireball wide as a sequoia erupts from his metal palms. It swoops at his three opponents in a gust, enveloping them in flame, spewing slate-colored smoke as if from a coal furnace.
“We were just saying that the press conference went really well,” Steve says, the goddamn teacher’s pet.
Dozens of figures emerge from the ship. Steve recognizes every one of them. Most have been Avengers. Captain America is among them. So is Iron Man.
“No. I—Tony.” It makes sense, given the last events Tony can remember, but it means not only did Tony die for Steve thinking Steve hated him, but he came to Steve last night ready to die for him again. Steve starts to reach for Tony, then drops his hand, unsure of his welcome. “That was more than a year ago. You—your death gave me some perspective.” He chews on his lips. “And your letter.”
After he changes into his uniform and downing breakfast from the NMAT, the computer directs Steve toward the shuttlebay and informs him that Tony’s gotten permission to fly the shuttle himself, having mastered it through the simulation games they’d played the night before. Of course he has. God, Steve’s going to miss him so much.
“Why not?”
“Of course you do!” God, they’re still not having the same conversation. “That’s why I—that’s why we need to be on the same side. People idolize you, Steve. We all do.”
and we should be able to amplify it using cap’s shield
They each have a primary yellow power that can trigger the other’s alt yellow power. If Tony is dealing the most damage, Steve’s yellow will in turn deal the most damage to him, bringing Tony to 15% or lower health. If Tony stuns Steve, he then distributes damage to Steve’s teammates, bringing their health down to less than 10% or 25%.
In a carrel at the other end of the room, Tony flicks a lipstick-red metal finger into his mouth, swipes it with his tongue, and then uses it to turn the page of the book in his lap. He chews on his lip, frowning down at the page, shifting in his seat.
“Everyone else is back this way,” Tony said, turning and leading the way.
He lifts Tony’s wrist in his hand, clamping down on his soulmark. Tony tries to jerk away. His body tenses at the new contact—then relaxes. He’s lightheaded. Sated. Safe. No. No, this can’t be happening, he’s none of those things. It’s a trick his body’s playing on him. This isn’t Steve. It isn’t.
“Damnit Hardison, Stark can’t go
that’s what they’re called!!!
James smiled back, but it was a sad one, and he shook his head. “I can’t trust my own mind.”
probably after I’ve eaten nonstop for a week
“You have my book,” Wormseed says, ice in his voice.
Lester laughs. “You may call on my any time to conclude our business, Mister Stark!”
And that was cool?
him; there’s not a chance he told a single person where he was going or who he was meeting.
“Tony. You’re alive.”
could this formula be used to return us to the campus library
When Steve woke up in the twenty-first century, he’d tried to find and buy the book again. Tony introduced him to so many wonderful books and films, and Steve wanted to share one of his favorites—and Tony had reminded him of Brickenn Jamith, the troubled protagonist far from his beloved home and cursed with secret knowledge of a galaxy-spanning threat. Steve never found a copy.
The passages wind like a coiled spring. His surroundings are not pitch-black, though by rights they should be; he lost all sight of the sun some turns ago. Instead the not-quite-round tunnels are lit from no direction at all by a flickering glow, as if by a distant fire.
Oh! Why do you say that?
“Peanuts from the vending machine don’t count,” Steve replies, eyes twinkling. “You can pick the pizza toppings.”
Although a question cannot, exactly, be a truth or a lie, it can certainly
God, it’s been so far from Steve’s mind he’s never even noticed the way Tony acts around him, the things Tony would do—has done—for him.
Are they having the same conversation yet?
Tony's lips and mouth are still too dry, and leaning the way he is stretches the limits of his weakened muscles, but Steve has a hand on the back of Tony's neck, Steve is holding him, Steve is hot and wet and solid.
. “What are you doing here Tony? What do you want?”
Loki and I are in Asgard at present! The All-Father has asked us to partake of supper with him!
An Avenger can only deal with so many Raft break-outs before they come up with a better plan. A plan like a prison in the negative zone.
Understanding falls over Steve’s face like a heavy curtain. “Oh, Tony.” His voice is soft, devastatingly so, like a handful of crushed velvet against bare skin. “You didn’t use the Gems to change me. Of course you didn’t.”
The sun is out when Steve arrives in San Francisco. The taxi driver, who insists on carrying and stowing Steve’s luggage for him, can’t stop talking about how unseasonably hot it is. The dashboard thermostat reads 72F.
“Your faces are, like, the only thing visible on the magazine stands,” Parker says. “You beat out a poorly behaved British royal and a guy in Florida who got in a footrace through a cattle field trying to escape local deputies.”
The Skrulls are no sooner gone than Thor, having come to aid Earth, now calls for help defending Asgard. Fighting is sufficient distraction from the memory of the life fading out of Tony’s eyes. Not Tony. A Skrull. A Skrull wearing his armor, his voice—
He wishes he had the armor to hide his face. How long has it been since he ended that sentence? A millisecond? A minute? Extremis could tell him, but not in any way that would be meaningful to him.
“Why?”
“It’s lovely,” Tony says, even as he imagines how he’d fill it up if he had unlimited funds.
“Let me buy you a treadmill,” Tony says, not for the first time. “You can still get up with the proverbial bird for your run, but then you can come right back to bed, and get me all sweaty to match, and then we can shower together—”
There was one that in retrospect was pretty cool, actually.
He doesn’t ask Tony for details. He doesn’t say anything about the alcohol.
so obviously I made myself giant
Steve wishes, not for the first time, that they weren’t like this. “I was surprised. To see you.” Surprised, shocked, awed, worried he was dreaming. Surprised is close enough. “I didn’t think you wanted to be anywhere near me.”
I perused biographies of Melvil Dewey, Eratosthenes, and Joanna Cole
“Mugwort and Slovenwood.”
checking round back
Tony meets his eyes blankly. Steve clucks his tongue, but doesn’t push it for now. Tony’s going to pay for not replying. But Tony would pay for anything he said, anyway.
“Tony!” Steve snaps. His fingers are still in Tony’s hair, though he’s gripping him by his scalp more than caressing him. He’s pulled Tony flush against him, locked in by the arm around his waist, and Tony looks like he’s been body-checked by a Hulk, riding an adrenaline rush, ready to collapse if Steve stops holding him up.
But Steve just looks at him like Tony’s a puzzlebox he’s failed to open one too many times and is ready to smash apart—and Tony has time to close his eyes after all.
distraction,” Tony insists. “I was being very practical-minded, definitely only thinking of the success of this con.”
“Ah, she’s just busy running my multi-billion-dollar company, nothing out of the ordinary.”
“You can’t just—say it and then it’s true—”
“What’s the best part?” Pepper says, as if she were speaking to a stranger.
Steve hauls Tony into his lap, his arms tight around Tony’s back. He buries his face in Tony’s shoulder. “Don’t—can—did you ever—you and me” —he doesn’t know what he’s saying, his words are broken up by hiccuping sobs— “did you—did you ever think—”
She meets his gaze, her eyes blazing. “Tony says you’ve worked out your differences and everything, so I’m trusting you, alright Steve?” Steve nods again. “He doesn’t want anyone to know, so you can’t tell anyone this, or that I told you. Okay.” She takes a deep breath. “It’s the shrapnel in his chest.”
James leaned his sun-warmed shoulder against hers. “Yeah, I want to.”
what, like library science?
Rhodes rolled his eyes. “Neither of you were listening?”
Steve brushes past that to call Tony an authoritarian, to compare registration to Japanese internment camps.
The humanoid ones sound so far like they could be a few different types I’ve read about, but I haven’t heard of salt shaker robots like that in any Avengers, SHIELD, Guardian, or Kamar-Taj mission reports.
“Would it be a secret if you were out?” Hardison interrupts.
Steve wonders if it feels hot out to Tony, if he even feels the ambient temperature any more, or if the swimsuit and the cold drink are all for show.
Tony’s starting to regret his choice of song, but there’s no gentleman’s guide for how to act once you’ve told your friend and local law enforcement you’re a sodomite. Before he can get to
. That’s what a good partner would do. Tony could do it the right way—gentle, understanding, patient—and let Steve decide if and how to answer. They can acknowledge the fact that there are things Steve thinks he needs to keep secret from Tony. Get it out in the open instead of letting it fester. Set an example for openness, even about the things they hide.
“No,” Steve says, and this is the reason he hadn’t been asking Tony to hang out with him, because what if he said no? What if, since everything that happened between them, he’s just tolerating Steve for the sake of the team, the school? Well, Steve’s decided that if that’s the case, he needs to know. He steels himself to go on. “No, I mean, not for training, or not only for training, I thought it’d be fun?”
him, tony stark, whatever
Steve breaks his gaze for the first time since Tony said
Tony stills. It’s like the rough waters of a lake smoothing out all at once when the wind stops. “Well. Then. Good.”
They stop.
“31 minutes, 45 seconds,” the digital voice replies.
good reception there huh
, says the voice in Tony's head.
“But I’m ten minutes late to the call.”
“Heat helps relieve it, and that includes his hot tub,” Natasha continues, starting to take books and a laptop out of her bag and arranging them on the bench. “I think that’s part of why he didn’t get in more trouble with Fury for building it.”
After a pause Tony hopes is merely thoughtful, Hardison says, “You’re sure it’s an original?”
“Um, I heard that Tony wasn’t feeling well, and I wanted—”
“Whatever, everyone who’s seen you polish your armor before Carol’s visits already knew.”
, how to angle his arm like
Did Lucky get the pizza I ordered him?
Tony can never say no to Steve; he takes a sip. “It’s pretty good,” he admits.
which stayed in the same ranges the whole time, some going up or down a little, but overall nothing too different from the readings we get from the Sanctum Sanctorum or Haunted Stark Mansion sometimes
“’69,” Tony agrees. “Last seen in Palermo, Sicily.”
For now, he's impatient. If a storm's brewing, he wishes it would blow in already.
tony.
When he can put it off no longer, Tony retrieves the book from his bag.
“Huh. Hope he’s okay.” Sam shrugs. “Your turn.”
is this about iron man
The three-headed dog asleep behind him, Tony winds his way through spiraling tunnels.
“It’s okay,” Steve says, wishing he could articulate what he was feeling. How grateful he is that Tony is sharing any of this with him.
“Hey, okay, so,” Tony begins, looking thoughtful. “Before you—I mean, when you aren’t pumped full of super-soldier serum, you have asthma, right?”
i can’t make italics
Tony blinks with eyes that are hazy but all his own. The silver on his skin recedes like a tide going out. He flexes one hand, watching it as if he doesn’t recognize it as his own. When his gaze lands on Steve, his face softens. “Steve,” he says.
It’s dark outside the bedroom windows when Steve returns. He washes Tony again, feeds him, strokes his hair. He’s still in his uniform, only removing his gloves when he needs to get his hands wet.
“Well. It’s not the amount we agreed on,” Hardison says.
Natasha sets her bag down and sinks onto the stone bench beside Steve. “The hot tub helps.”
It turns out there’s nothing for Tony to do to fly the shuttle; the shuttle’s computer does all the work. Tony’s only in the pilot’s seat in case of an emergency requiring manual operation, which seems so unlikely as to be functionally impossible.
That doesn’t make any sense. That’s not how Steve thinks. But before Tony can say so, Steve is on his feet, putting his clothes back on. It’s all Tony can do to grab a robe and trail after him as he heads to the door. Tony’s still covered in lube and come and his own sweat, and his thighs tremble as he hurries to catch Steve entering his code again.
“You don’t know what kind of look I have.”
“Nuthin’, huh?” Stark has, to Steve’s eye, already taken the whole thing apart and laid the lengths of wire out in neat rows on his worktable.
my perspective is that you work well together as a two-person team. your skills and assets complement each other and give you the resources to face a wider variety of foes than either of you could take on alone
“When you had the Gauntlet”—
“Hey,” Steve says, resting a hip against Tony’s worktable. He’s wearing a pair of faded jeans that he’s had for as long as Tony’s known him, worn soft with years of use and washing. It matches his smile now, somehow; a smile Tony can’t explain or account for. “What’re you working on?”
sure if they’re still stuck there when we’re done I’ll come check it out
“Where’s the new Iron Man?”
“But,” Steve says sourly, “I couldn’t actually
“Ya gotta ask?”
Didn’t they both just say it? Does he need Tony to grovel and cower enumerate each one of his mistakes? “You know why.”
was one word for his approach—but it was a blow nonetheless when he’d followed Tony into a cozy living room and found Jan and Rhodes there, too.
The step Steve takes toward Tony is unconscious to the point of involuntary.
The only sign of snow is the frost forming small spiderweb cracks in the corners of shop windows and the wet sound of tires. Mayor Hill and Dr. Selvig are across the street, standing very close as they speak; not like they’re intimate, but like they’re speaking in hushed voices. Dan from the scrapyard drives by, his pickup loaded with salvage, waving as he passes.
“Look at you,” Steve whispers, and leans in to lick a stripe along Tony’s neck.
Steve listens. He grits his teeth through the parts that make him want to start yelling again.
“I meant—I was thinking of the house in Pleasant Hill,” Steve says. “Or maybe the mansion. But I meant you.”
He imagines finishing the sentence.
Tony though—Tony’s smile is broad and bright. “Sure thing.”
He can’t imagine an end to the sentence. Tony gasps, feeling like a drowning victim surfacing above water. He lifts his head and nearly collides with Steve’s, visible now, painted with concern and affection. Tony surges up for air, taking Steve’s head in his hands and wringing a kiss out of their lips when they meet.
“Yeah, that’s a worse idea than the Chilean Custard.”
“Only if I get to ride in Lucille,” Tony counters.
“A good evenin’ to you, Mister Honton,” Steve catches Stark saying, before he tucks himself inside and closes the door after him.
?” Hardison asks.
“I’ve heard of that one,” Steve says, chuckling. Tony gets the impression that Steve doesn’t usually pay attention to music, TV, or movies, but he keeps a running list on his notes app of the bands, shows, and films Tony recommends, and each time Tony glimpses it new ones are crossed off.
Steve’s steps are light, whisper-quiet. His slow pace is a self-indulgence; the longer he drags it out, the longer he has to hope. For now, the possibilities are infinite. Tony could be planning to apologize.
“Well, this has his name written all over it.”
The man with the cane is systematic. He avoids Tony’s ribs, softens the blows on Tony’s lower back. He favors Tony’s shoulders, at first, until a hard hit knocks Tony’s right arm out of its socket, loosing a yell that he bites back too late. Then the blows come harder, faster, against his ass and thighs, switching position before he can acclimate.
please stop her
And neither can White Tiger or Black Cat or Black Panther?!
?” Spencer clarifies, sounding skeptical. “It’s been missing since the 60’s.”
Tony fucks him again, his nails scratching lines down Steve’s back. He’s used Steve’s body in all sorts of ways, before, fucking between his thighs, along his crease, strapping Steve down and riding his cock, grinding against Steve’s chest until he comes. He touches Steve all over, sometimes, in all kinds of ways—clamps on his nipples, suspended in elaborate knots from hooks in the ceiling, heavy smacks to his ass and thighs, shoving his tongue into every part of Steve he can find. But taking Steve in the ass is his favorite. Steve thinks he likes the simplicity of it, how little effort he needs to expend to touch Steve so thoroughly and intimately at once.
When Brickenn is asked to take one of the prototype ships, the
Not that he’d even thought of having a plan, not like Sam means, not for—confessing to Tony. He accepts that anything like that between them is the furthest thing from Tony’s mind. This acceptance was the final push he needed to give in and ask Tony for the toy. Steve needs to let go of any hope of impressing him.
He's out the door before Tony can reply. Tony doesn't see how Steve can promise that, when Tony doesn't even know how he'll fall asleep, let alone how long he can stay that way.
“We had pursuits in common.”
wait, the stacks by the globe room or the stacks by the map room that’s mostly globes?
“Well, yeah, Tony, that happens when you lead people into a trap and then send a team of combatants after them—”
clint.
That night, after spending the whole afternoon and evening with Tony—practicing for hours at the Arena of War, followed by dim sum takeout and watching a half-dozen out-of-order episodes of Star Trek: the Original Series—Steve goes to the Archives. He researches cheese knives, cheese plates, throwing knives, kitchen knives, and fighting knives. Usually, he prefers to look things up at Stark Tower and have JARVIS help him—he’s still slower than he’d like typing on keyboards—but that’s obviously out of the question for this particular project.
Tony clears his throat. It’s overloud in the hush they’ve created for themselves, the feeling of breath held before a plunge. The breadth of the room gapes around them with an agoraphobia earned in lowered voices. “Can I ask you something?”
“That’s—”
“Oh, do you only see women?” The hope in her voice sickens him more than anything she’s said so far.
"I'm guessin' you want the book in return."
Steve’s at the Asgardian Forge, working on his shield, when Loki’s there, lounging against a golden anvil. Steve tries to ignore her.
and oh man real steve turned PINK
Steve fumbles in his bedside table for lube, and settles in for a long night.
A second memory is layered over it—though neither can be a memory, since they didn’t happen—and Tony’s cuffed to the wall by metal bands—
Hardison ploughs forward. “‘In want of a nail: Hammer, Stone implicated in murder, fraud scheme against Stark Industries,’” he reads. “This one is really straining a ‘rock, paper, scissors’ analogy. ‘Iron beats nail,’ that doesn’t even make sense.”
Each piercing strike radiates through his entire body. A man with a heavy dagger crouches behind him, holding him up by the shoulders. The hilt digs into Tony’s flesh, the blade large in Tony’s vision. The hits don’t falter, but neither do they fall into a rhythm, never giving him time to brace himself, striking again when his body starts to sag.
Tony slices each one piece of the pie and puts it on a plate. Steve didn't even touch the champagne yet. Tony knows the blond is not much of a drinker but he never rejects a glass of good champagne or wine. Tony didn't think this will be so awkward and weird. Maybe Steve has found out Tony's intentions and doesn't feel the same. However, Tony will propose, he has to try at least. Steve’s mood surely will lighten up when he hears Tony's speech.
"Hey, guys, I hear something ticking... I'll go look where it comes from..."
"S-Steve... I-I don't… D-don’t want to h-hurt you but I c-can't… C-can’t control m-myself any-anymore…" Tony breathes heavily; he can't fight the temptation any longer. They have been cutting him so the starvation is faster. However, he doesn't want Steve to find out this way, he doesn't want to hurt the blond but he is in no control anymore and the gash full of blood the supersoldier has on his forehead is not helping.
"Open your eyes doll… those big brown eyes of yours… that I love to get lost into… I love you." Steve says softly between his sobs and meanwhile, he checks for puls. It's still there, faint, but still there.
Everyone was saved. Everyone except him. And that's how it should be. He was expendable after all. But now he has to tell others, he turns the comms back on and with his last power, trying to sound as steady as possible, he announced:
"Tony, what is going on? I can't help you if you don't tell me." Steve replies, he doesn't know what to do. He feels useless. But at that, the iron door of the room flies open and a man with black hair and a scar across his left eye stands there. Steve turns at the direction and with his watchful eye he can tell it's one of the kidnappers, maybe even the leader.
When Steve woke up from the ice at first he was panicking, his brain couldn't process the sudden change. However, after a year of learning about the new world and meeting the people who live there, he realized it's not that bad.
It must have been the shapeshifter. That's terrible. Tony thought it was him who said the horrible words but it was the impersonator all along.
"Tony please…"
After what feels like hours but in reality, it’s just a few minutes, the iron door opens once again and the same black-haired man steps into their view, a satisfied victorious smile is on his face. This is exactly what he wanted, his plan succeeded perfectly at least that's what he believes. Their friendship won’t ever be the same and that’s what he was heading for with the whole kidnapping, however, he is mistaken. He wasn’t counting on how strong their bond is. After some time they won’t even remember that something like this happened.
"S-S-Steve?"
"He is in his workshop," Steve replies and Tiberius quickly turns back to the elevator, "but before you go, can I talk to you for a minute?" Steve blurts before the dark-haired man gets a chance to walk away.
"Hey, Tony. I'm sorry to interrupt you from your work, but do you want to come to today's movie night? Natasha is making her famous popcorn." Steve asks standing in the glass door of Tony's workshop leaning against the frame. He is smiling from ear to ear watching the genius as he sits in front yet another world-changing invention that is yet to be finished.
"S-stay a-away, S-steve… If you know... w-what good f-for you, d-don't get any c-closer…" Tony shakily hisses in a pleading voice full of concern. He is trying to move as far into the corner as possible but already leaning on the wall and can't go farther.
"I love you too," Tony says back after the kiss.
"Tony, explain! You are starting to scare me. What have they done to you?" Steve wants answers because his mind can't comprehend what is going right in front of his eyes. That's not the Tony he knows and he needs some kind of an explanation even though he is sure he will not like. When he learns which one of these scumbags did this to the billionaire he will tear them apart.
"Tony? What's that with your eyes? You are starting to scare me a little..." Steve blurts out his voice is uncertain with a bit of fear. Fear of Tony. It hurts the genius that he is the cause of this emotion in Steve’s eyes but he has no control over this. The hunger is too strong. As long as Steve stays where he is, he is safe and that's all that matters. However, the safe spot won't last long because the sunset is nearing and soon there will be nothing in the way between the monstrous creature and it’s prey, he will shortly take what he needs.
"Oh, Captain America. Do you know where Tony is?" Tiberius asks right after he spots Steve sitting on the couch.
After a few minutes, the once full bottle is now totally empty not even a drop of liquid is inside. Tony moves to another bottle. This time it’s bourbon but Tony doesn't care what it is all that matters is that it will make him forget what happened the past hour, even though it will be just for a while.
Steve suits up in his Captain America uniform, puts the shield on his back and goes to the quinjet that waits for him on the top of the tower. They drop him off 5 kilometres away from the base so that they can't see the quinjet on the radar. It's not far for Steve at all. He manages to be in the base after 5 minutes without being seen. The only thing he needs to do is get near their main computer and download the data.
Steve just wonders what could be the reason for Tony's odd behaviour because Tony also doesn't look good. Not that he is not handsome in Steve's eyes. He is and always will be the most beautiful person in the world for Steve. It's just that he doesn't look healthy.
It seems they are partly under the ground because when they were in their cell they saw a light coming from outside. The two of them head towards the stairs and the man from before is watching them with the same smile. It's a really creepy smile and that doesn’t mean anything good.
When he arrives at the workshop Tony is not there, so he looks to the bathroom and he is met with a sight that he thought he will never see. He is living a nightmare. Tony lays on the floor with a bottle of scotch in his hands, empty sleeping pill bottles are laying around him and it seems he is not breathing. His chest is not rising and he is so pale, sweat is forming on his forehead.
Steve wouldn't believe Tony's words if he didn't see what just happened. He would laugh and think the other man is joking, trying to lighten up the mood. Vampires are not something he believed existed until today. He is just shocked he didn't see it because if the stories about them are even a little bit true it should be hard to hide. For example, Tony was walking in the daylight just fine and that's something vampires shouldn't be able to do.
At that Tony's eyes start glowing red, his fangs are on full display, however, as he is in the shadow of the corner Steve can't see the pair of sharp teeth protruding from Tony's mouth. Tony's mind is shouting for him to jump at the blue-eyed man but there is sunlight coming from the small window and crossing his path to the blond.
Tony was the least fine of all of them. He took some painful shots, had some minor injuries, but that was nothing new. He was trying to protect others - mostly Steve - from the hits and didn't take regard to himself. He thinks of himself as replaceable, however, that’s not true at all. The team loves him and has in him a good friend except for Steve who would like more.
"What are you? Did they do this or is this going on longer?" Steve hopes they did this to him because otherwise it would mean he was lying most of the time they know each other. He hopes he will finally get some answers now when all that happened. That's the least he deserves from the brunette.
The two prisoners are waiting in silence for what is about to happen next. They are both tired from the past events and their chance of escaping is barely existent. Maybe after a few more days, they will get their strength back and then they will manage to do something about the situation they are in. However, they didn’t expect what is about to happen next.
"Tony? It's me. Steve." The blond man says and waits for any sign from the other man that he understood. He is slowly moving his hand toward the brunette. But as he gets closer the man flinches.
“You said you love me…”
"Shush Tony, keep your strength…"
He has planned a romantic dinner just for the two of them. They haven't gone anywhere for a long time and now it's the perfect timing. They've been dating for two years and Tony feels like he wants to take the next step. He is sure that Steve feels the same, but he also knows that the super-soldier is too shy to propose to him so he will do it himself tonight. He had sent the rest of the Avengers to the theatre and then they promised to go somewhere else so they won't disturb them for the rest of the romantic night. He has also bought a beautiful but simple ring, it's costume made. Steve is not really into fancy things so Tony knows he is going to welcome it.
This is not the first time Tiberius had to take the matters into his own hands and show Tony just how he doesn't deserve anyone's but his company because he is pathetic little whore who bends for anyone that wishes, even for the Saint and perfect Captain America himself who that excuse if a man has a crush on.
"No." That's all the brown-eyed man manages to say. He just wants to disappear into the thin air right now. He can't stand the way Steve is looking at him. He messed up everything. Every chance he had with the guy in front of him.
They arrive in 7 minutes but it's like an eternity for Steve. He just hopes Tony is going to be alright. That's all that matters now. He can think about how this happened later when Tony wakes up full of life.
"Yeah, I know… But still. Stay a little longer." The engineer says with pleading puppy eyes. He knows Steve can't resist them and this time it's no exception.
"I have something to say…" Tony starts with his confession, but then Steve cuts in with a no before he gets to actually confess. Tony just thinks what is his problem. He is the one who made him do this or does he want to tell it himself? Maybe.
"Kids, I have a bomb here..."
"Tony didn't arrive at the meeting. It is really important and he's not there. Again." The CEO says and puts her head in her hands which are resting on her knees. Sometimes it's nearly impossible to manage someone like Tony Stark and Pepper doesn’t know what to do at this moment.
“Steve, I’m sorry. I was scared that you wouldn’t want to do anything with me after finding out. I'm a coward. Please forgive me… I love you! Don’t give up on me! I will make everything right again.” Tony begs but Steve is not sure he can give the other man his forgiveness yet. He lied to his eyes, didn't tell what's happening, he didn't trust enough the team to tell them his secret and Steve is confused. He really thought that the team is like a family to all the members and you trust your family with your secrets, right? Then where did the error occurred, Steve is asking himself.
"You don't need to," Natasha smirks. They don't do it to prove something. They do it because they enjoy it and this nudging is just to make fun.
A couple of minutes flows by and a thought comes to Steve’s mind. How is it possible that Tony was able to be outside in the daylight? Vampires are supposed to burn when in contact with sunlight according to the movies and books he read these past years. It's not really a reliable source of knowledge but it plaques the blond’s brain and he can’t come up with an answer. There is nothing else to do than ask the man who is curled in the corner himself.
He had a crush on Captain America since his childhood, but that was just idolising. However, when the soldier came back literally from dead it was more than that. He has spent time with him, got to know him and after a while fell in love.
"Alright team, keep looking if you f-" he was cut short by Nat:
He doesn't register it but he is pulled away by the medical staff. They arrived... Perhaps there is still a hope that Tony will survive. He can't leave after what he said, he just can't.
‘But sir, it’s in my protocols to keep you safe.’ JARVIS pleaded, his British voice was full of concern, full of emotions. Something Tony was proud of. He created a being with human emotions. It’s sad that the only thing that cares about him is his own creation.
"Y-y-you are.... r-really here... or... am I in h-heaven?" it could barely be heard.
"Everything is fantastic. It has never been better." Tony replies.
"Steve, where are you? We are sending help," said Natasha worriedly.
"Nothing he doesn't deserve!" Tiberius replies back, but he is not so confident anymore like with Tony. His voice is uncertain but he still believes that what he is doing is right and continues in kicking into the genius who is laying on the floor in front of him. The blond's expression gets even madder, his beautiful big blue eyes darken that Tony can't almost recognise them.
Tony laid there, he looked so small and fragile in the huge hospital bed. Cuts and bruises which started to turn purple were on his head. And he doesn’t even see what is under the blanket. Maybe that’s for the best... he tells to himself.
"Nothing." The former HYDRA assassin replies. They have lost Stark and now Steve as well. They are doing a great job so far.
"Tony, stay with me, help will be here soon, just hang on," he frantically said, tears pouring from his eyes. It can't end like this, he had so much more to say. He wanted to confess his love for Tony after he takes up the courage and stops being coward.
"He was asking about you!" As the abuser says the words he brushes his fingers through his dark brown hair and huffs in annoyance before he harshly slaps Tony across his tanned cheek and then kicks him into the stomach. On that the former playboy falls to the ground in pain, his old wounds are opening and the fresh ones from the latest mission are still not healed. Tony starts sobbing silently so the man before him can't hear. That would make him punish the wounded man even more.
Clint was running out of arrows. He had to pick the ones he already shot and that was unbelievably detaining him. He also has a bit of not-so-serious bruises and the movement was becoming slower. He will have to pack it after a while because without arrows he can’t do much and hitting the bots with the bow won’t be much effective.
"Oh, you are crying? You can't even act like a real man? How pathetic!" Tiberius laughs out loud right into Tony's face as he smacks him once again across both bruised cheeks and then he punches the crying man into his nose until it's broken and bleeding.
Why can't Tony just listen... Is Steve asking so much? No, he isn't. All he wants is Tony to finally throw away the narcissistic front and for once behave like himself. But no, that's too much to ask of the mighty Tony Stark.
"Tony, what are you babbling about? I can hardly understand you... Where are you?" Steve was desperate, what was going on? It seemed like Tony was saying his last words... But that can't be true, the bomb was defused what happened? Did the bots hurt him?
"And do you know what he was asking about?" Tiberius continues the conversation and Tony is not sure if he should answer this time. He rather stays silent but that might have not been the best idea the genius had in his life just like many things that happened all the months in the relationship with Tiberius.
Steve sits beside Tony a little while longer and then he sees Tony's eyelids slowly flutter open.
However, after some time of searching, they find it. All that is left is to call and the team will come for them. The blond and the brunette refuse to walk all the way to the Tower. They went through hell so they deserve a moment of relaxation. It's still dark and the team members are probably sleeping but that doesn't bother any of the two men.
Almost the entire time together, they are at each other's throats. Despite all of that, Steve could see, how selfless Tony was under the thick shell, how kind he was to the team.
"Promise," Steve answers with a calm voice. Tony knows that the super-soldier never breaks his promises so the billionaire is fine.
"Okay, we have a deal," Tony answers playfully.
"Go on." Steve encourages.
On the way back they are both silents and it’s probably better that way. A lot has been said in their imprisonment and they are not proud of most of it. They still need time to think about how to handle the new loads of information and continue their lives. Tony is sure that he has to tell the whole team. It wouldn’t be fair if only Steve knew and he also realizes that maybe he should trust the team more since they are like his family, a family he never truly had. And more importantly, he should trust Steve more because due to his stubbornness he messed up his chances with the blue-eyed man maybe for good. However, there is still hope that everything will return to how it was before.
The dinner is awkward, there is silence and only the jingling of the cutlery is heard. Tony is starting to be nervous, dangerous thoughts are swimming in his brain. What if Steve doesn't love him as he said before? What if he rejects his proposal? What if Steve leaves him? Tony can't imagine a life without the super-soldier.
And by this, he is doing him a favour, because there's no way Captain America would like the pathetic shit Tony is.
Steve should say how he felt a long time ago but he was a coward. Huh, funny America's hero, the symbol of fearlessness and loyalty was a coward. But he knew that all along. This whole muscle thing didn’t change his personality and he is still the scrawny little kid from Brooklyn who is hiding behind a dumpster.
“W-What happened? Is someone... hurt?” Tony continues.
He waits like that a few more minutes and then he sees a doctor approaching him. Steve immediately stands up from his seat in the waiting room and waits for the doctor to tell him hopefully the good news.
"Steve, I love you too! I had no choice! They starved me. That was their plan all along. It was a trap. This is what they want! Us arguing." Tony throws back but it has no effect on the other man. In different circumstances, the blonde would be beyond heaven to hear that the genius reciprocates his feelings but all he can think about at this moment is the betrayal and lies.
"He's not coming?" Natasha asks even though she already knows the answer. The assassin just wants it to be confirmed.
Steve opens the door and carefully sits in a chair beside Tony's bed. He takes Tony's hand in his and circles shapes with his thumb on the skin. He scans Tony's face with his eyes, but he still doesn't understand what happened that the engineer did something like this. He just has to wait for Tony to wake up, that's all that matters now. But then they must have a serious conversation.
"Don't ever doubt yourself. I will always be there for you." Steve takes Tony's head in his hands and cups his cheeks, he wants Tony to look at him, to see that he means it.
Steve launches at the abuser and punches him in the face but not too hard because he is aware of the fact he could easily kill the guy. However, even that is enough force to send Tiberius flying two meters away and falling on the ground like a rag doll. When the abuser is disposed of, Steve hurries to the billionaire's side to aid.
"Everything is fine. I promise. There's just a lot of work going on and I don't have much time for anything else. It has nothing to do with any of you." Tony reassures him as he turns away from his work, but Steve can see that Tony's words are not exactly true.
"I… I… love y-you… Steve... I l-love you…" And that's it, he got is finally off his chest. Now he is just waiting for the rejection. It will break his fragile heart but he prepared. Because who could love him… Pepper couldn't and Steve won't be able too.
"I'm a vampire from the day I was kidnapped in Afghanistan." Tony tries to explain but he knows it will bring a little comfort to the blue-eyed man in front of him. He messed it up real bad.
Tony is starting to slip into unconsciousness but then he hears a familiar voice, a voice that he adores, a voice that is like a music to his ears and it's not Tiberius's. It's Steve's voice. Steve came to save him. A bit of hope settles in Tony's heart.
As Steve still holds Tony’s hand, he gently kisses it and tears returned to his eyes. This time they are not loud desperate sobs, it’s just slow falling of silent tears down his cheeks.
Tony was still partly conscious but that wouldn't last for long, now was the only time he could tell Steve how he really felt.
"ANSWER ME!" The other man shouts at the brown-eyed brunette he is not afraid that someone is going to hear them because the workshop is soundproof and JARVIS won't violate Tony's orders and talk to others about this.
“No, no! This is not happening! This has to be a dream or more likely a nightmare!” Steve said between his sobs.
"They can wait how long they want. Right now I'm with my boyfriend. They can't start without me." Steve replies and gently kisses Tony's forehead to calm the genius' overthinking brain down.
Then there is silence, everyone is waiting for what's going to happen next. And that's when Steve starts with his own speech. He needs to make this right, he can’t lose Tony because of something solvable like this. The supersoldier doesn't want to live another second with Tony thinking he hates him. He needs to fix this and the words he is about to say will hopefully do the trick: "Tony please don't think that my feelings have changed due to what happened." The team except for Tony doesn't understand Steve's words at all, however, the genius feels hope settle in his heart. He can't believe what Steve's is saying. He still loves him, he hasn't messed up.
So Steve leans over Tony and gives him the best kiss in his life. This may be just the start of their relationship together, but something tells me it will last forever. Because love as strong as this will endure even the hardest tests of life.
"No, he's not," Steve replied sadly. He feels lost. He doesn't know what to do. He can't think straight not when Tony is in the state he is right now.
And then Steve told them when they were. He wasn't concentrating on what he said much, all his focus was on Tony. If Tony dies, he would never forgive himself for all the arguments they had.
"I think we should pack it up here for now. Everyone is exhausted and at this rate, we won't find them any time soon." Natasha suggests and everyone nods in approval even though they don't want to abandon their friends like that, however, they probably have no other choice. They won't find them if they collapse from fatigue. Their friends are strong and they would understand.
The genius doesn’t look like his usual sassy sarcastic playful self. No, this was a completely different person. If Steve didn’t know he wouldn’t recognise him. He sits beside the bed and takes Tony’s hand into his. It’s warm, that’s good… he tells to himself. And he just stares at him, even if the brunette looks the way he looks, Steve still thinks that he is the most beautiful person ever alive.
"Okay everyone, have fun. We are going to lock ourselves in the lab." Tony announces and goes with Bruce to work on the project. They are almost done, but it will take the remaining part of the day. Tony will be probably free when Steve arrives back from the mission.
“Well, I”m glad my personal life amuses you so much.”
why do so many aliens look and speak like humans
Steve’s pulled his own chair close to Tony’s. He clasps Tony’s fingers in his hand. He’ll let go when Tony wakes up. For now he’ll savor the touch. Tony is alive. Tony’s skin is warm, the crooks of his skin brushing against Steve’s own.
“You ever met the man that settled this valley, Sheriff?”
the doctor said that the armor might slow them down a little but wouldn’t actually stop them and after they ate me they could still operate my armor and speak with my voice and stuff
By this time, Steve’s super-soldier serum had rendered any trace of his injuries undetectable. Tony had patched himself up to the best of his ability. “Patched up” is a phrase which here means “covered what was left of his black eye with makeup.” Tony characteristically had dark circles under his eyes from lack of sleep, and, in order to maintain symmetry, covered the dark circles under the uninjured eye as well as the bruising on the injured one. It was expensive makeup, and expertly applied, but, several members of his team—who were various combinations of trained spies, good friends, and observant people—got a close enough look at him to note the absence of the dark circles and correctly surmised that he was trying to obscure an injury.
Tony gives up on using a glass and drinks straight from the bottle.
Pepper smiles one of her opalescent little smiles that reminds him of waves on Malibu beaches.
“That’s right,” Steve said.
“There, was that so hard?” Tony asks, smiling a little. “See, it’s not that bad.”
Then he sees Steve.
Steve looked at Tony for some moments. Then he asked, “Why didn’t you want to tell me?”
“Man, how do you
“You really got Tiberius Stone to do all that,” Steve marvels. “In front of all those reporters.”
right?!
I’m hungry okay
“Is there a back-up plan if he says no to all of this?” Tony asks.
It’s nice sitting so close to Tony, Steve thinks, shifting closer before he realizes what he’s doing. As his eyes drift shut, he hears Rhodes, who’s already resting his head on Jan’s shoulder, say, “Yeah, man,” followed by a yawn, and then soft snores. Jan and Pepper are still chatting quietly, but none of it sounds like words to Steve.
do I wanna know what these librarians were
“I’m not… entirely retired,” Steve points out.
“Nuthin’ new.”
If Tony had given him the chance, Steve would’ve—
“It’s weird, isn’t it? I’m sorry, I wasn’t trying to be pushy, I just, I know we haven’t been together that long—”
“Okay, how about the Spa—”
The bulb inside the apparatus lights up, though the filament long since burned out. “Here is your 'vision of the future' courtesy of the world's greatest inventor—Tony Stark!” says a little wax cylinder on a turntable, followed by the sound of the machine spitting out a slip of paper.
“Officially? A year.”
He feels like an idiot. Of course they’ve mastered time travel. And of course, Tony’s going to stay here. And more than that, even if they both stayed—well, Tony wouldn’t have any reason to stick around Steve any more. Tony could do great things here. Of that, Steve has no doubt: the idea that Tony
You know, Wolverine can’t talk to wolverines either. Not Logan OR Laura
“I thought we weren’t talking about your sex life,” Hardison sighs. “Really Eliot? You? You’re the one to bring the conversation all the way back there?”
He sees it before he feels it. It happens before his eyes, while he’s wiping grease off his fingers with a paper napkin.
Steve almost expects to feel something when he assigns a taskforce to find Lukin, Faustus, and Zola. He doesn’t.
just these white art nouveau things that couldn’t even move but then there these HUMAN FACES projected out of their heads which was deeply uncool
Tony makes himself comfortable sitting on the edge of the bed, arranges Steve flat on his stomach, and places Steve’s head in his lap. His groin smells like his expensive bodywash, his arousal adding a note of musk. “Open wide,” he says, a smile in his voice, driving his cock into Steve’s mouth the moment his lips touch the head.
Tony spends too long in the shower, standing under the spray long after he’s clean. His legs ache, the bite on his shoulder twinges, he’s still weak from being in a coma, not to mention the soreness from Steve fucking him. None of that is close to enough to worry Steve with, though.
“I’m glad you did,” Steve says, watching him.
So it’s this part of the conversation already; Steve’s just cast Tony as harboring every principle of injustice Steve has ever fought against, and Tony’s going to say something that will lower Steve’s opinion of him even further.
“C’mon Tony, even regular pilots can’t be colorblind. I can’t see normally, I can’t hear normally, I can’t breathe normally, you don’t have to pretend I can actually help anyone just to make me feel better.”
Steve likes the sound of that.
Steve swivels back to the table all at once.
guilty ::blushing face:: ::finger-guns emoji:: ::smiling sunglasses face::
“What?” Tony starts to sit up, turn to look Steve in the face, but Steve’s arm around his shoulders keeps him in place.
the doctor helped me program my gauntlet to pull us out of this library maze dimension thing
He doesn’t realize he’s agreed to anything until Steve says, “Great. Mayor Hill recommended someone. I can’t wait to see what you come up with.”
“No,” Steve says, animosity leaking out of him like flour from a burst sack. “I don’t expect it will.”
Steve’s exasperated (exasperated
Steve carries Tony to a suite of rooms in another part of the helicarrier. These are large and imposing, on a grander scale than where Steve brought him before, and richly decorated in Hydra green.
Steve bundles Tony closer to his chest. The movement jostles Tony’s limbs, making him whimper as his shoulder protests. “Shh,” Steve says. He presses a delicate kiss to Tony’s forehead. “I’ve got you, Tony. They’re not going to hurt you any more.”
“Can I have a word?” Steve says, not taking his hand away.
Maybe Tony can really do this.
Bucky says, “Just point me at Red Skull and the rest, and I’ll go.”
When he returns, he sidles right up beside Steve. Their arms brush as he pours in the beans and flicks the switch. The machine works smooth as a hot knife through butter.
Everyone tells him it’s supposed to be foggy and gray. He wonders if Tony’s found a way to bring some Southern California sunshine out here with him. As the first thought he allows himself to fully form about Tony, it could be a lot worse.
There were “repeating rifles” prior to the Civil War, which fire shots one at a time. The "repeating" part was that you got to load more than one round at a time. The weapons shown in the flashback in the comic look, to my utterly inexpert eye, like fully automatic firearms (machine guns). Both keep firing as long as the trigger is held. This would have been far ahead of its time (the first submachine gun was invented in 1918). The closest thing there was in 1872 was a gatling gun, which was something in-between a machine gun and a small canon. They were first used in 1862, the year the Stark Repeating Rifles are shown first being used, so I imagine in this universe Richard Gatling didn't bother.
so how are we supposed to meet back up?
pretty much yeah
Tony tears it off the roll on its perforated edge. He reads it. It’s not one of the fortunes he’d had printed.
“Must’ve just broke,” Steve insists.
Besides. There are certain requests to be made. He owes it to Tony.
“How are you?” Tony asks at last, lifting his chin and angling his face so he has a better view of Steve.
Tony dries off and dresses again. He’s going to be wandering the helicarrier in socks, sweatpants, and the t-shirt Steve wore yesterday.
“Damn that dam,” Stark mutters.
“I have a friend in New York,” Wong replies. He doesn’t sound happy about it. “He’ll be able to hide it. Keep it safe.” With that, he kicks his mount into motion and is off.
anthony edward stark
that was an uncharacteristic and conspicuously long delay between replies
Tony glares, but the air goes out of his sails. His voice is low and steady when he says, “Yeah. I did.”
The lie Natasha Romanov found herself most often contemplating—and was at times her favorite—was this one: “I would now. And I'm always honest.”
“There’s been enough bloodshed today!” Carol Danvers says, blocking him entirely.
“What the hell did you do to me,” Steve says.
y’know
"We always need you," Steve says immediately, and it sounds like
Social commitments seen to for the day, Tony makes for his forge. A fierce and noisome wind sends the buildings creaking and signs rattling. He’s grateful he hasn’t taken to wearing a hat again, as he’d have lost it several times over in the last minute alone.
, his forearm says.
“That, the yelling, disappointing you, betraying you, that’s us. That’s what I did. And you should know, you’re the one who remembers it.”
no comment
They’ve barely spoken since the battle with Thanos. Hell, they’ve barely spoken since Tony stumbled off that spaceship eight years ago. Each time they try, Steve aches with frustration and shame. He’s only made it worse for himself by asking this of Tony. Steve’s hiding this from him. Steve’s using Tony in a way Tony would never want. He knew all this before he asked, and he did anyway, just to have this lewd, tawdry scrap of Tony.
At the small of his back it says,
Anything for my second-favorite Hawkeye ::heart emoji:: ::blowing kiss emoji::
Mostly though there were a lot of books and then some robots and monsters tried to kill us.
Mister Honton walks off in the direction of the hotel.
That’s true. It sounds more like an oboe, a full brass section, a piano, and a women’s choir.
When Tony returns, he’s dressed in a three-piece suit, and he’s not alone. A woman in a crimson dress has her arms around him and her tongue down his throat as he backs into the bedroom, tugging a barrel-chested man along by the hand. Steve smells sweat and whiskey. Several more eager couples follow behind Tony and his partners, in various states of undress. A woman kicks off her four-inch heels and shimmies out of a skin-tight pair of jeans before she notices Steve.
They sit in bed and watch one of Steve’s old movies. Steve makes microwave popcorn. After the second film, Tony asks, “Don’t you have an organization to run?” and Steve pins him to the wall and undoes Tony’s robe.
The store’s PA system starts playing “Singin’ in the Rain,” the way it always does when the automated misters in the produce section turn on. Tony imagines that the store’s employees tire of that gimmick very quickly.
we’re supposed to pick a time in superhero history where different parts of the multiverse connected and then explain to the class what happened and how they got unconnected again
Steve chuckles. “Seldom, but this time we can be ready. You heeled, Stark?”
"Can we talk about it later?" Steve asks. He sounds tentative, unlike himself. He's usually so big in his fury.
The visitor in white catches Steve watching him and stops, meeting Steve’s gaze with a three-by-nine smile and an arched eyebrow.
“Of course. I apologize, Commander Rogers.”
His narrow bed is practically identical to dozens of others he's awoken in in hospitals, labs, and infirmaries all over the world. Except those beds had had call buttons. This one has a small panel with controls to raise or lower the head of the bed, and an outlet with a USB port next to it. Nothing else.
Tony’s mouth is slack. He’s trembling. Is this—how can Steve—
Transforms 3 basic chosen tiles into yellow protect tiles, each with a strength of 60. Stuns 2 random enemies for 2 turns and downs Captain America.
"I'm sure you have questions," Steve says.
“How long has this been happening?” Natasha asked.
“I can’t,” Steve says, sounding more miserable and terrified than Tony’s ever seen him. “Not again, don’t—”
Steve tugs Tony closer, so their torsos are flush. Steve’s covers the face of Tony’s implant. The glow of it climbs up their chests, brightest where it spills up from the narrow line where their bodies meet—as if the soft cerulean light is forged in the place they’re pressed together.
Tony's mouth is dry and his brain feels singed at the edges in a way he associates with painkillers and magic. A cold liquid drips from an IV into the crook of each elbow. Instead of the faint smell of hydrogen peroxide that he associates with hospitals and infirmaries, he's hit by the stench of ammonia. He blinks his eyes open. His gaze falls to his arms; there are markings scattered across them. In what looks like black greasepaint, sigils, circles, and shapes are written over all of the skin visible to him. His fogged brain tries to latch onto what the scent of ammonia reminds him of, and then he looks up and the thought flies from him because Steve is sitting at his bedside.
Rhodes grins, looking very pleased with himself. “I made these myself.”
“Yeah.” Steve swallows. “I guess so.”
I mean more than usual
The bugs are practically swarming when he turns a bend and finds not another pulsing pink pathway as he expected but an open plain of sun-yellowed grasses and white flowers. A river cuts across the whole horizon, reflecting a dark, moonless sky—though Tony’s sure the last time he was out at night, on the balcony of his rooms in Doom Manor not a full day ago, the moon had been waxing gibbous.
“I could’ve killed you.” He draws his gaze from Tony’s lips to his eyes and, oh. He’s about to cry, too.
him!”
“C’mere!” Tony yells over one shoulder, zooming toward the opposite wall.
Steve can read Tony in a fight. The years they spent working side-by-side translates—as Steve knows all too well—into facing him as an opponent. And he knows his own moves, the way he’ll lift his shield like
what do you think that means?
right?!
“What do you want, Steve?” Tony sinks back into his seat, though he turns it so he’s facing Steve directly now. “Because I can’t just forget what happened.”
“That’s not my home any more,” Steve says after a moment. Tony’s his home. If he can’t have that, he can go where he’s useful.
dressed like an extra from a commercial for fitness equipment in a 1980s dystopia
“Delicious. Can I help with prep?”
Steve does. He watches Tony soar and dive and fly loop-de-loops like he was rained out of the sky instead of born.
PASSIVE:
Tony nods. “I can breathe, I just—feel like I can’t.”
“Fucking do it then,” Steve snaps.
Their burgers arrive, then Tony’s coffee, then Steve’s next two burgers, and Steve painstakingly transcribes all of Tony’s song recommendations, and after that when they walk to Harold’s Ice Cream Parlor, Steve takes Tony’s hand and doesn’t let go until their milkshakes arrive, so maybe it was a date after all.
"And I'm awake because of" —Tony points at a Fibonacci spiral near his elbow— "magic?" The IVs are gone, their insertion points blotted with cotton balls and sealed with medical tape.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Steve replied, then winced.
Steve pins the intruder to the wall. “What the hell is this?”
“I might visit Alcatraz,” Steve replies, lifting his luggage out of the man’s arms and carrying it into the tiny lobby without another word.
She smirks and examines her fingernails. “I take it you haven’t heard.”
Steve can’t feel anymore where Tony touched him.
“It matters to me,” Natasha replied. “And you didn’t answer my question.”
classic
“I don’t expect you to.”
The mud thickens. His clothes grow heavy with it. His trousers turn green with algae. The sun is fat and bright behind him, casting his shadow black as pitch over the murk before him. A mosquito bites him behind one ear. Water seeps through the leather of his boots and into the wool of his socks. His soles are sucked into the mire with each footfall. He pulls them out with sickening, sloshing sounds. Something splinters underfoot; he thinks it’s the bones of a human hand.
“Oh,” Tony says dumbly. “And here I thought you were here to kick me off the team,” he says, not quite exaggerating. The way Steve’s talking about it, around it, well, it’s hard not to imagine—
So. Peonies. That’s a start, at least. He has sixteen hours. He’ll figure something out.
“I barely got a turn with him,” another voice says. It might be the man with bare hands; Tony’s eyes are too heavy to open.
Iron Man (Casualties of War)
“The team needs me.”
Jan purses her lips.
Tony runs through the riddles he knows by heart, and chooses a question best answered by an engineer. “You've got three sacks, all the same size. One is full up with coffee beans. How do you fill the other two by emptying that one?”
Like so many things, this kind of belief is generally only espoused by people who have never been, and never will be, Avengers.
The man with bare hands steps in closer, a leering smile on his face, leaning in so his breaths come hot and harsh in Tony’s ear, and this is where Steve wants them both.
Tony laughs and releases Steve’s wrists. He laughs harder when Steve tries to push Tony off of him, when he twists, trying to roll them over and drag his hips away from Tony’s.
Tony is, hand to god, speechless. Steve really does want the world to know about them. God, he really, really wishes Steve were here.
last I checked yeah
“Anyone come in sayin’ they know where it is or anything about it?”
He’s utterly calm when he does it. Tony never thought he’d miss the anger that used to accompany Steve’s violence.
Tony hugs the box to himself. “Hey, these are mine! You want Rhodes cookies, you become Rhodey’s best friend, or you suck up Mrs. Rhodes, but these are all for me.”
Tony crowded into Steve’s space. “What the
is there another lovecraftian librarian?
Steve’s breath catches. “The—”
Whatever you say man
He’s halfway through a grilled cheese sandwich with avocado when his phone buzzes.
, really. It wouldn’t be inaccurate to say it crashed into them.
– A moment, an instant, jiffy
you won’t really tell anyone what I said after we got pretzels, right?
Steve looked confused for a moment. “I meant to say that.” He frowned. “I wanted to tell you.”
“She mention me?” Tony asked, his car doors unlocking with a click as he approached. “She must have some adorable stories about babysitting me back in the day.”
Steve doesn’t speak. Every second that passes is another second for Steve to decide to move. To attack.
Sam shakes his head. “Don’t play dumb with me, man.”
do you think he’s mad that I haven’t found a way out of here yet?
He’s used to having a borrowed body. This is one he gets to pick what to do with, mostly, even if Tony’s the one who owns it. So it’s easy, really, to owe his body to Tony.
Maria Hill cuts across the grass toward them, moving briskly. The snow comes heavier, great clumps of it catching on their hair and skin, on their bare fingers—if it’s not August, what month is it?—and Tony’s weightless and falling, Steve clinging to him, the pavement heaving and undulating like a storm at sea. The park is full of people, all of them lurching and stumbling, like they can’t trust the ground beneath their feet. Brian is one of them, walking so close to Hill that he practically body-checks her as he brushes past. Alicia is there too, and the guys from the bowling alley, and Otto from the diner—Alicia’s hair is black, snarled with snowflakes, her face obscured by a golden mask—
don’t tell anyone okay
america says that you might have your own l-space field?
He remembers when his days felt distinct from one another. A different problem to solve, a different challenge. Not just the fights and the villains, but the rooftop breakfasts, the late-night confidences. The evenings working quietly, separately, in the same room, enjoying each other’s company, alone together.
"Yarrow" is an old Scottish folk song. "Dowie" is a rendering of "dewy." "Dens" is a Scots word meaning "A narrow valley or ravine, usually wooded." Most versions of the song do mention drowning, suggesting that there's a creek or river in these dowie dens.
dude lead with that next time
And day by day another star fades from the celestial sphere.
“Don’t fucking say that!”
Consciousness returns swaddled in oppressive layers of cotton; Tony's mouth is dry, and when he opens his eyes, those are dry too. In his peripheral vision he catches Steve snatching his arm away, like he'd had his hand beside Tony's and has drawn it back now that Tony's awake. But Steve's here, like he said he would be, and even though Tony has to turn and tilt his neck awkwardly to keep Steve in view properly, he thinks Steve almost looks happy to see him.
“I stand by what I did,” Steve says, and oh, Tony can just imagine how his jaw is set, how straight he’s holding his back.
Three days after the Leverage team has taken the job, Tony’s on the secure line that he and Hardison set up for their daily check-ins, and without preamble Spencer says, “Hammer’s working with ViaStone.”
and when Steve’s eyes open—
but also he was pretty concerned that they were in the library
“You changed me, alright, but not like you mean. Not all at once.”
have—jumped at a chance to stop Tony for good. He’d be doing it right now, if he didn’t know this, this fact that would make it so goddamn easy. He’d expend more effort snapping a wooden support beam.
hey bubblegum
“What are you going to do?” Tony asks.
Tony stays silent, but the effort of it shows on his face.
He’s shaking when they free his ankles. He stays quiet while they hold him down and the one with the dagger slices lines into his skin, but he jerks away when it nicks his nipple. The men laugh. When he bleeds through his shirt, they cut it off. Each break in his skin tugs at his attention like a pull from a fishhook lodged in his cheek, but the agony in his feet overwhelms his capacity for pain, and when he starts sobbing, the stinging in his feet are the reason.
But Tony’s never been his.
bucky and clint totally have a thing
He’s barely finished speaking when Parker says, “Would he help out on this?”
Tony draws Steve’s bottom lip into his mouth. He licks a line across it, sucks on it, slowly releases it. Steve groans. The sound reverberates through his skull. Sensations of Tony flood him thoroughly. He’s buoyant with it, nearly shivering: sharing breath, tasting the wet of Tony’s tongue, holding each other in their arms.
4 Stars
“I can't argue with that,” Tony agrees. “But since you last saw it, I've made some modifications. Which I now regret.” He pops the spring on his wrist piece and lifts out his flask. Happily, it’s full.
::bow and arrow emoji:: ::bow and arrow emoji:: ::bow and arrow emoji::
Let’s just all keep in touch about where we are. We have to end up in the same library eventually.
he made the eye-slits too small. At least the poor creature landed on its rider.
If the target is a member of Team Iron Man, deals 72 damage per tile. If the target is Iron Man himself, deals 95 damage per tile.
This doesn’t make sense, and Steve hates it. Tony’s thrown his support behind this invasive, tyrannical initiative, he’s turned his back on Steve, on everything they’ve shared, he’s responsible for the deaths and incarceration of those he once called friends—and now he says he’s stepping back and letting Steve fucking execute him. Tony knows something, something important, and he’s keeping it from Steve.
They congregate in one of the penthouse’s smaller entertaining areas, the couch-filled den where Steve and Tony watch Star Trek. Robots serve birthday cake, tea, and coffee in addition to the alcohol selection they’d provided before. Steve gets a slice with most of Tony’s name written on it in frosting.
In this case, “civilian” refers to a bystander who is not an active member of law enforcement or peacekeeping efforts, and therefore
It’s winding down, thank god. Tony’s tie has felt too tight since he stepped into the room. Everyone knows the story now, even those who hadn’t been there. The escaped villains and the missing Cosmic Cube—the little girl, Kobik, Cube, whatever she was—have meant every working superhero has at least a passing knowledge of Pleasant Hill, SHIELD’s mild-altering incarceration center extraordinaire.
“It’s no problem,” Steve assures him. “Honestly, she gave me a weird feeling, too.”
He dozes in and out of sleep, dreaming of Tony touching him. Thirst and soreness keep him from losing consciousness entirely. In a moment of wakefulness, he knows he can’t go through this again. He can’t bear to see San Francisco again. It’s supposed to be a mirror of Tony, bold and brilliant and beautiful, but it feels like a reflection of Steve, instead: desperate, eating its own tail, needing Tony to save the day. He cries again, dry, choking sobs, until he wears himself out and his thoughts slip from his grasp once more.
Stark takes a pull from his flask. “This and that.”
“You tell me,” Steve answers, helping Tony onto Apple’s back. “You’re sheriff now, ain’t ya?”
Tony stares at him for a beat. Then his eyes drop to Steve’s lips, and before Steve can make sense of that, Tony has surged to his feet to kiss him.
He works through the night, into the next day, and then all day through. The sun is down by the time the armor’s functional; Tony’s not sure how long it has been, having not noticed it setting. Now that his hammering’s done, he can hear a hubbub of voices, blows, and shattering glass.
“It’s not actually moving, he’s fine,” she rushes to add. “It’s a phantom pain sort of thing, I think. He won’t really talk about it, even to me.”
For all that it seemed an ordinary book when Wong first set it in front of him, it sits wrong now in his hand. When he hefts it, it feels heavier than a book of its size ought to, yet it added no weight to his saddlebag at all. The binding that appeared to be common cowhide proves unsettling to touch, familiar and yet unlike any leather Tony can name.
Stark tilts his head as if thinking. “You know,” he says slowly, “I don’t think I am.” His slurring sounds like an affectation, though Steve's not sure how much he can attribute that thought to Stark's cleverness and how much to his own wishful thinking.
how would that help
the library?
They don’t understand. “We let him die in the street! We're all damned!” he yells, even as he's pushed inside.
Land of the Free (Yellow)
A sensible conclusion, Mr. Barton.
When he’d first gotten out of the ice, SHIELD/Hydra gave him a computer loaded up with e-books and videos about things he needed, according to them, be up-to-date on. Since learning about the infiltration, Steve’s spent a lot of time thinking about who chose the contents and why. How much was intended to be misinformation or misdirection? How much was well-intentioned, or even just an effort to ensure he didn’t embarrass them?
Steve hit the bag hard enough that an ordinary one would have broken open, but of course it wasn’t an ordinary one and it just swung back at him. Out the window, beyond the string lights and neon of Club A, the marquee of Stark Tower marched along in flashing LEDs: STARK, STARK, STARK. Tony was up there, at the very top, having a great time without Steve.
no thanks big guy
“More or less,” Tony says with a grimace. “I’m afraid I left a bit of a shambles back home.”
and stick to the lit parts
Rhodes sighs, and some of the tension leaves his posture. “I know you wanna help, Cap, but he doesn’t want anyone to see him right now. I promise that when he’s feeling better, he’ll be glad to hear that you came by.” He tilts his head. “I just won’t tell him that you knew he’s hurt.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Natasha nodded.
“No worries, Boss, he’s on blackout anyway.”
“I think you pulled enough corks fer today, Stark. It ain’t even noon.”
“Yep,” Steve says into a wall of fabric. “I’m stupid, you’re a genius, please go.”
“Hardison’s working on Stone,” Spencer says.
“Thought you’d never ask,” Friday replies.
“I like observing milestones,” Steve says. “It’s the town’s bicentennial coming up soon, too, right?”
Either way, there is much that can be gleaned from the shape and absence of snow, whether it’s the shadows cast on the blank canvas nature has provided or the impressions left by hooves and combat boots and paws and frostbitten bare feet.
unacceptable pun count: 2
Crossing the threshold of the portal is like passing through a cloud of gnats at Mach 2 in Iron Man’s arms.
, Steve. Just you.”
“Alright, alright, hear me out: the Beijing Double Butterfly.”
thanks for sending it and remembering all his favorite toppings
so are you gonna tell me what all that was about
bring back the pretzels asap
“Okay, yeah:
“Holy shit you guys are good,” Tony says. He and Steve are still in bed, waiting for the breakfast JARVIS sent out for to arrive.
He scoops Tony into his arms, barely pausing to break away from the kiss, and carries him down several hallways. When he stops, they’re in a suite of rooms, and Steve sets him down on a bed with a blue bedspread. Tony’s head swims. Steve runs his hands all over Tony, pressing into Tony like he’s trying to keep him from crumbling. He undresses them both and pins Tony to the mattress while he fucks him. Steve says he wants to see Tony’s face, which Tony has imagined him saying so many times. He uses Tony harshly, and Tony’s imagined that, too. He comes, and Tony can feel the pulse inside him. He’s never done this without a condom—not that he remembers. Steve barely pauses, rolling onto his back and taking Tony with him, taking Tony by his hip and wrapping another hand around his dick, his own cock still hard, driving into him from below. He holds Tony up so Tony can ride him. It’s draining and dizzying but it’s worth it for Steve. Tony doesn’t look away until he throws his head back and stifles a cry. Steve follows soon after, pulsing and grunting, taking in Tony’s thin, sweat-sheened body, the mess still dripping down his abdomen, never letting his eyes fall shut.
what doreen
“Hm.”
When Steve had cornered him for a conversation, Tony knew with dread and certainty that Steve was going to tell him he was wrong about Ulysses. That he should listen to Carol.
Fifteen minutes before that week’s movie night, Steve called Tony from Citi Field. “Sharon had an extra ticket to the game tonight, it was a last minute thing,” he said.
It's nigh unto sundown and Tony's just about pertend up when Red Wolf, Luke Cage, Missus Barnes, and Wong ride up, Apple cantering alongside them.
don’t believe him you guys, he stopped because these toddlers wanted iron man’s autograph
You Escalate, I Escalate (Blue)
the more discerning corners of the press taking this incident?”
waxing poetic about all the great stuff that “mr stark” comes up with
“Bye?” Tony says, just as the call goes dead.
gesture. Like he isn’t standing, unarmored, with his back to a wall, only the water-damaged table separating them. “This is what your overrides are
we got to the next floor and it seemed normal. there were bookshelves and windows and signs pointing to the stairs and the library reception desk and it said we were in biographies
Right.
This was back when they were first friends, best friends, and it felt almost safe to have those kinds of hopes. Maybe the whole experience should have taught him that they want different things from each other.
It isn’t getting better. Steve isn’t getting better.
“Sure, they seen sumthin’ alright.” Stark laughs, bitter as quinine. “Get a drink or five into a fella, an’ he’ll tell ya all about the demons n' hellfire n' all kinds of portents he’s seen.”
But that’s sort of what I mean. He asks out a lot of people. If he’s interested in me, why hasn’t he asked me out?
“Right.” Tony looks at his hands. He wishes he still had the stylus to fiddle with, and has to will his fingers still instead.
He gives his all, such as it is, and gets a few hits in. He knees one of the men in the groin, and he thinks he breaks another’s nose. He even snags a gun out of a harness and gets a few shots off before he’s overpowered. One is a kill shot, right through the head. The others go wild as he’s tackled to the ground.
Thirty-six hours before Dr. Strange was scheduled to return to his home dimension, War Machine, Falcon, and Black Widow successfully tracked down the Asgardian sorceress they had fought 3 weeks previous. The Vision and Scarlet Witch stayed at the compound to monitor James.
with a tip that there's to be another lynching.”
Rogers is still calling out to the whole town. “Throw off the dual yokes of tyranny and corruption! Take back Timely with me! Don't be afraid to claim the streets and demand to live in a free land!”
“You sure about that?” Spencer asks.
Tony and I visited the Avengers’ headquarters in another universe and met another version of the two of us.
the windows are gone too
“Just what I’d hoped to speak to Mister Tillard about. Are you an acquaintance of Mister Honton’s, as well?”
“The things I said. The things I
“That’s all,” Tony repeats, bitterness filling his voice. “Yeah.”
but he also seemed really into iron man too!!!
you here. Don’t you get it? You’re mine now, and you’ve just told me you always have been.”
Steve steps out of his office to retrieve a tablet he left behind after a meeting. It’s late; the only people he encounters on his way to the long-empty conference room are agents at their posts.
Grants a burst of 45% health.
The last time Steve thought an elevator moved too slowly it was 1944, so this one is probably moving at normal speeds for the compound—which is to say, faster and smoother than any elevators commercially available outside of Wakanda—but it definitely doesn’t feel like it.
A good man wouldn’t kill an unarmed one. But Tony’s not a good man, and his only regret is that when he lodges that knife into the hollow spot where the fella’s jaw ends is that he’s done it on his own front porch, in broad daylight and plain view of the whole town.
“That all, Sheriff?”
Steve leaves after helping Tony with the routine maintenance of his body. Tony stays there, sprawled on Steve’s bed, too weak to move, until the drugs in his breakfast flood his mind.
. Why was I able to do that?”
“He said he’d slip some extra molasses into my next order.”
Tony shakes his head. “Then find a way to not have tried to kill me.”
“It’s okay, she told me she told you.” Rhodes smiles. “She has some scheme cooking, I think. I try to stay out of it. I gotta head back up, but I’ll definitely tell him you were looking for him, okay?”
“No,” Steve says into Tony’s hair. “No. I want to protect you.”
Grants allies a 35% boost of their health and downs Iron Man.
Tony dreams of a valley strewn with corpses. A massacre. Of a handful of men, meant to be fighting for freedom, mowing down hundreds of their brothers in a matter of minutes. Stark Repeating Rifles that don’t stop firing, even after the ground is nothing but blood and ruined bodies. He dreams of Union soldiers holding their fingers on the trigger and never letting go, firing endless rounds, until there’s more lead in the air than oxygen. He’s perched on a hill above, wanting a drink more than he has in his life up until then. It’s a want he hasn’t shaken; it might be the only thing he knows how to want any more.
The memory alone of heated breath traipsing over the outer shell of his ear made his body shudder.
’ finding itself flung, pages flapping across the open space because seriously, what kind of person cared what the colour of their cars said about them?
The evening continued to drag and despite his efforts, Tony couldn’t stop his thoughts wandering back to the ‘All American Hero’. It hadn’t been uncommon, on nights such as these, for Steve to pop down with a warm drink in hand and the charming offer to help. Without question, the soldier had a pretty good understanding of this century’s technology and his ideas were well thought out with a certain degree of an explanation backing it up it was just, his intentions were actually a coded excuse to give him hell, mostly over how much time he had put into his work and what the effects from the lack of sleep would have on his body not to mention his mind-set.
