John's frown deepened into more of a scowl, but underlying it Sherlock knew that the vampire was considering this well.  He knew his point was valuable—Sherlock did not waste his time basing an argument on a point that wasn’t of value.  The restaurant was also one of the few places in the city that he relatively could stand eating at that was open this late on a weekday.
The vampire felt his body jerk and his eyes flashed open. Sherlock’s grip turned the wheel sharply back and the car came back into its lane, only garnering a few honks from passing motorists.
As if in conflict with that sentiment he raised his eyes and held his head a little higher.  Lestat certainly was not one to shrink away and he supposed he understood why.  They were powerful, much more power than John had ever imagined possessing, and he could simply disappear if he so chose.  If he wanted to stick to the shadows he could be high flying across the rooftops out of sight, but the thought of that was even more supernatural than strolling amongst people on the sidewalk.
The vampire was incredibly confused, only increasing his irritation.  “Then why the hell are we driving half way across Europe to do her errand with nothing but her word?” he barked.
A small smirk flitted onto the angelic face as he looked through half lidded eyes at John, knowing the image he made. “You demanded that we not share a bed.” He drew one leg up, forcing the blanket he had been curled under to shift and pool at the juncture of his hip. This revealed that he wore what he customarily did when crawling into bed—nothing. “I did not capitulate to your ridiculous demand.”
"I have no interest in playing this game with you, Lestat. Do what you will but know that you're sure to face consequences beyond your narrow scope.  Yet again and yet again, you will bring suffering to anyone stupid enough to stand to close to you. That is why you will always be alone." There was sadness in the timber of the words as Sherlock pushed himself to sit more upright when the youth turned toward him and began to approach.
Sherlock’s hand had quickly clasp over the wound to assess the damage to his throat, finding it wet he drew his fingers back to reveal the scarlet stain of blood as the brunet fought the conflicting emotions running rampant through him. The arousal of that unexpected moment replaced by shock and confusion at the incident as much as the words that had passed those lips, still tinted red with the consulting detectives own blood, the tone and choice of words was almost removed from the man who had spoken them. The macrocosm that existed in the Baker Street flat was tilting on its axis at the perplexity of what had just transpired between the two men. John’s gaze was accusatory, no longer did the half-lidded glaze of undeniable lust shine in his eyes while he began to rise from the floor.
With that territorial proclamation blazing through both of their brains John leaned in, their mouths meeting in a crushing demand. Open and hungry, their tongues fought for dominance. Every invading sweep of his tongue, every careful nip of teeth was a silent statement to submit. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around him once more, a trapping embrace that pulled at John until their bodies were flush.
“Yeah! I will be Sherlock and you can be John. Mrs. Hudson won't even know the difference.” Louis was rolling his eyes and smiling broadly behind a discreet hand, as John drew in long deep breath.
The cab ride home had been chilly, the night air crisp with the threat of frost, and when he arrived back at 221B the flat proved to be cold too.  Leaving his coat on he entered the flat and promptly flopped onto his back on the long couch by the door, resting his feet on the arm rest still clad in his leather shoes.  From his pocket he pulled his mobile.
Rain pattered lightly on the blackened window of the car, the only sound breaking the silence other than Anthea’s infernal typing.  If one were watching the building they would be completely unaware that two individuals were inside.  He hoped that it stayed that way.
"He--yuh!" John’s indignation was stifled by a yelp as Lestat's arm lock tightened with the sickening sound of flesh and joints being squeezed. Like a nut in the hold of a slowly tightening vice, the fledgling vampire, weakened as he was, was hapless to do anything about it. Lestat's expression hadn't changed and Moriarty only continued to be amused with his well laid plans.
Moriarty shook his head before coming around the alter towards the pews.  He sauntered up to the detective, his steps leisurely weaving in front of one another, that smarmy pleasant smile still plastered on his face. As he neared, the demon’s smacked the detective’s hands away from protecting the broken nose. He ruthlessly snatched a mittful of his dark hair. He pulled up with just enough force to keep Sherlock sitting as straight and still as was possible. Any movement would cause the hair to pull too tight. The other man leaned in close and Sherlock was able to study the reanimated creature for the first time.  Although the man had him in a tenuous predicament, the genius could not help but gather data.
“God,” the man muttered. “No one else gave me this kind of trouble.” Louder he said, “Sherlock is at home, get in the car.”
He broke the kiss on a gasp and ran his tongue along the underside of the man’s jaw, nipping and sucking tenderly at the carotid artery before biting down hard. Sherlock cried out, his body jerking against John as his nails bit deeply into the doctor’s scalp and scored a red-hot trail of ecstasy down his back. He panted heavily into the crook of the younger man’s neck, shuddering even as he traced his tongue over the angry teeth marks.
Louis awoke with the thirst annoyingly gnawing at him. With Armand out of town, Lestat only God knew where, and the flats above his own deathly silent, he decided to alleviate his condition in one of the less savory areas of the city where another missing person wouldn’t really be missed.  Once satisfied he wasn’t really sure what to do with himself at first and his thoughts turned to finding out what the consulting detective had managed to discover thus far.
Suddenly a hard pillow whapped John in the face, causing him to start and cry out in offense as Sherlock bellowed pitifully, "You never do
He was weightless again, the ground somewhere below him, his body propelled into the air with such force that he was unsure if he was spinning or vertigo shook his vision.  He was suspended, over the bed for a moment, his vision barely able to catch a solid quick glimpse of Lestat standing now, hands in fists on his hips.  Then he was moving again, there was a loud thwack, and pain blossomed across his chest—
His mind palace always had and always would be transformable.  It was a mental place that he could create to any specifications or desires, whether for studious purposes or pleasurable.  He could create wherever, whenever, and whatever scenario he needed to complete any task that he set before himself.  It was one of the very useful aspects of such a mental methodology.
“Surely you know who was after Mary, who murdered her in her home, and staged it for John to find.” The detective hated the quick stricken sound of his own words as they left his lips.  He was unaccustomed to be at the losing end of controlling his own emotions and the effect was increasingly irritating.  He felt the irrational urge to leap across the desk top and wring the information from his elder brother’s strangling throat.
Sherlock's face scrunched in curiosity as he waved his arms to indicate the empty space around them.  "Why not?  We're safe here, you said so yourself.  What is the harm in discussing it now?"
“You and I never had a choice.” She said, her tone deflated and callous. “He was always there between us, even before you knew he was alive.”
“Oh and other things, dear.” She admitted, frowning into her tea cup, “It’s sad, really, the state one is reduced too as we age.”
More, he thought again, his fingers tightened in the detective’s hair almost to the point of causing pain, his other hand snaked around Sherlock’s waist, sliding up under the shirt to the skin hidden beneath. Sherlock arched into the touch, biting down on John’s lip as he rocked harder, silently demanding more.
He trailed a finger along the pale thigh and to the dip of the others belly button, looking up to see the dark eyes watching him with a wicked smile. “Is it my turn then, Louis?”
Unfortunately, John wasn’t sure how he felt about what they had just done. Now that the haze of lust was gone, that driving need for more, he didn’t know what to do in this situation. He had just had the best sex of his life with his flatmate, his best friend, a self-proclaimed sociopath. He wasn’t even gay for Christ sake.
Thinking of John again made his stomach clench, as he felt the anxious tickling sensation many referred to as ‘butterflies’.  John had been in the flat.  John was back.  He had been so close.
This realization evoked action.  The man gripped the sides of the tub, gained his footing and leaped out of the bath in one fluid motion.  Running out of the bathroom he darted to one of the large windows at the front of the flat, John's incredulous balk following him.  He pushed back the curtain and studied the street out front.  There was nothing out of the ordinary.  He rushed then to his bedroom, doing the same, experiencing the same result.  He closed his eyes and pressed his fingers against his temples, thinking, searching, reasoning, how was it even possible to tamper with another's mind.
Sherlock was back and everything that had made him work, gotten him through, was no longer required.
If not for Louis, he too would have met the same fate and certainly now had come into the power to do something about the villainous death order.  Mary had done nothing wrong, had let nothing of her former life leak.  She had John completed fooled into believing that she was nothing more than wonderfully plain and quaintly companionable, like half a million other ‘normal’ women in London.  Mary had hidden her past perfectly.  There had been no grounds for her murder.  She had endangered no one.
John took a deep breath and stared at the back of the man who was now pouring his focus into the items in front of him. The picture of one at work over a difficult task and despite the new surroundings it felt almost like old times at Baker Street. He took pains to let the moment linger and Sherlock’s truth about their situation settle.
John stepped around Sherlock to peer at the woman scolding him. There was little recognition there beyond what Marisa had revealed—a brief encounter, by chance, long ago. “For your information, Lestat beat the tar out of me not even twenty-four hours ago, and then he’s a fucking barista, handing Sherlock his drink?! I wasn’t about to let him get a leg up on me this time.”
"No." John enforced, unable to hide the hint of an amused smile growing at the corner of his mouth.  "We can take a bloody cab, like normal people."
Sherlock rose from his chair, his muscles protesting the action. He stretched his cramped limbs and found himself yawning. His body’s frustratingly real need for rest was catching up to him. Seeing that the internet search was futile, the man decided to give it up for the time being. He moved to the bathroom, relieved himself, and then showered.
“Of sorts.”  The response was cool and again delivered with an inexplicable mettle.  “You know now what I am…”—John was not so sure anymore that he did—“…and I have the means.”  The creature tipped his head slightly to the side, that wall of black hair, so sleek and so shiny, slipping over his woolen jumper as though it were leather.  “But you would have to agree, John, to allowing me to proceed to do so.”
The doctor was as porcelain white as the other two, his short cropped hair was an unreal golden luster, and his eyes were crisp and bright, the shift between the dark slate and the caramel brown centers was intensely lit, as though somehow illuminated from behind.  His face was a twisted snarl, intermittently covered by shameful hands that otherwise clawed at the vampire that held him back.  His face was smeared with crimson.  It stained his tongue and teeth, his lips and his chin, but it also seemed to be under his eyes, falling as though tears.
The fledgling’s relationship with his maker had always been a complicated affair and this incident was just another poignant testament to that very tangible fact.  The blond had always been a man of his own, rebellious by nature, and untrusting of advice and authority.  He was his own worst enemy, heedless of the insurmountable detriment that could follow his fool-hearty choices, and those that tried to help him were always callously brushed aside.  It had been the ruin of more than one of the vampire’s closest relationships.  David would be damned if he would let his maker brush him off.
Marisa nodded.  "The Talmasca only watch.  They refuse to interfere and Mary did not always think that was right.  Sometimes you see things you can't un-see.  Things that shouldn't happen in the blinded reality that everyone else lives.”
John had started to clean up after Mrs. Hudson had retired, picking up the cups, plates, and silverware, carrying them to the sink.  The pile was growing quite large and he really did not plan to wash them right away, so he left them heaped in the sink.  It was when he failed to find a place in the fridge for the leftover dish of sticky toffee pudding Molly had baked, between the plastic ziplock of pig’s ears, the tray of a half-dozen mold cultures, and the jug of milk, when he went in search of the detective, all the while wondering why the man was not helping.
“It’s time we move this little game along my pale knight. I expect that there shall be no falter in your part. I surely could not have made it more clear what the repercussions will be should you attempt to betray me or you fail outright. It might seem as if you stand to gain nothing by succeeding in my tasks but rest assured, there will be a reward of sorts. I am not without the ability to provide mercy, what sweeter gift can there be?” The smile turned to vampire was cheshire and with eyes black as pitch the fear welled again in Lestat’s gut. It only served to widen the demons grin, who seemed expectant now for an answer.
“Who on earth could hack someone’s mind?!” his hands ruffled his hair in a sudden check to ensure that there were no unknown bumps or tender spots that would indicate any sort of physical tampering with his person.
After a moment John let his lover slide free from his mouth, earning a mournful little whimper as he licked his lips and swallowed. He met the rich lust-darkened eyes of the detective and smiled slyly, "Maybe I just missed you."
The sentiment so strongly felt only made the doctor harrumph.  He swallowed his own exasperated first response and managed to replace it with a more calculated reply. “I shall consider it.”
Molly had come to gain knowledge of Lestrade’s brutal massacre in the pent house suit that the detective had to admit was interesting.  Miss Hooper did not have access to the pile of body parts but had been consulted by a colleague to help reassemble the dead and so had been given the intensive files regarding the find.  It had not taken her long to note that although the parts were separated that many of them demonstrated the same curious blood loss that the former murders had and that was why she had contacted her beloved detective.
“Then where are we going?” the detective asked, relieved to see the confirmation in the eyes that glanced back to him.
A hearty chuckle from both men rang out in the room, breaking the torturous malaise atmosphere that had descended on them. John’s hand dipped to the top curve of the other’s backside and gave it a sharp smack. Sherlock gave a satisfying yelp that was quickly followed by a low growl from between his gnashed teeth. He retaliated with a playful nip just beneath the vampire’s ear. John laughed softly as the detective’s mouth softened and laid a trickling trail of kisses along the length of his jaw until their mouths finally met.
His feet came to a sudden stop, as did the thoughts in his brain.  These two words emblazoned in his minds eye, blown up, punctuated with an exclamation mark.  “Not blood loss…no—Oh, that was tricky, that was so clever!”
This man was brilliant in a way that very few could properly appreciate and he was utterly striking in a purely masculine way. John blinked slowly, body weaving slightly as he stared up at his friend. The man’s eyes were magnificent; bright blue iris, warm gold crowding into the pupil with a dark green limbus containing it all. Tri-coloured eyes, sectoral heterochromia, his mind supplied for him.
detective will solve the case, that is, once he’s back in his right mind.  So many questions and we have Louis to thank for bringing us all together.” Lestat turned then and left, not bothering to lock the door to the small cottage on his way out.
chair—the one Sherlock had displaced and then quickly replaced once he was absolutely certain that the doctor would indeed come out now and then to play.  He gave the ugly paisley covered chair a fond look, far fonder than the shocked spectacle the doctor had made at the restaurant when seeing an old friend.  He sat down, his hands rubbing the fabric arms of the chair with familiarity, before he leaned back, crossed his ankles, and looked up at his friend, expectantly.
The bedroom was dark too, Sherlock’s figure in the long jacket nearly an outline splashed a little with the warm light from the streetlamps outside that hit his face and shoulders where he was pulling the curtain back.  The stock stillness with which the man erupted from at times with a contrasting leap, bound, or turn around was what the doctor expected to see, as he announced his presence with the flick of the light switch by the door.
“Alright.” David’s tone was soothing, “You look like you need rest. Would you care to stay at my accommodations? I have a few errands I must attend to but I can meet you there afterwards and should you wish it, we can talk further.” Lestat looked pained and quickly David followed it by adding, “Or we can leave it for the time being but I am sure that you will also have questions once you are feeling ready to ask them.”
John, still restrained by his maker, seemed to be regaining his faculties slowly. Lestat’s eyes were downcast, lost yet not vacant. The utter stillness was unsettlingly, statuesque, and still Sherlock was reminded of how wild and without precedent the current circumstances were to him.
It had started out as soft gentle whispers—the sound of the wind rustling through the trees, only a word or two discernable as they passed.  The sounds had turned into sentences, full thoughts, growing in volume the longer he stayed near.  By the time John left the flat it was all he could do to hold it together. The last thing he needed Sherlock to know right now was that John could hear absolutely everything the damned genius was thinking—everything!  Every little minute thought, detail, analysis, and desire! Despite how useful that it all seemed in theory, the ever seeking, endless experimenting, dangerous if bored, mind and thoughts were like riding a missile. Not the sort of straight to the target missile, but like some crazy sort of cartoon bomb that spiraled dangerously out of control. Even thinking about it now caused John to shake his head as he tried to switch gears.
Mary shifted her feet, thrusting a hip out that she planted a fist onto, as she looked down at him patronizingly.  “Oh, John, please do.” She pleaded, “He’s been texting me all day.”
His voice sounded desperate in his ears as he vaulted up the stairs like a man in flight, snatching a vase from the half table at the top of the landing.
Sherlock watched John’s shoulders begin to slump as he rubbed at his eyes.  It was simple to observe the effects of the approaching dawn settling over his friend before he replied, quietly, "I can't very well do that from here, John.”
“Take that you, bastard,” he growled to himself, as he threw another S.O.S tea towel over the railing.
The expression melted in slow motion off of the face of the pale killer who stood across the small space from him. With the transition came the sinking chasm of fear that was opening up in the detective’s gut, threatening to swallow him up without any logical thoughts as to his own suddenly very real, mortal danger. A wet pink tongue exposed itself and moistened the pale lips of the man as they curled up into a grin and the ice-blue eyes darkened with a hunger Sherlock had observed as being something akin to lust in others.
John on the other hand, was starting to rouse. Lestat feared retaliation—rightfully deserved given the autrocities he had committed against the two men he now whisked to safety. The maker was quick to pacify his fledgling as best he could with a brief recap of the last tumultuous events, as John became aware of their current situation. To his surprise, the young vampire cursed him and then thanked him, making Lestat grin with pride.
There was only the odd site out there that claimed the order did exist. But, they were chalked up as fanatics for a very real reason – they had no proof. Whether they had actually communicated with the organization or not, the problem remained that they had no evidence to vindicate their claim. So, Sherlock could not possibly view them as credible.
Sherlock gave a nod and then quickly felt the fingers flick the button apart, a cold touch moving the collar back, as John inspected his neck and the bruise there.  John's thumb ran lighter than a feather over his adam’s apple, as the vampire asked, "Is that all that happened?"
"It was not so great a secret to unravel." Armand began "Though, if you are thinking that I followed you here you must remember that I... am not Lestat. Unlike your maker I had business in this city outside of pursuing you." The last word was followed by a soft exhalation as long lashes slid to half mask the dark brown eyes flecked with amber. The gaze was sensual as a wet pink tongue darted out to moisten the younger mans lips. "Though, I must admit I have always enjoyed pursuing you, Louis."
Both men hesitated then, their chests laboring, as they eyed one another across the short distance.  The forest was pitch black but with their immortal vision it mattered little.  John could see his opponent clearly.  Lestat’s mouth turned up into a smirk, as he struck a casual pose, like a well versed actor taking a short break on set. He mockingly applauded his fledgling, gratifyingly admitting, “You’re stronger than I had hoped. The blood suits you, John, but you must know you cannot possibly beat me.”
"Shit." The word slipped out as his peripherals started to frantically scan the entry for anything that could be used as a weapon against the intruder.
The fisheye of his vision was focused on John’s sightless eyes, welling with bloody tears, as the vampire’s teeth gnashed together. He strained to somehow manage the pain.  Moriarty was there, his head thrown back as he guffawed with laughter and applauded them both. Sherlock tried to tune it out, just like he tuned out the feeling of his own fingers circling John’s beating heart.
The blogger cursed to himself and shut the file on the laptop. He had not even gotten halfway through the document, and there was still more to add. That didn’t matter now. The blogger left his flat mate to sleep in the chair, mentally logging the time, before he slipped into the shower to get ready for his date.
Moriarty chuckled, turning back around to strike a feminine pose, knees together, hip out, with a hand brought gingerly to his mouth to cover the giggle. He waved a scolding hand at him, like a 1950’s all-american-girl turning down a suave gentleman’s flattery.  “Oh, Sherlock, we haven’t even disposed of John’s corpse yet.  Stop trying to ply me with your sweet words, you black widow.”  He opened his arms wide and laughed, “Besides, we are just gettin’ to the good stuff.  Let’s make a filthy mess of this fantastically holy place!”
It was late when Sherlock Holmes had finally returned to the flat, muddy, exhausted, and none the wiser.  It was after four a.m., and the tang of the smoke still on his lungs was a dissipating pleasure that left him hungering for more.  As he entered 221B and came up the stairs he knew instantly that his flat was entertaining a visitor.  A very quiet visitor.
John tossed the small silver key down to the man at his feet and turned away, his own frustration causing him to ball up his fists. Nails dug into his palms, as the immortal reminded himself that although he could easily kill the insolent man, he was trying to prevent that.  He tried to remember that Sherlock was still his friend, despite being a royal arse.
John was panting, every muscle straining as he held himself in check. Sherlock pulled back, sucking as his tongue danced a deliciously amazing pattern along his shaft and coiling around his head. All he wanted to do was thrust as hard as he could into that breathtakingly talented mouth. Then Sherlock began to move again. starbursts exploded behind his eyes and John’s hips began to move of their own accord, trying to go deeper and faster.
Lestat was out the door with the tinkling of the chimes hung above when the girl noticed her latte missing and David was left seething, as he blocked out the sound of the diligent boyfriend offering to replace her beverage.
John sent the detective. Sherlock’s mouth just gave him a smirk in response and John corrected the detective’s answer, explaining in a harsh whisper, “It’s hard to forget that you saw something most likely supernatural that you aren’t supposed to believe in.  Even harder so when you see it again, by some fluke, half way across the damn globe.”
“Ugh,” the inspector pulled the sleeve of his jacket and stripped shirt back to check his watch, “it’s half past five.”
There was nothing else that could be done.  Lestat knew he could be foolish at times, but he was not stupid. This creature was a force he had never encountered before.  It was something darker and older than his own kind and there were few he could think that might be able to name it. He was hesitant to even consider seeking out help, knowing too well that even if it were to come, it would be with a cost and the endless ‘I told you so’.
"Please don't refer to it as an experiment, Sherlock." John reprimanded, shaking his head, "I don't need to be reminded that I am nothing more than an experiment to you."
Of course Mycroft had known.  The bloody man knew everything, regardless of how Sherlock tried to evade his ever watchful eyes.  His relations with John were of no concern to his sibling.  Mycroft considered all relationships moot.  A begrudging reality of the world that they both lived in.  An unfortunate necessity.  Love was a distraction.  A chemical reaction that hindered one’s own ability to find reason and logic, which in turn dulled the mind and senses.
Sherlock entered to room, giving it a customary sweep with his calculating eyes before he dropped his bag on the floor and turned back to John.  "Where is your room?" he promptly asked, more than curious to hear the response.
“I apologize for my intrusion.” The man said, his voice silken and cultured, even in his American accent.
Blood was cooled in two merging puddles that covered a large section of the floor. There was no attempt to avoid trailing his footsteps through the macabre scene when he re-exited the penthouse and proceeded to rise directly up into the night before heading north. The papers, news and either men's blogs had been silent while he was gone. No new deaths, no new 'cases' implied and so it was time for Lestat to help things along a little.
As he examined the wound his mind could not help but long for the healing touch of his doctor.  In his mind’s-eye he could clearly remember the expert movements of John’s deftly agile fingers at work whenever he had needed them.  The thoughts brought more than he wanted to remember, the memories of John’s hot hands frenziedly running the length of his back, his bottom, and his thighs—electrifying his skin even now, as he stood starring at himself in the café’s bathroom mirror.  The heat of the hauntingly tempting recollections had risen up from his collar, his cheeks pink and hot.
Marisa still sat passively behind them, a spectator to all of this. She was as quiet and unmoving as Lestat, yet the detective knew that she was acting of her own free will. She was not bound by any puppeteers’ strings.
John was having none of it.  He had been infuriated to wake and find himself uncovered, a clear indicator as to just what had gone on while he had slept in the supposedly 'safe room'.  He grabbed the back of the detectives chair and spun the man to face him.  Sherlock was surprised by the sudden movement of his seat but not by the vampire’s irritation. In defiance the man crossed his arms and huffed, "Calm down, John."
“We weren’t afforded that luxury, John.” Sherlock reminded him. “Marisa had said the call could come at any time and so it has.”
In his haste to leave the celebrating crowd, John burst through the outer doors. Stumbling to the edge of the sidewalk, he narrowly avoided the small throng of smokers that loitered under umbrellas just outside the entrance. John stood at the edge of the group for a long moment, blinking down at the ground, trying to make the world stop it’s swaying before noticing that it had begun raining some time ago.
John rolled his eyes and took out his mobile, called a taxi. When the car arrived they climbed in beside one another.  Sherlock spouted off an address to the cabby that John didn’t recognized. It wasn’t a long trip but the fifteen minutes felt far too long, as the two men continued to attempt a telepathic conversation. It was neither simple nor easy. It was mentally exhausting. Yet they were able to make a connection and that alone was exciting. By the time the cabby had stopped they had discovered that the trick would work well for simple communications. More complex information got lost or garbled, like a game of ‘telephone’.
David wasn’t sure what had happened or how to explain any of it.  This was not unheard of, in his realm of education and experience with the Talmasca, but it certainly was not going to be easy.  They were most obviously dealing with a very powerful supernatural entity.
The creature gave an inquisitive tilt of its head, the mouth curling in an enthused smirk.  The hands quickly unzipped the jacket and the vampire leaned back into the chair, resting his arms on the rests of the chair—a movement that was far faster than any human could easily conduct.  Mycroft understood the underlying display.  “Now you have my attention, Mr. Holmes.” The pale man intoned, resting his chin in the fingers of his left hand.  “Pray, enlighten me.”
It had taken the consulting detective only an hour after the incident with John in the flat to realize that he was allowing his emotional responses, both physical and mental, to supersede his own control over his thoughts and actions.  In his mind, it was the epitome of failure on all fronts.  He had paced about the flat like a worrisome teenager from those boring predictable telly shows, angst and superstition creeping into his mental vault, slowly coiling around the library within his mind palace.  The surprisingly unhelpful bumbling attempt at learning more about his mysterious new neighbor had been a prime example of what Sherlock had worked his entire adult life to avoid.  Emotions were destructive, distracting, and in no way aided his quest for understanding the strange new behaviors of his former flatmate.  They only succeeded in giving him a thrumming headache.  The pounding between his temples the knocking reminder that he could not explain any of it.
When the breeze shifted he caught the sudden and undeniable smell of blood and bleach, causing his nose to crinkle as he took immediate notice of the caution taped section of roadway and sidewalk in front of 221. A van was parked near the tape with its back doors open wide, as a man in rubber boots swept a spray of pressurized water back and forth over a patch of ash-fault and concrete, pushing the water away into the nearest sewer grate.
"Sherlock!" His name being yelled shook the consulting detective out of his foray, as he looked up with a swallow at John who was standing in the flat, arms crossed over his chest, looking annoyed.
“Unwanted attention, are you daft?! I want attention!? I want the hell out of here!” John roared, yelling as loud as he possibly could to affront the man’s insensibly quiet tone.
“Mycroft and David Talbot think that it’s demonic power.” Sherlock answered. “We don’t really have any concrete proof, but I believe it’s our best theory.”
"Not quite, John." Sherlock’s words ended with his hand snapping a hard grip on the doctor’s wrist, suddenly tugging him off balance.  With a roll he pulled the two of them into a tumble.
“Well you are a B-list failed musician who likes to pass himself off as a vampire and has most certainly taken to killing.  I estimate that you have been an active serial killer for quite some time.” The information he had gathered had been annoying to sift through, mostly due to the lack of any real evidence.  He never guessed—never liked to resort to such drastic measures at any rate—but of this he was quite certain and all he had to do to make it concrete was to say it as though it were absolute.
John Watson sat at the bar, hunched over his drink while he tried to ignore the rather boisterous crowd that had begun wandering in little over an hour ago. Moodily he shifted his glass, tilting it first one way, then the other, to watch the rich amber pour over the ice. It wasn’t his usual type drink, but he figured that after what had happened last night he deserved something stronger than normal. Lifting the glass, he downed the rest of the contents, the burning liquid warming him as it went. He carefully waved the bartender down, making sure he didn’t accidentally knock anything over as he did so. “One more.”
His body too had undergone similar changes. It was hard now where it had never quite been before and his profile was shockingly erect and…for lack of a better word, perfect.
Abandoning the towel in the trash he turned the water back on and splashed his face.  It smelled funny.  The odor of organic decay coming from the pipes innards defeating the cool refreshing feel of the water against his hot skin.  He grabbed more paper towel and wiped the rough paper against his face, hoping for and failing to reveal a more alert visage in the mirror that he could say convincingly that he recognized.  Sadly, this tired man was the truth.
Blam-blam! The stillness of the flat was suddenly run through, as gracefully as an axe through a log.
Bewilderingly she sat upright in her own chair and flashed him a marvellously comical grin that stretched to her ears and lit the sapphire color of her eyes, as she announced, “I won’t be home tonight.  Janine and I have decided that it’s high time we go out again.  Apparently, she has a new café she’s been dyeing to take me to that makes a damn good double chocolate cake.”
Home. Home equalled Sherlock, and Sherlock equalled a confusing mess of emotions and the very reason for his present drunken state. Last night he, John Hamish Watson, had slept with one Sherlock Bloody Holmes. “Emotions do not know gender.’ Those simple words had bounced around his skull all night and it seemed that they wouldn’t be leaving him alone anytime soon.
"Molly did in actuality and then she contacted me." Sherlock very selflessly admitted.  He propelled forward, commandingly going into great length as to what the first body had displayed.  Drained just the same as the man they had examined prior the middle-aged woman's corpse showed even less explanation for it.  John could agree that it was indeed unusual.  In the man's case he could have been hung to drain, given the extensive trauma to the neck, but still it would have taken a modest amount of time and the body should have displayed signs of post or pre-mortem binding.  How else would you relieve one of their blood?  He knew that embalmer's removed the blood to prepare a body after death by suctioning, but as Sherlock reiterated to him, they replaced it with a disinfecting fluid.  No one wants to see their loved one as a shriveled body in a casket.
John gave a noncommittal shrug of his shoulders, as the detective noted that the vampire seemed unconcerned about grabbing a jacket.  He was busy deducing exactly how the temperature effected his kind, as they headed out the door, when John responded, "There ought to be something close by."
“She had used the cover of a superior officer’s name and rank to gain access to meeting with me.  Apparently I was refused originally by Marcus Vanton as well.” David explained, his own agitation apparent in the slight he felt.  Needless he repeated, “I have told you, the Talmasca knows of my transition and are wary of any interaction they themselves did not initiate.  They wish to watch and observe, not interfere, and they fear any information leaving the sanctity of their own grasp.”
“What…what was that, out front, there?  A Russian assassin?” John was repeating what he already knew, insinuating that he was having trouble finding its validity.
The handsome figure of the blond strode confidently towards his destination. A long fingered hand sunk into the pocket of the wool coat, as he pulled the soft leather gloves out and slipped them over his long pale fingers and glass-like fingernails. Even with the blood coursing through him, the unnatural sheen of his fingernails was another of the small details that shed light on the unnatural qualities that their kind took on, once turned. Fueled with the most ancient bloods of their kind had hastened this process in Lestat. At times he felt that this next level of separation from the world he once had lived in as a man, and even a young vampire, was why so many of their kind chose to end their unnatural existence.
“No.” Sherlock disagreed. “I believe that his interest was genuine. I think Lestat’s was, as well, to start out with. Lestat had been the one to lay out the baffling murders for us to follow. A means of getting us to perform for Louis and himself when they had first arrived in London. I think Moriarty seen the vampires as an opportunity to up the ante.”
The door unlocked and he turned with an eyebrow raised, as he was handed a white envelope with his name in beautiful crisp blank ink across the front. The older lady eyed him like a curious school girl waiting to hear the name signed on the bottom of a friends love letter.
“Tell me, are you enjoying London?” the darker skinned vampire began, knowing he was best to lead the conversation, as the two of them took their seats.
“This is above me, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s soft voice broke his meandering thoughts, bringing him back to the disastrous reality that he was facing.  John had indeed been taken, to where and for what purpose still unknown, by who still a mystery.  Mycroft could not help, had done all that he could do.  It was up to him.
To his immediate vision John did not see what or how he was knocked back down.  There was a slight blur again and he his backside hit the couch.  Louis did not even really appear to have moved, but he had to be responsible.  He loomed before John now, feet above him, standing like some ominous demon over a hapless child.
Eventually, though, those magical hands slowed and came to a stop. This filled John with a sense of disappointment. For a moment he just laid there, revelling in the glow of complete relaxation. He hadn’t felt this good in a long time, maybe even in years. The combination of painkillers and the massage had done amazing work. With a sigh, he prepared to open his eyes and thank his friend.
The other scoffed, "Wasn't Sherlock missing for like the past two years? He's always going missing."
Lestat was excited and bursting with intrigue as the sun finally disappeared and he returned to Baker Street.  What fun this trip had turned out to be.  It was even more fun to watch that silly detective try to weave his scientific fact around the supernatural events that Lestat had shown him.  It made him laugh just thinking about it, but seeing him in the parlor checking his neck, his head, his entire person over trying to find the wound, the bite, that had left him so weak and so confused, was priceless.
John glanced back, and there was no mistaking who the comment belonged to. The genius’ hand was up, and those long fingers were massaging the bridge of his nose.
Somewhere behind the pain at the back of his mind he wondered what time it was.  The ache in his skull prevented any notion of checking a clock.  He just opted for lying there, massaging his temples in slow rhythmic circles with the tips of fingers.  With moving completely out of the question his thoughts moved past the pain, onto the strange dream that he woke from and the resulting erection that lingered.  He could feel the heat and throb of his lust and longing still hard in his pants and his thoughts repeated the dream in his mind, remembering the sensation of Sherlock’s mouth over his own, claiming and loving in the same kisses.
The doctor’s office was quiet.  There was only the hum of the non-stop traffic of London droning outside the window, the sound of the heater, and the tapping of his pencil that he was pensively flicking on the desk top beside his phone and laptop.  Sherlock it would seem was a persistent thought that was better dealt with than left to brood, festering at the back of his brain like an infection eating away at his sanity.  Why was it that he could still smell the pool, the tang of his own sweat on his skin, the barely there waft of cigarette smoke that clung to those dark curls and that black suit jacket?  Why was it that he could still feel the reef of the other’s hands tearing the jacket and bomb-vest from his body, the sound of his rasping breath—escalated all of a sudden…why?
John swallowed hard past the lump that seemed to have formed in his throat and squared his shoulders in preparation for what was to come. He toed off his wet shoes before he walked forward slowly, making sure that he didn’t stumble over anything else as he approached the younger man. He had made up his mind and wasn’t going to back down now, even if the thought of turning around and marching to his room seemed like the more intelligent idea right at this moment.
Bloody hell, John really didn’t want to be thinking right now. He just wanted the genius to continue what he had been doing. He wanted to feel the man’s mouth and hands on his skin, the slick glide of their bodies from sweat and oil as they moved together. If he closed his eyes and didn’t think he could imagine it was almost anyone causing unbelievable spikes of pleasure to rock through his body, not his best friend.
He finished and toweled off, coming out to notice that there was another fresh set of clothes laid out for him on the divan, just as there had been every other day.  They looked just as expensive, but they always fit well and were comfortable.  He dressed and went into the kitchen to find some food, passing a mirror hung by the entranceway.  He looked only slightly better.  Skin pink, hair brighter, eyes puffy, and nose red.
John eyed the other, visibly skeptical of that statement.  It was hard to believe that anything could be more unbelievable than what he had been through these past several weeks.  “Oooookay….?” It came out long and understandably cautious.
John's brain registered this new information and turned his head back to the woman, who was pointing in the opposite direction down the sidewalk, from where Sherlock was fast jogging towards a waiting taxi. The doctor saw the figure of a tall dark-haired man walking towards the flat in a mid-length coat, very close to the same style as his newly reanimated friend’s. The man gave a polite wave.  He was ghastly pale but yet incredibly handsome and appeared to have been on his way in when he heard the commotion of Sherlock and John's exit, as well as the announcement by the land-lady.
“I would never, Mary.” He implored, reaching out and taking her by the shoulders roughly. He had to make her understand at all costs. “I chose you. I gave myself to you! I would never take that back! Not for him! Not for anything!”
“Whoa, I never-” John began. Sherlock cut him off as he pulled back, releasing his restraining grip on the doctor’s hands. He straightened atop John, legs tightening around the man’s hips.
John glanced between his ex-flatmate and the vampire Lestat then shook his head stepping partially between the distance that separated the two as he interjected. “Whoa-whoa, I don’t think that’s such a great idea…”
The mortals that they mingled amongst, that they had once been a very real part of before accepting the dark gift and been demonized, was something to be obliged.  If it was not for the blood they took from their mortal victim’s a vampire could not thrive.  It was not as simple as a feline playing with its meal before consumption.  The mouse was always a mouse and the cat will always be a cat.  The cat was never a mouse.
"The attack on your home was a separate incident. Not to say that those individuals do not still pose a threat to you but they are not a concern presently. The most pressing matter at hand is getting you and Sherlock out of London." Louis had made his way back down the hallway from the bedroom and stopped at the top of the landing that best overlooked the large open concept living and dinning spaces.
“Well, I don’t have much of a choice now do I?” John replied, frustration evident. He wasn’t doing this for Mycroft. Both of them knew it, despite his jumbled feelings regarding Sherlock, he truly did not want harm come to the man. Especially from the manipulative blond bastard.
“Normal is boring, John,” the consulting detective quipped, marching through the kitchen to the bathroom.  “It’s a waste of time.”  Then he escaped into the room, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock only grunted a response, shaking his hands back through his soaking wet mop of dark curls, pulling them back from his eyes, as Mrs. Hudson squeaked her delight at seeing him alive—even if he did not look well.  As he had demanded she had a cup of tea for him and he took it brusquely from her, before taking up a seat in his leather chair.  He crossed his legs and took a sip of the tea, savoring it, before he derisively snapped, “Spare me your unintelligent questions.  I have not the time to waste on stupid answers.  Yes, I have been away. Yes, I have returned. No I do not know where John is and, yes, I am still looking for him.”
“Lestat is known for his eccentricities.” Sherlock agreed. “Enough so that his aberrant behavior would still appear plausible.”
Was it his imagination or had Sherlock’s voice lowered? Not that it mattered, because he was not going to have his friend undress him like an invalid. Shifting, John tried to move away, only to freeze at the accidental brush of the other man’s knuckles against his sides. He sucked in a sharp breath as he felt the heat of those hands just barely grazing along his skin.
Sherlock growled low in the back of his throat before leaning down to capture the doctor’s lips in a crushing demand. As he controlled the kiss he pulled the trapped hands up above his head in a parody of John’s own earlier actions before transferring both wrists to one grip. His now free hand scored a blazing trail across the sensitive underside of his arm as it travelled down.
The detective could hear his own heartbeat pounding in his ear drums, but also another beating out of sync, both were loud and resonate, drowning out all else.  His dark head lolled forward, as his struggling waned and he gave in to the gnawing mouth that pulled on his blood.  He could feel his fingers and toes growing cold, all of the heat seeming to collect about his chest, like it was gathering for one final stand off against the invading scourge.
The man stopped and turned slightly back, his eyes lighting on the half hidden game board shoved off to the side of a bookshelf by the window.  “I would love that very much…but I think it would be most unwise.” He admitted in that low, slow, satiny voice.  “It is very late.  Good evening, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock felt the prickle of Moriarty’s control crackle along the base of his skull down through his nervous system to his right hand. Although he put forth every effort to stop it, his fingers slowly closed into a ball. He could feel his bicep burning, the tendons in his arm flexing to recoil his arm. His arm punched forward, his fist pounding through the weakened vampirical flesh of John’s chest. The hand had slid cleanly through into the gaping wound, as the vampire silently screamed in agony.
“And you met this girl…” John dropped the last end of the question, hoping the detective would get his drift. Sherlock never really had explained what he had been doing during the time that John had been with Louis in Canada.
“No.  Please,” John found himself croak, he tried to reach for the creature, but his body was slow to respond to his command, his hand lifting only weakly.  “I want more.”
“It’s different with you. You, I have a hard time tuning out. I can always pick you up—not that it always makes sense, mind you.” John struggled to explain with a complexity that he knew Sherlock wanted. “There are lots of people who I can’t read at all, others where I hear everything. If I’m in a crowd of people and all I get is static and noise. Gives me a bloody headache.” John was pouring out the information, accepting there was no point in not telling him now.  The detective need to know his limits and restrictions if they were to utilize John’s new powers.
John felt like a dart had pierced the back of his skull. The needle like point jamming between the atlas and axis of the skull and spine, instantaneously blackening his vision. The pain associated with such an affliction would be acute, yet his own pain now was a moment of piercing electric shock that subsided like the ebb and flow of the tide into something dull and aching.  Soon it was but a weight, a pressure that lingered on the vertebrae there, constant but no longer harmful. He raised his hand to the back of his neck, assessing, and finally relenting to massage the point. His muscles were taught, tensed from the experience, but otherwise there was no physical marking that he could feel that would denote a trauma to the area.
A dark navy t-shirt hugged the well-defined slender torso, swirling metallic designs in gold and white were sharply accented by the painfully expensive watch and gold rings that adorned the young man’s slender wrist and hands. One of those rings would have easily paid for the plane that was pulling up in the darkness outside the terminal window. Designer blue-jeans, purposefully made to look worn, white leather shoes that were spotless and free from the wear of one who spent much time actually walking in them.
by Marcus Rainsford—and he finished, adding, “in the way you so elegantly stepped over that little piece of our reunion.  You have proven your wealth of knowledge regarding my intolerance for such trivialities as no other before you.”
Sherlock’s brows drew together as he let out the smoke from his lungs.  He loathed admitting openly that he had not, even if the circumstances that caused this were out of his realm of control, and so he irritably remarked, “You should know as well as I do, Inspector, that your bumbling idiots at Scotland Yard made sure that was an impossibility.”  Lestrade’s shoulders sank with physical disappointment and he clucked his tongue against his cheek in a derisive manner that substituted a curse.  Never one to allow another’s action to prevent honesty the detective added, “If there had been any evidence, their rummaging destroyed it, however, one thing was certainly clear.  The crime was not committed in that alley.”
The detective knew that the chemical process of changing one's hair color was not all that time consuming and was easily accessible to even the most novice of users but it also came with certain other characteristics that the girl before him lacked.  Marisa smelled as she always had on the island, the simple fragrance of the wind-swept cliffs and sea spray, with the underlying smell of femininity—which after all, was a rather plain smell that he supposed was uncharacteristic of an individual at all.  He wondered then if the body odor she always exuded—so unchanging—was a mask, like the change in her hair color had been the other night.  There was no smell of chemical processing and he knew that to shift one's locks from dark to light was tedious and often destructive to the hair follicle itself.  This was something
The vampire struggled to keep his head upright. It lulled forward in his weakened state, like he were nodding off. John tried to look at him, to keep eye contact. Those dark stormy eyes were deep and intent now that the brunet had forgotten about mocking their tormentor. Those eyes said a thousand unsaid words, unfished thoughts, restricted longings and yearnings. It made his own heart spasm, as his gut filled with ice.
“John Watson?” the man questioned, pretending to be unawares.  When enlightenment hit, the man waved a hand at the detective and arrogantly replied, “Oh, you mean that puppy that follows you around everywhere you go?” Laughter interrupted him before he could finish, “You mean, you’ve lost him?”
“I can’t believe this.” The doctor giggled, with a bouncing shrug of his shoulders, “I’ve been trapped in here for days and this is what you have to say?  That Sherlock has dug up a vampire who thinks he’s bloody fascinatin?”
The man spoke as if it were the immortal that needed protection.  John seen things entirely different.  “You cannot expect us both to sleep in that bed.” He warned, his voice icy.
"In chess you never keep two pieces on the same square. You will see him tomorrow night, the plan is to take both of you out of London for a time, until things settle." There was an uncomfortable open ended tone to the words, as Louis shoulders relaxed a little and his eyes glanced about the penthouse.
"I appreciate your concern." Came the soft reply as lips parted and Armand closed his eyes, inhaling a long breath.
Sherlock twisted under him, trying to drag his arms down as he groaned, but John tightened his grip, putting more pressure on the captured hands. Tilting his head, he began kissing at the long curve of genius’s neck, following the rhythm of their thrusts. He bit gently and soothed the lightly reddened skin with his tongue.
Suddenly the handle flew out of his hand, twisting his wrist as it was knocked violently away. A terrifying snarl reverberated in his ear drums that sent his nerves alight flight adrenaline. Sherlock staggered back, unbalanced by the blow.  The mask fell over his eyes and he fell hard on his arse. He scrambled away from the bed anticipating an attack that did not come. After the shock was digested and the mask tossed off his face, he could see that John was as peaceful looking as before though his position had changed. The blanket had been tossed mostly onto the floor at one side of the bed, the broom was laying against a wall where it had knocked down a painting.
Unbidden, his fingers came out to ghost a trail along the exposed underside of the detective’s arm. It was soft and smooth, the hard muscle shifting beneath his fingertips and the man shifted, sprawling closer to the immortal. John couldn’t help the smile that drifted across his face at that. “I know you’re awake, Sherlock.” He chided the man softly, not wanting to break the calm atmosphere.
Swallowing hard, John nodded, though mostly for himself. He knew the basics; he was a doctor after all, but in this moment, he was torn between lathering himself up and running away. If they did this, there was no going back to how things were before. Though, after everything else they had been doing there was no going back either.
Pale lips parted and drew in a slow breath. The air was moist, tasting of salt from the ocean he over looked. Refracted sapphire eyes closed as his hands gripped the cool railing beneath them. The sounds of the promenade faded at his will, until the man stood in the blissful silence of his own mind. It was just after midnight and he felt alive. Letting the thrum of his own heart beat its immortal rhythm calmly with his exhalation.
“Just as charming as ever, huh?” She countered, pulling the plug in the sink.  She proceeded to snatch up a towel to dry her hands before finally turning to face the lanky man.  When their eyes met the girl winced and complained, “Ugh, you look like you needed that more than I did. Damn you’re skinny. Let’s order you a pizza or something.”
“Came as soon as I could, Mrs. Hudson.” He said.  It was an automated response that years of Scotland Yard had trained him to regurgitate at the sight of tears and the sound of sniffling.
John crumpled back to the ground as he squinted at the approaching feet. There were lots, more than five, or maybe that was two? He didn’t think counting was supposed to be this confusing. “Sherlock?”
John would have never known that the underground car park was there if the detective had not shown him.  The simplistic appearing house hid a wealth of integrated features that spoke to the cunning and foresight of the ancient being who had designed it.  Armand was no fool and was well schooled in the ways of not drawing attention to himself, as Louis had tried to pass on to the newest vampire among them.
It had been their equally keen minds that had drawn the two together back then and the dark-haired man with the watery-grey eyes, for all of his aloofness was painfully curious to know what secrets the older 'Classified Adviser' had. The first time they had found each other naked on the floor, sweaty and panting, had seemed to surprise both of them. They had been going over details for a case that David had been asked to liaison for.  He was artfully dodging pointed question after question, when Mycroft had suddenly grabbed him by the collar and kissed him. In all honestly, the thought had occurred to him a few times that shoving his tongue in the mans mouth would be the most intriguing way to shut his snide assumptions up and so, when the other had initiated, he retaliated in a heart-beat.
When the cup was lowered with the soft tinkle on the saucer and his expression remained unchanged, the mirth in her eyes faded to annoyance. With a puff of exasperation, she rolled her eyes and made a flippant gesture with her hand in his direction.  “Whatever. You don’t have anyone fooled, least of all me.”
John seemed to be prone to nightmares, reliving the things he could leave behind during the daytime when he was most vulnerable.  The ghoulish grim memories of war and bloodshed replaced by the equally terrible remembrance of Sherlock’s caresses, of times when they had shared and enjoyed one another.  It was blasted annoying.  Just about as much as the sudden headache that had claimed his person.  Even more alarming than the kissing and touching within the dream was the idea that he would so freely forgive the man for leaving, for committing suicide on purpose in front of him.  He did not feel that he could ever do that.  That he could let Sherlock back in.
The moment passed and the vampire left the small cottage walking out into the night, leaving the consulting detective behind to recover.
John did not feel sympathy for whatever this thing was—a vampire—and callously he snorted, “Pfft!” and sneered, “well you certainly aren’t going to get anything like that from me.  As far as I am concerned, you might as well just go and fuck yourself.”  It was blithe, without feeling, and had come out of the doctor with little remorse.  He was past playing mind games—any games—with this thing that held him prisoner.
“None of us really know everything.” Lestat said with a smirk and quirked eyebrow.  “Not the kind of ‘everything’ that your mind seeks at any rate.  That would require scientific testing and you would be hard pressed to find any of our kind that would be willing to allow a subject to be tested, let alone volunteer.  Once you are a vampire it matters little how or why everything is the way that it is, only that you are and now always will be.”
Blam-blam! The Glock kicked in his hand, and John relished the feel of it. The two went through firing the guns into the water several more times, bantering and tittering like two kids who had constructed firecrackers out of a chemistry set.
The man was prone, belly on the floor, his head turned at an awkward angle.  The inspector considered that he must have rolled him over as he opened the door.  He bent down and grabbed the other man’s far shoulder, to pull him onto his back.  The body flopped rather lifelessly and Greg was concerned to note that his skin had a rather ashen hue—paler than usual.  He grabbed the man’s face between his hands and slapped one cheek and then the other, yelling, “Wakey, wakey, Sherlock!  Up and at ‘em, yeah!”
The cab pulled over and they got in.  Sherlock was met with silence until they reached Angelo's and he cursed every minute of it.  John, as it seemed, was no longer talking.
Sherlock produced a cigarette, like a magician pulling a scarf from some unknown hiding place.  He lit it quickly and took a quick drag.  "Let's grab a cab.” He reaffirmed, after a long puff, “I could stand to speak with Angelo and a few others from my homeless network—," Sherlock was suggesting when he was abruptly cut off.
Awfully pretentious of the thing to assume that he would just lie back and wait for his return.  For all Sherlock knew he could be half way around the world from London, making his main priority for the moment to ascertain just where the cottage was.  It was small, probably a one or two room construction, from what he could see and smell of the interior.  Despite being in a fairly comfortable bed and hooked up to an IV, no doubt with the morphine the other had promised, he was no where near a medical facility, if he had ever entered one at all.
John attempted to pull back, finding that Sherlock resisted letting him go, as his mobile vibrated in the pocket of his trousers, down around his knees.  “Sherlock…I…” he attempted to protest, barely able to string more than two words together.  The detective picked up the pace and John could hold back no longer.  His form crumpled forward as the throes of his orgasm…
Levering himself up, John gripped the edge of the bar while he waited for the tilting floor to right itself. With one last longing glance at the still full glass, he turned and began to shuffle his way through the throng of happy, drunk patrons. The rambunctious laughter and cheers as he stumbled from one cluster to the next soured John’s mood further. What was so bloody fantastic that they had to come out here and ruin his little pity party, he thought grumpily. By the time he apologized his way to the front entrance he wanted to shoot something; or someone.
"It's hard to take.  I feel like my mind is going to crack open it's filled up so damn fast." John said.  "Something like a migraine might feel like."
There was a loud clatter from overhead, the sound of something metal like tools falling to the floor, which jarred John’s military reflexes, making him jump.  His gaze was suddenly on the roof, his mind wondering,
After the taxi driver was paid, from an impressive wad of cash John had produced from his pocket—something else that Sherlock set aside for investigation at a later time—Sherlock stood on the stonework pathway for a minute, assessing the house before them.
“Sure…” slurred the quiet voice, now impatient and slicked with a thin annoyance, as his eyes closed, and his massaging fingertips moved to his right temple, “Yes. Your blog. That will do.”
“No, you’re not ripping up some poor sod like that, Sherlock.” John snapped, as he slapped the tap off and rushed to the bathroom, reprimanding, “Not while I’m around.”
The words were tired and Sherlock watched the little energy that had perked the girl up, drain back away as her shoulder sagged. The weight of the more serious matters at hand again bearing down on her as she reached into her back pocket and withdrew the mobile. The screen illuminated the time as a tired yawn escaped her pretty lips, she rose from her seat with a languid stretch. A little shake to her whole body at full extension and again as she relaxed.
The doctor did not need to knock, the door was open, and he came into the building, taking a moment to shake as much of the wet rain from his person as was possible, wishing he’d had the forethought to bring an umbrella to the clinic that morning.  Mrs. Hudson’s door was closed, the sound of her telly just barely audible from within her apartment.  The door he had just come through re-opened and a tall dark haired man came inside.
John was incapacitated by the pain that wracked his body. He tried to think, tried to understand what was happening to him, and all he could come up with was ‘not real’. This thought did little to help him or even to ease the pain. It was like being tortured. He wondered how long he could withstand it. A mortal body would have probably given out and lapsed into unconsciousness. John was not sure that an immortal could with stand anything more. He tried to guess how long he had and as he did, he thought about the detective.
Louis' steps had halted halfway down the block from the ally. Intense eyes met his own, this time with a noticeable look of mild concern, “Lestat?”
For a long while they remained that way until, Armand’s hands came up to trail lazy and soothing patterns across Louis broad shoulders. Finally, one of them moved. It was Louis. His head rose to look at the blissful form of Armand beneath him, eyes closed, breaths deep, with a satisfied smile upon his lips.
It was easy to ascertain that the comment had not the intended effect on his partner. The drawn look tightened and it was easy to see the tension building on the doctors face by the line of his mouth, the clenching of his jaw, the flaring of his nostrils. He was holding back. Then he broke, the thin line of his mouth pursed and his brows knit over his marbled blue orbs, too dark and deep, mottled with that odd touch of brown around the pupil. His chin jutted forward, commanding, dominating, as he rebuked in a firm and steady voice, "Things aren't like they were before, Sherlock. Don't expect that to change."
Sherlock requested to watch, was denied, pouted, and then reluctantly went about his call. John disappeared down a dark passage. He was back at the consulting detective’s side less than twenty minutes later and was given Mycroft’s update. There was a rogue group within this Talmasca group that may have been responsible for Mary’s demise. Not much to go on when they couldn’t even find the original group.
“Ah, yes, isn’t it inauspicious to not be able to read the thoughts and mind of one’s maker?” the other vampire’s voice was serrated.  Louis knew that the edge was not meant to cut him, although he understood to pain the other was feeling well.  “You are insufferable, Louis,” the voice on the other end added, it was only slightly gentler than the last comment, “and I am a fool because of it.  Of course.  When and where?”
Sherlock slowly raised his head, his eyes liquid, melted by the guilt and grief he exuded for this grave mistake. “But, can’t you see? All that has passed now, and I can’t change it. You can’t change it, either,” he pleaded. “I can’t lose you. You have changed, but so can I.” Something began to burn behind his eyes, brightening the once dull orbs. “We could be together-”
This brusque introduction from Sherlock was followed by a displeased rumble of his stomach. He glowered at his own digestive system before looking back at the girl who still had her back to him.
John stood abruptly, his balance slightly off on his heels as he turned away. “I’m going now,” he muttered softly, not bothering to glance back.
As the vehicle swerved and sped through the blackness of the London streets the detective found no solace in his meditation.  He was plagued by the thought of his own failure.  There was something that he had missed.  Something critical that he had failed to piece together.
Lestat’s arm wrapped perfectly around Louis' back as he pulled their bodies close together in a smooth motion, pressing his lips to the other vampires’ in a kiss that was neither demanding or fleeting. It started as an abrupt apology, softening quickly to a confession, as their lips mingled together for that long moment. Louis’ body was tense in his grip. Lestat wanted to disarm him and draw him in. The tang of his own blood rose in his mouth, deepening the kiss as he parted his lips in an intimate submission, offering his lover the very thing which forever bound them. He would give Louis the world.  It was a far better distraction then pondering heaven and hell, dancing with Devils and witches, or toying with the Talamasca. It didn't matter really, not right now.
They had been waiting here already for forty minutes without a sign from Marisa.  Every minute longer was making the vampire more anxious.  Sherlock was beginning to ascertain that perhaps it would be in their best interest if John relieved himself of this tension further. It would not do either of them any good if John was this distracted.
This wasn’t John’s gun, but still, the Glock 17 was comfortable in his grip. The part of his brain that fought to join this foray wanted desperately to know where the mad genius had come up with the pistol but the other half, which wanted very much to feel the Glock’s kick against his palm, dismissed this as being trivial. Sherlock moved aside and offered John his spot. The soldier felt the twisting of a smile pulling at the corner of his mouth, as he raised the muzzle of the pistol to the shaft and felt his finger steady on the trigger.
"The outer hebrides, far away from people and civilization." he was unraveling the mystery a little more now.  "There is a light house that would at one time have been manned but is no longer in need of it.  Then we are far from the mainland, in one word, isolated."
“Yes,” she replied with a nod, “I haven’t heard a lick from him either, but he did forward enough rent to cover the rest of the year, saying he would return when he was finished whatever business it was that had called him away.  He was an odd fellow.  Pale as a ghost but awfully charming to talk to.”
The inspector flipped the heavy cardstock over in his hand, noting the laminated picture, the stubbed corner, and the ink stamp over the postage stamp.  To anyone else this note might seem legit—Lord only knew that they both had experienced Sherlock at his worst and wished to be somewhere else—yet both he and the elderly land lady, who knew the doctor fairly well, felt that it was out of character.  They did not know Mary as well, perhaps Lestrade had known her the best out of John and Sherlock’s former circle of close friends, and even he had only met the pretty blond with the bubbly yet strikingly confident personality a hand-full of times.
Like it was meant to be a car that approached from behind slowed its pace, coming to a stop just in front of him with its light on.  A cabbie.  He gratefully opened the door and climbed into the back seat.  He gave the haggard hazel eyes in the rear-view mirror the address and settled back into the seat, exhausted, yet content.  Soon.  Soon he would be home and he could pretend none of this had happened.  Then he could ignore Sherlock altogether. At least, for a while.
What John wanted was still on the fence. One minute, he wanted to be as far away from the other man as possible, the arctic circle for all he cared, just anywhere that the man wouldn’t find him. The next, he was longing for the Baker Street flat. To be sitting in his chair, reading the paper as Sherlock paced a hole in the living room, playing his violin in deep concentration. No words would be required, and when he would glance up to find the brunet’s unwavering gaze on him, his stomach would feel with teenage butterflies.
His thumb swiped across the screen and he opened the phone to inspect the thumbnail in full view.  When the picture was enlarged, it was obvious that it was not a message from John, yet he was propelled into motion all the same.  He frantically dashed to the bedroom, shedding the blue house coat and struggling into clothes.  The shirt and pants were rumpled but he had them on and was out the door to the flat in record time.  The phone pinged again, as he flagged down the closest taxi he could find and bellowed at the driver to take him to the address provided by the texter.
“I apologize if I startled you,” He took a playful step back from the door and gave a quick bow, lying smoothly, “My name is Daniel.  I'm a friend of Louis, whom I understand has rented the lower flat.  He told me that he had the most delightful land lady and I cannot help but assume that it was you he was referring to. I had just come by to see how he was settling in and—,”
“The ‘it’ was of no consequence,” Sherlock dismissed the slip, with a flippant wave of his hand.  “Whomever it is, is very clever, or sees themselves as being so, yet tonight I think was a bit of a slip-up, a break in his effectively planned plot.”
“L—Lestat?” Louis had his hands up in a defensive gesture, he was standing stark still and the look on his face was genuinely fearful as smell of smoke registered to the blond.
John returned after only a few moments had passed, his eyes flashing up from the carpet to meet Sherlock’s with a look of resolve, unsuccessfully masking the discomfort he was feeling. The consulting detective genuinely did not feel any remorse for his clinical recounting of the facts and his findings. In fact, his mentality was the sooner John finished his mourning of the belated woman, the better. She had lied to John, the reasons not yet determined but it was unlikely for noble purposes that she had assumed a new identity. This was something that frustrated Sherlock, that he hadn’t caught on sooner to the façade of the woman and it only contributed to his impatience in making allowances for John’s emotional reaction.
They took a seat at a small table beside the window in the back corner, as one of the barista’s struggled to make Sherlock’s order.  John’s drink had been poured and served while Sherlock lectured the cashier about the accuracy of his latte order and the detective watched John’s hands now on the paper cup. His fingers seemed to stroke up and down the outside and he noted that John had removed the protective collar. It sat folded beside the cup on the table.
They said little else of consequence on the rest of the ride to London and when Sherlock finally arrived back at Baker Street he was thoroughly exhausted.  Marisa had been right.  It would take a while for him to build up his stamina to where it had been before.
“Sloppy.” He murmured to himself, as he gently handled the vase and flowers, ascertaining its weight.  When he was through he placed it back down on the table askew, so the water stain was clearly visible, before continuing.
"Needless to say, Louis, I'm honestly more hurt that you didn't come to me first. It baffles me beyond reason why you would even consider crossing an ocean by plane when you know full well I could get you there faster." It was a blatant attempt by his maker to point out and relish in his own strengths and vampirical prowess, an annoyingly common attribute of the blond that Louis had yet to find in any way endearing. Of course Lestat was right, as always. The powers of which he boasted far surpassed any human comprehension. Yet flying with Lestat, not in a private jet but with he himself, was less than desirable. Even though London would be beneath his feet far sooner and with less hassle--it would be another win for his maker.
Marisa had come in after him, locking the door behind her with the large key. She walked past the man and the vampire, the hem of her black skirt swishing softly about her thin legs. In her other hand the detective could see that she had the amulet from Ludvik. She passed through the golden gate of the enclosure, making her way to the small but grandly bejeweled alter. There was a single row of pews on either side of the burgundy rug, past the ornate gate. The ceiling above her was made of gold and glass, positioned purposely with the sun and moon on either side of the alter. It was here, at its center, that she knelt.  Bringing her hand to her forehead the woman performed the three-finger blessing, her words inaudible, if she had spoken any aloud.
Sherlock continued his slow motions and John became more accustomed to it. He couldn’t say that he particularly enjoyed this, but it wasn’t so bad now. Then the man hit his prostate. Trembling waves of pleasure washed over John in that one simple motion and he cried out, pushing back into the man.
“Right.  She gave me a call after she received a note from you,” he paused, and corrected, “at least what I believe was a note from you…?”
When he was finished his body ached much less and he felt his head was clearer.  He left the bedding where it was, it needed a good cleaning.  He found the clothes that he had discarded by the door neatly folded on the chair and he dressed quickly, looking out the windows as he did to see if he could glimpse his young keeper.  He had socks, pants, and trousers, but his shirt was absent.  When he left the bedroom he found his coat hanging by the front door and slipped into it.  It was warm and familiar, but smelled like the sea instead of the London smog.
Sherlock’s tongue licked his lips absently. “My guess would be that Moriarty, the consulting criminal was contacted by a demonic force. Demons seek destruction and chaos, they feed off of it, and as Moriarty was capable he was an easy means to something’s next few meals. It may have started out with possession or perhaps an exchange, power for chaos, but Moriarty is too smart to be controlled. I think he usurped the demon, put the game into motion, killed himself, so he could resurrect as the demon we now know. I think what started out as a means to end an eternal loathing of boredom, has turned into a supernatural game of power and control, fueled by the unnatural cravings of the demonic force he took over.”
The quirk at the corner of his maker's lips reminded him cruelly that he had failed.  Louis sighed and turned a wan smile which seemed to make the pleasantly enticed curve of the other's mouth grow wider. "I do believe it would be a waste of breath to spare you the words to explain." He admitted verbosely. "You already know."
People passed him without notice on the sidewalk. The trip-trapping of their shoes and boots was constant, their thoughts unwavering and galling.  John tried to close them out.  He tried to shut the mental trap door in his mind that allowed them in.  Once he was centred he could hunt.  Once he had fed he could return to Sherlock.  Then he could sort out this whole problem.  One thing at a time.
“It says, ‘Out on a case with Sherlock, if you were worried.  Not sure when we will be back.’” She read aloud.  He could hear the paper in her hands.  “And then he signed it, just ‘John’.  I don’t know what to make of it.  I thought that the post card was strange but this is…well, just odd, is what it is.
"So," hummed John's voice, breaking Sherlock's focus just as he had zeroed in on the more erotic end of the spectrum his mind had produced to explore, and the detective turned to see that the doctor was comfortably seated back in his chair, sipping from the china cup.  After a swallow of the tea, which the other man could tell by the twitch at the corner of John's mouth was steeped to his liking, the doctor added, "you don't really have a case, do you?"
Still, this battle she would indeed have to concede defeat.  Sherlock's piercing summons had broken through.
"Yes well I shouldn't have stopped quite so suddenly. Good night." He resumed his previous pace despite his instincts glaring alarm to not turn his back on the blond stranger.
The vampire reached out a hand and gently took the girls wrist.  She did not resist, allowing him to gently pull her towards him until she was sat in his lap like a child and he wrapped his arms about her warmly.  Marisa did not seem to warm to his touch in the least. She was rigid with mistrust.  “How are your filthy puffins?” he asked her.
"Not a good idea, I'm afraid." John cut in, informing his friend, "I've been advised that it would be best not to interact with people I knew...well, before.  We can go somewhere here."
Sherlock watched the vampire, still as modest as ever, trying to gently coax the brunette from her daze without verbally calling her out on it.  Her small grey eyes blinked blankly a few times. Then they went white with knowing and her face shot beet red from her round chin to the tips of her ears. She stammered apologizes in clear english.  “I—ugh, I am so sorry…what would you like to order?”
Sherlock was having trouble concentrating, his attention span had tightened, his muscles were slow and weak, sore and aching; the fatigue was getting the better of him. It was overpowering his distraction techniques, messing up his back up plans. The man needed to sleep.
Sherlock quickly adjusted the screen to capture a better angle of the sleeping figure and then maneuvered himself within a three-foot distance from the bed to observe John more closely. He began vocally noting his observations much like a medical examiner during an autopsy. The dark humor was not lost on the consulting detective and he couldn’t help but smirk a little, knowing that John wouldn’t appreciate the jest just now, but perhaps in the future. The brunet ensured he maintained an additional physical distance of a couple of feet from John until he had a chance to test the threat reaction with another living creature.
Once the initial observation was concluded, Sherlock set about working on a few of the experiments that he believed John would accept. The proximity with objects was retested with the same results, though as requested he didn’t throw anything this time, nor did he use what was left of the broom. A variety of noise stimuli was administered with no waking. The glass of water was tossed on the sleeping vampire and Sherlock curiously noted the small jerk of movement just before the pool struck John in the chest. No other movement followed. Next came attempts to vary the speed of objects extending towards the sleeping body with the goal to pierce or score the flesh. Fast had the quickest reaction of defense but slower objects did not fare much better. The closest the consulting detective was able to get to the man was only a few inches more than his initial observations the previous evening.
The blond head bowed forward, as a mirth-filled chuckle issued from between the softly pink lips of the alabaster creature.  Those piercing blue eyes squinted playfully, the bridge of the straight nose crinkling, as the vampire replied, “Is it that obvious that I did not come here to keep you company?”
With the other’s legs spread the vampire moved his mouth instead, nuzzling the thigh to the left with his chin and nose.  The flesh of the mortal body was so heated and supple, it was a pleasure just to hold it and lay kisses upon it.  David parted his lips and gently he bit into the soft skin, feeling the muscle tighten with the man’s slight discomfort.  The warm gush of blood that flooded his mouth was nearly overwhelming yet the flood of memories was just as erotic.
“Look, I have to go. I’m going to work on the meeting and you can expect to hear from me as soon as I have confirmation. That being said, it could be later tonight or it could be in a few days just be ready to travel because it likely won’t be just a leisurely stroll.” Tucking her mobile back into place she turned and made her way out of the kitchen as Sherlock rose to follow her.
John was indeed so blinded by his own tumultuous emotions over the past years that he did not even truly see why he had been so attracted to the new blond in the office.  Of course the consulting detective had known after that first fateful meeting in the restaurant, could see the lies, the mystery, the vague past, the danger that those eyes, those light wrinkles around mouth and eyes, that slight arch to the left eyebrow had exuded.  It was all there, John’s unconscious attractors that solidified so easily the woman’s position in his life.  John had simply filled the hole that Sherlock himself had created when he had so painfully extracted himself from the doctor’s life.
It was the last thing that Sherlock wanted to admit was his friend's reasoning, but bit by bit he was realizing there was little other recourse.  John thought of this association as temporary.  A means to finding out what he wished to know so that he could then move forward in this new life, find a footing, and a means to existing as he was.  John always had needed closure.  Mary's death was no different. Simply knowing that she was dead was not enough.  He needed to know why.
Sherlock came to a stop, glancing askance at the man and answered, "No it's not." It was easy to tell that name was a lie, the stranger obviously knew someone by that name but the inclination by which he said it was not the way someone carried their own name.
The vampire’s backside pivoted on the table, bringing his legs to dangle off the side before he jumped to the floor beside the detective. The sheet fell away and he paid it little regard.  As the perfect naked flesh of his backside was revealed, John stood with his back to Sherlock and admired the morgue that he recognized.  He seemed curious, appraising his surroundings as if he were unaware why or how he was here.
David watched in curious observation as his maker drank from the mortal.  He could see the pleasure coursing through the other vampire, could smell the satisfaction of the blood on his maker’s palate.  It made his own mouth salivate with desire.
Sherlock’s bow skittered its last length along the strings, making an awful screeching sound, as he pointed the tip of it in Lestrade’s face.  “There was nothing to tell,” he snapped, as he turned his back on the other man and ran up and down a scale on his violin.
This is not where the vampire wished to dwell.  He was having enough time swallowing this information himself, he really didn’t need to regurgitate it with Greg here and now.  “More people are going to get hurt, Greg, if Sherlock doesn’t fix this.” John redirected, quickly adding, “What about Mrs. Hudson?”
"Did you know I was thinking about you?" the vampire asked his lover warmly, bypassing a traditional salutation.
David seemed to be cognitively aware of his sudden agitation and yet it did not bother the other immortal.  He simply continued, making a see-saw motion with his flat palm as he corrected, “Not specifically, no.  Monitoring supernatural events and beings, including vampires.”
“All I’m saying is, Sherlock being back has put you off.  That’s fine.  The man faked his own death and has now bounced back into your life—“
Drawing his own beer closer to negate the familiar and unfamiliar smells of his friend, he tried not to make direct eye contact.  He knew already that Lestrade had noticed.  How could he not?  His damn eyes practically glowed for heaven’s sake.  Those brown eyes tracked his face and even slipped now and then up and down his body, as John caught the odd snippet of—
Yet what had happened in the alleyway?  Sherlock had been skirting around his inquiries deftly, always choosing to redirect instead of answer.  Surely that implied that he was hiding something.  Sherlock groaned a heavy sigh, as he rubbed both his temples with his gloved hands, and rudely blustered at the doctor, "Out with it, John.  Watching you think is dreadfully painful."
The dark haired immortal stole a step backwards.  Their eyes lingered in a gridlock, each unwilling and unable to relent to the other, vigorously calculating and assessing, frustrated that thoughts would not pass unspoken between their vampirical minds.  Louis’ breathing soon normalized and slowly his calm passive façade returned.  He turned and leaned his shoulders back against the railing that led up to the stairs to the other flat above, his eyes gazing toward the ceiling.
John remained behind but close enough to ensure that he would be at the ready should something unexpected happen. There was a brief moment when he became aware that Sherlock was considering ‘making a run for it’ just to test John’s ability to track him. The thought was just as quickly dismissed, much to the vampires’ relief, when it was followed by the recollection that John had access to his thoughts and so, now already knew of the idea.
Sherlock leaned forward, licking and kissing a line up his neck, still carefully maintaining that blasted distance everywhere else. Reaching his jaw, the detective kissed a trail along its curve, finding his lips. Gently their lips pressed together for a moment before once again his friend pulled away. “John,” His name from Sherlock’s mouth in that raw tone twisted his insides. “I wish for you to be entirely cognizant of exactly who you are in bed with. If you would like to continue, say my name.”
?? Lestat is bat-shit crazy." John scoffing, laughed. His anger regarding the other immortal was ever palpable. Sweeping a hand down to highlight his naked form as the creature he now was, the vampire did not seem to care what-so-ever that he was entirely naked. "You can't possibly see this as a good thing.
“A bite mark, on left side of the neck.” John answered, quickly.  “If it was human it was one powerful jaw, most certainly pre-mortem.  The poor bastard.”
The raven haired head dipped and his emerald eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly at the older vampire adjacent him in the round black leather booth.  It was hard not to be skeptical of the little beast's presence after the encounters he had shared so far in the city with his own maker.  These two men had accompanied him the most over the years which he had chosen to share of his immortal life with another—even though these were still few when considered—and it was these two men that warred eternally for over his attentions, jested and bickered over his affections.  Always caught in the middle, it was hard now not to be skeptical of Armand’s true purpose in the ancient city.
The girl had never been one to freely divulge information so the detective switched his tactics.  He seated himself in a chair at the table, leaning back to mirror her casualness.  He gave a shrug of his shoulders and said simply, "Never thought you'd be the type to leave your work behind for a man."  It was said with just enough condescension to make those green eyes flash up at him with the first real break in her placid casual mask.
This tree bore less fruit than the first had and eventually the two men returned to Armand’s safe-house. John pensively watched Sherlock mull over all the clues they had collected, trying to see where they may have missed a lead or connection. He finally went out on his own for an hour, early in the morning, prior to dawn. Sherlock knew by the complexion and shameful look on John’s face at his observation, that John had gone out to feed.  That was twice in one evening, unusual up until this point.  Sherlock was contemplating why this might be—stress was the most likely factor, although his gut rooted strongly for lust—when the vampire brusquely repeated his rules and disappeared through the heavily secured door that lead to the chambers below the house.
With a grunt of effort, John tilted his head back, spying the nightstand by the bed. He was close enough that he could reach a hand back over his head to grab the single drawer’s knob. He struggled from below and backwards to open it. After it had slid open far enough, he fumbled around inside, finding nothing but a nearly empty bottle of painkillers and the discrete sized bottle of personal lubricant. The illegal Sig Sauer P226R, which normally rested there or in the belt of his jeans, was missing.
“Sounds like you have your hands full, inspector.” Sherlock commented coolly.  He turned and glanced back at the other man.  It was easy to see that the man was here to ask for help, needed that critical eye that the detective could bring to the scene that his men and even he were unable to utilize.  There were bags under his eyes and deepened creases around his mouth and between his silver brows.
John steeled himself for an attack, as the blond levied him with a predatory gaze and lick of his lips. Lestat’s pupils were uncomfortably dilated, black engulfed the once ice-blue rings and a horrible pit of fear was welling in John’s stomach that caused him to reflexively swallow. This was different—something had changed. The doctor in him could see the physical signs of it—something warring for control inside the immortal predator.
“I found it distracting.” Sherlock retaliated, his teeth gnashing together with a snap.  His agitation was increasing as the man toyed with the damn duck some more, spurred by the increasingly painful tension in his brain.  He pinched the bridge of his nose briefly, the pain behind his eyes receding, just a little, as he sighed.  He opened them again, reposed, and replied more tactfully, “Now, I have answered your question, perhaps you will return the favor.  Tit for tat, hmm?”
John could tell that the man had more to say but he couldn’t keep his rage from boiling out of him and angrily he ranted into the phone at his unknown captor, “Don’t apologize, let me out!  Why are you doing this?  Why me?”  It was a tumbling ramble of words that John himself was not even sure was entirely coherent.
Right now the focus of the blondes interest was turned on the battle that raged inside the doctors mind, as he tried to reason with himself all the pros and cons of being seated in such close proximity to the very naked and bathing form of the lithe man who was, not so long ago, someone whom he had and still did, love. Even as he loved his fiancé, dear Mary, whom he tried to flood his mind with now in order to combat the overflow of his memories of Sherlock’s same lean form in various states of ecstasy. In the very room where the sandy-blond was now, he recalled with a pang of guilt, that the same colored towels were hung on the rack as the last time they had indulged in one another’s pleasurable company.  To the doctor it felt like only a short time ago.
This card in his hand spoke of that love for one another, for a tenacity to engage fully in a relationship together, without the intrusion of the newly reincarnated consulting detective.  Lestrade just had trouble believing it.  Mary Morstan was not the jealous type.  The woman had seemed intrigued by the lanky brooding detective and Lestrade knew for a fact that John had been complaining of the woman’s pestering to push the two friends back together.  John had been the reluctant one.
Sherlock felt his forehead pinch together when there was movement at his side, a savage hand gripped the collar of his coat and another painfully snatched the wrist that had touched John’s throat. Turning he caught the bright shine off the dark blue eyes.
John shrugged his shoulders.  "It does but it's not the same.  I can hear only bits and pieces, here and there." he said, as he mimicked turning a dial with his fingers, "You have to tune into it, if you want a clear sound."
This reminder made John want to sigh into the perfect crook of the other man’s neck and shoulder. Lifting his chin, John tilted his head to whisper softly in the younger man’s ear. “I’m sorry too, you know,” he admitted, hands curving to run his hands down the lean length of Sherlock’s back.
The detective tried to call John’s name again.  Still there was no sound.  John gave him a left sided smile.  He was over top of him—or was he on top of him?—and in a soft whisper he asked Sherlock, “Do you accept my gift?”
“I did though,” Sherlock said, “you just make the mistake of assuming that it was purely for a romantic purpose.  I am and always have considered myself to be married solely to my work.  John Watson was a very instrumental part of carrying that out and the girls that he brought home interfered with his usefulness.”
Lestat was standing, on one side of the room and John was with Louis on the other.  They were arguing in a deafening tone that Sherlock was unable to fully comprehend.  Louis was holding John back.  The detective’s eyes were frozen on his friend.  It was John, but it wasn’t.
“I already agreed, what else do I need to do? Sign a contract? Sell my soul?” Sherlock was being a shit and he knew it.
“No,” she said, shaking her head, and wishing he let her go.  “He came back after we had finished the tea and dropped off the next few month’s rent.  Said that he would be away for a while on business.”
Mrs. Hudson did not even flinch when hit with the rude comment that he had intended to push her away and the tension brewing between them in the air of the small kitchen was palpable.  She was concocting more things to say, feeling she had not properly voiced her opinion, of which Sherlock was still unable to completely piece together.  She crossed her arms, her faintly pink fingernails strikingly bright in contrast with the wool of her deep plum cardigan, the elbows slightly dusted with flour from her early morning visit to the baker’s kitchen next door.  “You know, Frank liked to get a little eccentric sometimes with his affections.  A lot of the other women he slept with he said liked the sensation but I never stood for it when we made love.  I’m surprised that John would…”
“Err… It’s not that easy, Sherlock.” John rubbed the back of his neck, as he followed the taller man out of the kitchen and towards the entry.
Sherlock also tried very, very, hard not to think about John.  It had felt like an easy undertaking when he had decided he would ban the man from his mind palace and yet it had proven to be the most impossible of decrees to uphold.  The man pervaded many of the room of the palace where he stored all of his data, his memories, and his experiences.  He would be sitting down to go through a filing cabinet, to sort and to organize what he had laid out to cover, and John would be there in his red chair, ankles crossed casually, tea cup in hand, asking what he was doing.  It seemed that it did not matter where he went, the doctor could find him.  It was destressing, frustrating, and even maddening.  Mycroft had always reminded him that feelings were not an advantage and Sherlock felt the disadvantage of them now more than he ever had before.  Many times he had woke from his meditations, shamed by wet cheeks and the fact that he had very little else accomplished.
He glanced at the clock. John would be rising from his slumber soon and would need to be caught up with the recent changes. For now, the paper was folded back up, more simplistically and deposited in his front trouser pocket, as Sherlock went about preparing for the evening and John’s waking.
As he drifted back from the euphoria of sensation John noticed the sudden discord between his body and Sherlock’s own lightly thrusting form. Before he could clear his head enough to think or do anything the man’s nails raked down his sides leaving fiery trails in their wake. John arched as he cried out, partly from the shock of the light pain, but mostly from the sharp pleasure induced.
This finally quieted Lestat’s cackling.  The blond walked over to where the detective still sat on the floor, wiping away the blood tears that stained his cheeks.  He reached down a hand and grabbed the detective by the scruff of his coat and shirt, hauling him with ease to his feet, like a parent might do with a small child.  Then suddenly without warning there was a thunderous crack that shook the building and the blond stumbled back a few steps.
“Yes,” David finally said, the word forced from him as though wrung out of his very being.  He followed the admission with well-known fact, “They have an invested interest in your affairs and are always watching.”
Sherlock pulled the offended appendage close to his chest, rubbing the reddened circles on his forearm, as he pushed himself up and off of the couch.  He brushed roughly past the doctor, growling as he tromped away, “I made an executive decision due to your unavailability.”
“John Watson is my priority, inspector, and I will do everything within my power to find the doctor.” Sherlock hissed through clenched molars.
The other vampire’s dark head of thick round black waves dipped, tussling the loose curls ever so slightly. John could see every damn hair on the head before him, and he chastised his own inability to keep these damn new heightened senses in check.  The voice from the other was low and gentle, diplomatic, as he answered in return, “So, the truth is, that you know very little.”  The head came back up and the man pulled at the sleeves of his jumper, pushing them up his arms, before he crossed them over his chest, adding frankly, “Keep that in mind…because what I am about to tell you might be almost as hard to swallow as your current predicament.”
“Well, yes, of course.  I went out early this morning to have tea with an old girlfriend of mine,” she started in her rambling speech, less shaken now, “and so I didn’t see it at first, but when I came home I spotted it right after lunch.  A note.  From John.”
The doctor was searching, provoking, trying to justify his presence—meaning that he was uncomfortable, that their predicament in addition to their proximity was outside of the man’s sphere of friendship.  It also meant that the other man had possibly considered Sherlock’s motives for demanding the doctor sit in on his bathing session.  Nonchalantly Sherlock answered his friend, coolly commenting, “Unfortunately Mrs. Hudson has taken my skull so I am a little out of practice.”  His feet had grown cold, raised up out of the water and the detective shifted in the bathwater, submerging them again.  He brought his arms down too and dipping his hands into the water he splashed his shoulders, warming them with the water, trying to ignore John’s silence and the deductions that filled his thoughts because of it.
Lestat heard it then too.  The verbal acquiescence of the doctor resignedly giving in to the demand of the consulting detective.  Although the blond had thoroughly enjoyed their prior incident, and had indeed completely forgotten about the two men he had been watching earlier in the flat above, he welcomed this distraction for both him and his fledgling to commiserate over, if only to keep Louis from dwelling on the swirl of emotions which Lestat could see writhing within the glowing emerald depths of his eyes.  The blond caught the eye of the other, a smirk and a raised eyebrow enough of an exchange for the other to understand and agree with his suggestion.
His saliva had begun to drip down, creating the lubrication his fingers needed and on a torturously slow downward motion with his mouth, he pushed his index finger in. He relished the full body jerk and the near painful fingers in his hair as he slowly withdrew with both mouth and finger before plunging in again.
“I’m not stupid, Sherlock.  I’ve already heard this piece.” John informed him, sounding slightly more agitated, before he lifted his chin and quietly amended, “I owe it to myself.”
“We both know that I am worth the attention, my sweet.” Lestat replied, nonchalant in the face of his fledgling’s obvious concern.  He folded his arms over his chest and plodded forward, needing to know, “And the consulting detective?  Are they watching him as well?”
John shrugged as much as the tight dress would allow. He refused to look at the man, wishing that he were home, or with Sherlock, not wearing this bloody awful contraption.
Suddenly intensely disinterested in physically continuing, Sherlock’s gaze went distant as he began throwing out theories. In a matter of seconds, he had rattled off a rather long list of reasons why a vampirical body may respond differently to sex than a mortal one. Half, he immediately rescinded, before tossing out the next idea in a rush of thoughts. Suddenly he stopped.
The vampire fed before arriving, so as not to be pestered by the cloying thirst, and when he made it to 221B he came through the front door silently.  He could hear Mrs. Hudson watching telly, could smell that she was drinking her last cup of tea, and he could tell that she was silently weeping.  A cold grip squeezed at his heart, as her thoughts screamed through his mind.  She mourned the two of them—he noted, with some annoyance, that it was the detective and himself, and not Mary—thinking surely they must both be in dreadful danger if not dead.  It took everything he had to stop himself from flinging open her door and ending her misery with his presence.
"We all want something, Lestat. What exactly is it that you want?" David’s calm demeanor was beginning to annoy his maker.
“Thank you, dear brother, for your time.  I will let you get back to your slice of cake that I so inadvertently had interrupted.” He stood in a flourish of wool coat, spinning on his heel, back erect, as he stalked from the office.  He stopped at the door, hesitating only long enough to point at the barely visible smear of chocolate at the corner of his brother’s mouth.  “It is still calling your name.”
Watching the other man slowly make his way about the lavish penthouse, John began to follow him as the long strides carried the creature towards the glass wall that lead to the balcony.  He paused a moment to frown at the naked frame of the once plush armchair as he passed it.
Lestrade placed the postcard back on the table between them and took the note.  It was written on half a piece of paper, crumbled and used.  There was John’s note and then there was other words, scrawled absently.  The paper had been torn from something else of Sherlock’s, his long sweeping drawn out hand was what made up the other words.  When he tried to make them all out he came up with ‘interview with the’, ‘fictional’, ‘copycat’, and ‘Lestat’—whatever that was all supposed to mean.  So it was more than likely that John had been in 221B when he had grabbed the paper to leave the note.  There was no telling how long ago that had been, but he was certain it had been within the last thirty-six hours.  The note was by the phone after all.
"The history on your laptop says that you've been exceptionally interested in the good doctor lately." he answered her, in a condescending tone of high authority.  He gave her a wide zealous closed lipped grin, which lasted only a moment, before he cocked his head to the side and narrowed his eyes, patronizingly questioning, "I'm pretty sure that the university is not funding your research with satellite internet so you can look up missing army doctor bloggers."
“Thank you,” John said, it was a choked response.  The doctor hated goodbyes.  They were always awkward and this one was especially so.  “I appreciate it…I appreciate everything, Louis.”
Lestat was quiet for a moment, his eye intensely studying his fledgling’s face, as he considered what had been said.  Of course, he did not need reminding that there were those more powerful than himself who could end his fun with the internationally famous detective.  This fact always seemed to be dangled over his head when it came to another attempting to reign him in.  He hated to have it come from David—his David.
John’s teeth gnashed together in a snap, keeping a curse at bay.  He raked a frustrated hand back through his hair and after a moment of deliberation, he sighed, and growled, “Well…what do you want?”
The scene was no different than he might have expected.  John looked perfectly peaceful. Sherlock had seen the man numerous times within the comfort of his own bed, sometimes in the comfort of his bed, however, here the vampire was quieter and more still than the man had ever been—than any man would be.  He was like a statue, a rock, unmoving and silent.
“Yeah!” Lestat threw in, gesturing a dismissive hand at the mortal behind his desk, “Sherlock is mine!”
John had not planned on meeting with Sherlock—certainly not like that—and now he had no choice but to remain close to the man, which already had proven quite torturous.  That thing was obviously otherworldly—that was still a notion he was not quite used to using—and the
“What the fudge-sundea? Like right now? Just fly to London?” Despite how unbelievable her words sounded, John could pick up the air of wistful longing that underlined the way she said ‘London’.
With a final lick, John abandoned the reddened nipple. He trailed his mouth lower, teeth grazing and biting the skin between the occasional kiss. This caused the detective to squirm and gasp beneath him, small shudders racking his body. His fingers found the barrier of Sherlock’s slacks and quickly began working the button and fly before starting to force the material down. With every inch of skin he exposed, he would pause to give it attention, even as he purposely avoided the man’s straining erection. Fingers caressed and teeth nipped as he drew down the man’s tailored slacks.
This was the detective’s grave. The fake grave that Mycroft had allowed John to weep at to mourn the false death of his friend—his lover.
“Ah, now sunshine, how are you feeling?” The nasal voice barely registered in the ears of the immortal, his head pounding as he fought the impending blackness of unconsciousness. The voice continued to talk.
Mary crinkled her nose and turned back, as she opened the door.  “Telly is boring.” She commented, just louder than a whisper.  “Go see what Sher—“
"Now, now, no need for such language," tsked the man as he stepped inside the suite, leaving the door ajar behind him, John noticed.  The creature drew a hand to his chest and gave a quick delicate bow, "Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is Lestat and although I'm sure you've heard all sorts of things about me, I am here to inform you that they are likely, hardly the truth."
Sherlock wished to be so much closer, but that thought he had to clear entirely from his mind.  He set about locking it up in his mind palace in a place where he was fairly confident it would stay hidden from his connection with John.  “Once projectiles were deflected the next logical step was to see what the threat radius was.” Sherlock explained sounding bored, turning his back on John and spreading his hands on the kitchen table over his collection of papers.
The vampire was too abrupt to have a minion come and serve his needs, plus there was no telling what had become of Lestat since his disappearance.  It seemed that Moriarty possessed quite a lot of supernatural power, for he had surely taken the vampire by surprise.  Obviously, she had ties to the Talmasca’s rebel faction in some capacity, but he doubted she was here solely on their behalf, and she would have never left the security of her hide-away-island and her puffins for her own purposes.  Why did she care about their endangerment?  She had no real tangible connection to either of them that would warrant a warning.
The detective was about to prod her more and, as though she had expected him to, the girl relented in her mask and her game.  As her fingers stroked the sides of the china cup in her hand, her strong voice came out of her weak and quiet.  "I don't wish to see him as he is now... and I fear his ability to garner thoughts from my mind would endanger him more so than the two of you already are."
Closing his eyes tightly he began to assemble the components of the alley way piece by piece in a clarity that allowed him to review the scene with startlingly accuracy. The place where they found the body left nothing new to be discovered, it was the path the body took that he needed to determine.
Sherlock knew exactly what he was begging for. He released his unyielding grip on John’s straining wrists before he began to bite and suckle his way lower. Sharp teeth accented the detectives soft and talented fingers sliding across his chest. Still, he trailed down, forcing John to unwind his legs until his teeth were grazing sharply against John’s thigh.
With a last deep cleansing breath the doctor turned his attention back to his penthouse prison. Down feathers from torn cushions were strewn about on broken furniture that littered the spacious flat. There was the crunch of broken glass under his feet as he walked towards the bedroom he had awoken in, all the while casually sipping at the rich brew that wafted up from his cup. He had an awkward sense of pride at the level of destruction he had wrought to the expensive furnishings of his captor. Only the bed he had awoken in was spared the viscous onslaught when John had finally snapped, the very same bed he now sought out.
More curious than before he returned to the dark bedroom.  The two rooms combined were larger than the whole of 221B.  The room itself could have held four king sized beds with room to spare.  The one he had slept in looked small against the wall, with its simple black frame.  There was a flat screen mounted on the opposite wall and in the corner by the bay of large windows there was a lounge chair, a coffee table, and a large well stocked bookshelf.  Finding the door to the room, John flicked the light switch, illuminating a large three tiered chandelier that hung from the fourteen foot ceiling, circled by intricate crown moulding that decorated its expanse.
It certainly didn’t win him any favors.  John’s face remained the same, but his eyes sparked with something else, more feral.
A strange look twisted Lestat’s features for an instant before vanishing into a sinister grin, as the vampire stopped clapping. “Good Questions, John. Shame I can’t answer those for you without giving up my little game just yet.”
The detective moved from the kitchen towards the small stairwell in the hallway that led to the second floor.  The fresh pungent tang of new varnish hit his palate as he also noted that the carpets on the steps were newly replaced.  At the top of the stairs sat a small half circle side table made of fine mahogany.
“Because you ate them all. Bloody hell, I’m getting better at this!” John laughed, his chest swelling as he congratulated himself.
As the sleek black car pulled away the immortal took in a deep breath of the London air. He did love this city. Missed it whenever he was apart from it for too long. His mind had been made up on his own involvement in the strange maelstrom that had presented itself. There were enough facets at play from his observations that he too had become terribly certain some other greater powers were at work.
Sherlock smirked. “Genius detective returns from the dead, seeking vengeance against gay lover’s new fiancé.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes dramatically and gave a loud gusty sighed.  He popped the collar of his coat a little higher and bade waspishly to his irritating sibling, “I don’t have time for your cloak and dagger mysteries.”
Lestat’s feet carried him down a hallway to the large oak door. Muffled cries and groans were barely audible to his own supernatural hearing as he smiled in satisfaction of his little nest. Door open he stepped to his little scene.
“So, correct me if I’m wrong then, but,” Lestrade interjected, when she made to take a breath between rambling sentences, “there is no one else in the building.”
The lusty cherub’s lips moved to speak and quickly realizing no sound followed, he paused with a long blink as he licked his lips. A sultry smile spreading across his face as again he met Louis’ eyes, all the while one devious hand continued to tease his nipple deftly before beginning to trail lower.   “Louis…” The slow roll of his name from Armand’s lips ran a shiver up his spine. “I would have you. And I would have you have me in all ways, here and now.”
Then he heard his own voice, loud and clear, a ferocious bellow, as the assailant was badgered with a vase.  The crystal broke upon impact, shattering against the intruders raised forearms into a million glittering pieces, and there he was—he could see himself enter the scene, attacking the man.  The murderer was well trained and well equipped, he slashed a few threatening swipes towards John and he saw himself jump back, calculating how to proceed.  It all happened really quick then.  John attacked, the intruder dodged and kicked, catching John in the knee, his bad knee, sending him to the floor.  As he grabbed at the appendage, the man snatched the lamp from the bedside table and swung it like he was hitting a home run at Yankee Stadium.  John watched himself slump to the floor, as the view of the scene was suddenly moving.  The assailant wailed and then there was blood and John didn’t any longer recognize what he was witnessing.
The phrasing of that stubborn protestation hit John like a punch to the gut.  Why had it sounded like he was thinking about the darling woman in the past-tense.
"Out of love." Marisa implored. As she spoke of Mary it was the first time that the consulting detective could detect true emotion from her.  Not a mask, not a cover, but true sadness and regret. "She was like a sister to me.  Something neither of us had the privilege of having otherwise."
He stood there, blond curls whipping wildly in the cool gusts that rose up from around them. David followed, standing a few feet beside his maker and assuming the same stance. “Why are you skirting my question?”
The blackness was consuming. He felt like it ate at him, slowly devouring one morsel of his flesh at a time as the seconds ticked by.
Louis’ gaze was frigid then and it was easy to see that he was perturbed by his captive’s ignorant refusal to cooperate.  In a rigid tone, blanketed with palpable frustration, the creature tried a new tactic.  “Look, John,” it said, raising a placating hand, “what will it take for you to cooperate with me tomorrow night?”
"We both know what he is and what he is capable of," she snapped, her voice sudden and intense, as her fingers gripped the tea cup angrily, "there is more than one reason as to why one might not want to be close to that creature."
Sherlock turned to expect the vehicle that would carry him swiftly away from the threatening man, but the cabbie seemed to have other intentions in mind.  The detective watched as the black car swung into the lane closest, slowing down to a mere crawl as it approached, yet it did not stop.  As the cabbie passed he also noted that the man inside was slowly and very methodically licking the steering wheel.  Wide blank eyes rose to meet his own, the mouth slightly gaping, chin wet with the saliva of his previous workings at the wheel, before he picked up to normal speeds and pulled away into the thrum of traffic on the busy street.
Sherlock toweled off, neglecting to dry his hair, and pulled on some clean underwear. His head was nodding with the effort to stay awake now. The hot water and steam had sufficiently wiped out any of his last reserves to stay awake. The room was sparse on other sleeping accommodations, as John had pointed out earlier. There was a chair at the desk. He had managed it before and wasn’t keen on trying it again. His neck ached simply thinking about it.
That last statement made the doctor paused in his typing, as his brain considered this viable possibility that he had never entertained. The ever-moving brain theory was gaining traction. He glanced studiously at his flat mate, whose attention was still consumed by his task. Sherlock’s unwavering dedication to his focus reminded the blogger of his own project.
John hadn’t expected the emotional blackmail. His face scrunched up, and he moved to push the other man off of him, only to realize that he wasn’t able to. All of his supernatural strength suddenly didn’t account for anything, not in the construct of the mind palace. Sherlock looked as if he hadn’t even noticed that John was straining against him, which frustrated John even more.
The vampire left the scene, walking in the slow measured pace Louis had practiced with him, trying once more to key in with his mind on the mortals that were within a certain proximity. No one was aware he was even there, all too busy with their own taxing demands on life, huddled in the buildings out of the biting chill of the winter night. This made him smile. He felt a little stronger having accomplished this simple task that would forever be a part of this immortal eternal life.
The urge to clock the man was almost too strong to resist.  John still obeyed and through grit teeth he demanded to know, "What was it in the alley?"
to see this opera for the first time and in exchange Louis told of a time he and David Talbot had abandoned Lestat on one of his ‘Disney Land Adventures’ to enjoy a performance of Luciano Pavarotti who happened to be in town.
He had gotten word that a woman had called for him from Donovan—it wasn’t like her to deliver messages about the office, especially regarding Sherlock, but she did seem to still have a soft spot for his land lady.  Perhaps she sympathized.  When Lestrade returned the phone call the woman was insistent that he come to the flat personally.  He had not lied.  He had come as quickly as he could, although he really hadn’t wanted too.
Excusing himself from the scene, he left Donovan in charge, and left the dry cleaners through the glassless front door.  Before he made the call he took the precaution of popping a fag in his mouth and taking his first drag.  The smoke hit his lungs with a wash of relief as he hit redial on his mobile.  The call rang only once before the shaken voice of the elderly woman answered.
Having another man rip your clothes off in a darkened pool was one thing, John finally decided, but having Sherlock Holmes do it was another.
The detective felt rather like a child being given bedtime rules.  He shook of the swarming indignation by returning to his work.
“Dan-iel?” Came the cool questioning tone from his immortal companion as Louis appeared in the entry way from the stairs that led to the lower flat. The scowl directed at Lestat melted immediately into a relaxed smile when Mrs. Hudson turned to look at her newest tenant.
“I thought so myself.” Lestrade added, feeling fairly proud to have the detective agree with his assessment.
John paused for a second to return the gesture when the demanding voice of his rueful friend snapped at him, “Quickly, John!”
“Think, Sherlock, what are you missing?” He spoke allowed to himself in the room. Eyes that looked down at the unremarkable carpet closed and he brought the ally rushing back around him out of the blackness.
John's hand’s slid along the length of the man’s long, pale legs, parting them as he began to crawl his way back up. He lowered his head once more and ran his tongue along the underside of the man’s knee, feeling the slight twitch in reaction to the sensation. He turned his head slightly and used his hands to further widen the detective’s legs before beginning to kiss his way up first one thigh then the other. When they had both received affection from his fingers as well as his mouth he continued to move higher.
John did not object when Lord Francis gently grasped his elbow, attention already shifting to how the hedges danced closer to him with every breath. Then they were moving again, and John fixated on the feel of the cobbles under his uncomfortable shoes.
“Well, thanks for making it for me.” John commented acridly.  Then he turned and stormed out of the room with all the huff of a temper-tantrum. Despite feeling a little foolish over it all afterwards, he did feel marginally better when he had slammed the door of the office behind him and heard the crack and splinter of the expensive dark oak frame.
David raised an eyebrow at this and Mycroft gave a rumbled sigh, explaining, “My little brother is far more dangerous left to his own devices.  At least this way he will be kept busy with something that we know John will follow as well, while we try to dive more into Moriarty’s background and his new found powers.”  Mycroft thought for a moment and then asked, “So, the Talmasca is unaware that Lestat is missing?”
The detective went then to his bedroom and undressed, tossing the ruined shirt into the waste basket.  When he was dressed he went to the kitchen, still adamantly avoiding the bathroom, and soaked a dish towel in warm water, mopping at the dried blood around his collar bone and neck.  When he was cleaned the wound sufficiently enough he threw on another dress shirt and did the collar straight up.  Having all the buttons done up made him feel slightly squeezed about the neck, possible swelling of the muscles from the trauma.  It didn’t matter.  He threw on his coat and tied the scarf in place, before leaving the flat.
The trip home was a short one and the fair paid with ample tip, he couldn't be bothered to fuss with change. He wanted nothing more then the warmth of the bed he shared with the fiery woman he knew would sooth away the confusing thoughts and questions that threatened so persistently. Every fiber of his being was heavy with exhaustion and the trudge of his feet up the few small cement steps to their shared flat was overcome by thoughts of the release which sleep would bring. Gripping the cold steel of the hand rail he pulled himself towards the sanctuary with eyes downcast to ensure his foot cleared the vertical lift.  Then he stopped suddenly and a chill, not caused by the cold of the air around him, ran up his spine, as he noticed the front door was ajar.
John slowly leaned in, pressing his still damp body along the length of Sherlock’s narrower frame, savouring the feel of the man’s hard muscles against his own. He tilted his head up and locked eyes with the maddeningly frustrating detective before he closed the small distance between their mouths. This time Sherlock didn’t resist.
The indignantly barked summons from her eccentric but dear tenant in 221B was barely audible through the cacophony of noise that surrounded the elderly woman.  Sherlock Holmes had always been an odd one but today he was certainly stretching thin that lean definition that she had learned to lend him.  The sound of crashing, banging, tinging, splashing, and even beeping had been filtering down from the upstairs flat since late that morning and the raucous had only grown louder and more agitated as it had progressed.
Sherlock didn’t bother buttoning the jacket up but calmly strode the few steps to the door. As his fingers rested on the handle he glanced back at John. “You are in no shape to be doing anything. It would be best to continue this another time.” His tone was almost bored as he stated the words, as though he had already dismissed John entirely and was now thinking about something else.
Suddenly the curtain was raked back.  There was an unflattering scream that was quickly followed by a string of curses, as the corners of that wicked mouth quirked upwards and those variscite eyes downcast for a split second, before locking with his own startled gaze.  “I need you, John.” The man said, mouth still quirked and those eyes crinkled at the corners in a comical display of a smile.
The hands flew apart, the arms swinging wide, as the man cheerfully replied, “Why, a game, of course!”  Then he took the light standard that was close by into his hand and stepping up onto it’s base, swung a lazy circle around it.  When he came back round he stopped himself, dipping his head to appear more menacing, as he added, in a malicious tone, “Why don’t you tell me who the
John growled and rolled over onto his side, his hands moving to his new priority—the pain in his stomach.  The vampire was still slightly weak and made no attempt to get to his feet.
After a hard day breaching the laws of the mortal world, sometimes you just wanted to press your body against a lovers and know that in all the absolution of time, you weren't alone right now. Right in that moment. Someone was there... The tense muscles in Louis had relaxed a little as he pulled his scarlet-stained lips back and with the swipe of his tongue, a look of cat-like enjoyment spread across his face. Lestat knew the look of tentative surrender and knew the hand he must play if he wanted to continue in this seduction. His grip tightened on the slender body pressed against his and slipping a hand up the lithe back beneath the leather jacket, he craned his head against the others throat and gently tugged at the ear of the other with a playful nip.
Sherlock became lost in the exchange.  The connection allowed things to flow both ways between them, thoughts and memories of Lestat’s beginning to slowly mingle with his own, as though they were now weaved in and of one another.  He had been here before but somehow this was different.  This was of purpose and Lestat did as he had promised, allowing the memory of that fateful event in the penthouse to rise to the surface above all the others, like oil on top of water.
“I do believe your shows are starting, Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock snapped.  The whip-like sting of his voice finally propelled her out the door and down the stairs, thankfully with the tray of dishes that had been collecting around the flat.
Finally accepting he couldn't just hide out in the safe room all night, John had ventured up to find Sherlock. To his surprise the detective was asleep on the sofa.  It was immediately apparent that he had not remained in the house the whole day as John had requested. His laptop was on the coffee table and there were several newspaper articles strewn about the room, interspersed with various coffee shop disposable cups, some still half full and others still warm, and an antique china bowl had been disgracefully turned into an ashtray. Open, the pack of fags was half empty when John got close enough to inspect. The smell wafting up from the ashtray was awful and flared his annoyance. He kicked the edge of the sofa, startling the other man awake.
It was drastically different this time, the shot of pain that came from the teeth sinking into his flesh was only a pinprick and then the thrum of his heart reverberated heat in time with a strange cotton-headed pleasure. Even as his fingers grew cold with the precious little blood he had being drained away by the creature that held him, there was no pain in the action. His mind was whirring slower and slower with the events that had transpired, like a vortex in a bathtub drain, the scenes played over in his mind as he watched the drastic shift of his world spiraling downward to this moment.
“Yummy. Your pain is like honey, Lestat. I can’t wait to taste more of it. I would serve it at my dinner party if my guests could appreciate it. Speaking of which, I need to run. Enjoy your little break, Bye-e.”
There was a loud clap and then the box shot back towards the pitcher at rocket speed. The man barely ducked in time, as it smashed into the wall, breaking the drywall and splintering into three or four pieces.  It was hard to say if he had physically seen what had happened or not.  His eyes had observed no movement from the bed, but the evidence was clear enough.  The bed covers were moved, slightly pushed down, the top arm now exposed, and then there was the simple fact that the box had clearly been volleyed back, hit in mid air as it traveled towards its target.  The box was in several pieces from both impacts and yet John himself did not seem disturbed.  He was still as a corpse, his eyes closed and his mouth reposed.
Something changed then.  A switch flipped and need turned sharply to agony.  His teeth grit to bare the sudden wracking pain that infused his torso, like liquid fire tracing its way from his esophagus to his intestines.  He doubled over, hands clutching his abdomen.  It felt like he was being ripped apart, like his insides wished to be violently outside of the encasement of his skin.  The frigid coolness that had overcome him earlier was now a burning that made his skin dampen with droplets of sweat, as if a fever were suddenly upon him.  He let out a torturous bellow, his hands gripping round himself, his forehead pressing painfully into the cool stones of the floor and from somewhere near by he could hear the panting voice of the vampire.
"Learning to not kill indiscriminately out of hunger." John snapped, giving his friend a bit of a glare.  "We didn't focus much on the history of vampirism.  I learned how to coincide, to blend in, to not be noticed.  It's a lot more difficult than you think."
“Oops, forgot to mention,” Moriarty announced, leaning down towards John’s hunched form on the ground, “Demon blood can certainly pack one hell of a punch.”
“Stop.” John’s sharp tone bit into the consulting detective’s emotional plea with a cold, dangerous edge. Red began welling in the vampire’s eyes as he sucked in a deep breath. “Don’t you dare make this out to be my fault. I can’t absolve you of your own guilt, and I won’t be the reason you decide to throw your mortal life away!” Propping himself back up on his elbows, he brought his face closer to Sherlock’s “You want to be this creature as well? Then do it for your own reasons, not because of me. You’ve done a lot of selfish things claiming that it was for me, and I’m tired of it. Your motivations are your own, they always have been.” Scarlet droplets pooled at the edges of his eyes before slipping free as he spoke. Sherlock listened, barely breathing, stricken by the impassioned words.
He held the other man securely, using his body to cage Sherlock in and tried to broadcast that he was not going to move until they talked about this. He was surprised to feel Sherlock slowly relax against him and caught the slightest upturn of the genius’s perfect lips. It was with a slow dawning of realization that he became aware of the fact that the bloody bastard had just manipulated that damned confession out of him. Had that been all he was waiting for? John to acknowledge exactly what it was that he wanted from the other man?
John’s inexplicable demands were questionable enough, yet his sudden and unemotional removal of them was stranger still.  Whenever Sherlock considered this he saw red flags and heard alarm bells ringing in the recesses of his mind.  Yet when he attempted to mull over the facts in consideration with these obvious warnings the detective found himself thwarted from the attempt every time—by his own arousal.  The blasted reaction he had to even the memories of the time and incident prevented any kind of functional analysis.  It was bloody inconvenient.
“It will have to wait.” Lestat said, “We have to get out of here. Moriarty’s control over this room has left along with him. The alarms have all tripped and we are about to have a very unhelpful meeting with castle security.”
Sherlock had never been one to readily believe anything that was not tangible.  This included religion, mythology, superstition, magic, and many other ridiculous human created fantasies.  He had not believed in the supernatural, in vampires and the like.  Lestat had proven him wrong.  Perhaps this creature was…something other.  If it was than it was not out of the realm of possibility for his claim on Sherlock to be that beyond his physical being.  Perhaps his soul?  Still, he did not easily allow this thought to linger as plausible.  It all seemed so improbable.
Greg rolled his eyes and cursed the detective.  Sherlock was a brilliant man.  He shouldn’t have to show up here and make sure he wasn’t high.  Grinding his molars, he gave the door a tentative push.  It resisted.  It wasn’t a solid resistance, so he pushed harder.  Whatever it was it gave a little—an inch.  He braced his shoulder against the door and gave a shove.  The door pushed open a little more, as something rolled over with a flop on the other side.  Now through the ten inch crack in the door way he could see a leather shoe, foot, and ankle—“Dammit, Sherlock!” he cursed, as he squeezed through the doorway to find the detective sprawled on the floor behind the door.
It had not been uncommon for them to argue.  They had grown quite accustomed to it.  John was used to losing.  Sherlock had many ways to deviate around his defenses and strike an exacting blow at what he would have considered a solid ground.  This time was different.  John didn’t base his legitimacy on scientific fact, he very truthfully played on the emotional field, of which the consulting detective had very little knowledge or experience to stand on.
The creature had seemed hauntingly familiar and yet increasingly alien to the detective.  Still, whatever it was, it had laid its claim over him.  The detective was not sure what that meant.  He was familiar with the human sense of claim and possession of another person, a slave, but this he felt was something far more.
“Well, off to bed then.” Mrs. Hudson stated suddenly as she rose from the sofa, gathering up her cup and offered to take Sherlock’s. Looking down to realize he must have been sipping his tea longer then he thought, he finished the last mouthful and handed the fine china cup to the delicate hands of Mrs. Hudson. He watching her disappear out the door and as she left she called back, “Have a good night, Sherlock.”
When the luster wore thin of these little amusements then Lestat would turn to the internet and all the joys of the endless online world to find some new adventure to undertake. Some exotic location to explore that he had not yet conquered that he would whisk himself away to, in order to look for something unusual or sensational. It delighted him to no end to read the horrid and often evocative fanfictions that had been written about himself and Louis, as well as the others, on various archives ran primarily by women.  Their imaginations knew no bounds and they would take what he and Louis had penned and create entirely different scenarios and adventures that could be dramatic, hilarious, spectacular, or—his personal favorite—full of heart wrenching angst.
The collar of Sherlock's coat was turned up to hide the reflection of the small smile that he felt spread across his lips, he allowed it for only a moment before chastising himself once more for getting off track with his thoughts. He would see how far along John would follow before he was reminded of the dreadfully boring domestic life he was required to return to. The genius knew full well that he had already won a few small victories this evening. John had come to the flat and now to the Hospital, it was the next few steps that would reveal the dance they would come to undertake.
While he lay there, bodies close enough to feel one another’s heat but not quite touch, the two of them held still, frozen in a type of limbo until he decided what to do next. Should he throw the detective from him or pull the man closer. The decision was entirely his, Sherlock made sure of that. Biting the inside of his cheek, he looked up into those intensely bright eyes, those lips reddened from their kisses. He could feel the man’s slightly ragged breath against his face.
The detective drew in measured breaths through his nose and out through his mouth, as his mind began to sift through the clues that he had and that the message had added.  The mobile in the pocket of his coat felt like a weight, terribly distracting.  Why had he not found the phone earlier?  He knew why and it was not a comfort.
The dark head was dipped back to the eyepiece, the fine fingered hands diligently working again, as the detective volleyed back, “Sleep is for the weak.”
John only slightly remembered everything that transpired yesterday during the visit from his captor, the American neighbor Mrs. Hudson had rented 221C out to.  That in itself had come as a shock and then had transitioned into something more like
“Oh, for God’s sake I can manage on my own, Lestrade!  I have no need of a nursemaid.” Sherlock hissed at the inspector.  All his vehemence rewarded with a chuckle.
It was a kind offer, but seemed like a waste of the Yard’s man power.  “I don’t think that it’s a threat.” John returned, “They want her to think that we are relocated, so they want her to think that us being away is normal.  It’s a cover for something else.”
The last of his addicting vices, the detective savored the flavor and aroma of the cheap tobacco, his mind picking out the subtle additives one by one, the spongy filter, and even the quality of the leaves as he did so.  John had been a crucial aid in quitting the habit, which at the time had been both endearing and irascibly infuriating, especially in times when he needed the mental boost that the nicotine always provided.  It was that stepping stone to a sharper intellect which had been so much more aggravating to deny himself, than it had been the addictive properties of the tobacco.  The flavor wasn’t half bad either.  It reminded him of filching smokes off of Mycroft when he was too young to be indulging in such activities.
John.  So different and still so much the same.  His body burned to be close to the man and yet also ached to be so far away from knowing him.  John was guarded himself, trying to keep himself removed from completely giving in to any interaction with him.  Sherlock wondered if it was simply that the vampire's concentration was on appearing mortal or if it was strictly to keep him from knowing and exploring.
“Well, did you actually get anywhere or did breaking into my room and tormenting me take up most of your day?” John asked. His tone was a half annoyance and a half amusement.
Louis gave a polite knock at the bathroom door, rousing John from his own staring assessment of himself, and then the two of them left the house together.
Marisa squared her shoulders and straightened her back, assuming a posture of challenge, before she explained in her tiresomely elusive way, “What I needed to know.”
"Fancy meeting you here, Louis." The rich timber of Lestat’s voice was easily heard over the airport chatter and hollow announcements for final boardings.
Stubbornly he travailed, plugging away with his first two fingers of each hand, silently cursing his inability to find a way to incorporate the rest of his digits in his typing process. Plodding along, he soon was nearing completion, when movement in his periphery drew his attention away.
His stomach did a flip as Sherlock slowly lifted the jumper higher, inch-by-inch, exposing more of his chest. Grasping the edges of the material himself, John took over, needing to get the genius to leave before he noticed anything. He pulled the jumper over his head, cloth obscuring his vision as he stepped back. John drew in a startled breath and stopped as he felt long fingers gently skimming up his ribs.
The man relieved himself quickly and washed at the sink, taking the time to splash his face with cold water.  None of this seemed real.  Yet the water was real enough.  The cool splash sent goosebumps up and down his bare flesh.  He dried his face with a plush stark white towel, realizing as he did so that his face was clean shaven.  That thought sent a subtle chill through the doctor.
With no strain or effort on his part John kept his hips raised, kissing and teasing, as the detective felt his lover’s other hand slip over and around one cheek, a finger pressing and massaging, preparing to gain entry.  The pleasure was immense, his need even more so, as Sherlock’s eyes closed with ecstasy at the skilled touch of his lover’s preparations. First one finger working inside and finally a second.
A tickling at the back of Louis’ neck caused him to close his eyes and draw in a long and resolute breath. It was enough to let him know that the game was up.
With a sigh, John looked away again and ran a hand through his damp hair. Sherlock wasn’t helping him with this at all. No expression, no movement, nothing to show what he was thinking or feeling. ‘Emotions do not know gender.’ The words flitted through his head again. That was true, what he was feeling for the other man wasn’t based on what anatomy he had, but who he was. Sherlock Holmes was his flatmate, his friend and perhaps even his lover.
“I took the liberty of filching some from the ambulances. Thought they may be useful.” Sherlock explained, as he put the car in gear again. He steered them out on to the main road in town, heading in the direction of the motorway.
Moriarty had successfully put an end to all of that.  The mad man had become too dangerous to be allowed to play his games anymore.  As the world's first consulting criminal he had become a government target, exposing his web of treachery to Sherlock in order to garner his respect and his intrigue, as well as his time.  John's new involvement in the detective's life was the very reason why he had to appear to die that fateful day—to protect the doctor—even though he would never see it that way.
"Nothing." John said, snapping his fingers.  This chastening caused Sherlock’s indignant scowl to deepen. "Sleep. Think. Figure out how the hell Moriarty could still be alive, if he even still is alive, and find out what the bloody hell he could want with you this time."
The detective's mouth opened again to rebuke the thought and John beat him to saying anything.  With a finger pointed at him from across the kitchen the vampire demanded, "No!  I know you want it, that you..." he paused, raking another hand back through his hair, as he swore, "fuck me...that you don't
“Do you want this?” John all but breathed the words across the pulsing hardness he slowly pumped. His eyes travelled up the pale length of perfect skin that was his lover, admiring every single inch and wanting it all.
Passing the tickets to the pretty young woman behind the desk, Armand was pleasantly surprised by the warm press of Louis close against his back as a hand came to rest casually around his waist in a loose embrace. When the girl returned with their coats, Louis quickly extracted himself and took both jackets with a polite thanks, pulling his companion close to him as they moved towards the lobby, still too warm to dawn the jackets that neither truly required.
The detective had spent the last eleven hours scouring the internet for any and all information pertaining to anyone named Lestat de Lioncourt.  The search had proved most dissatisfying.  Like the lovely and cunning Mary Morstan, who even in death evaded his probing, this new stranger had as well.  He had found a great deal of information, of which took him hours to sift through, but all of it in the end was linked with a fictional character from a multitude of different books, most seeming to be penned by a different name.  It was all very frustrating.
Then Sherlock ordered him away.  “Stop wasting your time, Inspector,” as though he knew what Lestrade had been thinking—didn’t he always?— “and tell Mrs. Hudson I’m not dead so she will stop her infernal wailing.”
"Why this one? Because he's pretty? It seems like such a waste." Louis’ answer came after a few moments of consideration while he too eyed up the boy who might die.
John reached out a hand and tapped his first three fingers in succession against its metal side. The box gave a melodic tap-tap-tap back, the sound deep and echoing.
“What is it, John?” Sherlock demanded. His focus remained almost entirely fixated on the lean stretch of hard muscles on the exposed torso.
David reached his hand out to the lamp on the corner of the desk, flicking in on.  Warm light flooded the room and he caught Mycroft blink several times, as his eyes adjusted.  The vampire smiled warmly at his lover, as he came around the desk, leaning his backside against the ledge beside the chair the man occupied.  Mycroft attempted to return the favor but the endeavor lacked lustre.  David leaned down, drawn to the man’s plight by those lines on his brow, by the pain lingering behind those ice-cold eyes, and gently he pressed the suppleness of his youthful body against the mouth of his lover.  It was a chaste kiss, just long enough to demonstrate his empathy in place of verbalizing it, before he pulled back and informed the man, “I have met with Lestat.”
The dream during his day slumber had been a poignant gouge in his reserve.  He had felt so in control and that control had him taking Sherlock in a way he had never done before.  Worse yet was the way the man had complied—no, had surrendered to his want and desires.  John had woke with the taste of the man’s blood in his mouth, something that had haunted him for many nights after he had fled London for Canada, which he had thought he had dealt with.
Coming in from the rain, John shook himself off and slicked back his wet hair, annoyed that his date had gone so miserably and that trusting the weather report had left him drenched by the sudden downpour. He tromped up the steps to the flat, his sodden loafers squishing uncomfortably, leaving wet prints behind on the worn wooden treds.
David gave half a nod and shrugged his shoulders.  “I suppose one could say that.” He admitted, before he shook his head and elaborated, “He’s not himself.”
“Lestat left me in the far reaches of the Hebrides to recover from the blood loss I had sustained at his hand in the penthouse. Moriarty made it clear that he was not to turn me so to keep me alive I had to take several transfusions. I’m not sure how he accomplished that. He also gave me a nasty drug cocktail to keep me docile. It was enough to send me back through withdrawl, which was not in the least bit pleasant. Marisa was my Keeper.” Sherlock explained, eyes telling of a struggling time that he did not really want to recall. “I have no idea where Lestat was during that time. I was with her there for several weeks. She had a small croft and was conducting an evaluation on a colony of puffins. We spoke little. Argued mostly. And when the damned vampire finally returned for me, she took her pay, and we left.”
Sherlock watched her, his curiosity and anxiety roiling under his calm exterior. He showed little tension although John’s state made him increasingly worried. This was the workings of a well laid plan, not of her crafting. Marisa finished and glanced back in his general direction. She rose and turned back around, moving back down the carpet. She avoided eye contact with him and silently took a seat on the pew left of the alter, like any religious patron might.
He heard Moriarty screaming, somewhere beyond the pounding in his ears, “No! No! This can’t be. I’ve won! No!”
This did surprise Mycroft but he kept his lips tight together instead of rebutting such an inconsequential fact.
Yet his visitation had proven to be somewhat useful.  The young woman’s curiosity had driven the blighted conversation towards the itching scabs ever pestering him beneath the collar, the scarf, and the neck of his shirt, and he had conceded to allowing her the business of dealing with it.
“Take me, Louis. I want you.” That had been enough when urging fingers dug wickedly into his back. Louis let out a sharp gasp before ravaging the pale length of exposed throat. Armand arched and bucked against him violently with a cry mixed with pain and ecstasy as teeth punctured perfect flesh.
Mycroft had far more stamina than Lestat had initially given the mortal man credit for.  The moments of passion stretched on and on.  Lestat enjoyed them more and more as the time needed had come to pass and with a last shuddering cry, Mycroft arched his back and climaxed, just as Sherlock burst into the room with a shout that became a dry swallow. Flushing in indignation he made a guttural noise of disgust, as he assessed what he was truly seeing before recoiling.
John walked past him, up the walk to the front door.  Sherlock grabbed his bag and hurried along after, catching sight of the last few digits the man punched into the keyless lock at the front door.  The door opened and john walked him into the small foyer to the rather ordinary interior beyond.  Whoever did own the place had an eye for rich woods.  The entire place seemed to gleam with polished walnut and mahogany tones.  It was well tended to.  Far better than his own 221B and he thought that it must be cleaned weekly by staff.  There seemed to be none present at the moment however, as they hung their coats by the door and John went about the ordinary task of showing him the layout of the smaller home, including the room he was to inhabit for the next little while.
Even though the detective cared little for the imaginary friend the religion bowed to, the mockery of it was still acutely irritating.  Moriarty had told him on that roof top, that he was on the side of the angels, when really what he meant was that the detective was not dabbling with demonic forces and therefore could not understandably compare.
She laughed aloud, pulling at her partners coat to keep him from swaying too far off balance and falling into the street. In her attempt to keep the man from certain peril she over-compensated, pulling far too hard, and lost her grip. Fumbling wildly back she slammed into the unsuspecting and distracted veteran who cursed in surprise, as the drunken women fell atop him.
The door to the flat closed and Lestrade leaned back against the wrought iron railing beside the buildings entrance.  He hiked up the collar of his long wool jacket, to protect his neck from the chill on the slight breeze that blew caressingly from the north, and then reached into a pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes.  He pulled one out for himself, sticking it between his lips before he directed the pack toward the other man.  The detective’s cold gaze darted down to the half empty pack and then back up to the inspector, before his thin fingers reached out to pluck a stick of tobacco out for himself.  Lestrade pocketed the pack and retrieved his lighter, cupping his hands about his mouth as he flicked it for a spark.  His cheeks drew in with his breaths, as it lit, and he puffed out his first bit of smoke before passing it off.  Sherlock lit his own smoke, drawing in a long drag that he let settle inside his lungs for a long moment, before releasing it.
“Uh, yes, in fact you did.” He interrupted her, already knowing all of this.  He reminded her of what they had already spoken about, “The one from John and Mary, saying they had moved to…Cyprus, wasn’t it?”
