Sherlock sucked in a sore breath. God, he didn’t want to go over this. Why had he asked Mycroft to come here? He’d want to scrutinize every single detail. What did he think seeing Sherlock a blubbering mess with his landlady/mother figure over a row with his first ever partner? Yet having Mycroft here, standing next to him, his voice soft despite its firm demand, his face showing the caring he so often sought to hide… His aghast shock at Sherlock’s pained state when he’d come in had stripped away that statuesque mask and showed the big brother Sherlock hadn’t dared admit that he’d missed until John forced them to spend time together.
John looked at Sherlock in surprise. Sherlock fought the overwhelming urge to turn away and wiggle his fingers as Mycroft’s words sank in. He hadn’t meant anything by touching John’s shoulder. He had simply reached out automatically without a thought as to why he was doing it. It just happened. Like his urge to smooth out John’s frown lines and his desire for John to keep touching his ankle. It didn’t mean anything. Yet he didn’t have friends, did he? Victor had abandoned him so long ago. Lestrade sort of counted, he supposed, but he wasn’t filled with the urge to touch him. Mrs. Hudson was more like a surrogate mum. John fascinated him, but it went beyond his selkie nature. He liked him, felt comfortable with him. Had been overwhelmed with protective fury when John had been threatened.
Sherlock shook his head, both to reassure John and in an attempt to clear it from the anxious fog that he’d fallen into.
Mycroft’s face pinched, expression going from annoyed to concerned and borderline angry in a second.
Greg nodded. He gripped his knees, fingers grasping at the cloth of his trousers as if wishing that he were holding something else. Or someone.
“Alright. As you now know, Greg and I used to be in a physical relationship. You’ve doubtlessly figured out that he’s the person who I had my bit of an emotional doubt over four years ago.”
“Hello,” John said brightly. “I’m glad to see you again. My car is just outside. Parked a bit illegally. I’m afraid we have to hurry before someone complains.”
Shifting down a bit on the bed, Sherlock tucked his head on John’s upper chest, letting his eyes drift shut as he inhaled a welcome gust of John’s unique scent. If they lied here for long enough, soon his bed would smell of John. What a marvelous thought. John cradled his head, rubbing soft circles onto his scalp. Silence drifted atop them once again. Sherlock’s heart still beat too wildly, but with the gentle rhythm of John’s breath pressing against his cheek, and the soothing touch of his hands, he soon calmed, allowing himself to enjoy the moment without freaking out about it.
Although… Did asking how someone’s trip went count as small talk if they were more than a passing acquaintance? If the person asking genuinely cared about the answer, that must fall outside the parameters of small talk, since that was empty filler. Then again, friends often engaged in small talk, so was Les—Greg’s question still small talk? Either way, the intention was still the most important thing, and Sherlock hadn’t asked about him. But he never did. Greg wouldn’t find anything amiss in it. And so much of it was obvious just from looking at him. He and his spouse were still separated and he wasn’t having a good time of it.
“Oh, stop fretting,” Sherlock said. “I’ve forgiven you for your fib. Although what you see in my brother is beyond me. Then again, you do seem to go for the vainglorious types, don’t you?”
“It’s alright, mate,” Greg said, smiling as he reached the top of the stairs. “I know how impatient you are.”
“I am being honest. I’m not saying I would have done the same thing, but I understand the urge. Besides, I think Sherlock covered the yelling part yesterday.”
“I guess that’s true,” Greg said, tugging on his coat with a lopsided, fond smile that put all sorts of unpleasant mental pictures in Sherlock’s mind. He most certainly did not want to know what his brother and Greg got up to.
“I have. I’m not making an impulsive decision here. I think it’s easier to tell him. And having the British government on my side wouldn’t be a bad thing.”
“Please tell me,” Sherlock said as soon as John popped up behind a bookcase, “that there’s no such thing as magical islands. There’s only so much irrationality I can handle.”
“Yeah, I’ve noticed. While we’re at it, I don’t appreciate the nature of my existence being categorized as irrational.”
“Why? Why would you want to? Do you usually go around saving random humans? And why do have a human house? Do you spend half of your life in the sea and half on land? Is John your real name? Why would a sea creature have a human name?”
It took only a couple of minutes to arrive at John’s residence, a wooden house near the beach. It had probably once belonged to a fisherman, bearing the hallmarks of humble beginnings, although it had been fixed up in recent years. No other houses were close by, meaning that John wished to avoid having neighbors prying into his business. He would have a far easier commute if he lived in town, but a more public existence. The proximity to the ocean was also significant. He enjoyed bathing in the frigid water, even in winter, and there were no nude beaches around for him to indulge himself. Still, there was no need for such an isolated existence simply for that reason.
“Sherlock?” he asked once everyone except Greg and Mrs. Hudson had gone, voice soft. “What’s going on?”
Before Sherlock could put any weight on his left foot, John scooped him up and pushed himself to his feet. Sherlock yelped, instinctively grabbing at his shoulders.
“Sorry for waking you,” John said, scooching forward until they almost touched, but he remained a couple of inches away.
It hadn’t been Mycroft’s original intention to deceive Sherlock for so long. Only for as long as it took Sherlock to trust Greg and continue working with him. Working on the police cases stabilized him more than anything ever had after Victor’s unfortunate departure. Although their relationship had been fracturing before then. Mycroft had been bracing himself for a definite end for some time before Victor decided to make the decisive break to leave the country.
Greg narrowed his eyes. In confusion, not hostility, yet Mycroft didn’t allow himself to relax. Greg might still decide to cut the evening short.
John rewarded him by skipping up to him and sitting up on his front flippers, raising his altered face to Sherlock’s, its long snout making him look like a friendly dog, but Sherlock wasn’t about to tell him that. Instead, he held his hand above John’s head and asked,
“I had to. I needed to eat and I was afraid someone might grab them while I was out. Take a look. I know it’s better to just ask you, but I don’t want to keep hounding you with questions.”
“Hello, Mrs. Hudson,” he said. “My injuries are better. I’m eating and drinking enough water. No, I still don’t know when I’m getting back. How are you on this fine day?”
John sputtered, looking as if the reason why was perfectly obvious. Why were people always so difficult about Sherlock doing rational things?
“Hey, uh. It’s probably too early for this, but it’s getting chilly and I’m having a good time with you. Do you want to, maybe, come back to my flat?” Embarrassed uncertainty entered Greg’s eyes. “Just to keep talking if you want. I don’t want to presume—”
Sherlock almost did, but then he’d have to put too much weight on his right ankle and it would hurt. Asking Mycroft for one more favor today wouldn’t be too horrible, he supposed. He nodded. Mycroft raised his brows in surprise and slipped his arms around Sherlock’s torso to pull him up as Sherlock gripped the crutches at his sides.
Who could have guessed that the silly people claiming that little, magical beings would come after you if you disturbed their trees were correct all along? The ridiculousness of it all was no less disorienting now than yesterday, nor had his buzzing mind calmed one bit, but the terror that had previously gripped him was gradually fading in favor of an unquenchable fascination. He needed data, all of it, everything that John could tell him. everything that he had always scoffed at and refused to consider as real. The study of fantasy and myth had once being irrelevant other than to understand artistic allusions, but his work would suffer if he was blinkered to the true nature of the world around him. The next time that someone came to him with a supposed haunting, he would have to consider that it might be an actual ghost. A hoax was still equally plausible, but that was the thing, wasn’t it? It had gone from being the only possibility to just one option.
He sucked in a breath, lowering his head, eyes shifting this way and that as if grasping at what he wanted to say. Sherlock gripped his violin and bow, unsure what to say or do. He had expected John to be happy, and he was, but he should have seen this coming, should have known that this would dredge up John’s grief at being banished from his home. And he prided himself on always being the smartest person in the room. God, he could be so stupid sometimes.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said. Might as well give in this one time to keep John happy. “Apologies. I’m not much one for…”
“Not here. It will be better to show you than to tell you. We have to go to John’s house first. Only us three. None of your minions can be around. This stays strictly between us.”
Sherlock sat quietly as John cleaned and bandaged his head, studying his face and movements. Quick, efficient, very much a doctor. He looked to be in his forties. Frown and laugh lines wrinkled his face in equal measure, yet Sherlock got the impression that he smiled less than frowned. His eyes were a deep, sky blue, thoughtful and careful as he ensured that Sherlock’s cuts were well-tended before shifting his attention to Sherlock’s very swollen ankle.
“I have been indulging your hypotheticals so far, but please don’t give me hope if you don’t fully intend to follow through.”
“I’m glad you abstained from such an offer today. I can make my way perfectly well on my own, as you can see.”
“I appreciate your offer, truly, but perhaps the fact that we are both so flustered might be a sign that we’re not ready to be face to face yet. I promise you, I will be alright. Just a few more hours and the day will be over, and it will be another regular Monday.”
John’s snores came to a sudden halt. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at the doorway. The ancient floorboards creaked. John was awake.
“I’m not one of those fair-weather friends, John. I don’t use the word lightly. Neither do you, unless my perception is mistaken.”
Indulging another of the forms of touch that he had become so curious about in the last few days, Sherlock hugged John from behind, wrapping his arms firmly around his torso and sinking his face into John’s hair, inhaling his distinctive scent.
Thanks to a lucky chance of good weather, the weekends were dedicated to the outdoors. Once again, Sherlock read in a chair at the shore while John went for a swim, entertaining him with more of his acrobatics before going off on his own. Except this time when he returned, Sherlock didn’t continue sitting when John stretched out by his side. He lied down with him, ignoring the wet sand sticking to his clothes as he pressed himself to John and wrapped an arm around him. John grunted with surprised delight and shifted until they were face to face to give Sherlock wet, fuzzy nuzzles. Sherlock laughed. John’s whiskers tickled. Soon John settled, closing his eyes, long snout pressed to Sherlock’s forehead. They must have been quite the sight cuddled on the sand, a human wrapped around a seal, both in comfortable repose.
“You’re not alone anymore,” Sherlock said. “I may not be a selkie or be able to offer you a place in a clan, but I am your friend. I’m here.”
“Well, because it was a bit of a shock you finding out. I needed some time to get used to it. I’m not just doing this to appease you, okay? I wouldn’t if I wasn’t comfortable with it. Please don’t worry about that.”
John was undressed when he turned around. He stood no less awkwardly than Sherlock did, despite not being fully nude, like he was used to being around Sherlock when he transformed.
“I’ll have a word with him if he does. Mycroft has been allowed to get away with that for far too long.”
“Mycroft, I’m asking you to tell me. It’s okay. Don’t worry about upsetting me or pressuring me or anything. I want to know what you want. Please.”
Yes, they would. Sherlock turned to John, who was looking at Sherlock with acute apprehension, his impassive mask completely eroded by now. He pulled out his mobile and typed a message, which he showed to Sherlock.
“Stop considering so much and just listen to him. John would love to do all sorts of romantic nonsense with me, as well as other things, but I’m not pushing him away. He says he’s happy. He looks happy. I believe him. Sure, I’m a little worried about the sex thing, but like I said. He’s happy. I’m not pushing him away because I think he should find someone more compatible. We’re plenty compatible in other ways. And he doesn’t want to be with anyone else. He wants to be with me. Greg clearly wants to be with you, even if he needs to get his soon to be ex-wife out of his head first. It’s been four years and he still wants to be with you? That’s devotion right there. But you always have to control everything. You know what’s best for everyone else. What they want. What they need. You don’t. Stop being a self-centered arsehole and start listening for a change. And that’s coming from another self-centered arsehole, so you know you’re being a spectacularly pigheaded wanker.”
Sherlock did so. John had stopped moving at Mycroft’s reaction. He turned to Sherlock with an inquisitive bob of his nose, as if asking if it was safe to move now. Sherlock nodded. John inched along the floor, carefully watching Mycroft, but Mycroft didn’t try to run again. He gaped at John, breath heaving in his chest, but not hyperventilating like Sherlock had been. John stopped at Sherlock’s right away from Mycroft, looking between the two of them. Sherlock touched his back, petting him softly without even thinking about it. John leaned into him, propping his front flippers up on the sofa, his right half on Sherlock’s lap. He grunted softly in greeting.
“See?” John said from his armchair, where he was reading a book. “I told you Greg would cave eventually.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head. “You wouldn’t have. Come on. Not knowing he was the killer. We already have all the proof.”
“You can’t control me with my skin,” he said in a stern warning. “If you took it, you would regret it, so don’t even consider it. And no, you don’t owe me a life debt or anything like that. I saved you because I wanted to, that’s all.”
Oh. Right. Of course. Was that it? Was he tired of not having friends and leading a sad, little existence cut away from the world? Well, boo hoo. Why was that Sherlock’s problem? Why couldn’t he just bury himself in his work like Sherlock did?
“Such a person will never exist,” he said. “Fine. I’ll try to keep my pacing to a minimum.” He pointed at Mycroft. “As long as you stop being stupid.”
Sherlock hadn’t been paying as close attention to John’s mood as he should have been, so focused as he’d been on Greg. The lightness in John was of a sort that hadn’t been there earlier. He was happy. Cuddling with Greg had done him a world of good, too. Sherlock hadn’t considered how much John needed to be with someone of his world, someone who could give him those things that Sherlock could not. Although a werewolf couldn’t follow him to the ocean, either, even if John weren’t banished.
“I don’t think I am a good example to follow, but thanks, I guess? I’m just trying to put one foot in front of the other. I’m not sure how good of a job I’m doing at it, though.”
“Sure. Of course. You are Sherlock’s brother, after all. We haven’t spoken much aside from selkie stuff and, well, Sherlock, but I do care. What happens to you, I mean.”
“I’m telling Mrs. Hudson about us,” he said. “I could do a video call. Introduce the two of you. Get it out of the way.”
John wrapped a arm and a leg over Sherlock, burrowing his face into Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock laughed, feeling better.
The bow tilted gracefully in his hand as he stroked it along his violin strings, tender and quick at the required intervals, beguiling solemn music from its depths. The landscape had put him in a melancholy mood, the cold wind cutting past his coat down his collar, icing his neck and hands, but he paid it little heed as he played on. The cliffs of Dover plummeted at his feet, inches from his toes, blinding white in the gloom of a sky as bright as slate, clouds dimming the sun’s rays to a murky hue. Grass slapped his ankles, shivering in the breeze, a counterpoint to Sherlock’s languid tune.
John raised a hand, his lips still in that terse line, and Sherlock flinched, breath freezing in his throat, but John’s next words were gentle.
John looked at him now, properly, eyes wide with confusion, then saddened by understanding. He sighed, a leaden breath, and grabbed Sherlock’s hand again, interlacing their fingers.
The mobile finally rang. Sherlock jumped, startled despite his desperate anticipation. Unknown caller. Local number. Sherlock picked up the phone, staring blearily at the screen, thumb hovering over the green Accept key as Beethoven’s Moonlight Sonata played on.
“It’s not my fault you’re so beguiling,” Sherlock said. “I was wrong in my assessment of you when we first met. Well, not completely wrong. You’re handsome, but not of the sort that would be classified as a great beauty by traditional standards. And yet you are the most beautiful person I have ever seen.”
“I normally wouldn’t say this,” John said, “but I’m enjoying that you’re taller than me. This feels cozy. Having you wrapped around me like this.”
Sherlock peered at the skin. Didn’t humans who possessed a selkie skin have mastery over them? John pulled the skin behind him, guessing Sherlock’s thought.
John’s smile turned hopeful and his voice softened as he tried, and failed, to disguise how much it would please him to hear Sherlock’s violin. Sherlock smiled back.
Sherlock flopped unceremoniously onto the seat, his ankle aching as he pulled it inside, but he refused to let so much as a wince show on his face as he set the crutches beside him. No other minion sat in the car, thank God. Mycroft knew better than to subject him to the grating company of that personal assistant of his who didn’t realize that a world outside of her mobile even existed. He pulled out his own mobile and called John. Mycroft would let him take the call. There was no reason for him not to since Sherlock was on his way, anyway.
Sherlock grinned into John’s chest. John, ecstatic upon hearing that Sherlock had enjoyed Iron Man, was eagerly showing him the rest of the Marvel movies, so Sherlock had a handy catalog to torture Mycroft with. Bombastic action scenes and mainstream humor made his eyes bleed.
Grabbing a fresh roll from his kit, he sat on the sofa, scooching toward Sherlock as he placed his ankle on his lap. Sherlock’s breath stoppered for a second at the position and the warm feel of John’s hands. Were all selkie hands this warm? Was their body temperature higher than a human’s? But if they were distinguishable from humans by their vital signs, their existence would be more apparent.
“But my chances of being a father aren’t great. We covered that. Not unless I started now, alone, but I can’t. Not with my job. I just can’t. So why keep beating that dead horse, huh? Let’s just get rid of it. I officially declare that no longer an obstacle between us. If we decided to renew things, that is. Which I can’t… Fuck, I can’t do right now.”
Mycroft was probably mentally combing through every object that could possibly fit the bill, all of which would be wrong.
Mycroft gave Greg a sleeping tablet to help him rest, then took one himself after an hour’s worth of rolling around in bed produced no reprieve from the turbulent scenarios and glimmers of hope spiraling in his head. The next morning, he made breakfast. He wasn’t a fair hand at cooking like Greg was, so it was a frustrating endeavor of false starts and burnt eggs thrown in the bin, but he managed something edible in the end. Except that he wound up eating his portion alone, for Greg didn’t stir outside his bedroom until nearly noon. Mycroft put down the book that he was only trying to read at the sound of his footsteps on the stairs, and left the sitting room to meet Greg at the bottom of the stairs. He was still in his pajamas, knit, light blue trousers and a white t-shirt, rumpled from the long hours pressed against the bed. He was smoothing down his messy hair, a captivating sight which Mycroft would have enjoyed if Greg’s face weren’t drawn in abject misery and loneliness. There was no need to ask how he was. His hunched posture and dejected “Morning” made it plain.
“It’s so good to see you again,” Mrs. Hudson said as she emerged, all smiles at John, who smiled back. “Poor Sherlock has been so eager for you to get here.”
Sherlock steepled his hands and raised them to his mouth, breathing softly on the tips of his fingers as he considered his situation. He’d have to inform Mrs. Hudson that he wouldn’t be home for a while. He certainly couldn’t leave now. His questions needed answering, and John, this impossible being, was too intriguing to pass up. The terror still burning in his blood melded with an aching fascination as he turned his gaze toward the kitchen and the man heating up a plate in the microwave. Such a commonplace activity. So mundane. So human. To look at him, one would never suspect that he was anything more than what he seemed. A thirty-something doctor with no social life and a passport filled with stamps from all the trips that he couldn’t get enough of. Yet what wonders lied beneath that misleading façade. What unexplored depths of mystery. A new puzzle stood before Sherlock, one that he had never dreamed of being gifted with. He would untangle that puzzle, work at the guarded locks of John Watson until he laid bare the fire that burned in those tenacious eyes and uncover the raw truth that pulsed beneath. Only then would Sherlock be soothed enough to return to London and his work. His mind was a dervish of bewilderment and panic, a dizzying, choking morass sucking him under, and the man who had shoved him into it was his only lifeline for getting out.
John met his eyes, quietly begging for Sherlock to rescue him from his spooky brother. Sherlock tapped the crutch, stalling.
Mycroft explained what had happened that day from when he’d first had John brought to him to when John changed into a sea creature before his disbelieving eyes.
“It means that I don’t experience romantic attraction. I only understand it on a conceptual level, and hardly at that, to be honest. Nor am I interested in romantically-coded activities like anniversaries or Valentine’s Day or giving people flowers. It’s not a judgement on those who enjoy it. I simply don’t. I perceive by your expression that you do enjoy these things.”
“Alright,” Greg said, climbing up the stairs, head lowered in embarrassment, fully deserved. “I’m giving you the case. You win. Just come, please?”
“I changed my mind. Am I to be lectured about that now? John is a doctor. He treated me right after I was almost murdered. We got to talking and found that we enjoy each other’s company. That is all.”
Sherlock turned away to undress, even though it made no sense. John was about to see his body, anyway, and he wouldn’t be exposing any more skin than if he were going for a swim. Yet the act of removing his clothes in John’s bedroom, for the purpose of touching John in his bed, made this so much more intimate and charged. He had to force himself to breathe as more air touched his bare skin with every piece of fabric he removed, his heart loud in his ears again as he gripped his clothes in sweaty hands and folded them up on the bedside table.
“I expect that he’ll be a special kind of surprised this time around,” Sherlock said, covering up the phone microphone.
Sherlock didn’t waste his breath protesting as John carried him into the house and placed him on a tan colored sofa. The interior of the house had been fixed up more than the outside, but was still far from modern. The furniture was a mix of new and old pieces, which didn’t match very well, but it was all clean and organized. A medium-sized flat screen stood against the wall in full view of the sofa, along with a bluray player, both relatively new. Yet against the opposite wall stood a tape deck and a record player. So he liked the older technology, as well. His tape and record collection was stored in the middle shelves of a large bookcase, which was otherwise filled with books, also a mix of old and new. As Sherlock examined his surroundings, John fetched his first aid kit and a glass of water from the kitchen.
The next two years had been the roughest that he’d ever seen Sherlock suffer through. Despite his brother’s repeated protestations that he wouldn’t attempt anything so final again (or that he had even intentionally done so), Mycroft had feared for him. Immensely. It was a miracle that he hadn’t suffered a mental collapse himself from his constant worrying and lack of sleep, on top of a burgeoning career in the ministry. When an “unsolvable” double homicide had caught Sherlock’s attention five years ago and he had hounded the leading detective on the case to let him take a look, that he could solve it after all, and instead of dismissing Sherlock as a nuisance, that detective had listened to him, that had finally been the start of Sherlock’s recovery.
“Are there other werewolves in Scotland Yard?” Sherlock asked. “Please tell me that Anderson isn’t one. There can’t possibly be anything about that man that is remotely interesting.”
“Of course. I’ll call you when I’m on my way. Probably after seven. I don’t think I can get away before then.”
“It’s not like that,” he said. “Or course we’re friends. And yeah, we’re closer now, and you were good about listening to me that time at your flat, but it’s a little awkward talking about this with you.”
“Not so much relationships as relationship.” Sherlock tapped his right thumb against his left. “This is my first. And not the sort that you’re thinking of.”
Greg sighed, looking frustrated and exhausted, as if that would inspire Sherlock to take pity on him.
“I’ve never done this in human form before. It’s going to sound silly. We close our eyes and rub our noses and cheeks together.”
Greg’s legs entered Mycroft’s field of vision. His shoes, oxfords, were scuffed from wear and tear. A long scratch along the tip of his right shoe indicated where it had rubbed against barbed wire. He cleaned them, but not well. At least three different sorts of dirt were nestled between the uppers and the soles, and mud splattered the leather, soft and wrinkled. He’d had them for over a year. Had changed the laces once, two, no three months ago. His trousers were also splashed, small traces of mud clinging to the hems.
“But an appetizer would be faster.” John frowned, concern entering his eyes. “Anyway, it doesn’t matter. I didn’t actually order it.”
“I hope the extra wait wasn’t too boring on your end,” John said. “It was on mine. I finished my book with over forty minutes left on the train. But Sherlock says that he played that composition he’s working on for you. It’s nice, right? I’ve always been interested in selkies and the like. Sherlock’s been indulging me.”
It occurred right after he emerged from said shower, a towel clad around his waist while he dried his hair with another, squeezing out the water as best he could without tangling the curls. John walked into the room and stared, mouth falling open as he looked down Sherlock’s body, quickly, as if on instinct. His eyes sparkled in a way that made Sherlock gasp and recoil. Sherlock had always welcomed John’s admiration and appreciation of his looks, but it had always been chaste, precious and exhilarating. But there was no mistaking the naked and yearning lust in John’s eyes, especially as he focused below Sherlock’s waist. Only for half a second, but it was enough.
“Of course I was. I saw the seal turn into you, which is preposterous. No, you must be a nude bather who happened to be nearby. Although I can’t figure out why my mind melded the two events. Or why I’m still seeing the sealskin there.”
Then had come a display of Greg’s own deductive abilities, even if they were sadly limited to the exceedingly obvious, as everyone’s were.
“Thank you again for the invitation,” Mycroft said, looking at Mrs. Hudson but glancing at Sherlock in the end. “It has been most enjoyable so far.”
He couldn’t bear to see that terrified sorrow on Mycroft’s face again. As much as he couldn’t stand the git at times, he couldn’t be the cause of that.
After dinner, John performed his daily inspection of Sherlock’s injuries, all of which were healing at the expected pace. His cuts had been scabbed over for ages and the swelling in his ankle had lowered significantly. His feet were almost back to being a match, so John sitting on the sofa with Sherlock’s foot in his lap to inspect it might be excessive by now, yet John kept doing it. And Sherlock kept letting him. Not simply letting him. Wanting it. John’s careful fingers probed gently as he remarked cheerfully on Sherlock’s good progress. The words came to Sherlock’s tongue, sudden and unbidden, yet necessary.
“After I get dressed, not before,” he said in a firm command and turned back to the eggs, which he transferred onto two plates. “Hang on,” he said, frowning over his shoulder. “You said she’s a mother figure to you. Is this going to be like meeting your mum? Do I need to make a good impression? I mean, I don’t intend on making a bad impression.”
Sherlock’s knuckles hurt as he gripped the counter. The words had rushed out of him, too fast and unsteady. He’d never admitted to this before. Not even Mycroft had deduced it. and he certainly hadn’t intended to say it now, to a man he had only known for a week, yet John had shared so much of himself with him in that week, had laid himself so bare, so why should Sherlock fear to do the same? He trusted John, was sure that he wouldn’t mock him or dismiss him, a rarity in this world. If John found him ridiculous, he would have revealed his disdain long ago, and would certainly not have let Sherlock’s brother see him without need. Or invited him to stay in his house or pet him until he purred.
“Yes. It was surprisingly easy to converse with him. I won’t discomfort you with details about our other activities. Suffice it to say that I enjoyed his company very much. What I had hoped to keep short became a much longer connection. We went on more dates and kept in steady communication. He’s a generous, loving man. I cannot satisfy all his emotional desires. My dislike of children is another barrier between us. He wanted a committed relationship from me. I wasn’t sure that it would be a good idea. The children were a deal breaker, it turned out. I always made it clear that he was free to pursue amorous companionship elsewhere and sever our relationship if he found someone more compatible.”
John paused for Mrs. Hudson to respond, but she only peered between the two of them with a shrewd, “come off it” expression on her face, like they were being insufferably dense.
“The next thing I remember is waking up in hospital. He sat in one of those uncomfortable chairs next to me. He didn’t yell. Didn’t say how disappointed he was. I couldn’t even see disappointment in his face, though I’m sure he must have been feeling it. He said that he didn’t think that I had been trying to kill myself, but I could see that he wasn’t sure. I apologized, told him that I made a mistake. That I would go to rehab. Stay clean. And I have stayed clean. I’ve wanted to use, but I haven’t.”
“How did you…” Sherlock stammered, pointing between John and the empty skin lying in a pile beside him. “I don’t understand. This can’t be possible.”
“Oh, for God’s sake. Fine, then. In exchange, I’ll refrain from pointing out that your stature is gigantic relative to that of my people.”
The doorbell rang. Sherlock jerked, ignoring the podcast to listen for Mrs. Hudson opening the front door and letting Greg in. They exchanged a short greeting, the usual small talk, then Greg began coming upstairs. Sherlock turned off the podcast, but he remained lying down. He didn’t want Greg to know how expectantly he’d been waiting for him or make it seem like he was nervous, which he was not. Mycroft was wrong. As was Mrs. Hudson, when he told her. And John, who he’d exchanged a sadly short text conversation with earlier. He felt eager anticipation, not nerves. Greg knocked before stepping inside. Sherlock had left the door open a crack to indicate that he could come straight in.
“Rather well. She asked what the terms meant. I explained. She hugged me. Then she went online and bought me aro and ace flags.”
“Well, you didn’t just stop sweating,” Greg said, grinning, not seeming to notice the awkwardness of Mycroft’s comment at all. “And you sounded a little out of breath on the phone. I am a detective, you know. Seriously, how do you and Sherlock think I got this job? I’m observant, too.”
“I think so, too. Finally someone is getting through to him. Every time I try telling him that he shouldn’t say nasty things, he insults me.”
“I think so. You’re the better judge of what you’re feeling, not me, but I’d say yes. It was beautiful. If that’s how you feel when you listen to me, I’m humbled.” John’s voice wavered around sudden emotion. He glanced away, his smile turning bittersweet, grief shinning in his moistening eyes. “It makes me a bit homesick, actually.”
He hung up and pulled up the newspaper articles of his last case. Lestrade’s name had been mentioned in them.
“I’d still like to remain friends,” he said. “I know everyone says that just to be polite, but I mean it. We were always kind of a friends with benefits situation, so why not keep the friends part? I don’t want to completely lose you. Would that work for you or would it be too much?”
Hang on. Mycroft hadn’t spoken up in ages. Bugger it all. He was letting Sherlock work himself up into a strop so that he’d spill all the thoughts wiping around in his skull without hiding anything.
As a teenager, Mycroft grew increasingly tired of his brother’s antics. Yet now, viewing the tapes that he had copied from their parents’ originals, he couldn’t help but smile at the curious child playing in the sand, using plastic buckets and shovels to build a small facsimile of one of the castles that they had visited the week before, so studious in his detail work, even if they were appalling by adult standards. His piping voice asked Mycroft to come help him. The camera panned to Mycroft, who sat on a towel reading a book and ignoring everyone as much as possible. In a few minutes, he would be off to walk alone and get away. Mummy sat on another towel next to him. They were both shaded by a broad, blue and white striped beach umbrella thrust into the sand.
He places the baby monitor on the nightstand before stripping down to his underwear and t-shirt, under Sherlock’s observant gaze. There’s no embarrassment, on either side, everything happens so automatically that one would think it is nothing but routine. The way John sneaks under the duvet, next to Sherlock, glancing at him and whispering a soft “come here”. The way Sherlock, after pulling his shirt down, shifts closer to John until they’re only inches apart, staring at each other for a second that feels like much longer, grey-blue eyes in dark green ones, two bare souls in a miserable moment of their lives. The way Sherlock’s head finds its perfect spot on John’s chest as he feels John’s arm pull him closer.
John has gone out some time ago, and from the keys lying on the kitchen table Sherlock deduces John has also come back home. The detective immediately feels the urge to tell his friend the solution of the case they’d been investigating earlier that day, and without thinking twice about it, he walks upstairs, his steps heavy and loud. He bursts John’s bedroom door open, only to find the doctor sound asleep with his head sunk in the pillow.
“I must say, it was a pleasant surprise to find out you’re alive,” she says, her hands lingering on him way more than necessary. His own hands start sweating, but he doesn’t let it show, even as he begins to wonder why exactly he thought meeting the Woman would be a good idea.
Sherlock doesn’t complain. He’s loving every second of it, every single instant in which his hand is held by John’s and their arms are around each other and their eyes meet.
Then, unprompted, Sherlock tells Irene how he plans to surprise Mrs Hudson, just walking into Baker Street and hoping she won’t have a heart attack. For Molly he thinks of something more subtle, like waiting for her in her lab hidden in silence until she notices him. Graham then, he always parks his car in that dark sinister underground car park, Sherlock could just hide there and suddenly walk out the shadow. He really can’t resist a touch of dramatic. And Mycroft… well, Mycroft will know when Sherlock is back in London.
“I was already thinking of moving back to Baker Street, you know,” John whispers when they part after a while, drying his tears with the back of his hand. “This is Mary’s flat… I don’t want to live here without her.”
Dating Janine is much easier in the beginning, when all he needs to do is play nice and pretend to be interested in whatever she’s saying about herself. Dating women is incredibly dull, he thinks while Janine speaks and he withdraws into his mind palace to perfect the details for his Magnussen plan.
Although this was mainly about showing family to Eurus, Sherlock figured it would be a good occasion for Mycroft as well, who eventually did join the gathering. Sherlock secretly keeps an eye on his brother, studying his interactions. As foreseen, Mycroft seems to particularly enjoy Lestrade’s company, evidence supported by the ridiculous amount of time the two men spend discussing politics, among other topics. Such a scene makes Sherlock smile fondly – it’s about time his brother found himself a goldfish.
And he does know. He knows he can count on people, on his friends. He thinks he needs to have a talk with Mycroft, one day, talk to him about this recent discovery of his – the advantages of caring. Not that Mycroft would understand.
Once again, Sherlock decides to trust Mary. She saved his life, twice. He has no reason not to trust her.
Ten minutes later, John approaches his inappropriate flatmate in the kitchen. “For your information, it is not okay to come in the bathroom while your flatmate is having a shower!”
He can see it all in his head now. He can see the joy in John’s eyes as he sees Sherlock isn’t dead. John’s probably going to laugh, shaking his head. “You cock!” John is going to exclaim, before throwing his arms around Sherlock and squeezing him so hard that Sherlock forgets he’s ever been away from home.
It takes him ten minutes to convince the guards that he needs to enter her cell, that he needs to go beyond the glass, and that no, she isn’t going to hurt him. Two armed guards take him there, the door to her cell is as thick as the one in the Tower of London, the one that gives access to the Royal jewellery.
Wrong decision, dangerous territory, his mind keeps repeating even that same evening, as he takes the underground and then walks to that address, only to discover it is a block of flats. Squared, dark grey, typical communist architecture.
“With my best friend of seven years, I was going to say… but yes, with a man too,” John says, as he softly strokes Sherlock’s cheek and prepares to kiss him again. “We’ll take it slowly.”
When Sherlock escorts Eurus back to the helicopter that will take her back to Sherrinford, she finally says the first words of the day.
Suddenly, the Woman isn’t dangerous anymore at all, she’s exactly what he was looking for. Human contact. It’s right there, in her eyes, this very basic need he was craving like oxygen. She’s been craving it too.
John’s eyes travel beyond his screen to look at Sherlock, at the way the light from his laptop is almost reflected on his pale face.
“Okay, you made me say I love you, you had to, to save my life, fine!” She’s yelling now, her cheeks flushed red. “But what
Sherlock’s eyes go wide at the sight of the small, bendable chess board, as he feels his mind come to life again. If he could actually move, he’d probably be grabbing her head and kissing her forehead right now.
It’s still night when he wakes up, his body surrounded by a nice kind of warmth that is much stronger on his side. As he opens his eyes, he understands why. He’s lying on his back, and John is pressed against his side, his arm loosely across Sherlock’s stomach, John’s leg bent over Sherlock’s, John’s head on the pillow, so close to the detective that he can feel John’s breath against his neck.
Sherlock texts Janine, sets a date and then another, with the purpose of tricking her into trusting him, so that walking into Magnussen’s office would be a piece of cake.
“No, everyone draws the line at something, and this is my point… you put pants on or I’m going back to my room.”
“I, er… I don’t know… there are no rules, we just do us,” is John’s attempt at an answer. The doctor leans forward trying to resume the kiss, but this time Sherlock avoids him.
Sherlock doesn’t understand, it’s hardly anyone’s fault if he can’t sleep. “My mind is set on this experiment now. I can’t just drop it and do something else,” he explains.
He tries to be nicer to John, when he can. He makes tea the evening they get home from the case, and fills two cups instead of one. John is sitting at the table in the living room, typing something on his laptop.
“Fine,” Mycroft says. “But this is a massive liability for the government, so I request the presence of two armed men with you at all times, in case something goes wrong.”
He grins when she squeezes back. “Plus, you know, I’ve been told I follow a reckless lifestyle… do feel free to take a bullet for me at any time, and then we’ll be even,” he adds.
I love you. You changed my life. I am lost without you. You were the best friend I could possibly ask for. Your friendship has made me a better man. I’ll think of you every day until the day I die. You are my whole world. I love you.
John snickers dryly. “You know you hit rock bottom when Sherlock Holmes starts giving you relationship advice.”
John is standing there, behind Mary, his arms hanging at his sides, his lips crooked up in a little smile. He looks around and Sherlock expects him to go for a bro hug, the one with no actual body contact and a pat on the back, like the one they shared at the wedding, but no. John envelops him in a tight embrace, relieved that, once again, Sherlock is back into his life.
Among all the pictures there’s one with all five of them, shot in the garden on a nice summer day. The colours aren’t bright anymore, they probably never were, and time has added a layer of sepia to the tones, but Sherlock finds it beautiful.
It feels as if the whole world has crashed onto him as he understands what she’s referring to. She’s heard what Mycroft said.
“Of course I was told,” Sherlock says, clenching his jaw but trying to keep calm at the same time. He was told the moment he woke up from the first surgery. He decided not to share it with anyone, not even with John, there was no reason to furtherly make him worry. But of course,
Lestrade smiles warmly. “You can say something about what makes John special, why he’s your best friend… in your own words, you know. Maybe say something nice about Mary too.”
“Oh,” is all John can utter, completely taken by surprise. “So she didn’t come here to hurt you, or threaten you, or use you to get to me?”
Sherlock is thankful that Mary’s speech seems to have taken a different turn than he dreaded. The last thing John needs right now is to learn about Sherlock’s secret feelings.
Little premise: like many of you I didn't particularly like TFP, there were too many things that didn't make sense. So no, this chapter doesn't actually deal with TFP, you're not going to read about how John and Sherlock jumped out of a window to escape an explosion and didn't even sprain an ankle (?), or how the chain around John's foot magically dissolved the moment he was thrown a rope (??), or how Eurus managed to build a prison-like room in the garden of an old mansion and drag Sherlock's unconscious body into it (after chaining John to the bottom of the well) (???).
They form thoughts and put them into words and then pronounce them. Questions, answers. Whole sentences, monosyllables.
At some point, among the photos of Sherlock’s graduation from university, an odd one pops out. It’s from Rosie’s Christening. Sherlock remembers his parents asking for a copy of that photo, but he doesn’t know how it ended up in there.
Janine seems to disagree. When he walks her home after their third date, she grabs his face with both hands and pulls him in for a real kiss. It’s not completely repulsive, but not neutral either. Definitely not sweet, unlike the kisses he shared with Irene. The only thing Sherlock can do is kiss back, his eyes closed, reminding himself there’s a purpose, he’s enduring all of this for a purpose – Magnussen.
Sherlock laughs. He could have rolled his eyes, or remarked that she had misunderstood the meaning, but he laughs.
Once the detective made sure John’s in the correct position, the actual lesson starts. First, the box, then the counts. Sherlock remains on John’s side but a step in front of him, so that John can watch what he’s doing and mimic it. Sherlock counts aloud at first, slowly, punctuating each time so that John properly associates it with a step.
“I forgive you,” Sherlock murmurs. Then, he hugs John again, wrapping his arms around his waist. This time it’s Sherlock who’s hunched over John, resting his chin on his shoulder, while John laces his arms around the detective’s neck, still weeping.
A second later, John lays his hand on his flatmate’s shoulder, softly,  barely squeezing. Sherlock feels the warmth of it, he can’t see it but he could trace its contours, the palm, the fingers splayed open, the thumb on his bicep, and then he feels it travel upwards. He presses his lips together, suppressing a gasp as John’s hand lands in his hair, stroking gently.
John’s hands closed around Sherlock’s own. Warm, caring eyes greeted Sherlock when he dared to look up.
“I take it by your reactions,” Mycroft continued, “that this object mustn’t fall into the wrong hands. Is it incriminating?”
“Why shouldn’t I stay in contact with him? He’s been treating my wounds. Aren’t you always on my case about not getting proper medical attention? You should be happy.”
“Oh, no. Far from it. He’s not like me at all. He’s average. Well, a bit above average or he wouldn’t be interesting to me, but not unlike you. He also misses incredibly obvious details. Honestly, I have no idea how the rest of you get on.”
“I appreciate that you’re worried about me. Really, I do. But I’m coping. I just need some time, okay? I’ll be fine.”
“All the siblings I know tease each other. Me and Harry were always at each others’ throats. We drove our parents round the bend.” John tensed under Sherlock. “But maybe we’re not the best example.”
He awoke to a horrifying nausea that he hadn’t experienced since his uni days, and a pounding headache made worse by the shrieking of his phone’s morning alarm. He nearly fell to the floor in his haste to snatch the offending machine from the table where he’d dropped it. It took three jerky swipes at the screen to get the miserable device to shut up. He sank to the floor, moaning in pain. For the first time ever, he went to work with a blistering hangover, medicated to the gills with paracetamol and a constant glass of water in his hand. He hoped that his miserable mood that day was due only to the grievous imbalance in his body and not to the depressing phone call that he’d received the day before.
Mycroft turned to Sherlock again, this time getting in his line of sight and demanding to be acknowledged.
Greg clung to him even more tightly as he spoke. It took a long while for his sobs to lessen and fade into exhausted inhales. He loosened his grip, yet remained on Mycroft’s shoulder for a bit longer.
“I’ve had sex and cuddled some people, but it’s been a while. But this. Face nuzzling. I’ve never done it with a human before. It’s like getting part of myself back.”
“Don’t be silly, John. As your friend, I am obligated. I warn you, though, I often don’t say the right thing, don’t know how to handle others’ needs, and I’m told that I’m incredibly selfish. I may give off the appearance that I don’t care, but I do. I do try, though I often fail.”
“But that’s half the fun. You enjoyed it last time, didn’t you? God, I wish I’d skipped going to Greg’s office and come straight here. Greg’s case was rubbish, anyway. You enjoyed it, didn’t you? It’s so much fun to upbraid him. He gets all skittish and doesn’t know what to do with himself. You should have seen him on Monday. Gaping at me like a fish. I haven’t seen Mycroft speechless in ages. I should have taken a picture. Damn it, there’s a missed opportunity. I could have had it framed over the mantelpiece for him to look at every time that he stopped by.”
“Here,” he said, handing John the phone. “Pick whatever you like. It’s on the house. I’ll text the owner our order so they’ll have it ready as soon as possible.”
John protested that he would do a rubbish job at reading Hamlet, especially if he had to act out the parts, but Sherlock disagreed. Curled up on the sofa with his head in John’s lap, John struggling to infuse the proper, somber gravitas to the voice of Hamlet’s murdered father, Sherlock was perfectly content. That night, when John announced his intention to go to bed, Sherlock finally mustered the courage to ask.
John scuttled forward. Mycroft jumped up, seeking to flee. Sherlock grabbed his right wrist, halting him in his tracks.
In his meandering down the corridor, Mycroft had strayed into his home study. He stopped in front of a photograph hanging on the wall opposite his desk. Sherlock smiled in the sun holding up a diploma, the last one he had ever received. He finished his Masters with honors, but couldn’t manage to do more than a year of doctoral course work. Still, it had been a proud day, a rare occasion when Sherlock had been happy and mostly amenable. He had even been sober from his unfortunate addiction. Three whole months of limping back to health. Before Victor left and Sherlock disintegrated once more.
? A fuck up. That’s what he was. Never mind his intellect or his knowledge or his bloody research into 243 types of tobacco powder. He would always fuck up. Always disappoint people. Always.
“I think I better tell Greg that I know,” Mrs. Hudson said, shaking her head, but never mind her disapproval. “Now where did I leave my phone?”
“Preferably. But I haven’t wanted to leave. I wanted to stay with you. I haven’t had a friend, a true friend, someone who I can open myself up to in so long. I’m being more open with you now than I have been with anyone.”
It was never going to just be ice cream. Ordering their favorite flavors at the shop turned into walking in Hyde’s Park, which turned into a surprisingly riveting conversation of their university days and embarrassing mistakes they had made early on in their careers. Mycroft shocked himself by revealing how he had spilled wine all over a baroness’s dress and tried to get back in her good graces by sending her a gift basket, of all things. Which included chocolates with a type of nut that she was deathly allergic to. He had never been so careless with details again. Greg had laughed so hard at the anecdote that he’d nearly dropped what was left of his ice cream cone. A dollop of vanilla was smeared on his bottom lip. Mycroft had spent the last ten minutes picturing himself licking that dollop clean off, following his ministration with a deep, long kiss.
“You’re still upset over last night, aren’t you?” John asked, his tone as soft as the hands brushing Sherlock’s hair.
“Right.” John scrunched his brow for a second. “Sorry. I don’t mean to criticize. It’s your home. You can arrange it however you want, of course.” He paused upon seeing the skull.
“I wouldn’t have,” John said, horrified at the idea. “Not without knowing if you would have welcomed it. I wasn’t even thinking of that.”
“Visiting his house was weird and awkward. Mycroft has always been simple. Now he’s difficult and complicated. I don’t know what the rules are with him anymore. Am I not allowed to insult him now? That’s too much to ask. I can’t do it.”
“Please sit down,” Mycroft said. “You shouldn’t be standing for so long with that sprained ankle. Which you didn’t even deign to inform me of.”
“I don’t see how she could,” John said. “She’s human as far as I can tell. We haven’t done or said anything suspicious around her, and most humans don’t automatically think ‘selkie’ when they find animal hair on the floor. She probably thinks it’s something else.”
He grinned. John met it readily with a grin of his own that brightened his whole face. His pretty, kind, captivating face.
The wrap up of the case was eternal. Sherlock stayed while John gave his statement to not have a mismatch in their stories later on, and was obliged to ride in the back of Gregson’s car. Apparently, Gregson felt bad that Sherlock had almost gotten himself killed by both a man and a seal, and insisted on seeing him safely to his hotel. John provided him with some crutches to hobble with, still looking insufferably guilty. Much better than carrying him, Sherlock supposed. It would have been much too embarrassing to suffer that indignity in front of Gregson and his officers. Yet John still insisted on helping him into Gregson’s car, arranging his ankle comfortably on the seat.
“I’m sure Greg is very appreciative of that as well,” Mycroft said. “But levity aside, I am glad that you’re not so ill disposed towards me.”
It withered as soon as Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him, but Sherlock nodded. They sat down, Sherlock and John on the sofa with Greg across from them on the desk chair. John’s thigh pressed against his own, his hand a comforting weight on his knee. As Greg spoke, Sherlock began to loosen up and banish his treacherous brother from his mind to focus on what Greg was saying. Soon, he was asking him a plethora of specific questions, all of which Greg answered without complaining about Sherlock being too intrusive or demanding. Mycroft only interrupted them once by texting Greg, who sent off a quick reply. Whatever he said convinced Mycroft to stay quiet for the rest of the visit.
“Werewolves are also stricter about fairness,” Mrs. Hudson said. “I’ve had to listen to quite a few rants about human nepotism and discrimination.”
“Sorry. But it worked, didn’t it? I don’t think you two getting into a row is the best thing right now, even though it seems like that’s just how you interact. Mycroft, it’s no use denying that you’re scared. On top of the things that Sherlock mentioned, I could smell it. I have far better senses than you in seal form. You’re not going to fool me. And it’s fine. It’s going to take you some time to process. Sherlock did.”
Pausing the movie, Mycroft placed his hands on Greg’s shoulders and drew Greg to him. He came eagerly, folding his legs under him to half curl onto Mycroft, burying his head in the curve of Mycroft’s neck and shoulder, wrapping his arms fiercely around him. His tears soaked through Mycroft’s shirt. Mycroft shut his eyes, his own breath hitching at the palpable sensation of Greg’s pain. He mentally cursed Susan into oblivion. His right hand rose automatically, seeking Greg’s hair, to dig his fingers in its softness and stroke him like he had done so many times before. Nothing had ever soothed Greg as much as Mycroft rubbing his hair. Yet it felt too intimate, even now. Too close to what they had once been yet would never be again. Mycroft couldn’t take that liberty, especially not when Greg was pining for someone else. He dropped his hand, rubbing Greg’s back instead, murmuring that everything would be alright.
“I was surprised by the revelation, but no, we did not have a row. We did have a long discussion, but about something completely different. Would it be possible for you to contain your curiosity until tomorrow? I don’t have the energy to talk about it right now.”
“It’s not a problem. I sleep in seal form half the time, anyway, and I can do that on the floor. It’s more comfortable than it sounds. Much more than napping on rocky shoals, which I’m used to.”
“For fuck’s sake.” The man sank back, frustration oozing from every pore. “You are absolutely impossible. Why can’t you just trust the evidence of your own eyes?”
“It’s okay,” he told Greg. “There’s no point trying to lie about it now. Sherlock knows about me, anyway. I told him all about it.”
“My sentiments exactly,” John murmured. He curled his arm even more tightly around Sherlock’s middle. “Do we really have to get up now?”
“I caught her on the phone with him. I had gone out to get groceries but forgot the list, so I came back sooner than she expected. She hung up before I could hear anything, but did that thing where she pretended that she was talking to someone else before she did. But I heard her tone change, just for a second, from when I came in the house. And she looked guilty as sin. She thought she could lie to me and get away with it. Christ.” Greg dropped his head in his hands. “She has been getting away with it for two months. Two fucking months. I confronted her. Wouldn’t let it go until she finally caved. I don’t want to go over everything we shouted at each other, but it was bad. She said I’m not around enough. That I’m not trying hard enough with the fertility treatments. That I’m always at work. She married a cop. What did she expect? I mean, I try to be home as much as I can. I do. But I don’t have a nine to five job. I just don’t. Then she complained that I’m not ambitious enough. That if I went up in the ranks, had more authority, I could control my hours more. She’s always known I’m not interested in becoming captain or anything like that. I’m happy where I am. I don’t need to deal with more political bollocks that I already do. And I am trying with the treatments. Where the fuck does she get off saying that? And how is any of that justification for her fucking her trainer at the club? How? What, is he going to get her pregnant? I’m not the one with the fucking problem. God.”
“What kind of relationship do you want?” John asked. “You said earlier that you’d like to go beyond your culture’s definition of ‘friend’, but we didn’t go into that.”
“That’s alright, Mrs. Hudson,” John said, all charm and smiles as he stood up. “It’s been wonderful having the time to know you better. And Sherlock through your stories. I’d love to have another chat before I leave tomorrow.”
“Did we tire you out?” Greg asked as he came back into the sitting room, buttoning up his shirt. He looked much more relaxed than the last time that he’d been human shaped.
With another reassuring look at John, Sherlock started hobbling towards the door. Mycroft glanced at Sherlock’s ankle. He wanted to protest that Sherlock shouldn’t strain himself, that he should stay here while he had John moved to another room, but Sherlock only hurried his pace, almost plowing through him as he opened his mouth.
Sherlock rubbed his eyes. Could Mycroft consider it? Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains must be the truth. But what if nothing remained? John was right. Mycroft wouldn’t be able to put such a mental tease out of his mind, not when it was about Sherlock. There wasn’t even legwork involved. He could sit placidly in his armchair at the Diogenes Club turning over the puzzle in his mind, teasing out theories, each growing wilder as the previous one had to be discarded. Would he, desperate and out of ideas, allow himself to hypothesize beyond the realm of seeming possibility?
At this point it is clear for Sherlock what John is referring to. He looks down, concerned, suddenly feeling ashamed and exposed, as if he’d just revealed a deep secret.
He takes her hand and they get up together. She has a grin that covers her whole face, and he can’t help mirroring her, as usual.
“You utter cock,” John whispers, a barely audible quiver in his voice that makes Sherlock’s eyes wet up.
Before actually seeing John appearing in the living room, all Sherlock could do was wondering why the change of mind, what brought him here for the night when Mrs Hudson would have been a much more obvious choice. However, the moment Sherlock’s gaze lands on John, all he manages to focus on is Rosie, sound asleep on her dad’s shoulder, her golden curls now long enough to cover part of her forehead.
In a last, desperate attempt at willing himself through sex, he thinks of John. It’s John’s mouth on his, not Janine’s. It’s John naked in the tub with him. It’s John’s hand that is traveling lower and lower and…
After months of silence on the topic and years of denial, John has decided to kiss him, and oh, wasn’t it pure perfection. Sherlock has kissed before, but none of it was like this, this powerful and overwhelming and utterly flawless.
A laughter erupts from John’s chest, because this is definitely the least smooth start he’s ever experienced, but then again, this is Sherlock. Of course things would be different.
Wiggins finds Sherlock on the sofa, curled up on himself, his own hand in his hair, murmuring apologies to the air.
“I’m relieved to see you’re not wearing your birthday suit tonight,” Sherlock says after quickly glancing up and down her body.
John’s lips are always so soft. Sherlock leans into the touch for the whole second it lasts, silently grieving it when it’s over and John walks away.
Sherlock frowns, and John clears his throat, ready to continue. “I was so focused on my own pain that I forgot about yours… and you would think that I, of all people, should remember what losing a friend feels like.”
“Molly…” he whispers, taking a step closer, wishing he could lay a hand on her shoulder. The creak of his shoes on the smooth floor gives his movements away.
With a shy movement she rests her open hand above the recent picture. “Family,” she repeats more firmly.
It is the opposite scenario that seems to be cause for concern. The idea of losing control, of feeling his mind shut down even momentarily. That alarms him.
Then, he lifts the sheet with the purpose of sneaking under it. What he doesn’t expect is for it to fly a bit more than intended, thus revealing Sherlock’s evident and utter lack of clothing.
John’s fingers are soft in his hair, playing with his dark curls, twisting some strands around the fingertips. His pads massage Sherlock’s scalp, from his nape up until they’re barely grazing his forehead, and then down again.
Day after day, Sherlock grows fond of her, helps her with the wedding. Most times John is there too, but it happens once or twice that it’s just Mary and Sherlock, and he enjoys it. She takes him by the arm when they stroll around the city looking for the perfect florist.
“Sit down, I need to check your ankle. You might need to go to the hospital,” John says as they enter the lounge.
Not that John cares about the room, or a potential dog, or dinner dates. He has finally made peace with himself, and found the strength in his heart to let himself be happy again. And he is, now, happy, in Baker Street, with his daughter asleep upstairs and Sherlock Holmes all tall and brainy and adorable in his lap.
“Because you seem…” Repulsed, disgusted, Sherlock wants to say, but doesn’t. “Uncomfortable… you said you need time…”
Sherlock’s heart is racing, beating against his ribcage as if it was trying to escape. Mary’s dead, and John, oh, John, Sherlock can only imagine how much pain John is in right now. Sherlock tried to reach for him, to hold him and be held by him, but John stopped him and hissed all of his hate.
John does, kneeling in front of him. He removes Sherlock’s shoe and sock with care, holding his foot up with an hand under the detective’s inquisitive gaze. John is relieved to notice the swelling is minor, confirming his initial hypothesis that it’s just a sprain.
A part of him wants to shut up about it, pretend he never formulated any hypothesis on the fact, but the other part simply craves the truth. His heart is hammering in his chest, his hands are sweaty and cold at the same time, and his mouth is dry as if he hadn’t just finished a cup of tea.
She nods, chewing on another chip. “My favourite was the chippy in Holborn, right behind the tube station.”
“Do you want to see them again?” he whispers, and John has to swallow back a chuckle. He doesn’t want to
Sherlock’s lips curl up in a provocative smile. “Oh, but what’s the fun for you if I tell you all the details? This way you can entertain yourself figuring out where I am.”
Sherlock studies the tiny human being in Mary’s arms. Approximately 50 cm of length. No hair, or too light to see in the dark. Eye colour unknown. Mary’s lips.
A wave of relief surges over Sherlock when John nods, seemingly convinced of the answer. There may come a time in which Sherlock decides to
“Hi Rosie,” he says, beaming as he finally gets to pick her up. He holds her close and so tight that he’s almost afraid to be hurting her. “Do you remember me?”
It’s a rare event that Sherlock finds himself speechless, but here, in this precise moment, reading John’s intentions, he does. The moment he shakes his head, John closes the distance between them and Sherlock is being wrapped in a hug without even realising it.
Sherlock can’t deny how bittersweet the whole situation is. It’s the first contact he has with John since he came back to London. He never even got the hug he’d dreamed of. His only hope was the stag night, last weekend – being known for toning down people’s inhibitions, Sherlock counted on alcohol to get John to embrace him. It didn’t happen. He got a knee touch, if he recalls correctly, his own memories are a bit clouded.
However, John hears now that the final notes are playing, and he slowly dips Sherlock down just in time, while the detective positions his body so that they’re directly face to face.
From that evening, an unspoken code is created between the two of them. Chair means leave me alone. Sofa means please join me.
“I saved her life because I am a decent human being, contrary to popular belief, and she had done nothing to deserve her death,” Sherlock says. “The other two… I suppose I can say I text her because she’s a friend.”
“What the fuck are you doing?!” John yells from behind the shower curtain when he hears the door opening.
It’s so hard to divorce emotions when a part of his mind is screaming to go with the flow. To let himself be lulled by John’s fingers and by the waves of shivers they are causing along his spine.
He used to suffer from chronic insomnia when he was younger. Entire nights spent looking down his microscope, or playing the violin, or carrying out the most unlikely experiments. When he was on a case he never slept at all, for days even. Now he’s tired, incredibly so, every night. So many hours spent unconscious, time he could spend elsewhere, exercising his mind, that he instead spends in his warm bed. It doesn’t even bother him anymore. Perhaps there is a finite number of experiments one can focus on at night. Or perhaps there are more important things in his life now, that are worth losing sleep for.
“So you said nothing is going to change,” he says after a second of silence. Now that the long term effects are sorted out, he needs to understand how their relationship is going to work on a daily basis while John figures himself out, and possibly afterwards, should the outcome be unfavourable.
It’s just a second, though. Sherlock has barely time to blink that he’s facing once again Mycroft’s polite smile, the one he reserves for every occasion. The only smile he’s capable of, really, together with the patronising one he only reserves for his little brother.
The steps approach his room, and John walks inside, one hand still on the door handle, the other one carrying his laptop.
There’s something in Mary Morstan that Sherlock can’t define, she’s different from everyone he’s met before.
John has no intention of leaving this time, though. He takes a second to think about something he could say, or even better, do. He remembers when years ago he was much closer to his sister, and a couple of times, when their mother wasn’t home and Harry was upset for some reason, she would rest her head on a pillow on her brother’s lap and he would stroke her hair.
Suddenly the words in front of him blur, and he blinks. John kissed his cheek. John kissed him. It was so quick, so light, so unexpected that Sherlock would be sure he imagined it if it wasn’t for that now familiar sense of warmth spreading in his stomach.
He misses John like the oxygen he needs to breathe. He’s lost count of all the texts he typed on his phone and then deleted before he pressed Send.
Sherlock blinks again, retiring for a moment in his mind palace in search for memories he thought he deleted a long time ago.
So human, to miss one’s mother, he thinks. The Woman, the Dominatrix, the woman who beat him, is nothing but a human being.
John reaches for Sherlock with his hand, and Sherlock takes it immediately,  intertwining their fingers together and squeezing as he sits next to John on the sofa.
For a moment, Mary stares at her webcam in silence. Sherlock’s eyes are focused on John, observing the wrinkle on his forehead and the tears pooled above his lower eyelids. Sherlock squeezes his hand even tighter, showing him he’s there for him. As an answer, the edge of John’s lip crooks up in a thankful smile.
As he finishes speaking, he lays down on his side, facing away from John, making sure all of his body is covered and hidden beneath the thin white sheet, protected from his flatmate’s inquisitive, concerned gaze.
He doesn’t want John to know what he’s been through in the two years he’s been away from London, they never talked about it before, and Sherlock has no intention of starting now. He doesn’t want John to know how lonely he was, how much he missed home, all the dangers he’s been through. He doesn’t want John to know that he was captured and tortured for two days, and that he’d probably still be there if Mycroft hadn’t reached him in time.
“PS: I know you two, and if I’m gone I know what you could become, because I know who you really are…”
They’re standing in the middle of their living room, facing each other. Sherlock observes his flatmate, trying to understand what is going on in his mind. He can perceive that something’s about to happen, it’s right there, lingering in the air, it’s in John’s eyes and in the way he bites his lower lip to cover up an emerging smile.
“I would like to inform you that you can add me at the bottom of the list of people who can babysit Rosamund,” Mycroft said that same day, just as he was leaving.
“Exactly,” John said. “Besides, if Mycroft is so much more observant than you, how come he didn’t notice either?”
“I’ll talk to you soon, okay?” he said, waiting for Mycroft to nod and reply, “Okay” before turning away and leaving the room.
But it did have to eventually, alas. Mrs. Hudson had left shortly after Greg’s arrival for her weekly gaming meetup, but she would be back by three, and it would be best to avoid shocking her by having a seal and a wolf in the flat. So after too short of a time playing on the floor, both shapeshifters went away to change back, leaving Sherlock sighing wistfully on the floor even as a buzz of enjoyment lingered in his body. He hopped onto his feet, stretching his legs around the room, then lied down on the sofa, curling into a pleasant ball. He was ready for a nap.
Sherlock put the phone away. Lestrade knew better than to try to continue the conversation past that point.
The rate of fantasizing about touching his companion only intensified as their conversation continued. He was sure that he should not be contemplating asking Greg to go to his house, but god, did he want to. But he mustn’t, so he bit his tongue until the very last moment, when Greg took the initiative for him.
“You know,” John said later when they were halfway through dinner. “You can stay at my place if you want. You don’t have to keep paying the hotel.”
“Of course it will work,” Mrs. Hudson said in her firmest, most comforting voice. “He’s known you for two weeks and has just committed to you. You’re hardly likely to chase him away now.”
Yipping playfully, Greg sank to the ground beside them, wagging his tail, and placed his head on what free space was left on Sherlock’s chest, puppy eyes demanding cuddles. Sherlock readily obliged, petting his head and scratching behind his ears. The gooey feeling in his chest grew, endorphins shooting through his system, better than any rush that he’d ever had. The feeling of lightness and happiness was intoxicating. Freeing. He never wanted this to end.
“No. But sometimes I want to burst and scream for them to get over themselves. It's all on the tip of my tongue, but I keep my mouth shut. I don’t…” Sherlock groaned. Would Mycroft stop being right for two seconds? It was so tiresome. “I may hardly talk to them, but I don’t want to be completely cut off from them, either.”
“Right. Sorry. You don’t have to tell me anything. I didn’t mean to imply that. I’ll leave you alone if that’s what you want.”
“Being reprimanded by your landlady, apparently. She had some choice words for me about how I met John.”
“I’m afraid I can’t help you there. He has been doing that since he was fifteen. Mother threw a fit over the state of his desk but he refused to stop. There’s no winning with him if he doesn’t want to do something.”
“I do feel overwhelmed. I’ve never experienced anything like this before. I certainly didn’t expect to cuddle with Greg. How about you? What was that like for you? Is it customary when first meeting someone or did you do it because Greg is my friend?”
“I’m glad. To finally answer your question, I do feel a bit on uncharted waters here. Like I said, I greatly enjoy your company and I would love to continue seeing you. I’m not looking to sleep with you and then disappear, unless that’s what you would like. But I’m not sure that I want a fully committed, romantic type relationship. Apart from not being inclined in that direction, I work very long hours, as you know, and wouldn’t be able to put in the time commitment that such a relationship requires.”
The case was also important, but if Sherlock proposed delaying the dinner, John would get that “don’t you dare, Sherlock” look in his eyes, complete with disapproving glower, so Sherlock kept his mouth shut.
And the last time that he had annoyed John, the man had transformed into a seal and given him a panic attack. John pursed his lips, sucking in a breath through his nose, and tapped the steering wheel.
Small shivers broke across Sherlock’s skin as John’s warm breath brushed along it. He could have this without any expectation of sex. No demands for anything he didn’t want. It hardly seemed credible.
Yet before they needed to separate, they indulged in the most delightful touching. They took turns spooning as they both reveled in being surrounded by each other’s warmth and caring arms. Sherlock’s heart beat more quickly every time they began. How had he not noticed before how starved he had been for this? Simple touch. Only there was nothing simple about the feeling of ease and comfort that soothed his always restless mind whenever John was near. He had been lonely for so long. Yes, Mrs. Hudson was there, and Lestrade, too, but not like Victor, and it hadn’t even been like this with him. Sherlock had wished it. God, had he wished it. But would Victor have been amenable to it, even if Sherlock had swallowed his anxiety and asked? Probably not. Depressing hour after hour of reading relationship posts in ace communities on the internet suggested that this wasn’t the most likely outcome. He had gotten lucky with John. Lucky that John hadn’t needed to wrap his head around a new, unfamiliar concept that clashed with a previous perspective of the world. Lucky that the lack of sex and kissing wasn’t a deal breaker for him. Lucky that John wasn’t fussy about what kind of affection Sherlock felt for him, as long as they both felt something.
“We should change into something more comfortable,” Sherlock said, glancing at their dress shirts and slacks. “Unless… You aren’t used to cuddling with clothes on, are you?”
John smiled tightly. Sherlock lowered his gaze. Now that they’d cleared the air, it might be the right time to make the request that he had been mulling over the whole day. That is, if it was appropriate to make it all, which he had no idea about, so might as well give it a go.
“That’s in and out. Three weeks for this last stretch. Your little revelation almost made me fall off the wagon.”
He waited for John to fetch his crutches from the back seat and hand them to him, accepting his help in getting out. A chilly wind beat his hair against his face, strong enough for his coat, yet John was still dressed in a single jumper. Granted, people had different tolerances to temperatures, but there might be more to it here.
“Okay enough. He made a fuss about how quickly we got together, but I got him to shut up about it. What exactly did he say to you?”
“I hate doing this over the phone,” Greg had said. Mycroft didn’t need to see his face to know that it would be crumpled with shame and guilt despite Mycroft’s previous assurances that they need not be exclusive. “It feels wrong. I should have done you the courtesy of doing this face to face.”
“Do you ever wear anything else out?” John asked him after he returned downstairs from what Sherlock was already thinking of as his room. He wore black oxfords, charcoal grey slacks, and an ever present jumper, olive green this time. Stylish, yet adorable, as always. Sherlock indulged in the sight for a moment before answering.
“Of course.” He turned toward the rest of the room. “As the elder one, Mycroft should be the one to offer it. Although Mrs. Hudson is obviously the head of the clan.”
“It’s not because of you,” Greg said, taking a step forward. “It’s a tricky business, okay? Some people have told humans they trusted and had it blow up in their faces. Sometimes the people you love are the ones that betray you. I hoped that wouldn’t be you. I really did. I really do trust you, Mycroft. I’m sorry. I never wanted you to feel bad.”
Sherlock chewed slowly on his steak. As excited as he was, John sharing the same space as him full time did pose certain risks. Sure, they had resided in John’s house for a couple of weeks, but what if that wasn’t enough time for John to be truly irritated by Sherlock’s deficiencies in human interaction? His research specimens might prove to be too much, even with the new miniscule fridge. And John was not a fan of a messy living space, but if Sherlock had to adopt his strictly neat habits, he would go mad.
Greg must have broken a few speeding laws to arrive so quickly, but Mycroft wasn’t about to fault him for it. He met him at the front door, alerted of his arrival by an app on his phone. The sight of Greg walking through the door traced an instant smile on Mycroft’s face.
“You’re not, I assure you. Very well. Consider me if you must, but do not prioritize me over yourself. And take all the time that you need.”
“Nothing.” Sherlock dropped his arms back to his sides, fingers going mad clasping and unclasping. “Just come by, will you? Look, I really do want to catch up on things. Specific things. But… things.”
“Why don’t you want to talk to me about it? You did the last time I asked how you were, even though you hid half of the relevant information then, too.”
“Because you have a tendency of getting yourself into dangerous situations and lying to me about it.”
“But you will have to go back eventually,” John said. “You were only supposed to be here for the case.”
“Is John satisfied with the employment selection I curated for him?” Mycroft asked, looking as eager to move on as Sherlock was. “It’s a bit difficult to tell over text when he’s genuinely pleased versus just being polite. He was so adamant in wanting to manage on his own earlier.”
John’s left hand was shaking. His eyes shone, blinking too rapidly not to be holding back tears, his lips pressed in a firm, weary line as he hunched forward. He hadn’t glanced at Sherlock once as he spoke, as if he couldn’t face him through the depths of his shame. Sherlock gaped uselessly at him. He never knew what to do in these situations. Should he remain silent like when John had been shaken by the sharks in the documentary? Or should he touch his shoulder in comfort like in the car? He should do something. Standing here mute felt wrong. Cruel. He would have comforted Victor in this situation, and John had just said that he liked touching his friends.
He went to the door and opened it. John’s guilt had intensified. He looked haggard and wan. He opened his mouth, probably to apologize again, but Sherlock couldn’t listen to him beat himself up over something he couldn’t control.
Sherlock groaned and rubbed his eyes, starting to pull his legs to his chest before his right ankle sharply reprimanded him for the action.
“Okay. Good. Um, are you thirsty? Hungry? I’m going to grab myself something to eat. I’m starving. You’re welcome to join me. I have spaghetti and meatballs and Tikka Masala in the fridge.”
“Quite. Returning to the original purpose of your call, I am well. I will be patient in giving Greg all the time he needs without complaint. I may have been a tad overwhelmed after our last conversation, but I’m settled now. There’s no need for you to worry.”
However, John smirks. “Lumbar pain, hm?” he repeats as he sit down next to Sherlock, watching his flatmate pretend to be completely focused on the screen.
“I’ve always had them. A case took the wrong turn, years ago, before we met. Good night. The light, please,” is the lie Sherlock confidently tells, the same he told Janine, to avoid a discussion he really doesn’t want to have.
As a matter of fact, Mary smiles. “So do I! Boys can be jerks sometimes, but they’re really cute… I like their arms, you know, nice, strong arms… and the smell, if a man smells good he has twice the chances…”
Irene laughs, and Sherlock feels better now that he has something to look forward to. Reliving memories was fine, but this is different, this lights a spark of hope deep inside his soul. He should have thought of it much earlier.
It’s an unprecedented sight that makes John giggle, just a little, in the back of his throat, and while resuming his reading, Sherlock feels a quick touch of lips against his cheek.
John smiles tenderly at the sight, resisting the urge to peck Sherlock’s cheek, too afraid to wake him up.
Sherlock nods to reassure John, but he can’t help thinking that he trusts Mary on some level. She saved his life after all.
After listening carefully for a few seconds, he comes to the conclusion that the steps are obviously John’s.
She nods, quickly, her glance traveling from Sherlock to the open abdomen before her. “It’s okay. Greg texted me last night, he told me all about the… well, your sister and everything. We’re fine. We don’t need to talk about it.”
John, John trusting him and believing in him so deeply he tried to prove him wrong until the very last moment.
After screaming her lungs out in fear and shock, Mrs Hudson hugs Sherlock too, tightly, her eyes tearing up with delight.
Now, every Sunday that he visits, they start playing their violins, and then at some point she does something to signal her desire to have him inside the cell. Every time he complies, holding her and talking to her. Once he brings with him an old photo album that his parents kept hidden, and he shows it to her, sitting next to her at her desk. It’s full of pictures of their early childhood, and Sherlock still wonders how on earth he could have forgotten about her.
He can’t finish the sentence that Sherlock’s fist hits him right on the nose. Without apologising, Sherlock walks away. No one talks about Mary Watson that way, not on his watch.
And now, about two years later, he finds her in Russia, in a cold winter day that he’ll remember as one of the loneliest days of his life.
Even consulting detectives have soft spots, and John remembers Sherlock’s one very well. He shifts even closer, until his arm comfortably reaches Sherlock’s head, and he starts combing his hair.
“No thank you. I’ll be on my way in a moment,” Mycroft replies, still standing in front of Sherlock. “And this mission of yours, how long will it last?”
Sherlock stares at their joined hands, his own larger and cold for the lack of blood flow, and John’s one, smaller but warm as a summer day. They fit so well together, he thinks.
They sit across from each other at a table in the lab, and Molly takes detailed notes as Sherlock speaks.
“She isn’t dangerous anymore,” Sherlock explains from his chair, “and there will be armed guards just in case.”
Mary didn’t die for him to leave his brother alone like this. Greg was nice to check on him as Sherlock requested, but that wasn’t Greg’s job. It’s Sherlock who needs to be there for Mycroft.
“John!” he calls loudly while still lying in bed, surrounded by darkness, the only light coming from the streetlamp outside his window.
The only contact with John he manages to establish is a letter, three sentences scrabbled on a white sheet, that Sherlock reads in the taxi.
“How is she?... Mary, I mean,” John asks with an affection in his voice he wasn’t expecting. He finds it really hard to remember he despises Mary, when Sherlock talks about her with such affection.
Abba rings a bell to Sherlock, a flash in his mind of Mycroft’s room and his disc collection, where Abba was a recurring name. Sherlock wonders what happened to those discs. He just knows that they disappeared when Mycroft left for university, and soon it was Sherlock who lost interest in his brother’s life.
“I’m not poisoning you, if that’s what you’re asking,” John replies. “It’s a powerful sleep inducer. Drink it and you’ll be out in ten minutes. You can resume your experiment tomorrow.”
John brushes a hand through his own hair. “Er, no… I suppose not. You can hang out with whoever you like,” he says, immediately realising how weird that sounded. “Just be careful… don’t trust her. She probably has an agenda.”
Sherlock catches the self-loathing hidden in John’s remark, but decides not to say anything more. He snuggles closer, until their bodies are fully pressed together. John thinks it would have helped him coping better, in the days after Mary’s death, if he’d had Sherlock next to him providing comfort.
That was such a happy day. If he’d known what would have happened in the following months, he would have enjoyed it more, spent less time on Twitter and more in the company of his friends. Of his family.
They don’t hug. This time, it’s Sherlock’s choice. He doesn’t know whether it’s the drugs he took earlier, or just bare emotions, but as he hugged Mary, he felt a lump forming in his throat. If he hugs John, it’s over. Sherlock would cry like a baby, and he doesn’t want John to remember him like that.
They chat. There’s no deduction to make, no crime to solve. He’s not showing off, he’s not proving he’s the cleverer of the two. They’re just chatting. Word after word, pause, breathe. A chat. Something so very dull, mundane, something that usually belongs to the others, now belongs to him.
“You know what keeps me going during the worst days?” Irene says. “I close my eyes and imagine what I would do if I ever had the chance to meet my mother again.”
Next, John lays back down and checks the time on his phone, saying something about his alarm being in less than five hours. Both close their eyes. Sherlock falls asleep unusually quickly.
They hold each other in silence for a minute while John mentally thanks him for every little thing Sherlock has done for him over the years.
However, as his blood keeps rushing south making his cock harder and harder in his pants, some doubts cloud his mind as well. He seizes the occasion to voice them the moment John breaks the kiss to take a breath.
Drying his tears with the back of his hand, he leans in towards Rosie and presses a kiss to her forehead.
“Have I ever told you how happy I am that you’re not dead?” he asks, his voice no more than a whisper. “That you’re here with me again?”
He books an appointment with Ella, John’s former therapist, because he needs to figure out what to do with John, for John. John who is suffering, alone, and won’t talk to Sherlock. However, Ella doesn’t understand this, she thinks Mary’s death is the problem, but John is the problem. John is in much more pain than Sherlock. John doesn’t want to talk to Sherlock, but Sherlock needs him. Sherlock needs his forgiveness, for killing his wife. He quits therapy after that first session.
If Sherlock tells the truth, however, John is going to leave anyway, because John doesn’t see Sherlock that way. The chance that John requites Sherlock’s sentiment is very slim.
I don’t want to have lunch there, Sherlock thinks. He does love his parents, very much, but they can be quite anxious at times, they would assail Eurus with questions and expectations, and the atmosphere would be tense and overorganised, and Sherlock doesn’t want that. He wants his sister to see a relaxed, loving environment. He wants her to meet the family he handpicked for himself.
“Again, if you want to, I’m all for it,” John replies giving Sherlock a knowing smile. It’s not as if they’ve never shared a bed before.
Sherlock missed her. He truly, deeply missed Rosie Watson, and all he wants is to spend some time with her.
“For God’s sake, Sherlock, don’t you understand?!” she hisses, her head snapping up. “It’s not just that!”
It happens very rarely that he goes on a case without John, but it does happens sometimes, when John needs to work. Today is one of those days.
“It… obviously depends on what I’m going to eat,” Sherlock replied as if John had just asked the most stupid question. Why would anyone want to eat soup with a teaspoon, he wanted to ask next, but he was interrupted by John’s giggles.
A couple of minutes pass by, and Sherlock smiles when he feels the pressure of Mycroft’s body against his hands getting less sharp. Sherlock knows what is happening. Endorphins are taking over, the muscles are relaxing.
Sherlock looks up at the ceiling as if it was suddenly interesting. He’s still lying down, the duvet covering him up until his chin, his right arm the only part exposed to the chilly air of the room.
“If our conversation has come to an end, I would suggest we get up. George’s waiting,” Sherlock says, rolling onto his back, ready to jump up.
“That’s why you shot me?” he asks, not even remotely serious, quite amused in fact. He smirks, his head tilted down but his eyes looking up. Even in moments like this, it feels incredibly normal to joke with Mary.
Neither of them moves away for a full two seconds, Sherlock’s eyes shifting continuously from John’s deep, adoring gaze to his sweet smile, his senses inebriated by John’s smell, cologne, hospital, a hint of Mary’s perfume, and now a tiny bit of sweat that makes it all more real.
The more John watches Mary’s video, the more he is convinced his theory is correct. He squeezes his eyes shut for a moment as he thinks back of the way Sherlock blatantly provided a generic answer when he was asked about the meaning of Mary’s words. Is this true, then, John wonders, and if it is, he doesn’t understand how he managed to miss it.
Sherlock immediately walks closer and rests his hand above hers. She wants something, he can sense it, he can read it.
John hand is on Sherlock’s nape, gently but firmly pressing the detective more into him, never letting go. John breaks the kiss snickering once again when his other hand finds its way across Sherlock’s flat chest.
“This is Mary… she was a bit my sister too,” he says. “She isn’t with us anymore, she… she passed away last year…” He wonders if he’ll ever be able to talk about her without his throat tightening. “She died to save my life…”
It never happens when they’re out on a case. John doesn’t like people talking and assuming things about the two of them, Sherlock knows that. But when they’re home, sometimes, in the evening, John touches him. He ruffles Sherlock’s hair while Sherlock is busy looking into his microscope, or he lays a hand on Sherlock’s back when he walks behind him. He rests his head on Sherlock’s shoulder while they watch the telly together on the sofa.
Sherlock folds the letter and keeps it in his coat, as he asks the taxi to stop at the cemetery where Mary is buried.
Sherlock can’t help smiling, unable to hide the pleasant feeling that seems to appear every time someone praises his abilities. Mycroft has always been the smartest of the two, it’s a hard truth that Sherlock hates to admit, but a truth nonetheless. When Mummy and Daddy praised someone, it was usually Mycroft. No matter what Sherlock did, Mycroft could always do it better, faster.
, not as a man made of flesh and bones. If anything, Sherlock was straight, as proved by the flirt with Irene Adler. Which allowed John to consider himself straight as well. It was always
They remain like that, embraced together and breathing in each other’s scent, their hearts beating in unison, Sherlock’s hand cupping John’s nape and softly brushing the short hair there with his thumb.
Every time he typed one, moved by a visceral instinct to hear John’s voice even just for a minute, to read his words and imagine him typing them, he then remembered the very purpose of his faked death. Keep John safe.
“I highly doubt it… John can be a bit thick when it comes to these things. Actually, now that I think about it, he once mentioned that you had a flirt with a woman… can’t remember her name…”
As Sherlock’s eyes meet John’s, he only wishes he could crumble. Molly Hooper was right. He’s sad, scared, the only thing he’s always prided himself on, his mind, is now up for discussion.
“Correct,” he says anyway, since she was only looking for confirmation. He waits for the feeling on uneasiness to set in, and blinks when it doesn’t happen.
“We’ll be back at 6 and we would love to find both of you alive,” Mary jokes. Both parents kiss their daughter goodbye, and as soon as he hears the door closing, Sherlock realises he’s alone. All the other time he’s been in the same place as Rosie, someone else was there too. Often John and Mary would fall asleep, but they were there anyway, reducing Sherlock’s actual tasks to a mere ‘company keeping’.
“This is not up for discussion, Sherlock, I am not putting Rosie in danger. I couldn’t live with myself if anything happened to her.”
When he opens his eyes again, Mary isn’t there anymore. But she hasn’t really gone anywhere, has she, he thinks.
Irene seems shocked to learn that tomorrow is his birthday, and he reveals her that he never really tells anyone. Even John doesn’t know. Being born is not an accomplishment, really, not something he sees the point in celebrating.
They order a pizza at some point, and spend the rest of the evening, and the night, talking, telling each other stories of the years spent on the run. He trusts her. He could never trust the Woman, but he feels he can trust Irene. He can’t believe he found another friend in such an unexpected place and time of his life.
Things with John don’t go quite as expected. He isn’t delighted to see Sherlock, he’s angry and disappointed, as Sherlock realises quickly during their conversation.
“He, you said he…” John stutters, his astonished glance going back and forth from Sherlock to the screen. “How did you- the email doesn’t say anything, and-and you can’t see the genitals from this angulation, how- did-did Mary tell you that?”
Now it’s just the two of them. He sits down on his chair and stares at Rosie, who’s calmly sucking on her dummy.
“If there’s anything you need to discuss please call Anthea to make an appointment. I’ll be regularly in my office tomorrow,” Mycroft is saying when Sherlock walks closer, his hands sweating.
But the playlist offers a song after another, and one dance turns into two. “Sorry, didn’t hear the song was coming to an end… Let’s keep going,” John justifies himself.
And it’s all gone. And he never really took his time to think about it, or to mourn her as she deserved, he was so busy thinking about John or Culverton Smith or the drugs that somehow he never fully realised it was all over.
She likes him, she liked him immediately, he could tell. He interrupted her precious proposal, completely ruined her evening, and she liked him anyway. In a situation in which it was Sherlock versus John, her own fiancé, she sided with Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles, just a little, a smile that is almost invisible. John, sweet, sweet John. Sherlock might be good with observations, and ideas, and concepts, but John reads people, he understands them. He understands Sherlock.
How does Mycroft not understand what he’s missing, isolating himself from people? How does he not understand the beauty of having someone by your side? How does he not understand the importance of friendship to Sherlock?
She turns to the wall to avoid meeting his gaze, covering her eyes with an hand. He stands there, immobile, blinking.
At first Sherlock thinks it might be enough, living without John, but he changes his mind as time goes by. After a case with Molly, he gets himself some chips, hoping carbs would help filling the void John left. Irene would be proud.
Nothing can stop blood from flooding Sherlock’s pale cheeks, giving them a rosy colour in a matter of seconds, but he still tries to deny the obvious. “I don’t know what you’re talking about,” he says, his crystal eyes staring at the TV in a vain attempt at looking unaffected.
“A-a dog? What?” John asks, obviously disoriented by the sudden change of topic, and wondering what exactly is going on in Sherlock’s mind that makes him think of dogs while they make out.
With that, John takes a sit on his old chair, leaving Sherlock some space. The detective stands there, frozen on the spot, unable to speak or move. He’s lost his friend. Mary is dead. It’s like a rope has been tied around his throat, making it harder and harder to breathe every second. He swallows, again and again, but it doesn’t get any better.
But Magnussen’s PA happens to be Mary’s bridesmaid, whom he met at the wedding, and who happens to obviously fancy him rotten. If this isn’t a coincidence, he doesn’t know what else to call it.
He tried a man months later. A rainy evening, some drugs, and he walked into a gay bar in North London. He looked around. No one really caught his attention, so he just waited to be picked up, anyone would do, for science. The bloke who first approached him wasn’t bad at all, but Sherlock didn’t really feel any desire towards him. Still, they kissed. No feeling of repulsion, this time, just no feeling at all. Sherlock gave up after that. Experimenting with his mind was much more interesting anyway.
“It doesn’t matter the state you were in, Sherlock,” John says, trying to keep his voice even and drying some tears with the back of his hand. “I hurt you, physically hurt you, what I did was inexcusable and unacceptable.”
“Limited? What do you…” John starts, clearly confused but figuring it out during the sentence. “Oh.” He’s almost grinning now. So Mycroft wasn’t lying that time, Sherlock is in fact a virgin. The last virgin partner John had was in his first year at university, and he knows it’s almost animalistic, but the idea that Sherlock Holmes, gorgeous genius, is untouched by anyone makes all of John’s blood rush southwards. He imagines for a moment the world’s only consulting detective spread out beneath him, pale skin covered in sweat and goosebumps, muscles trembling and contracting under his touch, shaky whimpers and lustful moans of pleasure.
Until Mycroft had ruined their perfect image of the son they thought they had, that is. Now Sherlock looked better in their eyes. At least he was straight and not hooking up with random strangers. He would find a respectable wife some day. He just needed a little time.
Sherlock hesitated, eyes narrowing, processing everything the selkie, John, had said, brain struggling to keep up. What sort of morality did selkies have? What did killing mean for them? Was it murder or just something that happened on occasion without repercussions?
“I only know of a few,” John said, pulling over a chair to sit before them. Mycroft watched his progress, but didn’t draw back this time. “But they’re not all in the UK. I’m a bit of an unusual case in having lived on land for such a stretch. Yes, we say selkie.”
But was that what he really wanted? To make his own past a fiction? How could he ever trust his own memory if he did that?
“I knew you weren’t going to be a typical tenant when I asked you to move here,” Mrs. Hudson said. “You weren’t any different in Florida. I can’t say I like you snapping or having human body parts in the flat. I really wish you wouldn’t have those. The smell… But you’re not a burden, Sherlock. You’re a lovely, kind person. You’re just different. That’s not a bad thing. Don’t think for a moment that I don’t want you here.”
Greg was the first to pull away. Mycroft let him go, releasing him as Greg dropped his hands and leaned back. They both gasped, breaths short, shocked and dazed. Greg swallowed, eyes wide and uncertain.
“Yes.” John plucked Sherlock’s right hand from his shoulder and kissed his knuckles. “I have no complaints.”
Wait. This wasn’t all that he could do. There was no fixing John’s relationship with his family, not unless they themselves decided to stop being such selfish pricks, but they weren’t the only family that John could ever have.
“We’re hardly in a medieval epic, but fine. You have my word that John Watson has nothing to fear from me. Now, tell me. Who is he?”
“He can see that I’m clean, though he probably considered it at some point. But he has no incentive to trust you other than my word.”
“I apologize for the abrupt nature of this meeting,” Mycroft said. “But Sherlock has had a rough time of late. There aren’t many people in his life who are kind to him. It would be very beneficial for him to continue working with Scotland Yard, but I need to make sure that it’s a healthy environment for him.”
“Why? Because you spent the second night barely saying a word, while the next you subjected me to an epic rant about the idiocy of the police department for being such thickheaded berks?”
“It’s okay,” the man said in a soft, reassuring voice. “I’m a doctor. My name is John. What’s yours?”
“I’m afraid that I can’t tell you any more until you agree to our terms. So what’s it going to be, dear brother? It’s really not a hard decision to make.”
“The hell with calming down. He demands to know everything about my life but hides his own from me? Fuck that.”
Sherlock flinched at the squealing of the kettle. The cut in his torso jerked, protesting the movement with a sharp sting. He sat back, eyes closing, and breathed slowly through his nose, trying to calm the heightened beating of his heart.
“I didn’t want to crowd you, either. So.” Sherlock rubbed his hands together, feet bouncing. “Bed, then? Either form is fine.”
“I’m alright,” she said, eyes softening. “Stay with John a little longer. It will do you good. Are you going to tell Mycroft about John?”
Greg hesitated, looking at him nervously, like he had something he sorely wished to tell him but wasn’t sure if Mycroft would take it well or ill. Mycroft frowned, concerned.
John scooted back and his flesh rippled again, revealing human-shaped John beneath the loose, brown skin. John sat up, wrapping his skin around his waist while looking at Sherlock with bemused anticipation, as if expecting to be graded.
“Sherlock’s right,” John said, straightening in his seat. “It’s not. I’m explaining this to you as a courtesy because you’re Sherlock’s brother, but you can’t demand any answers from me.”
“And a cuddly one,” Sherlock said, smirking. “Greg is quite the cuddler, isn’t he? You must have a lot of fun with that.”
“Right. Yeah. Okay. So you and John don’t—” Greg squeezed his eyes shut, grimacing. “Sorry, I should not have asked that.”
“I don’t need you watching over my every move. I’m not going to shoot myself up with heroin because you looked away from me for one second.”
Had John’s confessed attraction been romantic? He hadn’t specified. His haste to reassure Sherlock in this manner suggested that it was.
Mycroft leaned into him gratefully, eyes slipping shut, nose sinking into Greg’s soft hair, inhaling the familiar scent of his shampoo. Greg rubbed his back, squeezing with his fingertips, only just stopping himself from delivering one of the massages they used to indulge in of old. Mycroft’s smile grew, remaining even after Greg pulled back.
“How is John?” Mrs. Hudson asked, leaning eagerly on the table, chin resting in her hand. “He’s still coming on Saturday, isn’t he?”
“Please don’t lie to me about anything like this again,” he said, meeting Greg’s eyes, which sparkled with relief.
“I didn’t mean it like that,” John said hastily, seeking to rectify his error. “It really is interesting. And thorough. Studying two-hundred-and-forty-three varieties of tobacco ash is very detailed work. It’s impressive.”
“You know,” Greg said, voice growing soft, “if you want, I can come over tonight. If you need the company.”
Mycroft’s anger at Greg’s wife sharpened his voice, but he didn’t care, not when Greg looked bone deep weary and could barely muster the energy to look up from the table. He sighed, a sad, dreary thing, and wiped his face with his hand.
They both started and turned to him with awkward expressions, Greg’s more uncomfortable than John’s. John sighed, looking resigned.
“It’s alright,” Mycroft said, the words stinging in his throat like broken glass. “We both knew this couldn’t last, not with our basic incompatibility. While I will miss you, I am happy for you. I want you to have the family you desire.”
Something like relief sounded in John’s voice as he looked back down at his shoes. Frowning with uncertainty, Sherlock sat up on the bed, scooching closer to him.
John stared. His eyes softened, flattered and taken aback. He rubbed the back of his neck and took Sherlock’s right hand in both of his, squeezing.
He was? Sure, Sherlock avoided telling him anything, but that was important news, too important not to tell Mycroft. They may not have the smoothest of relationships, but they were hardly estranged. Why wouldn’t Sherlock have told him?
Mycroft straightened up and reached for him. For the first time in four years, he allowed himself to cup Greg’s nape and stroke his tender skin with yearning fingertips. Greg gasped but didn’t object or move away. Mycroft leaned forward, but stopped a few inches away, silently asking for permission. Greg nodded, a tiny thing, but it was enough. Mycroft kissed him. It was a simple pressing of lips at first. Greg’s breath gusted against his own, warming his upper lip. Then Greg began to move, opening his mouth, grabbing his waist, wrapping fierce hands around his back as Mycroft met his fervor with every ounce of passion and desire that he had been hoarding for four, endless years of denial and suffocation, inhaling Greg’s scent, hungering for his touch, savoring every second of sensation that this wonderful man had chosen to bestow upon him.
“I know better than to try to get you to stay with me again. Besides, it has no effect on your behavior. If the worst you’re being tempted by is nicotine, I have nothing to worry about.”
“You’ve hardly given me enough information to attempt to deduce anything.” Mycroft’s frustration leaked into his voice. “But we’ll arrive at the house soon, and you’ll have to show me, anyway.”
Sherlock didn’t like the direction this was taking. Pressing his head against John’s, he extended his arm out further so that the camera would encompass both of them.
Another dead body had been found, apparent suicide to anyone who didn’t have the mental capacity to look closely. No obvious signs of assault. Dead from poison, self-administered. A twenty-year-old this time. No link to the previous victim, yet exactly the same method of death. This had serial killer written all over it. Sherlock hopped on his toes, grinning from ear to ear. Bouncing, he started texting Greg.
John had got over his silly recalcitrance over consuming food prepared in Sherlock’s kitchen as long as he took part in the cooking. As if Sherlock was willing to risk poisoning him. They made a full English, tucked into the sofa to read for a bit, then went out for a morning walk. As athletic as John’s species was, he couldn’t endure a day without getting thorough exercise in the morning. They ambled around Regent’s Park, then took a cab to the National Gallery. They went their own way for a bit, which resulted in John getting completely lost and having to be rescued from the Romanticists collection by Sherlock. How did people manage to go anywhere without developing intricate mental maps in their heads? All that Sherlock had needed was to look at the map once and he was set, yet he had found John frowning at the same in helpless confusion. He didn’t let John live it down until John threatened to steal all his chips during lunch. Afterward, they returned home and Sherlock jumped in the shower.
Mycroft’s breath was altered, making his voice too high and jittery. Greg’s face pinched and he took a step back, his head lowering, back hunching. He was trying to make himself small, to act submissive. He was scared. Oh God, Greg was scared of him.
Bowing to her superior wisdom in an area that she actually knew more than him about, Sherlock told his mind to shut up and enjoyed the moment.
Mycroft’s words were so faint that Sherlock barely heard them. He sounded like he couldn’t believe that he was even willing to admit to the possibility, just like Sherlock hadn’t been able to admit it to himself.
Maybe he’d be lucky and a crisis would require his attention before then. Greg sighed on the line. Mycroft braced himself. If Greg insisted, he wouldn’t be able to find it in himself to say no.
“It’s not,” he said. “We’ve shared more in this week than I have with some former friends in the span of years, actually. I just don’t want you to feel obligated.”
The instant he left, Sherlock rushed to his armchair and sat down in a ball, legs pulled to his chest, arms wrapped tightly around them, chin on his knees. John hadn’t said if he was coming back. But he would, wouldn’t he? Where else would he sleep? Would he get a hotel? Was he that angry?
Mycroft arrived on time, knocking on the front door as if he wasn’t able to waltz in whenever he pleased. Sherlock answered the door, eyes narrowed as he took in Mycroft’s impeccable appearance. He had changed suits after work, and carried a bottle of the wine that Sherlock had threatened him to bring.
“I’m not. I’m sitting in a canvas chair by the shore. I’m not even moving my ankle. This isn’t the first sprain I’ve had, you know.”
“Alright. I will refrain from pointing out an arbitrary fact about your stature relative to that of my people.”
Sherlock hung up far more abruptly than he’d meant to, but his breath had been clenching in his throat  and he was about to go croaky any moment. He was really doing this. Entertaining the madness that was acknowledging magical creatures. There was no escaping it now, for he would keep that appointment, even if it drove him fully round the bend.
“No. That’s not what I mean. I don’t want you to reveal anything that you’re not comfortable with. I’m just giving you the option that if you feel like you need to get something off your chest. It helps. Or don’t tell me anything and I’ll never mention it again. Forget I said anything.”
When Mycroft had come out to them, they had thrown a fit and proceeded to act as if the conversation had never happened.
The next Saturday, Sherlock bounced on the balls of his feet on platform 12 at St Pancras Station, waiting for the 8:54 train to come in from Dover. He had arrived fifteen minutes early in his eagerness and kept checking the clock on the announcement board, willing time to go faster. John had tried to dissuade him from picking him up, stating that he could navigate the Tube perfectly well by himself (“I have been to London before, you know”), but Sherlock wouldn’t have it. He wasn’t going to waste precious moments with John just because he was too lazy to go to the station. And he wouldn’t be able to get anything done there, anyway. He’d be as restless and impatient there as he was here, unable to do a damn thing until John knocked on the door and graced him with his beautiful face, so why shouldn’t he be here?
“I’m not sure. I’m playing it by ear. I need to heal, and there’s no sense in leaving before an interesting case comes along. It’s far more interesting here at the moment.”
“Gregory, if you want me to help you with this case, it would be better if you shut up so that I can think.”
“Is that all you have observed?” he asked, voice low, resigned to Sherlock’s probing, yet also guarded against further intrusion.
John returned his hands to Sherlock’s leg, stroking up his shin. Sherlock slipped his left foot into his lap and nudged at John’s wrists with his toes, a thrill going through him as John’s smile widened and he transferred his hold to that foot, which he could massage without fearing causing Sherlock pain. And he did so, but slowly, tentative, their discussion still unfinished.
Sherlock scrutinized Mycroft’s face, looking for tells. But there weren’t any. No signs of deception that he could perceive. This couldn’t be right. Mycroft wouldn’t just roll over so easily.
“You can talk to me, you know,” Greg said. “About stuff. If there’s anything you’ve been keeping secret. I know we’re not best mates or anything, but I’m here for you, alright? I’m not going to reject you or anything. If that’s what you’re worried about.”
“No, it wouldn’t. I’ll admit it does come in handy. It’s your decision. He will keep his word. I know that.”
Sherlock frowned at the skin, lying just two meters away, still solid and clear, no faded figment of his imagination. Why was it still there? How could it be real?
“It was lovely to meet you, Mrs. Hudson,” he said. “I look forward to seeing you in London, where I won’t have any work commitments whatsoever.”
“I wouldn’t go so far as to call them grievances. And not like that, no. Here, let me move around a bit.” Lifting Sherlock’s legs, he folded his right leg under him so that he could face Sherlock, an earnest expression on his face. “Look, we’re not going to like everything about each other. We’re going to rub each other the wrong way sometimes. That’s inevitable. I’m sure there’s stuff that I do that you’re not keen on.”
“It seems that we don’t have as many barriers to overcome as I thought. Terminology aside, we pretty much want the same thing, don’t we?”
Not exactly elaborate, but it worked. It made him a little sad that he wouldn’t get to say it anymore. But Greg being a werewolf was so much better, even though he proved as annoying as John over having his blood examined. Sherlock just wanted to look at it. That was all. What did they think that he was going to do with it? Use it to make some nefarious toxin? Clone them? Create a human/selkie/werewolf hybrid?
“I was a little scared at first, but that faded within a few minutes. Mostly I was excited. I was ten on holiday in Wales. I hadn’t reached the age yet where you stop believing that fairies and trolls are real. And I never did. So when a huge horse with a seaweed mane fished me out of the lake where I had swum in too deep, I was ecstatic. My parents saw it all, but wouldn’t believe that it was a kelpie and not some strange horse that had run off from some farm somewhere. But I knew I wasn’t imagining things. They weren’t comfortable taking me swimming anymore after that, but I went back when I was old enough to go on my own, hoping that the kelpie was still there. It took me a couple of trips, but I did find her. She remembered me. She lives in a town not far from the lake. Very friendly once I convinced her that I wasn’t going to tell anybody and was just curious. We still keep in touch. I’ve met a few other non-humans since then.”
“Hang on,” John said, grinning at Sherlock’s eagerness as he pulled off his jacket. “I’ll just be a second. I’m wearing a bit more than you.”
He was lonely because John was gone. That was all. He didn’t miss Mycroft. How could he when the man was constantly underfoot?
John nodded, sucking at his bottom lip. He didn’t look up. Sherlock reached out, touching John’s shoulder. John leaned into his hand, turning his head towards it, seeking him out. Sherlock took a step forward.
Ordinarily, Sherlock preferred to get acquainted with his sleeping quarters before doing anything else, but as soon as they arrived at the house, he sat at the desk and prepared his bow and violin for playing. Once he was ready, he instructed John to position the chair in the center of the room to give himself space and sat down, placing his violin on his shoulder. He began with a Mozart piece, fingers gliding easily over the familiar notes. He usually kept his eyes closed to absorb the sounds with the least distraction, but now he opened them every so often to glance at John, who sat on the sofa in front of him, leaning forward, elbows on his thighs, gazing at him with utter fascination, a small, pleased smile on his lips. Sherlock had to stamp down his own smile else he become too obvious. He rarely had an audience other than Mrs. Hudson. Once, Lestrade had shown up in the middle of Sherlock composing, and Sherlock had delayed the thrill of a new case for a minute as he ironed out a few more notes before they fled this mind and left him groaning in frustration. He had surfaced to find Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson regarding him with admiration, Mrs. Hudson’s gaze filled with the usual pride. Sherlock wasn’t immune to such praise. Much the opposite, not that he would admit it in words, although it was obvious enough in the pleased smiles and light blushes he never managed to hide in time.
“I think if I were romantically inclined towards him, I wouldn’t be so unenthused by some of the romantically coded things Greg likes to do. Or perhaps that doesn’t matter. In any case, I don’t think that’s what’s happening here, but what I do feel toward him is new. Well, not new anymore. But specific to him nonetheless. And intense. It’s hard to describe. No term seems to fit properly.”
“Fine. Why wouldn’t I be? I only didn’t see the obvious for years and years. Mycroft was right. My observational skills are rubbish.”
Sherlock had been surprised and jealous that Greg had spilled such intimate details after only knowing John for one day. Shapeshifters must share a special bond. Or Greg needed someone to confide in who knew Mycroft but wasn’t his ex’s brother. Not that this was the sort of thing that he would confide to Sherlock, anyway. When asked, John had implied that Sherlock was on the right track. He also said that Sherlock should keep his curiosity to himself and not coax or push Greg in any way.
“Of course. You’re not the type. John filled me in on all the myths, but he wasn’t sure about some details. You don’t require a moon to transform, yes? Full or otherwise?”
“Never mind. So, you two have met. Wonderful. Ordinarily, that’s all that I’d be interested in right now, but can we pause that and go back to why you’re scared of Mycroft finding out?”
Dizziness shot through him. He gasped, blinking, the world swimming. Something hard had hit his temple. Something even harsher was digging in his stomach now, a knee, pressing him down. The man’s blurry silhouette hovered above him, the knife blade flashing down.
. To John’s tender voiced assessment of Mycroft as a good brother. To his own shame at putting that look of terror in Mycroft’s face when he’d shaken Sherlock awake, mind lost in a miasma of his own devising, barely coherent enough to hear Mycroft pleading for him to wake up.
Sherlock put the slipper down, scowling daggers at his intrusive brother. Why did he have to be so damn superior all the time?
They watched the otters in silence, Sherlock making sure to only look at John from the corner of his eye so that he wouldn’t feel stifled by being observed. Perhaps he should have asked if John was okay. He clearly wasn’t, so such a question would just be stupid and insulting, but people didn’t take it that way. They seemed to use it as a “how are you?” even though that answer was equally obvious, and Sherlock was never in the mood to answer. He’d rather just be left alone. But would John prefer that? Was Sherlock being accommodating or insensitive by his silence? Should he place a hand on John’s shoulder in reassurance? How was he supposed to know what to do? This was the first time that John had reacted like this. Sherlock had no past experience to work with.
“It’s accurate enough. Victor left seven years ago. It was a mistake. An accident. I haven’t touched drugs since then. When are you going to trust me to make my own decisions?”
He was crouching down beside Sherlock now. Sherlock flinched, hyperaware of the helpless position he was in. He was sitting on the ground, injured leg stretched before him, bracing himself on his hands, grasping only a small stone as a weapon as an unknown nudist who might not even be real spoke to him.
“No, it’s not. As your friend, I’m also obligated. Selkies don’t abandon their friends so easily. I know I gave that impression after what I just told you, but I’ll never be so callous with people’s expectations of me again.” John squeezed Sherlock’s shoulders. “I want to share a selkie gesture of friendship with you, if you don’t mind. Only true friends engage in it, never acquaintances.”
“I’ve never been gone for this long before,” Sherlock continued. “As I was talking to Mrs. Hudson, I realized that I may have left her alone for a little too long.”
“Thank you. I know that’s hard for you. I mean, it’s the right thing to do. Spying on your brother is not okay, but I understand why you did it.”
“Mycroft just called to congratulate me,” John said, calling Sherlock during his lunch hour. “It sounds like your announcement went okay. Did it go okay?”
“Very well,” Mycroft said, concealing his disappointment. “I won’t impose. I am grateful to you and I don’t intend on appearing otherwise. Both for saving Sherlock and for showing me this. I acknowledge how precarious this is for you. Although part of me wishes that I still lived in a logical world without ghosts or leprechauns.”
“Luck of the draw, but don’t undersell the charm of yours. They mix well with your natural blond. Like the speckled nuance of tan colored sand.”
“I’m sorry,” John said, suitably chastised. “I didn’t think it through. When I saw you injured, I just reacted. But I shouldn’t have brought it up again later. You’re under my care and I took advantage. Please let me help you back to the sofa. Please.”
Unfortunately, gratitude over Sherlock solving his crime for him overrode Gregson’s frustration once they arrived at the hotel, so instead of letting him go on by himself, he escorted him all the way up to his room, as if Sherlock might collapse at any moment.
Guilt twisted in Sherlock’s gut at the remembrance. However much Mycroft had violated his privacy since, Sherlock had fucked up that day.
“I’m sorry about that,” Sherlock said after a time, glancing up at Mycroft. A thin smile glimmered on Mycroft’s lips.
“Thank you so much, Greg. It’s very appreciated, even if you’re only caving because you’re afraid of my brother.”
Greg opened his mouth. He scrapped his bottom lip with his teeth, sucking it into his mouth as he glanced away, considering.
Why had this not occurred to him until now? She was an old woman, living by herself. Sure, she was hardly helpless. And the owners of the café next door checked in on her when he was away, as well as Lestrade, but this trip had prolonged itself to nearly a month by now, much longer than any of his previous absences. John or not, he shouldn’t leave her alone for much longer.
Before Sherlock got restless with his presence and kicked him out. But Sherlock jumped up and dove for the cupboard, saying,
Mycroft forced a smile. God, why had he done that? That was the most telltale sign that this was bothering him, along with his sudden inability to look Greg in the eye, not that it would be easy to do with Greg looking down at the floor with utter misery on his face.
The man smiled. His whole body was drenched, hair sticking to his forehead, as if he’d just crawled out of the water like the seal had.
“Thank you for the compliment. I wish I’d met you sooner, too. I hope I can live up to your expectations of me.”
Joy sparkled even more when Sherlock finally played his finished composition for him. Sherlock worked on it the whole day while John was at work, refining every note until it was the best that he could make it. The instant that John walked through the door, Sherlock told him to sit on the sofa. He had already set up his stool in the middle of the room and had his violin ready. John’s protestations of hunger vanished the second that he saw the instrument.
“I was being sarcastic and you know it. But… I do have to concede that they are pretty amazing, if everything you claim in your website is true.”
“A seal killed him and disappeared, leaving me alone for some reason. He clearly was killed by a seal, or at least an animal of the right size given the tooth marks on his throat, so that part of my hallucination is correct, if not what followed after.”
“That sounds nice. Maybe. I have missed spending the day with someone I care about. But it’s not… I’m probably still going to be sad. Just a bit. I love being here with you. I really do. I’m sorry if I’ve given the impression that I don’t with the way my mood’s been.”
“I said you’re better than my skull. It doesn’t matter. We have a case to solve. Come on. Put your shoes on.”
John was likely ducking his head with a determined look, half a smile jerking on his face. Sherlock wished that he could see it. They could turn this into a video call, but the moment would have passed. Oh, well. He’d be seeing John’s pretty face plenty tonight.
“We’ve become partners. We’re not really labeling it, but John is okay calling it a QPR, if need be. He has romantic feelings for me, and the other ones, too, but we talked it all through.”
“Boys,” Mrs. Hudson said, cutting off Sherlock’s retort. “I’d much rather you two reserved your rows for upstairs.”
Despite the smirk on his face, the thought of Mycroft reawakened the awkward feeling in Sherlock’s gut that he’d experienced last night when John had pointed out that Mycroft was actually present in Sherlock’s life, unlike his own disgraceful family.
“I don’t know anything,” John protested, looking at Greg with chagrin. “Besides, it’s none of our business.”
“Nah, I’d rather call you. You’re much gentler with me than most of the doctors I have to deal with.”
“From school into uni. I’ve been clean for seven years, not that he’ll believe me. I have come close since then, but I haven’t indulged, much to my mental disappointment.”
Sherlock gloated in Mycroft’s face every moment that Mrs. Hudson showered him with loving attention. Mycroft really should stop frowning so much. He was going to get even more wrinkles than he already had.
Sherlock regretted saying that as soon as he heard Mycroft’s distressed sigh on the line. He didn’t actually want to hurt Mycroft. But it was true, damn it al.
Greg shot him a “no kidding” look. Oh. Right. That was the point, wasn’t it? Sherlock had gleefully included John in his investigation, but when real danger came along, he’d left him to run into it alone.
No. He couldn’t do this. He had to remember. Had to face the truth, as horrible and nonsensical and agonizing as it was. He had no choice. His breath shuddered as he pressed Cancel on the train ticket order form. He dropped his head on the keyboard, gasping, sucking in stubborn breaths, an invisible fist crushing his throat. His cuts and ankle ached, screaming at him despite the painkiller that John had given him. Such a caring doctor for someone so selfish. Why did Sherlock have to bear the burden of his secret? Why couldn’t John have chosen someone else? Sherlock didn’t even live here, for fuck’s sake. He couldn’t be John’s friend. He didn’t want to be John’s friend. He wanted to go home to a world were selkies weren’t real. But that wasn’t possible, was it?
“And then we spent half an hour complaining about Mycroft,” Sherlock told Mrs. Hudson the next day, grinning from ear to ear. “God it was glorious.”
Perhaps rebuffed was too strong a word. It wouldn’t be the first time that Greg had chosen Sherlock’s company over his own, although those instances usually involved a dead body. None applied in this case, although the subject of this particular meeting was of even greater import to Sherlock, so Mycroft shouldn’t be surprised that Greg was taking his time. He had, however, been very surprised to receive Sherlock’s angry phone call. Why would Greg tell him about their previous liaisons now? Had it been an accidental slip up? Unlikely. Greg was much too cautious for that. A deliberate choice, then. But why? And he wouldn’t do so without consulting Mycroft. Neither alternative made sense, yet it had to be one of the two. John’s visit must be connected somehow. The timing couldn’t be a coincidence, but again, what was the connection?
“No bother,” Sherlock said, reaching behind him to grab John’s right arm and wrap it around his torso like a blanket. “I was barely sleeping, anyway.”
The minion drove him to an abandoned office building. Not Mycroft’s usual over dramatic style, but he probably had to make do. Sherlock refused the minion’s help again as he struggled to get out of the car without falling flat on his face. Mycroft had sequestered John in a conference room on the fifth floor, a dingy, musty smelling place filled with the vestiges of old, dusty desks and chairs that no one had bothered taking. Mycroft exited the room as the minion led Sherlock through the cubicles toward it. Sherlock greeted him with a furious glare.
“Who says that she doesn’t? She hates it. The only thing she’s willing to do in here is make tea. But it’s fine. You’re only here for days at a stretch. I’m not gong to hole up in here conducting experiments when you’re here, anyway.”
“I’m afraid that I’m not accustomed to conversing about personal matters such as this, not even with Sherlock in most cases.”
“Well, um,” John murmured after doing so, glancing nervously at Sherlock with a shy smile. “That’s all, then.”
“That might be part of it. I also let slip a little too much when I told you that he saved me. There’s no way for you to stop wondering exactly how.”
“Come on,” John said, leaning back, but leaving his hands exactly where they were. “Let’s not just stay standing here. What do you want to do? Read? Watch telly? Work on one of your experiments?”
“That was one time,” Mycroft said. So testy. “And I was sixteen. You hardly did any better at that age.”
“Farfetched? You’re a mythological creature, but my deductions, which are based solely on good observation, are too far-fetched?”
Horrible was putting it mildly. Sherlock rubbed John’s forearm, breathing deep. He feared looking at John’s face right now, but he needed to see. He shifted onto his back, clinging to John’s hand no less tightly, breath clenched in his throat as he met John’s eyes. Warm, caring, concerned eyes. The hand that brushed Sherlock’s fringe from his forehead projected no judgment, no disgust.
“Please. Doctors treat patients at their offices, not their homes, which you have gone to three times. Why? Who is he? Why are you so interested in him?”
“What, are you going to snitch on me? You had a smoke this morning. Don’t deny it. I can smell it on your breath.”
They spoke a little more often since then, although still not as easily as before. Greg wouldn’t mention Susan unless Mycroft did. Their relationship continued to develop well. By the year, Greg was considering proposing. He didn’t say so, but a wistful look at a jewelers as they walked down the street on the way to a café for what had become a monthly lunch expressed his desires keenly enough. Mycroft had turned away at the sight, his previous good mood souring as the pain twisted in his gut, not blunted despite the passage of time.
“No. I didn’t say that. Just… Can’t you keep them in a separate fridge? A small fridge dedicated just for specimens?”
Lestrade glanced between Sherlock’s face and his jerking fingers. His suspicion faded into alert curiosity and mild sympathy.
“Well, there are always things in every relationship. If you’re asking if I have complaints again, no. I can’t think of anything right now.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. He had been right. Mycroft was envious of Sherlock’s relationship with Mrs. Hudson. The iceman who purported that caring was a weakness best avoided if possible just couldn’t help himself, could he? Hypocrite. He cared just as much as Sherlock did, whether he liked it or not. He had always eaten up their parents’ lavish praise, preening at every compliment, each “we’re so proud of you”, even as Sherlock wilted at their “why can’t you follow your brother’s example?”. Sure, why couldn’t Sherlock seek a job in government? Or become a famous musician, if he couldn’t do a proper job? Why did he have to throw his talents away solving crimes? For free, no less? How could he embarrass them by being a hopeless junkie? A failure? A blot on the family name? Why couldn’t he be more like Mycroft?
“Let’s get back on track, shall we?” Sherlock said, kissing John’s knuckles before letting go and clapping his hands together. He regretted it immediately. That was too much. Too forced. But he didn’t know what else to do. “You two have met. That’s great. Forget Mycroft. I don’t see the need to bring him up again for the rest of the day. So…”
God, he needed a cigarette. He’d been yearning for one since he got on the train, but John was so proud of him for quitting, so he couldn’t indulge now. Although John wasn’t here. He wouldn’t know if he just had one. Getting up, he sat on the sofa and dug under it for his Persian slippers.
John brushed past them, grabbed his jacket and went out, steps quick on the stairs. Sherlock did flinch as John shut the front door.
Sherlock slouched in his seat, staring out the window at the passing buildings, all much more fascinating than whatever Mycroft was going on about. He refused to say another word for the rest of the ride. Only when Mycroft pulled up in front of his hotel and fetched the crutches from the backseat did he speak.
“I’m real,” John said. Still gentle and reassuring. What did Sherlock look like that this man was peering at him like Sherlock might bolt away screaming at any moment? “Can I take a look? I won’t hurt you. I’m a doctor.”
“You’re doing pretty well, actually,” John said, standing up, the skin wrapped around his shoulders. “I was expecting worse.”
And he did feel insufficient. Long ago, before they knew themselves, Sherlock had once asked him if he ever wondered if something was wrong with them for not being able to feel what others did. Mycroft had answered with a firm “no”. There was nothing wrong. Yet now he asked himself if he wasn’t missing something. Was he, though? Hearing Greg’s voice on the phone brought him joy mingled with a deep seated melancholy and a yearning that he couldn’t shake. What else could this be but love? But of what kind? Did it even matter?
“Do let him get the job on his own without pulling any more strings,” Mrs. Hudson said. “He’s the sort to get upset if he doesn’t feel like he earned something on his own merit.”
“Well, not to his face. No, I think I actually like him though, even if he is totally full of himself. But, well…”
“Listen to Mrs. Hudson,” Mycroft said. “I see absolutely no reason to worry about John’s faithfulness, and who is more paranoid than me?”
Mycroft shot him an irked look for Sherlock’s sharp tone, as if he wasn’t used to it by now, but he did as he was told.
Sherlock turned to him. John was worried again. Always worried that Sherlock would run away and refuse any more contact, dooming him to an unhappy life of lonely telly watching and biscuit binging in the middle of the night.
The door knocker was straight. Mycroft was here. Christ, why did he have to be here? Hadn’t their last phone conversation been uncomfortable enough? It couldn’t be because it had been so very long since they’d seen each other. He had only kidnapped John three weeks ago. Cursing under his breath, Sherlock unlocked the door and went inside. Leaving his suitcase by the coat rack, he headed straight for 221A, whose door was already being opened by a smiling Mrs. Hudson.
“When Susan cheated on him, I was furious. As much as I may have fantasized about being with him like before in my low moments, I never wanted his marriage to falter. I have mixed feelings, as people say, about it now. There’s no chance of Greg having children with me, and yet…”
“No, you don’t.” Perhaps a little. “I’m the one who pushed you to consider other options, to find a relationship that can provide you with everything that you want. I want you to be happy. Are you happy?”
“I feel the need to say,” Greg said, “that I don’t agree with that in case you decide to goad Mycroft by telling him that I didn’t object to you being prettier than him.”
“An instrument-less existence sounds ghastly,” he said. “I don’t know how anyone could stand it. You absolutely made the right decision moving here.”
John touched Sherlock’s cheek and gave him a quick kiss, but he barely met Sherlock’s eyes, looking on the verge of tears. Had Sherlock’s thoughtless comment affected him this much?
“I know. I don’t doubt you, Mycroft. I…” Greg sighed, crossing his arms and rubbing his face. “I feel like I shouldn’t have brought it up. I’ve been ignoring it for so long and you’ve been ignoring it, but in all this ignoring, I think… Fuck, I don’t know what I’m saying. Look.”
“There’s nothing at all the matter with me except for Mycroft and Greg being impossible and the wretched criminals in this city being boring and not doing anything remotely interesting for ages and my brain rotting out of lack of stimulation and John’s train being late. It’s late. Trains aren’t supposed to be late. Don’t they have some precious timetable to adhere to? And while he thinks it’s sweet that I want to pick him up at the station, he wants to come here on his own this time. To normalize our comings and goings, he says. Sure. Fine. I can see his point. But that leaves me waiting here for an extra John-less half hour, except now it’s a John-less hour and twenty minutes because the bloody train is late.”
However, even when he thinks he’s collected all the data, John’s affection does not become dull to his eyes. Sherlock can’t bring himself to admit it out loud, but he loves it, every little things John does, Sherlock loves it deeply. It goes straight to his heart, makes him feel warm and appreciated. He allows himself to indulge in it, most of the times. He’s never really felt appreciated before, by anyone.
“As a human being I am genetically wired to care for younger individuals of my own specie. It’s called self-preservation,” Sherlock retorts, lighting his blowtorch and heading back to the kitchen, a scene that makes John giggle sarcastically.
The younger man takes a deep breath before speaking. “What I meant is you did what you thought was best. You couldn’t have foreseen the consequences, you acted on the data you had available at the time. You analysed pros and cons of every move, and opted for the one that could bring greater advantage with the minimum risk possible.”
Sherlock nods. Thankfully the actual explosive placed inside the bomb was not nearly as destructive as Mycroft had imagined. It wasn’t meant to harm them, merely to scare them. The explosion wasn’t even powerful enough to tear down the walls or the floor. With the workmen working full time as they are now, Sherlock has estimated it will take a couple more weeks until they can move in again.
Sherlock can’t see his face properly with the darkness, but he’s fairly sure John is smiling. He wonders what is making John smile at 1 am on a hot Tuesday night.
“What does she want?” John hisses, his jaw suddenly clenched with anger. “How dare she come here and bother you after—“
“You said you want to know how I did it,” he says. He isn’t able to explain it, but suddenly he has the feeling she won’t tell anyone. .
“So, I came here to see how my little brother is doing, after eighteen days of hospitalisation, and imagine my surprise when I found him having a playdate with his shooter.”
Sherlock smile happily at those words. The day has definitely been a success under every point of view.
What to expect: h/c and angst, mainly. In particular what happens in the last minutes of TST, John's letter, what happens immediately after the hug in TLD, and John trying to make it up to Sherlock for hitting him. But there's also Sherlock babysitting Rosie, twice, so not everything is sad and angsty.
“The whole time, yes,” Sherlock confirms, taking strength from Mrs Hudson’s warm hand on his shoulder.
“Okay, Rosie, are you hungry?” he asks. Although he’s sure she hasn’t actually understood the question, the sound of his voice seems to have calmed her down a bit, an indication that favours the need for attention hypothesis.
“I quite like Saint Petersburg… I might stay here for a while longer. But I’ll have to go eventually, it’s not safe to stay in the same place too long.”
She sits down awkwardly on the chair next to his bed, holding her large red purse on her knees with both hands. “How are you?”
He takes a sip of his tea and walks away, pretending what just happened doesn’t already have a special place in his mind palace.
“Done,” John announces just a minute later. “Grade one sprain, put some ice on it and rest for a couple of days. See? That was quick.”
“It is. I calculated when to aerate it and when to pull the curtains so that it would maintain the perfect temperature.”
them, he’s seen them already, he wants to know how they got there, but he’s overcome by a surge of affection at the question, thinking that it’s the only one that Sherlock, the detective, the great observer, could possibly ask.
He spends the following couple of hours holding Rosie as he talks to her about the most interesting cases he’s solved, while she slowly falls asleep in his arms, sucking on her dummy, her hands grabbing the buttons of his shirt.
Sherlock is fidgeting on his phone, repeatedly texting John how bored he is, when someone knocks at the door of his hospital room, completely taking him by surprise. He’s not expecting anyone.
“Still your doctor,” John replies, making Sherlock smile at the memories. John instructs Sherlock to further lift his shirt, until it’s rolled under his armpits. “It might be a bit cold,” he adds, before laying his hand on Sherlock’s bruised abdomen.
If his body is still attached to his head, he doesn’t know, he can’t feel it. He’s fluctuating in a cloud of light that muffles every sound. Slowly, over what could be seconds or minutes or hours, everything comes back to him. He escaped from the hospital to clear things with Mary, to make sure John knew who he was married to, to keep him safe.
A couple of hours later, when they’re both pyjama clad and ready for bed, they bump into each other as John walks out of Rosie’s room and Sherlock of the bathroom.
“I find myself more interested in men,” he adds, quickly realising it’s the first time he’s said that out loud. Once again, much to his surprise, there’s no embarrassment.  Sherlock has never come out – he believes that’s the term – to anyone before, so he doesn’t know which reaction to expect, but at the same time he isn’t too worried. This is Mary. She saved his life. She’s a friend.
“Oh, I know that smile!” Mary utters, and Sherlock realises his lips aren’t forming a straight line anymore. “Which song are we going to dance to?”
“Let’s hope Mrs Hudson doesn’t decide to come in, or we’ll never see the end of those rumours,” he adds, yawning.
He hugs her back. Whatever makes John happy. And if that makes Mary happy too, then it’s one further reason to pursue it.
At those words, Mycroft promptly took the stuffed dog from Rosie’s tiny hands. “Hello Rosamund, I am Mr Doggy. How do you do?” he said with a nasal voice down one tone from his usual one, moving the toy towards Rosie’s nose.
The only highlights of his days are John’s visits in the evening and, well, the morphine he’s still given.
“Everything you need is in the bag, nappies, milk, toys,” Mary explains. “If she cries, she probably needs food, or a change, or attentions.”
“Dance,” she reads. “Moving one’s body following a musical rhythm. As in ‘Sherlock owes me a dance’.”
With that, Mycroft leaves, and Sherlock is left laughing mirthlessly at that poor definition. Months away from everyone, on a mission, once would have truly sounded like the perfect holiday. But that was
He mourns the loss of contact with John’s hand in his hair as the doctor props himself up on his left elbow, using the other hand to spread the collar of his t-shirt until it reveals the small scar on his shoulder.
Of all the utterly unbelievable things that happened yesterday, meeting his sister, playing her evil game, almost killing himself to save John and his brother, finding out the truth about Victor, and eventually rescuing Eurus from herself, of all these things, hurting Molly Hooper was probably the worst part.
Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to John’s heartbeat in the silence of the room. London is a noisy, crowded city, but when Sherlock is in bed with John, everything else stops being relevant. There’s just John, his scent, his warmth, nothing else.
“Thank you Mrs Hudson,” he whispers, looking down at his hands in his lap. He was going to make the mistake once again. John said he couldn’t live with himself if anything happened to Rosie, and Sherlock knows he couldn’t either.
“We’ve already discussed this earlier today,” Sherlock replies immediately. He doesn’t want John to further bash himself. What is done is done. It is what it is. Sherlock has forgiven him. It’s okay.
“It doesn’t,” Mycroft states immediately, just the lightest flush across his cheeks. “Why would it?”
When he’s back, he immediately notices something is different. Sherlock isn’t sitting in his chair anymore, he’s on the sofa, legs crossed. He even moved the chairs so that the visual would be better.
What to expect: so much friendship, some bed sharing, John finding out about Sherlock's scars, Sherlock coming out for the first time, what Sherlock actually wanted to say on the tarmac.
Sherlock leaves with an excuse as soon as John walks in, right in time to cut the umbilical cord. As he walks out in the chilly air, Sherlock pulls out his phone once again and texts Mycroft.
Sherlock gets lost for a second in his puffy red-rimmed eyes, observing the residual wetness lingering on John’s eyelashes. “You really want to move back?”
“I am barefoot. The chances of you stepping on my toes are way too high to let you keep your shoes.”
A sense of gratefulness and just pure love settles into the detective’s stomach. Sweet, sweet John, so sweet that Sherlock thinks for a moment that sharing the truth with him wouldn’t be a such a terrible idea.
Sherlock irrationally feels as if he’s been caught red-handed. “It’s hardly the first baby born in the world,” he says, right before pulling his phone out and opening Twitter again.
One year, six months, and twenty-two days far away from home, traveling from village to village hidden in stinky trains, in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by forests and valleys and not much else. At least he’s back in a big city now, having again a taste of that urban life he forgot he enjoyed. He arrived in Saint Petersburg yesterday, got a haircut, ate a proper meal in a fast food chain he used to despise. He’ll be back on the road tomorrow, but for now he indulges in a freezing walk across Hermitage Square, breathing in the sight of the former Winter Palace, pretending that it’s Buckingham Palace and that he can now walk to Birdcage Walk and take a cab to Baker Street, and be home, with John.
“I calculated it, Sherlock, I swear,” she says, swallowing back a hiccup. “I calculated so that it wouldn’t damage any vital organ.”
, as John keeps putting it. Sherlock has just skipped the last couple of steps. A few, maybe. Ten tops.
What to expect: fluff and friendship, as usual. Very minor angst. Half of the chapter is the dance rehearsal scene!
“I called Mummy today,” Mycroft whispers. “I told her I had to talk to her, but I didn’t say what about. She’s coming with Dad tomorrow. I don’t know how I’m going to tell them what I’ve done.”
By the time Sherlock has solved the case, he has completely lost track of time. It’s dark outside. Everything is silent, just the occasional car.
“Nothing remarkable? The way you’re helping your sister after everything she’s done, that’s not remarkable, that’s… extraordinary,” John says, a realisation sinking down on him. He plays with the almost empty mug in his hands, the liquid inside spinning with the motion. “
That night, once dinner is over and Rosie is asleep, they sit at the kitchen table in front of one another, each busy with their own computer. While Sherlock catches up on his tweets, deleting the fans’ ones in order to keep clients only, John watches Mary’s video again and again, his earphones securely in his ears. And at some point, the truth about her words to Sherlock sinks down on him. The beginning,
