“Just because the majority follow, doesn’t make it right Naomi.” The wind ruffled his dark feathers as if to emphasize his words. “We as a race must all learn this or continue to suffer the consequences of our hubris. Angels are not infallible. I have been wrong before. Zachariah was wrong then and you are wrong now. It seems you, unlike me, cannot seem to learn from your mistakes. You seem unable or unwilling to grow above what we were taught. There is so much more to this life than the one sided views we were spoon fed for millennia...”
As Castiel barely stood under his own power, more blood pooling at his feet than she’d seen in her brief time as an Angel, she watched Naomi raise her hand and strike him over and over with the handle of the blade. This was no longer about making an example. This was torture…and Naomi was enjoying it. The sparkle in her eye reflected the blood lust she was feeling.
“What about you and Crowley?” Castiel growled out as he stepped closer. Dean felt Naomi stiffen at his back.
Out of duty, Cas glanced at the list again, though he had it almost memorized by now. “Your list is fairly comprehensive. I can’t think of anything else to add.”
As Dean got to the last button, leaving the one closest to his neck undone, he nodded. “I always tried to pretend I didn’t get the jokes that Crowley and the Angels made…”
Castiel let the silence fall as he felt Chuck all but studying him. He began his sentence multiple times but couldn’t quite get the words out. Finally, he took a breath. “Then you know that I….”
Naomi smiled brightly then, menace in her tone. Cas let out a breath, feeling comfort in the familiar. He knew her next move now. “Well then, I guess you leave me no choice.” Naomi called for the Angels, who came in within seconds and four descended upon him. He didn’t fight. This part he’d expected. His hands were pulled behind his back and cuffed. These cuffs were similar to those on earth embedded with Enochian symbols, but Angel made. He was aware of their weaknesses but those couldn’t be manipulated now. Two Angels pulled his wings and pinned them to his side and he bit back a growl of pain. He locked eyes with Naomi but he said nothing as they led him back the way he’d came…to the training room. Here he knew her next play, and he only hoped he hadn't been wrong in thinking he still had cards to be played in response.
“Cas, you and Dean stop being antisocial and come blow out the candles on your cake!” Jody barked out and they both quickly came to gather around the table.
“How long were planning on keeping this a secret?” Jody pursed her lips and raised her eyebrows as she asked.
“God….” Mary murmured before cradling her head in her heads. “This is all way above my paygrade. How do you boys deal with this all the time?”
“ANGELS!” screamed the demons in a terrified chorus. Their shrieks combined with the voices of the Angels made Dean sure his ears were bleeding. He could even feel the warmth of the blood sliding down the side of his face.
They laid there in the quiet for several minutes, their limbs intertwined before Dean locked eyes with him and spoke. “Sorry that wasn’t actually sex…I usually have a bit more stamina than that…”
Dean sat there a moment, trying to make sense of it. He tilted his head as if he too could hear it. “Why are they blasting Angel Radio nonstop? Is it for everyone?”
“Well, that wouldn’t be much fun now would it?” cooed a tall, broad shouldered female demon at the foot of the stage. She had blonde hair cut in a harsh bob at her chin and she gave a devilish grin. “You’ll be dead soon, though, so no worries there.” She jumped up on the stage, the black leather suit she was wearing creaking with her movements. Her voice boomed through the coliseum. “Ladies and Gentlemen, well you know what I mean, welcome! Today we crown the new King, or Queen, “she added with a wink, “of Hell. Too long we have dealt with weak, foolish, or absent leadership! Today we become a force to again reckon with!” A cheer rose through the crowd mixed with whistles and catcalls. “The winner will get the pleasure, the honor, of killing our most dreaded foes, The Winchesters!” Boos and hisses thundered around the room. It shook the building, making bits of ceiling rain down. “How many of our numbers have they killed? How many times did our own King help them, our enemies?!” The crowd was getting out of hand. Dean could swear he felt his bones vibrating from the jeers and stomping. He thought about praying to Cas, but what could one Angel do against hundreds of demons? He’d only die with them…and that was unacceptable. He tried to shut down and not reach out to Cas in an inadvertent prayer.
Dean laid back on the bed, putting one arm over his eyes as he felt overwhelmed by Cas’ seemingly infinite patience with his emotionally constipated self. He felt overwhelmed in general. This really had been an exhausting day. He suddenly felt Cas’ weight shifting on the bed, and he peeked out from under his arm. Cas was yanking at the knot of his tie, loosening it as he looked down at him with determination. It was Dean’s turn to quirk his head as Cas jerked off his coat and tossed it on the bay window seat. Dean swallowed as Cas undid his tie with a jerk and tossed it away as well. He’d rarely seen Cas with so few layers. He felt positively scandalized at the sight of no coat…and now he could see his chest peeking out from the buttons he was rapidly undoing, his dress shirt falling open, and suddenly his brain caught up, like a fast forward button on an old VHS tape.
Dean’s attention was pulled away from the fray by two armored figures peeling off the from group and heading for them. One came up to him, but his ears rang too loud for him to hear. The figure appeared to get frustrated and ripped off her helmet before pressing her hand to his face. The ringing abruptly stopped, and Dean could focus on her face. She was dark skinned with long, wavy black hair. She looked decidedly annoyed.
Cas' unexpected smile took Dean aback as he leaned away from him surprise as he laughed softly. “Another thing I have done before even as an Angel. Angels aren’t immortal, and looking at the odds, not much more durable than humans in the grand scheme of things…”
“No, he wouldn’t want us to tell everyone. You’re right. If he needs us, he can find us. Let’s get packed…” Dean said with the first hint of excitement in his tone that he’d had in months. Guilt for that plagued his mind a moment, but he knew Cas would understand, nor would he expect him to sit around and wait on the slim chance something happened. They both knew well enough that time did not pause for them.
It really had been a great week. Mom even joined up with them in Dallas. Dean didn’t want to be farther from the bunker than they could drive overnight so 8 hours was his limit, and everyone agreed it was acceptable terms. The week had been a blur of sightseeing for Jack, arcades, karaoke, and general goofing off that Dean could get behind. He couldn’t help himself and of course had to check out the local papers to make sure there weren’t any cases nearby, but things seemed quiet here, at least on the hunter front. They’d just gotten in from a late-night round of putt putt and he was beat. He kicked off his shoes and flopped down hard on the bed, letting it envelope him.  They had a suite for the four of them, which was a little cramped but doable. He’d definitely needed this. Now if Jack would get his biweekly okay from Cas he’d feel completely relaxed…well not really. There was no completely relaxed, but this was about as close as he got. He switched on the tv and leaned back. A pang of longing hit him out of nowhere but he was used to it. Even before he and Cas were a thing, he’d missed him and worried when he wasn’t around. Now it was worse but it was no use moping around about it. Cas was in Heaven training Angels…his own needs and worries were small in comparison. He groaned and stood up on his worn out feet as he heard a soft knocking at the door. He put on a brave face and opened the door for Jack and Sam as they came in carrying their laundry from the laundry room. Yeah, things were going to be okay.
Chuck laughed softly. “You’re right.” He twirled around on his stool to face Castiel. “Why did I resurrect you so many times, and then not this last time? It’s a fair question. I brought you back to help Sam and Dean. I…I didn’t want to be God anymore, and those two, as much as they screw up, do a pretty good job at keeping the Earth spinning. They needed you. Those two alone couldn’t do it, and I couldn’t trust that another of my Angels would step in to do the job. You have always been determined when devoted to a task. You admired humanity and felt the need to protect it above the orders of the Angels…That’s why I put the order in through Joshua for you to be the one to save Dean from hell. Sure, the Angels wanted him out to get the Apocalypse rolling. If I’d let him stay down there, no Apocalypse, but also, no wonder team to help save the world. Yeah, Dean made a bad deal, but he didn’t deserve Hell. I knew there were other Angels capable of the task, but I knew you’d keep Dean safe as soon as you met him. You’d admire him for all his faults.” Chuck nodded his head to the side. “Now, did I expect you two to fall for each other? No. Complete surprise on my part, and it takes talent to surprise me.” Chuck pointed his pencil at Cas with a smirk.
“Oh, continue. Don’t sugarcoat it on my amount,” Dean said as he walked back in, having changed out of his pajama pants and into jeans in the minute he’d been gone.
"You wouldn't have believed me if I told you it was so different. I figured since you'd have sex when you were human you'd know..." Dean's voice came out hesitant at the end, not wanting to linger on that thought now. He had slept with so many more people than Cas but the thought of that reaper having her hands on his fragile, human Cas...It had always filled him with white hot jealousy but now? Seeing how soft, how helpless he felt in his arms...It was more rage than jealousy now.
Claire came over to them then and leaned against the wall as well, next to Cas. “Crowds,” she murmured and Dean and Cas both nodded their agreement. “Kaia and I are a thing,” she added bluntly and Dean and Cas both looked to her in tandem confusion.
Chuck sighed and rolled his eyes. “Of course you did. You really have been around Dean and Sam too long. Let the Empty come. I’ve a few words for it.”
Sam shot a concerned look to his brother over the kitchen table. He’d taken Cas’ absence much harder than usual. It had been several weeks and he still hadn’t gotten out of his funk. He’d called their mom home, and Mary sat beside Dean at the table, making idle chat about a recent hunt she went on. Jack looked up from his breakfast and locked eyes with Sam. They both looked again at Dean. He’d been sullen, combative, and depressed. It was much like the days following Cas’ death. He sat there poking at his scrambled eggs with the fork, pushing them around the plate with little enthusiasm.
Castiel glanced around and frowned, the lines of his forehead creasing as he did so. “This isn’t your typical choice. The room entrances are inside and only accessible by elevator or stairs. Lots of entrances and exits. Not easy to secure in a fight…Are you sure?”
Cas visibly convulsed with pleasure. His voice was breathy and soft. “I…uh…I have them tucked away in the celestial void.”
Dean took several deep breaths and rolled his head to the left so he could see his face. “I’m ready,” He murmured as he brought a hand back to run it along Cas’ side.
Dean rolled his eyes and a muscle in his jaw flexed as he laughed bitterly. “So, you’re saying I’m the weak link here?” Saying it out loud made him want to argue the point more...but the evidence presented itself quite well. Of all the humans in this fight, he WAS the most likely to be targeted for death.
Dean stuck his head in, a glint in his eyes Cas couldn’t explain as he held the door. Cas could tell from the dampness of his hair and the way his Henley clung to him he was freshly showered and he shoved back the very human longing he’d been burying since the day he came back. Dean didn’t need to deal with that.
Dean winced and went to sit next to him, checking his breathing reflexively as he brushed a stray strand of hair from his forehead, which was damp with sweat for the first time in Dean's memory as well. “I won’t fail him this time, Chuck.”
Castiel nodded his head at Dean, acknowledging he wasn’t wrong. “Mary, she has done many terrible things in the name of protecting Heaven but by far her biggest sin in my eyes was her stealing my memories and turning me against Sam and Dean…. She had me practice murdering Dean thousands upon thousands of times. She is a dangerous, manipulative, bitch as Dean has so eloquently described her.”
“Says the deity who ran away like a scared child when his sister threw a temper tantrum,” growled the Shadow as he gestured wildly.
Cas dropped his eyes shyly again, and Dean could swear the Angel was just as nervous as he was. “We understand each other, Dean, and I…uh…I have one more to show you. I’m not sure about it though…I have nothing to base the idea off of, except what I believe you might have wanted in life, had you been raised to be given the choice.”
Sam spoke quietly from the doorway, acknowledging the elephant in the room. “So, what do we do now?”
Dean tugged on the tie, and Castiel took the moment to step closer. “You, Commander Castiel, wearing a dress shirt and tie under your armor. Only you, Cas.” His easy grin turned a tiny bit unsure as Cas stepped more into his space, making his lower back press into the counter behind him. Cas, who was normally a bit standoffish, felt almost predatory, in all the right ways. Dean’s eyes tightened and he lifted an eyebrow. “You enjoyed that out there today didn’t you?”
A sideways grin appeared slowly on Cas’ face. “I am aware that arguing is futile, so I agree to your terms. You can come with me. See, I do learn.”
"I like the way you think, Winchester," Cas murmured as he reached over and turned off the bedside lamp. Neve
Naomi smiled but the smile didn't reach her cold, calculating eyes. “You must understand, Castiel. These new angels have saved Heaven. Our species going extinct is simply not something we can ever let happen again. Now, I’m not going to point fingers as to the catalyst for much of our species’ destruction…but we both know you owe a debt you can never repay. You have blood on your hands and servitude is the only way to change that.”
Nodding in agreement, Cas glanced out the window. “Yes, it has. Claire told me she and Kaia have been hunting as well, so I think they are handling some of the smaller cases. Not that I approve but as she said quite vocally she does not need my approval. If it makes her happy, I am glad. Since it is my fault she was exposed to the supernatural in the first place.”
“They’re letting you return?” Jack added before anyone else could. His eyes were eager but cautious.
Enid, mirroring Cas' position across the table with Josiah and Kirah flanking her, immediately responded. “Commander, the Choir has taken control of Heaven. Naomi and those that follow her have been expelled to Earth."
“Yes, but….ugh, Dean. Please don’t try to share any of your gross conquest stories. I’m glad your in a good mood but I really don’t need details..” Sam groaned as he assumed what Dean was talking about, holding a hand up to stop him.
Castiel sighed and his shoulders slumped in defeat. He took a steadying breath and his voice was soft, controlled, and much different than only a moment before. “Give me a few minutes, and yes, we can go.” He stood, turned on his heel and walked down the hall to the bedrooms.
Enthusiastically, Dean quickly unzipped his pants and popped the button before grabbing the end of Cas’ tie to pull him up on his knees and crushed their mouths together. Cas immediately slid his hand down Dean’s unbuttoned pants and under his underwear to press his palm over the hot length hidden under the layers. Dean whimpered softly when Cas wrapped his fingers around him and began to pump him as their mouths found their own pace. Castiel again fisted Dean’s hair between the fingers of his free hand and Dean wrapped one hand to the back of his neck and the other slid under the back of his dress shirt, digging his nails into the small of his back.
HIs plush lips even more swollen from kissing, Cas murmured against Dean's ear. “Do birthday wishes normally work so fast? I still maintain it
“Dean…” Cas growled out as he slid his hand down and wrapped his hand around the heft of Dean. “I need you. Before I have to leave, I want…”
Dean nuzzled into his thigh and laid another soft kiss there. “But I want to…” he murmured as he laid his first experimental kiss on the head of his dick.
“I tried to stall but I can only do so much guys,” Sam murmured in apology before they trailed inside like scolded children, Claire bringing up the rear with a smug smile.
Mills,” Mary bit back. “Isn’t this like some form of bestiality to you Angels?” Mary wrinkled her nose at Castiel, who clenched his jaw and found the carpet with his eyes as Dean had.
Castiel briefly caught Bobby up on why his presence was required in Heaven. Bobby shook his head and scratched the stubble on his chin.
He moved his thumb away and slid in his pointer finger, moving it slowly in a “come here” motion as he rubbed against Cas’ prostate. Cas almost rocketed off the bed and Dean had to all but hold him down, his mouth still locked around his cock. The lights got very bright and Dean winced and covered his head with a hand instinctively but as he stilled his finger, the lights went back to normal and he slid slowly up and off. “Cas…” Dean said accusingly, with humor, as Cas sat up, wild eyed with his hair in disarray and glared at Dean.
“Well, that makes a hellava lot of sense. I thought I’d forgotten to pay an electric bill I didn’t know I owed,” Bobby chuckled as he glanced at the occasionally flickering light above him. “Cas, for what’s it worth, thanks for coming. I’ve already been down the angry spirit road once before. I’d rather not go back.”
Dean smiled, flashing his teeth and leaning into his touch. “No, I thought you might have changed your mind. I hear Aberia has the hots for teacher…” He winked before laying a shy hand on the metal chest plate.
“Cas…” Dean whispered out, his lips brushing against his Adam’s apple as Castiel’s hands moved under his shirt, sliding his fingers over his ribs. Cas’ mouth moved to his as his other hand cupped Dean’s face, his thumb brushing at the corner of his mouth like he could open himself more to him. Dean straddled Cas’ lap, his jean-clad thighs on either side of Cas’ black slacks as he worked to get the trench coat down and off his arms.  Castiel slid his thumb along the cut of Dean’s forehead, tracing the stitches he’d just put in while they waited for his Grace to replenish. Dean chucked his coat to the front seat and busied his hands with Cas’ belt, Castiel assisting by lifting his ass off the seat.
Cas’ eyes opened as he felt Dean begin to stir. The light outside had changed and shifted, giving away the passing of the time. Dean sighed sleepily, then feeling an arm around him, sat straight up in bed, his back rigid with immediate tension. He looked over in alarm a moment, his eyes visibly confused until his mind caught up with him, then he flopped back on the pillows in relief. “Shit, I forgot where I was.”
“Do you think Sam and Dean would have been better off without me?” Castiel said quietly as Chuck returned to his desk.
Pamela laughed at Dean’s incredulous expression and shrugged her shoulders. “I’m dead, not blind, Dean. Well, not anymore,” Then she winked at Cas.
Dean’s cheeks flushed light pink and he licked his lips, having great satisfaction in watching Cas’ eyes track his movement. “Give me like ten minutes and a glass of water and that is one thing I can agree with.”
“Sir, there is an Angel at the entrance requesting your presence,” he said as Dean quickly awoke at the new noise. Before Cas could answer, Dean was sitting, bright eyed, at his side. As a hunter, you became a light sleeper or you died.
“No...” Cas said with a small shake of his head. His simple response threw Dean off for a moment, but only a moment.
“She was not. I have done terrible things, both in the name of and in defiance of Heaven…” Castiel locked eyes with Aberia then, reading her reaction. Dean knew all of this already but hearing Castiel admit it so openly came as a shock.
Castiel laughed, deep and sincerely enough that Dean’s eyes widened. It was a laugh he was sure hed never heard. “Dean, that was the best moment of my entire long existence. Let’s not downplay it. There will be plenty enough time for more when I an free.”
Dean bit his lip as he gripped the sheets in between his fingers, watching Cas arch his back as he touched himself. It had been his idea to help Cas get some control over his orgasms…there were only so many times they could change the light-bulbs in the bunker before Sam got annoyed, no matter how supportive he’d been about their relationship revelation. Dean had never considered he’d be the one suffering for his own idea though.
“Naomi was long tasked with reforming rogue soldiers such as me. I was apparently a thorn in her side for millennia…but I remember little of it because she destroyed many of my memories. However, our last session together was restored to me…as much as I wish it was not. Her tool of choice was a drill.” Castiel’s eyes studied the table as he recounted it. “I can vividly remember the way it felt going into my right eye as she bored her way into my skull to extract every memory of loyalty to Sam and Dean. I remember how she had me slaughter copy after copy of Dean until I didn’t hesitate.” He untucked his hands and stared at them. “The first hundred times or so, I refused. She took my fist, shoved my blade handle into Dean’s heart over and over. I can still feel the warmth of his blood on my hands….” He looked up and locked eyes with Aberia then. “Despite my revulsion, my protests, and despite what she incorrectly assumed my relationship with Dean was, she persisted. Even seemed somewhat delighted at the process…. I am sure I would have continued to be her puppet if not for Dean and the Angel tablet breaking me of her hold.” He shivered slightly and Dean put a comforting hand in one of his. “You do not have to agree with my choices, Aberia, but you need to aware of the ones she makes as well.” The table had fallen silent during Castiel’s speech, the descriptions sinking into the silence.
Dean rolled his eyes and nudged him back. “It’s no fun alone. Sam’s too busy being domestic and you’re buried in your cover. I’m like Anna asking you to build a fucking snowman every day.”
As Castiel turned toward the stage, his eyes tightened as he saw Aberia and Debriel standing there, unmoved. “You heard my orders….” Castiel said with a harsh tone. Dean noted that his wings seemed to fluff out in aggravation as he spoke. Debriel shifted uncomfortably in his armor, his face as yet unseen by Dean.
“That it does. I can’t find a reason to complain about it though...” Cas said with a knowing smile as he looked over to where Dean was looking.
Everyone that required sleep had dispersed to their rooms for a few hours of it, except for Dean. He had fallen asleep In the chair next to Cas. Castiel had laid his hand over Dean's as he dozed, thankful that he got to see his face again. All of their faces. In the moments leading up to Naomi’s final strike, he’d felt assured of his death. His only regret in that moment was knowing that his family would never know what happened to him and he would not get to say goodbye. He’d given Aberia that last message in the hopes she would take his place as their guardian. It had been a dim hope but if any of them would fulfill his wishes, he thought it would be her. Though their relationship was a rocky one, she was a good Angel, and she had had the most time to meet the humans on Earth. There had been something about her from the start Cas had liked, and hated. She’d come into existence with an attitude, and considering Castiel had always been accused of being created flawed, he’d found her differences endearing. He’d die before he told her so though.
“I am a killer, I can’t argue that point, but Aberia, the things I did, the Angels I killed…They were trying to start another Apocalypse that would kill every man, woman, and child on this Earth. Many of them…Others I had no choice but to kill in self-defense. I have been tortured mercilessly by many of my own kind, only for not siding with them in their petty affairs of Heaven. I’ve been cut open with Angel blades, had needles pierced into my brain, I’ve had Angels who were my friends threaten to remove …extremely personal parts of my anatomy merely out of spite and the inkling of suspicion as to my feelings for Dean…and the things Naomi did to me overshadow all of those. I cannot live in Heaven. I can never trust Heaven again.” Dean’s eyes grew wide as Cas spoke and his jaw clenched. Castiel felt his tension and he put a hand on his shoulder.
Aberia’s eyes traveled down Castiel’s scantily clad form with a raised, judgmental eyebrow. “Of that I can already see. “Dean stifled a cough of embarrassment as his ears burned and he could have sworn he saw Sam chuckle to himself. “I….I will try this breakfast…but then we must return to Heaven.” Aberia added as she nodded at Jack. He beamed in response.
”Oh, well, I mean we didn’t really plan this. It kind of just happened on a hunt back when Sam was helping Garth out with some research…” Dean scratched the back of his neck as he stole a look to Cas, remembering that night with a glint in his eye.
The Shadow crossed his arms and glowered. “Doesn’t matter. I’ll have Castiel, eventually. I may not get to have you today, but when I do…Oh you just thought the last time was bad.” Dean looked over questioningly, noting his nervous swallow and the tension lines form around his eyes. Cas hadn’t mentioned anything about the circumstances he’d found himself in when he was in the Empty and Dean hadn’t asked. He would remedy that shortly.
Cas stepped back toward the front door but not making a move to leave, just giving space they both appeared to need. “You’re too drunk to have this conversation, Dean. Go to bed. I’ll watch over you.”
The Michael Sword and the Shield of God completely removed from Heaven’s influence…were more powerful than they could possibly imagine. And uncontrollable. The forces of Heaven and Hell shuddered at once at this newfound truth.
He shook his head sadly and he let out a tired sigh as he turned back to gesture at Naomi. “Aberia, I’ve seen too many angels die because they refused to alter their mindsets in the least and I’ve never rejoiced in any of their deaths, nor do I rejoice in Naomi’s now. Am I glad she is no longer a threat to me or those I care about? Of course, but no matter what they do to me, they are still Angels. We are all connected. For better or worse.”
“Angels come to me. It’s been that way for Millenia…” The shadow growled out, banging a hand on the table, making the silverware clatter noisily. Dean felt sick watching the creature in Cas’ form, like looking into a fun house mirror.
“Because of you, I am in some places,” Cas said huskily before he stepped back to the bed. Dean felt his face grow flushed at Castiel’s increasing boldness about their relationship. He wished he had the luxury of letting himself think of what life could be like without an enemy to fight and wars to be won. He wanted to let himself get lost in looking forward to more than five minutes alone together and what they could do with such time, but he didn’t get that luxury. At least not today. Cas may have stepped toward the bed but it wasn’t to continue with their earlier activities sadly. He picked up the chest plate and Dean sighed in resignation as he slipped off his over shirt and spread his arms to be fitted with the chest piece. He knew this wasn’t going to make the other Angels happy, but if that was how Cas was going to try to win arguments, he better get used to conceding. However, it was more of a win-win situation in his book.
Through gritted teeth, Jack spoke. “Angel…Radio…Somethings…wrong. It’s chaos…a mass of screaming and static. I can’t make out a coherent thought.” Dean and Sam both lowered their weapons as the perceived threat was proven to not be in the room. It took them all a moment to let the words sink in before two sets of eyes found Dean’s. He set his pistol on the nightstand and he instinctively looked Heavenward, dropping his gun back onto the comforter as he pushed up off the floor.
“That was your fault…” Cas groaned out; his pupils blown to black holes as he flopped back on the pillow. “Do it again…” He moaned as he bucked his pelvis up.
Castiel smiled but suddenly grimaced and rotated his shoulder uncomfortably. “First of all, can you help me with this armor. It was my idea, and it will save Angel lives, but it’s not the most comfortable thing I’ve ever worn.”
It was a different kind of peace they'd been experiencing. No Chuck. No Lucifer. No one pulling their strings, but with that came an odd unrest. Sam had found new focus in Eileen, brought back by Jack when he’d set the world to rights. Dean had confided in Cas that he was fairly certain there would be talk of them moving in together soon, and he wasn’t sure if it would be Eileen here or Sam there. Castiel and Eileen had developed a comfortable friendship, he was happy to say. It was nice to have a confidante he could share his human feelings with, and he knew Sam was very happy. He had found an excellent partner in her. She was one of the best humans he’d ever met, and with her hardships, she fit right into the Winchester family.
Castiel's body language changed in a moment as he stood taller. “No, that would make me more powerful than you, Naomi,” Castiel said with a growl of defiance, strength behind his eyes finally. He looked up and locked eyes with her. “Your power has always been in your given authority and your ability to reprogram us. I no longer accept your authority over me, and I will most certainly never put myself in a position to let you reprogram me ever again…”
“Castiel, Naomi wants to see you in her office,” one of the few remaining older Angels commanded, interrupting one of his training sessions. Cas’ forehead drew down in suspicion and his eyes tightened. He nodded for one of the other Angels to take over and he followed behind, his wings tight to his body in nervousness. Something wasn’t right. She'd never been one to interrupt his work, despite her feelings for him. The Angel leading him was no friend of his either, and never had been. His name was Haal if he recalled correctly. Haal’s posture was tight and purposeful and he didn’t speak at all on the way to Naomi’s office. As he entered, Cas noted Duma and three other Angels waiting to the left and right of her door. He faltered in his tracks, knowing this was a trap. It had to be, but he had no choice but to follow through. He watched as several of the Angel’s eyes fell to the floor, not able to make eye contact with him. That only confirmed his suspicions. it took every ounce of his self control not to break ranks and flee. She was making a move here, and he didn't yet know what it was. Dread filled him as he knew he was vastly outnumbered with not a single ally in the room...
They got out together and Cas saw Dean dig his phone out and type rapidly before sliding it back in his pocket. “Okay. Time for pie,” Dean grinned as he gave him a wink. It was Cas’ turn to be flustered as he stumbled over the curb and caught himself on the Impala’s hood. Dean grinned to himself but hid it by biting his lip as he made it to the door first and held the door for him, the little bell at the door chiming as he did so. “Ah. I could just smell this place all day. Come on.” Dean gently grabbed Cas’ elbow and guided him to the bakery cases. “What do you think? A cake? Cupcakes? What do you like?”
Dean swallowed hard and got on all fours and leaned down, planting soft, wet kisses along Cas’ stomach as he worked his way down. Cas’ breathing stuttered and Dean looked up at him with questioning in his eyes. Castiel met his eyes, his lids heavy and his eyes heated as he nodded. Dean proceeded to lay soft kisses down the line of his stomach until he met with Cas’ member. He hesitated a moment, sheer inexperience making him hesitate.
“Damned is probably right,” Castiel whispered before sliding his full lips around Dean’s length, moaning in tandem as Dean let a soft moan escape his own lips. Dean had been worried Cas wouldn’t know what he was doing, but holy hell. Cas was a little clumsy with it at first but he was enthusiastic and apparently had no gag reflex. Dean’s eyes rolled back in his head as he discovered that one, his tip bumping the back of Castiel’s throat. His knees shook as his mouth and tongue made him cry out, his voice echoing in the empty library. He had the mouth of a literal Angel wrapped around his dick, and the Angel in question’s tongue was tracing his length with every stroke. Oh yeah, they were both on the fast track to damned, however he couldn’t bring himself to care. He’d wanted this, Cas, for so long. To suddenly have this be happening was completely overwhelming. He usually prided himself on his stamina….but who could blame him at this moment? He looked down at the glorious sight below him. Castiel’s face was actually flushed, something Dean never saw. He put one hand lovingly on the back of his head, letting his fingers slide into the almost feather soft mop of dark brown hair he’d grown to love.
Cas had glanced at his healing body in the mirror and made a very human gesture of brushing a stray strand of his brunette hair back into place that had fallen onto his forehead. "That logic works for humans, Dean. You can't afford to show weakness to other humans or when on a hunt. Angels don't think that way. Yes, it shows I'm still healing, but it will remind them fully what Naomi is capable of. That is what needs to be focused on now. I need to be seen as the victim, not an instigator or a rebel."
“I’m hungry. I’m going to find myself some food,” Cas said as he tied the laces of the tennis shoes Dean had packed extra.
“Yes, or getting too close to your Winchesters…” Naomi said with a raised eyebrow. “Which is another indiscretion we are willing to forgive to allow you back in the fold.”
Cas turned to him and picked up his hand and wrapped it in both of his own. His voice was soft and understanding as he squeezed his hand gently. “Dean, I know all of this. This is something I've thought about for months…for years. Before this, before us…I still wanted it. I love humanity. Being an Angel is not something I have ever loved.”
Dean shook his head and fought the pinprick of tears at the corner of his eyes. “Seeing you like this…I can just imagine how alone you felt…hungry, cold...and you had nothing. And I…” Dean’s voice cracked, and he turned his head to break eye contact. Seeing him this way, looking into those fresh eyes and knowing he'd turned his back on him before. It was too much.
“Communication breakdown. It’s good, but not top thirteen good,” Dean added before he began lip-syncing every word while never looking away from the windshield. Cas divided his time between pretending to not be watching Dean and listening to the quick tempo’d song.
“So you notice that, but don’t notice it’s been more than a hot minute since I went out chasing tail?” Dean said with a light laugh as he stepped to the fridge and pulled out a soda, determined to make his point that he’d changed.
“No. Haven’t heard. I’m sure they are heading back to the hotel soon. The show started at 9. I was just watching some Netflix….” Deans aid as he glanced at the tv and the Are You Still Watching was plastered on the screen. “I….might have taken a small nap.”
“Chuck may be all-powerful, but he is not a warrior. He is a creator. Also, if I chose not to return, they would send the Angels to retrieve me. I will not bring danger like that down on you.”
Dean coughed on the bite of pancake he’d already shoveled into his mouth, glancing over at Aberia. “Oh, we’re just gonna throw it out there like that?”
“We had a deal…” Cas growled out low in his throat and pushed him back toward his crotch. Dean grinned because he knew Cas wasn’t using even a minimal amount of his strength and if Dean had said no, he’d have respected it. There was something about the element of danger without any actual danger that thrilled him.
Cas stood and stumbled, not having drunk this much yet as a human, but Dean was at his elbow immediately. “Hey, birthday boy. Let’s get you to bed.” He threw his arm around Cas’ waist in a way that, totally sober, would have had them both flushing pink, but now, with their faces already pink from the alcohol, felt comfortable. They passed Claire and Kaia’s guestroom on the way to Cas’ room and Claire gave Dean a salute that he rolled his eyes at, unseen by Cas.
Cas was suddenly jolted out of his own thoughts as he began his descent down the stairs to a chorus of voices shouting at once, “Happy Birthday, Cas!” Cas stopped in his tracks at the sudden onslaught but Dean came up behind and nudged him along. Around the War Room table were Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia, Alex, Patience, Sam, and Eileen.
“I have…by force…” Castiel said as he gestured to his throat, his voice going soft with remembered guilt. His fingertips lingered on his throat as he remembered his own ripped out by force at the hands of Metatron and the crease between his eyebrows formed as he swallowed nervously.
“There is a library we haven’t seen as well, a small one. The garage is off the back and Baby is there already. The backyard has some of those…twinkle lights I think you called them…So you can entertain your friends outdoors if you like, after dark. There’s a fire pit as well as a grill on the brick patio. You can of course change anything you like…” Cas babbled on as Dean remained speechless. “I can visit you when you like…” was the line that broke Dean of his tied tongue. He turned, noting Cas was still hanging in the doorway.
“Hey, Cas…” Castiel looked toward him and waited. “You, uh….you have any resolutions for the New Year?” Castiel was so still that Dean would have thought he hadn’t heard him, but he knew better. In year’s past he would have hurried him for a response. Now, he waited. See, growth.
Castiel startled at the sudden change in conversation and turned as Chuck circled him. “I….I’m not sure. Naomi said I’d always been rebellious.”
“Pizza…No, cheeseburgers…No…” Castiel’s memory flitted from food to food, making even Dean’s angry face wilt away.
“You got dad jokes….be safe,” Dean said with a smile as he put his socked feet up on the coffee table.
He turned with a concerned look on his face and Cas laughed gently. Dean noted Cas’ posture was nervous, his hands shoved in his pockets and his shoulders rolled in upon himself. “You just did. Besides, there’s no need to censor people here.”
Cas relaxed physically as he had confirmation that he was at least in the right place. He stepped further into the room and shut the door softly. “Dean, I received your confusing text. Where is Sam?”
“Oh God,” he groaned out, slack-jawed as his eyes screwed shut at a particular swirl of his tongue. Dean dug his nails into the thick of Cas’ thighs as he blew him, his own dick a thick, painful reminder of the reciprocation he was promised, still tucked away in his jeans. He looked up Cas’ body and they locked eyes until Cas threaded his strong fingers through his hair and tugged gently as he thrust up into his mouth. Dean slid back down, taking him in to the fullest, a skill that had come with much, much practice. The reward was always great because it never failed to make Cas slip into Enochian…not that he could understand him but that low timbre was all manner of hot. The ancient language made his bones ache as Cas groaned out exclamations of praise and pleasure, making Dean all the more invested.
Castiel got a pained look in his eye and shook his head slowly. “That’s not fair. I was newly human with no one to help me regulate all the emotions and sensations that came with it…And you know it. You have no right to bring Nora and April up with everyone you’ve been with. No right,” Castiel’s face became angry. “And you don’t think I worry you’ll discard me at my most vulnerable like you did then? Of course, I worry about that, but I am trying to put my trust in you because I believe in you. Can’t you do the same?”
“Yeah, that’s definitely him,” Dean said with a small laugh before he rebuckled his seatbelt. “Damn demons.”
Cas tilted his head again and stepped into his room, plopping down heavily on his bed before clumsily taking off his boots and tossing them toward the wall. He blinked tiredly at his open door, waiting to hear Dean’s familiar footsteps. He didn’t have to wait long, thankfully, and Dean came in holding a cupcake with his hand cupped around a lit candle jammed into it. He kicked the door shut with his foot before walking toward Cas and sitting beside him on the bed. “Did you make a wish when you blew your candles out?”
The female sighed in visible frustration. “I know what he said, Debriel. You don’t have to quote him. It’s just hard to see, okay?”
“Castiel, you wanted to see me?” Naomi said coolly as she opened the door to her office. Her eyes were alight with curiosity and wariness as her hand rested on the inside doorknob.
“I don’t know. Jack!” Dean gently shook him again, unsure of what to do, when Jack’s eyes slowly opened back up and a smile spread across his face.
“They are the keeper of the Empty…” Castiel ground out between gritted teeth, unable or unwilling to maintain eye contact with the Cas creature in front of him.
“Sorry it took me a few extra minutes to bring you back, Castiel. I must have gotten distracted and lost track of time…. How’s Dean?” Chuck said with a smile evident in his tone.
Chuck shook his head and he smiled fully this time. “Really, really amazing. You realize Lucifer and Metatron are the only other Angels that would ever talk to me that way?”
“We agree,” Duma spoke hastily before anyone else could say anything. Each of them stepped to the side of a winged Angel and all of Naomi’s remaining Angels disappeared, leaving nothing but Cas and his small army alone with Naomi’s corpse.
Dean swallowed once and licked his lips as Cas turned to look back at the window and they didn’t speak again till he was parking the Impala in the sparsely occupied grocery store parking lot.
Dean huffed out an angry breath, still pressed against the wall by merely a fraction of Cas’ strength, still white knuckling the towel at his waist. “What does that have to do with…” He began arguing.
Sam and Jack had just left to head to the show. Dean had begrudgingly tossed Sam the keys to the Impala with a raised eyebrow of caution.
“Not a damn thing, Cas,” murmured Bobby as he took a swig of the bourbon he’d poured himself before he’d been interrupted by the pining Angel in his living room.
“Can you hear me now?” her voice broke through the noise to him. Her voice would have been pleasant if not for the bitter, biting tone in it.
“Not a vamp!” Dean shouted as he pushed Mary aside and the figure fell into Dean. They were face to face on the floor, with Dean straining to keep the teeth from what he assumed was the desired target of his neck. He gritted his own teeth as he strained to keep the creature at bay. It looked human enough if you disregarded the giant, gaping jaw and teeth that belonged on shark week. The manlike figure had pale skin and shaggy blonde hair but his eyes were crazed with hunger. “Mom…a little help…” Dean groaned in exhaustion. His fingers dug into the creature’s arms, straining to keep the inches of space between them that he could. He turned his face to the side as a glob of drool dripped onto his cheek.
“Shurley party,” Cas said with more assuredness than he felt, only his hand squeezing down on Dean's showing any of the nervousness he felt.
“It’s not your place to say what’s right or wrong and what do YOU know about wrong? You’ve broken every rule we ever had…you laid with a human. You have no right to preach wrong…” and she drug the blade down his chest, the anger in her eyes growing as her mask slipped away. Castiel was impressed. He didn’t think she had such capacity for emotion. He wasn’t the only Angel who was feeling more than they should…
“Your Grace is gone. You aren’t an Angel any longer…” Aberia’s eyes narrowed and she shook her head, even as Dean casually moved his hand to the chain at his neck to confirm Cas' grace still hung there, unseen by the others.
Sorry if the dialog feels clunky. I may edit it some after it is posted, but wanted to get a chapter up.
Dean's face went white as his eyes widened like a deer in the headlights. “Cas? No. No. Nope. He uh went to go do Angel stuff, you know, reconnaissance. Waiting for his Grace to replenish. Haven't seen him.”
Dean sat with his face propped in his hand as he scrolled through news article after news article. Sam and Jack were beside him doing the same. The bright lights of the library didn’t give any indication that they’d been doing this for hours but the stiffness in his back and the dry, scratchiness of his eyes did.
“Are you trying to convince me to stay or go? Or just trying to piss me off? Cause the last you’re doing really well. You two go, have fun. I’ll stay here and be the drunk you seem to think I am…” Dean grumbled as he took a sip of the beer bottle he’d already been sipping on before the conversation began.
“No, I can’t…No matter how much I want to, and I assure you there is not a single part of me that wishes to ever leave your bed.” Castiel pressed their foreheads together, his hand pressing into the small of Dean’s back. “That is why Heaven is so afraid of this…of us together.”
“Show off….I mean, it’s no trench coat…but it’ll do.” Dean grabbed up the glasses while Castiel insisted on grabbing the whiskey and they made their way back to the War Room.
“Oh…uh sorry. I left my phone in the-“ Dean pointed behind himself before he cracked the car door open and a phone was quickly slapped into his open palm. "See? Phone. My phone. Right here. Why don't we head inside?" He took a step forward but Mary looked around them.
“Well, to make a long story short, God is in the process of making new Angels…” Castiel spit it out with as little pomp and circumstance as he could. He withheld the point that Chuck had been getting his input on their design. He knew with absolute certainty that information would be make with a great amount of hostility.
Aberia was quiet, absorbing what he said and Castiel felt a tendril of hope within him when she asked, “Naomi…. what did she do?”
Castiel turned his attention to her again, laying a gaze upon her that made the other Angels in the room take a further step back. “Aberia, when did you get to be so forthcoming?”
Naomi’s eyes tightened. “You do realize if you allowed me to fix you, you wouldn’t have to live with this…” She waved her hands in a gesture that encompassed him completely. “Pain. These…emotions. You could be useful again. We could run Heaven together. We could fix it.” If he didn't know her, he might have fallen for her plea. However, her speech fell on deaf ears.
Leaning back in his seat, he adjusted the radio and pulled out of the parking lot. “Then we’re all good. Let’s head back. ”
Cas kept a grip on Dean's hand as he gestured at Naomi’s form lying dead a few feet away. “THIS is not what Angels are meant to be. This is not God’s will.  She was obsessed with revenge and petty anger. You have an opportunity to be better than she was. You have a choice now…Stand down and return to Heaven where you will be welcome as long as you let go of this feud, or challenge me and we end this now. I will not be returning to Heaven, at their request, so you will not have to see my face again. IF you return to Heaven, you will answer to a committee of Angels. No more dictatorships. It’s a fair offer I suggest you take.” With Naomi gone, much of the hatred had bled out of the Angels before him. Most of the younger ones hung their heads as he verbally scolded them, realizing they had been led astray. Castiel stayed frozen, staring down the few remaining older Angels. Most of them still held a deep dislike in their eyes but Castiel raised and eyebrow and waited, silent.
to test the theory, old man,” Claire fired back and Cas softly blew them out and watched the soft tendrils of smoke rise up to the bunker ceiling before his thoughts were interrupted again.
Sam, who had been about to sit down jumped to his feet. Jack stepped closer. “What? How? When?” Sam stammered out. “Is he okay?”
“Dean…” Castiel began but Dean gave him a warning glance and Cas snapped his mouth shut to glance toward Chuck.
Cas took a steadying breath as he squeezed Dean's hand under the table, drawing on his touch for courage. “Well, as long as it won’t be today, why don’t you get the Hell out of here and out of my body. Find your own.”
Bobby shook his head. “You might as well be prepared. He wouldn’t give up on you when you went dark side or crazy as a bed bug, he sure as Hell ain’t gonna give up on you while you’re alive.”
Chuck gave his attention to the waiter now, the storm clouds in his eyes from earlier now gone, leaving nothing but a friendliness Dean knew did not always lurk beneath the surface.  “Three steaks, best cut. Medium all around? Okay great. Thanks,” Chuck ushered him off again without waiting for Dean or Castiel to answer.
Dean’s shoulders tightened and his face hardened, his features shutting down. “Yeah, that would be helpful, but my prayers are getting radio silence. I haven’t heard from him since that day at the hotel. Six months and nothing. Jack says he can still hear Angel Radio once in a while so Heaven’s up and running…but nothing about Cas.” Dean shrugged, trying to appear nonchalant but Mary knew. She nodded for Dean to follow her a few steps away from the Impala. He followed, dragging his feet in the dusty ground.
“I figured as much,” Castiel replied before looking around briefly and smiling. “It feels very nice to be back for a bit.”
Finally, they were laying together, fingers lazily grazing one another when Dean laughed huskily and whispered in Cas’ ear. “Want to see what we can do when we don’t have to worry about the lights?”
He swallowed softly, taking a cautious step away from her desk. “I stumbled upon him by accident. We have a little bit of a history…”
“I’m at the bunker…You need to be here too.” Cas hissed out as Aberia tried to work on healing his wounds. “Damn it, that can wait…” Cas growled out.
Dean cut him off abruptly with a shake of his head. “No. No way. He knows how dangerous it is. He promised Cas. Maybe it’s a residual thing? He’s got a little bit of Grace left.” Dean ran his hand through his hair tiredly. “Man, I know our life isn’t normal, but can we just catch a break? I just want Cas, Mom, and Jack safe. Us safe. I feel like if we all were able to be in the same place at the same time for too long or we were happy for too long the world might explode. Nice payback for saving the world, Chuck…” Dean growled.
Dean grinned, wolfish, as he pressed Cas back into the mattress with his body. “Oh no...I think it’s a great idea now. You’ve always had such a damned amount of control and I had to look like the flustered schoolgirl. You turn. It’s only fair, right?”
Castiel paced the small room off the training room. He’d asked Chuck for a room he could go to when he wasn’t training. It was an odd request for an Angel typically, but he was far from typical and he just needed some time away from the other Angels. He’d gotten so used to being around humans that Angels had become….extremely daunting. He sat on his bed, his shoulders tight against the white dress shirt. He held his head in his hands as his eyes rolled back in his head. Another prayer from Dean. His heart ached with the need to see him, hear him. Dean was worried. This was not a new thing for him. Dean wore a brave face and he was more than strong but he had worries, worries that he only confided to him for many years now. This worry, however, was centered on his own wellbeing. Prayers weren’t always straightforward but Castiel could sense Dean was worried about...He thought he was dead?… He thought of how he would feel if he were in Dean’s place and he could fully understand his worry. What could he do though? He couldn’t leave. Not that he didn’t have the ability, but the Angels would follow him. He refused to lead them to Sam and Dean. If Chuck was here…..he’d still not approve. He needed him here. Jack…
“Yes…” Castiel said softly, his forehead scrunched in confusion still. He gripped Dean's shirt in frustration and tried to pull him back down but Dean resisted and Cas' strength was no longer what it was as an Angel, much to his frustration in this moment.
Jack tucked in his lower lip and nodded. “I could be wrong, but I don’t think so. I know I haven’t been alive as long as you but….but when I still had my powers and Castiel was dead…I could hear his prayers, Sam. He prayed every night for God to bring Castiel back to life.”
Dean rolled his eyes and leaned against the wall, looking to Cas with a steady, heated gaze. “Not as drunk as you want to pretend I am. You’re right. Things are different with us, aren’t they?” Dean stepped forward and pressed his body against Cas. He pressed his lips against the stunned Angel’s and Cas’ defenses fell, moving his hands to the small of Dean’s back reflexively. Dean ran one of his hands through Cas’ dark hair and gripped his tie in the other as his tongue found entry into Cas’ mouth. Castiel might have let his own logic stay away from this moment except for the bitter taste of bourbon on Dean’s tongue. He couldn’t. Cas gently disentangled himself from Dean, who looked ready to fight as Cas pushed him gently away.
“I know, Dean. I feel it too,” Castiel panted out, his voice having lost some of its otherworldly growl. “It’s your soul and my grace. I believe they recognize one another,” Cas’ chest was rising and falling more quickly than Dean had ever seen and he was frozen, afraid to thrust deeper, fearing this fog of sheer bliss was something insidious. Cas continued, his eyes wide and unfocused. He was not unaffected by whatever was happening. “I…I carried your soul out of Hell inside of me. It’s...I believe we’re safe. Please,” Cas arched his back and Dean groaned out as the movement made him sink more deeply into his warmth. At this point, there was probably no going back if a cadre of demons broke down the damn door. Dean felt as if he’d licked a battery, hell maybe ten batteries. He didn’t understand it but there would be time for words later. He trusted Cas and he’d assured them they were safe. That would have to be good enough. Dean slid out slowly, gently then drove in, ripping a groan from Cas that sent his own head spinning.
Voices began shouting all at once from the humans and Angels in the room. Castiel raised an eyebrow in amusement when Aberia and Dean both jumped up from their seated positions to yell at him, louder than the protests from the others. He looked between the two of them with a mixture of amusement and respect.
Castiel didn’t give Dean another moment to argue. He reached out and wrapped him in a tight hug, his chin digging into his shoulder. Dean, normally hesitant to show affection, returned it. His hands found purchase in the trench coat’s loose fabric. “You don’t have to do this, Cas. You could stay…”
Dean nodded against Cas’ chest. “I knew about those though. You saved my ass more than a few times there…”
Castiel looked around the empty hall, thinking he had to be seeing things, or perhaps this was a trap. It really couldn’t be. There was no way in Heaven or Hell, but he had to know. He pushed open the door and was met with no resistance. This Heaven was very humble. It was a small studio apartment, the windows dark to the outside. There was a well-worn plaid couch in rusty reds and browns pushed up against one wall. The only other furniture he could see was a wooden drafting table with a ceiling light hanging above it. It illuminated several pages of quickly scribbled notes and sketches and next to it on the floor was an overflowing black metal trashcan with crumpled pages spilling over the top of it.
Sam looked to Jack, who joined him in his confusion. He shrugged in response and they followed him into the kitchen.
He was rewarded with a toothy, pleased smile from Dean and his heart felt like it might burst. “Awesome. Not like we got anything going on today, huh? It’s been pretty quiet out there.”
Dean left out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and turned toward the tv, clicking on the next episode and taking comfort in the familiar theme song. He settled against the couch, feeling the angel’s eyes on him. His right hand shook as he tried to nonchalantly reach out with his hand palm up. He didn’t look over at Cas but he knew he noticed. He felt him shift beside him and Cas’ warm hand take up his own. A shaky breath escaped him before he could stop it.
"Debriel!" Aberia hissed out with warning at his question but Castiel sighed softly and gestured for them group to stop. Aberia's jaw was tight with displeasure at the decision as she glanced behind them, nervousness and self preservation urging her forward.
“You have as equally big a target painted on you as I do, Dean, and you’re a human going up against Angels. Let me give you some type of protection without you fighting me, please. You will not stay out of this fight no matter how much I ask. Will you do this one thing for me?” Cas' eyes were full of concern and worry, something he didn't have the luxury of expressing around the Angels.
“The only exertion that exists in Heaven is that which is created in your own mind, Dean,” Cas said in all sincerity as he watched him form a thought. He smiled in anticipation, knowing what Dean was going to ask.
“If you’ve changed your mind, there is no rush. I will be by your side as long as you want me here. We could just go for a walk if you wanted. I haven't finished showing you the rest of the property and it has been a very long day for you.” Cas’ eyes were full of eagerness, eagerness to do anything to make Dean happy in this new life he’d found himself in, and that alone made Dean want to get on his knees and pledge his undying devotion to him…the only one who’d ever given enough of a damn to find out who Dean
“This is my home, not Heaven. I will return today, but not because Naomi or anyone else pettily demands it of me.”
“Pamela,” Dean said with a regretful frown, but she shook her head and smiled now, holding up her hand in a stop motion.
“Being human…. I would live maybe 40 more years…If I’m lucky. I’ll have to eat, to sleep, to…. go to the bathroom.” Both Cas and Chuck wrinkled their noses at that. “Being human is hunger, loneliness, pain…. Being an Angel is indeed much simpler. I feel friendship, anger, love…though I should not, but when I try to compare it to when I was human…it’s like I feel everything now as through a veil. It’s not nearly as clear as before….and I could live for Millenia yet if I remain what I am…” Dean sat listening as the rest of his food went cold.
They stared, Dean’s chest rising more quickly than he would like for a moment, then Dean nodded succinctly and dropped his hands, tucking them shyly into his pockets. “Good...good. Glad we understand each other.”
I'm sorry for the delay! I've had the chapter written but have had a lot come up with the holiday and my job as an animal shelter director. Please forgive the delay and I will try to update more regularly until the end! I hope I removed any grammatical errors as well. I don't have beta readers.
”What’d you wish for?” Dean said softly as he reached around him to sit the cupcake on the nightstand, his forearm brushing his side as he did so.
Sam sat for a moment, studying Dean as he watched him pretend to study the outdated copy of Myth and Magic he held in his hands. He was bored too. No way to argue it. It had been three months since Castiel had departed and there had been very little communication, just the sporadic affirmation that he was okay when he communicated with Jack. They’d all gotten the feeling he didn’t want Heaven to know Jack could communicate with him, so those messages were few and far between. Dean had been a fairly good sport throughout this dry spell, especially considering how badly Sam knew he could use the distraction of a hunt. He'd noted his brother had made a concerted effort to not take out his own concerns and fears out on the rest of them, which meant he'd internalized it all. Which is where the need for a hunt or a distraction of any kind came from.
Castiel interrupted the silence, hesitant to bring it up. “You said we needed to talk?” He’d heard the phrase used in a myriad of relationship movies in his binge-watching days. It had never led to anything good from what he’d seen.
“Anything you want, Dean I would give you anything you asked,” Cas said softly, the deep growl softening to a whisper now.
“Commander Castiel has been training us since we were born…. granted that has only been a few months,” Debriel added when Aberia remained silent.
“Then here,” Dean grabbed up Cas’ hand and placed it over his heart. “Feel it. Hear me in here, for once. I know…I know never said it down there but hear it now. Feel what I feel. I give you permission to step in my head.”
Dean pushed open the heavy wooden door to Cas’ bedroom and hesitated. Cas had his unclothed back to the door, slowly flexing his wings away from his body, testing them after the final healing the Angels had finally persuaded him to allow he assumed. “Hello, Dean,” Cas said softly without turning toward him, tucking his wings against his body self-consciously as he spoke.
“What do you mean, help?” Dean said with doubt in his tone as he was beginning to look far more worried. How could he possibly help Cas in a way God himself couldn't?
“Happy New Year Cas and Dean!” the text read. They both realized it was midnight by the time on their phones. They both smiled as they sat their phones down.
“You really are the most beautiful human I have ever seen,” Castiel said as he slid his own underwear down.
Dean stared dumbly at him until he sunk down on the bed and put his head in his hands. “If…I would like? Cas…Christ, man. You don’t know? You can build me this fucking perfect house and you still don’t know? This is the most laughable bullshit I have ever dealt with and I helped defeat God and then ended up dead on a piece of rebar.”
Before they entered the room, there was the typical murmur of chatter. However, once they entered, what would normally have turned into reverent silence turned instead into softer voices. Not even Angels were above gossip, as Castiel well knew. He knew him being gone would make things a bit more difficult for him when he returned. Leaving Naomi to influence them was always a mistake, but one he could not regret making. He took the chatter in stride, but he singled out those who sounded particularly venomous or angry. He also observed those who seemed to have nothing negative to say. The percentage appeared to be in his favor, but that was information for another day. Castiel cleared his throat and placed his hands behind his back, his face devoid of any emotion. As he waited, the other Angels eventually fell into silence the same way a classroom full of children might. However, as he looked around, he saw some faces changed. Many of them still held looks of eagerness, interest, or even an acceptable level of passiveness. However, a few held a look of arrogance, distaste, or disinterest. Alright Naomi, so that’s how you want to play it? Strategy was his weapon of choice. He could work with this.
Castiel sat up, an amused look in his eyes now. Knowing Aberia was on board with the suggestion had seemed to relieve a burden from Cas' shoulders and the Angel flashed a brilliant smile that Dean very rarely got to see that and it made him smile in return. “Well in that case….”
Jody nodded knowingly, knowing all too well what he meant. "Well, for what it’s worth from a mom, I’m proud of you. I know this had to be extremely difficult for you, but you both handled it well, and Mary will come around. Even moms are wrong...once in a while.”
“Oh,” Cas’ eyes snapped open. “That was my idea. Visible wings are a bit more threatening than metaphysical ones. We can make them invisible but for battle purposes, they make a good scare tactic.
The Shadow stood up abruptly, making the table tip slightly. He glared down at the others, making Dean even more sure he’d never have confused his Cas with this one. “You’re lucky today, Castiel, but I’m patient, and with the rate you seem to die, I’ll see you again, and you won’t have Go….Chuck, to bail you out one of these days,” He murmured as he stormed off. “Don’t even see why he keeps wasting his time saving you…”
Dean almost whimpered…almost. He’d never expected Castiel to be forceful. Hell, the guy was practically a virgin. When Cas’ hands slid down to scrape his nails along his spine while he nipped his earlobe with his teeth, Dean swore internally.
“You did what?! What deal, Cas!? Why didn’t you tell me?” Dean growled out as he grabbed Cas’ arm and swung him around to look at him.
“Both. Get him both, mom. Pepperoni and mushrooms on the pizza. Cheeseburgers with everything except lettuce,” Dean quoted from memory as his mouth turned up in a small smile.
“Maybe we should extend our vacation a bit if you’re not feeling up to normal yet. Sam, mom, and Jack have everything under control and with Aberia gone, you don’t have to feel bad about ditching her,” Dean murmured as he took a drag of his soda, the straw squeaking in protest.
“You count yourselves as our equals?” one of the Angels said with a hint of disdain she squashed as Castiel quickly turned his head to cast a glare her way, his eyes narrowing dangerously. Her shoulders rolled in and she cast her eyes to the ground as he spoke, her body language immediately placating.
Aberia jutted her chin up proudly and stood resolute at Castiel’s side. “Debriel, I just need a little time. I just…I just can’t right now.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed and his jaw tightened. His fists clenched and unclenched at his side in a hidden show of frustration he’d picked up from Dean. “That is most definitely not something I was going to do. Where have you been?! Why are you hiding out in Heaven while all of this,” Cas gestured wildly around him, “is going on? You think I’d actually BOW right now?”  His voice held every bit of the frustration he was holding back.
“I don’t apologize. G said you had to come back. He doesn’t want you to stay and play with the humans…” She let a hint of disdain slide into her tone as she said humans. Dean sucked in a breath as Cas moved like lightning, his angel blade flashing as he pointed the end at her throat.
“That bitch fucking burned you?” Dean growled out, tentatively studying the burn as he gently ran a fingertip along it. It was healed but he knew what burns felt like and he could tell it had to have hurt.
Aberia whipped around and tucked her wings in, anger simmering controlled under the surface. Debriel stepped up and put a hand on her shoulder. “It’s enough Aberia. You’re being insolent. Commander Castiel, what would have us tell G?”
“Do you want my mouth on you, Dean?” Castiel said with attempted innocence but Dean was no longer fooled.
The Castiel look alike extended a hand, “I'm Empty, or the Shadow. Whichever strikes the most feeling in you. I'm sure you’ve heard so much about me…” He crooned but Dean kept his hands down in front of him, looking to Cas, whose eyes were tight.
“If I have been, it has not been due to anything you’ve done. I suppose…” Cas walked closer and dropped his voice. “My last human experience was so immediate and jarring that I am…easing into it.”
“Cas, we don’t know what side they’re on…” Dean said as he looked to Cas, concern filling his tone as he stood up abruptly from his chair.
“Dean and Castiel went for a walk?… Right, because those two are known health nuts.” Claire's rebuff came with a knowing smile creeping onto her face. Sam shot her a warning look and she bit her red-painted lip to dial it back.
“I don’t know but I’ll get some photos and we’ll send them to Sam.” Mary took her phone out, snapped a few photos of the creature’s jaw and teeth and they headed out to the Impala.
It only took them a matter of minutes to get packed and out the door. The others saw them off, bleary eyed but relieved. Dean popped in his favorite tape and smiled as he looked over at Cas. He had his white dress sleeves rolled up to his elbows and his window was down, letting in the early morning chill.
Dean and Cas looked to one another but Aberia pushed forward first, her posture defiant as she looked him over, righteous indignation evident on her face. “What have you done, Castiel?”
“Special,” Cas finished for him and Dean nodded as he looked away again and took another sip of his beer.
! If you didn’t think it was wrong, why were you sneaking around like this? You had Sam and me worried sick!”
Dean’s eyes were hesitant but warm. He knew they both wanted this as much as the other. “Take my body Dean. I am already yours to my very essence. I give myself over to you.”
Cas interrupted before Dean's look of panic could go further. “I’ve been reading...a lot. Since I came back. I think I'm Demisexual.”
Aberia leaned back in the chair and gave Dean a studying gaze, ignoring Cas shaking his head. “He insists we heal his body first so that he can be ready to fight if needed. That is a fair strategy but if we do not heal his wings before they start to knit back together on their own, they will not heal properly, and they will remain useless to him.”
“Wow…I didn’t think I could dislike her anymore. Good to know I can still be proved wrong and pushed to new levels of hatred.” He slid his hands along Cas’ back, his fingertips gliding over the raised scars. He was rewarded with a shiver visibly running across Cas’ skin. He smiled to himself, enjoying that more than he thought he would. “So, why can’t I see your wings now?” Dean asked, curiosity rampant in his voice as his hands slid across where he believed his wings would attach.
Dean shrugged. “It wasn’t so much that we didn’t trust you, Sammy…but any time any of us in this life get involved with someone it seems like something bad happens…If we didn’t make it official…”
“Naomi, what is it?” Castiel growled out, his back against the wall. His defenses were up as alarm bells sounded in his head.
“Damn it, Dean!” Sam growled out as he aimed his pistol quickly away from his brother’s chest. At the same moment Dean yelled out, “Jesus Christ, Sam!” and he quickly clicked his safety on, his chest pounding with adrenaline.
Naomi smiled in that way to gave no room for argument. She had the face of every Angel he’d ever killed. One of the utmost certainty in their righteousness. It made Castiel shudder to think he’d once had the same look about him. “We need Jack. He’s coming back into his powers, and when that happens, he will be more powerful than all of us combined. He needs to harness that power here, with his true family. We can guide him and teach him to lead us all. The new Angels with respect and revere him and the remaining Angels know of his power enough to accept his leadership. He can bridge the gap between us all.”
“Don’t care,” Dean said jokingly as he lingered in the doorway.  Mary, Jack, and Sam took the couch. Aberia paced near the entrance to the balcony, but Dean hesitated to sit in the last remaining seat. They made an unspoken agreement to not begin the conversation until there was coffee so they all waited patiently as the aroma filled the room. Dean let Sam pour the first cup then he followed suit as he poured a black coffee for himself and one with cream and sugar for Cas. He instead leaned against the wall facing them, sipping his coffee with pretended nonchalance. As Castiel walked into the living area, he held out the coffee he’d made for Cas, who took it gratefully, sniffing it and almost moaning out loud at the pleasant smell.
Dean was still leaning against the tree trunk when Mary and Bobby found him. His eyes were dazed but he had a spark in them that had been missing for some time. He told them about the Croccatta and he searched her body for his phone, which he found in her back pocket. Things were back on track an he felt like he could breathe for the first time in too long. He didn’t tell them about Cas. He would but not now… They wouldn’t believe him anyway. It was impossible…. but he and Cas had always been good at impossible.
Aberia shook her head slowly, her jaw tight and her voice dripping with disapproval. She looked up at him, seemingly unafraid and running on righteous indignation. “You won’t deny it, then? I suppose your attire is admittance enough…” Her eyes dropped and she shook her head in disbelief and his lack of modesty.
“Bobby and I have had many nice conversations. He is still aware that he is in Heaven so it is not disruptive to him. He did pull a gun on me the first visit, and of course asked about you and Sam.”
Bobby shrugged and propped his feet upon the coffee table. “Time, that’s somethin’ I got in spades. Have a seat. What’s on your mind?”
“grace c ol eol, zacam lrasd oi izizop.  Niis de a el ds g aboapri.  noan gone lrasd oi noco g etharzi, grace of my making, go from this vessel. Come to the one who you serve. be gone from this servant in peace”
Castiel started and his forehead creased as he frowned. A terrible realization creeped in. “Happy…. I…I can’t be happy. I made a deal with the Empty…”
“Just a little nap and I should be good,” Cas said with another yawn as he rolled to his side, his back to Dean’s chest. Dean wrapped his left arm around his stomach and laid his head beside him, his nose buried in his soft hair.
“He’s dealt with so much…why this time? He’s lost so much already, but it’s not as if Castiel is dead. He’s just not here...” Mary murmured as she looked down the hall with concern.
“If God is in Heaven, is there still a crisis in Heaven?” Mary added, wanting to deflect away from Dean’s mood change.
Cas felt his breathing go ragged as things low inside him ached like they'd been yanked by an invisible cord. How did humans function like this? His skin felt hot as Dean peered down at him with such possession in his eyes. “You make a compelling argument,” he all but gasped out as he went to thread his fingers through Dean's hair.
“Dean…” Cas said softly as he ducked his head to lock eyes with him. “I know what I ask for. I want you. Please.”
Dean looked at him and put a hand over his heart, pretending to be hurt. “Low blow, Cas. Low blow. This time we’re both kicked out.”
“That was…Cas…shit…” Dean groaned as aftershocks rippled through him and he clutched Cas’ arm as he trembled through it.
“Turn off Netflix and get packing, Angel” Dean said, still bleary eyed from sleep. Castiel could tell he had not been awake long and he could smell coffee brewing in the kitchen. He tilted his head in confusion and closed down his computer, throwing his legs over the side of the bed.
“Did I ruffle your feathers, Angel?” Dean grinned as he gestured to Cas’ wings, fluffed up and trembling softly.
Dean flashed a roguish smile and winked as he said, “What can I say. Angels love me.” He laughed as Castiel rolled his eyes and exited with the others, most of which had stiffened with annoyance at his parting comment. Aberia especially had gritted her teeth hard enough for Cas to hear.
Duma spoke up first as she looked around her. “I, for one, accept the terms. Those of us without wings will need safe passage to the portal…”
“Sure, Cas, whatever you say….After you,” Dean said with an exaggerated wave of his hand as they headed toward the door. He tried to exude confidence he didn’t feel but when Cas' hand brushed against his own as the room door closed with a soft click behind them, he took it up in his own. Castiel looked to him, gratefulness in his worried eyes, and they headed toward the elevator. They passed only a couple of others on their way, all of these stuffy business suit types who were too busy on their phones to pay attention to the two very dangerous beings passing them in the hall. If they’d been paying attention, maybe they’d have felt the hair on the back of their necks stand up as they brushed past an actual living Angel whose nerves were making the air taste electric…but they noticed nothing. As the two of them stepped off the elevator, onto the main floor, Dean felt queasy. Whether it was the elevator, the situation, or the fact that he’d skipped lunch, it didn’t matter. He clutched Cas’ hand tighter as they turned the corner to the restaurant. A hostess was waiting at the stand, her dark black hair pinned back in a neat bun. She smiled her best retail smile as they stepped up to her. However as soon as she got a good look at the two of them, her forehead creased. She recovered quickly but her eyes still held a confused look that they didn’t quite understand.
They both lay there in the dark, their bodies still locked together, until Dean began to giggle, and Cas joined in, having safely used his Grace to remove the remnants of the shattered bulb as soon as it happened. They were both full on laughing in the darkness even after Sam had left, knowing he wasn’t really THAT mad.
“Of course. We should be able to talk about this kind of stuff without it being this awkward. I’ve known you for…how long is it now?” A sparkle was in Dean’s eye now and Cas smiled back out of habit.
“so, what happened in Heaven?” Mary added quietly from the door. “I still feel a little out of the loop here…”
Dean unbuckled his seat belt and was grabbing at Cas’ arm in concern before seconds had passed. “Cas!?” The concern in his head was overshadowed only by his anger that Heaven was the one doing this to him.
Unexpected consequences of Castiel's time in Heaven make his relationships with the other Angels more strained, while Dean hunts with Mary.
“That you do, Dean Winchester,” came the familiar gruff voice Dean had been longing to hear. He spun on the stool and saw him, his figure surrounded with the bright light from outside and he swallowed nervously as he stood on trembling legs.
“Those all mean the same thing,” Dean said with a flash of a smile to the grumpy human standing above him.
Sam was currently grabbing another piece of pizza, his hand sliding the now mostly empty box closer to himself. “You shoulda seen it, Cas. Dean was covered head to toe in this nasty green gloop from the egg sack. I warned him stabbing it was a bad idea.”
Dean busted into the bunker only a little more than four hours from the time the call ended. They’d been graced with a late-night drive with no cop cars, a radar detector, and sheer dumb luck. He waited only for the bunker's garage door to seal fully before he was through the door and descending the stairs, his duffel thumping hard against his side. The bloody shoe prints and the dried droplets decorating the grey concrete floor gave him momentary pause as his heart raced more than it had during the ride there. Finding courage, he made a bee line for the hallway to the bedrooms and was met with two stern looking Angels, arms crossed over their chests, blocking his way. He took a breath and took a fighting stance without any thought put into it, ready to do what he had to to get down that hall.
“Dean, what’s with you?” Mary whispered sharply as she tucked a strand of her blonde her behind her ears.
was the only word Dean’s mind seemed capable of forming, like a whispered chant from somewhere back in his mind. It was like coming home. If this home Cas had built for him was built with love, the act of joining together felt like love itself. He could feel the walls crashing down around him all while Cas put his hands on his forearms, squeezing with gentle urging, grounding him. Dean was spiraling, trying to stay in this moment when something was tugging at him in his mind, a familiar fog as he looked to Cas in a mild panic.
“What do I do if Naomi comes looking for me?” Castiel said suddenly, his thoughts drawn to the dangerous Angel in question.
Dean cut him off abruptly by leaning in and placing one soft press of his lips against his stubbled cheek. “Yes, it might be a little bit irresponsible, but guess what? That’s okay. Aberia chose to stay here. You didn’t make her, and Jack is helping here more than you can. Cas, you’ve killed hundreds…”
“I can’t tell you. I’m sorry,” Castiel said, the happiness fading as Dean’s anger seeped into his own mood.
“I will endeavor to control myself,” Castiel grumbled as he rolled his eyes and walked out of her office door, into the never-ending halls of Heaven.
Dean studied the look in Castiel’s visible eye and understanding dawned on him. “That’s why you wanted us home so quickly…not for you, but because you were worried she would find us.”
Castiel sat in the library, tucked away in a corner with a thick tome on his lap, his trench coat tucked under him as he passed the time. Dean didn’t see the appeal of palming through the dusty pages but Cas always seemed engrossed, and seeing him happy was what mattered. Dean preferred to set his laptop up at the Library table and peek at him over the top on occasion, perhaps as a reminder he was still here, and safe. It would take some time before he could let himself truly believe they were allowed to have this. Well, some of this…They’d been a voluntary no sex agreement since the Angels left because Castiel felt awkward with Aberia in the bunker with her celestial hearing, and Dean felt uncomfortable with Mary there for much the same reason.
Mary was shocked. Her face told the whole story of her feelings of betrayal, believing Sam to be her only ally. “How can you be fine with this?”
They both looked at the photo in silence a minute or so. Bobby cleared his throat and Castiel looked over. “How’s Dean taking it, you being stuck up here?”
Aberia stalked forward and Sam jumped to his feet, ready to intervene as well. Dean stepped closer to Cas. “If you put one hand on him...” Dean growled out. He was unarmed, which was so stupid. He chastised himself for his lack of preparedness. He he looked over to Sam with bordering panic and Sam’s angel blade glinted in the light. Dean nodded and gratefulness reflected in his eyes.
“But if she used Jack against you, she knows your weaknesses too,” Dean added as he picked at the edge of the sheet hanging near his knee, fiddling nervously.
“Let him through,” came Cas’ familiar voice before Dean could even protest. The lump in his throat went down as he heard his voice, strong and bossy as ever, coming from the bedrooms.  He wanted to make a smart remark at the two stuffy looking Angels but he held it back as he shouldered past them as they parted, not waiting for them to fully get out of his way. He saw the light shining from Cas’ open bedroom door and he dropped his duffel to the right of the doorway as he got his first look at his face.
“I’m sorry I pushed, but he was so resolute that you and Sam that helped him through…” Jack said as he looked guiltily down at the floor, feeling the blame for Cas' unhappy outburst.
Of course, he did. Dean swallowed hard and for a moment he put himself back in the place of that scared kid and the feel of that blood on his hands. “Okay, I get it. I do but…”
Dean, Sam, and Mary looked to Jack. Dean spoke softly. “How do you know? That’d be a hell of a lot of demons….”
Surprisingly, Dean shook his head and bumped his shoulder with his palm. “Uh uh. We talked about this. None of the wallowing bullshit. Zero wallowing allowed, Cas. A clean slate for all of us with Chuck gone, remember?”
Cas hesitated only a moment before replying, “Yes,” in his gravelly tone, even as he swallowed nervously.
Castiel kept his face neutral but Dean could all but sense the victory in him. “I understand your concern and accept your terms. Though you must understand two things. One, I do not know of such a time when service to Heaven will be the greatest priority to me. Two, that when Naomi confronts me I will have no choice but to kill her. She will not stop as long as I am alive.”
He thought a moment, studying Dean's rigid posture. “Why don’t we just…go? We could go on a little road trip. Why does it have to be in conjunction with a hunt?” Sam saw Jack brighten and a small smile form on his face, but Dean’s forehead wrinkled and his eyes tightened. “ it took Sam only a moment to know his hesitation, despite his constant need to go. His brother was torn. "Dean, he’s got wings again. If he needs us, he can find us. He always has in the past.”
Dean reached a hand toward him but let it fall to the mattress. “No, Cas. No. I…You said you loved me but ever since…I didn’t know…what you
“Cas, I’m gonna come soon unless you stop…” Dean gasped out as Castiel’s tongue flicked across his tip.
“Would you like to stay for breakfast?” Jack said matter-of-factly as he stared at Aberia with a slightly tilted head and a friendly smile. When Aberia and Castiel said nothing, Jack added, “We’re having pancakes.” Castiel let a small smile form at the corner of his mouth but he watched Aberia carefully. She paused, staring at Jack with deep concentration.
“Aren’t you worried he’s going to take his Grace back?” Sam said as he glanced at the closed door himself.
“And that my dears, is my cue to go book another room. Come here,” Jody held her arms open and Dean smiled softly before walking into her hug. She put her lips to his ear and whispered, “You did good, kid. I already liked him but if he can get under that big old wall you got going on, he’s a good one.”
Castiel watched Dean’s face study the scene. He decided to answer his unspoken question. “They are taking turns healing me as they can. They are young and not at their most powerful yet, and wounds inflicted by Angel blades are harder to heal. I also don’t want any of them weakened to the point that it leaves them vulnerable. We don’t know what Naomi’s plans are now…”
“What, you’ll spare my life if I tell you everything I know? I know the song and dance," the demon said as he eyed the knife, still red with his own blood.
He gasped out as Cas moved to gently bite on his nipple. He hissed between his teeth as he tried to make words. “Need to…your fingers…Cas!” He gasped as Castiel moved down to his thighs, nipping and kissing to make him open them to him. He felt him reach and snatch up the lube bottle and he felt him trace a finger around, leaving a slick trail before he slid it in. Dean was impatient and after only a few minutes of prep, he tugged Cas down on top of him, groaning and arching his back as their groins slid together. As Cas tilted Dean’s hips and slowly pressed himself in, Dean moaned and locked his heavy-lidded eyes with Cas’ own.
“Yeah, because being human worked out so great for him before,” Dean said with a venomous growl, surprising even himself at the rage in his voice. He felt his hands trembling, softly and hopefully unnoticed as he considered human Cas...and everything he and others had put that vulnerable version of the one he loved through.
Finally, Cas had to say something. “I don’t pretend to completely understand human behavior, but you’ve been acting odd all day, Dean.”
Cas rolled his eyes in annoyance. “No man ever died from having slightly delayed gratification, Dean…or can you not practice what you preach?”
He couldn’t help it. He had to know. He stepped over to the table and looked at the notes. There were notes written in margins, some circled or underlined and some crossed out entirely. Some of the phrases underlined were things like “Free Will?” “Loyalty” “Compassion”. Those crossed out that he could still read were “subservient”, “infinite”, and “devoted solely to the task”. There was a rough sketch of wings much like his own.
Cas rolled his eyes and attempted to cross his arms across his chest, though he gave up when the movement tugged at his wounds again. “And I said then I could proceed on my own and you did not need to follow…”
“Cas, don’t do anything rash down there. We got this. Now, weapons check? Is he alone?” Dean said as he reluctantly stepped away and grabbed his pistol, tucking it in his waistband after checking the safety. He then went to the weapons bag and pulled out two wicked looking knives and tucked them away sight unseen. Cas flipped out his Angel blade then it was gone, like magic. “One of these days your going to show me where you hide that…or is it too scandalous?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows, trying so hard to make his Angel smile. He was rewarded with a playful eye roll.
“Castiel, I’m the big G…I know you. I know everything.” Chuck shrugged his shoulders as he gave a reassuring smile.
Dean locked eyes with Cas and a shiver ran up his arms. He licked his lips and let out a shaky breath, trying to find the right words for the moment but all he could do was rasp out, “Yes…God, yes…Please,” and Cas immediately pressed him back into the wall with increased enthusiasm.
“You took everything from us…from me…You deserve to know that pain,” She said, her voice quivering in anger. “And he deserves to die. Who is he that he should know the forbidden touch of the divine? He is the least of all of them, and yet he thinks he deserves to know what it’s like to…It’s disgusting…You debase yourself with such filth. All it would take is one swift slide and..”
Castiel held a hand up. “That is still my Father. Spare me the details…” A small smile began to creep up on Cas’ thick lips. “So, you think I should disregard Heaven’s orders?”
“Maybe I should go,” Cas said as his eyes left the ceiling to lock onto Dean’s own, swallowing once. His heart sped up in his chest, something he’d not been aware could happen to an Angel until he’d met Dean Winchester.
Cas’ hand found its way to the back of Dean’s leg and he hooked it over his hip. “It’s still very early. We have enough…” Their banter had turned to a quiet urgency like a switch had been flipped. Dean had no one in his life he could speak to as candidly at he could Cas. Of course, he confided in Sam, but some things Sam didn’t need to know, for his own good. Cas knew all the dark, ugly parts of Dean and still he was here, touching him as if he knew none of it. Dean could feel the weight of Cas’ departure pressing on him so heavily he felt he couldn’t breathe, but he would not make this any harder on Cas then it had to be.
“You shouldn’t have done that. You may think I’ll go easy on you, but you don’t know me. Dean may have been trained in Hell…but I’m a fast learner." It was only moments later Sam and Jack had Dean at the Impala cooling off and they heard the demon let out a blood-curdling scream.
“A law that could cause you to fall is pretty damn important, Cas,” Dean growled out as he crumpled a change of clothes in his hand.
“Yeah. Kid deserves some fun after the year he’s had,” Dean murmured as he saved the photo in his phone.
Castiel huffed out a small laugh and Dean rolled his eyes at him. In response, Cas got on all fours and crawled over to sit between Dean’s stretched out back legs and run his hands up the back of them. He felt Dean tense beneath him and he nipped behind his knee, making Dean swear softly under his breath. “Sorry, no Jack, not you. I stubbed my toe on the coffee table. Hulu is my email and the password is Impala15242, yeah. Same for Netflix. Sam ought to remember that…” Castiel gripped Dean at his hips and pulled him onto all fours as he kissed the small of his back. Dean shuddered under his hand “Uh…Sorry, yeah. I’m still here…those are all of them.” Dean threw Castiel a dirty look and Castiel responded by sliding his hand grip on his hips down and slid his nails along Dean’s ass. “Ohh…okay, Jack. I gotta run. Text me if you need anything, bye!”
Sam started to argue but Mary cut him off. “Food then you, me, and Jack head back. You two.” Mary said as she directed her gaze at Dean and Cas. “You take the time he needs but you keep your phones charged and on. Otherwise we do this again.” Dean and Cas nodded in unison, looking embarrassed and rightfully chastised.
“And we have at least two full days more of it. Sleep, Cas. I’ll watch over you,” Dean said with a wink that made Cas roll his eyes, but he nodded as his tiredness now took his body from one emotion to the next.
“Enough. I’ve made myself clear,” Castiel barked back abruptly. Dean raised an eyebrow and looked between them as Aberia scowled.
Jack didn’t say much but it was obvious to everyone that he’d done the best he could with Castiel gone, but he still was greatly comforted by his presence in a world he still did not have a full grasp on. Losing his Grace had been so difficult, and Cas had been through the same thing. He’d been counting on Cas to lead him through, but with him gone, Sam and Dean had done the best they could. Everyone had simply done the best they could, Castiel included.
“Reading my minds against the rules, Cas,” Dean said under his breath as he traced his fingertips feather lightly across his chest until he got to Cas’ belt, tugging it free.
“Yes, Dean. I’m just ready to have this whole business out of the way,” Cas said quietly before wincing again. Dean watched his hands tighten on the wheel, his knuckles turning white at the pressure.
Castiel again complied, his weight on the mattress lending Dean’s body to press against his own. Cas closed his eyes a moment and let out a shaky breath. He had better control than this, and he had no idea what this talk would be. He could not be presumptuous. He had just missed the sound, the sight, the smell of Dean so much…and he was alone in his bedroom. He’d been here many times, but never when they had both admitted their feelings. This was entirely new territory.
“This is going to be majorly cringey, huh?” She said softly as she jammed her hands into her pockets.
Dean could see the fear and loathing behind Cas' startling blue eyes, and it sent a streak of fight or flight to his own system. He jumped up from his seat, ready to bolt. He wrapped his hand around Cas' wrist, tugging him in an attempt to spur his retreat as well. “The…of hell no. We aren’t doing this. Come on…”
“Sure, that’s why you kept me around,” Castiel let heat leak into his eyes as he ran a finger down Dean’s jaw and watched with smugness as the man shuddered. “I’ll go talk to Aberia and the others…” Cas said abruptly as he left Dean standing alone in the kitchen, the only room they could find without Angels in it.
“He would usually have made the joke himself. We aren’t offended. He’s, uh, just trying to show me around town since I got out of the...the convent. So, I suppose I’ll take a dozen of your cupcakes and whatever cake you think I would enjoy.”
“Oh. They, uh, went to the other room to stitch Dean up while you were in the shower,” Sam stuttered out, suspicious to what he suspected the real truth of the matter was.
Debriel finally spoke up from the other side of the library table, his arms crossed across his chest and a small frown. “We need more time to heal you Commander. She already has an estimated 16 Angels backing her. There are only five of us. Even with you at full strength, it will be close..."
“Dean, are you hurt? I thought I was too late…” Castiel said with concern evident in his tone. His eyes searched Deans. “Your soul is back where it should be,” he said with certainty before healing the nail marks on Dean’s face. He suddenly realized how close they were and took a step back, leaving Dean leaning against the tree, perplexed.
“Ah ah…” Naomi said with wicked glee as she pressed the blade into Dean’s neck, causing a small line of blood to ooze out as it bit into the soft skin there.
Dean had not expected company in his room tonight, so he was only mildly embarrassed at the state of it. He was normally pretty tidy, not Sam tidy, but nearly so. He threw his dirty clothes from yesterday in the hamper by the desk and ran his hand over the quickly made bed. He looked to the door and Castiel was watching him with a smile on his face.
“And the next Nephilim that dies, is mine,” The Shadow whined now, crossing his arms and tucking in his chin like a petulant child.
Sam sighed and shook his head, his dark hair brushing his shoulders as he did so. “Looks like the Angels being back to full force has scared a lot of our typical monsters underground for a while. You know you’ve asked me that same questions every half hour. If I find something I’ll tell you." Sam's voice wasn't unkind. He knew hunts were a coping mechanism and an easy way to keep their minds busy when things weren't good, but he couldn't manifest a case where there wasn't one.
“Yes, they surely didn’t include working with demons, slaughtering our brothers and sisters, and having sexual relations with humans in our training did they,” Naomi bit back angrily as the Angels behind her began to grow restless.
“Okay, okay. Don’t have the throw in the life debt shit. That’s why I kept you around,” Dean said with a laugh as Castiel raised an eyebrow in amusement now. He let out a beatific smile at Dean’s allowance and Dean felt his heart hammer hard in his chest.
Dean whirled Cas to face him abruptly. “Cas, you don’t have to do this. There’s got to be another one. There’s always another way…”
“Huh? I mean, probably not. Tell me what’s on your mind.” Dean stole glances at him, his hands wrapped tightly around the steering wheel.
The table fell silent for a few minutes as everyone ate quietly, save Aberia who spent most of the time poking at her stack of pancakes and frowning as the syrup stuck to the metal fork. She cut her eyes to study Dean and Castiel, who sat close enough that their elbows bumped every so often. She studied Dean the most. He felt her eyes on him, but he tried hard to look anywhere but at her.  Finally, he could ignore it no longer.
Castiel bent his head down a little and nipped his ear lobe as he repeated the same movement from before, and Dean could feel the self-satisfaction radiating from him as he again made an obscene noise. Castiel, feeling Dean’s enjoyment and his body relax around him, increased his rhythm, his own heart now beating as fast as Dean’s. He gritted his teeth as he poured all the time they’d missed, all the time they’d been separated, every private moment they’d been denied, into these moments here. No space was left between their bodies and no walls were still standing anymore. The thought made him groan throatily in Dean’s ear and his breathing quicken. Angels couldn’t sweat, or so he’d said, but damn if he’d never felt his heart race this way.
Castiel drug himself back to the present, feeling eyes on him. He’d gotten distracted. The Angels had finished their exercise and stood waiting for their next instruction. He mentally shook himself to focus.
Dean grunted out a deep, primal sound that mixed with a laugh and might have been one of the most purely sexual sounds Castiel had ever heard in his very long life. He gasped out, burying himself deeply inside Dean as he came, his grip on his dick trembling as he moaned his name. Three swipes from his hand had Dean spilling his own load on the formerly crisp white sheets. They laid there, trembling with after shocks of pleasure for several moments. Dean felt his own heart rate slow as Cas slowly extricated his limbs and rolled to his left, sliding out of his willing body.
Claire, lingered, her hands shoved in her pockets. “Just don’t make it weirder, okay? You’re both too old to be sneaking around in the backseats of cars. Grow up and share a bed like adults.” She rolled her eyes and closed the door as she exited.
in danger?” Claire wiggled her eyebrows at Sam as Jody and Mary had their backs to her. Sam's eyes begged for help but Claire just shrugged her leather-clad shoulders.
He’d been staring daggers at him since last night, much to both Winchester’s discomfort. Sam had conjured up some half-cocked excuse to get out of the house for a few hours as he grabbed up his laptop bag and practically tripped out the door after lunch. Dean almost ran after him due to the insistent glare of the Angel.  He swallowed hard as he returned to the library, where Castiel sat cross armed and stoic.
Castiel grew angry and quiet, his shoulders slumped as he sat down heavily on the couch. “you should have. I hurt so many people…”
is. Two. If anyone should have a problem with this, it’s me. Or have we all just forgotten that Castiel is walking around in what was at one time my dad’s body?”
“Look,” Sam gestured with his fork as he talked, a small bite of pancake hanging off it. “Now that this is going on,” He swirled his fork between he and Cas. “I’m afraid to open your door. So, you’re just gonna have to get yourself to the table.”
Castiel stood with his feet rooted to the floor, his head cocked to the side in confusion. “You’re going to design more? Why?”
Naomi huffed in frustration. “Castiel, really. This obsession with those humans is just that, an obsession. Nothing more. Your fascination with them is beyond me. They are ants in the grand scheme of the universe. The fact that we are tasked with protecting their souls is baffling to me, but it is the task we’ve been assigned. The Winchesters are no more important than any of the other billions of souls in our charge.”
“I’m planting the seeds of rebellion into my wards. They aren’t built like Naomi, and she doesn’t understand them as I can. I have to show them who she truly is, but I have to have her show them herself. She will show her true colors in time. Once she is out of the picture, I will be safe to…seek other options for my future.”
Cas sighed, his wings moving in unison. By her wording he knew her plan of action. She’d ask. He’d refuse, and the repercussions would begin. He tried to let his face settle into one of disinterest, though his mind was already racing with scenarios. “What do you ask of me now, Naomi?”
“Dean, I’m sorry if my change of status has monopolized our time away. If you’d like to go do something, I will be okay.” Cas was so earnest in his tone and Dean wished he could make him understand that there was nowhere else he'd rather be.
“Uh uh,” Chuck said as he put his drink down and his eyes darkened now, done with the Shadow's efforts to undermine him. “The reapers were out of line on that. The Winchesters, ALL the Winchesters, will go to Heaven at their final death. Period. You may control The Empty but Heaven is mine.”
Dean groaned as Cas traced his nose against his length as he awaited his answer. “I do, Cas…Hell yes. If…If you’re sure you want to do this.” Castiel gave out a dark, dangerous laugh that made Dean’s dick twitch. Cas’ warm lips left hot, open mouthed kisses along his length that left Dean arching his back into him needily.
Cas smiled and knelt down to pet the dog, letting his fingers card through the fur at his shoulder. “Time is different here. It is really him, though the timeline has him still with Sam on Earth as well.”
“So, if Jack was supposed to have a place in heaven, then your deal was invalid?” Sam added to get back on track, noting Cas' discomfort.
“They are mostly healed. There is still a little weakness in the muscle, but they will serve their purpose,” Cas demonstrated for Dean, slowly expanding them and nodding his head at the slight tremor in the base. “I think my wing guards will only serve to make the tremors more noticeable so I am going without them.” Dean glanced at the bed for the first time and noticed Cas’ armor laid out upon it, glinting in the dim bunker light.
“I don’t want to go…” Castiel said hopelessly. Dean had nothing he could say that would bring him any comfort, so he let his lips find Cas’ in a soft, chaste, shared sentiment.
Castiel nodded and let a sigh escape his lips, his shoulders relaxing in a barely recognizable way. “I am truly sorry it came to that.”
“I can handle this Dean. You go cool off.” Dean began to argue but she nodded to Sam and they drug him out, him cursing the whole way. She turned to the demon then.
“Well, if either of you had answered your phones, we could have saved a trip!” Sam said sarcastically as he took in Cas, stirring awake in the bed behind Dean, the nightstand light illuminating his confused, sleep addled face.
Dean gave Castiel a withering look and Castiel rubbed the back of his neck while avoiding his gaze. “I had their unwavering support...but I was mostly on my own. during that time.”
“Well, then if you don’t want to hear what I have to say, or my, frankly, valid concerns about my own children, I’ll see you all back at the bunker. I’m sure you have quite enough back up now that you don’t need me.”
Castiel let a small smile escape his lips before looking to the floor in embarrassment. “You could have stopped it….You still could. The other Angels say…”
“It really is as bad as you said…” Mary spoke when Dean was far enough down the hall not to overhear.
“If that’s how you feel, mom, maybe that’s best…” Sam added hesitantly. Mary shook her head, snatched up her duffel bag and the keys to her car, and walked out, slamming the door. Dean winced as the door slammed and Cas brought up a hand to his arm, a gentle pressure.
“I do believe we agreed you would come alone, Castiel,” a feminine voice spoke from beside the wooden pavilion to their right. She stepped out of the shadows. Naomi was different than the last time Dean had seen her. Her hair was white instead of the dark chestnut color he remembered. Were Angels supposed to age?  He’d been told no but even he admitted Cas had aged slowly over the years he’d known him.
Dean couldn't help but stare at the inky blackness of the thick expanse of feathers. “Hey, Cas. Wings are looking good…”He swallowed as he said it, finding himself entranced by the sight of his wings in such a mundane environment as the bunker. Angel wings didn’t belong under fluorescent lights. They didn’t do them justice…but were still greatly distracting.
Chuck looked down at Castiel and smiled again, a true smile full of warmth and pride that made Dean suck in a breath. “You’ve done well, Castiel. Now rest…” His eyes glowed a soft golden as he murmured words in Enochian. Dean stepped a bit forward and saw Cas’ eyes reflecting the blue of his grace as he began to speak. The Enochian thrummed in his ears painfully and he fought the urge to cup his hands over them, but was intrigued as Chuck followed up each passage in English.
Castiel smiled brightly and ran a hand softly through Dean's hair, his eyes softening at the pink that flushed the other man's cheeks. “I say we nominate Sam.”
“Angels don’t need to eat….” Aberia said with confusion as she studied Jack with indecision. Even though she was shorter than Jack, she definitely had the more threatening aura as her eyes studied him from his softly disheveled hair to his sneakers.
“You have someone at the bunker door insisting on seeing you. It’s that Aberia I think her name was?” Castiel groaned and threw his head back on the pillow. They would send her.
Aberia and Debriel stepped back to stand behind the group of humans they’d been tasked to protect, clearing the way for Castiel. Though the other Angels were checking bodies, Dean could see them all stealing glances at the stage and their commander. Dean felt his face grow hot but he stepped down the stairs at the edge of the stage and stepped to meet Cas. It had been a year since…well, a lot had happened obviously. He wouldn’t be presumptuous. They met at the base of the stairs, several unsure feet between them.
“Oh, it really doesn’t matter. Come along, Castiel. I’ve already been away far too long, I simply do not have time to stand around and debate all night, ” Naomi said as she gestured for Cas to follow.
“Have you checked that the car is still here?” Jody asked reasonably but Sam put himself in front of the door as casually as he could, leaning against the doorframe heavily to block their exit.
Castiel smiled softly, averting his eyes nervously as he kept his hands folded in his lap. “You know very well that’s only one part of me…and one thing I never am with you is confident.”
Enid nodded her head and looked to Josiah and Kirah then. Both stood and brought bundles forward that had been waiting in a box at their feet. Josiah’s large bundle was wrapped in cloth and Castiel pulled it off to reveal his chest plate and wing guards. The second bundle was a silver-enlayed, latched wooden box that Kirah sat on the table in front of him delicately. Castiel quickly opened it to reveal Angel blades, seven of them. Castiel held one up and ran the palm of his hand along the blade, knowing it was his. The Angels surrounding him quickly filed in closer to the box and picked up one each, reverently holding them as their own, as if a piece of themselves had been restored. Castiel’s forehead creased and he looked with genuine fondness at Enid and the others as she pulled out a tan cloth from the bottom of the box and handed it out last. He flicked it out in front of him and smiled.
“But Dean, letting both your phones die…” Mary said with disappointment in her tone. "That's a big mistake in our work. We had no way of knowing..."
Castiel let his demeanor soften as he cocked his head. He felt he knew where the conversation was going but he had to let her say it herself without any coaxing from him. “Go on, Enid…It’s okay.”
HIs words made Dean smile possessively. “Where did I touch you when you thought about it? Here?” Dean, with shaking hands, drew his fingertips along Cas’ upper arm. Cas closed his eyes and shuddered but shook his head no. “Hmm. How about here…” Dean slid his fingertips down Cas’ ribcage and watched in satisfaction as Cas let out a very ragged breath and struggled to shake his head no as he looked over at him. “Not there either huh?” He then drew just the rough pad of his thumb over his hip bone and into the curve of feather-soft skin beneath it and he bit his lip as Cas breathed out his name. He could feel himself growing harder against Cas’ side and he couldn’t help but notice his Angel was feeling the same, growing hard and heavy before his eyes. He was beautiful, Dean couldn’t help but think to himself, as he laid out strong and solid before him. His hand stilled and he stared, a voyeur in his own right, at the Angel,
Meanwhile, at the house they’d left hours ago, a dark-haired female walked in to find the dead man on the floor. She let out a wail of anguish and fell to his side, thumbing over the hole in his head from the bullet.  She rolled his body over to see the telltale stab wound to the back of his neck, the killing blow. Her foot struck something on the floor, and she swiped it up. A phone. A clue to the killer of her mate. She clutched it to her chest.
“What the hell is wrong with you, Sam? Cas is one of us. So, sue me for wanting him to be home, where he belongs. Oh wait, I forgot. You like to give up on us when we’re gone for more than a year. So that’s your time limit on family, huh? Got it….” Dean downed the rest of his beer, left the empty on the table and stormed out.
Dean had only seen something like this once before. He and Bobby…alone in that barn…He winced as a loud, whining noise screamed through the room. He couldn’t even cover his ears due to the restraints. “It’s….” Dean began as hundreds of bodies streamed into the coliseum through all entrances. He squinted, confused, as they were all humanoid bodies, but they appeared to be wearing armor. It glinted silver in the remaining sparking lights and sunbeams, and there were….wings…wings everywhere. Wings in every shade of cream, white, and gold he’d ever seen. His brain couldn’t even make sense of it.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said as he leaned back. Dean opened his eyes and could not control a grin of his own as he looked at his Angel.
“The Dean Cave has the jumbo tv. It felt a bit obnoxious in the living room space,” Cas added as if he could hear Dean’s critique.
“Fine, fine,” He took a deep breath before continuing, settling himself more comfortably on the pillows. “She claimed you were gaining your power back and wanted you to be the face of leadership in Heaven while she worked as more of a right hand. I told her no. She used my response as an excuse to say I would not choose what was best for Heaven in my actions. Again, it was never about you, Jack. She knew I would say no and she used it. Naomi is predictable, and that is her most obvious weakness.”
Castiel tried to concentrate on what Dean was saying but the fingertips tracing along his neglected skin was very distracting. He shivered before responding. “Why are you surprised? It’s Naomi….I could have healed it but I needed a reminder.”
“No sigils to blast you away…” Dean said as the possibilities finally began to form in front of his eyes.
His voice was low and dangerous as he spoke, each word chosen carefully to control his temper. “You do not speak to people about the condition or their souls. Haven’t you learned anything from the other Angels? When you have faced the hardships and endured what he and Sam and the others at this table have, perhaps you will understand why their souls shine so brightly despite their scars. Until such time, you have no right to speak of it.”
“It’s close to 11. Have you heard from Jack and Sam? I hope Jack has a good time,” Castiel mumbled as he glanced at his phone.
“What do I tell the others? They will ask,” Debriel added softly as he dropped his hand to his side in defeat as Aberia refused to yield.
Cas tilted his head in confusion for a moment but smiled and shook his head in amusement. “I sensed you were away from your family. I wanted a moment alone if you wouldn’t mind….”
“I will always come back to you, Dean. You are my home,” Castiel said with assurance ringing in his tone as he pulled Dean down with his hand on his neck now.
“You obviously feel this is important to do tonight, but you're nervous as to how to begin. So, one of us has to take the bull by the….horns?” Cas said in question at the end. “I think it’s horns. I’m fairly certain it’s horns. Any other part of the bull’s anatomy would make the turn of phrase vulgar…though perhaps more appropriately topical.” He yanked his dress shirt off and Dean sat up like he was a man possessed. He wanted to laugh at Cas’ absurd phrasing but his brain was too busy raking in and memorizing the sight of Cas shirtless, and as Cas reached to undo his own belt, he felt something in his brain short circuit. He took in the smooth expanse of Cas' stomach, the smattering of dark chest hair, his lightly tanned skin...and he somehow found the focus to quickly begin to undress himself, his shaky hands fumbling through the process. He was slower than Castiel, but how could he be efficient when only half of him was mindful of his own hands. The other half was staring as the Angel shucked off his pants and left them crumpled on the floor. It took a bit more shuffling, a bit of insecure turning of backs, and a dimming of the lights before they were both on the bed and finally rid of every cursed article of clothing.
“Very well,” Cas continued to speak as they ascended the stairs, the banister another beautifully wooden carved accent. He spoke of the different details but Dean couldn’t focus. The stairs creaked softly, not in disrepair, but as if they had seen many beloved members of the house ascend and descend them over the years. Dean didn’t think he would have liked it had it felt bright and shiny like a new penny. He felt the age of the home. The love of the home…and that came from Cas.
Mary stood above him, hesitant about what would do the trick. She grabbed her hunting knife and plunged it into its neck, which might severe his spinal cord or just piss him off. Regardless it would distract him enough to give Dean a moment of respite.
“Seven other Angels…things are…complicated,” Castiel yelled out as Aberia snatched the phone from him.
Jack spoke up then. “He didn’t want you two to know about the deal. He told me you couldn’t know but then that you could but he didn’t want you to, that it would only make you worry.”
“I do feel a bit bad about how things went down with her,” Cas said softly as he glanced out the window.
“They love each other. It hurts them to be apart,” Jack said matter-of-factly. His forehead creased in confusion as to why they didn’t see what he saw.
Cas tilted his head in confusion and nodded, narrowing his eyes as Dean walked down the steps and looked at the bar from the parking lot. “Of course. I knew you would want to make some changes, but I had to have something to give you when you got here. I couldn’t meet you empty handed. There are others but this one is a little less private. I thought it would be easier for you. Pamela said she’d gladly take it over and make it hers if you decided you didn’t want it. Ash and the others stopped by when they heard you were coming. They of course have parts of Heaven of their own, but everyone is free to visit one another…It’s what you all deserve. Not locked doors and only reliving your best moments. You deserve to make new memories too.”
“I’m so confused right now…” murmured Sam as he sank into a chair. “New Angels, G, Commander Castiel, I mean, what Is happening up there?” Jack, Dean, and Mary followed suit and sat around the table.
“Jack pointed out that there were some things I might have been missing….about you and Cas…” Sam led in gently to test the waters.
“Okay,” Dean said quietly as he slowly took Cas’ hand in his own. The gesture wasn’t lost on the other Angels in the room but they looked away as if they were doing something much more obscene.  He felt a hatred deep in his gut for Naomi. He’d done terrible things in his time in Hell and torture was something he knew a great deal about…what she’d done to him was in a similar vein. Those were not killing blows. None of Cas' were. She had struck with intent to cause pain only. He shuddered to think what she might have done without an audience.
“I’ll get there. I’ll have to actually do training with you and Sam when we get back to maintain my body and reflexes,” Castiel said with the first hint of sulking in his voice. Dean noticed.
Debriel chimed in again as he leaned against he wall. “Isn’t this all premature arguing? We don’t even know if she is going to come for you…”
“I am sure the young ones would assist you in that as they return…but while I have you here, let me make something very clear….” Castiel stepped forward out and only then dropped Dean's hand as he flipped the Angel blade in his own once before sheathing in at his side. The sun was setting at his back and he made an imposing figure with his wings casting dark shadows in front of him. “The Earth and my family are off limits to any of your Angelic drama from now on. No more Apocalypses. No more Angelic turf wars. No hunting down Nephilim.” Castiel glanced to Jack then. “Stay away from us.”
Castiel and the others prepare for the final confrontation with Naomi and the other Angels, but those Angels that follow him question his loyalties to them in comparison to his loyalty to the Winchesters.
“Please don’t kill anyone. We need every Angel we have left…” she said with a raised eyebrow and a serious expression on her face.
Chuck shook his head quickly, a frown of his own forming as he held up a hand to pause. “No. no need for violence. Grace freely given doesn’t need that. Here, let’s step in here. A little more empty space…” Chuck stepped through to the bedroom area and nodded appreciatively at the large empty area between the bed and the hot tub. “Yeah, this should work. Dean, I will be focused on containing his grace. You’ll need to help him.” He turned and looked to Dean, who had a look of puzzlement now as he followed in behind Cas. Both were full of trepidation, the nerves rolling off of them in waves. It didn't help that they were crowded in a bedroom together with God...this was one of the weirder things Dean could say he'd done.
“Never mind, Cas. We’ll talk about that later. Let’s just get there and deal with this shit.” He pushed his foot down harder on the gas and they shot off into the dark of the empty highway. Dean wanted to ask for more information, but he thought his silence would benefit him more than the questions he wanted answers to. He bit his tongue and let silence permeate the car from the remainder of the ride. There would be time for answers later.
She stared a moment then looked away with disgust. “All I see is another human, a stupid human who let his baser instincts make his decision for him.” Castiel’s face hardened then into a face Aberia did recognize and she took one hesitant step back.
Aberia shuddered, her wings ruffling as she did so and she turned away from the corpse at their feet. “I was the only one in position and you wouldn’t have made it in time to stop her. I didn’t think her petty reasoning was excuse enough for Dean to die…”
Dean’s eyebrow quirked up and he sat up against the pillows, Cas coming with him. He rubbed the back of his neck with one hand and gripped Cas’ hand with the other. “Unless you're human…Cas you can’t give up your Grace…Not for me…”
Jack walked in moments later, having tried to give Dean a few moments of his own before including himself. Castiel smiled happily as his protégé entered. The other Angels looked on with further hesitation.
“It’s okay, Cas. It’s not just you,” Dean grumbled as he crossed his arms across his chest. “Sam said I wouldn’t enjoy the fireworks show because they didn’t allow alcohol…”
“No one else will get the pleasure of ending Naomi’s life. I have never been one to enjoy ending a life, but I will make an exception here. To think of sinking my blade into her chest...Of removing her poisonous influence from our lives forever...I can only be sorry I cannot inflict that pain as many times as she had me practice killing you. Over and over and over again...” Cas’ eyes looked far away in that moment and Dean knew he was back in that place, brainwashed by the bitch in question. “She took pleasure in it. Fairly reveled in seeing me end you. It would be unfair of me not to return the favor.” He looked to Dean then, his eyes dark and dangerous and Dean swallowed nervously.
Reflexively, Dean stepped closer, making Cas put another hand up to keep them apart. Cas’ fingers widened as he felt Dean’s warmth radiating from under the thin cotton of his t-shirt. They stood inches apart, neither moving until Cas closed his eyes a moment, let out a breath, and side stepped out of the tight position. Dean stumbled with his quick movement and caught himself against the wall where Cas had been.
Dean grinned happily as he grabbed Cas’ tie and reeled him in for a soft, gentle kiss. He felt the soft brush of his stubble against his lips and he brought his hand up to brush a hand through Cas’ dark hair. “Yeah, but why wait?”
“Then whose in the car?” Jody said with a disbelieving look, her lips pressed together to control her facial expression, but pulling up at the corners as she began to understand what was going on.
“The birthday boy asked me to stay. How could I ever say no?” Dean turned on his side, facing Cas now.
Dean cleared his throat and swallowed hard in an attempt to find his words. “Then you know what you have to do. What we have to do, and it’s time we get it done.”
He locked eyes with Dean, as uncomfortable as it was. “I can’t…I don’t find strangers attractive. I have to have an emotional…bond to feel real attraction.” Dean was incredibly still and quiet for longer than Cas liked, and he began to fidget in his seat. “Well?”
As the following days turned into weeks, he decided the best thing he could do was avoid all the other Angels, …. But where could he go? He had a thought and headed toward one of the oldest areas of Heaven’s halls. It took him quite some time to reach it, as the halls were a meandering maze of doors, but he finally found it. The power here was the dimmest, the lights barely flickering, creating shadows of his form along the wall. Perhaps he could be out of the other’s radars here. These were the oldest souls in Heaven and there was little need for Angel activity here.
“You did nothing wrong, and besides, I think she’ll come around,” Dean said as he nudged Cas with his elbow.
“I think I offended your friend there. It really was just a joke,” the woman added and Cas glanced over to Dean again.
Cas studied Chuck’s earnest face, debating on his reply. He hesitated but if ever he had to tell the truth, it would be here. “Humans are amazing. They love deeply. They protect each other. They’re resilient…They…They are better than us in every way. The Angels…we…we are opposed to change. We focus on our designated tasks and damn the consequences. We fight amongst ourselves and fight for power. When the Angels fell, they hurt people to help themselves. They were unable to adapt…they jump-started the apocalypse because they were bored…Angels are dangerously short-sighted.”
“You didn’t tell him? How very like you. Does he even know why I called you here? Does he know the mess you’ve left us in?”
“Is it time?” Dean said with a flutter of pushed down anxiety only Cas would pick up on. Castiel mourned the soft, relaxed feel of Dean’s body only moments ago. Now he felt every muscle in Dean’s body pulled taut as a string. Anger welled up in him again. How dare they take away what little peace Dean had.
“Mom, it’s just a vamp. One. Uno. I’ll take care of it myself if you’d rather wait outside for Bobby,” Dean grumbled as he checked that everything was where it should be.
Next week will probably be a long chapter! I've had next week's written for some time. Thanks for reading!
Castiel could feel the others in the room making their assessments and he spoke firmly. “I will be outnumbered but that’s never stopped me before…Once this is settled, will any members of the choir who wish to rejoin Heaven be allowed to do so? Either those that chose Naomi’s side..or mine?” Castiel looked back at the Angels surrounding him.
“You’re still hurt…” Cas reminded patiently as Dean slid his belt through the loops and tossed it hard enough that it popped against the windshield. However, he did nothing to stop him as Dean stroked his fingertips over the Enochian tattoo above his hipbone, and his body betrayed his tone by bucking up into Dean’s touch eagerly.
“Jack…It’s Castiel. I am alive and well, but I must be brief. I love you all. Keep each other safe…” Castiel focused his words to Jack, hoping they would find their way.
Dena gasped as he slid his finger in and Cas could sense his tension. “I’ve got you, Dean. If you want me to stop, I will.” Dean shivered as Cas pulled him closer with his free hand and he moved his finger within him. It wasn’t painful but it was completely new to him. Cas grinded against him and the feeling made him audibly groan and his Angel took that moment to begin leaving a trail of warm, wet kisses along his neck as he pumped his finger slowly.
Dean grinned and slid the whiskey bottle back on the counter. “Moments are all you and I seem to get. Might as well steal them while we can.”
“Oh, you knew Alistair? Sam killed him, you know.” Dean said as he nodded at Sam. “And the Angels  kicked his ass before that…”
“Oh shit, Cas. You know I don’t do your travel well,” Dean groaned, and he looked green just at the thought.
Cas shivered under Dean’s touch, his eyes closed in happiness now. A small frown crossed his face though and he slowly opened his eyes again, wariness present. “Now would probably be the best time to show you the other one….” He slid his shirt off his arms, his body now naked from the torso up. Dean looked confusedly at his chest, only seeing the mark at his side. Castiel turned to reveal his back, wincing as he heard Dean suck in a shocked breath.
“What do you have planned, Cas? You don’t have any allies up there and that’s the one place I can’t follow…” Dean added worriedly.
“Why do you do that?” Castiel asked softly, his fingertips gripping with feather softness that always impressed Dean.
“We took much time to make notes, plans, and sketches. Chuck wanted to use me as an example, but there were things he did not want them to have that are a part of me….All of these Angels though, they were each created using some of my own power combined with Chuck’s. He wanted them to be born with some pre-existing understanding of Humanity, respect for life, the capacity for love and friendship…”
"Yes, sir. You made that clear, sir. I…I wanted to see the battle better and I was only guarding the humans….”
Dean paused a moment before his eyes widened in disbelief and whispered with such intensity that it might as well have been shouting. “You can’t be that stupid, Cas! Angel Radio? I KNOW you were not going out to meet with Angels alone…. without telling anyone…. after I’ve asked you not to do anything stupid…I just KNOW you weren’t doing that….”
Another Angel spoke up. “And we are not nearly as strong as Castiel and Naomi are at healing. We are mere children in that regard…”
“Knowing you, exceptionally,” Cas said with affection in his voice and a playful eye roll as he laid a kiss on Dean's head.
Sam looked past Mary, an eyebrow raised as he locked eyes with the two of them. “They didn’t tell me, but I’m not blind, and I would have been fine if they
Dean frowned and the lines in his forehead had deepened. "I don't like it. You're helpless. No armor. You're wings are..." he had begun but Cas had turned and put a soft hand on his shoulder, glancing back absently at his damaged appendages.
He tried to blink away the thought of Dean, post-practice, drenched in sweat. His shirt clinging to the dip in his back and his hard chest in sweaty patches. He knew Dean’s routine and he’d always be waiting in the hall to toss him a bottle of water, that Dean would press to his lips happily. Castiel had long envied that he’d never be allowed to touch him the way he craved. The way Angels weren’t supposed to crave anything. Now if only he could get out of here, he could touch him. He could…
“It’s okay, Cas. I know. Me too,” Dean finished for him. Castiel dropped his hands from his shoulders and instead wrapped them around him and pulled him close. Dean could see the panic in his eyes. “It’s okay, Cas. It won’t be that long, I’m sure…”
“This one I wasn’t entirely sure about but thought it was a safe option. I admit your relationship with the Impala…” Cas side eyed Dean who narrowed his eyes and cleared his throat. “with Baby,” Dean nodded his head and Cas rolled his eyes playfully. “Your relationship with “Baby,” Cas said in air quotes this time, “borders on the eccentric. However, I have seen your mechanic skills without any schooling, and I thought you might enjoy tinkering with it in your free time here.” Cas walked into the pulled-up garage door and Dean raised his eyebrows in surprise and appreciation. It had a full wall of different tools, all neatly hung on pegboard, and several bright red tool chests pushed against one wall. It was literally a mechanics dream, with spare parts laid out on a table by the other wall. There was enough room in it to work on two cars at once if he chose. He felt Cas’ eyes on him as he walked around the garage and his hands shook. It had the reassuring smell of grease and gasoline and it brought him immediately back to the times he’d spent tinkering on Baby in Bobby’s yard and in the bunker garage. The nostalgia, however, wasn’t painful now. He had infinite opportunities now…something he was still wrapping his head around.
Cas’ eyes had been softly pleading, something Dean wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to say no to…“She needs time, Dean. Do you remember the first person you killed? Not monster…person.”
Dean lowered his head and clutched his hands in fists as he leaned his forehead on them. “Yeah, okay.” He mumbled softly before putting his hands down to hang between his knees. “If this is what you want, okay. I’m sorry. I just…”
“Here we are,” Dean mumbled as he turned the knob to Cas’ room. Sam had already gathered Cas’ presents and left them in a neat pile in the chair nearest his bed. “Have fun?”
Dean grimaced and narrowed his eyes at his brother then turned back to the door. “Listen…I know I’ve been kinda hung up on the last time you were human. I know I’ve been insecure about it…and us. I know I tried to talk you out of it…but please, don’t do something in there you don’t want. If you want to be human, I want you to be human, and I swear not to bring up the last time again…but…” Dean leaned in and whispered, “just throwing it out there that I make a really good peanut butter and jelly sandwich.” Another thunk at the door and Dean sighed. He looked back at the completely exasperated looks of his mother and brother and the confused face of Jack.
Dean gripped Cas and pulled him to him, wrapping his arms around him and burying his face in the shoulder of his coat. “You said I could have anything that would make me happy here right?”
“Not my point. You could get cancer or hit by a car or…” Dean argued, his voice taking on a desperate tone he barely recognized as his own.
“Sure, just a little nap. Take what you need.” Dean murmured softly into the quiet room. It was still very early. Dean eyed the clock on the nightstand that read 2:32 AM. Maybe he’d just take close his eyes for a bit too. Cas' sleep schedule wasn't the only one suffering. He urged Cas to let him pull the comforter over them and as he felt his warm weight fall asleep his lids became heavy and he fell asleep to the relaxed, rhythmic breathing of Cas by his side.
“Is this one okay? Dean asked as he looked over at the passenger seat, the sun illuminating Cas' face as they looked together at the building in front of them. They’d been driving for several hours and Dean lowered his sunglasses. The hotel was several stories tall and they were parked under the shaded awning where guests unloaded their bags. You could see into the lobby from where they sat parked, seeing guests coming and going through the clear glass automatic doors.
“I am sorry I couldn’t’ have stopped this before you were dragged here…It takes time to organize this many, and they are all so new…”
“So if that Nephilim came to you, statistically speaking as far as balance goes, the next Nephilim would belong to Heaven,” Chuck said coolly as he winked at Cas, unseen by the Shadow.
“Here. Let me show you another,” Cas said as he held his hand out palm up, newfound excitement in his eyes. Dean hesitantly put his hand in his and in a moment they were standing in front a car garage, several run down looking classic cars sitting around the grassy yard in various stages of repair, or disrepair. It depended on your point of view; Dean supposed.
Dean rummaged in his bag, trying to ignore Cas standing there, but his hands fisted in the crumpled clothes and he swore under his breath. “Goddamn it all. That’s the one rule we can’t break? We’ve avoided you truly falling up to this point and THAT is the line in the sand? You know how ridiculous our lives are? Is all of this,” Dean waived between the two of them, “just a big cosmic middle finger?”
Once they were back on the road, Dean glanced over to the box again with interest. “She really hooked you up huh.”
The evening was a blur after that, the War room table littered with red cups, empty bottles, cupcake wrappers, and pizza boxes. What began as a birthday party became something more. It became a celebration of their survival and their freedom, an acknowledgment of the shit they'd endured and lived to tell about. They sat around swapping hunting stories and filling their cups until Sam and Jody started nodding off at the table and one by one the crowd begged off for sleep.
Castiel, even in all his anger could obviously pick up on that and took mercy on Dean. “If I had taken my Grace back, you’d damn well know it. Trust me,” Cas said from behind the door. Dean’s face visibly relaxed and he leaned his head against the door, making a soft thunk. He crossed his arms over his chest and stretched his legs out on front of him on the floor.
“Chuck? God was…okay. I’ll make coffee...” Sam said as he turned away and walked back into the living area where a coffee pot sat on top of the microwave. Dean dug out their phone chargers and plugged both of their phones in and grabbed up one of his long sleeved fleece shirts to toss to Cas. He'd noticed him shiver as he'd extricated himself from the comforter and he was rewarded by Cas catching it effortlessly.
“I can count three weaknesses.One. Two. Three...the Nephilim can probably handle himself...” came another dismissive comment from the earlier Angel as she gestured to Dean, Sam, and Mary. Aberia and Debriel shrank away from her as Castiel’s mouth pulled into a deep frown and he turned toward her. Even Dean gave pause at the storm that brewed in Cas' eyes at her unwanted commentary.
“He literally blinded you by trying to see him and you’re flirting with him now?” Dean said with confusion, trying to bury the jealousy down in disbelief.
Cas shrugged and removed the pillow, looking down at him with pure love, and Dean couldn’t restrain himself from brushing back a stray strand of hair as he smiled. “I’m fairly certain everyone in the bunker would have gotten very tired of the noise and the broken lightbulbs, Dean.”
Chuck studied Cas' face and then stole a look to Dean, who was equally frustrated and outdone with the runaround they'd endured this evening. He seemed to make a decision after studying the two of them. “Take it to go…You’re probably going to need it.”
Dean chuckled softly in the dark as he leaned over and popped on his nightstand light. He had a fleeting thought of how nice it would have been to be woken up by the sun. There was no natural light in this tomb.
She nodded, impressed. “What else can I get you then darlin? What are ya’ in the mood for?” She lifted an eyebrow and laughed. “If it isn’t alcohol, I can’t help though. She’d kick your ass and mine,” She laughed as she nodded down at the end of the bar at an equally pretty brunette with a short pixie cut who winked at her as they made eye contact.
“Why did she do this to you? I thought you were working together," Jack said as he tilted his head and scrunched his forehead in confusion. Several eyes in the room look somewhat resentfully at Jack's back, but they went unnoticed to the young Nephilim. They did not go unnoticed to Cas, who gave fleeting looks to each of the Angels.
Dean raised his eyebrow and thought better of what he might say. Nope. Not the time. “Netflix? God, I’m old…” He said with a laugh as he shouldered softly past Cas. He felt the air pressure change and knew Cas was following behind him in his silent way. In the past he’d felt Cas was magic in the silent way he moved. Now, he’d been around him so long he could sense him by changes in the air.
It was very late when Mary finally begged off to head to bed. She gave Castiel a short hug before heading to her room. Sam looked over at Jack, who had fallen asleep on the couch, his head lolled to the side and leaned against Cas. Castiel was looking at him with fondness visible in his eyes as Sam nudged him awake. He and Cas both got him up, each holding an arm to get him steady on his feet.
Shutting his laptop with a soft click, Sam carefully continued his defense. “He’s helped us plenty. When it
Castiel huffed out a sigh and looked straight to Dean. “I believe I made it very clear, she is a mere child in the grand scheme of my life. I have no control over how she feels about me. That is what free will can do, but I promise you those feelings are not returned. She doesn’t even understand how to regulate her feelings and emotions as the original Angels did, because we didn’t have those. Don’t you remember how I was?”
Sorry for any issues I missed in the text. My laptop is dying and is running EXTREMELY slowly! Next week Dean and Cas get some alone time...
Cas absorbed his words but felt a little bit daring in the aloneness of the aisle and nudged him clumsily with his elbow. “I don’t see you living it up either.”
Castiel paced nervously in the stark white hall in front of Naomi’s door. Chuck was away doing whatever he did to create new Angels. Cas did not pretend to understand the process, nor did he really want to try to. Chuck had suggested Castiel talk to Naomi about the new Angels prior to his return, but he wasn’t particularly keen to confront her with this new information. In theory, she should be relieved that help was on the way, but he had an inkling this was not going to be as well received as it should be.
“You dirty Angel,” Dean said with a proud smile before he couldn’t hold back any more and he came, hot and streaking out, landing across Cas’ naked chest and chin, some even painting across his cheek. When Dean looked down and saw it as he came down from his high, he thought he might come all over again. He hit his knees, his weight finally giving out over two orgasms so close together, and slammed his mouth over Cas’, tasting himself on the Angel’s lips, and it was good.
Aberia opened her mouth to speak but Dean cleared his throat, and everyone looked to him. “Enough of that, why don’t we enjoy our breakfast? I think we’ve drudged up enough painful shit for an hour or two.” He squeezed Cas’ hand before dropping it to continue eating. His own hands shook at Cas’ recounting and he swore he’d kill Naomi himself if he ever got the chance…
Jody stepped forward, putting herself between Cas and Mary. “Look, Mary, I know I’m not Dean’s mom but-“
As Cas fitted the chest piece in place, Dean was distracted by the closeness of him. However, his mind kept reminding him of what was to come. “What’s the play, Cas? Are you hoping the other Angels turn on her or are we looking at an OK Corral type situation here?” Cas let out a small laugh at Dean’s cowboy reference and leaned back, admiring him in the armor in a way that made Dean not mind it so much.
