'Nonsense!' Thor said enthusiastically. 'It is a double celebration! We will ensure the beer flows freely!' Steve gave him a look. 'When we are not on duty,' he added, hastily.
hear you!'
When, however, she awoke again as dawn was breaking and found the bed still empty beside her, she began to get a little concerned. It must have been a bad one. Peggy pulled a robe on over her night dress and headed downstairs to look for him.
And even though Tony had intended to troll him back, he couldn't let Steve worry about it a second longer. So he laughed, rested his head back against Steve's chest and said, 'It is romantic. I love it. I don't know what I did to deserve you.'
That didn't matter right now. What mattered was getting out, getting
bullshit then-'
'I hope not,' Sarah said.
'Thor, the thing is...' the Captain trailed off uncertainly.
'I love it,' Steve said, honestly, and Tony's expression eased a fraction. 'I'm just making an improvement.'
Steve touched his nose tentatively. It was bleeding, but no, he didn't think it was broken. Apparently Ty wasn't much more of a brawler than Steve was. The more pressing problem was his stomach. The alcohol would have irritated it enough, but now it had been sloshed around and was churning –
'It's true,' Steve agreed solemnly, as Tony giggled even more, starting to snort with laughter.
Neither of them mentioned Iron Man. Steve wondered how much Stark made taking on hit jobs for other people. A silent waiter appeared at his elbow then, putting plates down in front of them. There had been no menu involved. Either Stark always ate the same thing or, again, he had ordered in advance.
'Hey, hey,' he said, 'It's okay. Sometimes people cry when they're happy.'
Filthy as they were, he decided to keep his hands out of his pockets, where they could be clearly seen. And then he realised that, as no-one knew who he was, if he wanted bubble tea, he would have to wait in line with everyone else. Tony surveyed it in horror. The line was at least seven people long; how long would that take to clear? He'd never had to wait in line in his life.
I'm not sure about this fic... it feels too choppy with the short parts, and I feel like I'm doing too much 'and then x, y and z happened' rather than actually writing x, y and z. On the other hand I'm mainly writing this to explore the ideas and concept rather than actually write it if that makes sense? So basically imagine this is just a detailed plan/scrappy first draft??? I don't know, but enjoy!
'I'm fine, Cap.'
Steve threw the rest of the rubbish from his locker away, but he left the ribbon where it had fallen. There was no way he was cleaning up Tony Stark's mess.
And Tony looked at Angela properly, and
'He might be right, Stevie,' Sarah said gently. 'And, you know, it will stop them from expecting anyone more... experienced.'
And that was what he thought was happening when Agent Romanov showed up on his doorstep one rainy morning. Peter’s sleep cycle was all over the place, and they’d been awake since 4:30. They’d watched
'May I ask you for a dance?' Tony asked.
'You don't like it?' Steve asked, taking a tiny sip of his own. It had been years since he had drunk anything and he could feel the alcohol shooting straight into his brain, not to mention his stomach. He was going to have to go slow on it.
. So they'd come here, to Italy, and Tony had found them this place, right on the shores of Lake Garda. It wasn't tourist season yet, so it was relatively secluded. At night, nestled in the mountains, looking at the moonlight and the lights from the lodge reflected in the water, it was easy to believe it was just them. Steve was sitting on the wooden bench out on the decking, looking out at the lake and the mountain and stars. He was sketching, charcoal all over his fingers and the knees of his trousers, hands moving quickly, his eyes so intense but his mouth curved up in a smile. The only word for it was rapture. Tony loved to see it, loved how Steve could find such beauty in the world. The only thing he looked at that way was Steve.
'Which interviews? Not the countdown interviews? Steve!'
Home wasn't far, he knew that. But he looked up and down the street, desperately, and neither way seemed right to him. What if he went the wrong way and got more lost? He'd realised in the course of searching his pockets that he didn't have his phone either, and nobody would believe he was Tony Stark in this state. Was he going to have to sleep under a bridge tonight? What if he never remembered his way back, and just wandered further and further in the wrong direction? How long until someone realised he wasn't in the lab and came looking? How far would he be by then?
‘I really do,’ Tony sighed, and chose a few more flowers, adding them to the counter. ‘So… a colour blind florist, huh? I’d never have guessed, your bouquets are all stunning.’
'You're just trying to get rid of it.'
'Me too.' He smiled back as best as he could, paid, and left the store. As soon as he had handed the bag over to Natasha, he was going to call Widow, or google women's trouble, or do
on my own. But let's go get Peter first.'
He tapped on the glass. Steve looked up, registered it was him, and looked somewhat surprised as he strode over to open the door.
It wasn’t true, of course. But it meant that they had been happy to disappear off to ‘summer’ with some relatives out of state and leave Steve in sole charge of the store. And so, he was there on his own when the young man burst in, rushing through the door.
'Looks like you're getting the hang of this,' Clint commented. He'd been on the couch in the seating area nearby, but never missed an opportunity to come say hi to the little boy. And why should he? Peter was a delight.
'Please...'
tomorrow, when he suddenly realised that this was all wrong. His eyes flew open.
'Certainly, sir,' Jarvis said, sounding almost pleased. Possibly because this was the first request Tony had made to look into his family's archive since testing that the software worked almost a year before. The idea had been to offer Stark Industries' competitive paid internships to fields outside of STEM, and the only thing he could think of was getting a bunch of History and Library Management Studies students in to digitise his family's extensive private archives; everything from his ancestors' diaries to Howard's lab books and research notes to photographs, film reels and newspaper cuttings. He'd taken on three interns at the start of the year, run thorough background checks, buried them in non-disclosure agreements, and then let them loose on the old mansion where it was all stored. Even now they had only cleared two of the five floors, but they had just finished with his dad's Captain America collection, or as Tony called it, the freaky stalker collection. It had weirded him out a bit when he was growing up, but now he was glad of it. He intended to present Steve with any personal effects in the New Year, along with a full list of items to see if there was anything else he wanted. He'd thought about doing it as a gift on Christmas day, but somehow it had felt unfair to return Steve's stuff and pass it off as a present. The benefit was that now, if Steve had somehow had anything to do with the song, his dad would almost certainly have details of it.
Steve nodded tersely. He didn’t want to think about this. He certainly didn’t want to discuss it with a woman who would pass every last word onto Fury.
‘I don’t like threats, beautiful.’
Natasha was trying to meditate, sitting on the toilet, too scared to get up because
They spent a lot of time in the lab. Not sure what else to do with himself, Tony had gone down there to tinker, to build, to try not to think about what Shield might have him do, and Peter always came too, asking so many questions that it usually turned into a teaching session. Where Peter came, Steve came, sometimes watching the two of them, sometimes dropping into one of the chairs with a book and leaving them to it. Tony really liked those times. Peter was charming and smart and fascinated by everything, and Steve was a solid and reassuring presence that would stop anything too bad from happening. Venom wouldn't be able to get to him again, even at those times, slowly growing less frequent, when Tony wanted it to.
Tony laughed. This man was ridiculous. Then again, Steve wasn't the one lost with no idea how to get home. Tony wanted to cry.
After the fence, there were guard dogs with two handlers. Stark had laughed at how 'old school' it was, talked at length about his own, high-tech security, and they had batted the dogs aside. One of the handlers went down almost immediately but the other ran, and Steve managed to stop her just before she called the house to warn them. They'd reached the front door.
'Sir,' Steve said, putting his file down, and Tony could see his own picture there along with several others. 'What is this?'
Tony thought,
'Steve? You okay?'
, sort of smile. A
Peter remembered his dad asking Mr Stark about
was proud of him. A small, warm feeling spread inside him. The situation suddenly didn't seem so bad.
Tony pretended not to hear, examining the smashed stereo. 'You cut it off before the best bit,' he complained. 'I'm not sure if I prefer the bit where you ask for
He heard Peter crying now and then and always felt guilty, but if he rolled over and pulled up the blankets and waited, someone would soothe him. They were taking good care of him. Tony had no worries on that score. They'd look after him. They'd know how to cope when Peter asked for 'Pa'.
And they rocketed up at speeds Steve wouldn't have thought possible. He knew he was putting an awful lot of trust in someone who probably wouldn't hesitate to drop him if things didn't go his way. But until Peter was safe, it was a risk he would have to take.
– he decided not to waste time looking for a door. With a few good thumps, the window shattered and he was able to climb through, hitting the ground running.
And the next few minutes were a blur of pain and anger as he struggled against the restraints, being pummelled from all sides, doing his best to headbutt, to bite anyone that came close enough. If he could just get a hand free -
The kid had wanted
'I know.'
Steve sat down in his chair behind the counter, heavily. The shop suddenly seemed so quiet that he could hear the erratic pounding of his heart. He hoped that didn’t show up on his next cardiogram.
Steve had hurtled through the door to Peter's room without looking around, but now he was coming back, marching purposefully towards him. Tony straightened up.
And Tony knew exactly who it was. Only one other person had touched his bag, while he was engrossed in his work and distracted enough not to notice them taking the key. It was Osborn, Norman Osborn, he had taken the key and snuck down and done
But he really didn't want to go to jail. Tony took deep breaths, seriously worried he might puke again.
(‘Bucky!’)
The fire escape opened.
, who was definitely behind the whole thing, were whooping and yelling and generally making a scene the likes of which his art school had never seen. They had a banner. Oh hell, did they have
And these were the facts:
'Maybe not,' Tony said. 'If you gave me a good enough reason. I hear you can be nice,'
'Buck.'
‘Wouldn’t it be easier to just do whatever it was you said you did?’ Steve asked. ‘It would definitely be cheaper.’
'I knew you'd be hot when you're angry, babe,' he said. 'Look at this manly clenched jaw.' He patted Steve's cheek, and Steve dropped him in disgust. This was useless. Well, he thought bitterly, this was hardly the sort of person he wanted anywhere near Peter anyway, even if it was the thing Peter wanted most in the world. He turned to leave.
'That's a little bit harder to explain.'
Steve shrugged, pulling on his shirt. 'It's not like it's Jane or no-one. Everyone gets more than one throw of the dice, Tony.'
Steve raised his eyebrows. 'They seem to be enjoying themselves.'
onto your skin just as you fell asleep. And Steve
He'd sort of expected a big, noisy reaction, but instead everyone seemed to be slightly stunned. Tony knew it wouldn't last, and continued quickly.
husband and baby. How a jerk like him had got to have something so perfect he couldn't say, but he never stopped appreciating that he had.
'Please tell me I don't own that now,' Steve said, because
pyjama bottoms, heard his raspy voice, and hated it.
each other that well, at least not in a romantic sense. Tony had the benefit of his
Despite himself, Steve couldn't help but take a sharp intake of breath. With that, he passed out and the world went black.
Natasha swatted him, trying to deny the way the words made her stomach swoop. 'We're already married, idiot.'
‘Right,’ Tony said, fingering the sets of flowers one by one. ‘So far we have
'Osborn's scientist. The EMP.'
He was so busy thinking about this, barely thinking about the Skrull he was currently grappling with, that he didn't notice it's comrades sneaking up behind him until it was too late. They forced him out of sight, to the far side of a parking garage. Too late he realised they were all covering their mouths with some sort of breathing apparatus from the front of their suits and took a deep breath, but it tasted foul. The world span and he fell to his knees, unable to move, clinging to consciousness.
'If you go in there, the only person it will hurt is you,' Steve said, reaching into his pocket and taking out his own phone. 'Call Shield, okay? Tell them you're my son and tell them what happened. They'll fix it.'
He got no further. Tony was laughing too hard. Well, he was laughing when he could, when his lips weren't pressed to Steve's, to his lips and his cheek and his neck and his chin and his temples and every inch of him that Tony could get to. He could feel Steve pouting even beneath his kisses.
'The time of the month!'
at it. Draw inspiration. Try to see where it got its strength, and duplicate it; just as he was going to do with Osborn's experiments into insect strength and animal regeneration, with his Dad's pre-Chernobyl radiation-is-good-for-you notes, and with what he knew or guessed about what had made Steve, physically at least, into Captain America.
'Oh,' Steve said, then, '
'Oh, is that so?' Tony twisted around, hooked his arms around Steve's neck. Steve had no idea why, but he loved it when Tony did that, it drove him crazy. He pulled Tony close, was about to kiss him and then – the sounds of
'No,' Stark interrupted, grinning over at him. 'You want your wish granted, you got to sit on Santa's knee and convince him you're a
Before Steve could say anything, Peter had let out a delighted yell and launched himself across the room, sending the balloon floating up to the ceiling and Stark staggering into the wall as he just about managed to catch him. Steve was so taken aback that he missed the start of what Peter was saying. He didn't have much experience with four year olds other than Peter, but he had never seen even the fittest of them jump that far.
Mr Stark did not explain the circumstances of his escape and refused to comment on rumours that he utilised a weaponised suit of body armour. Instead, in a move that surprised everyone, he explained openly how he had seen Stark Industries products in what he described as 'the wrong hands'. He announced that he was therefore firing all of his senior management officials and stopping all further production, effective immediately, whilst he begins the process of dissolving the company entirely. You can read the full statement
it was at least a bit different. That one last night was
Guards dispatched, he ran from the room, into the hall, and in the direction he hoped was towards the bridge. Two more Skrulls came out and he took them out without pausing, and that made nine. He just needed a window, some way to see where he was.
'woefully small'(2) and had to look more widely. Hannah Smith was selected by his parents because she was 'a goodly young lady, who spoke her prayers well, curtsied prettily and was pleasing to the eye with no sign of being marked for another' (3), and also because 'her family, being poor, and often burning straw instead of wood or coal, are most mindful of the elevation that might be brought upon them by the marriage, and wept with gratitude for the charity being done them' (4). Once married, there are few mentions of Hannah in Monkton's diary.
'Test the tracker,' He commanded.
'No, it wasn't, it was childish and cruel. You needed me and I was more interested in being jealous.'
'No, Tony.'
told them, and he didn’t feel too guilty about screening them out. If there was some world-ending situation going on, they would come get him.
'Really? This must all be very challenging.'
his brain repeated.
The reply came at once.
'Oh.' For a second Barnaby looked hurt, devastated, but then it slipped from his face to be replaced by a cold, blank mask. 'Sorry. I didn't realise there was someone else.'
'Are you alright?' Steve asked, coming closer. 'You sort of sounded like you were in pain. Are you hurt?'
, or as a racial attack on marriages where the members are an
'It wasn't difficult to work out. Not to anyone who actually knows you. Frankly I was fed up of waiting for you to tell me.'
'No, it doesn't,' Steve muttered. His heart was hammering. His pride had reared up at the idea – it was
He didn't know what to get. Natasha needed the help but he had no idea what to get her. This was feeling a bit overwhelming.
'We're not putting it,' Steve spat through gritted teeth, tearing the paper away from Bucky and furiously crossing out the word
Dragging his attention back to the task at hand, Thor felled three more of their foes with one blast. For once, victory could not come soon enough.
'Well, we wouldn't want anything crazy to happen,' Steve said. He could feel the conversation wrapping up, ending before it had begun, and he desperately didn't want that. 'So, um, can I get your name? In case you go missing and I need to tell the police they should check under random people's tables.'
'He should probably-' Steve started.
'Don't worry, Stevie,' Bucky said. 'If it comes to it, you'll just have to repeat the year. Again.'
'Like at weddings in movies?'
'Did I? Well, as far as you know, it is.'
'That's not what I mean... I guess I don't mean more things, I mean... voices. You hear stuff...'
'Well, happy birthday, kiddo,' Steve planted a quick kiss on his hair. 'Sorry, I must have forgotten all about it.'
Companionship, dependability and trust, he said it meant; wanting the best for each other. In Ancient Greece, it had been normal for men to be this close with nothing lustful, nothing
'No,' Steve said, flatly. 'An avalanche of permit and license requests for the Fourth of July festival.'
The girls laughed like this was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Steve did not laugh. It was widely known that Stark
He didn't look at Steve. He couldn't. Fury snorted.
It was wrong, she knew, this way of thinking. Her kidnappers had been vile, not her. She hadn't been disgusting. But still.
what the blemishes meant, Steve was sure of it now. It wasn't a love being forced on him by the Universe, it was a love being given to him. Maybe, it he was healthy, he would have thought he was favoured rather than cursed. This, to find a love he couldn't have, to be offered a gift he couldn't accept, felt like the cruellest possible thing. And Bucky wasn't helping.
On the one hand, Tony knew this conversation was important. It was the first time Steve had ever talked to him about
'You don't,' Steve said. 'Tony, they threw me into the multiverse. I was connected to, I
'Excuse me, Mr Stark.'
He wondered, wildly, whether he could just seduce Steve and take it back to his place. But he wasn't sure Steve went in for that kind of thing, and anyway, at that moment, Steve was just looking at him incredulously. He was incognito too, wearing a baseball cap and large sunglasses similar to Tony's. It didn't hide his face as well as Tony's hood did, but it didn't need to; Steve was also wearing a plain white t-shirt, khaki knee-length shorts and honest-to-goodness flipflops. Anyone who looked at him and thought it was Captain America would hesitate when they saw he wasn't wearing full-length formal trousers, and would definitely change their mind when they saw his feet.
'Can I do it again?' Peter asked, worming free. 'I promise I'll sit still afterwards!'
'I answered your question, now you need to answer mine. What is that?'
When Howard had found out about them, Tony had begged him, desperately, not to kill Steve. When Steve had disappeared from school, Tony had assumed the worst until Howard had told him, sneering, to
'We aren't dating. This is just one dinner, like we agreed.'
'Tony? Everything okay?'
'He's a hero! He only kills the bad guys!'
to get married?'
?!' The room cried as a whole.
Venom, however, did not appreciate it. Screaming in earnest now, it staggered back, all the tentacles writhing. Steve snatched up his shield, ready to close in, but then something dropped in a blur from the ceiling, right onto the monster's back.
Introduction – A meeting then takes place between the parents of the marriage candidates. The marriage candidates themselves are not present. This meeting acts as a kind of interview, where general factors such as finances, education, health, and whether either party has a
He felt his soul stretched thin.
'This has been a complex case,' the judge said when they were all in position, 'With many people speaking passionately on your behalf. It was further confused by the Venom symbiote, which is scientifically unprecedented. Currently, although much of the jury and I myself believe it is likely you had little to no control over your actions, there is not enough legal proof to declare you innocent, and I must base my ruling on proof. However, I believe there is sufficient evidence to state that your actions were without deliberate malice, and that by submitting to the authorities before any case was made against you, you have a genuine desire to make amends.'
'Ah, hold still, hold still little guy, nearly there!'
'You didn't see this coming. Who's to say there won't be other unforeseen side effects down the line?'
'Yeah,' Stark said, 'Yep, that is... that is a thing that's happening. We're getting married. Yay.'
Suddenly, as if answering his wish, his left hand came out of the restraints and he realised that they were untying him. Realistically he knew if they were releasing him it probably wasn't for anything good, but just then it didn't matter to him. He kicked and punched and got in as many hits as he could before they managed to hold him still.
. Steve hadn't been entirely sure what that meant, and was too embarrassed to ask. It would have seemed rude to, and dangerous. Like invading women's territory.
, he had thought Peter was going to die right there.
assignments like this. Helpless, he looked back at the question again, hoping it would make more sense.
'Buck-'
'No,' Tony said.
'He's fine. He just won't be getting his phone back any time soon.' Stark said, lazily. Then, abruptly, he asked 'So how did you even end up with Peter?'
.' Steve snapped. He didn't have time for this. '
Steve was sitting on the bed, even though he didn't remember sitting down. There, on the dresser, was the black velvet ring box. The reason Steve didn't, couldn't, do any of those things. He was going to marry Tony Stark, and do it right, take it seriously, so that his mom didn't have to live in poverty. He was going to sacrifice everything,
Tony fell silent at last, looking at her. He was too used to being told he was 'too young' for things. His parents surely would never agree. And yet, Meredith said she would speak to them, and now she looked as if she was done talking. There was no 'but' in her expression.
Tony groaned. Then he knew it was time to ask the question he did not want to ask, but had to know.
Iron Man, it could hardly have been any more obvious, but the authorities could never catch him or find proof definitive enough to make it stick. Steve definitely had feelings about this, but he forced himself to push on with what he had come here to say.
'It's a Christmas thing,' Steve said, impatiently. 'Then you have four sticks in it, for the four points of the compass and the four seasons, because the love covers all places and times. And you put the sweets and fruits on the sticks to represent God's bounty and generosity.'
'No sir, reportedly the sky was clear until seconds before the plane crashed.'
'I booked the appointment,' Natasha said, 'Because I knew you'd tell me to.'
She started clearing up the bathroom, seeing for the first time the bottles and jars of toiletries and make up she had scattered everywhere in her frantic search of the cabinet. And Steve had been around for that little display. Damn, she was so embarrassed. She had made him,
except us?' At Steve's silence, he added, 'Exactly.'
'I'm sorry, Steve, really.' Dr Moore paused, then said, 'Oh, Steve Rogers, I never noticed that. Coincidence, or are you named after him?'
A hand emerged, giving him a thumbs up, and quickly withdrew. Steve took the opportunity to glance at the colour chart. A tie-dye band meant
'See, if I thought it might actually work,' Osborn said, casually fanning the papers back and forth. 'I'd remind you that you aren't allowed to do this. You know the market-share agreement our fathers made after the war. Stark Enterprises gets technological warfare, Oscorp gets medical advancements and biological weapons.'
your birthday,' she pouted.
'What is it? Are you okay?'
'You will be invited, sure enough!' Thor said, too excited to let the couple answer for themselves. 'And you will treasure the invitation forever, for it will be - ' He stifled himself quickly. No need to ruin the surprise just yet. (The invitations would be designed and laid out as if it was one of Stark's blue prints, and bound with a Celtic knot in honour of the Captain's Irish ancestry; and as a symbol of their eternal love). 'You must be patient!' He said instead. 'They haven't even had time to -' He reminded himself at the last moment that Midgardians had all sorts of peculiar sexual hang ups, and that the last time he had asked the Captain if he had enjoyed full satisfaction in his explorations of Stark's body the polite enquiry had not been well received. So, cutting himself off again, he said '...enjoy their engagement.'
'No,' Tony said, not sure whether it was true or not. Then again, he was not normally in the lab so long.
.' Stating the time seemed to remind him of what he was there to do, making sure Steve got some much-needed nourishment, and he picked the soup bowl up again, stirring it agitatedly. 'I thought I'd lost you.'
'So I guess you liked the list.'
It was horrible. It was the most disgusting thing she had ever had to deal with. She became detached from it; the only way to deal with it was to pretend it wasn't happening.
‘There’s nothing to know,’ Steve snapped.
'Easy,' Steve said, and apparently without thinking, rubbed Tony's back as if he was Peter. 'You've woken up a few times, but you weren't really making sense. You don't remember?'
'Steve Rogers,' Steve nodded back. 'Can I help you, Mr Odinson?'
He set Peter down on his feet, near the few remaining Shield Agents that had either recovered from the blow or had avoided it to begin with. 'Stay here,' he said.
'You are intruding in the vents,' Jarvis repeated.
'Tony? What's wrong?' Steve asked, dropping the wreath onto the bed without further ceremony and sitting beside him. His eyes were full of concern,
The toddler on Steve's lap was already giggling, joyous with anticipation. Tony couldn't help but smile too at the sight and sound of them together. It was all so right, so perfect, and it made all the struggles and stress and sleepless nights worthwhile. He had never known life could be like this.
'But-'
'Which brought you
, and it's protagonist
'It's not about you any more, Tony,' Clint said. His tone was kind but there was obviously not going to be any room for negotiation. 'You don't have a choice. You have to. He already lost his Pa. He needs his Daddy.'
Steve did so, deliberately shoving against Bucky to get past. It was a well worn argument, one they had more out of habit than anything these days, but it still would have been nice to win at least once. He settled into an empty booth near the edge of the dance floor, remembering fondly the time he had given Bucky a purple band (
He had been so
'I need to think about it,' he said, finally. 'Isn't... is there really nothing?'
'Right,' Tony blinked, pulling himself back to the task at hand. He couldn't take the flight suit off, not while he still needed the armour. On the inside of his visor, what remained of Jarvis had listed the next most likely location from the various factors of probability Tony had given him. The computer hadn't said anything. It rarely did now, other than affirmations that his command had been accepted. He really ought to reactivate the AI function, Tony thought, because it had been a good piece of work. A masterpiece of coding, really, and a hugely advanced piece of software, and, now that he thought about it, his friend. It had seemed like a necessary sacrifice at the time, in order to reassert control, to stop Jarvis from
Finally, the front door clicked and Sarah entered, smiling in a way that didn't quite match her eyes as she sat down opposite them.
He woke up an indeterminate amount of time later, tied to a chair, and being screamed at in a language he did not understand. (He briefly cursed Meredith for only teaching him Mandarin instead of whatever regional-dialect-of-something this was.) Even so, it didn't take a genius to work out what they wanted, as the leader pointed back and forth between himself and the broken pieces of the suit that lay on the workbench. He was back in the same old cell. He glanced towards the cell door. They hadn't yet removed Yinsen's body.
‘Steve? Oh – oh no.’
'Your offspring will be healthy and numerous,' Thor explained, then remembered too late that Midgard also had hang ups about who could and should raise children. 'If that is what you want,' he added, a little belatedly. He hoped they did want. He had worked hard finding appropriate blessings. He took a sip of his drink to hide his disappointment.
'Come along, Stark.' It was Thor's voice, but quiet, kind. 'We can be of no use here.'
The moment they rounded the corner onto the corridor that led to Peter's room, Steve started to run. He moved so fast, he was running before Tony had even processed what was wrong; which turned out to be that there were three bodies in the corridor. There were two nurses and a woman Tony recognised to be Doctor Moore, the lead on Peter's case. But she wasn't dead. Tony knew what dead looked like, and a quick feel of her neck confirmed she was only unconscious. He could smell it now, the traces of chemical lingering in the air, some sort of knock out gas that the military probably would have been very interested in once, long ago.
'I'm at home, but I can come meet you or something, I just...'
'Yes!' Peter was practically bouncing on the bed now.
'When did you see the sculptures?' Ms Potts had asked, with her eyes narrowed.
Tony’s eyes lit up. ‘For future reference, I would
'Fine. He's been staying in a Shield safe house with Harry. He'll be glad to know you're awake.'
'Sap,' Clint said, and then his phone started buzzing. He pulled it out of his pocket and they both saw the caller ID.
'...he won't come,' Tony said, somewhere into Steve's shirt. 'Stood 'im up. Think I'm an asshole.'
'Damn it all to hell!'
'Sure thing, kid. Can't say no to the birthday boy.'
'Yep. You can keep a secret, right?'
'And I keep saying, I only like the TV when I don't have to feel guilty about owning it,' Steve had said, swinging his legs up onto the couch and reaching for the remote.
'Um, okay?' Tony got up and headed for the door. Bucky's voice caught him as he passed through it.
'Not me,' Tony said, sitting up, Steve immediately missing his warm presence. 'Us.' He smiled.
'Yes. You need to rest. And shower, Tony, I'm serious.' Steve looked down on him, and suddenly smiled. 'You might want to sort that beard out too. Tomorrow's a big day.'
'I'll make you pay for that,' he said. 'Just for that, I'm going to make you beg and moan.'
now, oh hell, Steve had taken too long to reply, he must look so dumb; and now handsome funeral goer was waving his hands and – wait, was that ASL? It was, but Steve didn’t know it, and anyway he wasn’t deaf and –
'They're just on the shelf. By the deodorant. Just pick them up and buy them and
'Come on now,' she said, as soothingly as she could manage, gently pushing on his chest. 'Go back to sleep. Things will feel better in the morning.'
‘Beautiful.’
, it was Peter.
'Yes.'
, his Steve, writing some kind of stream-of-conciousness love letter. Because he knew Steve's love language. He'd learnt early on that being given compliments made Steve uncomfortable and embarrassed and flustered, and that asking him to try and give one, especially based on looks, was just about his worst nightmare. Tony had learnt that Steve showed his love in the little things, in getting up early to make the coffee, in learning to sleep with a white noise machine because Tony preferred it, on coming home from a mission with a kit bag full of Tony's favourite hot sauce, because the recipe had changed in the US but not in Europe. He took note of the way Steve looked at him when he wore a particularly fine suit. And Tony had gotten used to it. He'd learnt to appreciate the gestures and looks for what they represented, had attempted to show his love to Steve in the same way, and had tried to bury his yearning for actual, vocalised expressions of affection. He probably only felt like he needed them because he had been denied them so often as a child, blah, blah, psychologist's goldmine, blah.
'Hey,' he said.
Ugh. He had always been hopeless at poetry. The words he was trying to put to the feeling were too inadequate, too cheesy. It was much more simple than that. He knew, however irrational it was, and however unlikely it was to happen, that he wanted to be with this man, dancing, every second for the rest of his life. And that feeling might just break his heart.
They'd been there on many night outs since turning 21. It was one of the few places that openly welcomed people of all sexualities and genders, and had a truly zero tolerance policy against any kind of discrimination. Things were made easier too by a table full of a rainbow of wristbands just inside the door, with different colours to indicate whether you were looking and who you were looking for, along with black bands to indicate 'None of your business' and white ones for, according to the sign above the jar, 'Ask me like a socially well adjusted person'. That jar was always nearly full.
'Um,' Steve said intelligently to the place where he used to be. 'Okay?'
'Okay, so what are we looking at here?' Tony asked, squeezing Peter's shoulder in apology. 'Some sort of time loop?'
they were letting him.
Steve looked up just in time to see his husband's jeans hit the floor.
In the early hours of the morning following his little visitation, Tony woke up to found his grief had been somehow dulled. He was ready, he thought, to start taking the painful steps towards moving on. Steve would want that, so Tony would. Maybe he had skipped straight from denial to acceptance. But the hand in his hair had felt so real.
should know that it was a private moment between me and Peggy and damn well none of your business!'
He headed upstairs into the lounge, and nearly collided with a older-middle-aged man who appeared to be mopping the hard wood flooring near the door. Tony yelped and jumped back, straight into another wave of dizziness, and had to hold onto the handrail to stop himself tumbling back down the stairs. The man yelled too, grabbing his chest in shock.
'I didn't mean just now,' Steve said. He wanted to reach out and touch Barnaby's hand, but he chickened out at the last minute and rubbed the back of his neck instead. It was still burning where Barnaby's hand had been.
'Tony,' he groaned again. '
Steve managed to smile and the minute Barnaby was gone found himself adjusting his clothes self-consciously. He'd thrown an open shirt over the t-shirt to make himself look a bit smarter, with the added security of the high collar. He made sure it was standing up straight, patting down his hair at the back. The last thing he wanted was for Barnaby to spot the blemish.
'For real, Steve. I'm really proud of you.'
, and then there that dive, and the turns, and I saw the birds and went under the bridge and- and the pylon! And the bit where-'
when Tony turned up. He hastily swept it into his pocket and shot to his feet, trying not to look too guilty.
'Sweetheart,' Tony smirked, 'Have you seen yourself? How can I not?'
'I do not,' Steve huffed.
This may not be quite the ending you wanted, but I hope you will all enjoy it. Thanks for reading :D
Shortly before he had been injected with the Super Soldier serum, Doctor Erskine had taken him through what they thought it would mean for his body. That he could run faster, move more smoothly and had greater strength than anyone had thought possible became evident minutes after the experiment was over. But the other capabilities, that he would be able to go longer and function better without food, water, or sleep, had taken longer to establish.
So justified, Tony clicked the recording and there was Steve's voice; the audio quality crackling and popping, an uncanny reminder of just how far Steve had come. The recording kicked in at the end of a sentence, just as Steve said '-dead'.
The stranger erupted out from under the table, taking the seat opposite Steve without a hair out of place. Or, more accurately, his hair was all out of place but it suited him perfectly. Steve wanted to take him home and do terrible things to him. He'd never felt drawn to anyone like this before, a yearning like a physical ache in his stomach, worse than any ulcer. He felt nauseous. This was why Steve could never get a date.
'Right,' Tony agreed. 'No time like the present.'
So his goal was to win, and his assets were that he had powers and help was on the way. So all Peter had to do was hold Mr Halloween Mask off until Iron Man arrived. Cautiously, he opened one eye just the tiniest crack, peering out between his eyelids.
The cops were here, assembled at the side of the stage, looking like they weren't quite sure what to do. It was time to wrap up.
Unless that was just Tony, of course. They'd both had enough hurt and heartache over the years to make them wary, and Tony particularly never seemed to think he deserved love. Tony needed more reassurance than Steve had expected, honestly, and Steve knew he wasn't great at giving it, but he tried. At least when he couldn't find the words dragging Tony to the bedroom seemed to work just as well.
'That was May. July was my heart.'
, Steve realised faintly.
Rounding on Stone in disgust, Steve shook his head and said, 'Right. Well maybe a few nights in the cell with cool you off.'
'Sorry, beloved, no take backs,' Steve said, wrapping the coat carefully around Tony's shoulders. On the front, an ancient, faded blue ribbon was still pinned; so old now that nobody knew what it meant.
'Daaaa,' Peter insisted, and lent over to try and pull Tony over. 'Bu.' He patted Steve's knee again.
His dad glanced at the doctor, who said nothing, and then answered, 'Of course you can, Peter. Do it as many times as you want.'
Standing abruptly, Steve wrenched open the closet and hauled out a large canvas only just narrow enough to fit. His art school had given it to him for a project shortly before he had been forced to drop out. Another thing he had to thank his broken body for. With his free arm he swept the ring box off the dresser, along with his deoderant and comb, making room to prop up the canvas. Then, he started to paint.
It had been a long, long process. First Peter had had to be given over to the proper authorities, procedures had to be followed, they had to apply and interview and have visits and jump through hoop after hoop but finally, finally, about four weeks ago they had taken Peter home as their son. The ten month old had settled well into his new surroundings, was getting plenty of bonding time with both his parents, and now, at last, they had decided it would be okay for the other Avengers to meet him.
Peter was right. It was Steve's business, and he shouldn't listen to it. Except that they needed to know what they were dealing with, didn't they? And it really was everywhere. Sooner or later he'd hear it whether he wanted to or not.
The kid nodded. 'I heard... I heard my Uncle. His last moments. When he died.'
It was, of course, locked. Steve had been about to put a shoulder to it, but Stark had laughed again, the fingers of his suit stretching out long and impossibly thin, splitting into branch after branch, working their way into the crack around the frame. Then he pulled, and just like that it came away, no more difficult than taking the lid off a piece of tupperware. Stark threw the door into the grounds and crashed his way into the house.
Instead he saw Venom standing fairly calmly behind a breakfast bar, drinking whiskey from the bottle.
And now this. There was shelf after shelf of product, all sorts of brands, different coloured packaging, brazenly displayed. Steve had no idea what a tampon even looked like. Did they come in the squishy plastic packaging? Boxes? Were they bottled?
‘Oh,’ Steve said, turning the head on the hose to switch it off and to try and cover his confusion. ‘Well, you should have been more specific.’
Steve swallowed several times. 'Is... will he be in pain?'
, so quiet and desperate -
'I don't see why it's a problem, I have an asshole for a best friend already.'
Steve was sure he could almost recite it word-for-word at this point, but Peter never seemed to tire of watching it. As far as he was concerned,
the 1980s.'
‘The recipient and the self,’ Tony nodded his understanding. ‘And it’s pink roses for beauty, right?’
thinking about him?.'
kind of a dick.'
There was a knock on his door, and his mom poked her head in. 'Steve, I'm heading to work,' she said.
'Easy,' Steve said, getting up and coming to sit beside him. 'You okay?'
Steve stepped out of the foyer, having clearly been waiting by the door. He was wearing a pale blue buttoned shirt, khaki trousers, and a frown. Tony wound down the window.
' She jabbed a finger at Steve. 'Were stupid enough to listen to him! Honestly, Tony, this is beyond belief. Who did you
'Come on,' he said to Steve, who had been oddly silent throughout the whole procedure. Normally he was as bad as the kids, racing around with them and getting them overexcited. Today, he had barely done more than smile and say goodbye. 'I need to give Tim his bottle.'
Steve was there, lit by the light of the lamp near the crib, wearing the joggers and shirt he slept in, holding Peter to him and rubbing his back, trying to settle him. Tony stared.
might as well have been a century away, that his burning desire was to test the idea
5AM,' Barnaby laughed. 'We'd be perfect for a bed share. You know, where you sleep in shifts.'
He found Steve standing at the sink, washing up a chopping board. Tony shoved the orange under his nose.
'I didn't want it to be today,' Steve said, at last. 'You know, every night when we say our prayers-'
Steve set his jaw. 'I wasn't talking about us.'
And it was
'I've... this is incredible,' Steve said.
'Tell her, Rogers, and I'll put the recording on Youtube,' he threatened, trying to regain some ground.
'Tony!' Steve said. 'Are you saying this is
Not rising to the bait, Tony went forward and was all charm. Steve thought he recognised the man as a worker in one of the ranches a couple of miles out of town, far enough to try and travel with a near-lame horse. Far enough to carry a story and set tongues wagging, until the story little enough resembled its origin. Steve felt the bile rise in his throat at the thought. Hell's teeth, imagine if he had cradled Tony's face, touched his forehead,
'Flying cars?' Tony smirked. One of Steve's biggest disappointments on coming to the future, he knew, was that cars still didn't fly. At least, not everyone's did.
'How would you even know?' Steve demanded. Bucky had never needed a dating site in his life.
'I'm going to need it back,' Steve said. 'For when I get there for real.'
It was Barnaby's finger print. It was Barnaby.
'I hate you.'
He wasn't going to be able to do anything, however, in the dark. He thought of Tony's beautiful electric lights as he fumbled in his pocket for a match to light the lamp, and smiled bitterly. He struck the match against the rock wall before him, and the world erupted into flame, before being swallowed by a deep, crushing darkness.
'Sure.'
acting like a four year old. Get it together, Tony.'
'I know, I know. It just means that I love you more than you love me. It's not exactly news.'
'So you should be.'
The relief was immediate. She wasn't so dirty. Or at least, she could forget about it for a while.
He was too distressed to speak, unable to tell her what was wrong, though between his gasping sobs she gathered it concerned someone called
. How did people do this every day? He just wanted bubble tea, for goodness' sake. How many hours over the course of a lifetime did normal people spend just
Steve could feel the eyes boring into him, but didn't have the guts to turn round. He knew it was Stark watching him from the end of the hall, without quite knowing how he knew it. He carried on rummaging in his locker, trying to look busy.
'How have they even read it this fast?' Steve asked, sitting back down. He couldn't think. He hadn't expected anything this soon; he thought it would take days or weeks before he got any interest, if he had any at all. Sarah had gone into the inbox section of the site and was working through the messages.
‘Visiting,’ he said, coming inside. ‘Well, actually, I’m taking you out. Terrible security on this building, by the way. Anyone can just waltz in. Where’s Peter?’
So Steve wasn't exactly pleased about the fact Tony had been going through his trash. He seemed much more concerned about that than he did about the incriminating list, in fact, which did not reassure Tony at all about his priorities.
'No.'
'No way,' Steve groaned.
. Please. I'm worried about you.'
On his days off, it would usually be eight or nine am before Steve showed up in the common areas; but on days like this, when he was needed at Shield, he liked to have an excessive amount of time to get ready. Sure enough, at 6.35, just as Tony was nodding off in a chair, he appeared, hair wet from the shower, sticking up in spikes where he had combed it. He looked at Tony.
Apparently realising that there was no way Steve was about to climb into his lap, Stark seemed to lose interest, taking his glass from the table and knocking back the dregs of whatever was inside it instead.
'Yummy yummy yoghurt,' he half-sang, coaxingly. 'Actually it's kind of gross but you won't care so long as I keep singing it.'
And when they had danced together, it had just felt right. When Barnaby's hand left his neck, he had left it glowing. It had felt like fate was drawing them together, and when Steve had gotten home, he had painted like he had never painted before. His best work, the work that was going to be his ticket out of this marriage. The painting that was hanging right there in front of him at the end of the hall.
Peter's second birthday had been almost identical to the first. He had been in hospital, this time for the last of a string of planned operations to help open up his lungs and windpipe. That was the first day he had ever breathed completely unaided, but, again, he had mostly slept the day away, oblivious to Steve's fretting.
'You have a lot of kids,' Steve remarked as they went into the house and Bucky scooped Tim up from his crib, settling the squalling child against his shoulder.
'Sounds fun,' Tony said easily. 'I'll keep you company.'
Steve looked surprised. 'Did that really happen?'
– the book was torn out of Tony's hands. It wasn't unexpected. Tony was a genius, more than capable of calculating risk, and he had known before he had broken into his father's study that he would inevitably get caught, but he'd had to know. He'd needed to understand.
'Please,' Peter said desperately, because he knew he couldn't get down in time and he was going to get shocked. 'This monster came out of his flight suit and swallowed him up, and it wants to kill my dad. Mr Stark likes my dad. It's not him. We have to
'What about you?' Tony asked, just as Steve slowly struggled to his feet again. 'Any regrets, Clementine?'
Tony stared at him, the spoon suspended mid-air between them. 'What?'
Suddenly, the face plate snapped open and Peter jumped back into his pillows. Steve was practically between them before he knew what he was doing. Stark smirked at him.
Peter stirred the cereal. 'What if I do one big bite so it's like two little bites?'
Natasha did
Steve found there was a hard lump in his throat. 'Yeah,' he said, swallowing. 'I'm here.'
'Only if it's you doing the convincing,' Bucky said, getting a laugh in return as The Diva slipped the dark green
'Dale?'
'Captain Rogers. We have a date tomorrow, get me something good by then.'
'Right. And you'll destroy it?' He looked hopeful.
It turned out to be, as he pulled and the folds fell out, a pair of scarlet lace panties. Barely more than a thong. Obviously belonging to a woman.
But maybe it had been long enough. Dragging his eyes open, Peter peered towards the door. Any second now, his dad and Iron Man would come bursting in to rescue him. Any second now. Any second...
Oh yeah? And what would you have done?'
'Mr Stark's phone is detected.'
'Yes,
The grin returned to Steve's face, bursting out of him uncontrollably. 'Buck,' he said, 'You are not going to believe this.'
'No!' She'd had enough, and her bladder was actually
to do with periods was impossible and which was why she didn't have any tampons. She couldn't face going into a store and buying them. Jarvis could have ordered them, but even saying the word - even alluding to it - made her feel sick, made her feel like she would die. He had asked her if he should put them on the automatic ordering list, and she had explicitly said no - explicitly told him not to order them unless she said so - because the idea of
'What?' The Skrull said, and then Tony shot him in the face with a repulsor he must have had concealed up his sleeve. Tony ran over to him, and Steve opened his arms for an embrace – but Tony stopped short.
Less than 48 hours ago, news broke that Tony Stark had at last been retrieved alive from his captivity after going missing in January this year. In a statement released at the time, Obediah Stane, who had been filling in for Mr Stark, asked journalists to respect Mr Stark's privacy and his need to rest following his ordeal. It seems, however, that Mr Stark had other ideas.
He had taken too long to speak. Stark had gotten up, was pulling his clothes back on.
Everything hurt.
She sent him off down a small aisle of household goods to find one.
, it should have been
Barnaby beamed at him. 'My best friend's name is James too. I knew I trusted you! You can't go wrong with a James.' He pointed at the glass near Steve's elbow. 'You still going on that or can I buy my hero a drink?'
'Are you going to waste more by yelling?'
‘Stark, it isn’t up to you and Peter isn’t up to it. You need to go.’ Steve turned his back on him firmly, heading for Peter’s room.
'Peggy?' He whispered, his voice strained and confused. She reached out and stroked his back.
Steve clasped his hands in his lap and stared at them, as if he needed to see his interlocked fingers to remind himself how to hold things together.
Steve's mouth suddenly dried out. Peter was right. This couldn't just be a matter of killing a monster or saving civilians. Stark had saved his son, and now that thing had taken him over. They had to get him back. He nodded, but just as he did so the monster let out a terrible, keening scream. Whatever Shield had just hit it with had finally had an impact, but it wasn't enough. There was an electric-like crackle and several agents dropped, hit with, Steve suspected, the same 'sting' that had once been used on Peter. The monster barrelled through them, looking back at Steve still standing by the doors to the mansion.
'Okay,' Tony said, once they'd established Peter was alright. 'What is this about?'
It was like art, watching Steve work.
The words were so high pitched and so fast that Peter had never been able to work them out, no matter how many times they had the playlist on. He always sung along to it with dees and das, and it always made Steve laugh.
It had been a gas pocket, of course, and if Steve had been concentrating instead of having half his brain taken up with Tony and Angela, he would have figured out that lighting the match was a bad idea – and exactly what Pietro had done. Luckily for the kid, he had managed to avoid serious injury and after several hours had found a way out through an old air well, only to find his sister had already gone for help.
‘Okay, well, uh…’ Steve scanned the shop. The bouquet would have to have peonies and carnations, he knew, to mean
'Yeah, but I'm me.' Tony shrugged. Steve laughed.
'Thanks,' Steve said. He wasn't crying. He just felt numb.
'If we're going to do this I should go wash my hands,' he murmured, resting his head on top of Tony's own.
'Ha. Something like that.'
Little did he know, Tony had called his bluff and there was a skyscraper waiting to have
Tony. Shit.
'I gave him twenty-five thousand dollars to forget,' Howard said. 'To be paid to his mother in a year's time. We arranged it all; she'd be contacted by a solicitor to say a long-lost relative had died and she was inheriting the money. It's not a fortune, but to him it was obviously enough.' He shrugged his shoulders. 'You see, Tony? This is why I don't want you getting yourself into these messes. He didn't care about you, he was just attracted to your money. I guarantee if it had gone on another few weeks he would have been threatening to go to the press with your little secret unless you paid him off.'
Too late. Stark's arms were already gone from around his waist, and he was rolling across the roof of a nondescript building belonging to Norman Osborn.
'Well, thank you,' he said. 'For Peter and for tonight.'
‘What the hell are you playing at?! Peter is four years old! How dare you-‘
'When did you see the sculptures?' she asked, an odd look in her eye.
'No. I feel awful for even thinking it. If he doesn't have long, how can I waste a second
Peter grabbed his hands as Steve went to let go. 'But-'
And it was true. Two days after he had woken up, when Steve had been sure Tony was stable, Peter had come to see him. It had been amazing, wonderful, and unbearable. Peter had been so pleased to see him, so convinced Tony was still a hero, a hero who had saved his life, given him superpowers, fought off a monster. No-one had ever been as happy to see Tony as Peter had that day. He didn't understand what had really happened, what Tony had done. Just thinking about Peter's unconditional affection made it hard to stop Tony's resolution from crumbling. What was this going to do to the poor kid?
'I know, I know, I just-'
?' Stark groaned with apparent pleasure. 'I knew he would be military. And it's not even my birthday.'
Stark laughed. 'You realise I was filing patents for twenty years in my own name before I got hold of the company? I'm living off licenses, gorgeous, and until someone smarter than me comes along and replaces my stuff with something better...' he trailed off, shrugging. Clearly he did not think that was particularly likely.
'The foreseeable future,' Steve repeated thoughtfully. Somehow, in the time they had been sitting quietly together, they had turned so that Tony was now lying against his chest, and Steve had both arms around him, and seemed to have forgotten about the state of his hands because he was rubbing small circles on Tony's back; and despite the fact the bench was hard and uncomfortable, Tony had never felt better in his life. 'It's an odd phrase.'
Don't be stupid.' The Captain's voice grew softer as he added, 'I would like to still have you around after this.'
'Hey, sweetheart.'
every different version of myself possible, and... it was always you, Tony. I saw every single roll of the dice, and every single time it came up with you.'
'We'd better go in,' Steve said. 'See if we can work out what this is all about.'
present, was currently in Tony's hands and needed to be pushed away somewhere where Steve wouldn't find it. Tony knew the perfect place – the empty cupboard.
'Yeah,' Bucky said, 'Because if you lose your temper and tell him his money is dirty and washed in the blood of the proletariat we're going to be back to square one.'
'Are you leaving?' Tony asked, slightly crestfallen. Even if Pepper was right about Cap's sexuality, it looked like she was wrong about the rest.
'I know, I know. You couldn't do it. You have Peter to think of.'
'You're a good kid,' Tony said, ruffling his hair. For once, Peter didn't swat him away. 'Don't worry, okay? It'll be fine.'
We're nearly at the end! Thank you to everyone who has supported me and commented so far, it means the world. I'm determined to push through to the end; one more chapter after this and a decent-sized epilogue and we're there.
'With Tasha,' Steve said. 'We're the only ones here right now.'
! Brought you to me!'
. It was no wonder the kid was sick if he had grown up in a place like this. Tony felt ill just stopping there. He blared the horn.
Tony reminded himself and his companion.
text. Steve had assumed that, like him, Barnaby was dealing with whatever he had going on that had stopped him from kissing Steve that night, but what evidence did he actually have of that? Just that his blemish had lit up at Barnaby's touch? Barnaby didn't even
he called it – and his sleeves were rolled up, his tie loose. He looked relaxed and Steve loved it.  ‘I don’t know if I have a favourite, I only heard of most of these once I started hanging out here.’
'What's up, Pete?' Tony asked. 'You okay, buddy?'
'There,' she said. 'Flawless.'
Four dances. Far too many to be good etiquette. And when they finally separated, they both refused dances with anyone else; Angela going directly in search of her brother and Tony coming back to Steve.
'You got left with a dying kid. Hell, that's tough.'
? Tony briefly bounced up and down impatiently on the balls of his feet, but stopped when his aching muscles protested. He wished he could take the hoodie off, but he didn't want to risk it. He really couldn't deal with people right now. It was cooler in here, but his head was still spinning. He was starting to wish he had gone to bed first instead. He wondered if Ron would have changed the sheets for him, then wondered how he had never bothered to wonder how he had fresh sheets every two days.
. The pain of the night before didn't seem to have bothered him at all, and now he was doing things he could never have done, even on the best of his good days. Steve had wanted to cry, and only Peter's concern had stopped him breaking down completely.
'I'm fine, thanks,' Steve said, because that was the answer that would get people to leave him alone and let him get on with his life. The last of the fever had broken over a week ago, but it had left him feeling listless and empty, removed from everything. It was as if during the months he had lain unconscious, his life had been dipped in oil, and now everything just rolled off him without leaving a mark. He felt bereft, disconnected, and odd; but sitting around at home or in the hospital wasn't going to fix that. He had been sick, alternately delirious or unconscious, for the best part of three months; and the three or four months before that were a hazy blur in his memory, not quite clear. The loss of half a year was enough to screw anyone up, he figured. Either the feeling would pass with time or it wouldn't, but either way he had made up his mind to get on with it.
They were going to call the baby Peter as planned, but his middle name was going to be Steven.
Annoyed, Steve turned his face away. Stark ran his thumb down his cheek, and let go. Steve could feel the blood racing where he had touched. He desperately wanted to say something, something specific, but couldn't identify what it was.
'Yep, Ty's one of a kind,' a voice replied wryly, and Steve sat bolt upright. It wasn't Bucky out here helping him, it was Barnaby. And Steve had just explosively emptied his guts in front of him. 'Here,' Barnaby said, offering him a bottle of water. Steve took it automatically, washing his hands and face with a little of it before rinsing his mouth out with the rest. At least his nose had already stopped bleeding.
'It's my birthday!'
Right at the top, he found the messages telling Peter that Steve would be angry if he found out, and would take the phone, and that this was their secret and he mustn’t tell anyone, making him promise not to tell. Steve gripped the phone so hard it almost snapped in two. He was tempted to do it, he was angry enough. But Peter was looking at him with large, anxious eyes, his breath catching noisily, which was as good as his breathing ever was these days. Steve forced his face back into a neutral expression.
That got his attention. He looked up from where he was putting things into the fridge, worry in his eyes. She hadn't had an appointment for over a year. She continued quickly.
'You still remember all this, huh?' Tony asked. 'Your Sunday School teacher would be proud.'
'You don't tell me what to do, Steve Rogers. At least not today. I can wire you the money right now.'
He was beaming, so excited he was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet, not tired from the dancing at all. 'It's a done deal,' he announced. 'She's going to marry me!'
‘No!’ Steve said, though he was flushing. His traitorous skin felt like it was on fire.
'Are you sure about this?'
'That's not how it works, sweetheart.'
There was no particular reason. He didn't even realise he was doing it until Mary pulled him into her arms, and he didn't know why he was crying, and he couldn't articulate it, why those buildings had set him off, but it was just one more thing that was gone, one more thing he had missed, and he hadn't even seen the street change the first time, and how much more had already been and gone while he was asleep? It wasn't just that Bucky was dead, and Peggy was dying, though those facts hurt like hell. Everyone he knew, everyone he had been at school with, everyone he had lived with, worked with, every guy who had ever beaten him up in a back alley, everyone he had ever walked past in the street was dead, or nearly. He was more alone than he had ever been before, and they were knocking down buildings he had never even seen. He'd cried like a child, detached from his own shame, with no understanding of his own distress. Afterwards, they'd ignored his embarrassment, told him it was the most natural thing he had done since he had woken up. Mary went to bed, and Steve slept on their couch. Richard stayed up for hours, listening, and Steve had talked and talked until his throat was hoarse about Peggy, everything he'd hoped they'd had and how little they'd actually enjoyed, about Bucky, how losing him had been like losing an arm, but worse; about dying to end a war and waking up to find it over, but not in the way you hoped, and not with the result of long-lasting peace. He talked about everything, really, and Richard listened to it all and stayed until Steve finally fell asleep.
Around noon, he was standing in the kitchen making toast for their lunch, when Peter sidled in, hovering nervously in the doorway.
. What Venom did wasn't your fault. You don't have to do this.'
‘Ah, see, no can do,’ Stark said. ‘You see, Captain, I’ve decided I want you. I’m going to have you, and what’s more, you’re going to enjoy it. You’re going to beg for it.
With that, Steve kicked hard with both his feet at the window, which shattered immediately, and in one smooth movement Steve had rolled out of it and disappeared back inside the building. Tony watched him go.
'Best thing that ever happened to me,' Tony said, because he couldn't brush off the compliment with a joke. Not about this.
his painting wasn't worth that, at least if he went through with the stupid marriage he was selling himself for the money, it was closer to a true exchange – but this would pay their debt off in a single go. If they were careful, saving as much of it as they could, he could probably cover his medical bills for the rest of his life and still have enough over for rent. Not to mention he could see Barnaby again; help him with whatever he was stuck with, make things change. Steve valued his pride pretty highly, but if it could take being a dime bride it could take this. He could accept help, accept charity, if it gave him the slightest chance with his soulmate, if it gave him back the slightest glimmer of hope; so he nodded. 'Okay. Yes. Yeah. Let's do that. Let's pull out and sell the ring.'
'Please can I open the bag now?' Peter begged. Steve pulled himself together. All he could do was live in the present, and enjoy each moment as it came.
'Where are you going?' Steve had asked. He'd meant it to sound plaintive, but the whine had come out more like a growl. Stark had stared at him, frozen.
Not only had Mr Stark cured him, he had given him
He put the apparently white roses into the correct bucket, and stared at the others. The reds were deeply saturated and easy to spot, but there was so little difference between pink and white. He squinted at them desperately, wishing he had never mentioned colours at all.
'For now.'
Steve's pencil went through the napkin and skidded along the table top. It was starting to feel like the world was closing in. And wasn't Steve being selfish? He'd had grand plans to use Stark's billions where they were most needed, but as soon as he'd been offered a way for him and his loved ones to be okay, he had forgotten all about them. Damn. He was a monster.
'Okay, I'm lucid. What happened? Tell me all of it.'
Tony shook his head. 'Someone will, and I don't need the hassle today Steve, I really don't.'
His third birthday had been the only one he had spent outside of hospital and Peter had really, really wanted to go to the zoo. The doctors had warned against it – there had been no telling what the hair and fur and smells of a zoo, not to mention being outside for so long, would do to Peter's respiratory system – and Steve had resolved not to go. But when he had woken up, seen the sun shining, seen Peter open his presents like any other child, his resolve had broken. They had gone to the zoo. They'd had a good time, too, even if it had ended in Peter getting too excited, being unable to catch his breath, needing an ambulance, and Steve getting inspected by child services. Still, it had been all Peter had talked about for weeks afterwards. He had told the social worker, at length, about the marsupials, mammals and reptiles even though she had not asked, and showed her his elephant hat. The social worker had told Steve to listen to the doctors in future and left them alone.
Stark Industries share prices have already fallen more than forty points, losing more ground on an hourly basis as news of the shake-up spreads. If Mr Stark follows through with his intention to disband the company entirely it will be at the cost of thousands of jobs nationally and almost 100,000 worldwide; the worse job losses since the financial crash of 2008.
'I wouldn't mind a beer,' Steve ventured. Bucky would kill him, but one wouldn't hurt.
The lights were like nothing Steve had ever seen. For one thing, there were so many of them; all of them brighter than any light he'd ever seen, but it was warm and soft like candlelight, and it shone yellow, pink, silver, orange, reflecting around the scene and making it seem as if the whole place was covered with a layer of fairy dust.
They looked good together. Right. Natural. Well-suited. And Tony was still looking at her like she was an oasis in the desert, like his every dream had just come true. Like he had just fallen in love.
Stark's friend.'
And yet, if your date saw you had a mark and it didn't respond to them, it seemed to pour cold water over the whole thing. Not to mention the persistent stereotype that those with blemishes were weaker, more passive, the submissive half of a relationship; seen as less capable in school and the work place, regardless of any actual evidence, more likely to be passed over for jobs and promotions. It made Steve even angrier, especially as he was small and sickly and weak and, apparently, no matter what choices he made, destined to become tied to someone who would pity and pet him. Marry him to make them feel good about themselves. It made him feel sick with shame.
. When he was a kid and burning up with fever, he used to touch his fingers to it, believing it would somehow cool the rest of him down. The only reason it would be warm would be -
'Well, I don't think that's up to you.' In a flash, Stark had ducked round him and stepped round in front of the pushchair, face-to-face with Peter. 'We're friends, right, P– Crap, Cap, the kid!'
'I did it! I did a forward roll!'
Later, the door opened. Then the curtains opened. Tony moaned in protest. The sun being let in meant time would move again.
'Better give them some before they have it out your hand. Not too many, mind.'
Steve had just readied his shield, prepared to take the man down, but Tony got there first. From the middle of his flight suit, a thin, whip-like tentacle suddenly shot out, moving so fast it crackled like electricity, and with one quick jerk snapped the man's neck. Steve looked down at the body. There was nothing he could do.
'Boyfriend
Tony did not. He held on tighter. 'Then whose are they, Steve?'
'Would it help you?' Steve asked, quietly. Beneath his hand, Natasha felt herself go stiff. This was the moment, she knew. This conversation was hard, it was so hard, but if she missed this chance – she nodded.
There was nothing else for it. Steve picked up exactly the same box as the man had, then raced round to the chocolate aisle. Natasha didn't really eat much chocolate, but maybe there was some medical element to it that he didn't know about. Maybe she needed it. She had been so upset. If the man was to be believed, it wouldn't be anything like a romantic gesture. It would be more like first aid.
just to get to Steve, he'd planned to kill Steve, to do unspeakable things to him.
It was still hard, sometimes, to stop the anger from flaring up. But by thinking of Bucky and the Winter Soldier separately, by transferring the blame and rage he felt onto Hydra, by reminding himself that Bucky was also a victim, Tony had managed. He had poured as much as he could into Bucky's recovery, paying for doctors and counselling, designing a better prosthetic arm, getting Bucky whatever was needed to restore him to some part of what he had been before.
'Hey,' Stark said, stepping into the room. 'You must be Peter.'
'I thought you'd left,' Stark said. 'I thought – I didn't see you for months.'
'I... I can't. My father-'
'I'm sorry, Tony,' he said. 'It was only meant to be a short mission, but when the base blew up and I got separated from Tasha I-'
, he thought, sulkily. He was so hot by then that he thought he might actually die. Luckily, the bubble tea shop came into view just as he dragged himself round the next corner. For a second he was worried it was a mirage, brought on by heat exhaustion and dehydration, but no, the door was solid as he lent against it and stumbled through.
'Oh, no thanks, Mrs R. I just came by to drop these off, my ma said I can't take no for an answer. It's just some bread, milk, eggs.'
'Can't afford pride any more. It's touch and go with the morals.'
He was in their lounge, standing by the crowded mantlepiece, looking at the photographs displayed there. There was their wedding photo and Bucky's, a picture of Steve's Commandos team, an old portrait of Steve's father in his uniform in a shared frame with a very similar one of Peggy's brother, photographs of their families, of memories, of special days and events, of VE day, VJ day, and all the rest. Steve always looked at them when he needed to be cheered up, but it obviously hasn't worked this time. He glanced at her with eyes that were blood red and sore, puffed up with crying, then looked down at the floor, saying nothing.
'Yeah, for... pneumonia was it?'
'No, sir. Not five more years. When I was born, the doctors told my mother I wouldn't live past five years old.'
The Tonys said to the Steves.
'Daddy, what are you doing? Who's that?'
His lawyer came back into the room. 'The judge is ready to deliver his sentence,' she said. 'Come on, let's hear it.'
The press conferences and interviews that followed always asked her about how 'traumatic' it had been, how she had coped, danced around the 'were-you-raped' question with varying levels of finesse, but the truth was the kidnapping and the cave and the danger, even the murder of poor Yinsen, were not as hard to cope with as the periods. She couldn't tell the press about it. She couldn't tell her therapist or her doctor. She couldn't even
She hoped she hadn't just made a big mistake.
Steve clenched the phone tighter. ‘This is Steve.’
, was doing snooping at ladies' private things. Even if he might be recognised and have to deal with 'Captain America: Pervert' being in all the papers. Natasha needed those tampons.
'You're burning up again,' Sarah said. 'The painting is beautiful, but you really need to take better care of yourself. You can't stay out all night.'
'Maybe next time. Have fun, boys.'
(It had
'None of that is true, Thor,' Steve said quickly. 'Except that, yes, I was born on the fourth. Not that anyone cares except Tony.'
'Time enough for that later. Let's find you some coffee.'
‘This won’t take long.’ And just like that, she showed herself into the lounge. Peter looked at her in alarm. ‘Hi,’ Romanov said.
, a sleek black car arrived to pick them up and they were taken to the most ridiculously ornate house that Steve had ever been to, far too big for one bitter old man to rattle around alone in, but he didn't care. It didn't matter how thick the carpets were or how comfortable the couch was to sit on, or how Howard was glaring at them as his mom tried to make small talk, as if the whole thing had been their fault. He just wanted to see Tony.
Since the death of the Parkers, Natasha Romanov had become Shield's unofficial
where the wealthy party can demonstrate their charitable nature, and that their wealth is so substantial that a lucrative match is not needed; whilst the poorer party is able to access financial security and a more affluent lifestyle. It is often referred to as a 'Dime Marriage', a slang term pointing to the small amount of money the poorer party brings into the marriage.
'There,' she smiled. 'All set. I hope she feels better soon.'
'How do you know he's a bastard?'
He only realised his mistake when Tony didn't say anything, turning away too quickly when Steve turned to look at him. It didn't take too much thought to connect the dots. Tony did think you only got one throw of the dice. Tony thought he, Steve, was that one.
to go on living together, especially when their wives are also such good
Peter watched him go. He was scared now, and his eyes were wet even though he didn't want them to be, because this was worse than when he had woken up in Mr Osborn's house and worse even then when he had thought he was going to die. Because now he was worried Mr Stark was going to die, or that
They didn't refrigerate the large bottles, so Steve had bought him the small ones.
'Christmas,' Bucky said. 'The Blue Diamond.'
Peter scowled at the door, blowing on his hands to try and cool them down. Mr Stark had told him Jarvis was just a computer who did what it was programmed and didn't have any personality, but Peter still didn't like him. There had to be another way in.
'Mr Stark, that was amazing! It was like
'Sorry,' Steve said, because he knew this him didn't want to worry her. 'Just a dream, I'm okay now.'
It was hot. Way too hot. He was going to faint. Was that why he couldn't remember? He was going to die.
'Sorry,' the stranger said. 'I've never been here before and I know he hasn't either. I thought he'd been following me and we were about to end up in crazy town.'
'Nice to meet you,' Steve had said, not meaning it. They'd shaken hands, which he had appreciated, it had made the meeting feel more normal. Still, he had sat stiffly on the edge of the couch, wondering if Richard was about to start making notes on his grip shaking hands or his choice of seat. Richard didn't.
'No, no, Steve, please. I just got you back, let's not ruin it by fighting. I know, okay?'
It was true Steve's injured arm and hand didn't work as well as it used to. Sometimes it was stiff and gave him a little pain; and anything involving fine motor skills was a challenge. His penmanship had gone straight to hell, and now he had to scrawl out block capitals with his left hand, forming all the letters in a backwards fashion, just to make it legible. The surgeon thought the infection had gotten into his bones, too, because it was liable to flare up again from time to time, leaving him weak and shaking for a day or two.
'Stark? Are you okay?'
'Oh. Sorry.'
'Peter, you know you can't-' Steve swallowed the admonishment, suddenly realising he was about to tell a four year old he wasn't allowed to
'Yeah, better now, thanks,' Steve said. Stark was staring at him in a way that was making him distinctly uncomfortable, so he said, 'Well, I'd better get to class.'
Tony didn't notice him at first, absorbed in his work. He'd abandoned his shirt entirely now, wearing only his vest, the muscles in his shoulders rippling as he hammered away at the red hot metal in front of him. The sight of him like that made Steve's breath hitch, but he shook himself sternly and pulled his shoulders back, arms folded, waiting to have his attention.
'Alright,' Sarah smiled. 'I'll call him.'
Steve nodded, then shook his head. 'No, wait. If I'm taking that much money off him, the least I can do is look him in the eye and thank him myself.'
, in here all alone.' His voice had turned to an exaggerated, childish tone, and he reached forward to ruffle Tony's hair. Tony threw it away as hard as he could, which was admittedly not very hard, and sized up the cronies instead.
'You do that,' Steve agreed. 'And while we're waiting, I'll find us a closet.'
in it. In some countries on the other side of the world, it still was. 'We're not breaking any laws, Sheriff,' Tony would say, every time Steve reluctantly shifted away from his too-far-out-of-the-ordinary caresses.
'Really? The other day he killed someone just for playing music while he was on a date with your godfather.'
But then he realised. Peter was breathing now, his chest heaving.
There, hidden in the vents, was a mass of wires and motherboards, covered in pulsing fibre optic cables.
On the morning of the third day, Tony was in the communal kitchen, feeding Peter some breakfast.
Steve flushed. 'It wasn't like that. It didn't come across that way back then.'
'Knew you'd come,' he mumbled, then looked up at the person carrying him. He looked tired, and confused.
Tony blinked at that, but Steve was determined and climbed up into the back of the sleigh, settling down next to Tony under the blankets, pulling the other man close. Once they were settled,the driver set off again, through the light snow that barely touched them in their cocoon of blankets, through the dark, beneath the twinkle of the fairy lights, the only sounds the clopping of the horses' hooves, their panting breath, and the jingle of the bells on their harness. Next to him, Steve felt Tony finally relax and melt into his grip.
'We used to go the Blue Diamond Christmas party every year. Everyone did. And once we were teenagers, Bucky used to chat up the girls and sometimes I'd have a go, but... 1938 was the year Bucky found me in a closet with someone.'
Then again, if it wasn't for drink, they would probably have never been much more than nodding acquaintances. Night after night Steve had been called out to some watering hole or other to deal with Tony's shenanigans; everything from being unable to pay his tab (usually because he had forgotten his wallet, not from any actual lack of funds) to singing, gambling, public nudity, even an attempt at brawling despite the fact he was hardly sober enough to stand.
'Not yet,' Steve muttered. Peggy didn't have the heart to ask what on Earth he meant. Steve took a few more deep, juddering breaths, wiped his eyes with his hands, and got up.
Proving – At this stage, a goodwill exchange is made to prove the wealth of the richer family and the merits of the poorer family. Traditionally this takes the form of the wealthy family sending an extravagant gift to the poorer marriage candidate, who sends a hand-made gift in return demonstrating their particular skill. If the gifts are accepted on each side it is generally considered to be the beginning of a formal agreement, where it is no longer acceptable for either family to court other offers until the process is concluded in either a
'Yeah, just remember the deal, gorgeous.' The armour was peeling away from him now, neatly coming away like the shell off a nut, and then reconfiguring, folding down, turning itself into what looked like a briefcase. Stark emerged, wearing nothing but a skin tight undersuit, something like a leotard. The thing in his chest – Steve could not remember what it was called – glowed brightly through a hole in the suit, though it had been cut roughly, leaving tentacle-like pieces of rubbery material clawing over it. Stark sauntered casually over to the locker and pulled out an expensive-looking suit, pulling it on over the under-armour. Steve could not for the life of him work out when Stark could have had it put there, but decided not to ask.
'Really?!'
It was too late anyway. Tony was already getting up, using Steve's knee for balance. Even through the linen of his trousers, Steve could feel the callouses on Tony's blacksmith hands, the hands that made such miraculous things. This time, however, he was more concerned with the stumble itself. It was an unfortunate fact that Tony was a drunk. He was at least trying to fight the demon now, had signed the temperance pledge and started wearing the ribbon months ago, but once something had claws in you that deep, it was a hard thing to shake free.
. She squirmed, trying to disguise it as an elegant motion and not succeeding.
Avenue. Number 212.'
that, and even if he did, Steve didn't know how he would react. Until Barnaby, the idea of having a one and only true love, forced together by fate, had made his stomach shrivel up in horror. What if Barnaby felt like that too? Maybe he would see the blemish and run a mile. Maybe he already had. Not a single text.
But Tony did not want to just throw himself on the mercy of Captain America like some lost little kid. This would take some finesse and cunning.
And the memories hit Steve like a landslide. The night he had first arrested Stark for his drinking, and they had sat up and talked and talked until the blacksmith was sober and Steve half in love already, and they'd gone to bed, and when it was over and Steve had rolled away, sated, and Stark had gotten up straight away, reaching for his clothes, and Steve had felt the smile melting from his face.
'It's in a storage unit back there. I can show you.'
'I'm here,' Steve said. 'You've got what you wanted. So how about you drop Stark and we get this sorted out?'
She smiled. It made him melt. He, this Steve, would marry her all over again for that smile. 'Okay then,' she said. 'Lay down.'
Steve felt his frown dig a little deeper into his face. You didn't bring moms into it. 'Yeah, she did. She's the reason I'm doing this, she's done enough for me. At first she wasn't sure about it, but it's what I want so she agreed.'
Survivable or not, none of it was very pleasant. If he could afford to do it, he would have eaten six meals a day and slept for ten hours a night. And this hospital stay, with Peter, was really messing with him.
'Uh, I'm not actually- I'm not his Dad.'
'No, it's just that the window looks like it's reinforced. Bullet proof glass?'
He stood up, pulling the throw off Steve decisively and ignoring his whine of protest. 'Now come on, it's time to go. It's your Christmas present.'
'That's right.'
. But maybe you need to leave now. Go cool off.'
'Simulation of flying in the suit,' Stark said. 'I was going to take him out for a spin for real but I didn't think his lungs would hold up.'
'Stark. I need to know what – who – I'm working with. For Peter.'
a kiss. I don't make the rules.'
The next day, Steve was in the store watering the plants and trying not to think about lily guy, and whether he would come back, and who the funeral was for, when lily guy himself burst in, just as suddenly and dramatically as before.
'No, no more than usual anyway. Honestly I don't have much for you. It's a new material that could be made into some dangerous stuff. I don't know who made it or where, though I have a few suspects. One of -'
has just taken to the streets with a vigilante and murderer, I'd say your impression was wrong!'
Steve took a deep breath and stepped onto the stage, knowing that –
want to do more rolls, but it could wait. Hugs were nice too.
and Steve had never felt more strongly in favour of it. He went back to massaging his right leg, which was aching way more than usual. Or maybe he was just noticing it more because he was already in a bad mood.
, he kept reminding himself,
The door to the coffee shop chimed and Steve swivelled his neck to look at it, but it wasn't Tony Stark. Not that Steve really knew what he looked like in real life; his mom had tried to describe him but
Steve’s hands were shaking with anger. He couldn’t speak.
Tony blinked at that. 'Well, so much for Mr Honesty. Well, look, I know now. Maybe... maybe we can fix this.'
And Steve hadn't been sure what injecting Peter with more drugs would make happen, was worried it would react badly, and so had gone to sit by his side and stroke his hair. It didn't get any better.
.’ He looked up at Steve. ‘Is there one for
Steve nodded, wishing she would come to the point. He had worked with Romanov once or twice. She was efficient and effective in the field, and he trusted her to do what needed to be done. But they weren’t friends, and just then he wasn’t interested in small talk.
Peter obediently bit into his lunch. Steve watched him for a minute before he realised that he had been with Peter for the whole duration of Stark’s short visit and this subject had never come up.
Now Tony just looked confused. 'What? But...'
It was a fruitless effort, of course. Nobody loved a party like Tony Stark, even if he was determined to go through it sober. Steve had rarely felt prouder than he did when Tony pinned that blue ribbon to the lapel of his best navy-coloured jacket, the frayed edges a public testament to his determination that meant he'd be judged even more harshly if he made the slightest slip tonight.
'Right. Sorry. You were saying?'
'What the hell is that?' he demanded. This year's theme was a kind of Scandinavian-esque winter wonderland, with pine everywhere and intricately knitted blankets, rugs and throws. Every door frame, alcove and banister in the place was festooned with garlands of evergreen leaves, glittering slightly or with LEDs tucked discreetly into them here and there to twinkle. Some had golden berries, some had a sprinkling of fake snow, some even had pine cones. What none of them had, what none of them would ever have, was
'I'm sorry,' he blurted. 'I didn't realise- I didn't mean- I didn't think anyone would go looking for you in there.'
'Uh, I
‘Is she your girlfriend?’
, where probing questions will be asked. The aim is generally to establish whether the marriage candidate's personality is compatible with the potential partner's and with the family as a whole.
It was moments like this Steve liked the most, the moments where Peter was just like any other four year old, excited about his birthday and wolfing down the cereal one of the nurses brought him so he could get to his presents faster. True, they were in a hospital, and yes, Peter did have a coughing fit and need his inhaler after going the few feet from his bed to his locker and back again, but he was still four, and it was his birthday, and there were presents, and that was apparently all he needed for the world to be right.
Except he could hear them. He could hear them, echoing over and over from Tonys who stood a full foot shorter than him, who were old, young, Latino, students, baristas, mutants – endless versions. And, Steve knew, he had said and thought those words countless times himself, old and young, in English, in German, in Swahili, in space, in ancient Greece, in kitchens and coffee houses and high schools and prisons. It was like they kept missing each other. Like they couldn't get it right.
'Fine, I guess I promised to be good.' He paused emphatically. 'As long as you want me to be, anyway.'
This Tony, he knew, had died suddenly from a brain tumour. This Tony had never been his.
'You are not authorised to enter,' the voice repeated in exactly the same tone as before. 'Please step away before further action is taken.'
Steve stared at him, appalled. True enough, Tony broke his blue ribbon on the regular, but he always went right back the next day and tried again, over and over, no matter how exhausting it was. Steve had never understood, before, exactly what made it so hard to keep the pledge. Guilt and horror was burning through him like quicklime, chewing a hole through his stomach, turning his bones to lead. 'Tony, I-'
‘Well, hello there, dandelion,’ he murmured, his hand coming up to rest against Steve’s chest. Even through his shirt, the touch burned. Steve wanted to lift his arms to touch Tony back, but they weren’t working. The scent of flowers was overwhelming, suddenly, and he couldn’t breathe. His heart was beating erratically. His vision was blurring, going dark. He tried to say – to say – something, anyway, but all that came out was a slurred mess.
. He was, he said, a self-aware caffeine addict with a terrible sleep routine.
At six thirty am the next day, he was in the kitchen. He hadn't slept, but it was worth it. He wanted to catch Steve as soon as possible, because this was good. Really, really good.
'Hmm?' Sarah looked over his shoulder. 'Oh.'
penis; hmm, this one is polite, seems quite nice actually, likes dogs, long walks, art – but wants to know if you'll agree to a sex change. Right.' She stopped clicking through the messages, which were building up and up second by second. 'Is anyone else starting to think this really is a bad idea?'
'That's not true,' Peter said, but he wasn't sure. Mr Stark really didn't like music.
. Whatever. It didn't matter. All that mattered was they were going to be together.
'Well, he can keep wanting,' Steve snapped. 'I just endured half an hour of his dad lecturing me on his
'You did not say there would be dancing,' Angela said to Thor, scowling, but Thor simply laughed at her and ushered the two of them out onto the floor. Tony took Angela's hand and her waist and off they went.
Tony thought this was a tad unnecessary. He couldn't seem to smell anything at that moment –
'Here, let me,' Jan said. They had been a thing, here, but it hadn't been right. In the end, she had picked an abuser over him. Maybe that was just how it was. Maybe Hank was her Tony. She did the cufflinks for him.
‘You tell me.’ Agent Romanov replied, pushing inside. ‘We’ve been trying to reach you, Captain.’
Once the ceremony was over, Tony raced straight over to him, throwing his arms round him and peppering kisses all over his face and neck. Once upon a time, Steve might have thought he was drunk. Tony's drinking had nearly stopped the wedding, and had nearly led to a divorce more than once; but he was fifteen months sober and Steve had never been prouder. Or more embarrassed, as Tony took some of the streamers from the party poppers and began to decorate Steve with them.
'It was invented in Taiwan in the 1980s.'
. Especially not an orange that had stuff sticking out of it on cocktail sticks with a candle in the top. It looked like the 1950s idea of a space ship. Tony wrinkled his nose at it, picking it up and waving it to the room at large. 'Look, I'm trying to keep this place classy,' he said. 'You guys mind leaving your weird ass snacks somewhere else?'
'I never get to tutor anyone,' Clint sighed, but there was laughter in his eyes.
At the time, the thought had been terrifying and he'd avoided Steve for almost a week before finally confessing how he felt. Now, as he fastened his own cufflinks for dinner, Tony couldn't help smiling at the memory. What a difference a few years could make. Back then, the idea of loving someone that much had filled him with cold dread; now, it was nothing but comforting warmth. Back then he had been so convinced something would go wrong, that he would screw up, that he couldn't be this lucky, but he hadn't thought anything like that for a long time now. It was kind of hard to be insecure when someone like Steve Rogers loved you. Mostly, anyway.
That last afternoon was a memory that Tony would cling to, later, though it pained him like he was looking directly at the sun. Because it was only a few short hours later that their party was interrupted by Natasha telling Steve they had a mission, that they had to go, that the
'We were thinking,' Tony said, 'That he was a spy.'
Damn, it was
(TIAs were not caused by touch, however attracted to someone you were.)
'It was a big day yesterday.'
'Over a million dollars, apparently. He even gave me a card for some places we could sell it.'
'Sheriff!' The first he was aware of Miss Maximoff was when she grabbed his arm. 'Please, I need your help, it's Pietro.'
'I wish I had some sugar lumps for you,' Steve said, regretfully, suspecting the real reason behind their warm greeting. The driver laughed, but Tony said, 'Check your pockets.'
'Peter, I rescued you.' Mr Osborn leaned forward in his chair. 'Listen, I have a son about your age. Harry. I love him so much. But sometimes, he doesn't think I know what's best, and we fight. And when that happens, it doesn't look like I love him, but I do.'
Steve wondered.
It was, then, perhaps a blessing that Thor chose that moment rather than a few seconds later to enter, shoving a stumbling man in ahead of him. It just didn't feel much like one as Tony quickly withdrew his hand and leaned back in his chair. Steve got up, going to open the cell ready. The young man, he realised, was one of the newspaper men,Tiberius Stone. Tony was already cackling with delight. He had never liked Stone, not since the journalist had written a very unflattering and almost inflammatory expose of Tony's father instead of an obituary. Stone glared at him.
'Too late, we're here. That's the roof. Ready?'
‘Okay, can I borrow this real quick? You can have it back after.’ Peter nodded. ‘Good boy. Finish your toast.’ Steve flipped the TV onto a random kids’ channel and made his way into the kitchen.
'Where are you going?' Steve asked him.
to do with periods
That didn’t help, at all. Every drop of blood in Steve’s anaemic body seemed to be rushing to his face and neck.
But it was fine. It was fine. Steve was just on a mission.
on the spine catching the light before the heavy iron door slammed shut on it. 'Do you really feel any better for it, Tony? I was trying to protect you. He wanted to forget you.'
Steve wasn’t pleased to see her. It was never good news when Shield came knocking.
But Happy or no Happy, Tony needed bubble tea as a matter of urgency, and the shop was only a block or two away. His aching muscles would probably benefit from moving a bit further than the confines of the lab, too. And so Tony made what was, for him, a fairly radical decision and decided to walk.
'Just shut up and enjoy the view, Cap,' Tony said, letting his head drop onto Steve's shoulder. Steve shuffled behind him.
Tony pouted. 'Well, maybe if you'd come back on time you wouldn't be so exhausted, Mr
'Dr Moore,' Steve turned at the familiar voice. Dr Moore had been the lead on Peter's case ever since he was born, and had been a firm favourite of Peter's ever since she had shown him the footage from a camera they had put down his throat. She was a calm, capable woman, and was easy to trust. Steve never doubted her. But it was never good when she asked you if you had a minute, if you could come into the office, which is what she did then.
Tony opened his mouth to ask for details, to remind Bucky that this wasn't the cryptic crossword, but before he could Steve suddenly jerked to his feet, grabbing the now-empty glasses and muttering something about washing up before dashing to the kitchen. Tony stared after him, unsure of what was happening.
'You have your priorities, I have mine.'
'Natasha?' It was Steve, sounding awkward, knocking softly on the door.
'You think this is irresponsible? This morning I found out I'd had a housekeeper for the last four years I never knew existed.' Tony spoke casually, but honestly, he wanted to talk to someone about this. The encounter with Ron had freaked him out more than he was willing to admit.
Steve blinked comically. 'What?'
Steve didn't answer right away. He couldn't. He was growing dizzy again, black prickling at the edge of his eyes, and he really didn't want to faint in front of Stark. He needed to shut this conversation down and go find somewhere to sit.
Today's chapter is slightly nsfw-ish, and not that festive, but I hope you enjoy it.
'I... look, I can't honestly say I'm there yet. I wish I was, after everything I
'Is that the best you got?' He laughed. 'Toys!' And one of the tentacles smashed through the ranks, sweeping them aside like a car crashing through a wheat field. He dropped the first two agents he had grabbed. They were both dead.
Steve appeared in the midst of all this, standing by the fence and watching what was going on, waiting to be noticed. He looked like shit.
And yet, his father was just looking at him with something like pity in his eyes. 'You know it doesn't work unless the person being bound is willing,' he said, heavily. 'But you're not wrong. The truth is, I paid him to do it.'
The whole thing had been so laughably simple, a ripped-off version of something Stark Industries had put out shortly before Tony had shut it all down. It was so easy to get through that he almost expected it to be a trap, but besides half a dozen guards that were quickly stopped by a blast from a repulsor beam and a few locked and hidden doors, Tony barely encountered any resistance. He was in and out before a single alarm went off.
'Lay him out,' he said to Stark. 'Lay him out on the ground, now!'
Apparently not. Tony caught the look. 'Oh, fuck you,' he said, and left.
'I haven't heard anything, but we haven't spoken to him for a while,' Sam said. 'Why?'
The real problem had been arranging a place to live. The quarters on the Shield base were really only meant for short-term relief, a place to crash for a night or two, and were furnished accordingly. The tiny rooms couldn't really be considered a home, and Steve was already beyond sick of the same four walls and ceiling. He had his military pension and his Shield salary, and he'd intended to find a place to rent. Mary insisted on coming to view apartments with him, and eventually, after the fifth roach-infested tumbledown they'd been to in Brooklyn, had insisted Steve come and live with them. They all said it would only be temporary, until he found somewhere better, but Steve was sure not one of them had actually believed it.
'Well, hello again my buttercups,' The Diva said, beaming at them. 'What'll it be?'
It was as if he had stepped out into a totally different world. Even though he had literally just walked there, Tony suddenly had no idea where he was. He turned, uncertain, disorientated. The road hadn't changed but for some reason, he was drawing a total blank on how to get home. Panic surged like bile up his throat, and if there had been anything at all in his stomach he might have vomited right there in the doorway of the tea shop. What was happening to him? How could he not know the way home from a place he frequented, a place he had walked to without thinking just twenty minutes before? He should have paid more attention to the route. But no, he knew the route. Didn't he? No, he didn't. He must do. But he didn't, he didn't.
He was suffocating, Steve realised. The breath had been knocked out of him by the impact against the wall, and he couldn't get any more. His vision started to go black around the edges. He couldn't breathe.
'Yeah?' Stark asked, firing off his repulsors even as he did. 'You want to keep me around forever, Cap?'
'Separated?!' Tony repeated. 'Steve! I thought you were dead!'
Things happened very fast after Stark's transformation. He reached out, his arms impossibly long and tentacle-like, and snatched the two nearest Shield agents, lifting them off the floor by the throat. The rest of the agents immediately opened fire, and it was all Steve could do to make sure that his shield was covering both Peter and himself. The monster that had once been Stark merely laughed.
Panic, which had been barely held back, burst through the dam and overwhelmed her, drowned her. She couldn't do this. She couldn't do this. She couldn't do this.
'Don't let him watch the news,' Natasha said, her voice tight, distressed. 'Steve's gone, Clint.'
'Tennis?'
worried about this, Tony realised. 'I... I'm so sorry, Tony, I... I thought it would be romantic.'
'Whatever you did back there...' Steve said, 'You saved his life. Because of you, we got him here, and at least now there's a chance. I won't ever forget that. Thank you.'
'There's more, Captain. The plane is believed to be a Mitsubishi A6M Rei-sen.'
‘They kind of remind me of you.’
'Why?'
'I know a place,' Barnaby said. 'It's like a, a sculpture garden? On the roof of the building where I work. I have my pass, we can get in, it's not far, and no-one will be there at this time of night, it's-'
Steve laughed. ‘No, I don’t think so. Let’s just focus on your mom’s flowers for now.’
'There you go,' the man said, pushing the glass towards him. 'Do you need any help?'
Steve suddenly remembered their first meeting in the bar, the confused haze he’d thought he’d seen in Stark’s eyes. He had no idea what it meant, but it was hard to imagine Stark was a risk to Peter. And keeping quiet had been part of the deal.
Fury looked to the ceiling, considering this. 'You think Stark's using the kid to get to him?'
The problem was, Steve walked fast. And it was so, so hot. And Tony still had no idea how he was going to get home, and he was eventually just going to have to admit to Steve what was happening, and then that would be it. No more Iron Man, no more inventing, not if he was losing his mind. It was all over. And it was
moving, he could feel it straining – but Mr Osborn came up behind him and pulled him away, lifting him off his feet. For a moment Peter wasn't sure what was happening, the whole world turned around him, and then Mr Osborn dropped him hard onto the table, pinning him down, and pressing a mask over his face. It was like the one Peter used to have to give him oxygen, but Peter knew it wasn't oxygen this time, and alarms were going off in his head and his stomach and all down his arms, and he kicked and kicked, but Mr Osborn was on top of him now, using his whole body to pin him down, and so Peter held his breath, and he could hold his breath for ages now, but then Mr Osborn elbowed him in the stomach and he breathed in and he knew that was it. His eyes felt heavy. He didn't want to sleep, but he couldn't help it.
he was okay and it didn't hurt, and still didn't believe the answer.
had been sent to guard the perimeter and keep anyone else from coming into the area. The fact he was calling made Tony think that Peter had very much not done that.
'Alright,' he said. 'I'll leave you to get rid of your junk. I'll see you later, Steve.'
‘Uh, right.’ Steve said, despite the fact he had just picked out some dahlias for that exact purpose. ‘Yeah, flower language isn’t, uh, thorough with it’s grammar. But we can get the point across. These are dahlias, they stand for deceit.’
'It's alright, son,' Steve called out, just in case. 'Soon have you out.'
Tony laughed and carried on, leaving Steve to hurry after him, a smile breaking over his face. The truth was he loved horses. He always had, and many times as a kid he had been shooed away by an irritated grocer or milkman or dustman for fussing the horses while they were meant to be working. He'd been just the right age to see them replaced one by one as cars became more affordable, and these days seeing horses made him nostalgic for the time when they had been an every day sight.
'I am Stark,' it said, 'And Stark is me. We are one.'
Steve's shoulders sagged. 'Starting to see why they called us.'
'Good to have a clear out, huh?' Stark said, suddenly right next to him. Steve jumped, slammed his locker shut, and met Stark's glare with his own.
'Great.'
Tony groaned. 'You're a menace. You're going to kill me. I'm so glad I married you.'
He remembered all of them. Countless different lives pouring into his head at once – the Skrulls –
'Okay,' Tony said, landing beside him. 'Clearing a path, got it.' He raised his hands in front of him, the repulsors whirring as they began to power up.
, to help find his parent's killer, to help the man Steve was convinced was still in there, that was – as Tony had felt at time – apparently a more important friend than the rest of them. Over the weeks it took to locate Bucky, however, the anger had ebbed and he had started to accept what Steve said. Even so, until they actually found him he hadn't completely decided what he was going to do to Bucky. What they'd found was a shell of a person, confused, lost, and just
Revolted, he'd snapped the box shut again. Pulling on his
A moment of not-uncomfortable silence, and then:
'It's only fair,' Tony said. 'After the number you've done on my heart.'
'Well, given that
‘He’s cute,’ Romanov said. ‘I didn’t realise how much he looks like Richard.’
'Jarvis?' Peter asked. This had to be the physical computer, right? It looked complicated enough.
. On his
Suddenly, spotlights blazed into life, flicking on and off in a way that was going to give Steve a headache, let alone anyone else. He looked to the corner of the room, where Peter was pushing the switches on and off like a pro, his face serious, his temple bleeding from where he had hit the bar. The changing light levels seemed to be working too; the mass retreated further, until it was just a small squirming thing on Stark's stomach. Steve lifted his shield to deliver the final blow, but in the next instant of darkness as Peter turned out the lights, it leapt away, disappearing into the vent.
the enemy, 9 year old Tony had been very much against the idea of being sent to school, and had made his objections known rather forcibly. Now aged 11, he couldn't believe he had been such a baby.
Steve didn't answer. He was still looking down the hall, for once not giving Barnaby his full attention, transfixed. In his head, things were starting to fall into place.
Steve couldn't stop thinking about the first time he had looked after Peter on his own. He had only been a few months old, then, and his parents had been going out for their anniversary dinner. It was the first time they had left him and both of them came back at least half a dozen times for one last goodbye before they finally left. They didn't seem worried about leaving him with Steve, though. Steve had been a fixture in Peter's life from day one, had helped with the feeding and changing and bathing when they needed him to, and probably knew Peter as well as they did. They thought that while they would miss Peter, Peter would be fine.
bubble tea, when bubble tea was the best.
For a moment, Tony even felt grumpy as he hung up and turned to look at Steve. His fiancé. His soon to be husband. The grumpiness evaporated abruptly, obliterated by a flame of happiness flaring up within him. 'I love you,' he said, because it was all he could find in himself to say, and he started kissing Steve again.
Tony brightened considerably, looking up from where he had been trying to settle the horse enough to look at its hooves. That smile made everything worth it, Steve thought, even as Tony said, 'Sure thing, Clementine,' and Steve heard the
After a hectic December, all Steve wanted to do this Christmas was collapse onto the couch with Tony and not move for at least three days. Unfortunately, super villains and international criminals had no respect for the holidays, and after a two day mission to Cyprus had turned into a three week operation, Steve had been worried that he wouldn't make it home for Christmas at all. As it turned out, though, with no small thanks to Natasha and the Shield surveillance team, they had managed to wrap things up late on the 23
instead of a pink one, and how it had taken hours for him to work out why no-one was responding to his charms. Good times.
The creature was weak from its journey, from too long without a host, but it made it to the shade of this cave. It waited. It recuperated.
'Oh, yes, I'm such a horrible friend, trying to stop your liver from exploding.' Bucky rolled his eyes. 'Go find us some seats, stupid punk.'
'I'm trying to stop you passing out,' Steve replied, looking up the street. He gently reached forward and pressed on the back of Tony's neck, moving his head down. 'Stay here. Drink those. Keep your head down.'
He couldn't wait any more. He closed the gap, put his hands to Tony's face, and kissed him.
