When the noise died down, Sherlock put the speaker once more against his ear and said, “Wonderful. I’ll expect delivery this afternoon… Tomorrow morning then, if that’s the best you can do.” And with that, Sherlock hung up the phone.
“I do?”
“Sure. I was in the Army. Going to a strip club with your mates is practically an official part of indoctrination.”
“The slipper! I keep my tobacco in a Persian slipper!”
“That’s… not how lasers work, John.”
John wanted those hands. He wanted them on his body and he wanted Sherlock’s voice in his ear. He wanted all the desire that Sherlock was pouring into his instrument.
John dropped his hands and looked up into Sherlock’s sea-blue eyes. “You’re not a freak,” he said.
Still he found himself wishing for a… cuddle? A transition of some kind? A come-down rather than a letdown?
Sherlock nodded. “I haven’t heard anything about Moriarty since her escape from prison. I assumed he was just bored with watching me scurry about my jar — but, to the best of my knowledge, no one else has heard from him either. If a faerie had killed him, Mycroft would have caught wind of it sooner rather than later. She has the ability to murder him and hide the evidence. She’s amazingly resourceful.”
“Of course there’s a connection. He went out of his way to make sure I’d see it. Avery Dain was already a known alias. No, what I’m saying is that he wanted me to believe that.”
But he bit those pale lips, and he cried out in half-human, half-animal growls that seemed to roll over John’s skin like thunder.
“That’s… probably more than a couple.”
“God, I want that, Sherlock. I want to know every inch of your skin.”
“Collapsed. 221B has returned to the mundane world.”
She’d gone to her GP when her fever hit 39 and she couldn’t hold anything down. The GP had her admitted because of severe dehydration.
“Charge? Was there a… trial or something?”
“John. I really am—”
“I don’t see why you’d want to.”
On the other hand, Sherlock could have easily taken the violin into his own room if he’d wanted absolute privacy.
Sherlock tensed. John froze mid-scratch.
“Did you write this one too?” shouted John, as he took his seat on the step.
“People bring me problems — mysteries they can’t solve, crimes that fall outside the purview or expertise of Scotland Yard — and I find the answers.”
“Really, John. Take them off now.”
So John went downstairs and sat in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen and let her draw him out about his life before he was injured — or, if he didn’t feel up to talking (and sometimes it seemed like an exhausting endeavour), she would take up the slack with stories of London in her day or her favourite shows.
John felt Sherlock lean up and look over his shoulder, presumably at the brass clock that sat on the shelf at the foot of the sofa.
But Sherlock didn’t move.
“I’m sorry I haven’t found the answer. To lifting the curse, I mean.”
The stair felt cold and dark in comparison.
“Mmm?”
John nodded, even though he knew Sherlock couldn’t see him.
Three whole emotions in less than one hour.
“It would give you a ball full of food pellets if it thought it would keep you content,” agreed Sherlock.
“You want to suck my cock?” John was surprised, delighted, and maybe a little amused at Sherlock’s growing boldness. He tried hard to not show the amused part.
what I was doing.”
“You fucking prick.”
It was a length of black silk. John stood there, running his fingers over the soft fabric, wondering what he was meant to do with it.
“I’m sorry, what?” asked John.
They’d been sharing Sherlock’s bed, more or less, for nearly a fortnight.
“All of it,” said Sherlock. He held John’s gaze as he pulled up the sleeve of his dressing gown.
“John.”
Sherlock wrapped his hand around John’s skull.
Because Moriarty considered Sherlock’s suffering under the curse inadequate apparently.
John slid himself lower on the sofa.
It was probably a bit of both.
John found navigating his way up while blinded easier than down. Once he hit the third stair past the landing, he pulled the blindfold off his eyes and blinked.
John didn’t know what thrilled him more, the intense sensation of pleasure tinged with pain, or hearing Sherlock’s voice catch like that.
Bit by bit, in order to keep her awake long enough to eat some soup, John got her to tell him — well, complain to him really — about her illness.
“Then she’s fortunate to have you. It’s ten. You should go now.”
“Hmm?”
“Good,” said John. He stared into Sherlock’s eyes a moment longer, trying to read his expression. Well, it was better than staring at his prick, he figured, but still a good bit awkward. He hooked his thumb over his shoulder. “I’ll go take a shower now, then.”
“John?” Sherlock’s voice seemed thunderous so close to his ear.
Not many people ever saw it. There was almost always something more interesting happening in the opposite direction. But those who did notice simply thought,
John nodded again.
, John thought, as if he couldn’t bear not to finish the sentence, at least in his own head.
“I wasn’t,” John lied. “And you can call me John.”
“Is he a decent lay?” she asked.
“I just do. Maybe I have a thing for monsters. Maybe I have a thing for you no matter what body you inhabit. Maybe it’s both or neither. But I’m attracted to you — just like this. If I didn’t think it would freak you out, I’d try to convince you to make love with me right now.”
“And what am I supposed to do with it?”
But he hadn’t said, “You can try to convince my landlady to let you go, so long as you do it before bed.”
But no Sherlock.
Twenty minutes later, he came down to the sitting room — showered, shaven, wearing a tweed jacket, and carrying a small gym bag.
“We can stop any time you want.”
Sherlock cradled John’s head in one paw, and John took that as a sign that he should go back to mouthing Sherlock’s nipple. Sherlock stroked John’s back with his other paw, sometimes pressing the pad against John’s skin when John did something particularly good, sometimes grazing John’s skin with his claws, but not stopping.
He pulled air deep into his lungs — held it for a moment and let it out slowly. He was sweaty and disoriented, lying alone in a strange bed, the first light of day filtering weakly through the fog outside his window.
Sherlock worked his free hand between them and untied John’s belt. He took John’s cock and brought it into contact with his own, encircling them both with those long fingers of his.
So John did. He pressed his lips to Sherlock’s. He opened his mouth when he felt Sherlock’s tongue skim his lower lip. He let Sherlock pull him down until he was lying next to him.
“You’re taller than I thought you’d be, what with being born in the 19th century and all.”
“Some bloke whose neighbours have never laid eyes on him?”
John found the remark remarkably cryptic, even coming from Sherlock.
She stood back and gestured for him to come inside, and John could see that her skirt was now several inches shorter and dark teal rather than black.
So with no better options presenting themselves, John stood as well. “Right, then,” he said, and followed Mrs. Hudson back out to the hall and up the stairs.
“Reason and observation? You got all that from ‘reason and observation?’”
John found himself wondering if Sherlock’s eyes were a result of the curse or if they’d always been this strange.
“I don’t use it anymore. Look, are you okay?”
John laid his palm high on Sherlock’s leg. The skin under his hand jumped, like a horse trying to flick off a fly. John looked up at Sherlock’s face. He was looking away from John and biting his lip.
“I’ll buy that.” John kissed the nearest of Sherlock’s ribs.
“Efficient. What are you wearing?”
Sherlock made a growling humming sound only slightly less bestial than the one he’d made when John had kissed him at breakfast.
Sherlock caught it between his paws, but it slipped through and thumped him on the chest.
So John sat — on the middle cushion, judging by the space on either side. Sherlock stood back, and for the first time since Sherlock had taken his hands on the stair, John wasn’t touching him.
“New jeans too.”
“I have no idea what either of those things are, but you weren’t
“Don’t forget blackmail,” said John.  "And kidnapping."
“So what kind of doctor are you?”
“Hello?” said John.
“Alright. How was he killed?” asked John.
Once again, information from Sherlock generated more questions.
He felt Sherlock’s breath against his lips an instant before Sherlock kissed him, all apprehension at the novelty of the act forgotten or maybe drowned by desire — John had no idea. He just gripped Sherlock’s biceps and held on, kissing him back with equal intensity until Sherlock left off kissing John’s mouth to kiss his neck and then his chest, moving down John’s body as he knelt between his legs.
And in the middle of all of this lay Sherlock’s immense cock. It was a deeper shade of brown than his coat and covered in ivory splotches, as was his scrotum. John hadn’t noticed any pubic hair the first time he’d glimpsed Sherlock’s genitals, but now he saw that there were a few ivory curls surrounding them.
“In the study. You can just make it out next to the silver frame around a portrait of that American actress.”
He’d had, to be honest, quite enough of being hurt.
John continued kissing down Sherlock’s long neck, pausing to nip at the hollow above his clavicle before kissing his way across Sherlock’s chest and taking his nipple into his mouth.
She’d then gone on to regale John with stories of the house updating itself from time to time. “That first electric hob! Let me tell you!”
If this wasn’t the heart of the enchantment, what was?
“Could just be an investment property. People do that.”
“I think you’re underestimating those other things, but this is good too — brilliant, in fact,” said John.
“Let me see.”
The flat is awfully accommodating.
Sherlock took John’s hand and led him carefully around the coffee table to the sofa.
“Me?”
Sherlock frowned as if genuinely perplexed by this question. “I usually…” He shook his head. “I am accustomed to solitary pursuits. You’re currently unemployed; how do you fill the hours?”
“Intelligent by your standards or by normal ones?”
“I’m never going to hold a scalpel again,” said John, “but there are other kinds of doctors. Retraining shouldn’t take long.” He nudged Sherlock’s foot with his own. “We’re both going to have to do a great many things from now on that aren’t hanging around this flat and fucking. Are you ready for that?”
“No,” said Sherlock. “It’s not a bad thing.”
“Nearly nine-thirty. I would have woken you soon.”
“A pock— A pocket dimension?”
“Nope. Schedule’s all filled up, I’m afraid,” said John.
But right now, all he wanted was to deliver this righteous rage to the person who deserved it.
“John…”
“These guys decide to do a striptease act to raise money.”
Oh, this conversation had the potential of ending very badly. Even John didn’t know whether his attraction to Sherlock was the result of latent teratophilia or if he was only an aspiring monster fucker because Sherlock was the monster. There was no use in finding a comforting lie, though. Sherlock would know.
requires a great deal of strength and skill. As far as I know, the only modern Faerie who’s capable of it is Moriarty.”
If John could lift the curse, they’d all be free to go. That’s what Sherlock had said the very first night. But what did that mean, exactly? Mrs. Hudson had owned 221B before it got stuck in a pocket dimension, so presumably it had a place in the mundane world. And Mrs. Hudson had spoken about getting back to the mundane world herself — presumably that’s what Sherlock meant by “free to go.”
“It can be nice, you know,” said John. “Especially when you’re into the other person.”
“Well, no. Not now, I wouldn’t.” He shut the door and started brushing his teeth.
“Do you have a moment?” he asked.
“Any time,” said John.
Surprisingly, Sherlock had heard of the internet. It was important to
John hadn’t really noticed the way Sherlock walked before now. He’d seen the choppy lurch of Sherlock moving in a tight space, but he hadn’t actually watched him when he had room to stretch out. It was impossible to know for sure, of course, but John guessed that Sherlock was likely horse-like from the waist down. His rounded hips swayed as he moved, and John fancied that there was sometimes movement under the coat and dressing-gown that might indicate the presence of a tail.
He wasn’t wrong.
He wasn’t breathing.
“He was smart. He was charming when he put his mind to it. He could get people to do things for him, get them to be infatuated with him for a little while, but no one could really love him, because inside, he was freakish — a monster.
“Rather clumsily.” Sherlock shook his head. “She’s far too smart for that.”
He suspected that he was too late in realising that.
John thought that explained the presence of an erection being pressed into the cleft of his arse.
Sherlock smiled and held out his paw. “Come back. I’ll say ‘stop’ if I really want you stop.”
“You— You’re stroking them. Small circles, catching them with the tips of your fingers.”
“What? Here?” John pointed at the floor. “Live with you, you mean?”
“Oh, you poor sod.” Harry snorted again.
Harry was in her bedroom with the door closed when he came out. He heard her slip into the bathroom as he was making up the sofa. When he heard the door open again, he pretended to be asleep, but she never saw the performance. She went directly to her room.
“I’m… not sure what to say to that.”
Harry, whose immune system tended to have a scorched earth policy when it came to fighting off viruses, always got her jab, but as it turned out, there was a strain going around that hadn’t been part of the standard vaccination routine this year.
“Listen,” she said. “About last night — I know I was being a bi—”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Like a communication device you’re using to chat with your faerie lover — yes, John.”
thought John. He should have signed up for the automatic payment. He wondered if it was too late to authorise it. He looked at the texts from the rental agency.
John sighed.
John’s head snapped up.
Just like it had been since yesterday afternoon when he’d suddenly decided to hit on Sherlock.
it. “And there are things we could do — if you wanted.”
“I am my brother’s keeper,” replied Mycroft. “I make it a point to investigate his… guests.”
He sat on the couch, missing Sherlock and flipping through channels on the telly. It was hard to find something he wanted to watch when the telly couldn’t read his mind. About three months, give or take, was how long it took to get spoilt apparently.
“My tail, Doctor. The one you keep trying to catch glimpses of.”
He turned back to Sherlock and said, “Not to me, it isn’t.”
“Is that why you were so flustered the other day?” asked Sherlock. “Uncomfortable power dynamics?”
“Perhaps you don’t wish to speak to your sister as much as you think you do.”
John patted the suit, then stuck his hands into every pocket in the jacket and trousers for good measure. The gun was gone.
John nodded despite knowing that Sherlock couldn’t see him. He started up the stairs, then stopped.
The toaster popped. John leaned over and squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder before going to get his breakfast.
It was the first time they’d made love in a bed.
He leaned back on the stairs behind him and let his mind drift as he stroked himself. Images of Sherlock’s imagined hands were quickly replaced by images of the Sherlock John knew — curly hair and curved horns, pale skin and sleek fur, human mouth and bestial claws.
“Yeah,” said John. “I put them in the drawer under the sink.”
“Nope. I haven’t heard from Wiggins in a week, nor Lestrade since he sent me the clipping. Mycroft says I’m being paranoid — no one has seen Moriarty in nearly forty years, and he probably just got tired of me.”
Sherlock curled his paw into a not terribly close approximation of a fist. He looked at it as if trying to figure out how this was an improvement. Then he smiled and ran the curved backs of his claws over John’s nipple.
“How is that pos— Stupid question. Sorry.” After all, everything about Sherlock Holmes was impossible.
Mrs. Hudson pointed to the door next to the one through which they had just entered. “Closet,” she said, then pointed to a doorway next to that. “And your room will be up there.”
“What’s that? Some kind of spell? Is that why it felt dangerous?” asked John.
“A faerie, and that’s none of your business.”
John buried his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, scratching his scalp lightly near the base of his horn.
John scrambled up on the bed to kneel next to him.
John heard the “whuf” of Sherlock’s arse hitting the cushion. “Now what?”
“What’s it to me?!” Harry’s voice was gaining in volume and pitch like the horn of an oncoming train. “I’ll tell you what’s it to me! I’ve been out to you for years, John Watson! Decades! I’ve sobbed on your shoulder during existential lesbian crises, and you never bothered to tell me that you’re…”
The cap was gone.
“No,” said Sherlock, rolling onto his side.
“I’d also really like to enjoy you. I like wanting someone — being hard for them, being so aware of them and the way they’re reacting to me. I’d want to touch you everywhere, Sherlock, feel you shiver and sigh and moan. Feel you pull me close and rub yourself against me.”
“I didn’t hate it. Sometimes there’d be a dancer who caught my eye. I
“Listen! You don’t just get to fuck off to God-knows-where-but-it-sure-as-hell-ain’t-the-fucking-Hebrides and stick me with all your responsibilities for fucking
“Yes. How’s your leg?”
“Here’s the step,” said Sherlock, walking backward and drawing John into the sitting room. He stopped a half dozen steps from the stair. John estimated from the distance and the rug under his feet that they must be in the empty area between the coffee table and their chairs.
Sherlock put his paw on John’s head and leaned forward to kiss him, pricking John’s scalp in the process.
“Is that your professional opinion, Dr. Watson?”
“I don’t know how,” said John. “I keep calling…”
Oddly enough, however, his dread had become something more akin to excited curiosity.
John grinned and held up his hand. “So give some of it to me.”
It woke him at a quarter-after the night after that.
“They fit you really well.” She popped another mushroom into her mouth.
“What’s this?” asked John, knowing somehow that he wouldn’t like the answer.
“What’s with the—?”
“Okay fine! Hopefully there will be some earplugs in the bedside table by the time I get up there!”
John picked up the nearest rose by it’s short brass stem and twirled it in the light coming from the window. He noticed a small mark stamped into the underside of one of the petals — a seven-pointed star.
That’s why Moriarty was obsessed with Sherlock. He’d been in love with Sherlock’s mother and she had “wasted” her wish on the life of her sickly child by another man.
“Somehow, despite curses and pocket dimensions, you solve mysteries? In the…” What did Mrs. Hudson call it? “…the mundane world?”
“Luck?” said Sherlock, curling his lip in disgust.
Sherlock glanced at John, the slightest smile still curving his lips.
Two toasts, one tea, and a shower later, John checked the messages on his mobile.
John felt the brush of Sherlock’s knuckles as he positioned his cock as John had asked. He found Sherlock’s face with his hand and tilted his head up to kiss him.
But this one threatened to overwhelm him. He needed to
And it was extraordinary.
Jane sat on her bed that night, braiding her hair, and looking at the tops of the trees through the attic window.  The little room contained nothing but her bed, a table to hold her wash basin, and a shelf for her books (most of them gifts from Mr. Holmes or Dr. Watson).  It was unheated except for a vent cut into the chimney stack that allowed some of the heat from the coal grates below to escape into her room.  It also allowed her to hear quite well everything that happened in Dr. Watson’s (well really, the gentlemen’s) bedroom even though her own room was not directly above it.  She could hear sounds, anyway, though not exactly what was being said.  She supposed that, if she were to press her ear to the piece of stove pipe coming through the chimney, she would be able to hear more clearly, but that seemed to her to be a shocking invasion of the gentlemen’s privacy.
Doing what he pleased with what was his.
John turned off the telly. “Right. Time for bed.” He grabbed his toothbrush out of his bag and stalked off to the bathroom.
disconcerting,” she acknowledged. “Perhaps Sherlock can explain it better.” The kettle snapped off, and Mrs. Hudson turned away to fill the pot.
the government.”
“No. Yes?” Sherlock sighed. “They have a Court, if you can call a capricious mob a court. It’s unheard of for them to take the part of a human over a faerie unless it’s a clear-cut case of outright fraud. If there’s any room for opinion, it’s the faerie’s opinion that counts. Moriarty declared me Ungrateful and the Court accepted that. He was allowed to punish me as he saw fit with no repercussions.”
He could hear violin music playing on the other side.
“Harry,” said John, his voice as gentle and contrite as he could make it, “I really am sorry. This came up out of nowhere, but I have to do this and I have to do it now.”
“You can’t get an erection, and presumably, you can’t ejaculate. But we can—”
It wasn’t a question, but John said, “Yes,” anyway.
“Your mobile telephone’s battery is running out?” he asked after a long pause.
John nodded. This was the first time he’d seen this room. It wasn’t what he’d expected, although he couldn’t really say that he’d expected anything in particular. The walls were covered in green damask wallpaper. There was yet another bookcase and what appeared to be a large liquor cabinet. Both were filled with Sherlock’s usual assortment of oddities. A floor lamp and a coat tree bearing Sherlock’s collection of silk dressing gowns rounded out the furniture. There was a framed poster of the periodic table that John could’ve sworn was identical to the one in his sixth form chemistry classroom.
“Going out and snogging a hacker- are you that lonely? Is that how far gone you've gotten, you're willing to fuck a fucking criminal?”
The violin did nothing to soothe his nerves, and after playing for several minutes with shaky fingers, he decided to simply leave the flat altogether. The brittle London wind greeted him, reminding him of how quick the seasons had gone from warm and cheery days to foggy and rainy days. Sherlock didn't know where he was going, he just knew that he had to
“You told me that I was yours,” Sherlock breathed, swallowing thickly. Tremulously, he forced himself to to continue through the tears blurring his vision. “That night- that night that you
There's something about drawing blood, which is not truly blood,
and he wanted someone to make the hurt go away. His wrists itched with the urge to fall back on old habits, but he let his pillows absorb his tears until he didn't have any tears left to cry.
breathing out the smoke of glory and light into every room he entered.
Secrets are undug by mistake, souls fall further yet, and the night is without mercy for the hearts of the lost.
every word you've never meant,
You revolve around one another,
He had craved John's touch, in whichever way that came for so long, and now John was above him ready to engage in intercourse; yet, in a cruel twist of fate Sherlock wasn't as euphoric or blissful as he'd thought he'd be. John grinned at him, softness in his eyes for a moment before he returned to his quest of undressing the consulting detective in front of him. As he unbuttoned and slid the shirt off, he led them into whichever bedroom they could get to- John's, as Sherlock's was locked- and they stumbled in up the stairs and didn't let go of each other for more than two seconds.
When he opened them, he couldn't help but feel like the entire world was a pool of gray. Outside, thunder roared, lighting up the flat in a bright flash of light before the darkness resumed its reign over the flat. Even the music was swallowed up by the silence, and every note he played sounded like silence and out of place. Placing down the violin once again, he felt the entire universe grieve with him.
it in way that left your hair standing on end. While the silence normally didn't bother Sherlock before, today the silence was too much, it left far too much room for his thoughts to run amok.
you didn’t do anything to my tea?”
“I didn’t hear the door.”
HOW DO YOU-
“False One. Strange One. I personally prefer the smart one. Now, do tell me before I grow bored and leave you to sort it out yourself.”
“No. Are
YOU SEEM TO BELIEVE THAT, the stranger says icily.
John makes a face, tries to stand, and then gives up when the world decides to spin around him for the attempt. He puts a hand to his head, taking a few deep breaths before moving it down to clutch at his shoulder. “Why do we need that exactly?”
The stranger remains rooted to the spot, clearly expecting more than a simple smile. The energy and power emanating from them moments before dissipates, stormclouds torn apart by light winds.
YOU ARE A STRANGE ONE.
“Or dead.”
“Well then, that means there’s most definitely someone to see you in the living room,” John says. “Get up.”
John shakes his head. “She could be asleep.”
“Yeah. Don’t tell me you actually know whoev--
John most definitely hears a voice, but it’s less a proper sound and more the perception of it, like remembering old conversations. It’s an echo in his mind, loud, low, and far too reminiscent of what happens when one stands too close to a bomb going off or a gun being fired and can’t hear anything but the echoing ring of temporary tinnitus. John looks down into the contents of his mug, and then back up.
The man is tall,
“Because I’m afraid you need it, ” Sherlock says, calmly.
AN OLD FRIEND. The man inclines his head. TO YOU BOTH.
“I was
Sherlock leads them both up the short flight of stairs into John’s room - the one that also happens to be the furthest possible point from the flat’s living room without outright leaving it - and closes the door behind them. He maneuvers John to the unmade bed, and leaves him there to start rummaging through drawers.
He doesn’t exactly sprint to Sherlock’s door, but there is definitely a bit of tripping and a few
John wonders how he can remain so frightfully indifferent to what quickly felt like mounting danger in John’s gut. It felt as though an invisible crosshair was floating over his vitals, just waiting for the moment to open fire. John tightens his jaw unintentionally, grinding molars against one another.
Important notice time! There will be no update next Sunday. My birthversary is this week, but with the ever so great combo of COVID and being an essential worker, celebration of it completely slipped my mind. Regular updates will resume after that. Thanks, all.
be. In its place is a riding helmet of slippery black plastic, polished and shiny, with the visor pushed up to the top. He’s looking as intently at the skull Sherlock keeps on the mantelpiece as John is looking at him.
,” John replied. “Go on, get up. Client in the sitting room.” He glances down and back up. “You might want to remember trousers this time.”
“Death doesn’t escape someone like you, but life most certainly can,” Sherlock continues, with a touch of boredom in his voice. “Hm. Not the usual near-death experience, I’d wager. Otherwise
“First aid kit?” he asks.
“Sherlock?” he says, snapping fingers in front of the vacant eyes. No response. If he had been in a quiet panic before, now it swept through him like a wave. He grabs at Sherlock and shakes him. “Sherlock!” He rounds on the stranger next. This has to be their doing, somehow. Someway. “What the bloody hell did you do to him?”
Sherlock crooks his brows at him. “No door. Mrs. Hudson?”
I’m sure you have...lackeys. This one must be a mystery. So tell me, who was it? What did they do?”
John breaks his own stillness to rush over to him.
As he says it, John takes his hand away. It feels wet, had he been sweating? He looks at the palm, at the swath of bright red painting the pale flesh.
Sherlock places his palms together and holds them against his lips, bisecting the smile that creeps up there.
SO YOU WILL TAKE THE CASE?
The bedroom is dark and quiet, the only sound John’s feet as they slide across the carpet.
I AM TELLING HIM THE DETAILS. A tilt of the helmeted head, almost curious. YOU WOULD BE WISE NOT TO SPEAK TO ME THIS WAY. FALSE THOUGH HE MAY BE, HE IS FAR MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOU.
John doesn’t catch the rest. He’s never been the squeamish sort when it comes to blood, his or another’s, but when a years’ old bullet wound that nearly killed him begins to bleed anew out of the blue? That’ll do it.
Sherlock considers this with all the wherewithal of the half-asleep. “Are you high?”
John forces out a tight smile at that. “Right. Be back, one moment.”
-- embroidered on the back in one gigantic patch from shoulder to waist. John’s eyes travel up from it to the man’s head. More appropriately, where the man’s heads
John had left his mug of tea in Sherlock’s room, but he still finds himself asking in a terse whisper, “You’re
The empty-eyed sockets stare at him as the incorporeal voice remains pointedly silent. Sherlock narrows his own eyes at the stranger much like he often does with the skull he keeps on the mantelpiece.
FALSE ONE.
“Or culprits,” Sherlock says. “I don’t suppose you’d care to explain the details of your perilous predicament with your very own Horse--” The sentence doesn’t so much as slow to a stop as slam on the brakes hard enough to give itself whiplash. Sherlock’s mouth hangs slightly open, eyes glazed over.
Sherlock chuckles, and manages to find the first aid kit on his own. He moves back over to John and kneels in front of him. “Right. I’ll be sure t--”
in a way not even Sherlock can manage.  He’s in a faded, black leather jacket with something --
John rankles at that. “I’ve never been the wise sort.”
“Sherlock!” he hisses.
“Wouldn’t say. Just called himself an old friend to us both. Oh, and he has a skull for a face.”
Unlike earlier, the stranger does twitch in surprise at this. Not the twitch of a normal man; it’s as if his entire being flickers out of existence for a moment before realigning.
“We shall need certain assurances, of course,” Sherlock says, attempting to sound as disinterested as possible while his eyes dance around merrily and his smile won’t go away. “I’d prefer to know that if we die in this endeavor, it shall simply end there.”
The mouth and the eye and the hand disappear and the mound rolls over. Placing his mug carefully on the nightstand, John grips the blanket and sheets with both hands and gives them a not-so-careful tug. The mass of long pale limbs that is Sherlock Holmes curls in on themselves at the sudden touch of cold air. His hair is an even fiercer maelstrom than usual as he jerks his head up and scowls at John.
“And I’ll require their present locations,” Sherlock continues. “You do know where your cohorts are, don’t you?”
Sherlock steeples his fingers beneath his chin. “The who doesn’t matter as much as the why in this instance, Azrael. Have you come to kill me?” He adds, far too giddily. John tenses, and wishes he’d kept the mug with him for possible throwing purposes. He considers going to fetch it, or something a tad more dangerous, but when he starts to move Sherlock cuts in. “No need, John. We’re safe.”
In the center of the room is the bed, and in the center of the bed is a mound. John gives it a shove. It shifts. A pale hand and then a pale blue eye can suddenly be seen creeping out from its depths.
“Not nearly enough for this.”
He should’ve kept the tea.
John is only half aware when Sherlock says his name. He feels queasy and lightheaded, and god, his shoulder
Sherlock scowled, his brows knitting together as something crackled inside of his chest. He was so tired of playing this game, of pretending, of suffering alone. “Because sentiment is nothing more than a weakness, and I have been made aware of how devastating it truly can be. It's stupid to try and love when all you do won't be enough for the other person.” He stared directly into John's eyes, challenging him, trying to get a reaction from him for once. “Human beings are fickle when it comes to love and romance, I've learned. It's painfully easy for them to change their minds- the heart is an untamable creature, after all- and for some, it's even easy to forget they ever felt that way at all.”
And she was
Sherlock nodded, deciding that it was easier to agree before his nerves got the best of him.
and a heart that kept on drowning.
“Oh?” Sherlock smiled for him, yet felt an ache in his chest that was beginning to grow familiar. His soul was bleeding out from inside of him, and it seemed that there was no end to it in sight. His heart was too raw and frayed, his armor shattered and the bundle of quivering, whimpering emotions shoved underneath the steel and leather had been revealed. Vaguely, he wondered if others could see it as well, if they detected the pain and suffering in his eyes, heard the silent screams when he spoke.
Mycroft gave him a small smile, but there was still sadness lingering in the corner of his eyes. The air surrounding them seemed to sing laments in John's ears. “You've been chosen as his prophet and scribe. It's been many years, quite possible at least 4 centuries, though it may be more than that since any of us had last had one. It never ends well, you see. My last one... well, he... It was quite tragic.” He trailed off as he turned away, his back to John, whose mind was still reeling from their meeting.
“Shut. Your. Mouth,” John snapped through gritted teeth, his voice low and dangerous. “He's
The gods were tired. John didn't know gods could ever grow tired. Thought there were meant to be hardy and brilliant and dazzling, but the man in front of him looked like a businessman who'd spent the day bargaining for a deal he got the short end of the stick on.
The days moved quicker then, and soon Sherlock was staring into his wardrobe and fretting on what to wear. A part of him wanted to wear his usual getup- dress shirt, slacks, suit jacket- but he hesitated as he looked at the rest of the clothes. For so long his formal wear had been an armor against the world, and he was just so
He turned away from the mirror, carefully putting on a shirt that covered the scars that never seemed to fade enough for him to forget what happened. Briefly, he wished he had scars for everything that had played a hand in making him cold in heart, just so he could show to others what made him so distrusting and wary of new faces. He wished he had scars for that night, so he could turn to John and tell him
Your name is written into the book of history
Very Sincerely Yours,
Sherlock's heart sped up at the idea, something akin to fear and resignation rising in his chest. This felt too much like a goodbye. Sherlock had thought that he had finished saying goodbyes since he jumped from the roof. It wasn't fair for the universe to force him to say goodbye over and over again. Over and over again to John. Whom he loved. “I don't want you to go.”
He wanted to
, alright then” John responded, nodding his head. His eyes darted to his watch, and he looked back up at Sherlock, whose eyes had remained fixed on him. “Well, I've got to work at the surgery today. I'll be home late, so don't wait up for me. Meeting,” John told him quickly, finished his tea, then set off to get ready for work. Sherlock stared after him, feeling a stinging in his eyes that stayed long after John had left the kitchen.
Sherlock mentally told himself, leaning forward enough for their lips to graze, before Captain Watson stormed in and yanked them apart from each other. “Hey! What gives, man? Find yourself your own!” Sebastian had shouted, face red with anger at having his toy get pulled out of his reach. Sherlock looked between the both of them, before he realized that John had been in the corner of the bar the entire time watching. And drinking. Definitely not good.
So Harry did. She told him about how she'd gotten married to Clara against the wishes of Clara's father early on in the year, and how they spent weeks in the Gardens, where they celebrated their marriage. She gave Clara a spot in her shop, and Clara used most of her inheritance to build themselves a house of their own. Things went well- Harry managed to graduate as a level 5 and Clara was a level 4. That was, until later on in the fall, when they came upon an unsavory character by the name of Jefferson, who came to the shop to try and find books on black magic and necromancy. When Harry said they didn't have one and what he sought was illegal, he grew angered and left.
Because nobody was looking for him this time.
Sherlock did his best to try to push the matter out of his mind, trying to lock the night into some secluded wing of his mind palace. To some extent, he succeeded, as long as he didn't have anything that forced the memories back forward. He thought he had gotten a handle on things. That is, until the night where everything seemed to crumble from underneath him as he and John sat across from each other in the kitchen.
have stopped things. You asked me if I was- if I was a consenting party and- and I
his hair like the waves
You cannot die.
“Sherlock,” Greg said, his tone chiding and a small frown on his face before his brows unfurrowed and he grinned proudly, his eyes twinkling. “I'll have you know it's a fully rounded relationship with all the perks and benefits and annoyances. I mean, he's not using me for sex or anything, and I'm very sure he cares for me as much as I do him but you know how your brother can be so bloody cryptic sometimes. It's serious though, and we've even been talking about moving into one house, so there's that.”
He was a young god living to die, to feel alive, to steal fire so he can light up his cigarettes,
“I would do anything for her,” John said through gritted teeth, echoing the words his father had once said to the same god, standing in the same temple. His blinked away the apparitions of the past, silently wishing that he would not receive the same answer as his father.
Sherlock wasn't sure how it happened.
He's a god, after all. You cannot find him if he does not want to be found.
Mycroft kept his eyes fixed on him for a few long seconds. “You are not ill,” Mycroft stated, eyes looking into him,
I hope my message finds you in good health. You've made quite a name for yourself. The doctor's writings are interesting, and I do not doubt the authenticity of them for a second. I know you, after all, I've always known that between the two of us you were capable of achieving greatness. It's been a long time- far too long than is excusable really- since we last spoke. I'm sure that you know why I had to leave, after all that brilliant and wonderful mind of yours seems to always know things it shouldn't ;) but I'll admit it here, behind the safety of a screen. During our association I was happier than I could remember ever being in the company of anyone else' at the time, and I truly regret leaving so abruptly and without warning. I was a coward. My father had found out about the extent of our closeness and threatened that I be removed from his will if I continued on with my “sinful and immoral sexual conduct”, and you know that I couldn't bear to not be able to finish uni. It's been our dream for so long that to not be able to finish would have brought me great shame and sadness. When Eliza died, I
Maybe he did.
- you told me you
Because nobody knew that he was hiding in the first place.
John scoffed, turning his head away for a second. “You make me sick, Sherlock, do you bloody know that, you prick? You make me
“Everyone dies, Watson. How can this still surprise you? It's the only certain thing in your very uncertain world. Why should I prolong her life when it's already her time?”
The bi-weekly therapy sessions that Mycroft had prodded him to attend weren't exactly a sufficient source of social interaction or human companionship. When he voiced this to Mrs Hudson she looked at him like a sympathetic mother might look at her child while said child had just come home after a day of torment at school.
“But surely,” said Dr. Watson, “you don’t wish to remain in a house where such acts of, of... indecency occur?”
“Lestrade.”
Comforting.
“Come on,” he said, gesturing toward where he thought Sherlock was. “Come lie on me.”
“Why I have a hard-on!?” asked John. “It’s morning. I’m in bed with you. I’m touching you. You turn me on. It’s a pretty natural response given the stimuli.”
When they were done, Mrs. Hudson stood and said, “Well! I’d best show you where you’ll be staying and introduce you to your… flatmate?” She said the word with the air of an older person who isn’t sure if that’s what the kids these days are saying.
He couldn’t stop thinking of the Sherlock in his dream — “At least give me something to stop the pain…”
“Why not? If you’re so smitten you can’t even be arsed to pay your rent, why are you not shouting it from the rooftops? I would be.”
“Sorry,” said John. “I didn’t mean to— It’s just— erm…”
“You pinch them hard,” said Sherlock. “You pull— pull them.”
John took his own seat. “Which was what, for those of us who haven’t been following the case since the Eighties?”
shut up. This beautiful and intelligent woman had somehow won the affections of a faerie.”
“So a real bloody-minded bastard then,” said John.
“I don’t know whether she is or not, but that’s not her, unless Lord Backwater is in the habit of bringing up his children exclusively in the company of native Ukrainians. For the thousandth time, don’t bring me busy-work, Mycroft. Her signature alone should’ve told you that she’d learnt Cyrillic script before Latin.”
“A man, then?”
He shrugged and put on the offered garments, wondering how long it would take to get spoiled never having to do anything for himself.
“Like this.” He thrust himself into Sherlock’s fist.
“Another one of your little secrets?”
The house was returning to the mundane world.
“Not the point, really. How does it feel?
am just a monster, albeit a highly intelligent one.”
“Thank you,” he said.
“Tomorrow I’ll ring Lestrade. He must have something that requires my expertise. And I’ll advertise my services, of course. It shouldn’t take long to find work. People do keep murdering each other and pilfering things.”
“It was a run, actually,” said John. “I’ve started running again.”
“How boring,” said Sherlock, standing. “Well, if you’re going to be
is meant to remind me of all the ‘pleasures’ I missed in my single-minded pursuit of Truth.”
“Do ‘other things?’”
Why did Sherlock think there was a correlation?
Sherlock made one last drawn-out wail on the violin.
It was a charming smile, thought John. Roguish, one might say. The sort of smile that lifted the heart of the person who put it there — even if he hadn’t the faintest idea how he’d done it.
“It’s not that I don’t want it to be real,” said John. “I’m afraid that it might not be, and if I try to bring it out and show anyone, it’ll just… disappear.”
Touchingly, she did express something akin to concern before she started calling him an irresponsible asshole. So there was that.
He got up and went into the bathroom, pulling off his clothes along the way, knowing they’d be taken care of just as he knew his robe and slippers would be waiting outside the shower when he was done washing off the salt and stink.
the one tie he had in the world to connect himself to it.
He says he did not realize how easy it is to break humans.
One moment they're in each others faces, hands clenched at their sides as they spat out insults and curses, and the next, the space between them had been closed. Sherlock's skin tingled where the tips of John's fingers touched, feeling as if he was laid bare before the other man all of a sudden, nothing but a few layers of flimsy clothing between John's calloused hands and his bare flesh. John's thumb grazed over the skin of Sherlock's neck, an almost tickling sensation if it weren't so intimate and almost frightening in the context of the situation.
a name he hadn't been called in centuries.
. But you love every minute of it.
[How have you been?] was the following text, and he faltered.
Alexander never spoke to him again after that, and he stopped coming to school a month later. Sherlock never definitively found out what happened to him but some said that he'd migrated to the States due to some type of problem his father had with work. Mycroft had played a hand in that, no doubt.
He sat in the silence, his ears ringing. He turned the picture around and looked at the prayer written down on it, his mother's script making his chest ache. He kept reading, his eyes beginning to sting. This was his last and only chance.
and so he breathed it in and the alcohol in his blood made him reckless enough to try and
The moisture in Sherlock's eyes persisted. “You tell me.”
For that was what he was going through: he was grieving.
“No,” he replied, “you won't. I'm sorry, I cannot help you. It is not my place to stop her death.” And that was that. He left- well, he vanished in a puff of black smoke. John could only watch as his father began weeping on the floor, devastated. He helplessly tried to comfort his father without knowing how to even begin. His father pushed him away, snapping at him with a sneer on his face, and John, weak and young, remained silent as they began the long journey home.
So many years of education, and yet nobody had ever thought it would be important to teach people how to love themselves.
“Oh my fucking god, Mike, I have to go!” he shot up from his chair and dashed to his room, throwing open the closet and taking what few things he had and shoving them into his bag. Within ten minutes he was in a cab, hoping beyond hope that his little sister was still alive and that the information passed to him was nothing but a rumor.
When Greg suddenly showed up at his flat and wrapped him in his arms, Sherlock couldn't help but find it unsurprising. With teary eyes, Greg embraced him as if he was trying to pull the broken pieces of him back together with his grip alone. Sherlock couldn't help but shut his eyes and breathed in the comfort, allowing himself to indulge in it for once. “Oh, Sherlock.”
“I'm fine,” Sherlock said, more as an instinctual response than anything.
John moved in small circles over Sherlock's crotch, his teeth grit tight and his eyes filled with desire and heat. A broken whimper left Sherlock before he bit down on his lip and threw an arm over his face, trying to hide the heat in his cheeks. John moved clumsily, ripping off his jeans and pants, tossing them onto the floor before he yanked off Sherlock's boxers as well, leaving them skin-to-skin. “God,” John whispered, leaning down and pressing his lips against Sherlock's collarbone, slowly inching his way downwards the porcelain body beneath him, trying to ignore every scar he came across. Trying to ignore
but he heals your wounds in a blink of an eye and in the next one,
John really didn't remember. Sherlock, thinking back on the night, deduced that John must have assumed that the mess on his sheets was his own and because he saw no evidence to the contrary, thought that he'd stumbled into his bed intoxicated and jerked off until he fell asleep. Sherlock felt different around him, waiting for the other shoe to drop; waiting to be consumed by the pools of doubt and fear and suffering pooling at his feet. John continued on, not knowing what was wrong. There had been a rift between them for so long that he must not have noticed that anything had changed, or he might have chalked it up to Sherlock being Sherlock, a puzzle that couldn't be solved.
. Instead, Sherlock gritted his teeth together and clenched his jaw, looking back at John stubbornly as the older man glared thunderously at him.
The last sentence was not random, but even through the phone Sherlock could detect the hesitation and nervousness of the other man. [Of course. Are you free on Saturday, say... 4 pm, at the old coffee shop we always said we'd go to? -SH] he sent, and when the other man answered in the affirmative he knew that he now had something to do, aside from spending his days in the flat and mourning the death of what could have been and grieving the loss of an almost lover.
say; his words turned to ash on his tongue and the silence in the flat was fraught with a heaviness and melancholia that couldn't be described. He just kept staring out the window on the days he stayed at home, watching the sky change from orange to black; he watched the townsfolk come and go. In the end, they all went.
Sherlock glared at the screen petulantly, not wanting to admit that
It was sentimental and purely the type of romanticizing poetic rubbish he often mocked in John's writing; he ignored the thought of John and walked into the coffee shop, looking around the crowd for the familiar face he once knew very well.
John decided that if he had anything to say about it, he would never bend his knee to Mycroft, the God of Mortality, so long as he lived. Some say that Mycroft himself was the one who did the collecting of souls, though nobody's proven or disproved that. Coming from the dead was impossible, after all, but John just wanted to show that if Mycroft could collect the sick and injured, John could heal them up right as new before he had a chance to collect them.
“No, my lord, it doesn't.”
“What's going to happen?” John asked, feeling fear creeping into him- something heavy and dark as oil injected into his veins, spreading through him like cancer.
because if he didn't, the darkness would be wearing him come morning.
Mycroft's expression was unreadable, but there was something in his eyes that John couldn't quite decipher. A deep sadness, coming from someone who had lived for many years and had seen everything there was to see- murder, war, genocide, rape, the rise and fall of his brothers, empires being turned into dust- and John suddenly understood. He didn't enjoy it, but as the king of the gods now that his father had been locked away, he had a duty and couldn't interfere. He was the watcher, the observer, to make sure that humans would not tear themselves to shreds behind his back. He knew everyone's destiny and could not lift his hand to stop it.
I'm sorry for not finishing this story. Imagine the ending to be what you need it to be at the point you are at right now. Imagine it to be them recovering and relearning love with one another if that is what you need right now. Imagine them fighting, yelling so loudly that the gods themselves tremble, imagine Sherlock standing up for himself if you need that. Imagine Mycroft and Greg stepping in, imagine a rescue, imagine whatever it is you wish.
“Well, every time that you're asked about your sexuality you always defensively retort that you are in no way, shape or form attracted to men. You clam up, start stammering and become almost aggressive in your defense of your fragile masculinity. Really, if you thought that I would be the type to try and hold you back from leaving, you must not know me that well at all.
John, still sober, blinked at him for a few seconds. “I got shot.”
“You're hiding something. What is it?”
You stood too fast
“Then why don't you try talking to other people? Join an app or something, find a flatshare, maybe even go to the bar for a good time,” she suggested, and then an idea popped into her head. “Oh! Look on your website, dear, I'm sure a lot of people would be happy to meet you. People regularly leaves messages there, and one man said he'd love to meet up with you again. Victor, I think it was?”
detectable there and you knew it. You couldn't see or hear it, but you could
, you mortal,
"You're running from your problems again," Sherlock mumbled, and John's eyes were pink with unshed tears. They both knew that played a hand in what was happening, because John had always been a self-blaming, self-loathing, and emotionally constipated man since the beginning who didn't know how to talk about issues properly.
He was done fighting.
To readers:
(See the end of the chapter for
John stared right back. “What do you mean?” he asked, his voice low, confused but not enough so that he didn't know that the conversation had taken a turn. “How can someone possibly... forget?”
It all started out with a man flirting with Sherlock during a case. They had to go to a club to try and find the perpetrator who was targeting homosexual men who fit Sherlock's description: tall, lanky, dark curly hair, and intelligent or somehow powerful. So naturally Sherlock went, left a note on the fridge, and tried to find whoever was conning and pulling giant scams on men like him. Hacking, identity theft, stealing of things not really important for money but for power. Not to mention the fact that there seemed to be something bigger behind the scenes, as if these scams and thefts were part of something else. It was interesting, and as he sat in the club with skintight jeans and his violet dress shirt on, his hair styled fashionably with copious amounts of gel, he knew he was eye-candy for someone who would be drawn to him like a bee was drawn to honey.
John nodded and slid on his coat, his bag heavy at his side as he walked to the temple. His hands were covered in sweat by the time he'd finally made it to the base of the hill that the temple was built on, and with slightly trembling hands, he walked until he was inside. The temple was just as he'd remembered- luxurious, with a gold and ivory eagle statue in the middle that loomed over everyone else who stood in front of it, surrounded by a sophisticated fountain with water that looked more like smoke. Nobody dared to touch it. They'd learned enough from the legends.
you.”
like someone that was waiting for his heart to get broken. Sherlock was lonely- he was
he wanted to say, but this is what John wanted, and Sherlock owed him no less. After a few seconds of deliberation, he kept his silence, and remained pliant and giving under the rough and unforgiving hands that laid claim to him and his body.
Sigerson, god of war and justice. He has been locked away in the pit for millenia, so unless if John wanted to unleash a bloodthirsty and vengeful beast upon the earth, it was probably a bad idea to try to summon him. It was likely he'd get turned into fried human on the spot anyway. He was the father of some of the gods, one which was Mycroft.
He didn't know what to do. Poison and curses weren't things healing magic could heal unless if he could figure out the source or find something to counteract it. Curses were different than attack spells, they were darker in nature and usually more fatal. Cruel as the one who created the first curse to begin with, but his name was not one John even wanted to think of, lest he invoke the wrath of the dark god.
Victor laughed, shaking his head. “No, I've learned new pieces I could use to seduce people with, actually.” A waitress came over and they both looked up, giving their orders and grinning widely at each other even as they said what they wanted. When she was gone Victor turned back to Sherlock. “What do you mean, no luck? I heard you were with that bloke, the Doctor? I've read his chronicles of your adventures, you two seemed mighty close. Close enough for the people to begin talking, anyway. I myself had assumed the same. Is it untrue?”
What an odd little universe. A merciless, capricious universe where everything happened without rhyme or reason and there was no meaning to anything. What was the point of life? They were all just blips of light in an ever-expanding darkness; small flashes of life in an infinite timeline. Nothing had meaning, not really; soon, the east wind would come along and swallow all of them up. Sherlock couldn't
[Less than a week ago, actually. I was offered a job, and now that my father has passed I thought I would return to London. There's some official stuff I have to take care of as well, so I'll be here permanently if things go my way. Would you like to have coffee sometime?]
“Is that it then? Are we done here?” he sounded upset and nervous, even to his own ears.
me.” His voice broke, and he could only sit there, trying to battle the trembling of his entire body. His lip trembled as well, and before he could stop it tears made their way down his face.
John remained silent until they got off the cab and then rounded on him, slamming the door. “How fucking
You cannot heal in the environment you were broken in. You cannot grow without sunlight.
“Hey,” he said gently, sitting beside her. She looked sickly- her skin was so pale it was nearly translucent, her eyes exhausted and her hands bony. She'd lost a lot of weight. “I heard you were sick. What happened?”
There isn't an excuse that makes it okay, not drunkenness, nor substance, or misunderstandings. Sherlock, in this story, would not be able to forgive or recover in 6 months. He wouldn't be able to look at John without flinching. There's no resolution to be had except maybe, hopefully, that Sherlock and John would talk like adults and decide that they'd part ways. That would be the best ending. The cleanest and least painful on both parties.
John's hands were trembling with need and desperation as he helped Sherlock out of his trousers, leaving the dark-haired man dressed in nothing but his thin black boxers. John hovered over him in his black trousers, still half clothed, pushing him back onto the bed until he's edging back and John was inching forward, straddling him.
Sherlock nodded, throwing on his coat and dashing out the door. “Glad to!” he shouted over his shoulder as he dashed out of the flat and called for a cab. There was something different in him and even though he couldn't put a name to it, he knew something was shifting. He just wasn't sure if it was necessarily a good or bad thing. All he knew was that the night he'd spent with John had broken some type of dam in him and now he saw how starved of the world he really was; he wanted to throw himself into love and feel it wash over him until he could no longer breathe from underneath the weight of it all.
“You didn’t? It was a bog-standard curse, John.”
“I was on a run,” said John.
"No," she replied.  "And certainly none who've stayed a whole month.  The rest gave in after less than a week."
“It won’t do anything more exciting than that,” said Sherlock.
(”Come on, John. Let’s blow off a little steam.”)
“I didn’t realise I was supposed to be doing a remote autopsy during breakfast.” John picked up the first photo. “He’s got what? A broken arm…” John peered more closely. “…two broken arms, and I’ll bet that foot is broken too. He’s been beaten everywhere with something hard and heavy — a bat, maybe? Probably got a few broken ribs. That’s not to mention what they did to his face. His nose and jaw appear to also be broken and his head was hit so hard and so many times that I can only guess he was murdered somewhere else because his brains should be all over that wall.”
“You’re just now noticing?” asked John. “I’ve had a hard-on pressed against your hip for a quarter hour now.”
“Ready then?” asked Sherlock. He was sitting in his usual chair.
Sherlock nodded.
“In a minute. First, I’d want to bury my face in the crook of your neck — kiss you there and breathe you in.”
“I fail to see why you think I’d want it
“Sherlock said they always got caught in the fog by mistake. I’m the only one to just…” He made his fingers walk across the table. “…right on in.”
The pocket dimension was still shrinking.
“You said you’d rub yourself against me,” John reminded Sherlock before going back to teasing his nipple.
“He knows I don’t have friends,” muttered Sherlock.
“I am not.” Sherlock looked meaningfully at the case on the mantel. “I gave you an out.”
“I wondered. It seemed rather odd — you being a doctor and all.”
“Yeah, I’d love to.”
“Uh… not that I’ve seen, you don’t.”
“John,” he sighed, never opening his eyes.
“Dinner’s in an hour, but you’ll have to come downstairs for it. I’m not your housekeeper.” She closed the door more quietly this time.
“Yeah,” John said quietly.
“So you’re gay?”
Apparently, whatever “sooner or later” was, it wasn’t an increment of time measured in minutes.
“You’re the one with the experience,” countered Sherlock.
“Friend?” said Sherlock, looking horrified by the very idea.
“It would be useless to even hazard a guess before I’ve seen the evidence,” said Sherlock.
“I swore I’d be back by
“If I ever come across a suitable candidate, I’ll keep that in mind.”
“I loathe magic,” said Sherlock. “Reason and observation are much more reliable.”
“I’d kiss you again — longer this time. I’d brush your lip with my tongue to see if you’d open your mouth for me.”
Mrs. Hudson chuckled and left it at that.
The sight of it shocked John enough to cut his fuse.
John quickly washed down his last bite of toast with a swig of tea and went into the sitting room.
“A walk it is then,” and with that, Sherlock went to the closet and pulled out a dark, woollen trench coat and a shorter, more military-style jacket which he offered to John.
But the signal was dead again.
That could be…
with it.”
John suspected that if he could have watched, this would have seemed annoyingly frivolous.
The woman turned and, bypassing a set of stairs, led him down a narrow hall. He followed her into what turned out to be a kitchen. And what an odd kitchen it was. The walls were covered in huge yellow flowers and the linoleum floor was printed to look like a kelim rug. The cupboards were green, and the small table had chrome-plated legs. There was a tiny white electric hob and a refrigerator so old that the compressor sat on top of it. In the corner was a little shelf full of china cocker spaniels. The room was cozy — inviting, even — but he was sure nothing in it was fewer than thirty or forty years old except for the glass kettle which the woman seemed to be examining as if she regretted throwing out the instructions.
“Really? Once upon a time?”
“I don’t know the details,” she replied. “I just know that he’s always had the Sight. I gather that he solved a few cases no one else could because he was able to see the hand of the Fae in them. Eventually, he earned a reputation in certain circles, and it… ‘snowballed’ from there.”
and then just waltz in here wearing clothes that cost more than my goddamn car, tell me fuck-all about where you’ve been or what you’ve been doing, heat up a couple tins of soup, and act like
Sherlock was very near the bottom of the stairs.
Since Sherlock was clearly disinclined to be more forthcoming, John simply threw the mysterious line on the pile of other mysteries he’d probably never solve.
“Sherlock,” said John, running down the street.
me here.”
Sherlock had said that if the curse was broken, they’d all be free to go. That seemed like a rather positive outcome — one that Moriarty would have tried to prevent. So what were the conditions of the curse?
Almost immediately, all other sounds died away except for the slow click of his own footsteps punctuated by the dull thud of the tip of his cane on the…
"Right.  He knew they'd draw the most obvious conclusion, and when it finally dawned on someone that the victim might be Fae, they'd get me involved.  And I would naturally come to the conclusion that he and Merryweather were one and the same.  The only person who could connect him to Merryweather, the only person who knew Merryweather had anything to do with any of it was The Woman — and he framed her for the murder.”
“Yes, that Aura of Phobos thing. It keeps almost everyone out. Usually, they end up here because they weren’t paying attention. The last one, a girl of about twenty, was actually reading a book as she walked. There was one memorable young chap who was startled by an air-raid siren during the war. Only nine years old, poor thing. I kept him here in the kitchen, eating biscuits and toast with jam until I figured the raid was over. Then I sent him on home. Well,
“What if he hadn’t been allowed to punish you?”
“…Lestrade is going to find what, exactly?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Protecting the holder from the iron and allowing him room to stand back for the man swinging the bat?”
Is that what Sherlock meant by doing what he pleased with the life he considered his own? Had he tried to commit suicide? Is that why the syringe was on the mantle? To remind him of how he’d ended up cursed?
Sherlock had probably always stood out — taller than average, with an unusual, but attractive face. It was telling what Moriarty had chosen to either leave alone or exaggerate.
he thought.
“Get on with it then, would you?”
“He’ll be at the heart of the enchantment,” said Mrs. Hudson. “Hurry, there’s no time left!”
John felt a fire kindle in his chest. He was angry, but not the dangerous kind of angry — he hoped — just a burn-away-the-deadfall sort of angry, not a demolish-the-whole-damn-forest sort.
John had no idea if Sherlock was referring to the kissing or the brilliant things his fingers were doing to John’s cock.
“There’s something you don’t know anything about?”
“Hey. Got ring from old army mate in the Hebrides. Wants company. Service is spotty here. Don’t worry if you don’t hear from me.”
“Yes. Yes, of course.”
Sherlock looked up at John and wrinkled his nose at the stupidity of this question. “Blackmail her? Blackmail her clients? Both, probably. He was a crook. His crimes were so egregious, he’d been banished from Faerie. They think cheating humans is very clever, but do it once too often to one’s fellows, and they’ll stop being amused.”
“That shade of green really brings out the blue of your eyes.”
John sighed. “It’s Sherlock.”
As Sherlock’s overtures toward engagement went, this was probably the nicest — certainly better than autopsy photos at breakfast.
As he continued up the stairs, John realised that he sincerely hoped that was true.
John ran his hands down the lapels of Sherlock’s dressing gown until he found the belt tying it shut. He fumbled with the bow for a moment, but finally figured it out. He laid his hands on Sherlock’s chest and pushed the robe open a little before reaching under it and skating his hands along Sherlock’s ribcage until his arms were mostly under the dressing gown, his hands pressing into the flesh of Sherlock’s waist. He tucked his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder and breathed. As he’d predicted, the garment had trapped some of the scent of Sherlock’s body — mostly the musky scent of male skin, but there was also a hint of something clean and herbal –
Out in the fog, they walked in silence. John had braced himself against the possibility of conversation, then began to long for it, but it never came. There was only the soft slap of John’s shoe-leather and the dull clop of Sherlock’s hooves.
“Firm? Soft? Fast? Slow?”
“No. I don’t think so anyway.”
John grinned. “You’re a lifesaver,” he said.
John knew this was another clue — another breadcrumb in the trail Sherlock was leaving for him. The trail John was too thick to follow. It was like trying to create a forgery of an old master with nothing more than a semester of Art Appreciation.
He poured water into his mug and put a piece of bread into the toaster before returning to the sitting room.
Sherlock went on. “I can open a door for you to leave, but it requires much, and I don’t know how long I could hold it open for you to come back.
Sherlock stared at John, lips parted as if he’d completely forgotten that breath was unnecessary. “John—”
“I know.”
“Not good?” John asked.
“Why would he do such a thing?” asked John.
John glanced toward the stairs, trying to gauge if he had the time to ring 999 and relate the situation to the dispatcher. The wallpaper on the landing was peeling. The bathroom door was gone.
“You haven’t reached climax.”
Sherlock said nothing for a few moments. When he did, his voice came from just around the corner.
“A faerie? Yes, very good, Doctor.”
“Maybe,” said John. “Maybe I’m a little cool. If I were down there, I really would untie your dressing gown and slip my arms inside and wrap them around you. Warm myself.”
John drew a breath, thinking of all the bodies he’d lain his own beside, and he almost spoke up. Then he remembered how many of those bodies had belonged to people who didn’t really know anything about him, or vice versa, and changed his mind.
“Do you plan to just leave me hanging?”
“I’d… erm… I’d start with a simple kiss — short and… chaste — mouths closed. Then I’d check to see if that was… well-received.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but aren’t most criminals trying to keep their crimes a secret from the authorities?”
“Yeah,” said John. “Tonight?”
“Care to spell it out for me?”
“Reason?” said John. “Compassion. The fact that you’re a good man.”
“Sherlock?” said Harry. “What kind of name is Sherlock?”
“Please,” he begged.
John fixed them both a vegetarian fry up.
And lying across that bed with his hooves drawn up... was Sherlock.
He took a breath and walked to the other side of the bed. He tugged the drawer open.
“Cocaine,” said Sherlock, lingering slightly over the word.
“No.”
“God, John… you—”
He looked at the wardrobe again. There was a drawer below the closet. He yanked it open. Shoes.
Sherlock bent and kissed him. “Three days, John. 72 hours — no more. I can’t hold the door open any longer than that.”
“You have a mate in the what???!!!!!!????? Who????!!!!!????”
“I’m so glad you approve.”
Sherlock sighed. “A faerie can imbue an object with a spell keyed to a certain word of power, and the person who wishes to use the spell says that word and the spell goes off.”
“Like we are now — one hand holding my bollocks and the other on my prick.”
A feral, excited utterance more powerful and far more arousing than any dream.
“Christ! John!”
“The imprint's of a choke chain. It was found with his clothing. I believe his assailants were using it to restrain him,” said Sherlock.
The door to his room was open. Inside he could see the bed he’d slept in for the last few months and the familiar wallpaper with the skylarks.
“After that? Oh, dear.” Mrs. Hudson bit her lip. “I can’t send you home once you’ve spent the night. I’m so sorry. You seemed content, and there’s really been no one else who…”
He closed his eyes and tried to think of an answer because he knew Sherlock was going to ask again.
“I can’t imagine why I never came out to you.”
“There were athletes, surely?” asked John, knowing damn-well there were.
Sherlock looked away again. “You’re an idiot.” His voice was thick with… something. John was pretty sure it wasn’t disgust at his idiocy though.
“—And take me back to your room and ravish me?”
Sherlock smiled. “You really should get a shoulder holster. Keeping it in your pocket does dreadful things to the line of your suit.”
. I didn’t expect to be absent from the mundane world quite so long, mind you. I’m not sure I’ll recognise it when I get back.”
John saw where this was going. “Yeah.”
“If by ‘changes things’ you mean it makes it so you can’t just compartmentalise it and pretend it’s not real whenever it suits you — sure, I know what you mean.”
“Perhaps?” Sherlock scowled at a spot on the floor about two feet to the right of John’s chair. “It wasn’t like her, but if cornered, people are liable to do any number of things.”
“And the third?”
“Are your nipples sensitive?” asked John.
halts the subject’s metabolic processes, leaving them… somewhat alive for as long as a counter spell isn’t administered.”
They both knew why John hadn’t slept last night. It had nothing to do with his dreams and everything to do with finding out that Sherlock’s tail was indeed sensitive.
As it turned out, there was a first-aid kit in the bathroom. John used the contents to clean and bandage the wound, making a mental note to damage his non-dominant hand next time.
And again.
“No,” said Sherlock. “And even if I had…” He appeared to be weighing several alternatives for ending that sentence. “…it wouldn’t have been worth the trouble.”
He didn’t like not knowing what form danger might take or from where it might come.
“Well, since you have so much free time, you won’t mind looking into something for me.”
John stood to go. He didn’t mind obeying Sherlock’s not-so-subtle demand to be left alone. It was, after all, put far more politely than Sherlock’s usual demands. Perhaps that’s what troubled John. Sherlock was redirecting him, and John wondered from what.
John rolled his eyes.
“You’re bleeding,” said Sherlock from where he now stood beside the kitchen table.
“I don’t, I’m afraid. The first I heard of that one was when he came here to drag poor Sherlock before the Court. He’s mad though. I can tell you that.”
“So, maybe it was another faerie who wanted him dead?”
Sherlock slammed the door shut on the refrigerator and strode over to the mantel.
John and Sherlock do some things.
“I’m detecting sarcasm.”
“Nope,” yelled Sherlock over the music.
“I see.”
“John? Are you there?”
Once again, he found himself lying back on the stairs, catching his breath after an orgasm. He grabbed his shirt and mopped up.
“Someone else does the shopping, eh?”
“More magic?” asked John, irritated at the idea of constantly being at a disadvantage.
And John Watson, letting this last revelation sink in.
“Wait. If Moriarty really did die though, the rest of the Fae would just let you and Mrs. Hudson rot here?”
Sherlock hesitated. “Yes.”
John laughed too. “A little better, I suppose.”
A walk it was then. John took the jacket and followed Sherlock down the stairs.
“If you ask me to let you go, I will,” said Sherlock.
, I guess you’ll just have to find the exit on your own.”
“It means that Irene Adler had nothing to do with killing him. It was Sonia Miller.”
Now, as he sat down at the only clear spot on the kitchen table with his mug of tea and his buttered toast, his cane dangling from the edge of the table to his right, he wondered if Sherlock was planning to just exile himself to the back of the flat for the duration of John’s stay.
“No, John. I’m playing the sousaphone.”
, John thought.
True suffering was loving someone who didn’t love you back.
“I’m—”
“I do,” said John, moving his leg slightly to find a more comfortable position. The coat of hair that covered Sherlock from the waist down had become ruffled and was prickling the inside of John’s thigh distractingly. “I just didn’t realise there was quite so much energy involved. It seems like a lot of trouble to go through just to punish someone for not saying ‘Thank you.’”
“You’ll be fine. Just take it easy for awhile. You’ve got plenty of food, and all your wash is done up.”
“You… you can’t
“It is quite the tale, isn’t it?” said Mrs. Hudson.
Sitting atop the pile of peelers, graters, rubber tubing, and rusty forceps was a box of nicotine patches.
But the words had barely registered with John. It was the quality of that voice that had caught all his attention. He couldn’t quite put his finger on why, but the voice was almost… unnatural. This Sherlock person had spoken quietly, but his voice had filled the room as if it were tuned to a frequency that made the air vibrate with more sympathy than normal voices did — as if the words had issued from one of those wooden console record players that people of John’s grandparents’ generation had once kept in their parlors, the kind that resonate like the body of a piano. The sound sent a shiver up John’s spine much the same way that his first glimpse of the fog had.
“It was a long time ago. Opportunities for women in higher education were not what they are now.”
“Could you stop? I’m… I’m close.”
John sprinted to the tube station, barely catching the train.
“Are you… tumescent?”
Sherlock just rolled his eyes and moved down the bed until he was crouched between John’s thighs. He rubbed his horns against the sensitive skin on the inner side of each one and took John’s cock into his mouth without further ado.
Downstairs, the wall above the sofa was plastered with photos of rooms decorated in what was once the cutting edge of modern fashion — white walls and dark wood furniture with bright cushions that were probably sitting in a museum somewhere a room or two over from Sherlock’s chair. It looked like something from
Like the bedroom, the bathroom looked simple and homely — white porcelain, black and white tiles, an old clawfoot tub — but everything worked a little too perfectly, was just a little too spotlessly clean. The towels were thick and fluffy, the soap creamy and scented with something light and woodsy, the water flowed at the perfect temperature and pressure. Even the mirror was hung at exactly the correct height to frame John’s face.
She glared at him.
“What do you mean ‘ready?’ You thought I knew how?” asked John.
John slipped the mobile into his pocket and went for his run. It rang just as he was coming back to 221B.
Harry ended up sleeping for the next five hours while John shopped, did two loads of wash, and cleaned the tub in case Harry wanted a bath later.
John could actually hear him pouting.
“Thank you, and please don’t ever mention my butt again.”
“Who says you can’t?”
Sherlock shook his head. “I told you — I don’t know. I have no solid evidence that points to any particular motive. If I went around following hunches and allowing my biases to colour my perceptions, I’d be no better than the idiots who think they know exactly what happened based on the most lurid and titillating possible narrative. Still — if he hadn’t trusted her, she couldn’t have betrayed him. He was too powerful for her to overcome otherwise.”
“Like this.” And with that, Sherlock pushed back until John was two knuckles deep before driving his cock against John’s again.
“I promise you I’m not.”
“Establishing an alibi,” remarked John.
“No.”
But his guard was down. It had become so automatic — music, dressing gown, slippers, stair — that John was still half-asleep by the time he was seated. The fact that they couldn’t see each other only added to the isolated, dreamlike quality of the conversations.
Sherlock didn’t gasp for breath, of course. His chest and lips, well-kissed though they were, didn’t turn pink.
Sherlock hung up the phone.
“Well, apparently it’s not foolproof, is it?” He laughed at his own joke, and to his surprise, Sherlock joined him.
— a movie they’d both loved when they were teenagers.
“It was all unexpected, John.”
The light. It was wrong. He’d set the alarm for seven-thirty so he’d have time to take care of any last-minute things that Harry needed. If it hadn’t gone off yet, it shouldn’t be so bright outside.
“Morning, Sherlock,” he said, looking around for the source of the voice.
“What’re you going to do?”
John ran up the steps.
It wasn’t a heartening thought even if he hadn’t much to get back to — a dreary bedsit, Harry’s intermittent attempts to engage him, and an appointment with his therapist in a week’s time. This was… likely some variety of nervous breakdown, actually, but the key word there was “variety.”
“I suppose I’d kiss you back.”
John sat up and pulled the blanket off Sherlock’s lower body. With the exception of the time his robe had come undone, he’d never allowed John to see him below the waist.
“Oh,” she said. “Didn’t mean to wake you.”
“Not exactly.” She picked up the kettle and poured a bit of the almost-boiling water into a china teapot. She set the kettle back on its base and switched it on again. “That’s not the real Baker Street. It’s a copy, and not a very good one either. This building is real, but no longer a part of the mundane world, I’m afraid.”
He pictured Sherlock in silhouette — human-sized and dwarfed by his dressing-gown — swaying with the music he was making.
Sherlock’s head peeked around the corner, followed by the rest of him — his dressing gown tied firmly closed.
“You have the whole world to choose from now, John. Are you sure?”
“For what?”
“It was designed to be impossible.”
Sherlock loved to talk about the Merryweather case except when he didn’t. Today, however, he seemed eager to bounce his thoughts off his audience of one.
“I suppose I do admire her,” said Sherlock. “She’s smart, resourceful… and unapologetic.”
“The reason you never… had sex… Was it because of that? Because of the legal consequences?”
“You’re what?”
John nodded. “You are a madman, and a bit of an arrogant prick.” Sherlock’s eyes widened in outrage, and John smiled at him. “And a genius, and kind-hearted—”
Sherlock straightened, dropping his paw to his side. “You confound me.”
“That didn’t really matter to the Fae, of course. Any humans, Fae blood or not, who entered such an establishment knew they were at a disadvantage, and no one was forcing them to play. But Sherlock brought forth another faerie who declared that she’d lost a favourite brooch to Orson when playing in his club. That changed their tune — they declared that Orson was guilty of cheating and that any and all debts incurred in his establishment were null and void. I was free to go. But Jonathon, in the meantime, had thrown himself into the Thames. When all his other debts were settled, I was left with nothing but this house.”
The spray from the shower was cool and needle-sharp — just the way John like it of course, but he was coming to expect that. What he hadn’t expected was that his underwear would disappear while he was bathing, to be replaced by a tartan dressing gown and a pair of slippers.
He woke, breathing hard and sweating.
He gasped and flung his hands out into the dark.
“World’s only consulting detective,” John reminded him, “for 150 or so years.”
the injured fucking party!”
Whatever— he could puzzle that out later.
he's gone.
Sherlock didn't really know anymore, and frankly he was glad for it. Ignorance was bliss, as the common people said. He never agreed with it before, but now...
John remained silent.
[Of course I have. :D] Victor replied.
You bent your knee in worship, but your knees ached
not seeing the wounds.
Mycroft's expression was unreadable, but there was something in his eyes that John couldn't quite decipher. A deep sadness, coming from someone who had lived for many years and had seen everything there was to see- murder, war, genocide, rape, the rise and fall of his brothers, empires being turned into dust- and John suddenly understood. He didn't enjoy it, but as the king of the gods now that his father had been locked away, he had a duty and couldn't interfere. He was the watcher, the observer, to make sure that humans would not tear themselves to shreds behind his back. He knew everyone's destiny and could not lift his hand to stop it.
John's deep blue eyes stared into Sherlock's, darkness and anger swirling in them. Sherlock's mind palace supplied him with a quote that didn't exactly calm his nerves.
Victor Trevor]
This kiss was not a declaration of love. It was a marking, a claim of ownership, a fight for dominance though Sherlock was not trying to fight anymore.
Neither one acknowledged it when Sherlock pulled away from the touch, placing his hands in his coat instead.
Mycroft merely stared at him for a few long seconds, before shaking his head. John distinctly remembered the way Mycroft had stared into his eyes, and it felt like he was being dissected down to the atom, a dancing darkness in his grey eyes.
“Why is it that you're not interested?” John asked, looking up at Sherlock with concerned and imploring blue eyes and something in Sherlock-
The sob that left his throat burned and it felt like there wasn't enough oxygen on Earth to support him and his shattering soul. It felt like something was ripping inside of him, breaking and fraying and burning. He didn't know why he was crying, it was a stupid emotional response, but he knew that it all just hurt
It was there Mike Stamford found him, and it was there the story truly began.
“John? John is- John is John. He's fine. He's back to working at the clinic.” Greg hummed at Sherlock's words, his silence disconcerting. The silence was enough to suffocate someone, the tension palpable. They stared at each other, and it was all Sherlock could do not to flinch away from the look he'd often been on the end on throughout his relationship with the older man. Greg had, after all, learned to watch out for his
by your side all the time. We're not getting younger, it might be time for you to try to find someone to settle down with as well.”
every single thought that runs through your head.
They were silent for a few seconds, before Sherlock broke it. “I do love him still, I admit that. But I also wish that we could... go back to what we were. Would you- Can we- Do you want to go and take a walk around the city?” Victor stared at him for some time, before at last he nodded, though his eyes were woeful before it passed quick as it came and he beamed at Sherlock. They left the coffee shop, and they laced their fingers together as they walked.
reflects his struggle of having the insight and knowledge to tear nations into dust,
and the sun will not blind you to your love for him.
you can safely say no other man had done before.
(See the end of the chapter for
Horrified and speechless, John could only stare back at Sherlock as he fought to get a handle on his emotions. Wide eyes watched him as he bit his lip to keep from breaking down further. “Sherlock.” John's voice was tight, small, and his own tears glistened as he realized the extent of what he'd done. “Oh my god. Sherlock. Sherlock, I'm sorry. I don't under- I don't remember- I can't- what
John nodded as if he didn't hear what Sherlock had said. “I'll pack my things- and no, Sherlock, don't argue with me, please- I'll leave. I'll leave, and I'll give you time to recover from what happened. I don't think my presence will do much to make you feel safer or better about it. If there's anything I know about, it's trauma, and I really think that you need some time away from... me.”
quiet. The type of quiet that could make your ears ring and hearts pound with fear from the unknown and unseeable; there was something
John canted his head. “Yes, but I'm sure you're growing tired of having
“Psychosomatic, yes sir, I know. I came here for my sister,” John interrupted, his knee already aching. He kept his eyes fixed on the ground, trying to ignore the way the wind seemed to spin around the entire room. “Harriet Watson. She was cursed, I believe. Everyone suspects black magic. No potion or spell has been able to help her thus far.”
His wings are colored in shades you've never imagined,
Sherlock crossed his arms, hugging himself. “If this time away doesn't work? Would you come back?”
. Alcohol plus touch deprivation equals need and human impulses once his self restraint and control was reduced by the alcohol.
Greg huffed a laugh, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, well, take care. I guess I'll go visit Mrs Hudson and have a chat with her instead then. I have some cases for you as well, if you'd take them.”
He was grieving someone who was alive.
and you, a mortal, a dreamer, kept on collecting the droplets to sell
Mycroft stepped forward, outstretching his hand. Hesitantly, John gave his left one as well, and Mycroft looked at it closely. “Remarkable. We've not had one in years. Sherlock has certainly never had one in his short existence yet. You must go to him, as soon as you can.”
cannot die because you fell in love with a god and his touch is divine.
It was quiet.
Caught between numbness and anguish, Sherlock let out a choked laugh, which sounds horrible and broken even to his own ears. “We got home after you saw me and the client getting
Your blood is red, useless, common,
“I'm not interested.”
him. “Why do you come here to ask for my favor? If you wish for me to heal your leg, I must tell you, it is only-”
His screams echo from the walls of the castle, but the thunder outside drowns it out.
He still didn't understand exactly what was wrong, but that night cold sweat enveloped his entire body and his heart tried to fly free from his chest. A piece of him wished that it managed to, so perhaps the pain would go away just for a little while and he could stop staring at the locked door and staring at the light that streamed in from underneath it to track for movement.
Sherlock looked at Victor, wondering how he could possibly explain the way things had unfolded between them. “It's a long story,” he sighed. “And it is an unfortunate one. He is, I will admit, someone I care about deeply, but things have... not gone as they should have.”
scar in the middle of Sherlock's solar plexus that was still obvious against the rest of his pale skin. “I fucking love you, you bastard.”
He didn't remember. He didn't remember a single bloody thing.
[I'm listening.] was the message that Sherlock received and he couldn't bite back the smile on his face.
“Your map will be given to you within a days' time. You have until then to decide if you're going to take up this task.”
It reminded Sherlock of the way his own mother looked when he came home with a bruise on his cheek that one time in tenth grade. His mum had thrown quite a fit over it, saying that she didn't pay for his education just so he could come home with a bruise, but he just laid on his bed and didn't acknowledge anything anyone said. Mycroft made his way into Sherlock's room that night, sitting at the desk and nonchalantly reading a book. “Alexander Klyn, grade 11?” he asked finally, and Sherlock nodded into his pillow.
It was just what could be expected from such a god.
“John,” Sherlock corrected on instinct, then, softly. “His name is John Watson.”
Sherlock was a god born into a time he didn't belong in
and his halo cuts you when you dare to touch him.
Greg let out a soft breath. “How's John, Sherlock?”
to dedicate myself to our shared passion: arts and literature, and so I accepted my father's offer to let me finish uni in America.
Mycroft was silent for a few seconds, contemplative. “Why should I heal her?” he asked, though his voice was not as cold or distasteful as John remembered from his childhood. It was softer, gentler, carrying the softness of curiosity one might find in a child.
And that was the end of the conversation, and Sherlock breathed a little better just knowing that Greg was there, just a bit out of reach, ready to help him and hold him if he needed it. For the moment he settled for climbing into the shower and trying to scrub the dirt out of his skin, rubbing until he was red and raw and until he was sure that none of the dirt was still on his skin. When he laid down to sleep though, he could still feel it, the dirtiness, wriggling underneath his skin. He closed his eyes until he managed to fall asleep, waking in the morning with a weariness in his bones and eyes.
He had given up on fighting ever since the morgue.
So please, forgive me for not being a man enough to be able to stand up against my fathers wishes. I hope you view this with a mercy. I would love to be able to see you once again, William. I have missed you these years. It's been many years, far too many for me to assume anything would come of this, but I do still consider us friends and I hope you would take some time to meet up with an old friend now that I'm back in London. 07700 900248 is my number if you want to drop me a line.
and you will live forever alongside your beloved.
If his body was meant to be a temple, then who was it dedicated to?
There's nothing poetic about rape. Nothing but raw suffering that leaves you hollow in the cold of the night and steals away your smiles.
and didn't understand why you felt so dizzy,
These were all the things John Watson had learned about Mycroft during his childhood, things taught at school and told to him by his parents. John had only been to Mycroft's temple once when he was a child, when his father was trying to bargain for his mother's life, but the god- who came to them in his human form, as he usually did with mortals- merely cocked his head and said what he said to the unfortunate ones.
In the end there was nothing but the ashes left from the fire.
Sherlock didn't want Greg to come over and find out. Greg, who could take one look at him and know when he was using or when he was about to start using. Greg, who was the only person aside for Mycroft who seemed to be able to understand him without him needing to say a single word. Greg, who would probably start asking questions that Sherlock wouldn't know how to answer when he saw the state of Sherlock. Yet, a small part of him wanted Greg to come over, not to speak to but to hold onto, because when he was in Greg's arms, Sherlock could always feel Greg's feet holding the both of them up.
He left his room just as Greg entered the flat. “Hey, going somewhere?”
Mycroft sighed. “It is not my place to say.
Sherlock was horrified to find that his when he read the text, his vision was blurry with tears. He forced himself to breathe past the burning in his chest and the tightening in his throat. It was fine, he was fine. Nothing was wrong.
“John,” Sherlock whispered, “I could have fought back. I
He finished his schooling and reached a level 7 with his studies, majoring in healing and battle magic, then signed up to fight in a war he didn't really know anything about. He was young, but he would be losing nothing by fighting in Afghanistan. Or so he thought. He was hit with a cursed bullet that left him in some hospital bed, and the doctors told him he wasn't fit for the job anymore. So he was sent back to London- sick, miserable and on a pension. He spent his first few days in an inn, feeling a bit more cheerful surrounded by people as drunk and stupid as he was, gambling some of his money away.
, he didn't. He felt physically sick at the thought of being alone with nothing to keep his mind from wandering deep into the unknown and return with only a deep sense of hopelessness and heartache. The flat's shadows ominously stared at Sherlock and if he stopped his breathing for long enough, he could almost feel the way the entire flat
Beautiful, elegant, but threatening and imposing.
His eyes, resplendent with color and devouring light with their intensity
[Dearest William,
Mycroft walked forward, standing in front of him, and John noted his pin-striped suit first. They were woven with what looked like pure darkness, shimmering as he stood there, the light almost... avoiding it. He didn't have much time to ponder on what type of fabric sunlight itself feared when Mycroft spoke to him again. “Your honesty... Quite brave, Doctor Watson. I suppose it's to be expected from a soldier such as yourself. Though, you must admit that bravery is simply the kindest word for stupidity, particularly when you are standing before a god.”
“Probably be moving from town to town. London's too expensive on someone with an army pension and nothing else. I doubt Harry'll help me much. She's already having some trouble with finances- what, with her book shop and all.” There was something in Mike's eyes then, and John didn't know what it was but it made something in him grow suspicious. Mike had and always will be a horrible liar. “What?”
Perhaps they'd had too much too drink.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I'm afraid to say I haven't had much luck in the romance department. Do you still try to seduce people with your go-to piece, Debussey's Clair de Lune?” Sherlock smiled, his eyes sparkling with the light of a hundred stars.
He threw on a blue jumper he'd gotten a few years ago, a gift from Mrs Hudson during winter who insisted he wore something fit for the weather. It was before he had his Belstaff coat for armor, and he distinctly remembered wearing the jumper for days at a time when he was cold, both in body and heart. Then, after Greg pulled him out of yet another drug den, he was given both a Belstaff coat and an offer to work with the NSY and Sherlock clung tightly to the mask and armor and had neglected the jumper in favor of cold and detached suits.
Thanks for reading the story.
John slowly nodded. He'd heard of him before, spoken about in whispers during lunch or in the library as they read over texts. Nobody really mentioned him that often, because he was a young and restless god and he mostly kept to himself, neither helping nor hurting people he came across unless provoked. “Yes, sir.”
The thunder made him feel like somewhere above him, someone was breaking too.
“Uncomfortable?”
John stared right back. “What do you mean?” he asked, his voice low, confused but not enough so that he didn't know that the conversation had taken a turn. “How can someone possibly... forget?”
He wanted to be reckless, to let go of his inhibitions for once.
. Find yourself another woman that you can settle down with, though with your taste- one assassin, one doctor who dated you even after being abducted and nearly killed, and one librarian who was once a drug addict- yes a drug addict, believe me, it takes one to know one and I can read it off her easily- then perhaps it's better if you don't, spare the world a-”
Sherlock scowled, his brows knitting together as something crackled inside of his chest. He was so tired of playing this game, of pretending, of suffering alone. “Because sentiment is nothing more than a weakness, and I have been made aware of how devastating it truly can be. It's stupid to try and love when all you do won't be enough for the other person.” He stared directly into John's eyes, challenging him, trying to get a reaction from him for once. “Human beings are fickle when it comes to love and romance, I've learned. It's painfully easy for them to change their minds- the heart is an untamable creature, after all- and for some, it's even easy to forget they ever felt that way at all.”
“Your sister is healed, but she is not the worst of your problems.” John stared at him, knowing he should be joyful, but he knew there was something about to happen. Something ominous was lurking, ready to creep up on him and drag him downward into the bottom of the ocean. “It's time to choose a side, Doctor Watson. Something is coming, and you've been chosen to play a hand in it.”
Or if one day he'll finally believe you.
Sherlock ignored him. He picked up an ancient stick-style telephone, fitting the speaker part into the curve of his horn and letting it rest there while he spun the dial with his claw.
“Yes, but paper’s only good for one use. Triggering an enchantment generates heat — enough to burn up a sheet of paper or a scrap of fabric.”
John blinked back the image of the Sherlock from his nightmare. “I know you could. But you won’t.”
“And what was this one like?” asked John.
“He’s like a cat leaving dead mice outside your door?”
Sherlock lay on John, catching his breath. He shivered as John gently withdrew his finger and laid his hand against the eminantly cuppable curve of Sherlock’s arse. John brushed the curls back from Sherlock’s forehead with his clean hand. They lay like that for awhile, kissing occasionally.
They lapsed again into silence and the sounds of their footsteps reminded John of what Sherlock had said about being punished.
“Then I have no reason to know anything about them. And now I shall be forced to go to all the effort of forgetting them— Oh, for Christ’s sake!
“But… what if I didn’t want to stay?”
“Ndo! I’mb ndot okay! I have a case of the flu so bad they put mbe ind hospital! And ndow they’re kickind me out tomborrow!” There followed a coughing fit which John was pretty sure saved him from having to hear his sister’s “State of the NHS” diatribe. “Johnnnd,” she said once her diaphragm had calmed, “I ndeed you. I cand barely spoond soup indto mby mbouth and shuffle to the loo.”
“I’m a consulting detective. The only one, as far as I know.”
Sherlock usually emerged from his bedroom while John was having his breakfast. He didn’t dump any more photos of naked corpses next to John’s toast, thankfully, but he did ask the occasional bizarre question. Sometimes he just grunted what John assumed was some kind of greeting and went straight to the lounge to spend the rest of the day with the brass rose clutched between his paws.
“Well, you have a certain tone of voice when you talk about her.”
“Does it bother you?” asked John.
John took the key from her and fitted it into the lock.
Sherlock closed John’s robe over the mess on his stomach and tied the belt. Then he led John to the stair.
“I know the purpose of lube, thank you,” said Sherlock. “I’ve been meaning to run some tests on the various types.”
“Yeah,” said John, wiggling his little finger in one ear. “I got a bit distracted.”
“Flu. In hospital. Might die. All ur fault.”
Bedside tables.
“Here we are,” said John as he unlocked the door of Harry’s flat for her and dropped the hospital bag containing her dirty clothes onto a chair. He’d stopped here earlier to drop off his bag and pick up a fresh set of clothes for her before fetching her from the hospital.
“I had no idea,” said John. “I had to work it out over your unconscious body while the pocket dimension was collapsing around me.”
Until John had walked into the flat the second option was only slightly more likely than the first.
Inside was the familiar hallway, looking as though it had been abandoned over a century ago. Dust and cobwebs were everywhere, and the floor was covered in mouse droppings. At the end of the hall, he could see that the door to Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen had fallen off its hinges.
“So to speak. He’s the only person who can come and go freely from this place. How he managed the trick is anyone’s guess.”
And because it had been so long since he’d had any feeling at all that wasn’t anger, he became curious.
It had shaken John. He had been forced to revise his point of view on a number of things, but eventually he’d learnt to accept it even though he still shied away from revealing it to many.
“I suppose so.”
No wonder Sherlock was convinced that “romantic entanglement” was pure liability.
“What’s a space shuttle?”
John took the pillow off his face.
“He gives me plenty to do, most of it beneath my notice,” said Sherlock, using a claw to cut the tape sealing the package.
“But they left his arms free? I don’t see any marks at his wrists. He should’ve been fighting like the devil.”
Something that
They talked until it was John’s usual wake-up time both nights. On the third night though, lack of sleep caught up with John and he’d conked out within five minutes of orgasm.
“I discovered what had been done, but never why.”
“You’re not too cold?”
“Is that what you were working on when I came in?”
“Yes! Well!” said Mrs. Hudson, startling John, who had almost forgot she existed. She smiled cheerily at him. “Now that you’ve been introduced, I’ll just be going, shall I?” And without waiting for an answer, she left the flat, letting the door bang shut behind her.
“I’d probably like it if you bit my lip a little,” said Sherlock. “It would be a pleasant shock after you started so gently. My lip would be sensitive, full of blood from you sucking on it. I’d have your tongue and your breath in my mouth. Inside. I’d try to pull your tongue in further, hold it there. Taste it.”
,” replied Mrs. Hudson. “A high-stakes game with the owner, a full-blood faerie named Orson. He should’ve known better. He
“The Fae, dear,” she said, putting a serving of the pudding on a plate and handing it to John. “He had a touch of the Gentry from his father’s side, and it gave him the Devil’s own luck. We were married for nearly a decade before I realised that he supported us entirely with his winnings. I’d thought him an independent gentleman…
“I mean… the sex is brilliant,” said John. “I just want…”
Sherlock set the book he’d been reading on the bedside table and wrapped an arm around John’s shoulder. And he stopped pretending that he needed to breathe.
“You better be.”
“In a minute.” John slid his hands across Sherlock’s collarbones and up his neck — which was quite the journey, John noted. He touched Sherlock’s ears — unremarkable, attached earlobes, a little sensitive judging by the breathy hitch that this exploration elicited. His fingertips were brushed by curls of silken hair and he surmised that Sherlock’s hair probably didn’t look very different in his human form than it did in his monstrous one. John touched Sherlock’s jaw and chin, stroked his mouth (which earned him a few more quickened breaths) and cupped his wide cheekbones. He ran his thumbs over Sherlock’s eyebrows and down the bridge of his nose. As far as he could tell, Sherlock’s face was unchanged from the face he was used to, except for being smaller in scale like his body
John thought.
“What’s a consulting detective?” asked John.
“It was a long time ago, and the blush came off the rose about the time I found out he’d been lying to me. Staking me in a card game was beyond the last straw. I’d probably be dancing my shoes through in some faerie hall in the Summerlands if it hadn’t been for Sherlock.”
“Forgive me. I should have said something, I know. I just figured… if you were unhappy… Sherlock would send you back himself.”
“Mmm,” Sherlock growled. “You stroke my thighs, smoothing the hair down and ruffling it back up. You push my knees apart — spread them wide so that you can put your hand between my thighs and cup my stones.”
“Sleep well?”
“A year spent watching telly?” said John, grinning at the thought.
“And a clever device it is too. I designed it myself. Naturally, it’s enchanted — I’m not using actual phone lines. The stem is made of tempered glass inside a vacuum-sealed steel tube — protection from the heat. The dial triggers one of three enchanted crystals. One contacts Graeme, the second contacts Mycroft. I’ve never used that one, but he insisted, and since he’s the one who procured the crystals, I had little choice.”
John crossed to the mantel and picked up the case. He took out the syringe and screwed the needle onto it. He took the vial in his other hand.
The sound of the violin filled the hall outside the bathroom. He towelled off quickly and put on his dressing gown and slippers. He opened the medicine cabinet, willing the item he wanted to be there.
‘Yes, but don’t let that fool you. The game is deadly serious.”
“Alright.” John crawled across the bed to get the lube. He put a generous helping of it in his hands and warmed it. Then, taking Sherlock’s massive organ in both hands, he began getting it thoroughly wet.
“I had a certain reputation for visiting… pleasure houses, I suppose one might say.”
“And how did he get involved with the Fae?” asked John. “Do you know?”
, thought John.
Jane knew right from wrong.  It was the men who had frequented the bawdy house, the men who had treated the women there like animals, that should be sent to the prison treadmills.  Mr. Holmes and Dr. Watson did nothing wrong in loving each other, and she would happily keep this secret for her gentlemen.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips disapprovingly. “Running for the sake of amusement isn’t something we did in my day.”
“But if you tell me, you’ll have to kill me?”
With that, Sherlock clopped back to the kitchen. John watched him disappear into the darkness and heard a distant door closing rather ungently.
John ended the call and went to find Sherlock.
“But not completely alive,” said John. “They’d be like you — no heartbeat, no need to eat…”
“Okay — goodnight.”
, before walking on and forgetting about the fog entirely a few minutes later.
“He’d likely have gone right ahead and done what he wanted, and damn the consequences.”
, thought John.
Somewhere along the line, they’d at least learned to walk away from it.
“You don’t know that my neck is gorgeous,” said Sherlock.
“The baby was not much to look at, and certainly not personable, but he was smart – Yes, by my standards – so he had that going for him.
Sherlock harrumphed.
“That’s it,” said John. “Put your cock by mine.”
shagging him, aren’t you?”
Harry followed him.
“Friends.” Sherlock shook his head. “The Fae don’t have friends. They have people they can use. Merryweather, in particular, was a piece of work. Disguising himself as someone’s husband for his own entertainment was typical of him, really. Putting a spell on Mr. Miller to get him out of the way for a little while was short-sighted, but also typical. Merryweather was incredibly stupid. If I had to hazard a guess, I’d say that Sonia Miller had enough of the Sight to see through his disguise and enough knowledge of folklore to devise a suitable revenge.”
“Within reason, of course,” she said. “Just look where you’d expect it to be. It’ll probably be there.”
“How’s the Merryweather case going?” he asked.
“Humans can learn to bend Magic, so long as they can find a way to access the Source,” said Sherlock as if that were obvious. “Or they can simply be given a spell.”
