Dean insisted that they “dress nice” because they had a reason to celebrate. So that’s why both of them are dressed in their best clothes which consisted in somewhat presentable jeans and a relatively nice shirt.
And I know that you will still think that, no matter how often I tell you, so I implore you: please believe me. Nobody’s replacing  you. You’re perfect, Dean.
Sam was looking at the witch who just shook her head. “I’m afraid not, dear lad. Whatever I use for tracking needs to be a direct connection – if you hadn’t had that flower in your pockets the spell wouldn’t have worked.”
He slowly shook his head, not quite sure on how to answer. She rolled her eyes and sat herself down on a chair, perfectly postured, naturally.
Castiel smiled and squeezed Dean’s hand. “Thank you, Dean. You saying that means a lot to me. I – I have to go feed Edgar now, before he munches on Marian. They don’t like each other very much. I – call me later?”
“You know, Miracle,” he says while he’s collecting the dog poop. “You would’ve liked Cas. He makes me really happy, you know? Just like you do.”
Castiel bopped him on the nose. “That’s a bad idea, Dean.” He leaned forward and kissed him again. Yes, that was nice.
He heard ruckus in the store. It was nine pm, so he guessed some people wanted to buy alcohol before heading to a party. He wondered what it was like, being at a party. They always laughed. Maybe he should consult the TV. It always seemed to have answer for life’s pressing question.
Jack thinks you’re a star. You, of all people! No matter how grand the stories were you told him of the stars, he never deterred. He must’ve seen how much greater your stories were, no? But it seems like with every story you told, the greater his belief grew. Maybe, in a few years, if this holds up – maybe you could start to believe. It would certainly be a turn of events – a pebble turned into a star. You huff quietly. Now, wouldn’t that be ridiculous?
It was after twelve now and it was dark. He had turned off the TV and now there was just quiet music playing. He didn’t know if it was a radio station or not.
He did. Fuck, he was shaking a little. Castiel was tracing his fingertips over Dean’s torso and he wanted more. “Please...” He didn’t even know what he was asking for.
You taught me I can choose my own destiny. That I can choose my own path. And you told me that I will forever be loved, no matter what. And you did. No matter what I did, you loved me. You loved me unconditionally, and I never appreciated it. I took it for granted but then I realised – you were never loved like that. You were never – you were never told that you are loved. But I do.
Castiel turned his head to blink at Rowena. “Hm? Oh. Yeah, I guess. I’m really fascinated by magic and I saw a documentary about this once. I’ve researched it myself after and I guess that’s where that comes from. I didn’t say anything wrong, did I?”
Dean was nervous. He’s gone on dates with guys before, yeah, but... with Castiel, it felt different. It, weirdly, felt like the start of something that could last a long time. Dean wasn’t necessarily scared of a long-term relationship per se, but it’s been a while, and none of them had lasted very long. It had been hard to lose Lisa and Benny. They were still his friends, but things changed – and he didn’t want to lose Castiel like that.
Edgar kept screaming but now he landed on the blanket, clearly exhausted. He panted. “Castiel,” he panted, “gone!”
The Father stood up and went over to the kitchen counter, Edgar still in hand. Edgar heard him open a drawer and take something out. It was shiny. It was long and shiny. A knife. Edgar wiggled with more intent now. He didn’t want that knife so close to him.
Dean nodded. Yeah, he should do that. Sam was probably wondering where he had been for so long. Castiel kissed him and then left him for a second. Dean was catching his breath and then slowly stood up. He looked over to Castiel’s bed and he saw the stain he left there. Knowing it was Castiel’s bed made him feel a bit possessive. He should start leaving clothes here just so that Cas could wear them for others to see. Yeah, he should do that.
He let himself be dragged and hoped he’d make a good impression. He, too, hadn’t gone bowling in forever, but it was hard having a conversation while watching a movie. First of: what genre would Castiel even like? And then there’d be two hours of no talking. Dean never thought movies were a good, solid date idea. If he just wanted to bed them relatively easily? Yeah sure, then movies would work out. But a lasting relationship? Those were better started with conversation.
Dean was barely able to drive the car. He was very much inclined to just floor the gas and turn Baby into a low-flying plane just to get to Sam faster. But Castiel next to him kept reminding him that they’d be no help to Sam if they ended up as road kill. So he restrained himself, but it wasn’t easy. He could only imagine the pain Sam must be in right now. If they hurt his baby brother, he would kill them. Hell, he’d kill them anyway.
Her voice is soft. Dean likes the sound of it. Lisa is an incredible good person, way too good for him. He nods at her request.
Sam shook his head. “No, I just – I just had a question. How long do your flowers last, given the proper care? And how long do they live if you don’t really care for them at all?”
Castiel hummed behind him and Dean felt a fingertip pressing inside of him. He started to breathe a little more irregular and Castiel pressed a comforting hand onto his back. The finger pressed deeper inside of him and started moving a bit. Castiel rubbed his back and eventually, Dean was able to breathe somewhat steadily.
for a fact that that wasn’t the case. He reached out a finger and gently touched the petals. It almost felt like they preened at the contact. He couldn’t
Dean nodded and sat down on the blanket he brought. He didn’t have a real picnic-one, so this old thing would have to do. The basket he’d burrowed from some old lady with the promise of helping her with her network cable. Castiel sat down next to him and beamed. Damn, he was too pretty.
Castiel’s finger ghosted over Dean’s dick and he squirmed. His dick was bobbing; and already leaking. He didn’t know why Castiel had to do so little to get so much of a reaction.
You just nod. So Dean is here as well. And judging from Jack’s expression, the boy seems to get along well with the brothers. So maybe... maybe Jack could stay with them after he’s left? They’d take good care of Jack. He’d grow up to be a star just like them; and then he’d forget about you.
Castiel stood in the middle of the room, right in front of the window. He wasn’t facing the door Dean just slammed open and everything was quiet. The room was dark; and Cas obstructed the only light source, illuminating him. That was an angel, right there, amidst the dead, because he killed them all. Dean looked at the ground. Around his feet, there were corpses, slaughtered. It reminded him too much of who he used to be and seeing it now, knowing the cause for it – it hurt.
“This entire time he could talk about nothing else but you. Nothing was exciting if he couldn’t tell you. He was screaming blood and murder whenever Sam had to take him away from you.”
...oh. There was so much he should say, so many things he should explain. He didn’t know where to start. Should he talk about Kelly first? About how they met? Did that really matter after all these years anyway? Should he talk about the documents that he still had somewhere, hidden away, only for the sake of his mind? Should he talk about all the problems Kelly had faced during her pregnancy? Should he talk about how they knew she wouldn’t survive the birth but still insisted of carrying the child to term?
There was a low thump coming from his right. They all turned their heads and they saw Castiel lying on the floor, motionless. “Cas?”
He kicked the door closed and stumbled over to the sorry excuse for a mattress. His jeans have never felt more like a prison than right now and he was more than eager to get them off his ass. Dean stumbled them onto the bed and immediately started licking Castiel’s collarbone, rutting against the man.
that Cas let him do this. He quickly undid Castiel’s belt, opened his pants and tried to pull them down. He wasn’t that good at blowjobs, but he could be good enough. Or maybe he should start with a handjob. Yeah, he had more experience with that. “Dean, what are you doing?!”
Sam didn’t even look up. Did they shift when Rowena came in? He could almost swear that they did, but they
Castiel’s voice is quiet and flat and it breaks Dean’s heart. How did Cas ever see anything good in him? He’s done nothing but degrade the angel, again and again.
“When I told you that you’ve always been good, you didn’t believe me. You didn’t believe me because you can’t see yourself like others do – like I do.”
Despite his best attempts, he falls asleep. This time, nobody comes to prevent him from doing so. When he wakes up, he doesn’t know how late it is. He just knows that he feels worse than before. His back and shoulders are stiff now. That serves him right for falling asleep on a public bench.
. He was holding out some flowers to the man before him; a somewhat young fellow, maybe just out of his teenage years. He must be a bit younger than Sam and Dean had instant sympathy for him. The poor sod looked terribly sad and Dean hoped everything was alright with him. Even his clothes looked ratty. He adverted his gaze and looked at the flowers instead. That boy was none of his business, really. He wasn’t Dean’s concern and that’d be that.
“Boom!” Edgar shouted and Castiel shushed him. Dean didn’t even want to know what happened. Instead, he took his phone and sent a message to Sam, telling him he’d be staying with a friend tonight so Sam had to figure out food for himself.
“I’m sorry, Edgar,” Castiel said later. Edgar guessed that they were done planning for now and Castiel apparently remembered to feed and pamper him. “What did do?” Edgar asked as he flapped his wings. Castiel scratched his head absentminded. “It doesn’t matter, Edgar. No matter what happens you and I will always stay together, won’t we?”
“Stay with me tonight”, Dean whispered. He needed Cas to be with him until the end. He didn’t know how he’d cope after his friend was gone.
I do, and Sam does, and Dean does and so many more. You, of all people, deserve the world. And I’ll give it to you.
So that poses the question; does he stay here and wait, or does he leave? Should he come back tomorrow? Should he come back at all?
He turns to his side and looks at Cas. The angel looks so relaxed in his sleep and Dean gently pats his hair. Cas mumbles a bit and burrows closer to Dean as if to seek warmth. Dean puts his free arm around him and pulls him as close as possible, tucking the angel under his chin.
Over the line, Sam laughs. “Yes, we’ll bring the dog. We’ll be there in about half an hour. Prepare to hold a crying baby, Dean.”
He lay down and looked at them again. Dean took a step and put his hand on the lid. If he closed it, that would be it. Castiel would be gone. His hand was shaking and there were un-spilled tears in his eyes. He couldn’t do it. But he couldn’t let Sam help him. It had to be him. This was his box, his angel and his responsibility.
Castiel stepped back and looked at Dean. Dean couldn’t return the look. It meant good-bye, and he’d never be ready for that. Castiel’s hand was soft on his back.
“So you are Mary,” Castiel said in a low tone. “I hope the flowers I picked out did you justice.” He petted the petals a bit and Dean thought that they would need to be replaced soon. “I’m sorry we never got to meet. But don’t worry – I’ll take good care of Dean. I’ll look after Sam, too, so there’s no need to worry.”
The person had reached the fence and looked at them. It was a boy, and he didn’t even seem that old. “Edgar told me I had to press the right button. I’m going to make a hole in the fence now to let you in,” he said in an even tone. Dean instinctively stepped back.
I was lost too, you know. I was lost ever since the start. Sometimes I think I remember. Sometimes I think I remember an all consuming light in the dark. Sometimes I think I remember the beginning before it ever began. Sometimes I think I remember the void, the naught.
It doesn’t seem like Cas understands at first, but then he nods. He raises his arms and Eileen places her daughter in them without a second thought. Both Sam and Dean are ready to interfere in case Cas’ arms would not be steady enough to hold the baby but it turns out they needn’t have worried.
flowers for that, but not right now. Shit, his hands started to sweat again. Okay. Okay, he could do this. After all, what’s the worst that could happen? Well, Castiel could say no. And well, that wouldn’t even be the worst. He could be disgusted. He could recoil in repulsion. Tell Dean to stick it and never come back here. That would probably be the worst.
That, apparently, had been satisfying enough and Castiel beamed at him before taking his hand. “Great! Let’s go then!” He then looked around a bit. “Although, where to exactly?”
Dean was paralyzed. He knew these thoughts. But Cas was supposed to be stronger than this. Nothing was supposed to touch him. Castiel raised his other hand and put it on Dean’ cheek. That, too, was nice. They should’ve done that more often.
Dean lets out a deep breath and gently places Castiel on the bed. Castiel is breathing quietly and really, Dean should call Sam and tell him but he’s just so tired.
I know that they say relationships are a give and take. I go to a car show with you if you in turn accompany me to a shopping trip. But you never took me to any car shows, did you? Because you knew I wouldn’t enjoy them. And yet I’ve dragged you to shopping mall after shopping mall and you’ve never complained once. Because you knew I was enjoying myself.
Somebody made a mess in the bathroom. He knew who it was. There had been a group of girls here. There was vomit all over the floor. He found a positive pregnancy test that he had sold them. The girls had all been around 17 years old. He hoped the pregnant girl was going to be alright.
“I just hope I pass it at all. I don’t want to disappoint Dean, you know? He always tells me how smart I am and I just... I want to prove to him that I am.”
Doubt ate at Dean’s heart. He fidgeted with his phone. He didn’t even have Castiel’s number. Granted, he never asked for it; never thought to do so, but now it felt like another reason that Castiel just agreed to this to shut him up and get him out of his life.
As he left the flowers extended themselves as much as they could just so to see him walk away a little longer.
freeing his aching dick, then he lay there, waiting to be told what to do. Castiel made a motion with his hand, indicating for Dean to turn around. His heart was beating so hard and his dick was so hard he felt like he could die from both right now. Dean raised his ass a bit and it earned him a loving pat from Castiel. Dean groaned.
Free Will. You’ve always been. Without you – without you, Chuck would’ve determined the ending. But he didn’t. Because you made us believe that we can choose our own path. That we can choose who we want to be.
Dean sobs and doesn’t argue. He can’t. He can’t do it anymore. If he loses Cas again, then – then...
Dean didn’t make it to the flower shop until way after five. He’d been constantly half-hard in his pants and he couldn’t wait to see Cas again. He barged into the door just to see that Castiel was catering to about five people. Fuck. Edgar cawed at him, so Dean went over there.
Castiel tilted his head, and then he started to beam. “Oh, Sam, I would love to! I feel honoured. Magic is so fascinating. Do you think we could do the magic-sharing again?”
He couldn’t have them think he was weird. He couldn’t let them think he was an outcast. If they would confront him, what would he say?
Dean pulled up his pants and put his belt back into place. He hoped he didn’t look too ruffled even though it didn’t really matter. Cas was smoking hot and Sam was old enough to understand that sort of stuff.
Fuck. Fuck, he wanted to come, but he wasn’t allowed to. Dean rolled over and shifted uncomfortably. But he could do it. It wouldn’t be the first time he went to sleep with a raging boner.
“You’re right. I need a job, a real one with money. I’ll only sit on you as long as I absolutely have to, but you’re right. It’d be too quiet here, just on my own.”
“Because,” Castiel says, “I will cast you out if you do. They’re important to me. It doesn’t matter what they think of me. I will do everything they ask without question.”
The sudden voice drags him out of his daydream. Dean blinks and looks up, not even really registering what the guy had said. He’s sitting at a disadvantage but the new guy seems to be about as tall as Dean himself. Dean can’t see much against the light that shines from behind the guy.
“Rowena, do you think your tracking spell would work? It’s how you found me, so shouldn’t we give it a try?”
“I can still be his friend. I just want to be with him. It’s enough. It’s enough. I have no other choice. It has to be enough. It doesn’t... it doesn’t matter what I want.
This again. This voice again. Always it came; and always it suppressed the rage. He didn’t know why. A lifetime of rage, and it could be subdued with a word. He wondered if the door would withstand the fire. He needed to see. He needed to know. He knew he never would and, as such, the fire would forever burn.
“We don’t know what we’re dealing with,” Sam warns him and Dean nods. He’s not suicidal. He has his gun and he also has his angel blade. He’d be fine. Castiel’s coat is in the trunk. Dean took it with him wherever he went. He would never be too old for a comfort blanket.
“I don’t know. I’ve told him; and I’m sure he knows but whether or not he’ll actually show up... it would be good to see him again. But even if he can’t make it here, he’ll be watching over these two.”
I never got to tell him, Sam. I’ll never see him again because Jack won’t answer me. I want to do this for him. I want to do it for love. And you’ll get your ending with Eileen, like you deserve. It’s not too late, Sammy.
Dean looks around. Sam’s right. Being alone in the Bunker isn’t going to be good for his mental health. But he doesn’t want to impose on Sam and Eileen. He needs a job. He’s wallowed long enough.
Sam fidgeted. Could he tell Cas? Castiel had been extremely helpful but he wasn’t sure if he should burden his friend. “I was thirsty, is all,” he decided to say. Castiel was quiet for a moment.
Sam noticed that Castiel spend more and more time at their place. Dean seemed happier for it, at least. If his brother tended to walk a bit stiffly at times then Sam gladly ignored that fact and certainly did not waste any thoughts on it.
Truth be told, he really didn’t want to leave his room. Outside of this room was still the harsh reality of Sam being missing. What if Rowena hadn’t found him yet? What if she was standing outside his door right now, preparing herself to tell him that Sam was lost forever? Dean pulled the coat closer to him, holding it to his face. He wouldn’t be able to take it. But in here, he wouldn’t be of use to anyone.
He turned around and looked at Cas who was sitting at the kitchen table. He was armed with Edgar on his shoulder for whatever reason. The bird didn’t look too happy either. His feathers were all puffed up and he looked as prissy as a bird could look like. It reminded Dean of his morning self if coffee was unavailable. Edgar’s eyes zoomed in on Dean’s coffee. A second, nothing happened. And then the attack started.
“Dean! You needed to rest. And you’ll need energy if we’re going to rescue Sam. Do you really want to collapse onto yourself when we get there? So please, eat something, okay?”
He was human now. Dean was human. There was no celestial barrier between them anymore. He didn’t understand why his heart was beating so rapidly. He didn’t understand why he couldn’t stop smiling. He didn’t understand why he was crying. He was happy. He couldn’t stop smiling, so why was he crying?
rode that dick like a damn cowboy? He could wear his Stetson and cowboy boots. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck.
I know you never had faith in me, but I had faith in you and – I never really stopped. People getting to choose their own lives, their own destinies, their own ends – it just had never been in the cards. Everything had always served a bigger plan; always aiming to getting closer to the one true end when there was so much more.
He was sweating. He kept rubbing his hands on his pant-legs in a desperate attempt to dry them; not that it worked in the slightest. He put on a considerable amount of cologne, just to mask the smell of his own nervous odour. He wouldn’t want Cas to think anything bad of him. Dean’s been sitting in his car for a bit too long but he couldn’t muster up the courage to leave quite yet. He must look pathetic: he was sitting in his nice, sleek car in front of a flower shop and was sweating tears and blood just because he had a date with a cute guy.
Castiel sighed and looked around. It smelled horridly but there was little he could do about it. Nora said it was embedded into the walls at this point. Apparently that was just how gas station bathrooms smelled. He didn’t like it. He hated urinating, but he couldn’t get around it.
“Maybe you’ll be a small guy forever. Maybe that’s just who you are. I can’t fix your brain. I can’t turn back time. I can only go forward, y’know? And all I can try is to stay by your side and help you.”
To be honest, Sam had no idea how old Rowena really was. He and Dean had a rough estimate, but anytime they’d start to ask, she would just dare them and that was intimidating so they stopped immediately. He wouldn’t say she was around fifty, but he guessed she was around fifty. She’d lynch him if she knew he thought that, so things like these best remained unsaid, even to Dean.
“And then you stood up and I saw how tall you were and how broad your shoulders are. And I wondered why you looked so small, sitting in that booth all by yourself.
Castiel cradled his wrist against his chest and shook his head. “No but at least he’s asleep now. How is it going?”
, she’d fry him over the phone. He had to be quiet too because he didn’t want to wake Dean up. Dean had been so anxious for his sake; there’d be no point if both of them freaked out now.
Rowena was sitting in the backseat, holding a wilting flower in her hand. Dean recognised that flower. It had been part of Sam’s flower crown. He hoped the fact that it was wilting wasn’t any indicator for Sam. He thought it best to just not ask. This whole drive was nerve wracking enough already; he didn’t need any additional stress.
Dean looked up from his thoughts. Wait, Sam just looked that building up? He looked at the spot on the map Edgar was pointing out. It was a lone building that seemingly owned a lot of space. Technically speaking, it made sense. But how the hell would Edgar have known that? And
Sam looked around. He didn’t really want a flower. “Are you in charge of the shop? I could just bribe you with peanuts.”
Dean looks over to his brother, smiling. There is no story left for them, not ever again. Now, they make sure the book gets a good end. They deserve a soft end, don’t they?
“You’d let me dictate your pleasure, Dean, would you not? You’d moan when I’d allow you to, and you’d come when I’d allow you to. You’d come for me when I’d tell you, wouldn’t you? I wouldn’t even touch you and you’d beg me for anything.”
For the longest time, scientists couldn’t figure out what the drug was made of. It was a bunch of substances that shouldn’t be this deadly and one ingredient they couldn’t figure out. They ran every test to figure out what it was, but they reached a dead end with everything. Something needed to happen because the dying needed to stop.”
“Cas, what is this?” Dean asked while eyeing the crown. Sam, however, simply chuckled and put the crown on. “Dean, come on,” he said to his brother, “we’re celebrating, remember?”
Dean clenched his jaw. He didn’t want to fight with Sam. He knew that what Sam said was right. At least in some aspects, Dean could admit that, but it was still their father and as such demanded some respect.
Castiel came stumbling out of the backroom with Edgar on his shoulder. Maybe Sam was imaging things, but did the bird look smug?
They didn’t talk on their way back, and honestly, Dean didn’t really have a mind for that anyway. The thoughts he’d had about Cas in the backseat came back to him now, and they weren’t really helping his situation.
The bird didn’t wait. It flapped its wings and took off over the fence, heading directly towards the building. Dean wasn’t sure about this. But there was little they could do.
“I want to meet the man that makes Dean so weak in the knees. You heard the man, did you not? I absolutely
He turned around to face the shop and took a deep breath. He could do this. He’s done this before. He had no reason to be so nervous. Maybe he should tell that to his hands, because they were seriously sweating. He tightened his grip on his umbrella, swiped his other hand on his jacket and marched on, right into the entrance.
At the end, Jack didn’t show. The party had ended a while ago, but Dean and Castiel are still sitting on a bench outside. It’s a nice night, and Dean doesn’t want to drive home yet. There are no clouds in the sky and the stars are shining bright. Dean reckons that that’s Jack’s doing. He still wishes he would’ve shown his face.
You are still sitting on the bed when the door opens. You don’t look up. It’s probably a nurse checking up on you. They are probably going to chastise you for sitting up. If only they knew you’d wanted to run away.
It was looming over him. He even had nightmares about that stupid exam. And he really wanted to ace it – if he did, he wouldn’t have to worry again. He really wanted to become a lawyer for those with magic. They were so easy to blame, and so many times without cause – they’ve just had the misfortune to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. They’d get prosecuted, and everybody would be happy about it and nobody would care about the truth. He wanted to help. He wanted to bring the truth out – magic shouldn’t demonise you. But if he failed that exam –
“Yes, she is,” Cas replies a little quieter. He has her sitting on his lap and he has a flower in his hair. Apparently Maria was supposed to give that to her mom but she had decided that it was for Cas, so now he was wearing the flower. It does fit him, Dean thinks.
The fire didn’t spread to the other patches. It stayed exactly the way it was, trapping them inside. He hadn’t given Cas that much magic, had he? He’d given him enough for one blade, didn’t he? “How?”
Maria yells as soon as she spots her uncle and throws herself at his middle from across the room. Dean laughs and catches her. He lifts her up and holds her on his hip.
Castiel beamed at him and leaned in to kiss him. Dean pulled him close and too quickly Castiel pulled away. “Go home now,” he said and Dean licked his lips, but nodded.
Rowena bid them farewell as well and Dean and Sam went back into their home. Dean couldn’t stop holding Sam’s arm.
“You. I need you, please.” Now it was his turn to be a whiny bitch. He just hoped Sam wouldn’t hear.
Dean doesn’t know what to do. There’s a fever running through Castiel and no matter what Dean does, it won’t go down. The few times that Cas is awake, he’s puking up his guts over the toilet – all black goo and Dean’s heart breaks. Cas is crying before he passes out again and Dean can’t help. Cas is losing weight and it’s hard to even get him to drink water. Jack doesn’t come.
He holds his hands over Castiel’s chest, looking at Jack who nods. Dean nods back and presses the soul inside.
“A burden shared is a burden lifted. Ever since I woke all the way back before time existed, a great many stars have died. And still, some remain in the sky. Did you never wonder where they go?
Castiel’s hands started kneading his ass cheeks and his pants were hanging off his kneecaps now and his dick was
The magic wouldn’t leave his fingertips and he didn’t know why. Images of a burning field kept spooking around in his head and he was afraid that’s what would happen.
“I made coffee,” Sam said and that got him attention. The moment was broken, and coffee was handed out.
Cas gets sick at least one time a month, sometimes more. He’s always sick for at least two days, battling fever and puking up goo. Dean’s terrified every single time.
But still, I was lost. Each time a star would find me, I think I can see the light in the void again, the end after the end. But soon these memories are gone, too, and I can only hold on to scraps. And I wonder.
“I didn’t feel any magic from him – he used your magic to light the flame, nothing more. And yet – again, there is something about this boy and I intend to find out what exactly it is. We might want to keep him around, don’t we?”
“I didn’t kill her,” Sam said quickly. “But... But I accidentally set the room on fire and she ran inside to save me and she got burned and I was so scared and –“ Sam couldn’t continue and he tried to stifle his sobs. Mom had suffered third degree burns and it had pained her for the rest of her life. Sam had never been able to forgive himself and he knew that Dean and Dad had never really forgiven him, either.
Some days he wasn’t sure. He knew he wasn’t as important or significant as his siblings. He understood that he was lesser and, therefore, he was eligible for less food. But sleeping outside most days was something that made him think. He knew that his siblings deserved the space more but didn’t he deserve
Cas’ whole body shakes and Dean can tell that he’s trying to reign the coughs in. His good, pure, strong angel. Cas looks up at Dean, heaving heavily with tears in his eyes.
Sam waited, but she never finished her thought. Sam looked down at the flower in his hand. Somehow, it felt like the flower was looking back at him, unravelling him in his inner core.
You were always fighting. And most times, the enemy was yourself and nobody of us helped you. You’re stronger than I could ever hope to be.
Maybe he’d feel better after he saw Castiel do it. Something in him told him that Cas wouldn’t fail and oddly enough that calmed him. Castiel nodded and took the magic Sam was giving. Fascinated, they both stared at the glowing hand.
Dean gets up and walks over to the window. It’s another nice day. Maybe he should visit the park today. He could hear the birds properly there. Lisa might be coming to pick up her things today though. But then again, she still has her own key and might even prefer not to see him. Love changes, she had said. He wonders what she meant by that.
Slowly he dragged himself forwards. He couldn’t feel the ground beneath his hand. The pain in his leg was gone, the stain on his jeans just a distant memory.
How dare they touch the child? How dare they take away the life he was supposed to have? How dare they?
to kill their customers because obviously dead people can’t buy drugs anymore. So whoever distributed that drug wanted people to die.
“No. But it’s getting harder to resist.” Castiel turned his head. “It’s also getting harder to resist killing you.”
The emotions were swirling around inside of him. He didn’t understand. He always thought... He had always thought that maybe... maybe Dean felt a similar thing.
The guy was rocking back and forth on his heels like an excited puppy and Sam looked over to Rowena who just nodded. Then his eyes landed on the unlit candle on the table and since Rowena was here, there was little risk. Something in Sam wanted to see Castiel fail. He wasn’t sure why. What would he do if Castiel succeeded? Tthat wouldn’t happen, right? Lighting a candle was difficult. Sam grabbed Castiel’s hand.
Then the bird attacked him again, quite literally forcing Dean to get up. He really hated that stupid parrot. Fine. Fucking
wanted to be over. And then one day, I woke in the woods. Now they’ve done this before: set me out in the woods to see what would happen if I got torn apart by bears or how I’d deal with dying by dehydration and starvation. Only this time – nobody was hiding in the bushes. Nobody was watching me. Eventually, I made it to a village. I recognised nobody there; and the language they spoke was alien to me.
Edgar didn’t know why they were here. He wanted to go back home where all his peanuts were. He didn’t like going to other places. He also didn’t like being in this tiny cage. His cage at home was never closed, so why did Castiel insist on this one being closed? It must be because of this doofus Dean. It wasn’t like Edgar would poop into his stupid car! ...Much.
And now that he thought about that, he wasn’t feeling so funky anymore. What if Cas only agreed to go out with him to make it the worst experience possible, so that Dean would never return and he could finally go back to his normal life before Dean just crashed in and demanded all the attention he wanted?
And someday, he’ll man up enough to actually say these words. He just needs a little bit longer. And Cas is here to stay. Dean’ll work up the courage he needs and then it’ll be alright.
The florist opened up a door and Dean stopped in the doorway. He didn’t know what he was expecting, but – a bit more, maybe? Castiel lived in a one-room-apartment and it didn’t even look good. There was a mattress lying on the ground, there were heaps of laundry strewn about, and the kitchen looked like it had been collected from dumpster-diving. Opposite of the bed was a gigantic cage in which Castiel put the bird. Edgar screamed until Castiel filled his food bowl.
A week later, Sam shows up. Dean has been trying to pretend that everything was going fine, just to avoid Sam coming here. Maybe he shouldn’t have given his brother a key.
He’s not a killer. He’s never wanted to be. He simply had never been given the choice but Cas – Castiel saw him for what he was. And Dean believes him. He looks over to Sam and smiles.
It looked over to it. If It didn’t know where The Door was, It wouldn’t be able to spot it: it looked exactly like the rest of the wall. Sometimes It wished It could catch a peek outside. Sometimes It thought It heard something outside. People. It could hear the noises people made.
Eileen walks right over and plops herself and her baby next to him. “Your niece,” she says and Cas smiles at the baby who stopped crying when she spotted Cas.
Sam just nodded his head, but he didn’t know what to do with this information. The candle kept drawing his interest and he just couldn’t help himself. The flame was perfect and unexplainable, Sam was upset. It wasn’t Castiel’s fault, but he kind of wanted it to be.
He puts a hand on your face and you wish that what he says is true. You know it’s not but it’s so nice to believe him, even just for a brief second.
Sam groaned. He’s done this a thousand times, it shouldn’t be that difficult. Hell, he shouldn’t even have to practice doing this anymore! He shook his hand in defeat. Rowena wasn’t helping, either. She just sat there, urging him on. She
I love you, Cas. I’ll say it now, and I’ll say it a hundred times. You are loved, Castiel, now and forever.
“I love you,” he whispers again and again and maybe, just maybe, Cas moves his head every time he says it.
Dean smiled at Sam, lost his upright posture a bit when he saw Rowena standing there, but soldiered on: “Sam, this is Cas.”
Dean sits up in bed and looks around. It all still looks the same as before. Somehow he had expected things to be different. Lisa is gone, after all. And yet, there are still birds outside. The world didn’t change.
“No,” Sam says. “But get this: all the killings happen in the same place, suggesting that it’s not moving around. In fact, it might even be that the other monsters seek
Sam is ecstatic. Eileen just revealed to him that she’s pregnant. Dean has been waiting to see Sam’s reaction and he couldn’t be happier. He’s moved out of their place a month ago and is now living in a rather crappy apartment but he’s always over at their house anyway.
but when they got there, there would be nothing? What if she found something and when they got there the only thing they’d find was Sam’s dead body? What if they got there and Sam was dying and the only thing he was still able to say was “you failed me, Dean”?
Even without permission, Dean took initiative. He wrapped his arms around Castiel, and manoeuvred them out of the car. He didn’t even remember if he locked Baby up because he was way too occupied with the man in his arms. Castiel’s legs were slung around his hips and there was kissing and somehow, Dean got the house keys in his hands as they stumbled up the stairs. Was the bird somewhere? Probably, but Dean couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“There’s a pie contest in this town,” Sam says and Dean looks at the road sign. Huh. They’ve been driving for a while now and a break would be nice if Dean is honest.
Dean grumbled but yeah, if Cas would make that crown, he’d fucking wear it and might even enjoy himself. Sam would never let him hear the end of it. Rowena would take pictures and show them to everyone... maybe it’d be best if these two just never know.
It’s okay. It’s okay. He’ll smile at you and clap you on the back and he’ll tell you that your home is with them in the Bunker and you’ll get to help. They’ll value you, they both will, because they’ll care for you.
He scanned the bottles and told them their total. They all threw some change in his hands and he counted it carefully. He didn’t want to make a mistake and get Nora in trouble. They were getting impatient. He gave them back their change, roughly about fifty cents. They guy shook his head and told him to keep it. Castiel smiled and told him thank you.
Dean looked at the stack that indeed looked very delicious but Dean still didn’t feel like eating. He looked back at Cas and shook his head. Castiel’s face dropped as he scratched at his cast. “But you really need the food Dean, it’s been days.”
Dean looks down. There’s a stone lying on his stomach. It feels oddly warm. He sits up a bit and takes the stone in his hand. It’s filling nicely into his palm, and there’s a blue shimmer to it. It might be more of a crystal than a stone and Dean could get lost staring into it.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice was hoarse and Dean couldn’t help himself. He dragged his brother into a crushing hug. He was alive. Sam was alive; and he was here, a solid weight in his arms. Nothing could dampen his mood now.
He took a deep breath and got up. He could do this. He could leave his room, Rowena would have good news and they’d find Sam and by the end of the week, they’d be able to laugh again. He decided to take the coat with him. He could use a bit of reassurance. Also the coat still smelled like Castiel and that just made him feel a lot better.
“I’m not the killer I believed I was because Cas saw me for who I really am,” he says and Sam is reaching out his hand. Dean doesn’t take it.
“Are you insane? What you did was fucking awesome! You stood up to these fuckers while I just sat there paralyzed. I... it...”
Dean let Rowena go and exhaled deep. “Yeah... yeah, you’re right. Sorry,” he said to nobody in particular.  He turned back to the table and sat in front of Castiel’s pancakes. “But we’re leaving right after I eat, capische?”
The fire was rage. It was rage that wanted to break free, to lash at everything for being imprisoned in this cage for all times.
The man went over to Sam and pulled his head back by his hair. Sam blinked awake groggily. There was some blood on his face but overall, he seemed to be fine. “Sam!”
To be completely honest: Castiel had terrible fashion sense. It seemed like he put on whatever he’d find first and think he’d done well. He wore a striped sweater vest with terrible colours – way too much brown – with a dress shirt underneath. And then he’d wear a tie. And the tie wasn’t tucked into the sweater vest, oh no – it flopped outside like it had every business being there. Also, the tie was on backward. On his wrists, Dean could see the outline of the way too many bracelets that Castiel wore. Dean had no idea why that man insisted on wearing all these every day, all day, but who was he to argue?
Dean shook his head. He was going to lose Sam for good if he let go of him. But Castiel would have none of that as he simply pushed Dean aside.
He went back to the bathroom. He kept mopping. He’d never get the room clean but he was determined to try. Nora was always relieved when somebody cleaned the bathroom. If he got it as clean as humanly possible, she might even be proud of him.
Sam’s a bit upset when Dean calls him. He’s wanted to see Jack too, and he’s also worried about the hospital staff. Nobody’s called Dean yet so Dean has hope that Jack made them forget.
“Sam’s flower crown was missing a flower,” Castiel said absent-minded. Rowena looked up at him, while frowning. “Say again?”
“Yes, me as well. I didn’t know magic could be shared like that. It was an incredible experience.” He looked at his hands and smiled at them. “Did you ever do that?”
Sam shut up. Dean stood up and stormed away. He was delaying the impossible, he knew that. But what else was he supposed to do? He couldn’t... he just
He didn’t want to say goodbye. He was fidgeting with the steering wheel. He wished Castiel could have stayed over, but with Sam there it might not have been the best idea. “I,“ he started when Castiel slid onto his lap.
Again, Dean forcefully shut Castiel up. Fuck, this man drove him insane. His dick was hard as stone, dripping on his stomach. Cas pulled his hand down a bit. “Are you ready to come for me, Dean?” Dean just nodded, needy bitch that he was. “Then come.”
Miracle has essentially become Castiel’s therapy dog. She follows him everywhere and makes sure he eats and drinks enough. She loves Cas to pieces and anyone who even looks at the angel wrong gets growled at.
chose to wear a tan trench coat. Honestly, Dean was glad it wasn’t a sweater vest this time, but he was pretty sure it had been up for consideration. “You, uh... you look good.”
Maybe you can steal a blanket. But no. This is the hospital. You can’t steal from them. How dare you even think that?
“Yes,” Castiel agrees. “But I chose this fate by my own free will. And I keep choosing it. I will forever keep choosing this. It’s worth it. They’re worth it. Dean’s worth it.”
“Edgar wants to find Castiel,” the bird said quietly. Sam and Rowena didn’t react so Dean believed they hadn’t heard him or that they simply didn’t care. “We all wanna find him, buddy,” Dean replied quietly. The bird ruffled its feathers before it stretched. Then he flew over to the table, landing on the map. He waddled across the paper before looking up at Sam. “Where are we?”
“You’re fucking stupid, you know that? So, you don’t like sex. Alright. And yeah, it’s weird to me ‘cause I like it. But just ‘cause I like something, doesn’t mean you have to like it as well. You should’ve told me, Cas. The – what you did to me. That was okay for you, wasn’t it?” Castiel nodded, silent.
Dean had asked if he’d be interested in meeting Castiel. And since his brother had been so flustered, of course Sam said yes. He hadn’t really asked him for specifics about this man – if he had Dean smitten, Sam just
Nora talked to him and she was nice, but she was nice to everybody. Sometimes he wanted to tell her about Dean. About Sam. But he couldn’t. She wouldn’t like them, right? Or maybe she would think Dean did the right thing.
You should stand up. Because no matter what you would choose, you would need to tell Jack. And until you made up your mind, it would be nice spending more time with him. Seeing him being in good hands would be enough to be able to let him go, right?
“Yeah. Cool. Okay. Listen, Cas, I don’t want you forcing yourself to do something. I lov – I really care about you, man, and if all you wanna do is cuddle and kiss, then I’m down for that. Nobody’s gotta have to fuck anyone for us to work.”
A few days later, Sam went into the flower shop by himself. His final exam was drawing closer and closer and Sam’s anxiety was sky-rocketing. Rowena had told him he was more than ready and he knew that she was right, yet what if he wasn’t? What if he failed? He would disappoint Dean and Rowena and himself – he couldn’t do that.
She’d never asked where he came from. He was glad for it because he wouldn’t have known how to answer her. A place far, far away. A place that no longer belonged to him. He wondered if the angels were still hunting him. He wondered what they would do when they found him. Would they kill him on the spot? Would they torture him first? What would they do when they realised he had no answers for them? Would they believe him when he’d tell them that Metatron tricked him as well?
Dean parked the car and grabbed something out of the back (Castiel tried to peek but he couldn’t see anything) and ushered them off. Castiel went willingly although he did shoot Dean a questioning glance.
For so long, I didn’t believe you. But you were right. And know what? That good thing that would happen to me was right in front of me. And we didn’t know. Neither of us knew. Who could’ve imagined?
Castiel just stood there, holding a mug, still somewhat ruffled and tilting his head. Edgar cawed in the background. Dean rushed forward, planted a deep kiss on his lips, stole a big sip from Castiel’s mug and basically fled the apartment. He was already late. He just hoped Bobby wouldn’t be too upset. Dean
Castiel’s voice sounds tired, but it doesn’t seem to pain him like it did before. Dean is glad. Now everything would work out. And even if Cas would be bedridden for the rest of Dean’s life, then that is okay too.
It looked around. It didn’t know what to call this. It always thought the outside would be green. All the brief flashes in its head had suggested there’d be more colour. “You,” croaked a voice next to its ear. It jumped a bit to the side – It had not expected to meet anyone. But there was no one. “Hello?” It called out in a meek voice.
“Yeah. Jack said he’s probably gonna be sick for the rest of his life, but he’ll be able to move around again.”
It was only thanks to his years-long experience with driving that Dean didn’t swerve off the road at the comment. Castiel had made it so nonchalantly – what the fuck?
Dean lay on his bed and he couldn’t see anything. The light was out and he couldn’t remember the last time the light has even been on. He didn’t deserve the light. He didn’t deserve anything. What was he going to do now? How was he supposed to find Sam, being paralyzed as he was? He couldn’t even move out of his room. He couldn’t even eat.
The flower didn’t answer. But he thought that maybe the flower leaned a bit closer to him. He stroked a petal and vowed to do the best he could.
Dean’s hand wandered to Castiel’s pants and opened the belt and pulled down the zipper. Fuck. Now he just had to get the fucking pants off and he’d finally get some real relief. Fuck, he could almost
And if you tell him now, then maybe he can tell Jack. Soon enough Jack is going to realise how much brighter Sam and Dean were in comparison to you and he’ll understand that you were just an imposter. Hopefully he won’t be too upset.
Two weeks pass and Dean tries. He wants to drink, but he doesn’t. He wants to hole up in his room, but he takes Miracle on walks instead. Cas would be proud of him, taking care of himself. And in time, he would be able to get out further. Get a job, get new friends. In time, Dean would get there. He prays to Cas every night and somewhere in his heart he hopes that Cas can still hear him. It gives him comfort.
“I don’t know if you noticed, but we got Cas back. I don’t know how, if you were involved or not and if you can even hear me, but – he’s back, Jack. Cas is back.”
The boy’s heart wasn’t working. Castiel placed a hand on the kid’s chest and he felt a steady heartbeat. He looked over to Sam. He could see the bullet wound that killed him. And yet he knew if he were to touch that spot he’d find nothing but unblemished skin.
“My legs don’t work,” you say instead. You don’t know why. Maybe you want to defend the fact that you’re still here. Dean laughs. It’s been too long since you’ve heard that.
Looking back after their car made him realise that it’d only ever be the two of them. He was an intruder. A festering plague and they were glad to be rid of him.
poop on the couch in the living room. Standing on this counter in the kitchen wasn’t very pleasant. He knew that Castiel and the others were talking plans. He wanted to be a part of that!
Dean blinks irritated. He’s just supposed to trust this dude out of nowhere? Yeah, that’s not gonna happen.
Irritated, Dean looked over. Castiel held out roughly half of the dandelions he’d collected. The others were still in his hand and Dean slowly accepted them into his hand, not quite sure what he was supposed to do with them.
The Father opened the door to his cage and grabbed Edgar in his hand. Edgar screeched. Only Castiel was allowed to hold him like that! What did this man think?! He tried to wiggle out of the grasp but in the end he was just a bird. He tried biting the hand but it had no effect. So he screeched again. Castiel would come. Castiel always came.
Eileen is upset about staying behind but she knows it’s better this way. “You look out for him,” she says to Dean and he laughs.
“I love Cas, too,” he says, “not like you do, but I love him all the same. You told me to get my girl, then, so I’m telling you now, let’s go get your man.”
Dean whimpered. He’s never thought about it. In every sexual encounter, he’d been the driving force and now he was completely at the mercy of this man sitting atop of him. He
“Cas,” he whimpered and Cas opened his eyes, looking up at him. He was too pretty, fuck. Castiel let go of his dick for a moment, just so he could quietly rasp “Dean” and that’s it. That’s it. Castiel between his legs, looking like
“I love Cas,” Dean says toneless into the dark room and is instantly overcome by anxiety. Somehow, even after all these years, he expects John to bust through the door and expose him and nail him to the cross or something.
“I’m bleeding,” he said to Cas and Castiel’s eyes went wide as he looked around in a panic. Dean didn’t understand. Why was he bleeding? He hadn’t been bleeding before. The safety on his gun was on. It couldn’t have been his gun.
He looked up at her. “I gave Sam and Dean flower crowns to wear. Sam’s was lying on the table when he disappeared. It was missing a flower.”
When they find her, he should ask Eileen to dye her hair green. That would make her easier to find, at least.
Dean’s eyes swept the room. There were three guys just lying on the floor. He hadn’t even noticed them before. What happened? Where did they come from? Did – did Castiel take them out? Dean didn’t understand.
But – I wasn’t supposed to be here at all. I was supposed to be dead. I’ve died again and again and I came back, again and again because –
He finds a bench and sits down. There’s nothing particular to look at but it soothes him still. He can hear the birds so much clearer now and closes his eyes to enjoy them better.
“They are dead,” Cas says, “but with this, they’re alive. There was a world people cannot understand today. You have changed so much in so little time and yet it remains – you will always look at the world with wonder in your eyes.”
“I’ve never really... felt sexual pleasure. I’ve had had sex in the past, but I never felt anything. It’s like – something that just happened, like walking down the stairs. I like pleasing my partners, but when they try to “return the favour”,” he actually did the finger-quotes, “I feel uncomfortable. Sex to me is never great or good, it just is. I can go without a thousand years and not be any worse off, you understand?”
“Dean,” Sam says and Dean looks up. Sam and Eileen have stopped crying and that’s good. He waves at Eileen who smiles at him.
“Eileen,” Sam whispers and he starts running. Dean follows slowly. He’s smiling. Sam can get his happy ending after all and it feels good. Cas would be happy for them too.
– he doesn’t care at all. He slides in the backseat and Sam drives towards the nearest motel. Dean shrugs off his jacket and puts it around Goo’s shoulders, hoping to at least fool the majority of people into thinking that this was just another normal person. And if they didn’t – well they are very welcome to lick his boots.
Castiel held out his hand and Sam coughed some sort of black goo into Castiel’s cast-clad hand. It was going to get dirty. Sam coughed for a few moments until he seemed to get over his fit and Castiel stepped away.
It didn’t take that long for Rowena to show up, again looking all sparkly. It was a red dress today. “Are you ready, Samuel?” Sam nodded. He actually felt ready and he was going to ace this exam.
The other stepped up to Cas and, well, Fred apparently, and there was lighting at his fingertips. Magic. Shit. Dean had been so distressed he hadn’t even noticed. Using magic to attack other humans was a crime, but of course, it still happened. Dean sat still on the bench, beginning to panic. He couldn’t let Cas get hurt. He had to step in, but – but how?
Dean shook his head. Castiel had tried to comfort him after they realised that Sam was gone and Dean, in senseless anger, struck him. It had been an accident but now Castiel had to carry his left hand in a cast. He had a black eye to boot and seeing it made Dean feel even worse.
“Don’t be mad at him,” Castiel says while leaning on Dean’s shoulder. “You know he doesn’t do that well with a lot of people.”
“I know you put other people’s happiness above your own, Dean, every time. No matter what it means for you, you want to make others happy. And, Dean, that’s wonderful. But I’d wish, that sometimes, you’d put your own happiness as a priority.
Dean woke up late in the morning. The sun was shining and it left a warm feeling in his stomach. Saving Sam yesterday felt so long ago now. He got up and left his bedroom. He needed some coffee. To his delight the coffee was already in the pot. Did Sam set it up?
At the word “walk”, Miracle perked up and started wagging her tail. She then proceeds to climb up on the bed and snuggle up to Cas as if she had actually understood Dean. And he has a pretty good feeling that she actually had. Dean laughed and lays down himself, intertwining his fingers with Cas. His niece had just been born, Cas had been incredibly responsive today and everything would work out.
And maybe Dad had something like that. Dean wondered if that thing was kind of like a job, but then he wondered what they’d put down as their business. Cas had said they kind of existed only to capture him. To be cleared as a business there would have needed to be some official permit, right? Dean couldn’t imagine them being able to pay off the officials but what did he know?
Cas stops next to the pew where Claire and Kaia are sitting and basically tells Maria to throw flowers on them. Claire laughs and playfully shoves Cas away from them. Jody and Donna are also getting petals thrown in their face. Everybody is smiling and Dean’s happy that he’s filming this.
“Samuel, how old do you think I am? Of course I remember! It was splendid. I was the star of the show, of course. The fellows couldn’t fall at my feet fast enough. They said I was the best they’d ever seen, naturally.”
“Yeah, Charlie’s gonna help me set up the music. The others are coming too, but Donna can’t make it. Some important thing came up but she’s gonna drop by in the coming days.”
Rowena left them then, making her way around the building looking for a back entrance. Dean and Castiel decided to wait until they at least couldn’t see her anymore before they made their way in. Dean’s hand found Castiel’s. “I’m scared,” he whispered and Castiel squeezed his hand reassuringly. “Everything will be fine. Tonight, all of us will be home.”
Hours later Sam was pleasantly buzzed and Dean and Cas were dancing on the dance floor. Dean’s flower crown was completely gone, Sam had put his down on the table – one of the flowers had come off though and so Sam had stuffed it into his pocket – and Castiel’s still looked as fresh as ever. They had tried coaxing him to dancing as well, but he had refused. He was very content in just watching them.
You’re afraid to stop your tale, but eventually you must. Your lips are dry and your throat is hollow.
Dean isn’t expecting Jack to instantly appear in the room, but – he somehow is. He sighs and turns around to Castiel fully. He’s sleeping peacefully and Dean smiles. He takes Cas’ hand and softly strokes the skin.
Dean sighed. As much as he loathed the bird, he wasn’t wrong. Rowena and Sam could probably find Cas and Dean
It was burning from within. It consumed everything inside and this shell was not enough. It would never be. It had never been. There was no way to stop the fire; to stop the consumption. Always he wondered how long this body would hold; when it would be too much. Always he wondered when he would be able to open the door, to peek behind the wall.
“We found Eileen. Isn’t that great? Maybe now Sam can get out of this life and I... Cas, I want out too. I don’t want to be
The shop itself looked very unassuming. It was a small shop by any standard, but well maintained, from what Sam could see. He looked over at Rowena who pretended not to know him, and went inside.
“Stupid Dean!” the fucker screamed and Dean stomped over. He wasn’t supposed to stomp, but feelings wanted what they wanted.
Dean pulled him up by the arm and Castiel stumbled, right into Dean’s chest. He hadn’t planned that, but oh, it was so nice. He stayed there longer than he probably should. Dean just put his hand on Castiel’s back and didn’t push him away.
Cas taking charge like that. And, admittedly, he liked that thought. He could imagine that Cas shoved him onto his bed and was standing over him, looking him over. Dean hoped he’d like what he’d see.
Sam watched him fly away into the back. Somehow, the conversation felt weird. He wasn’t quite sure why, but that bird was smarter than it had any reason to be.
“I also think about pushing my finger into your eye and pop the eyeball out. I think about putting my fingers in your mouth and rip it open, tearing your jaw off. I think about putting my hand in your chest”, his hand left his face and was now rubbing over his chest, “just to tear your heart out. Breaking every rib you have, pierce your lungs and see the terrified look in your eyes.”
He’s breathing hard because there’s nothing here. It’s just dark. How is he supposed to find Cas in all this darkness? This isn’t like tracking down a GPS signal.
, that was too much. It didn’t help that he saw himself standing in the train car, his sex toy fucking him into oblivion, and Castiel’s dark eyes watching him. He didn’t need to hear his deep voice saying “now” and Dean having a fucking orgasm in a full car of people like a wanton whore.
Castiel looked at the ground. Some of the tiles were cracked. He’d never really seen the bathrooms in the bunker. He hadn’t looked at the tiles. He wondered what colour they would be. If he just knew how to fix them, he would do it. Nora would be grateful for that, wouldn’t she?
They arrived back at the flower shop and then Dean just sat there, staring blankly ahead. What did he say now? “Dean,” Castiel said again and tore Dean out of his headspace, “walk me to the door?” Dean nodded.
Castiel looks so sad. Back then, Dean hadn’t seen. He hadn’t cared. He had never cared. Why had he never cared?
“Why is it always you?!” He hears himself shout and Dean opens his eyes. They’re somewhere else. He can see himself standing there; and he’s screaming at Cas. Why? Why is he screaming? Why is he
Dean chuckles and pulls Cas flush against him. It’s been a while since they were this close together without one of them on literal death’s door. Cas is alive and warm under his hands and Dean starts swaying. He’s never danced a real dance, much less so with another man. But it’s not like Cas could dance at all, so it’s okay. And besides – it’s not about the skill, it’s about the experience. And Cas –
“We're all like flowers. We bloom and we wilt, but for as long as we live, we'll bring joy to those around us. And when we are gone, we will be remembered fondly. So don't fret what's been lost, and relish the memory. Flowers will bloom again, and if you come back, I'll be here.”
“Because in the end, it was always meant to belong to you. In the end, you were always meant to come here.”
“You two pretty birds will be using the front entrance, in all the grace you can muster,” she shot Dean a look, “and I shall be sneaking behind the back, surprising them from behind.”
Cas doesn’t really respond to anything when he wakes up. But Dean doesn’t care. Cas is here. Cas is alive. He’s slapped himself several times just to make sure that he was really awake. It’s hard to pry Dean away from Cas even just for a minute.
Once outside, Castiel ordered Dean to take a deep breath and he did. It felt good to fill his lungs. They made their way over to Dean’s car and he smiled a bit upon seeing Baby in all her beauty. He always felt better in the presence of his car.
There are days, sometimes more and sometimes less, where Castiel is sad. Dean knows that that word is probably an understatement, but he doesn’t want to call it depression – it’s too big of a word and Dean’s afraid of it.
Dean sighed. The bird had peanuts stored in a little box on the ground – easy enough for him to get himself, but he was lazy and wanted to be given treats. Dean bent down and retrieved a peanut for the greedy bird who devoured the thing almost immediately.
There’s a gentle hand on your shoulder and you jump a little. You turn your head and there is Sam, looking at you. He looks concerned. Why? What have you done wrong? Sam’s opening his mouth. He’s going to tell you that you’re not worth talking to. He’s going to tell you that they regret saving you.
“Cas, I – thanks for last night. You really helped me,” Sam said as Dean went to get new drinks. Castiel just smiled at him brightly. “I’m so glad it helped you, Sam. Dean said you aced your test, that’s amazing!”
“Edgar say. They gone. The Father took Castiel! The magic house. It’s where they are. Save him. Please? Edgar wants Castiel. The flowers. The flowers. Please?”
Dean looked at his mug and pulled a face. He wasn’t sure if he wanted the bird-coffee now. “It’s... let him have it. I’m good.”
“So good for me,” Castiel said and Dean preened with that praise. Castiel kissed him quickly on the lips and Dean sighed. He loved Cas. It was too quick, too soon, but that’s how it was. Dean watched Cas while he moved around.
“The mortality rate was exorbitant. Once you got addicted to it the chance of you dying from withdrawal was incredible. And the withdrawal process was immensely small, too. People showed signs of withdrawal in about seven hours after their last intake. Not to mention that the effects of the drugs would usually last for about three hours total, so that would make about four hours before you’d need the next shot. People were dying left and right and nobody knew what to do against it. Drug lords don’t
Dean groaned. It sounded like it was Castiel’s first day of being alive. He sniffed at the laundry. It wasn’t
“I’m sorry,” you say again. You don’t know why he’s here or why he’s holding your hand. It feels nice, but you don’t deserve it.
Cas sighed. “So you want to go in, guns blazing? Who says they wouldn’t harm Sam? No. We had a better idea,” he looked over to Rowena who took it as her cue to speak.
any magic on them, but then again, he wasn’t really good at determining that sort of thing. Maybe he should ask Rowena when she came by later. She would be able to tell him exactly if these flowers have been touched by magic, but – Dean could do that too. Dean had a knack for telling what people had magic and which did not. Sam did recall Dean talking about this one flower-shop, “Love Flowers” or something, maybe he and Rowena should check that shop and its owner out?
“Yes. I know! What I meant – I don’t like it when others do it to me. I like giving you pleasure, Dean, but – I don’t, I –. “Castiel took a deep breath. He reached for Dean’s hand which was easily given.
“Do it now. Release the light, right into my heart, and kill me. Look me in the eyes, and do it. I won’t ask again.”
“Sammy,” he whimpered. He reached out with his hand to brush a wayward strand of hair from his brother’s face. He looked up to Rowena who was kneeling on the other side of Sam. Why was she holding her shoulder? It didn’t even matter.
Sam hoists Maria out of the car seat. He wants to go and help Eileen out of the car but if he did, she’d kick him in the shin.
He walks over to the window and opens it. He bends forward and looks down. It would be quite the fall. But it’s going to be worth it. Down there, Cas will be waiting for him. If he imagines hard enough, then he can almost see Cas standing down there with open arms.
“We don’t know if they have weapons,” Castiel said and Rowena nodded. “I have a gun,” Dean replied as if that would count as a counterargument.
“Are there people inside?” Sam asked Subject what’s-his-face and the boy just cocked his head. “Just the people that give me tasks. But I haven’t seen them in a few days.” The boy furrowed his brows. “I haven’t looked for them. Do you think they’re fine?”
He took his date’s hand and dragged him across the graveyard. Castiel was a bit slow, for some reason, but didn’t resist the drag. “Cas, I want to introduce you to my mom, Mary Winchester. Mom, this is Cas.”
He had a glass of water standing on the table before him and he pushed it back and forth. He wanted to call Rowena and have her tell him everything would be fine but if he did that
As it turns out, Castiel sees the world vastly different than Dean. Dean’s no art critic, nor could he detect a masterpiece in the making but to him, Cas’ pieces feel alive. There is a certain aspect to them.
anymore. I want to be a Dean Winchester where I go into bars and have drinks and I want to ride another mechanical bull and I want a house I can return to. I want to hunt every now and again when something’s going on in the area but I don’t want to chase the monsters anymore. I want to watch chick flicks and I want to wash my car in booty shorts.
“What about this place?” Rowena asked once they were outside. She had a certain look in her eyes that Castiel didn’t like. “I could take care of all their notes, tweety bird.”
It felt like all air left his lungs. He looked at the metallic plug and thought about the times it might’ve been inside of Cas’ ass. Fuck. He reached for it. “O – Okay,” he said.
Uncle Dean puts her on the ground and she goes to find Uncle Cas. When she finds him, he smiles at her. He looks tired and sick, but he glows so brightly today.
You put your feet on the ground. They feel heavy, as if you lost the connection to your body. What if you’ve been asleep for weeks? Jack will have moved on then, right?
It’s not even ten when he makes it to the park. At night, he had been restless and he had kept staring at the flower. He had taken it home, cradled in his hands. He had felt bad – when the man removed the flower from his hair, it must’ve been sad since it had started wilting almost immediately. Dean had still put it into water, in a desperate attempt to save it.
He had never held Castiel’s hand. He had never ruffled Castiel’s hair. He had never been able to make Castiel wear different clothes. He had never explained the finer things in life to Castiel. And now it is too late.
Castiel was all smiles and excitement and Sam wanted to find out what was going on with this man. Sam stepped up to the candle and decided to inspect the flame. It was a perfectly fine fire and yet – he couldn’t say.
Fuck. Maybe sending that picture to Cas had been a bad idea. Dean tried to rearrange his jeans, because the last thing he needed was for people to see that his dick was getting interested. So, he tried to think of ugly things, like old smelly socks.
That doesn’t sound fair to Sam. You should talk to Jack about this. Sam doesn’t deserve to be screamed at.
the guy that he saw. I need to be the guy that he fell in love with. I can be. I know I can. So let’s go find your girl.”
The man gently holds his hand and just looks at him and somehow, Dean calms down. He doesn’t recall what he had just been thinking about.
. I don’t want to live somewhere where you do not. Even if we can’t go back to the way things were, I need to know – I need to know that you’re alive.
His voice broke and he had clenched his eyes shut. Dean could just stare. He understood. He understood exactly how Cas felt. He would fix this.
Maria blinks at him, then laughs and claps her hands. She turns her head to her mom and brabbles to her and Eileen just smiles.
“It’s the first time I saw him cry. He was happy, he said. Loving me made him happy,” he says and looks at Sam.
For that, I’ll forever be grateful. I was right. There was a better way and they were proven wrong. I’m – maybe I’m still defective. Maybe I’ll always be wrong, and broken, and useless. But if that’s who I am, then – then so be it.
So Dean ventured down into the kitchen. He could at least drink some coffee even if Castiel wasn’t there. That made Dean question whether Cas had brought bird food or not. Dad didn’t have any seeds just lying around. Maybe some would be in his pockets? Ah, whatever, Cas would take care of the bird.
You look up. There’s Sam standing behind Jack, smiling at the child. What is Sam doing here? How did he know to come here?
He did mean what he said, but as he said goodbye to his cowboy fantasy he had to withhold a manly tear. Though he knew, at heart, that saying farewell to it was worth it. Castiel’s eyes shone brightly and his smile was wide.
Cas made it to the couch when Sam and Eileen arrive. As per Sam’s promise, Maria is crying her heart out and Dean feels sorry for Sam. Eileen, God bless her, probably doesn’t hear the crying too much. Dean guesses it’s Sam who gets up in the middle of the night, judging by his face. Dean grins and bends down to greet Miracle. Man, he’s missed her.
“Dean came into my shop a few weeks ago, looking for some flowers for his mother’s grave. I recommended some, he liked them and, well, he came back.”
Cas sighs. “No. I figure being in Heaven would help me. I might be able to get rid of it if I was able to tap into Heaven’s energy reserves, but I don’t want to go there now. The soul Jack made for me is going to suffice until it inevitability runs out.”
Naturally, she had claimed the best available bed. Dean wasn’t sure if she had really been sleeping, though. He wasn’t risking his balls to find out.
Castiel sat up and rubbed his eyes. “I don’t have magic and my mother said I should sleep outside so my siblings can have more space.”
Castiel softly kissed him and Dean was out of breath. “Cas,” he whispered as the man peppered his face with butterfly kisses.
“Interesting,” he heard Rowena mutter next to him and he didn’t find this interesting at all. Once done, the boy looked up at them and smiled. “Done,” he exclaimed and Dean could only stare.
Dean tried so hard not to touch himself. He was vibrating and he bit his lip just so he wouldn’t moan the way he wanted to.
But you can’t. He’s going to take Jack away. He and Dean are going to take Jack away and he’s going to grow up hating you. They will tell him all the terrible things you’ve done and Jack will grow disgusted by you. He will grow up and hate you for soiling the stars for him.
He nodded, as if he tried agreeing with himself. Sam frowned. That was odd. Why wouldn’t Rowena just do it herself then? Why give it to Castiel instead? But in the end, it didn’t really matter. It has done the job well enough no matter who did it.
It was a flower out of Sam’s flower crown. Rowena had used a flower to track Sam. Did it have anything to do with the fact that these were Castiel’s flowers?
You wake up somewhere vastly different. But you don’t know what it’s different from. You feel like you had a dream, but you can’t quite remember. Where have you been before? Just before, a few seconds ago? You can’t have forgotten already. But you can’t remember. Somehow, it makes you upset. It feels like a thought that slipped out of your hand at just the last second.
Jack is holding something in his hands. He opens them somewhat so that Dean can take a peek. It’s glowing and Dean doesn’t know what it is.
Dean looked over to his – his what, exactly? Was Cas his boyfriend? He didn’t know. Were they still just friends? No, that couldn’t be it. Was there a word for what they were?
Castiel looked at Edgar. He didn’t know. Did this man really trust him to take care of something, even if he had no magic and therefore would forever be a useless member of society? He looked at the flowers again. He took a step closer and bent down to the first one in the row: “Do you trust me to take care of you?”
“Hey, Cas,” he greeted the man once he entered the shop. For once, there was no customer and even Edgar was taking a nap. Castiel’s face lit up as he came out front.
“We’ll find him, Dean,” Castiel said and Dean didn’t want to hear it. How could Cas say that? Sam was
Castiel slid down the chair. Dean helped him even though he didn’t really have to – still, it was a nice feeling. It was also very nice that Dean’s hand never left his body. It made him feel safe. He suspected that Dean knew that.
. Oh dear, he really didn’t need to know that. Was Dean at work? Did he take his break? Maybe he didn’t want to know. He probably
it. Castiel nodded and gestured for Dean’s phone and after it’s been given, he typed in his digits before returning it. “Call me,” he said and quickly turned around and disappeared into the house. That was probably for the best, because it had been getting harder to resist. Dean held his phone close and went back to Baby, driving home alone.
Magic, like breathing, was part of the world. For as long as people remembered, it was part of humanity. It was not a skill that could be learned; magic was something you were born with. There was no changing what you could do either – if you were born with the power of fire, you would possess the power of fire and nothing else.
For the next few years, Castiel took care of a small arrangement of flowers. Edgar complimented him every so often on them and Castiel came to view him as the father he never really had. And then, war came to their lands.
Their first kiss doesn’t quite happen as Dean would’ve imagined it – not that he had ever been imagining it in the first place.
to explore this side of him, it’s just – it’s just difficult. He feels as if he’s done a disservice to Cas.
You don’t understand. Dean should’ve been happy when you were gone. Maybe Dean had wanted to hurt you, as revenge. That you could understand. Dean could hurt you. It’d be okay. You’d never be able to move past it, but if it would make Dean feel better, you’d do anything.
Sam hadn’t seen them yet. His head was bowed and he was missing a shoe. At this distance, Dean wasn’t able to tell if or how badly he was hurt. Dean’s body started shaking and Castiel put a hand on his shoulder to calm him down. “Quiet,” he reminded him and Dean could only nod.
Castiel had sat down next to him – really close – and nodded. “I haven’t! I rarely find the time, and going by myself is little fun, so I usually spend time with Edgar. It’s too bad he can’t hold a bowling ball. I make him play soccer sometimes.”
And whatever sins you believe you committed – sins that you believe that cannot be forgiven – I give you absolution.
Sam turned to the candles. He didn’t remember if they’ve ever practiced that or not. But he wasn’t worried, not really. He took a breath and went level with the candles. He summoned a little fire on the top of his finger. It would pass each and every wick without burning them. They wouldn’t even be scorched. The last wick would burn and none else.
Dean’s standing next to his door, looking over to the open door across from him. Should he go over? Maybe he should wait introducing himself until tomorrow, when the guy moved in? He’s not sure. Dean fondles his keys in his pocket, but he doesn’t pull them out just yet.
After they couldn’t see Rowena anymore, they gave her five more minutes before they started approaching the farmhouse themselves. Dean’s heart was beating loudly in his chest and he could almost not hear anything going on around him. He was glad that Castiel was here and that he had taken the lead. He had to stay calm. He had to stay cool. When he saw Sam he couldn’t just go running. Whoever took his brother might not be far off, hiding in the shadows. They needed to eliminate the danger first.
Castiel parked the car in front of Dean’s home.  “It’s late,” he said and looked at his passengers. “I’ll come by tomorrow. I need to feed Edgar.” Dean could just nod. He was still at a loss with what to think.
“I think about it a lot. I could take your hand like this and just... break every finger on it. Bend them backwards, just to hear you scream.”
He reached forward, taking a fistful of his shirt and pressed him onto the ground. Castiel’s ass landed directly on Dean’s spunk and damn, if that wasn’t a turn on. “Dean?”, Cas began but was promptly cut off when Dean kissed him, hard. He gathered Cas’ hands in one of his and Dean
Dean swallowed, but he held Castiel’s stare. “I – I thought of you kneeling between my – between my legs. A – And I thought of you towering over me, telling me what to do.”
He can hear the birds in the trees. And as usual, they are a soothing sound. The leaves from the trees in the wind just help add to that melody. He tries hard to not fall asleep as there are no flowers around here. But it’s hard, Dean has to admit. But he can do it. He woke up so early today that he can stay awake now.
“Sam,” Castiel said and Sam sat back a bit to see into his friend’s face. The man was smiling. “Look,” he said and there was a small flame in his hand. How did it get there? Did he give Castiel magic without remembering it? It had a weird feel to it. It flickered in the pale light coming from the kitchen counter.
feel better. So he moved into the kitchen. He probably wouldn’t make something big but a sandwich would be good too, right?
Dean did as ordered and warily watched as Castiel came closer. “You thought of me when you called earlier. Tell me.”
“We’re almost there,” she said while she kept looking at Castiel. Dean nodded and pushed the gas a bit harder.
You look down in your lap. What is the point thinking about it? Mr. Edgar is not here anymore. You feel sorry for his son.
have a car. “Fine, I’ll go wake up Sam. You’re gonna wake up Rowena though ‘cause I’m not ready for that.”
He doesn’t know how far they’ve walked because there is nothing here. But something tells him to stop. Something tells him that this is the right spot. He closes his eyes and kneels down on the ground.
But then he takes your face in his hands. They are warm and big and he looks you in the eyes. You don’t like it. You want to advert your gaze but Sam won’t let you. He chases after you and you give up. You’re afraid of what he’ll say.
It feels good to take the Impala on a long stretch again. Miracle stayed behind with Eileen and it’s just him and his little brother on the road. It almost feels like the old times. They were rushing in to save the day, heroes once more.
His friend turned his head to him and Dean still believed he could be saved. Even if he could barely see Castiel in these blue eyes anymore, he still believed the angel could be saved. He had to. Nobody else believed in it anymore and he wasn’t ready to give up.
Dean puts you in a wheelchair and slowly starts wheeling you out of the room. You wish you could’ve said good-bye to Jack and Sam. But maybe it is better this way. You don’t want to disturb anyone. Jack would be fine. Sam and Dean would take care of him; and then they’d find him a friendly family.
Castiel stepped behind the chair, leaning over Dean. “Like this?” he asked while he reached for Dean’s shirt, unbuttoning it. Dean just nodded, his heart beating fast. “Spread your legs.”
At night, Dean lies next to Goo. He’s holding Goo’s hand as much as he can and he sleeps. He’s never got to sleep in the same bed as Cas before. He wishes that they would’ve had more opportunities before but it was too late now.
Sam walks into the reception area of this Motel 5 and Dean tries to wake up Goo again but he’s still out like a light.
But Dean does. He just can’t say it. If he did, then – then what would John say? Dad would judge him for this. Dad would call him a girl; and a fairy; and tell Dean that Dad hadn’t raised a gay son.
He arrived at his car in the parking lot and quickly slid in. He shook his umbrella a bit, just to try and get the water off it and put it in the foot space next to him. It wasn’t going to be a long drive, but he was somewhat excited to show off his Baby.
And with that, Sam got a sunflower shoved into his face. He took it and smiled, looking at his friend. “Thanks?”
I’d let a child go. I’d give an old man a few more minutes to say good-bye. I’d save the mother giving birth. I’d do these things and I got punished for them and I’d falter. What if I did something wrong? What if I altered the big plan? What if the ending would never come as it had been planned? And maybe –
You just feel sorry for Jack. But if you go, then he’d be able to find a real family with a mother and a father. People who could love him the way he deserves and who can give him the things he wants. And in time, Jack would forget you.
The flower shop looked the same as it always did. Of course, why would it have changed? Still, Sam felt different. They got out of the car and went inside. As Sam looked over to the counter, he found Castiel, who seemed to be busy over some papers. Maybe he was ordering new flowers or thinking about an order he’s gotten. Edgar was oddly quiet and when Sam glanced at the bird he saw that Edgar was sleeping.
Dean sighed. He and Sam raised themselves on TV, so it was hard to imagine not owning one. At least Cas looked like he missed it. He looked over at the bird that had started cleaning itself. “What do you
“You’re in Kansas,” he replies and the thing turns in his direction. It shakes and Dean thinks it’s just about to collapse. How long has it been here, weighed down by this goo? How long has it waited for someone like Sam and Dean to show up?
You can’t look at him. You look at your lap instead. He’s going to tell you that you have to leave. And while you know that you must, being told hurts. You’re going to be lonely again. You’re going to miss Jack’s little warmth atop of you. You’re going to miss telling him about the stars.
“Good day!” a voice screamed at him and Sam was startled to hear a bird yell at him. The bird – a parrot – flapped its wings and looked at him expectantly. Sam could only stare back. What was he supposed to do? “H – Hello?” he tried and the bird cawed at him.
Dean shakes his head. He doesn’t know. David had been flirting with him for about two months now and Dean
Sam looked up to see Cas standing in the doorway. He was wearing one of Dean’s old shirts – it was a favourite of his brother’s. Sam looked back to his glass. “Sorry, I didn’t want to wake you up.”
He had stocked the shelves a bit and tided the store. He wished he had someone to talk to. There were two numbers in his phone: Dean’s and Nora’s.
Dean nodded, and with Castiel’s help, he actually did. He didn’t fully trust his legs yet, so he stumbled into Cas, a silent plead to hold him. Castiel did, and Dean immediately felt better. “Thank you,” he whispered and Castiel pressed a soft kiss on his jaw. He held Dean’s hand tight and slowly led him out the bowling alley.
be God, I am, but... I can’t do it without you. What if I stop looking at the small things? What if I end up like Chuck? I need you, Cas. I need you to remind me of a fallen leaf, of a newborn bird. I need you to remind me of the wonders of the world.
“You’ve always been worth the world, Cas,” Dean says and his lip quivers. Castiel puts a finger on it.
“Oh, Dean,” Castiel said and stepped closer, so that they stood chest to chest. Castiel snuck his hands in between their bodies and opened up Dean’s pants, shucking them down. He didn’t look down and all Dean could do was stare in the blue eyes before him. His dick pressed into the fabric of Castiel’s clothes and then he bent forward, kissing the florist.
back. What has been the point? He hadn’t even been able to say it back. Cas deserves better than this.
“I... yes. You said, I just... I can’t believe it. I didn’t even think... it’s amazing. How... how is he doing? Is he conscious? Can he talk at all?”
. Dean did not need to get hard now. They were on the way to their first date, for Christ sake! He stole a glance over to Castiel, but that guy seemed to believe that that comment had been completely fine. What should he say to that? He didn’t know. And everything had started so well, too! So, he just hummed in response. He shifted a bit in his seat, to will anything unpleasant away. It could still work out, not all was lost.
Dean has pamphlets. They gave him pamphlets but he hasn’t looked at them. He sits on his bed and stares out of the window. Sam has Miracle. Dean told him to take her. Castiel is in the morgue.
He’s still dead, you think. You feel responsible. If you’d been better, he would still be here. Susie must hate you. Susie with her bright orange hair and the yellow dress.
After two hours at work, he took his phone and secretly took a photo – not of his dick, but of his hips, just to prove to Castiel that he had followed the order. It made him weirdly excited, like he was doing something forbidden.
“Very well. But do remember, Dean – that means no orgasm tonight or tomorrow. Not until you come see me. Can you do that for me?”
On Castiel’s comment, Dean muttered a quiet “shut up” and blushed. He was such a softie for his boyfriend, it was hysterical.
“Breathe,” he reminds his brother and so Dean takes a deep breath. He nods and Sam turns the water off. The get Goo back out of the shower and haul him into the main room. They lay him upon a bed and Dean sits next to him. Sam gets on his phone, presumably to call Eileen and let her know what’s up.
Cas is laughing. It’s a happy laugh and he enjoys himself. It’s truly a sight to see. It’s rare to see Cas so relaxed and Dean feels more than privileged to witness this much less be the cause of it. Dean swirls Cas on the spot and as the swirl ends, Cas stumbles forward against Dean’s chest. Dean holds him tight and it’s a good feeling.
I feel. You are – I’ve never met someone like you. There have been others that have fascinated me, but – but I’ve only ever watched them from a distance. I was never inclined to come closer, to get to know them, to have them know me. I was content just watching them from afar, learning about them and studying them from my high perch.
With shaky legs, Dean walks over to the one that says “Castiel Winchester” on it and opens it. He takes a deep breath and pulls the gurney out. He closes his eyes. He doesn’t want to look. He doesn’t want to see Cas all pale; all dead. He doesn’t think he could take it.
You’re worth everything. You matter so much, Cas – to me, to Sam, to the world. I’m sorry that all of us have fallen short. I’ll make it up to you. I’ll make it up to you for all eternity, because I love you. If you’ll have me for whatever reason, then I’m yours. And I’m never going to let go. If I lose you, I will stop at nothing to find you again.
Dean dances with Eileen and Sam dances with Cas and Maria. Charlie’s taking pictures and Dean loves it. Cas can’t dance for very long and he leans heavily onto Sam but he tries his best for Sam and Maria both.
Castiel looked at him. “Sam – I don’t hope the magic does what I want it to do. If you drop something, it
Sam didn’t want to say it. He was worried for the reaction he would receive. Then he felt a hand on his. He looked up – when had he adverted his gaze? – and was amazed by how blue Castiel’s eyes seemed to be in this light.
You just have to get there. You can do it. You can do it. It’s okay. It’s okay. It has to be okay. You’ve got no other choice. It’s okay. It’s okay.”
Seven guys trot in and Dean guesses that they might be Vampires. Damn, he’s packed the wrong bullets. Still, shooting them would slow them down for a moment so that he could stab them with the knife. It’s easy to slip back into the Killer Dean Winchester and he hates it. What would Cas have to say about all this?
His hands were shaking and he didn’t want to finish the burrito. He was in turmoil. Why did Dean want him to go? Was it... was it because he was a man? Did Dean think him disgusting? Maybe Castiel had been too... open? Or...
The bird didn’t listen. Apparently he liked coffee, the way he slurped that stuff. “That’s my fucking coffee!”
to know what Castiel looked like caught in the throes of passion. His head thrown back, sweat glistening on that tanned skin, mouth open, his nails scratching hard on Dean’s chest –
Horrified, Dean squeezed Castiel’s shoulder harder. Two men had just walked up to them and looked down at them; disdain clearly written on their faces. He stared up at them and didn’t know what to do. It had taken him a long time to accept his bisexuality – no thanks to his dad – and he still felt insecure about it at times. He was a freak of nature. He was just a guy pretending. He should just finally decide. He couldn’t love both, after all – either he liked girls or he liked guys, both just
He felt the bed dip next to him. Fuck. Castiel was still here. Dean tried to scoot away from him but Cas had the advantage.
There’s something here, Dean knows that. There’s something here he’s supposed to say, some clever line, some heartfelt comment, but – but he doesn’t know.
Cas isn’t used to being sick and somewhere deep down Dean thinks he remembers. Cas needs to be useful. And on these days, he’s not useful at all. But Dean doesn’t know how to tell Cas that it’s okay. He doesn’t know how to make Cas understand that he doesn’t have to be useful. No words that Dean could come up with seem good enough for him. So he stays silent and he knows it’s not the right thing to do.
He stopped before he went through the door. He wasn’t sure why Castiel was the first person on his mind after Rowena dumped him for the day. Sure, Dean wouldn’t be able to really help him at all, but then again, Castiel wouldn’t be able to help either. Sam looked into the shop window. Maybe it was the Sweet Briar. He wasn’t a flower person, not at all, but this flower was different. He still kind of believed it was magic, one way or the other.
Some stars tell me of the end; and others tell me of the start. Maybe some tell me of the middle. And maybe some tell me of all, and all I get is the light in the void at the start.
At least that pest was contained in a cage. Cas had not wanted to put Edgar in a cage, but Dean had insisted. The bird kept staring at Dean from Cas’ lap and cawed at him, specifically. Dean sighed and looked back onto the road.
The dark tone made Dean swallow. Castiel’s face was only illuminated by one streetlamp outside and that certainly didn’t help Dean calm down by any means. The way he sat there, hovering over Dean and demanding an answer – Dean never knew how worked up he could get from so little action.
At that, Castiel twisted his grip, Fred cried out in pain and then he got tossed aside, all the while Castiel’s gaze was fixated on George. He grabbed that dude’s hand and pressed it against his chest.
He hated seeing his own empty eyes staring back at him. He hated the angels standing behind him, pointing fingers.
As Sam sat up in bed, his hand found its way to his chest. Whatever happened last night, did he just dream it? There had been a flame in Castiel’s hand and he had pressed it into Sam’s chest. It still felt warm. “Let there be fire,” he whispered.
Castiel leaned on the handle. It was an accident that he stared down the toilet. Somebody forgot to flush.
“Of course you can drain magic. It’s much like blood-letting. If you drain too much of it the mages will die as their bodies require magic to survive. Back in the day it was used as a rather frequent torture variant until people realised that that’s why their inmates tended to die so rapidly. So it was reduced to only small amounts at a time – still painful enough as I hear. But I digress.
The first result said “Orchid Flower Meaning – Flower Meaning”, so that should do the trick. Okay. He looked up at the ceiling for a moment, swallowed hard and he clicked on the link.
Oh. There was a dark tone. Castiel was angry. Edgar didn’t like it when Castiel got angry. It made his chest hurt. He wanted the flower boy. The one the flowers kept chatting about. Not this one. He cawed quietly, hoping to get Castiel to stop. He didn’t know why his chest hurt.
What if I don’t remember at all? What if what I see are just fragments from the stars, showing me what they saw in their last moments?
Castiel closed the shop up, took Edgar onto his shoulder and went upstairs. Dean followed suit and while he wasn’t too fond of the bird being upstairs, he couldn’t expect Cas to leave Edgar in the shop.
“I could feel your longing,” someone behind him says and Dean whips around just to be face to face with Jack.
Fuck, Cas. I love you. I can’t get over you; how do I even start? I think about you every day. Did you hear my prayers? I’ve never stopped. I thought, that maybe, if I pray enough, that you’d hear me someday.”
“I think you should earn that privilege first, no? And let me tell you, it’s a privilege hard earned. So tell me,” he stopped for a second to lick across Dean’s cheek, “do you want an orgasm, or do you want to come upstairs with me?”
The Father didn’t know he could talk. And something told Edgar it was better that way. He puffed his feathers up; wanting to look bigger.
Edgar rattled at the door again. He didn’t like that John was with Castiel. He couldn’t say why. But nobody listened to him! He flapped his wings a bit. But nobody was here to even see him. Edgar puffed his feathers up and decided to sulk until someone would finally pay him some attention.
At least Cas had the decency to blush. “I know!” he defended himself, “I’m not very good with cleaning and I’m almost never here anyway.” He looked at his kitchen. “I put all my money in the shop, and that’s all I could afford and Edgar needs to eat more than I do and...“ he kept on rambling until Dean came up behind him and kissed his neck.
“Anyway,” Castiel continued, aiming his next words at Sam, “I hear you have magic, yes? You must know, I’m very interested in magic; it’s just so fascinating to me. I have none, you see, and I’d really like it if you could maybe show me something? I don’t want to be presumptuous, but I’d appreciate anything you’d be willing to show me.”
“What if we get you a vibrator too? You could wear it in public, and nobody would know. We could go somewhere, and I’d have the remote, and I’d increase the setting every now and then. We’d take the train, and only there I’d allow you to come. You’d have to be quiet and not let your face give you away. And –“.  At this point, Dean had slapped a hand over Castiel’s mouth because
You look up. That was Jack’s voice. There he is, beaming at you. He’s sitting in a wheelchair. You stare blankly for a few seconds.
“Rowena gave it to me, a bit ago. We were talking about you being worried and she said I could use that for motivational purposes.”
Castiel’s eyes darkened. He knew she had an interest in all sorts of magic. “No,” he said and kept walking towards the gate. After a good two seconds of contemplating, Rowena was following. It probably helped that Sam hadn’t taken his eyes off her.
Rowena smiled at him smugly when he came out of the room. He didn’t even need to say something to her; she just knew. Sam smiled shyly and she patted his back. “Very well done, Samuel,” she praised him. He blushed.
Dean barely understands the doctor. Castiel is filled up with that black goo stuff – his lungs, his stomach, everything. Jack still doesn’t show. Cas is dying, again, and Jack doesn’t care. It’s almost like there’s no change at all.
In his first night as a human, he had cried. He had wept tears because he had been so overwhelmed. How was he supposed to cope with this? How did Dean do it? How did Dean live with all these emotions inside his head? Was it just practice? It had been so easy as an angel. Any emotion he’s had, he could just sort of repress and put somewhere else and – they’ve been so much weaker. Maybe his grace had helped with dealing with these emotions.
Castiel looks at him with his big, blue, unblinking eyes. He frowns. Fuck, Dean had missed him so much.
“Cas,” Sam says again and you tense. You drifted off again. Sam must be getting irritated. He lets you go and you miss the warmth.
He looked over at the vase he had in his room. He’s – of course – kept every flower Castiel has given him. There weren’t many yet, since the orchid he got last was only number three, but they were important to him. Of course he didn’t remember what they were called. They were flowers. He got them, was way more focused on the giver than the actual gift and promptly forgot all the words Castiel had spoken about them. It was a shame. He knew flowers had their own language, and that they all meant something, but did he really want to look it up, at least for the orchid? What if they meant “annoyance” or something? He bit his lip.
When he crawls into bed next to Cas, he thinks about the people at the hospital. He forgot to ask Jack to remove their memories. It would work out, though, right? Cas is alive and he’s home and now he’s finally gonna get better.
When they are back at home, Dean prays to Jack. Cas fell asleep in the car as soon as they started driving back home and he hasn’t woken up since. But he also hasn’t coughed again which is probably a good sign.
His heart was beating fast and he didn’t even know why. He was a grown-ass adult and he wasn’t a child that needed his brother to approve of his new boyfriend or anything. Dean picked at his shirt and awaited Castiel’s answer. It was important to him that Sam and Cas got along because if they didn’t, then – then what would he do? He really lo-
Dean looks at Jack’s hands. A soul. He doesn’t know what that means for Cas but if Jack is so sure it’ll save him... why shouldn’t they try?
With Sam’s help, they get Goo into the car. In the back of his head, Dean isn’t looking forward to having to clean Baby from this stuff but he doesn’t really mind. If this is Cas – it has to be,
His heart was so full, and all because of Dean. He almost wanted to ask Sam to drive so that Dean could sit in the backseat with him but he didn’t dare. Dean got a blanket out of the trunk and wrapped Castiel in it. Castiel could only stare at Dean with big eyes. He felt so warm. It felt like his emotions had finally found a home. The blanket felt like Dean’s hug.
“He’s angry because he cares so much. One day, if I’m good, then he’ll care about me too. I just need to prove myself. Once I’ll do something right, he’ll smile at me, you know? I just have to earn his care. It’s okay. It’s okay.”
Dean frowned. What was that supposed to mean? Dad took Cas for a run? But Dad didn’t go for runs. Something didn’t make sense here. The bird flapped his wings, pulling Dean out of his thoughts.
Castiel helped Dean up while Rowena supported Sam a little. They made their way back to the car and Castiel got into the driving seat. Dean and Sam sat in the backseat while Rowena occupied the passenger seat.
“Dean,” Sam says and puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder. Dean tries to catch his breath. But all he knows is Cas. Cas Cas Cas Cas Cas Cas.
There was a small meadow behind the cemetery. It tended to be empty at most times, and the only time Dean’s ever seen more than a few people here had been during summer. There was a lake in the distance and they were alone. He stopped in his tracks and Castiel stepped next to him, hands full of dandelions.
Having so much power at one’s fingertip frightened society; and in recent years, regulation of magic had become stricter. Mages would require a teacher to instruct them how to properly control their powers and take a final exam at the end where they would be judged. Fail the exam; and they had to retry – until completed, they were forbidden to enter society.
Sam blinked. Maybe Castiel had talked about him? Yes, that must be it. And while yes, people would be able to guess they were related, they usually wouldn’t know that unless they were standing next to each other. Or maybe Dean came by so often that Edgar could just see the resemblance?
tone. The people on TV used it all the time. He imitated that tone for fun just to mess with Castiel. But he didn’t like hearing it himself.
He doesn’t think he can believe that. Something breaking apart must always be someone’s fault, right? Just like his parent’s divorce was Dad’s fault. Mom hadn’t done anything wrong, but Dad had. So, for him and Lisa – it must’ve been him. Maybe he hadn’t been able to satisfy her enough. Maybe he hadn’t had the money she’d been looking for. Maybe he hadn’t been enthusiastic enough about kids. Maybe it had been because he hadn’t proposed to her.
Dean busted through the door, hoping against hope that he wasn’t too late. His breaths came hard and fast and then – he stopped.
about him, Dean, he’s my father. But I didn’t want to come here without a solution. If I would’ve come and would’ve said I can’t do anything, you would’ve lost hope immediately. I’m – I’m sorry that I’m late. But we can fix this, Dean. Look.”
“Cas,” he says again and puts his hand on Goo’s face. “I’m here, baby. Tell me how to help you. Please. I need you back, Cas. I can’t – I’ve tried. Cas, I’ve tried to do it without you and I’m
Nobody was here. The bed looked as untouched as Dean remembered it. Dad would’ve never been caught dead with an unmade bed. But it was still so early in the morning that even Sam was still asleep. Something was wrong. He wasn’t able to pin-point what it was exactly, but
“We bought a house,” Sam says two months later. Dean just nods. It was inevitable and he’s happy for them. He smiles.
He kisses Cas in the morning before he goes to work; in the afternoon when he returns; when they make dinner; when they watch TV.
Castiel is lying on his couch for most of the day. Dean wants to believe that Cas watches him. He enjoys this – being watched by Cas. It had been too long. He couldn’t stop smiling because he’s happy.
Castiel closed his eyes. On the one hand he’d always wanted to know what had happened to Jack. On the other he had always believed that he had been adopted by a good family, had lived a good life and died a good death. And now here he was; none of these things true.
He rotates on the spot as if to show off. His eyes are bright and his smile is so wide. But you can’t help but feeling that hollow ache in your chest. He doesn’t need you anymore. He can go wherever he wants now.
There is a loud, and yet muffled sound and Dean points his gun at it. He looks over to Sam who just nods and Dean takes the lead. There. He can see it, nestled against the wall. It’s a blob that looks vaguely human-shaped. Its hand is outstretched but the arm is shaking and the thing looks like it’s covered in goo.
Dean snorted and unlocked the car, opening the door for Cas. “I think she forgives you and invites you to ride her.”
He flipped over to the side. “So good, Dean,” Castiel whispered close to his ears and he removed the belt from his wrists, kissing the faint mark they left behind. Dean watched Castiel and realised he’s never repaid the man any favour. He should do that.
Dean arrives at the park just shortly before noon. There aren’t many people here – a few joggers, a few dog-owners and a few parents with their strollers. Dean thinks that there might be a playground somewhere in the area. He’s never really been here before – he’s never had the time before. He wonders why.
He didn’t think that would go over very well. And some things, he hoped, would just be considered quirks.
Not to mention all the additional bullshit Castiel would have to unpack. Dean’s been in a mental constitution once; he doesn’t really have to go there again. And he certainly doesn’t want Cas to go there – also, again.
Magic was his tool. It would do what he wanted. So he placed down a flame in the middle of the ring and simply knew it wouldn’t spread. It would stay exactly the way it was. He turned his gaze back to his two testers who smiled at him.
Sam slumped forward in his chair. Dean couldn’t breathe. No. No no no no no no that wasn’t supposed to happen. Sam wasn’t supposed to getting shot. It couldn’t be. It couldn’t be true.They were supposed to drive back home. Together. They were supposed to go together. He was supposed to pamper Sam and tell him to never stray from his side ever again. Sam was supposed to give him a bitch face and be dismissive of his worries. Dean was supposed to worry and to call Sam every ten minutes just to make sure everything was alright.
It doesn’t take long to arrive at the scene. No humans have come to harm as of yet, so there’s no need to identify as the FBI again. They could just get in and get out.
He stepped forward to the box and stepped inside. Dean didn’t want to look. He wanted to run and when he came back, he wanted everything to be fine. Cas and Sam would be sitting in the library, talking about ancient texts and chastise him for just going out like that.
His body was shaking and then he felt Castiel’s arms around him. It was okay. Castiel was okay. Sam started to sob into his friend’s shoulder and he clung to him.
Dean believed him. Castiel would take good care of him, he simply knew that. So he just nodded and looked down at his bobbing cock. He was already dripping onto the bed and he wanted to imagine Castiel sleeping on top of that. Fuck. He just wanted to see that man naked, lying under him, with sweat on his body. Fuck. That picture in his head was just so good he almost came. The idea of coming all over Castiel’s bed did
“So good. You’re so good. We’ll fix this. I promise. We’ll fix this, together. I’m not letting you go. I’m never letting you go again, Cas.”
He didn’t understand. Why... why did he say that? Didn’t he feel all these same emotions that Castiel felt?
“You will not. But shall you lose it regardless, don’t fret. It’ll come back here, and I’ll come back to you.”
Sam is happy. It’s so easy to see on his face. It feels good. They got a win. They got a final win and Sam could finally have the white picket-fence that he deserves. And Dean would cope. Dean would just cope. Sam and Eileen would have babies and Dean could be the cool uncle.
“Magic. They drain it from me to use it however they please. I’m not sure what they want with it really.”
Castiel took his hand and led him into the back office. Dean’s never been there, and it looked like you’d expect. A dim light, a desk with a computer on it, shelves with paper on them and a dingy chair. It didn’t even roll.
He didn’t hear the chair scrape on the floor but then he felt two warm hands on his face. He opened his eyes and stared into Castiel’s face. “Hush, little one,” he said. His voice was strangely soothing.
Dean opens his eyes and he sees that they’re in the forest. He can’t remember walking this far; it all looks different from the few trees in the park. But maybe it’s the same? After all, Dean has never gone inside so what does he know? He trusts the stranger, oddly enough.
What if he tied Castiel down? He’d use nice, soft cloth, of course – he wouldn’t want to mark his man in any way. What would Cas look like, writhing and moaning and begging for Dean to bring him release? It’s been a long while since he’s fucked a guy. What would it feel like? That firm body under him, pushing back on his dick? What about that firm body above him, riding his cock like a fucking cowboy? What if
The magic dude hesitated. Dean guessed that a tiny display of magic usually solved a lot of problems. Wasn’t Cas afraid? Fred’s friend could fry him on the spot and most people would have chickened out by now. “George, come the fuck on! He ain’t kidding, he’s breakin’ my fuckin’ hand, dude!”
What happened to the guys who took Sam? He didn’t know. He didn’t care. They could shoot him now for all he cared. What did it matter anyway? Sammy was gone. Sam was
The two men just laughed as if Castiel had told them a good joke and Dean could hear his heartbeat hammering in his ears. They should just leave. They only had half an hour more anyway, it was okay. Now if only he could find the strength to actually voice that to Cas, that’d be good. But nothing came. He was still sitting on the bench, frozen in place.
The Empty can’t take you away from me. I won’t let it. You crawled your way back here again and again, and I
Dean sucked on his man’s neck, not noticing the panicked undertone of his voice. “I’ll be good for you, baby. I’m gonna make you feel so good.” Dean pushed his hand down Castiel’s pants, grabbing his dick. He wanted to see the dick that he would ride on. He needed to know how big it was, how thick, how it would taste inside of his mouth.
Dean couldn’t let go of Cas’ hand. Sam was standing behind them and he was snivelling. Normally, Dean would tease him for that but – not now. It took everything he had not to break down crying. The monster sat right there, as innocent as a table – the Ma’lak Box.
He could feel Rowena’s eyes on his back, and he went and bent down to retrieve the candle. “I’m sorry,” he said – whether it was to Rowena or the candle, no one would ever know. Maybe it would even be to both, because apparently, he was a dick today. He heard Rowena get up.
“Edgar here,” the voice said and It turned only its head this time. There was something sitting on its shoulder. What was that? It wasn’t a person. “Who are you?” It asked and It didn’t know what It should do. It begged The Voice to help It.
Sam doesn’t understand. Dean’s afraid that they will understand that Cas isn’t human and take him away. They’ll take him away and Dean will never get to see him again and they’re going to conduct experiments on him and Cas won’t understand and he’ll be in pain and Dean wouldn’t be able to save him because he can’t overthrow the government and Cas will think that Dean gave him to these people and he’ll resent Dean and wish him the worst and wish he’d never pull Dean out of hell –
“You didn’t. I never sleep that well, honestly. I’m halfway to becoming an insomniac. Why are you up?”
They haven’t been a couple for a few months now – they’ve just been living together. Lisa has been talking about kids, cooing over strollers in the streets. Dean wants kids too, someday – but not just yet.
“Oh! Hello, Sam! Did you send Edgar? I, ehm, I’m sorry for not hearing you enter. Did you need something?”
Castiel sighed dramatically and followed Dean. He noticed that Cas bent down to pick a few dandelions from the ground. He wasn’t blowing on them though, instead he collected a bunch, carefully carrying them. While they were still in the graveyard, his walking speed was still somewhat slow but as soon as they left the premises he sped up again. If Dean cared, he’d try to understand, but as things were he just accepted it as a thing that was what it was.
She took the crown and threw it into the ritual. If Sam truly had a piece of the crown it shouldn’t take long to locate him.
and it was all Dean’s fault. So he shook his head. “He’s gone,” he whispered. What was he going to tell Dad? What was he supposed to do now? Without Sam, his life lost meaning.
Dean sounded concerned. “Your father is gone,” he said and he felt Dean taking the smallest breath of relief. “And this place...”
Castiel grinned brightly. His eyes crinkled, and it was almost adorable enough to forgive him. Dean looked back to the road. If only he could stop thinking about Castiel having sex in the backseat. If only he could stop thinking about the sounds Castiel probably made.
“They didn’t really talk,” Castiel said, “it’s more of a telepathic link. Sam was giving rough information. Imagine it as if you were looking through someone’s eyes. It’s relatively hard to uphold as it requires both parties to be completely focused. Also we believe that Sam was handcuffed and cut off from his magic source.”
Was I whole before, perhaps, but if that was so – what shattered me? What put me back together? Where did the missing pieces go?
That was Sam’s voice. Castiel just nodded. He wasn’t completely there, yet, but it wouldn’t take that much time to recover. “What’s that in these tanks?” Dean wanted to know. Castiel turned his head a little.
, the man without faith. And through you – you became my faith. I believed in nothing, I had faith in nothing – except you. I had faith in you. When you were gone, so was my faith gone. And when you returned, you brought it back with you.
“And Cas would’ve liked you too. He has a tan coat, you know? It’s the one you always try to sniff like there are treats inside the pockets. Cas would’ve always had some for you, you know? He’s good like that. You would’ve gotten along really well.”
