“But you screwed that up, didn’t you,” said his fourth grade teacher, shaking her finger at him scoldingly. Dean didn’t bother trying to offer Mrs. Davison any excuses, since he was reasonably certain she’d died ten years before and didn’t really need any. He blinked upward at the tree branches overhead, watching the leaves dance. The pain in his leg had actually abated somewhat, though he was fairly sure that it wasn’t a marker of good things.
“What, you feeling tired already?” Dean teased. In fairness, they’d already covered more miles than a typical assigned run, but Dean had always been more of an endurance guy than a sprinter.
“Please don’t make me leave,” he said, trying desperately to interpret the look on her face. “I promise, I’m not infected.”
Dean had been about to deny the allegation, but he caught himself before he could. “Um,” he said. “Would buying me seedlings count? Even if they were vegetables, not flowers?”
, fretted Dean as he carefully pushed the door open as silently as he could manage.
Castiel’s foot brushed something on the ground at the same moment as he heard Dean yelp and swear violently. Squinting through the haze filling his vision, Castiel saw that the ground around them was now covered with copies of Dean, just like in the asylum, by the hundreds. This time, though, every one of them was bloody, torn, dead. Castiel tried to cringe away, but he stumbled over another corpse’s arm. His heart was pounding far too quickly; he was going to vomit, he was going to black out.
After all his earlier warnings and dire predictions, now that the ink was dry and the deed was done, Sam was at least trying to show a little more enthusiasm than he had before now. “You really don’t want me to see the place yet?” he said, repeating himself for the third or fourth time, over the phone. His voice was a little muffled on Dean’s end, since Dean was currently attempting to hold the cell between his shoulder and cheek while shoving large cardboard boxes into a corner of what would eventually be the dining room. Some of the fraying carpet tufts kept snagging on the edges of the box, turning what should have been an easy slide into a frustrating, halting struggle. The slide over the last few feet was accompanied by the sound of quiet ripping. Whoops.
“Give the boy a gold star,” Billie nodded. “Or at least, you’ve got the general gist of it. They were dead, but they were also sleeping. Don’t try to wrap your head around that, or you’ll make yourself dizzy.”
They sat, just looking at each other in silence as the moment stretched. Dean was disturbingly gorgeous, and, ironically, that was one of the big reasons why Castiel kept swaying back to the argument that this was a fantasy born of desperate wishing. Reality could never have created a man so utterly beautiful.
“Hey, I’ll just be happy when I can finally move out of the dorms,” Kevin said, quirking a rueful smile. “Mom thinks it’s a better learning environment, but the next time some jackass pulls the fire alarm at two in the morning, I’m going to move into one of the study rooms down in the basement of this building. The vending machine food here is probably healthier than what they serve in the cafeteria, anyway.”
As he spoke, Castiel’s eyes moved in an arc across the ceiling, as though he could see through walls and ceilings and assess every part of the structure from where he was standing. Dean, on the other hand, was scanning Castiel, and his stomach was doing a slow roll inside of him. He hadn’t really put together, until that very moment, that there was a very real shot clock ticking here, and he needed to get it together while he still had the luxury of this dedicated time with Castiel.
“I’ll stay with you,” Castiel corrected, smiling faintly. “Though I think, after today, I’d like a break from running. Perhaps your greenhouses could use an apiary? I haven’t heard about zombie bees. It would be a refreshing change.”
“I could be interested,” Castiel said, taking the book into his own lap. Someone snorted. Without looking up, Castiel flipped his middle finger in the general direction of the sound. “I meant in general, not just about Dean’s underwear.”
“You son of a bitch!” Dean roared, hand shooting out to grab at the collar of the Entity’s shirt the moment he’d awakened and realized he wasn’t alone. The thin fabric felt cool and slippery between his fingers as he yanked the Entity toward him so that they were standing face to face. This time, it had chosen to clothe itself in an expensive-looking silk blouse, along with a pencil skirt and towering heels that put it almost eye to eye with him, despite that it was currently somewhat smaller in stature. The heart-shaped face of Bela Talbot smirked up at Dean, fluttering her eyelashes and apparently relishing his display of impotent fury.
He wondered whether John Lennon was a poor choice for his current state of mind. He balanced on one foot, and the pose felt like an echo of the struggle for balance in his brain. A slip, an unexpected sound to startle the nerves, and down he might fall—down, down, into a bottomless abyss.
nicknames—”
“Dean,” Amelia said, sounding hesitant. “I just…I am
“You can’t even eat burgers without trying to sweeten them up, can you?” Dean sighed, then turned and got Gabriel his burger and a few strips of bacon from the foil-lined top rack of the grill. It was an extremely calculated risk, having Gabriel here at all, and only a carefully outlined plan had let Dean feel okay about taking it. It had only been a month since Castiel had finally, grudgingly, admitted that maybe he should let his brother in on the fact that he and Dean were dating, and he was now dealing with exactly as much shit as he’d feared. On the other hand, Gabriel had decided he actually liked Dean—though being on the receiving end of Gabriel’s “friendly” behavior had made Dean terrified of ever becoming his enemy.
couldn’t do anything at all, and the thing lurched forward and grabbed at him.
“Dad, could you
“Yeah, hah, I will. He actually teased me some, talking about how proud he was that I’d finally broken my streak of nightmare dates. Kind of funny, right? You and me, putting on that act, and it turned out better than most of my real dates lately.” Dean was watching Castiel closely, searching for any subtle reactions, but the way he had turned back to examine the work he was doing made that difficult.
“Burgers and fries,” Dean confirmed. “And Ellen threw in some pie, but she says it’s in exchange for a jar of the tomatoes you told her you canned from our plants this summer. Since when do the two of you chat about cooking, anyway?”
Beta reader: "That is not safe business practice, Castiel. I'm pretty sure Gabe is not insured for this."
The past and the present were twisting around each other in sickening patterns, as voices and memories of voices overlapped. Castiel smelled blood nearby, acrid and unpleasant. It made the hairs on the back of his neck rise, and his hand sought the comforting presence of his angel blade. Nothing happened; his blade was gone.
Caught off guard, Castiel almost laughed again, but it turned into a coughing, choking fit, and he nearly collapsed. When he had recovered enough to open his bleary eyes once more, Dean’s brother was squatting next to them, supporting Castiel behind his back with his large, warm hand.
end up getting that we can be grateful for.”
Pursing his lips in an epic bitchface, Sam pointed at the sandwich section of the menu. “You should consider broadening your horizons a bit, you know. I bet Cas would enjoy a place like this, as someone working in his field.”
“There’s a secretary’s desk on the other side of that partition, there,” Castiel called. “It has a sliding window to the hall. If it’s clear, we can try going through that.”
"You need to go," Naomi said. Her voice cracked, ever so slightly, on the last word, and she broke eye contact, dropping her gaze to the last photo she'd reached. It must have been Castiel's college graduation, Dean thought. He was looking away from the camera, focused on something off to the side as he stood between his brother and sister, who were smiling confidently. Despite being the center of the celebration, Castiel looked far less polished than his siblings; his unfastened robes showed a tie hanging loose and backward, and his hair was rumpled from the cap. A hint of shadow covered his jaw, as though he hadn't put much effort into shaving that morning. Dean wondered whether this was before or after Castiel had run off in search of that little bit of solitude.
he thought.
parties.”
Dean had no idea how much time had elapsed since the most amazing moment of his entire life had shattered into the absolute worst. Had it been an hour? A week? Time in the Empty passed strangely, as Castiel had described from his own experience, and Dean’s mind was still reeling, struggling and failing to process how the events leading to his current situation could have gone so wrong. It hadn’t mattered how many potential pitfalls, fatal counterstrikes, and apocalyptic consequences that he, Sam, and the rest of the gang had considered from every angle and tried their best to anticipate before taking action; the unimaginable, when it came, had struck completely out of the blue, stunning them all. There was simply no way Dean could have seen it coming.
“Just think of the stories you’ll have when it’s all over,” Castiel said, the noises of thumping and banging resuming. Dean shook his head, thinking it would be a long, long time before he’d be able to find much humor in any of this.
Dean snickered as he spooned up a bite of stew. The food wasn’t bad, particularly since Benny had wandered into camp and brought with him his impressive background as an experienced line cook. The seasoning was that much more improved by the good company, though. The group of Runners in New Lebanon, formerly Camp Last Call, were a raucous and motley bunch, but they were as tight-knit as any family, and certainly closer than most of the actual family Dean had once known. The camaraderie between all of them was one of the few good things to come out of the whole mess, he figured.
screeched Dean’s brain, as he was forced to try concealing a whimper inside a coughing fit. Castiel didn’t seem to notice, as he was too busy laughing at his own joke. “I’m sure it’s not precisely illegal, anyway. Just a touch unorthodox. You should see what he uses for headaches.”
to take you shopping, by force if necessary, and get you into something other than that tired, sad trench. Anyway, what you lack in fashion, I’m sure you made up for in crates of musty old books.”
“Please shut up.”
“It’s just that…you’re right, Cas is good for me. Awesome, actually. Meeting him, it was like a bombshell out of nowhere, when I wasn’t even looking, and when I try to imagine what my life would be like without him in it, I can’t…I…”
The last box was smaller than his fist, and it would have been easily missed under the larger pile of gifts. That is, it would have been missed had it been there from the start, and had Dean not, in fact, slipped it into the mix early on in the happy confusion of the unwrapping. Now he palmed it, tossing it lightly into the air. “This one’s making me nervous,” he said. “Scary things come in small packages, you know. Here, Cas, why don’t you take a guess about it before the paper comes off?”
“We will be.”
“Sure,” said Dean, though he’d really never given a whole lot of thought to plants. “I like green stuff.”
Dean spluttered, utterly flummoxed by how the situation was turning out. “I’m not a damn killer!” he shouted after him, belatedly remembering that he was supposed to be avoiding attention from his neighbors, not attracting it.
“Novak?” he said, sure that he had misunderstood. He lifted a hand to the back of his head, wondering if he’d actually hit it on the ground in the fall.
It had been almost a week since their misadventure in the woods, and in that time he and Claire hadn’t seen each other in person once. Dean had been whisked away to the hospital emergency room, where they’d basically blasted him with weapons-grade antibiotics to fight the systemic infection his body was battling. A roomful of doctors had poked and prodded at the weird sore on his leg (which he was still extremely grateful that he couldn’t see for himself; seeing Castiel go paper-white and swallow convulsively at the sight of it had told Dean all he cared to know), before finally deciding he’d managed to be bitten by a spider.
be viewed that way, he decided, and so here he was, chasing a dream in which he could capture other people’s crazy stories in history texts that might actually mean something to bored teenagers.
“Not even my party, though,” Dean complained, shaking his head. “It’s just one thing after another. I told you Sammy’s in visiting me, right?”
fail. They would make it through this, no matter what he had to do.
Castiel held up his palms in a gesture of skeptical surrender. “I’m sure you’re a capable guy, Dean. I’m just saying. Everyone watches ‘This Old House’ or whatever sanitized version of reality they’re selling on television, and they think it’s a matter of renting a floor sander and knocking down a few walls—which are never, ever load-bearing, of course—to make some sort of ‘open floor plan’ paradise out of the run-down shack that they alone could see as the true diamond in the rough it always was.” He snorted, shaking his head. “I’m not saying that’s what you did, but honestly, I’ve seen it happen a thousand times. Home improvement is rarely, if ever, a one-man job.”
All at once, the pleasurable heat that had been coiling in Dean’s core from the moment Castiel had directed that first bit of praise toward him, and which had ignited into a maelstrom with the reference to “pretty boys,” was extinguished.
I want to go back to the water.”
“I’m sorry, but I missed the part where you said we were leaving tomorrow morning,” Castiel retaliated. “I’m bruised, but I’m healing, and in another week I’ll be fine. You said yourself that we’ll need my sister to sign off on this, and between that and getting the military back-up, my injuries will not be an issue. And ‘out of practice’ is an assessment so laughable that I’m not going to bother addressing it.”
Dean held up his hands, shrugging and shaking his head. “Ain’t gonna argue with you, Sam. It’s insane, is what it is. But listen to me for real, now. I’d already figured the guy was in the state. Then Charlie’s antenna said he was somewhere to the south.” Sam looked as if he was going to interrupt and argue, so Dean cut to the chase. “And he’s playing
“What the hell’s that supposed to…aw, don’t tell me you’re bringing back another stray. You were meant to be going after wires and screwdrivers and crap, not people.” Dean could almost see Bobby slumping back in his chair, yanking off his cap to run a hand through his thinning hair.
“Oh, the bag!” He’d almost forgotten to ask. It was sitting in the corner, the guitar case propped against the worn fabric. The faint whisper of his father’s orders came back at the sight, a little more raw than usual coming on the heels of the nightmare. He probably shouldn’t have bothered bringing it with him; he probably should have dumped it somewhere a year ago, when it become obvious that there was no longer a point in hauling it around. After everything, though, he couldn’t give up this last thread, certainly no more than a useless relic anymore, connecting him to his past and to his family.
“Sir?” she asked. Her brow furrowed, but she held herself in restraint, hands fisted at the small of her back like she was standing in front of her CO instead of her own father. Castiel felt a scream building in his throat.
“Not remotely what I’m getting at,” Sam interrupted, “and I know. Surgery on four impacted wisdom teeth, Dean. You were a little occupied that week.”
Naomi was scrolling through her texts again, barely listening. “Check your phone,” she said. “There’s probably orders from whoever led your company in OCS, since you’re between stations right now.”
“I love the goat
he responded to the text.
He stopped in the middle of his sentence when his vision cleared and he was able to see the hard truth: he was the only one awake. Nothing seemed to have changed at all since he’d last been in this position. Castiel was still sprawled carelessly on his stomach, all his joints loose and bent oddly.
“Oh, they’ve added chili as a seasonal soup,” Sam said happily, pointing at the specials written on a decorative chalkboard on the wall. “Soup would be easier to eat with one hand than a sandwich, too. I still can’t believe you maimed yourself and didn’t even bother to call me.”
“Tell Donna she can have this one if she gets out here with her shotgun! I’m never touching a saddle again,” growled Dean, leaning forward slightly, perhaps squinting into the distance toward home, or maybe just trying to prevent his ass from bouncing any harder against the unforgiving leather.
“Well, I can’t imagine why,” Castiel sighed, scraping away at a bit of the mold with his pencil tip.
21 October 2022
Billie shrugged placidly at the assessment. “Pretty much,” she said.
“He was a Newbery judge, you know,” Castiel added snidely, rolling his eyes. “Pompous ass, trotting that out every time he wants to get his way. He can take his Newbery experience and shove it right up his—”
worried yet. It was still scary, though.
. It wasn’t that he had a bodybuilder’s sculpted physique, but the muscles on Castiel’s torso had been defined through hours of physical labor, and not a bit of him didn’t radiate power. Dean felt an irresistible urge to get his mouth on one of the hip bones jutting proudly above the waistline of his low-slung jeans.
“Like I’ve said the last three times you said that, I’m not kidding in the least,” Sam insisted. “It’ll work, Dean. Look, you want to get back quick, and so do I. I don’t know about you, but there’s no way in hell my legs are going to be up for running all the way back even by tomorrow. In fact, it’s a pretty fair bet that we’re both going to be waking up in some serious agony tomorrow morning. Also,” he added with a significant glance toward Castiel, “this time it won’t be just you and me and a few weapons to carry.”
To her credit, she didn’t quail at all under Dean’s stony expression. “Dean, I think at this point everyone in town knows your position on the matter, as well as what you think about following instructions that might run counter to that. You’re lucky I didn’t tell Major Novak you were in here with him when she came by again this morning. You can’t avoid her forever.”
Spike Trotman is real, and I've met her. She's awesome.
(See the end of the chapter for
Reaching across the counter, Sam punched Dean on the shoulder. “You and Cas, too. I don’t know if you can see what the rest of us see, but it’s so obvious. He’s been really good for you.”
Dean chuckled nervously. “You might be saying that now, but…what the hell. I guess I might as well do a trial run for this. You’re probably going to be pretty annoyed with me, too.”
“...and if that man argues
“Okay, but if I didn’t, can we get back to what we were doing?” Dean asked lamely. The shock of the pain had partly diminished his physical arousal, but his head was still very much in the game.
“I’m okay, baby,” he tried to reply, but his tongue felt thick in his mouth and he was pretty sure the words were slurred at best. “Tired,” he attempted again. “Mommy’s coming soon.”
Meg lifted an eyebrow, tapping the phone against her opposite palm. “You can chalk it up to how many hours I’ve spent slaving for you that I could actually parse that incoherent nonsense and get the gist of what you meant. You heard me say there was sexual tension in your texts, and that it explained why Castiel is putting you ahead of common sense and company policy, and from that you inferred that it looks like you’re pining and he’s politely ignoring it. Am I right?”
“I’m fine, Sammy. Also, we’ve been over this. Chili’s stew, not soup,” Dean argued. “And there’s nothing ‘seasonal’ about mango chili. I don’t even know in what universe those two things go together. Is there a burger on this menu that involved a cow at one point in time?”
“Oh, yeah? Like what?” Letting his own hands drift downward over his boyfriend’s hips, Dean felt his heart rate start to quicken again. He probably wasn’t getting it up again anytime soon, but that didn’t mean he couldn’t enjoy the lazy pleasure of a little post-coital handsiness.
“Will somebody please tell me what’s going on?” Gabriel nearly begged, and Sam looked mutinous as he crossed the room to stand by the other man in solidarity.
Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep.
Bouncing the key in his hand, Dean sighed. He was pretty destroyed, too, but he also didn’t want to put Charlie any more at risk with Naomi, and he didn’t want to scare her, either. “Makes you wish we’d left Baby here when we took off the last time,” he said, glancing toward the small gravel patch where the classic Chevy would have been parked. “She’d probably have been hotwired and long gone, but would have been nice.”
“I don’t care what it is!”
“We’re moving slower than we expected since I’m carrying Claire and Dean’s packing the whole hardware store haul by himself,” Sam went on. “But we’re coming up on Limestone Creek, so you should have us on camera soon.”
Well, okay, then. Dean wasn’t about to disobey, especially when the instruction was framed like an undeniable command. Before he could give conscious thought to it, Dean was rocking backward on the crate, raising his legs in front of him. In short order, Castiel had his jeans and boxers jerked to his ankles and then off, taking his shoes with them. Then Castiel paused, standing over him and studying him in a predatory manner.
“That’s not what this is about,” Dean argued unconvincingly, even to himself.
“Burgers and pie and pretzels and beer,” Sam chanted. He laughed, and it echoed strangely all around them. “And I’ve got some fireworks for later, when the sun goes down and the time runs out.”
the wicked little voice in his brain, the one that loved to believe the worst, insisted) that Dean felt like screaming. “Nobody would judge you if you needed—”
“But what if I screw it up?” Dean blurted. His knuckles were white where he was gripping his bottle, and he forced himself to relax his hand and put the drink down on the counter. “You remember what happened with Lisa. I thought that was going to work out, right up until she walked out because I wasn’t giving her what she needed. That completely blindsided me, Sam, and Lisa’s just the most recent time that happened. How many times have I fucked up potential relationships without even trying?”
“Yeah, whatever,” she said. “By the way, your brother was texting you during the lecture. Doesn’t he know that triple-texting just makes him look desperate?”
“Well, it turns out that while he was away at college, the kid turned into even more of a morning person, and he likes to exercise at the crack of dawn, like a crazy person. And he’s one of those people who thinks everyone else needs to share the fun, too, so if I don’t want to get roped into jogging up and down the street with somebody who wants to talk about
Hesitantly, he crouched beside Castiel, feeling the surrounding heat build with every inch closed between them. A twinge in his chest made him realize he was barely breathing. Cas? Time to open your—
Dean groaned, not because he knew where this was headed, but because Castiel punctuated his request with an open-mouthed glide of his lips over the bolt of Dean’s jaw.
“I know you’re not. I’m the one who told you that, if you’ll remember,” Dean said, a gentle teasing note in his voice. Castiel finally worked up the courage to meet his eyes again at that, and he was smiling. “But if feeling a connection to somebody you only know through a one-sided interaction is a mark of insanity, then Tessa’s gonna have to give me the same pills she’d give you.” Castiel stared, confused, and Dean rolled his eyes and grimaced in a show of reluctant embarrassment. “So when you were talking about all the concerts you’ve attended, or the pranks in college, or even past relationships? It may almost have slipped my mind, listening to all that, that I was supposed to be worried about you. All I could think was, ‘God, I really wish I could meet this guy for real.’”
“And I’m sure she’s being totally up-front about it, too,” Sam sighed. “But setting that aside—which, by the way, Major Novak is
“Wise words,” Dean agreed. He grunted at the ache in his muscles as he pushed himself to his feet. They had reached the insulation and drywall stage of the renovation project, and Dean’s body had angry words to say about all the lifting that accompanied that. “If you don’t rat me out to your mom, you can crash on the couch in here instead. Just clean up after yourself, okay?” He’d been a freshman too once, and some of those nightmares still came back to haunt him on occasion.
“But if we narrowed it down,” Castiel said, growing more determined. “We know the approximate point where they turned around and headed downhill. They left the trail somewhere between there and camp. If we just started there, scenting the sides of the trail, maybe we could pick up something?” Ranger Lafitte gave him a skeptical look, and Castiel could tell he was about to refuse. “What else are we going to be doing? You were going to be searching the edges of the trail anyway. What’s the harm in letting us walk the path, too?”
Dean snorted. “You love the goats,” he said.
“I dunno,” said Dean, wishing with all his heart that he could have that kind of promise for something other than construction materials. “Maybe if I’d managed to really get a good, gruesome spray, I could have left a lovely gift for the next owners. Like that…did we ever decide what that skeleton was?”
“Naomi,” he replied. Then he tipped his head in a show of consideration. “Or should I be calling you ‘Major’? I’m not sure what protocol is here, you see. Am I your long-lost brother, or are we keeping this to some sort of formal acquaintanceship? I only ask because it seemed rather strange that my arrival here doesn’t seem to have even warranted a courier message from you, which isn’t exactly indicative of familial closeness.”
He’d gotten to know the other Runners, as well, and he found them to be a raucous but friendly group, despite the teasing they’d hurled at Dean when he’d led Castiel to their long dinner table the first time. Despite Castiel’s usual level of shamelessness, the curly-haired brunette named Meg had managed to make his ears burn with some of her cruder suggestions until a few of the others took pity on them and steered the conversation around to their long-running competition of zombie kill counts. (He’d definitely made note, however, of which suggestions had made Dean blush the hardest.)
A cool cloth brushed against his forehead, and, startled, his eyes flew open wide as he gasped. His sudden reaction managed to surprise the person standing over him, who jumped and nearly dropped the compress. “Jesus, you’re awake!” Dean blurted.
Sarcasm tinged his words, and Dean snorted a laugh.
One small detail gave him any proof at all that he hadn’t created the whole scenario in his own head. When Dean shouted, the stretch of his cheeks around his open mouth sent a sharp sting along one cheek. He touched it with his fingers, and they came away wet with a small smear of blood.
His nerves were all on end, and he kept climbing and climbing.
“Anything,” Dean hurried to respond. “You name it, Cas.”
At the same time, though, the idea that he was living in some sort of zen state didn’t feel quite accurate. Now that he knew how amazing it felt to have this, the terror of losing it was that much more keen.
His own arms had wrapped themselves around Castiel’s back at some point. The muscles there were straining and flexing under his fingertips, as there was hardly a moment in which Castiel wasn’t in motion. He couldn’t seem to decide which parts of Dean he wanted to touch most, running his hands over his shoulders and along his neck before sliding forward to explore his chest. When they slipped lower to grab firmly at his ass, Dean’s throat seized on the inhale, breaking on an involuntary high-pitched note. Castiel chuckled, a filthy sound, against the corner of his mouth.
“Castiel, you’re technically still an officer in the United States Army. You don’t have the option to say no.”
Side note: I had multiple people giving me major side-eye when I was trying to investigate how long domesticated horses might be able to survive after the death of their humans. For the sake of not getting into all the details that would have bogged things down, assume that these horses were able to get in and out of their stable, that there had been a lot of grain stored up inside in bags that could be chewed open, and that their outdoor paddock was near to an uncontaminated lake and good grazing.
Abruptly, Sam had stepped backward, releasing Dean from his hold. "You've lost your mind," he had said. "Overheating, or…or exhaustion, or maybe PTSD finally kicking in, but I think you need to just sit down for a minute. I'll go get the doctor, and—"
Castiel rolled onto his side, stopping Dean from trying to hide his face against his shoulder. “I like hearing you say it,” he said softly. “For the record, you’re something special to me, too.” The way Castiel was looking at him with such softness, along with the words, had Dean feeling even warmer in his core than he’d already been. Snaking his fingers through damp strands of hair, he pulled Castiel’s face closer for a deep kiss.
Already on his way out the door, Dean paused.  “Dude, I was just going to throw it in the garbage,” he said. “Am I not allowed to do that? Is there a health code thing?”
The pair sauntered off, still gossiping, while Dean tried to make sort through what he’d just learned. So, Castiel was dreaming about the time when Anna was still on the run from Heaven, before she’d decided to rejoin Team Apocalypse. That had been an insane time, with everyone on their tails and trying to make them fit their little apocalypse plan. Anna’s betrayal had been a low blow.
“Damn it,” Sam muttered. That was exactly the way Crowley had described Castiel’s non-reaction to him, right up until the point at which Lucifer discovered Crowley’s presence and put an end to his communication attempts. “You’re sure that there’s nothing at all we can do to help?”
“Awesome,” Dean breathed in relief. “‘Not terrible’ is starting to become my new favorite phrase.”
He caught other exchanges, ranging from what sounded suspiciously like water cooler gossip to those talks that seemed more akin to memo dictation. Other familiar names continued to crop up: some talk of Zachariah, a few far more reverent mentions of Raphael and Michael. One passing angel that Dean strongly suspected of being a Cupid, based on the unsettling amount of bare skin Dean had glimpsed before he’d jumped behind a corner, was speaking in English to a suit-clad companion, though their conversation was no less confusing for not being in Enochian.
against his own skin.
The goosebumps on Dean’s skin had nothing to do with the cool temperatures or the fog in the air. “Think the ghosts would mind if I kissed you on their bridge?” he asked, stepping closer. Castiel didn’t bother answering, instead using his grip on Dean’s hand to haul him forward the last step so that he could kiss the breath from Dean’s lungs.
“All right, think,” he said out loud. “What’s the real goal here? We’re not trying to find a path out of Purgatory this time. We only need to survive long enough for you to come to terms with the situation enough to be able to end the dream. How am I supposed to keep us alive in the meantime without even a weapon, though?” Dean didn’t even have the basic knife he’d started with the first time he’d been to Purgatory; with that, he’d been able to kill one of the monsters and loot its corpse for a weapon better suited to this place. “Shit, if only I still had that blade I took from here…”
They sat quietly, just holding hands for a few moments. Castiel closed his eyes, lowered his head. “My sister is alive,” he said. “I sometimes wondered. But I never let myself hope. And she’s here?” His eyes were shining, a clear blue that seemed brighter than before, when he opened them.
Dean was eyeing him, humor making the corners of his mouth twitch. Apparently, Castiel’s own discomfort was helping distract Dean from his doubts. “Yeah, I think they know that,” he murmured. “Kinda the way this works.”
“Shut up,” Bobby growled. “And no, I am not. Not that it’s any of your business what I choose to do, but don’t you think I know better than to be distracted when I’ve got Runners in the field?”
They kept moving, using the creek to guide their path southward. The water was clear and cold, but neither of them were willing to trust the quality too far, not when iodine tablets were available for added insurance when they needed to drink. Dean felt rather grateful that if they had to do this, at least it wasn’t happening at the peak of summer heat. He was stooping to splash a little water on his face when Sam made a thoughtful sound.
“I’ve never met him, either. Sometimes, you just have to go with your gut. Mine told me to trust you. Yours told you not to hesitate. No matter how it shakes out, I feel like we’re trying to do the right thing, so I can’t feel bad about doing it.”
But even if Dean hadn’t felt his stomach turn with an immediate swell of distaste over the idea of diving back into his old one-night stand habit, there was the matter of logistics. How was he supposed to bring somebody back to his place, which, while improving, was still not exactly company-ready? Not only that, but every unfinished area reminded him of Castiel, and those strong and capable hands shaping the home into a place that Dean would probably never be able to look at without thinking about him.
“Would you court martial me?” he asked Naomi, voice surprisingly mild. “Is it truly the priority of the Army to chase down former soldiers who’ve gone AWOL at this point? Because I’m sure there are plenty.”
“Maybe, though they could still have been killed,” Naomi said. “Also, many of the files show that patients who got those shots died of ‘unknown neural disorders’ or other brain-related issues. They were spread out over multiple bases, administered when he traveled, or else someone had to have noticed.”
“Thanks, Charlie,” he said quietly. His throat tightened at the thought that, if they ended up going gray, she would probably keep trying to reach them long after there was no point. “Even if you can’t see us or tell us about any trouble in our path, just hearing your voice will be good.”
Jumping to his feet with a chuckle, Dean dropped a kiss on Castiel’s temple, then practically skipped toward the door. Impulsively, he planted a kiss on Tessa’s cheek as well. “Take good care of him, Doc,” he said as she spluttered, then dashed out the door with the sound of Castiel’s deep laughter following him.
“You know, I am technically your boss,” he protested, though any authority he’d ever had was being sapped by his current position: sitting backwards on a second office chair and leaning his forehead against the top of the headrest.
Sam’s smirk said that he knew perfectly well what Dean’s brain wasn’t ready to let him say out loud. “Only for your wallet,” he said. “Dating’s expensive these days.”
Then again, maybe there was a difference. Dean squinted at the tiny furrow between Castiel’s eyes.
“Does any part of that add up to the sort of person to blast Celine Dion at seven o’clock in the morning for three days straight?”
he was saying now, aimlessly improvising some harmonies.
Dean scrambled over first, and when Sam’s feet thumped to the ground behind him, he was already on the far side of the dam’s outlet works access house, feeling along the corner for the loose brick that, if he was lucky, still concealed the spare key. He grunted in satisfaction when he found it, then grinned when his searching fingertips brushed metal.
“I mean,” said Castiel impatiently, “that I am the one who sent them. I presume that you are the complete assbutt who’s been playing practical jokes on a complete stranger, then?”
“It’s me! It’s Dean, Cas! You gotta calm down, man, and I’m going to get you out of here.” When Cas had jumped, the needle, which had been looser than Dean had expected and feared, had all but fallen out of both the contraption and Castiel’s temple. The hole that it left behind filled Dean with the rabid urge to drive needles into every part of Naomi he could reach, and he doubled his efforts to gentle his hands even more as he moved on to removing the next needle.
“I believe those are probably work horses,” Castiel told Dean. “They’re very even-tempered and docile. If you’re nervous about riding, you should consider one of them for yourself, too.”
Castiel looked up from the screen, from which he’d been reading aloud the comments on their video. “There are actually a couple of replies to that comment, arguing over who is actually your biggest fan. I think one of them is claiming that title for herself, not her child.”
“Probably, but it seems to work for her,” Dean said with a shrug. “Anyway, she can take it from here, so let’s get you home. I’ve had some stew going in the slow cooker, so you don’t even have to think.”
“Thank God,” Jimmy said when he saw them. “Extra sets of hands. Between the four of us, we might just be able to survive camping with a pup.” One of the tent poles, under tension, popped free as he spoke, and Castiel dropped his bag so he could help with wrestling it into submission.
In retrospect, those words were obvious candidates for the category of “Famous Last.”
Charlie nodded. “Madison. Tiny little bite on her finger, from a kid zom she didn’t know had turned. I guess it just took longer to go through her system, but it did. And Major Novak’s sure her brother got bitten?”
“Almost done, I promise,” Dean swore, struggling to remind himself that this wasn’t actually happening, that they were in a memory and not actually in Heaven’s torture department. Then again, this was an angel’s dream, and if Dean could be hurt or killed, maybe angels could, too. “Naomi’s not here, but she’ll probably be back. We have to go, right now. Can you walk, or…”
Castiel released a deep breath and dropped his head into the crook of Dean’s neck. “We’re in for it now,” he said. “Between the two of them, we’re totally screwed, aren’t we?”
“‘Eisenhower was Infantry,’” Castiel mimicked bitterly, after taking a long drink from the bottle of beer he’d snatched from the fridge before storming off to his childhood bedroom. “‘MacArthur started as Engineer, but he
There were other bodies strewn along the way, as well as pieces. Not all of them were easily recognizable as having been turned before being killed a second time, but enough were that they could hazard guesses. Someone had lived; someone had managed to survive at least long enough to kill these guys and make it through the doors, barring them behind themselves. There was the strong likelihood that they might have been bitten in the fighting, turning gray after they made it out, certainly. There was no way to know the rest of the story.
Dean smiled, turning his hand over to grasp the hand Castiel had put over his. “So if I’m not supposed to feel guilty for not protecting you, what’s that say about your responsibility to keep your dad alive? You don’t think that’s a little insulting to him?”
“Uh,” Dean said. “Do—do you really think I…I mean, I guess—”
It wasn’t hardwood, that was for certain. It wasn’t even unfinished subfloor. “Those assholes
Dean and Tessa were still arguing, oblivious to his bewilderment. “Nobody wants to just throw him out of camp,” she was saying. “But you have to understand that this isn’t anything we’ve seen, and—”
“Or else he had help covering it up, from people like Dad,” Castiel said. His voice was rough with tiredness, and he had his arm wrapped around Dean’s waist, refusing to let go.
me do it, over and over.”
As dinner ended and everybody began wandering off to either train, head back to work, or hit the dorms for shut-eye, Dean decided he’d earned a reward. Sam was off in the camp’s fledgling kennels, cooing over some sheepdog puppies born a couple of weeks ago, so there was no chance he’d be back to the dorm any time soon. They were due a rest day tomorrow, anyway, so there was no need to crash early. The evening free, Dean turned his feet toward the heart of the camp, to the building that had somehow managed to give birth to a town.
Despite Dean telling everybody not to worry about housewarming presents, a small pile of them had accumulated on his coffee table while he’d been grilling. “Am I supposed to open these now or later?” he wondered, staring at them in bemusement.
“Dean,” Castiel said, jogging alongside him. “It’s been too long since I’ve been able to get out and run.” His cheeks were slightly pink, and he seemed to be actually enjoying himself, judging by the sparkle in his eyes. He also seemed to be barely breaking a sweat.
Castiel was wearing a tiny, tentative smile of encouragement when he maneuvered his horse close beside Dean’s as they made their way out of the paddock. Maybe he was just making sure he’d be within grabbing distance of Dean’s reins if the stallion decided to bolt, but it didn’t matter one bit. The two of them let Sam take the lead, turning north toward home.
“Dean,” he muttered. “Dean Winchester. Knock it off with the ‘speck’ business.”
Castiel coughed, creating a little eddy of air in the dust. He tried to speak, but he still couldn’t manage enough air to do it. His arm throbbed sharply from where he must have landed on it, and he gasped hoarsely through his teeth.
want? Not that he’d ever given his location, but surely it was foreseeable that there would be those who knew how to track a transmitter and find the source.
Dean grimaced. “I mean, that wouldn’t be so bad, since it means I can get home early and crash, but lately I’m getting it at both ends.” Balthazar didn’t even get the chance to appreciate the lovely gift delivered to him on a silver platter, since as soon as Dean realized what he’d said, he lifted a warning finger. “Shut. Up.”
There was plenty of coaxial cable in the walls of the once luxury apartment building that was now unsuitable even for rats, thanks to having been thoroughly looted of everything remotely edible. Dean felt guilty that he wasn’t able to make good on his “Real Housewives” promise, but he was able to retrieve a dog-eared copy of Bethenny Frankel’s book,
As if on cue, Dean’s phone buzzed in his pocket.
Unable to keep from grinning, Dean raised his voice to say, “Tell Eileen I’ve still got pinch marks on my ass from the last time I went down there for dance night.”
Castiel thought for a minute. “But if we had the equipment at Leavenworth?”
“I suppose you’re right,” Castiel conceded as he paused his thrusts to grind deeply in tiny circles. “This is a far superior piece of furniture. For one thing, it has sturdy posts.” The bastard didn’t even look like he was breathing hard, even though he was flushed to his sternum and had visibly bitten his lip raw at some point when Dean had been unable to see.
“Castiel, you better be done,” Dean yelled, shoulder pushing against the desk. “We’re not getting back out this way, so any other suggestions would be fantastic right now.” He ducked just as Sam hefted the wood frame of a sofa from another office on top of the desk. Meg was shooting through the broken window, next to the younger soldier.
His first thought, when he ripped away the section, was one of
“I’ve got the two of the three Naked Gun movies from that run we did on the Phillipsburg Blockbuster, but I don’t know where you’re going to find the Airplane flicks at this point,” said Meg, walking up with her bag slung over her shoulder. She and the man next to her, a brusque Runner named Victor, were the last of the team to arrive. “I think we’ve cleaned out every library, rental place, and used video store inside a hundred miles.” Meg winked at Castiel, eyeing him up and down with her customary air of lechery. Dean had assured him that she looked at everyone that way, but Castiel noticed him stepping a little closer anyway.
I think Meg might be one of my favorite characters to write.
“Consider it a token of affection from someone who’s had to use the faculty bathroom after you a few too many times,” said Arthur, a visiting civil engineering lecturer from England. He accepted the slaps on the back and loud guffaws with an acknowledging bow of his head.
“Don’t ask about things you don’t want to know, man.”
He really wished he hadn’t said that. Between Sam, Castiel, Jack, and himself, they had amassed far more than their share of actual nightmare fuel, and the possibilities for deadly dreamscapes were almost endless. Dean studied Castiel’s unhappy face, listening to the tiny, pained noises he made. “Maybe this time, it’ll just be the night in the brothel with the hooker, before she screamed us out of the place. He was plenty uncomfortable that time,” he told himself.
Castiel couldn’t resist. “Not Jesus. Castiel. Just an angel, not the Son of God.” His throat rasped when he spoke, and he coughed, which sent flames licking up his trachea.
“No, but you might want to consider it,” Castiel said, feigning seriousness. The teasing glint in his eye had finally returned. “It might be considered disrespectful to just throw it in the trash. You don’t want the animal to haunt this house, do you?” Dean threw him a middle finger as he turned and left to grab the shovel, but as he clomped down the stairs, he found himself laughing along with the sound of Castiel’s cackling from above.
“Hey, Sam, at least Claire hasn’t shit down your back,” Dean teased.
“You assume correctly. And, I should tell you, I have no idea how this is going to play out. Simplest result is that we prove for certain it’s a recording somehow, but I have no idea how that would happen. Find the radio? I dunno. Most complicated, we find out there’s a guy out there somewhere in the area, surrounded by zoms, and then I have to convince the major not to haul me in front of a firing squad for disobeying her orders, and also to send somebody to save his ass.” Dean ticked off the possibilities on his fingers as he listed them.
“Well, she was pretty certain about what she wanted, and she got a lot of ideas from looking at home plans from books and websites. We didn’t just try to…um. Wing it?” Castiel hesitated when he came to the idiom, obviously not able to come up with the correct way to communicate it in sign. He shrugged and pantomimed flapping wings, already laughing at himself before a giggling Eileen could correct him.
The dimensions of Castiel’s dreamscape shifted yet again in Dean’s considerations, as he puzzled out how to situate himself in time as well as space.
“I promise you, here in this place, he does. They all do. But angel dreams aren’t built out of pink clouds of cotton candy fantasies, floating gently through the amygdala. Angel dreams are just as illogical as your own, but theirs are powered by grace. The angel’s dreams will pull you in, drown you in celestial energy, and tear you to messy little pieces before you can scream.” Red eyes gleamed again, brighter. “Just thought you should know.”
Sam had always gotten offended when Dean dipped his spoon into the Nutella jar, like it was the height of savagery.
For what felt like the thousandth time, he had to remind himself that at this point, he couldn’t just pack up and disappear, or he’d be arrested for going AWOL. It served him right for ever compromising in the first place, rather than just hitchhiking his way out west somewhere where nobody ever heard of the Novak family or its “fine military tradition.”
Offering a reply was probably only reinforcing things he ought not to reinforce, but he couldn’t help the notion that ignoring the question would still be somehow rude. “That I’m having a psychotic break,” Castiel said without removing his hands. “That I’m seeing and hearing things that aren’t there, likely due to the profound stress and isolation. They say it happens to prisoners in solitary, and this is, well, similar, I suppose.” His eyes were beginning to leak tears, which trickled down his wrists.
Gabriel. I am attempting to perform the tasks for which I was hired. Please do not call again, and no, we will
Dean didn’t take time to try to see more. He was firing into the mob, aiming for their heads out of ingrained practice more than by conscious thought. The people at the front of their group had dropped to knees or slid to the side out of the way, and there was so much gunfire that smoke filled the narrow hallway to choking. The blasting echoes made Dean’s ears ring painfully, but he kept shooting, moving on to the other zombies in the room he hadn’t even noticed in the chaos of the initial attack. Now they were swarming toward the door, hands grasping and teeth gnashing even as they dropped to the ground under the hail of bullets.
Hope you enjoyed it! Come find me on my
Dean grimaced in acknowledgment. “Great. Love being the first person on a trail in the morning, so you get to discover all the spider web booby traps with your face.”
“Yep.” Dean couldn’t stop grinning, and his heart felt like it could burst when he saw belief finally begin to sink in for Castiel. A tear escaped from one of Castiel’s eyes, along with a short laugh that was overflowing with relief and joy. There was no way he was going to spoil it by telling him how Naomi had tried to prevent them from going after him, or how, when she’d seen Castiel lying unconscious in the bed, she’d stared hard for long minutes before storming out of the room and refusing to come back in. There would be time for that later, once she managed to get her head around the incredibility of it all.
“And…and I definitely don’t need any
“And naturally, you’ll want an in-ground pool back there.”
“Ropes,” Castiel said, eyelids fluttering and jaw tightening as he fought for control. “Always have plenty on hand. Lots of ways to get creative. Was just imagining you…your legs completely bound to those posts…right at the edge of the mattress…so many things I could do…” Without warning, perhaps as the description of his fantasy wound up being a little too effective, Castiel’s hips suddenly jerked forward erratically, slamming into Dean hard. Dean was caught completely unguarded, and his orgasm didn’t so much creep up on him as violently explode through him.
This was even harder than he had anticipated that it would be. Sitting there in the booth with his family, watching Castiel tease and joke and laugh with the people whose opinions most mattered to him, Dean felt like he was being taunted with a glimpse of everything he’d ever wanted, along with everything he’d never even known that he needed. He could see himself there, in moments like this one, for the rest of his damned life, without ever getting restless or feeling the need to move on in search of something new. Castiel just fit. It wasn’t enough that he was gorgeous, sexy, smart, capable, and compassionate; he also had to be perfect boyfriend material in this, too.
“Dean.” Putting his hand on Dean’s shoulder and gently but firmly tipping him onto his back, Castiel climbed on top of him, holding himself up with straight arms. “Are you just trying to come up with ways to keep working on this house because you don’t want it to be done yet?”
Without warning, one of his legs started to buckle, and he barely managed to keep from falling forward onto his face. “Whoa,” he grunted. Claire’s grip shifted, causing her to slip precariously to the side, and she squeaked in surprise. “I gotcha, sweetie,” Dean said, attempting futilely to correct their balance. It wasn’t happening, though, and all he could do was control her slide to the ground.
“It involved your name, not you. Not even your name! Just your nickname, which, according to your brother, isn’t even something you want to have.”
A lanky soldier with three stripes on his uniform shoulder sneered, making the hackles rise on Dean’s neck. “Don’t bother looking for anything useful,” he said with derision. “This wasn’t a training facility for the enlisted men. Skeet shooting, trap shooting, just for the entertainment of the families on base. Those rifles are basically toys.”
Snorting, she lifted her gaze and met his, but there was a sadness there. “Honestly? Maybe a little.”
“Hey, we can hope,” Dean agreed. “But you know what? Now that I’m home, you can come see me whenever you want. That’s pretty cool, right?”
Dean felt the muscles in his jaw tighten as he ground his teeth.
crack in half or blow up before anything else had a chance to happen.
“Still better than trying to protect yourself with tree branches and pocket knives,” Jody called. “We’ve still got new people showing up on the regular, with nothing more than the ragged clothes on their backs. They’d happily take toys over nothing, when those toys can fire bullets.”
“Oh, no, wouldn’t want to be an inefficient murderer,” Dean muttered, earning a pained look from Castiel. “Then what is it? Animal?”
“I’ll take her back,” Castiel said suddenly. Dean turned to look at him questioningly. “I don’t mind, either, and you should go with Jimmy and Amelia, Dean.”
Four hundred feet should have taken no time at all to cross, but the group moved at a snail’s pace, pairs walking shoulder-to-shoulder as they flashed their lights into every shadow they could. Naomi was at the front of the group, so she was the one to make the first grisly discovery, about a hundred yards in. She inhaled sharply, stopping so suddenly that Jody almost bumped into her.
“That is the last time I listen to you!” Dean’s voice reached Balthazar before he’d even turned around to greet the patron entering the bar. At the sound of the angry words, Balthazar groaned to himself and took his time turning around, forcing a cheerful smile. The smattering of other patrons seated around the bar made no effort to hide their interest in the blossoming confrontation.
About thirty minutes into the hike, though, the proceedings came to an abrupt halt. “Ow,” Claire suddenly muttered, coming to a stop. “Ow!” she repeated, lifting one foot and poking at it.
“She says she didn’t, and I believe her,” Castiel said. “She was distraught over the idea that she’d abandoned me with no clue that I wasn’t necessarily terminal. God, just talking with her, though,” he groaned, flipping onto his back and running his hands over his face. “I’d pretty much accepted that Dad was up to his elbows in something with this, but now I can’t stop thinking. Our father destroyed the world, Dean.”
Balthazar made a face.
Dean wasn’t looking at Castiel, though. His reddened eyes had landed on the woman standing behind Castiel, and his stare was murderous.
Is all that we see or seem
“Think they were a wine or a grape juice church?” Sam asked, brushing some dead leaves off a pew before dropping onto it. The rain thundered onto the roof of the church, making them raise their voices in order to be heard.
“Sure,” Dean agreed, grinning. “But I’ve got a good, stable job, or at least as stable as academia ever is. I’m in an area where I’m happy to settle down, and roots are starting to sound pretty damn good to me. Think my tumbleweed days are in the past. Uh, how about you?”
running was, and how if we were meant to run, we wouldn’t have evolved brains that let us design engines and the wheel so we wouldn’t have to. You wanted to call an Uber so you wouldn’t have to run the mile back to the house!”
In fact, he was so much on board with the idea that it took him a moment to realize he’d been lured into a corner, metaphorically. Claire was poking through the smooth pebbles on the bank, and Castiel and his brother were whooping and splashing each other happily and generally making such an entertaining sight that Dean almost startled when Amelia spoke. Sitting next to him on the flat rock and dangling her feet beside his into the cool water, she murmured, “Mating looks good on Castiel.” The words were innocent enough, but they definitely carried the hints of Serious Talk in the undertones.
Balthazar corrected himself.
“Can’t kill you?” The Entity sounded almost offended by Dean’s argument. Shifting again into something larger and looming, it said, “Little speck, you presume to tell me I can or can’t do whatever I choose to you? No. No, I won’t kill you, though I most certainly could. Killing you would be uncreative and far too generous. Quick, though. That’s an important factor to consider.”
“Look at the tail!” Dean said, pointing. “Have you ever seen a cat whose tail dragged along the floor behind it? Because that’s what that one would have to do.”
"It might be quieter than a mummy's tomb around here, but at least it means that the fish practically catch themselves. Sammy doesn't like to come sit with me too often, but I think he's just got bad associations from that time Dad dragged us to this place, just when he was starting to get comfortable in Omaha. Apparently, the Cawker City library still blows, too. He whined for weeks about it when he was a kid, and I guess some things never change. Well, except that back then, Mom was around to keep Dad and Sam from each other's throats…"
“Cas, there’s nothing there,” he said, stepping closer and trying to make eye contact.
“I think…” Castiel coughed, looking surprised at himself for speaking, before starting again. “I think it was around the beginning of May. That was when I got here, and there were a few zombies wandering up on the road there. I was surprised, because I hadn’t seen any for a while, and also, they looked sort of…new.” He made a face, remembering. “They didn’t see me, and I ducked down behind the side of the cliff so I could try to hide until they’d wandered off. That was when I saw the door.”
“Don’t rule out the idea too quickly,” Castiel said, his small negating head shake having the accidental effect of softly brushing that chronically messy dark hair against Dean’s neck. Goosebumps rose, which were promptly startled away by Castiel’s next words. “Marathons are fun,” he proclaimed, in what had to be the biggest whopper of the century. Dean gaped at him, genuinely appalled.
“Get up here,” he said, sounding as hoarse as if it had been his throat accepting the abuse rather than Castiel’s. Castiel crawled up and over Dean’s waist, allowing Dean’s trembling fingers to quickly open his belt buckle and shove his jeans down around his hips. Warm, callused fingers wrapped around his throbbing cock, already slick with arousal, and stroked firmly. In far less time than it had taken Dean to reach his own climax, Castiel was groaning and coming in hot streaks across Dean’s chest. His eyes rolled back into his head as, with an exaggeratedly dopey grin, he collapsed onto the bed beside Dean, legs tangling.
“Castiel, please, calm down,” she said, and he realized he was almost hyperventilating. “I’ve already checked your blood.”
A man sitting at the corner of the bar waved a hand toward Balthazar, who jumped to respond. “Whoever wins, I wanna buy them a drink,” the man said, gesturing toward the fight.
“Oh, that can’t be good,” Dean mumbled. Louder, he said, “Cas, it’s me again. I need you to just hold it together a little longer, all right?” This time, when he pushed his hand through the grace to grip Castiel’s shoulder, there was no resistance. He was tumbling forward, end over end…
“Are you actively disclosing that you’ve been breaking protocol, misusing issued equipment in a way explicitly prohibited in the regulations, and putting yourself and your fellow Runners’ safety in jeopardy?” Naomi’s eyes glinted dangerously as she leaned forward, bracing her forearms on the desk.
Amelia shook her head, sighing; one corner of her mouth quirked up with humor. “Something to be said for tradition,” she said, lightly teasing. “I know Castiel says he has no room for—what did he say? ‘Antiquated rituals based on archaic views about gender.’ Archaic or not, at least it clears up confusion. Hard to misread a courting gift.”
actually be dead, because there can’t rationally be a way for this much happiness to be possible.”
doing it, and now I’m going to have to deal with the fallout.”
"You don't have to come," Dean retorted. It would turn an insane plan into a suicidal one if he had to go alone, but determination was flooding his system. The idea of just letting go, turning a deaf ear to the messages being sent through the air, knowing that eventually they would simply stop coming—he couldn’t begin to consider it, even if the alternative was probably only slightly less deadly.
gave me a rather vivid demonstration last night of the sort of catastrophe that can happen to people when they try to handle sharp objects without being fully alert. You’ll just have to appreciate it for me.”
Sure, Dean might have been laying it on a little thick there at the end, but part of him was feeling genuinely hurt and justified about feeling so. He idly picked at some loose and bubbling plaster in the corner while he talked, watching the tiny particles rain down on the toes of his boots.
Feeling a little indignant, Dean felt the need to poke back. “You said if it were you, you wouldn’t tell! I clearly remember you saying that.”
“You know, they don’t just hand out tenure without demanding sweat equity in return,” Dean replied evasively. That was certainly true. He’d seen more than a few colleagues slide away from the tenure track in the name of “work-life balance.” In fact, his own last attempt at a real relationship had crashed and burned when Lisa had finally gotten fed up with his long hours and frequent work-related distractions. Since then, Dean had limited himself to casual hook-ups only, both out of self-preservation and insurance against hurting anyone else whose hopes might grow to exceed what he was able to give.
Sam was already heading for the door. “No point in delaying the inevitable,” he said over his shoulder. “But whoever this guy is, he better be grateful when we get there.”
“Ah, there he is,” Balthazar said by way of a greeting, glancing up from where he was polishing a bartop that scarcely needed it. The evening was still young, and it was still midweek, so the sound of the door creaking open had caught his attention immediately. He threw a charming grin at the new arrival, which was decidedly not returned. “Good Lord, Castiel. I was about to offer to buy you your first drink as a new soon-to-be regular patron here, but you look as though one drink would knock you off your feet.”
Dean immediately made to lunge toward Castiel, dropping to his knees, but the Entity stepped between them before he could get far. When Dean glared, it chuckled and flashed red eyes at him. “You should be thanking me, speck. I could have stood back and let this little adventure be over before it began, you know.”
Dean blinked as Castiel took a large step forward to abruptly place himself deep inside Dean’s personal space. The first thought to flash through his brain was one of mild surprise:
“Castiel.” Dean interrupted him with a finger placed over his lips. “It’s not about the key, you big dork. It’s about you using it to come home at night. To
“Oh, really?” Castiel’s eyebrows were at his hairline. “That would have been fantastic to know earlier. I haven’t been inside a gym since my freshman year of high school. I think I remember something about jumping jacks?”
“She was a good warrior before she chose to fall,” said the other angel. “Killing her would be a waste. I heard…” He paused, looking around before continuing in a quiet voice that Dean had to struggle to catch. “I heard that Naomi was asking about her.”
“Now, that’s just uncalled for.” Without waiting for an entirely unnecessary order, Balthazar slid Dean’s regular whiskey with beer chaser along the bar toward the outstretched hand. “Now, tell me the cause of your untimely death. It’s a slow night, and I’m in need of entertainment.”
Castiel giggled. The burst of noise surprised both the man and himself; it bubbled up from his chest and escaped from his throat without permission. His heart seemed to be stuttering, trying to restart itself, and he laughed again, choking over it as it tore free.
“Sam,” Dean hissed, his grip turning to iron. “Look at that. Look, there. His shoulder.”
“I know, but what else could it be?” Dean sounded urgent, serious. He hadn’t let go of Castiel’s hand, though. “You know as well as I do that there’s nothing else that leaves that kind of mark. Even regular humans can’t get the same kind of force—” There was abrupt silence, during which Castiel felt afraid to open his eyes to see what was happening. Then fingers were hastily closing his shirt and redoing the buttons. “Just for now,” Dean muttered. “We can figure it out later.”
He definitely was
“I honestly don’t know what to believe,” Castiel said, “but any theories I can imagine are all pretty damning. Why wasn’t he panicking like everyone else? And why am I alive when we’ve literally never heard of another single person who was bitten and didn’t go gray? I kept waiting to get sick and die, but it never happened, and there’s only one variable I can see. And then there’s how obsessed he was over that duffel, getting it to Doctor Benton, and it’s full of more needles and shots like the ones Dad and Mom were trying to give themselves that night.”
“Hey,” Dean found himself interrupting in hope of defusing things before they reached DEFCON 1 levels. “You know, I’m a little beat, myself. I’m not a seasoned hiker like you all are. It wouldn’t bother me a bit to go back with her and hang out at the campsite until you guys get back.” In all honesty, Dean was actually starting to drag more than he wanted to admit, just from the half hour they’d walked. The heat was starting to get to him, he supposed, and if he could help out the family while also getting to sit and rest himself, he’d count it as a win-win.
The yellow and pink balls of light were hovering in front of him now. “I want to go home now,” one said plaintively.
“I’m just so
“And there…and now there,” Miss Talbot finished, sounding more and more like the cat who’d gotten the canary with every signature. Another fleeting thought crossed Dean’s mind that perhaps she sounded a bit too pleased, all things considered; maybe the market was slower than he’d thought, if she was getting this excited over a short sale. Then again, she wasn’t going to have to split the fees with anyone else, since he hadn’t brought in an agent of his own, so that probably explained the gleam of anticipation in her eye. His younger brother had lectured him for that choice, too, but
Every weight Dean lifted this time just made the weight on his conscience feel that much heavier.
“The needles in the bag—”
“There you are,” he said. “One burger with bacon. Hey, you think you could go get me an El Sol from the fridge inside? They’re all gone from the coolers out here.”
“Everything good down there?” Sam called down when he heard Dean’s feet hit the ground. The tunnel widened just slightly at the bottom, forming a small cave; a low tunnel branched off to one side, condensation dripping down the walls when he carefully explored them with his hands.
Naomi was already turning away again. “Absolutely not. It would be utterly pointless, without a way to send actual, useful aid. Even if I were convinced that we could successfully make contact, simply informing this man that there are other survivors would do no more than futilely raise hopes, possibly even convincing him to risk losing the safe haven he’s found in an attempt to locate others. Frankly, Mister Winchester, he would be better off in ignorance.”
Dean grimaced. “Yeah, that’s pretty bad.”
“Here,” Castiel said, wiping his eyes and passing Dean a bottle. “Open another one. There, that one looks safe.” It was a book—a thick, heavy volume titled
The weight of the conversation eased after that, and as the afternoon rolled on, Castiel ordered a few pizzas for them to share, using one of the gift cards the office staff had sent them while Dean was hospitalized. “I have to say, it’s been amazing to see how supportive and caring everyone has been during this,” Castiel said after hanging up the phone. “Ellen Harvelle, from the Roadhouse, brought over three different casseroles, and Dean’s boss arranged for a grocery delivery to the house the day Dean was discharged. It’s made things much easier.”
“Okay, I’m gonna stop you there, Benny,” Dean interrupted, not wanting to waste what little time they might have on a recap of a plotline he already knew too well. “We’ve, uh, got our own ticket out, and it’s not through that portal you’re thinking about. I just need a little more time to work some of the details out with Cas, here, in order to get there.”
“You know, bookshelves aren’t that expensive. You can get some decent ones for not much money at Ikea,” Sam suggested as he staggered under half the weight of the shelf unit. Dean didn’t bother trying to reply until they’d maneuvered the bookshelf through the door of Sam’s house and out onto the sidewalk. Setting it down for a moment, both men rubbing their hands on their legs, he shrugged.
Castiel crawled up beside Dean, helping him to roll over onto his side and nestle back gently into the curl of his arms. “As much as I may miss having you in that way, I’m simply too grateful to have you in
Sam followed, shrugging and laughing, with a clap to Castiel’s back. The others filed in after, leaving Castiel standing with Naomi. “Will we really fix the world?” she asked him, and for a moment, she sounded like an uncertain young girl again, as though he was the leader instead of her.
, I mean
your nasty ass out, I will get my damn lighter and we will
Dean groaned and pushed his face harder against the leather. “I’m so glad that my personal life can provide you with such entertainment.”
“By weapon, you mean the halberd, right?” Meg cut in, eyes glinting with mischief. “Or do I need to take a trip down to the infirmary and see for myself what kind of dude can trip himself on his own—” Hilarity erupted again, drawing curious attention from other groups seated at long tables around the large room.
“No, I swear, Cas! Just listen!” Dean cringed, seeing no way around just coming straight out with it and crossing his fingers that it wouldn’t go catastrophically wrong. “We’re in your head. I’m real, because you pulled me in here with you, but all the rest of this crap isn’t. It’s a dream. You’re dreaming, buddy.” Castiel’s frown deepened and he opened his mouth to speak, but Dean pushed on to get to the point. “You’re dreaming because you’re, um. Dead.”
"She feels guilty," Sam added. "It's not rational, especially since, true or not, she believes he was bit and that should be that. She probably still feels like she turned her back on him."
“Thankfully, you didn’t actually get much blood on the drywall,” Castiel was reassuring him now, after he’d made sure Dean was settled in a folding chair situated well away from the repair action happening in the living room. That crooked smile aimed Dean’s way was going to be the death of him. “Good that you had your priorities in order after all. Flesh can be stitched, but bloodstained drywall stays with you forever.”
“Well, I don’t see any obvious bruising, and you’re not limping or babying any body parts I can see, so if the guy did punch you, at least he did it someplace nobody would see,” drawled Meg, leaning back languidly in her office chair and idly spinning from side to side. She twisted one of her dark curls around one finger as she rocked. “That’s consideration. You get that from your better class of contractors.”
“But the rest?” Dean asked. “The marathons, Anna’s house, wanting to be a beekeeper when you were a kid?”
“Sam could finally get his own dog,” Dean chuckled. “Now, we’ll have to get your sister’s approval this time, since I’m not a complete moron, but I’m thinking maybe a dozen of us? There’s about a half-dozen Runners I trust who I’m pretty sure would be down, plus another half-dozen soldiers of Naomi’s choosing from off-site. Not so many that we’ll be noticed, but enough to hold our own long enough to make a break for it if we have to.”
“Not too bad, though the hard part will be finding wood to match the old wood that won’t stick out like a sore thumb.” Castiel’s voice, coming from directly behind Dean, startled him. Dean jumped, staggering forward a step in his surprise before he grabbed the doorframe. Castiel stood there without a blink, paying no mind to Dean’s reaction. “Did you call me ‘Cas’?”
“Yes, a clowder. A group of cats is called a clowder, though that’s hardly the point,” Castiel said, rolling his eyes. Dean thought it rather was at least
Dean.”
“So did he tell you to head in?” Castiel demanded. “Did he say what’s going on? Naomi’s CO already called her—I think she’s probably already throwing her bag together to head back to Riley, if she didn’t already leave. Dad, are we safe here? I mean, those shots earlier—that was close. What—”
“What happened?” That voice…it sounded familiar.
MEMORANDUM FOR GENERAL D______________
Behind them, the mist seemed to glitter. It was probably nothing more than glow worms. Neither Castiel nor Dean even noticed, anyway.
Tomorrow. It could wait until then, he decided, and flipped the wall switch back down. “Okay,” he said aloud as he stood in the darkness. “This is…okay. It’s fine. I’ll just…” Running a hand over his face, he took a deep breath.
“Very lovely,” he replied, not knowing what else to say.
“Mr. Novak, we are doing our best in this situation,” the tight-voiced woman was saying on the other end of the phone line. She sounded disgruntled, as though his stubborn refusal to quietly accept responsibility for this madness was an unreasonable imposition on her, personally. “It’s the unfortunate reality that cases like these are fairly common, and our resources are stretched—”
“I’m inured to it at this point, for the most part,” Castiel said with a shrug, “but I was supposed to go home at six, and I had spent most of the day clinging to that thought. Ideally right now, I’d be on my couch in my boxers, a cold beer in hand, stomach full of leftover curry, and catching up on the episodes of ‘Doctor Sexy’ I’ve had waiting on my DVR. But,
“Walking corpses in body armor,” amended Dean, and Castiel snickered.
“What? No,” Castiel said. “No, it’s just going to be a royal pain. There’s a variety of deep cleaners you can try, and you might end up using them all. It might not take the entire smell away, but if you can dampen it enough, then sealing the concrete should take you the rest of the way.” He pivoted to head out of the room, turning his head to look back over his shoulder as he walked. “But if that’s the worst of your concerns, you should be relieved.”
The earnest plea in Castiel’s wide blue eyes had Dean weakening, despite his reluctance. “How many of these do we have to do?” he asked, and Castiel beamed.
Again, Castiel didn’t know what to say. This time, Dean seemed to understand that, though. He took the guitar from its case, then carried it over to the chair and sat, plucking quietly as he adjusted the tuning pegs. When he was satisfied, Dean started playing, just some simple chord progressions that filled the room with quiet comfort.
“Even the military isn’t military anymore,” Naomi added, earning a look of surprise from Castiel. Dean felt his own eyebrows shoot upward, too. She noticed the reactions from the group and shrugged wryly. “I’m not saying that’s a good or a bad thing. It’s simply the way things are.”
“Next time you decide you want to go chasing will-o-wisps out in the woods, boy, you best remember who it was who tanned your hide when you were a boy and ran off and got lost. Your daddy wasn’t the only one who knew how to follow a trail, and if I have to hunt you down and put the fear of God in you again, don’t think I won’t.”
“Really hoping this guy isn’t too hostile,” Sam mused. He grimaced as he stretched his quadricep muscles, pulling his ankles up behind his hips one at a time. “Gotta tell you, I am not looking forward to the return trip. My legs are shot. I know we need to get back, but I wish we’d planned this better, told Charlie we’d spend the night here before heading back.”
“It’s just ridiculous how many times I’ve fallen down this rabbit hole or that one, getting distracted from what I’m supposed to be researching by some other shiny bit of history.” Dean lifted his glass of beer and took a long swallow, letting his tired eyelids droop closed. He sighed in satisfaction as he dropped the glass back to the bar top. “God, it took me half an hour to get my eyes to focus when I turned off the computer tonight.”
“Okay, okay, you’re a bad-ass,” Dean said breathlessly. He tried to wrap his arms around Castiel’s hips, only to have Castiel grab both of his hands and move them to rest against the pillow, holding them in place. Dean looked almost pained in his growing desperation. “Maybe a bigger bad-ass than me! You happy?”
“Lucifer.” When Sam spoke, both Billie and Jack turned to stare at him questioningly, and he wished with all his heart that he hadn’t immediately recognized the scene she’d been describing. Crowley, deep in his cups one night, had gotten quite chatty about the things he’d observed in Castiel’s head, after the actual danger was long past and he had been able to appreciate the dark comedy of it. Sam hadn’t forgotten any of what he’d been told. “Cas is dreaming of when he was possessed by Lucifer. After he said yes, he sort of got shoved into a corner of his own mind, where Lucifer kept him pretty much numbed to everything. I guess it was to keep him from trying to fight back against Lucifer for, well, just being Lucifer. Killing, causing tons of damage, the works. Cas wasn’t doing so well back then, anyway, and maybe part of him was happy for the chance to stop feeling so terrible all the time, even if it meant being sedated by the Devil. Shit, Dean was a total mess over it. He was completely—”
“Why would you have?” he insisted. “You saw what happened. The thing bit me—there wasn’t even a question about that. It was a zombie, and it sank its teeth into me, and even if we didn’t know right that moment what we were facing, it wasn’t a difficult leap to know that a bite was a death sentence. Staying would have been stupid. I would have run, too. There’s absolutely no way in hell you could have known I’d live. I’m guessing Dad never played Mad Scientist with you like he did with me?”
“That for the camping trip, I take it?” Dean asked curiously. He took the hefty box from Castiel, sneezing twice in succession as a cloud of dust drifted up from it. At least the burning smell eased up a bit, as Castiel’s good humor began to return and he chuckled at whatever face Dean was making.
“You’re kidding,” Castiel said, fascinated and unnerved at once.
From his stool beside Castiel’s chair, Jack barely raised his eyes in acknowledgment of Sam’s outburst. It wasn’t as though it was the first time Sam had expressed the sentiment, after all. After Billie did her little light show and Dean dropped like a rock, there hadn’t been much to do other than vividly imagine all the ways this could go wrong. Sam and Jack had carefully transferred the two unconscious men to the most comfortable chairs in the library, and then…
The battle at the doorway had blessedly pulled the attention of most of the zombies, so the hallways they took were now much more empty. Sam and Dean switched to using machetes instead of guns, hoping not to waste their good fortune. Reaching the stairwell, they wasted no time waiting for their eyes to readjust to the darkness, instead using the rails and counting the steps out loud as they ran as fast as they could.
Yep, he was totally going to chicken out, though.
Sam rolled his eyes and leaned on the fence surrounding most of the former paddock. The posts swayed ominously under his weight, creaking loudly, and he quickly stood back up. “Look, I’m not suggesting we go rope a herd of cattle or anything. This is just transportation. Think of it as motorcycles that don’t need gas. You’ve ridden before, anyway.”
“Which would be in the winter,” Dean said, his mind spinning.
Castiel shook his head over the teasing name Dean had given the gold Continental, but he didn’t argue. Leaning into the trunk, he lifted a cardboard shipping box with a small grunt. He put it on the ground before pulling out a second one, slightly larger than the first and no less heavy. “Oof,” he muttered as he dropped it on top of the first, then slammed the trunk lid—firmly, with a push at the end in experienced deference to the finicky latch.
Dean glanced at the tag, then raised his eyebrow at his brother.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s just…the garage has AC/DC posters hanging over the workbench,” Castiel said. “I know the landlord told me there was just a single man living there, and taking into account the large grill out back, the recycling bin full of beer bottles, the welcome mat that says ‘Wipe your damn feet”...perhaps I’m being unfair in my assessment, but I’m a writer, and using details to paint pictures is what I do.”
FROM:            AVA WILSON, Cpt. MSC, Offutt AFB
“That’s awesome,” Dean said with complete sincerity. “You’re just full of hidden talents, aren’t you? Is there anything you can’t do?” He mentally cursed himself for his lack of subtlety, but Castiel didn’t seem weirded out.
One big downside of the fall of most major civilizations was a great big gaping service gap that had developed in the field of weather reporting. “Just a little rain,” Dean protested weakly. He really didn’t want to waste time sitting around in some barn when they’d already come so far.
) all this time, and he knew there was really only one way that was going to happen. Instead of saying that, though, he just huffed and shook his head. “You’re just trying to put it off. It won’t get any less creepy for waiting, dude.”
“Yeah, no. I bought this place,” Dean admitted miserably. “In my defense, it was a really low asking price.”
“They put the electrical breaker in a goddamn
Doing his best to not show any fear, Dean kept his eyes trained on the stallion as he crept closer to it. It raised its head to watch him cautiously, but it didn’t move. Dean raised a hand to pet it, just like Sam had done, but before he could make contact, it snorted and danced a few steps away.
“How long have I been unconscious?” he asked instead, returning the glass to Dean, who set it back on the table.
Castiel huffed, rocking his head back against the wall dully. “No,” he said. “Actually, at this point, it’d be such a train wreck that even I don’t want to witness the fallout. And…honestly…” He bit back a dry laugh and put a palm over his face for a second. “I can’t say I’ve never been tempted to fake something like this to get Gabe off my back. I never actually
“Antony and the Johnsons,” Castiel confirmed. “I loved the song when I was a teenager, but it was more metaphor for me back then. Perhaps a little too fitting, these days.”
“Hence the fairy tales,” Dean said, nodding. “Hey, nothing wrong with the classics. Sam always did love Jack and the Beanstalk, even before he turned into an actual giant himself.”
She started rambling about gym classes and school sports, and Dean stopped paying attention. Fiercely turning his attention back to the horse, he firmed his jaw and stood tall. “Okay, enough screwing around,” he said, not sure whether he was addressing the stallion or himself. He grabbed the saddle, ignoring the whickering sounds the horse made, and scrambled into the saddle. It wasn’t graceful or smooth, but it worked. “Let’s go, Sammy,” he called.
With Dean’s finger still pressed to his lips, Castiel smiled slowly, widening as his eyes started to glisten with emotion. He nodded, not dislodging Dean’s hand. Then he threw himself forward at Dean, flinging his arms around him tightly. The group close by to them made awww-ing sounds at the sight, while those in the rear who hadn’t been able to hear the murmured discussion clamored for explanations.
A few seconds passed, and then Castiel’s curiosity seemed to win over his stubbornness. “Fourteen what?”
“Quit humming, Dean,” Sam complained as they forded the chilly stream, searching for the red scarf tied to a branch that would signal the cache of fuel they were trying to retrieve, secured and marked by another Runner on a previous assignment. “You’re distracting me.”
Dean, for his part, was starting to feel a little antsy, after being basically bed-ridden so long, but the experience really had done a number on him; simply sitting up for too long left him feeling drained. It was frustrating, but he knew how lucky he was, how badly things might have gone. He’d had more than a few nightmares in which Claire had gotten hurt or lost while he’d lain helplessly in the mud, unable to do anything but shout and writhe, and he’d woken from those horrific visions in pools of sweat and with hoarse cries still tearing from his throat. Castiel had held him tightly every time, stroking his hair and murmuring reassurances that both he and Claire were safe.
when he sweats, then I gotta fake like work needs me to come in early, like, every damn day.”
“Yeah, but a skeleton of what?” Dean said in bewilderment. It was clear now that the bones, obviously very old from the look of them, were probably too small to be from even a human infant. Still, if there had been confusion on that end, the long curved tail and the creepy elongated skull would have ended the argument. “That is not a rat.”
Dean squatted down, resting his forearms on his knees and cradling his bruised hand in the other one, as he looked at Castiel and contemplated his next move. At least it appeared that he had been making some progress, having some effect on the status quo, since he’d begun this whole rescue mission. When Dean had been literally flung back into his own body, jerking and flailing as he abruptly woke with the hair-raising sense of plummeting from a great height, he’d thought that the almost imperceptible groaning was residual from the dream. It turned out to be coming from Castiel as he lay still and unmoving. The slight frown creasing his brow had definitely deepened, as well.
Rolling his eyes, Dean replied,
Dean’s answering grin was breathtaking. “You make a very, very good point,” he said, following Castiel through the door and gleefully tackling him onto the bed.
He was almost there. The door was…still closed and barred, which was a surprise. Then again, if the looters planned to shoot and kill him, they wouldn’t want to risk the attention that a gunshot might bring. Easy enough to open it again after he was dead, so they could toss his body out into the water. Another tremor coursed through him, making his teeth chatter.
“You know, I heard a rumor a while back about a way out of here,” Benny put in. “Only works for humans, I hear, but—“
guitar.”
At Dean’s seemingly random question, Castiel poked his head out of the bathroom door, wiping the sweat from his forehead. “Yes, I am a human being living on planet Earth,” he said. “Why, are you ordering some? I’ve already eaten dinner, but don’t feel awkward about ordering just for yourself. I’m here to work, not as a guest you have to host.”
“Yeah, sure.” In the background of the call, Dean could hear the clanking of pots and pans. “Eileen’s night to cook?” he asked.
Claire unscrewed the cap and offered it to him, then watched as he splashed some of the water into his parched mouth. “Your face is very red,” she commented.
Dean forced himself to take a deep, steadying breath, attempting to pull himself together for Castiel’s sake. “I am not making you leave,” he promised softly, meeting Castiel’s eyes as well as he could. “I know what I did then, and I wish so badly that I could go back and change it. But this is only a memory, Cas, not the real thing. And I hate myself so damn much for letting you have memories like this—like the asylum, like all the tortures you’ve gone through because you chose us—chose
Well, it would be particularly inevitable today, Dean realized with chagrin as he turned his car onto his street and saw what awaited him. Ever since that first day, Castiel had been fine with parking his van in the back of the house, but apparently he wasn’t working alone today. A huge box truck, boldly emblazoned with the Deus Ex Machina logo, was parked out front; the back doors were open wide, and a large loading ramp ran from there to the ground. Leaning casually against the ramp with his arms folded was a short man with shaggy brown hair.
How the hell had he gotten here? In his undergraduate years, and through most of his twenties, the only issue with Dean’s social life had been the struggle to cram it all in without winding up hungover more than three days out of the week. There had been girls. Oh, had there been girls. There had been guys, too, though his little brother neither knew nor needed to know anything about that, as far as Dean was concerned. There had even been a couple of people with whom the casual sex had evolved into something less casual, with leanings toward
“Yeah, well, even so, I’m going to have to tell him soon anyway,” Dean sighed. “He’s so damn happy for me that now he’s begging me to let him meet you. Uh, I mean, not you. The fake you. God, I guess you’re right, I did get you involved in this.”
A letter of commendation is to be placed in the file of Major Naomi Novak for her leadership in the raid on MAHC, Fort Leavenworth.
Actually, now that he thought about it, that last part might end up being the easiest bit.
Hopefully with enough subtlety to be overlooked, Castiel elbowed Dean in the side. “How about ‘The Wheels on the Bus’?” he said, smiling in slight challenge. Dean ducked his head and strummed a couple of chords, and they began.
“Not a word,” Dean promised. “All this is just between you and me.”
Castiel tried not to gasp, dizzy with panic.
“Maybe a cure, or maybe not. He had something, certainly. I remember Benton, and he was always ambitious in the extreme. I heard his name mentioned as a possibility for Army Surgeon General back when the last one retired, but he didn’t want to give up hands-on practicing and research. There were jokes that he was too busy with his wars on death and disease to think about other wars. Now I wonder.” The whole time she’d been speaking, Naomi was sitting up straighter and straighter in her chair, but now she sagged back again, wilting. “But it doesn’t matter. It’s been too long for any of this to help. You might have been his test subject, but Tessa checked your blood, and whatever was in there isn’t there anymore, or not enough to tell us anything helpful.”
“That sounds dreadful,” Balthazar said with complete sincerity.
Dean lifted his head and glared at Meg, but he had no real rebuttal to offer. “Mrs. Tran says the blazer looks distinguished, not sexy. Hell, I don’t really want to imagine Mrs. Tran even using the word ‘sexy.’”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I was talking to him this afternoon, and he, uh, was saying he had a really good time hanging out with you.” Okay, so apparently Dean was going to kick this off with complete fabrications of facts. Made sense. It had been working so damn well as a strategy in every other aspect of his life, so why not?
“He’ll be happy to have you back, too, I’ll bet,” Linda said. “My son told me he’d forgotten what it was like to have a mom who cooked actual dinners instead of throwing takeout menus on the table without even lifting my face from the book in my hand. He was only teasing, but it was definitely a strain on all of us.”
Wait, though. If Naomi had been involved after Anna finally got captured, then that sort of shifted things in Dean’s perspective. He’d seen how messed up Castiel had been during the time when Naomi had been screwing with him; “brainwashing” barely covered it. In that light, maybe Anna didn’t entirely deserve the vilification they’d heaped on her?
When the last of the carpet finally lay in a pile of remnants stacked in the hallway, Dean surveyed the floor critically. Most of it looked to be in fairly decent condition and wouldn’t take much work, he thought, to sand and polish into shape. One corner, on the other hand, had a few rather large cracks in the boards, along with a rough hole about the size of a half dollar. “Hey, Cas,” he called over his shoulder. “How hard is it to replace a couple of floorboards?”
And Dean wasn’t even going to touch on the one time when the guy had talked about the last serious relationship he’d had, back in college. The guy was either completely shameless, or else his candor was born from the belief that nobody was actually alive to hear him; either way, he had Dean blushing to the roots of his hair when he described the particular physical aspects of human contact that he missed most. Damn.
he thought eloquently.
It was vexing, now, to notice how wide the dirt path was, and how many footprints covered the surface. How on earth could they ever know where Dean and Claire might have gone off the trail? Amelia, like Castiel, was peering into the shadows between the trees, looking for any trace of movement, any flash of a color besides green or brown. Claire had been wearing a pink shirt, which should have stood out like a beacon, Castiel thought.
The bunker was never truly silent; between the buzz of old lights, the clicking and creaking of old appliances, and the strange faint hum that none of them had ever been able to identify, there was always noise. The silence around the two of them now was broken only by the quiet dripping of water onto the hard floor, Castiel’s quickened breathing, and Dean’s stammered, aborted attempts at speech. The loudest noise that Dean could hear was the rushing of his own blood, roaring in his ears almost painfully.
“There was no way to find out. Dean, when I say ‘overrun,’ you need to understand that I’m talking about several thousand soldiers, the United States Army Combined Arms Center, the Command and General Staff College, and a brigade of military police. All milling about, groaning and bumping into each other, as far as I could see.”
“Hang on,” Castiel interrupted. He had been brushing the sawdust away from the edges of the hole, and now he paused, hands on either side of the gap and peering down inside.
Why does it have to be a thing?” Thoughts of the house and Castiel faded into the background in the face of this new bit of specialness. Dean wasn’t even lying now; this, right here, was the exact reason why he’d never come out with his sexuality to Sam in the first place. It was mortifying.
— “Sleepers,” Walt Whitman
It sounds like a girl!”
He couldn’t really be expecting Dean to recap the whole rejection, could he? What, did he want to make sure Dean was crystal clear on the fact that nothing was going to happen between them? This was a cruel joke. “Cas, why are you doing this?” Dean asked.
“I’m happy to be wined and dined, and if you want to go jitterbugging in the middle of a downtown nightclub, I would love nothing more than to do that with you, as well,” Castiel said, “but Dean? I feel fairly strongly that ‘starting’ with that would be an unnecessary trial of my patience and yours.”
Dean felt his cheeks burn at the thought of being at the center of office gossip, and Castiel sighed loudly and impatiently. “About the
Castiel yawned, tipping his head back against the wood siding. He’d only been here about a week, but his body had obviously become accustomed to the more sedentary life he’d led in seclusion. Around New Lebanon, everybody worked, even the newest arrivals. He had no permanent role yet, since he was still technically recovering from his injuries and couldn’t do much heavy lifting, but that only meant he’d been relegated to busy-work like errand running and message delivering.
“Only a moron conflates all Yiddish music with polka,” Castiel said scathingly. “It’s Klezmer, not—”
“Who the hell gave me a weed plant?” he choked, head whipping around the crowd. Castiel had his head buried in a cushion as he shook with hysterics, Sam had his hands clapped over his face, and the dean of the college…was in the bathroom, thank God.
“Dean, perhaps you should—”
Dean agreed. His blood pounded with excitement in his veins. If that reaction was only partly due to the amazing document find, well, nobody else needed to know.
Dean huffed a laugh, rolling to his other side so he could nestle his hips back into Castiel’s lap. “Nah, you’ll have to use your hand if you feel like taking a swat at my ass. Anyway, that shit would totally be more appropriate for a basement sex dungeon. Hey, what if I wanted to do something with my basement?”
“I get that,” Dean said, immediately seizing his opportunity. “That’s actually kind of where I’ve been, too. Guess I finally got tired of it, though. What’s the point of working so hard to build a nest egg if you never get around to making a nest, you know?”
“Oh, certainly. I know exactly where you’re coming from.”
While Dean blinked dazedly, the man, with surprising agility, hoisted his legs over the edge, then cautiously slid his way down the embankment, using the rocks and roots as handholds to keep himself upright. Then he was kneeling in the mud beside Dean, and as Dean stared up into the man’s face, a single thought floated through his head.
No, Castiel was not. There were too many conflicting images in his head, and he couldn’t make sense out of anything. On top of everything, now, his head was beginning to fill with an odd haze, like a fog settling over everything and making the whole world seem strangely insubstantial.
, and even though the old man had scowled, he’d yanked it from Dean’s hand before stalking off.
“Hmmph. If you get credit for that, then I get
The image that grew from Dean’s guesswork was likely a wildly inaccurate one, but it only served to stoke his curiosity more. He was fascinated.
“But you didn’t die.”
“You’re an idiot.”
Castiel kissed with the same passion that he made music, all-consuming and unafraid. The heat of his mouth, the intoxicating natural scent of the oils in his skin, and the relentless hold of those powerful hands in his hair and around the small of his back overwhelmed Dean, destroyed and rebuilt and then took him to pieces again. He never wanted to stop kissing Castiel. He parted his lips against Castiel’s, an unspoken invitation that was immediately accepted with a deep, vibrating groan and the slide of tongue against tongue.
“I’m afraid I forgot my leather biting strap, so you’ll just have to squeeze my arm if it’s too bad.” Castiel adjusted the temperature to something less frigid and started rinsing away the blood and the drywall dust covering Dean’s skin. It stung like a bitch, and even if Dean had wanted to appear stoic and manly, he couldn’t help the way the fingers of his other hand convulsed around Castiel’s forearm. Luckily, Castiel didn’t seem to mind too much.
“Still not real,” he said in as level a tone as he could produce, pausing between each clearly enunciated word to allow them to hopefully sink in. “But it’s also still not part of the whole trauma-thing you took from Sam. Right now, we are both in your head, and I might actually die here if you can’t get it together. And that
Dean hummed a little as he played. “Did it help?” he asked. “Did you need whatever it was that you managed to get from my doodles and dumb-ass ramblings?”
“So not only have you kept up this charade through dozens of perfectly good opportunities to put an end to it, you’ve probably had to tell other lies based on the first one in order to keep it going. You gave him my
Dean nearly choked. “Wow, man, below the belt,” he said, feigning offense to cover up the fact that Castiel’s dirty humor was likely going to cause him to spontaneously combust in the very near future.
“I mean, wow,” Sam said, laughing again. “I guess I really was underestimating you. You’re a gym person now?”
“Don’t even try to keep up,” Amelia said ruefully. “Just when you think you’re getting the hang of the conversation, the rules will change and you’ll be lost again.” Claire squirmed her way free and dropped to the ground, running toward her father, and Amelia sighed heavily. “The sleeping bag was the latest crisis. It’s really just a blue sleeping bag, but we had to do some fast creative thinking when she started to melt down this morning because apparently princesses only use pink blankets.”
“The hunting club,” Castiel answered, wrinkling his nose in distaste. “Foxes, mostly. Some coyotes.” The others looked at each other skeptically. Castiel seemed to realize what they were all wondering, and he sighed, lifting his eyes upward. “Not real hunts, of course. From what I understand, the foxes were caught and released, just for the purposes of the sport. The hounds and hunters would chase them down, but they simply caught them, not killed them.”
Naomi turned her glare on Sam. "As I have already informed your brother, and as I would have
Years of stubborn pride seemed to clog his throat, refusing to let the truth come pouring out. Dean gritted his teeth, pushing his free hand into his hair and gripping it, yanking hard enough to make his scalp sting.
They finished getting ready for the day before stepping out of the tent and into the open air. “Okay, let’s get this party rolling,” Castiel said, clapping his hands together and rubbing them. “Coffee?”
Amelia was silent for long enough that Dean turned to look at her. She was studying him with a fond expression. “Doesn’t have to be much of a difference at all,” she said. “It’s kind of the whole point, more than just sparkly trinkets or expensive jewelry. They’re ways to show the other person that you’re thinking about them, and that you want to be the one to make them happy.”
“Never,” Balthazar swore, the absolute face of innocence. “Wars are active things, back and forth. Nasty business. I’m proposing more of a decisive statement.”
“And that was that,” Meg said, disbelieving. “He just shrugged it off, no further questions?”
Well. Never mind. Whatever this new development was, it was definitely not an escalation toward physical violence. When Dean practically hauled Castiel the rest of the way over the table and into his lap, though, Balthazar did begin to question the wisdom of continuing to stay uninvolved. Luckily, before he had to reach a decision, the two of them were stumbling toward the door.
"Yeah, that's a non-starter," Sam said, rolling his eyes. "Like I'd let you go by yourself with nobody to watch your back. But you realize that trying to do this on our own, on foot, without any kind of backup or support from anybody else…it's a long shot that we're even going to make it to the bunker."
“Mom lives in Florida with her cousin Sandra.”
At least, he was mostly sure. Maybe seventy-five percent. Okay, they hadn’t really covered that part, had they?
he shouted. Remembering where he was, he found himself waiting for the inevitable maternal reprimand over his language, but none came. Actually, come to that point, where was Mom? Surely, she would have heard the Emergency Alert, even if she hadn’t been concerned about the sounds of the gunshots, the screaming, the howling, and, newly added to the cacophony, the rising wail of sirens in the distance.
Jack scrambled to get closer, and Sam practically leapt forward to stand beside Jack, hand on his shoulder to hold him back. “You mean he’s not dead?” Jack asked with wide eyes. He reached to grab Castiel’s upper arms, probably to shake him, but Billie forestalled him with a severe look.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You think I haven’t mastered basic care and feeding of graduate assistants by now?” He opened his desk drawer and pulled out a few fun-sized candy bars. He tossed them one at a time at her, rapid-fire, giving an approving nod when she snagged every one of them neatly out of the air. “Nicely done, Willie Mays.”
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, blushing. “You know you are.”
Castiel made a disgruntled sound. “Not me, Dean. Again, this was like the rifle range, for base entertainment.”
“I knew you were ogling the eye candy doing the work, but I didn’t know you were going this far to get up close and personal with him.” Meg kept scrolling back, further and further in their text history. “Okay, at least I’m getting a picture as to how that was even allowed to happen. Wow.”
They continued to sit in tense stillness, staring. Finally, Castiel made an aggravated sound in his throat. “You tape, I’ll cut,” he decided. “Just make sure you tape off enough of the floor that we don’t have to do this again. Try to, um, estimate the size of…”
“Don’t forget to count!” Sam quickly reminded Dean as he was shuffling ahead. Mentally slapping himself for almost forgetting Dad’s last-ditch security defense against intruders, Dean moved back toward the tunnel mouth and started again, this time counting off his paces carefully as he moved.
Frowning, Balthazar tipped his head to the side. “Really?” he said. “It looked perfectly all right when I saw it before. And for all that he has the charisma of a fart on a subway, Mr. Devereaux isn’t the sort of landlord to neglect his properties, or to cover up any problem areas.”
Castiel’s glance back at him was thoroughly unimpressed. “Naturally,” he said dryly, his tone indicating that his assessment of Dean’s intelligence wasn’t improving in the wake of their first misunderstanding. “That is what ‘full’ means, after all.”
Castiel gritted his teeth. He glanced over his shoulder toward the children’s room and…the source of his headache.
Dean frowned, glancing at the bag and then back at Castiel. He slid his legs off the edge of the bed, standing and crossing the room hesitantly. Something about this had him wondering whether he was about to find a severed hand, a million dollars, or a ticking time bomb. Dean slid open the zipper carefully and peeked inside. It was all as Castiel had described, with the addition of a roll of heavy-duty black nylon, secured with a buckle. Looking back at Castiel, he cautiously lifted the roll and brought it back to the bed before unfastening the buckle and unrolling it. Inside, it was lined with small clear pockets, each of which held a hypodermic needle filled with a yellowish fluid.
“Baseboards,” Castiel said, which made utterly no sense at all, and Dean blinked, trying to translate the word into something relevant to what they were presently doing. Castiel dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder, burrowing in. “We have…the baseboards. And they really need to be nailed in place so that we can finish the painting. You are very distracting.”
“Well, it got my attention,” Dean said with a shrug. “It was so…powerful, I guess. Not just the talent, which—damn.”
“I did,” he confirmed. “Of course, I thought you were dead. Rather, I thought whoever had written them was dead, when I found them; I didn’t know they were yours specifically. So I didn’t see any reason not to look at them, you understand. I truly was beginning to believe that there was nobody left alive in the area, possibly in the entire country. At the very best, I thought perhaps there were a handful of survivors like me, scattered around, but that the likelihood of one of us stumbling over another would be…miniscule. I believed the person who wrote those words was gone—and that I myself would probably not last much longer.”
“Wow,” Dean breathed. Spent, Castiel seemed to be using Dean’s legs to hold himself up, pressing his forehead to the sole of Dean’s foot as he tried to catch his own breath. A moment of dazed consideration later, Dean snickered. “I’d roll over and make room for you, but this crate ain’t really queen-sized.”
“Killing zombies?” Castiel asked.
At the sound of her voice trembling, Dean pulled her in close for a hug (avoiding pressing her up against the apparently lethal antenna), patting her back gently. “You know I will,” he said.
and told Dean he could move into his fucking
“I don’t think so?” Castiel said, squinting and shrugging helplessly. “I’ve never even seen the man, and I haven’t left any messes or created any kind of loud disturbances on my side of the house.”
“I’m sure you think you’re being amusing, but could you please stop with that sort of imagery before one or both of us winds up lying awake all night, twitching at every noise?” Leaning over to drop a kiss on Dean’s cheekbone to soften the words of reproach, Castiel climbed out of the car and headed for the trunk to unload it without waiting for a response.
Something at the back of his brain stirred at the thought, pulling gently at his attention, but when he tried to put his finger on whatever it was, the thought flitted away and out of reach.
A few minutes later, Castiel returned, sagging into Dean’s back with a whimper. “Can I tag out yet?” he begged. “I think you can take a break from the grill, since most people have finished eating dinner and have moved on to the desserts. I can handle any extra requests as they come, so long as you play Gabe handler for a while.”
Castiel looked as though a teasing remark was on the tip of his tongue, but he held it back, running his thumb over the seam on the hip of Dean’s jeans. “Good,” he replied, the bridge of his nose crinkling as he grinned back.
Dean scowled, dropping down to sit on the bottom step (and ignoring the ominous creak that had Castiel slowly lifting his eyes toward the top of the wooden stairs). “Aren’t you supposed to be a service professional? Is this the way you talk to all your clients?” No matter how hot the guy might be, Dean was starting to be seriously put off by the feeling that he was being judged personally.
“The main issue with mold actually isn’t the mold itself, most of the time,” Castiel said as he returned to the kitchen. He frowned at the sink, thinking. “You kill the mold, bleach it to death…it’s not that complicated. The more pressing issue is to find and repair the source of the moisture. Your mold pattern looks more like a plumbing problem than a groundwater one, so you’ll need to find the leak.” Dean nodded in understanding, and he stood back and watched as Castiel pulled a flashlight from his pocket and knelt to begin studying the pipes under the sink.
“I am listening to you. Are you listening to yourself?” Sam argued back now, and the way he was visibly restraining himself, as though Dean was something fragile that needed to be handled delicately just pissed him off even more. “First you deliberately disobeyed orders from the major and put yourself in danger by tampering with your equipment. Then you somehow came to the bizarre conclusion that there’s a dude out there riding out the apocalypse by hosting a
Dean knew his way around fine print. He was a goddamned professor, after all, and Dean Winchester, Ph.D., didn’t need any hand-holding to read a contract.
Castiel looked unhappy, lips pursed in concern. “I just think…” His sentence trailed off uncertainly as they locked eyes, and his nostrils flared slightly as he scented the air around them.
What could possibly go wrong?
“Uh, more like seven or eight,” Sam replied, head tilted in an equally perplexed fashion.
“Wow,” Dean said, eyebrows shooting upward. “Can’t imagine what Thanksgiving looks like at your place.”
“You’d better,” Castiel said, his eyes sparkling. “I look forward to…finishing our conversation.”
Sam broke in once more. "Major, we're both very sorry for your loss. What Dean is asking, though, is whether you're confident that Castiel was actually bitten. Is it possible that the zom only got his clothes, or that the teeth didn't break his skin? We've all had some pretty close calls that have had us going over our own skin, inch by inch, just to be sure we only got bruised. Maybe you didn't see what you thought you saw."
Castiel snorted, and Dean jumped a little as the sensation tickled against his skin. “I have no idea what you’re talking about. What part of any of this was I hiding when I managed to work sexual innuendo into every other conversation while we worked? Or when I could barely rip my eyes off you when you perspired your way through those thin band shirts, like a slow-motion wet tee-shirt contest? Dean, I obviously only agreed to go along with your ridiculous, poorly thought-out fake dating scheme so that I could have the chance to spend more time with you. I had my
"I keep wondering why I'm not falling apart over it. It hurts, like an ache when I forget and look around for him before it comes back. How come Dad was destroyed when he lost Mom, but I've lost both my folks and I'm not in pieces? I'm no stronger than he was. Dad was so tough. Sometimes, though, it was like he only had one purpose, taking care of her and us, and when that went away, he was just done. I think maybe you've got to have more than that. I love Sammy, I loved Mom and Dad, but I'm not living for them. I don't know if that makes any sense, but it's as good a reason as any."
“Well, sure, an assault would be fucking stupid and a waste of time,” Dean interrupted with a shake of his head. “That’s not what I’m talking about. We can’t go in and try to battle our way through, but a stealth raid might work. Go in the back door, take a smaller group that can move quietly, grab and go.”
Dean laughed shortly, shaking his head. He immediately regretted it, as the forest kept spinning a little when he’d stopped. Letting his legs fold under him and dropping to sit on the ground, Dean rubbed at his temples. “I’m fine,” he told Claire.
“Dean, you didn’t have to come down here,” Castiel said, though he immediately flopped against Dean’s side in a boneless heap. “I’m sure it’ll all be worked out soon. You’re probably just as tired as I am.”
“I just can’t believe he’s actually dead,” Dean said thoughtfully. “Still doesn’t make sense. He was talking about zombies! He talked about the Crisis happening a year and a half ago! If he got bit that first night, then how’d he make a recording with all that information on it? Longest I’ve ever seen a person last between being bit and going gray was, what, five days?”
“No, Meg, stop,” Dean protested, but it was too late. A second graduate assistant sauntered into the room, looking tired but curious.
“Holy shit,” Dean said, feeling his stomach flip. “Yourself? With what, a butcher knife?”
“Do I get a vote?” came Charlie’s voice over their headsets. They were stretching the bounds of their radio’s transmission abilities, but she could apparently still hear enough to weigh in on their discussions. “Because I’m a big fan of boring.”
“Oh,” Dean said, feeling a mixture of relief and embarrassment. “Yeah, I think the previous owners must have had a cat or something.”
When Dean had chosen his thesis subject last winter, he’d had no idea it would lead to a situation where he’d have to deal with actual
“See, there’s another vote,” Meg drawled. “So, Krissy, would you call his jacket ‘distinguished’? Or maybe something else?”
cat? As in singular? You think one cat did
That one, of course, got jeered down by nearly everyone in the room.
Castiel wasn’t coherent enough to understand him, anyway. “It’s not real,” he was mumbling now, shaking his head. “You’re not really him. The Michael Sword—Dean! Dean Winchester is not here. It’s all a lie, I know, I know…”
“You think it’ll be that complicated?”
“Geronimo,” Dean grumbled, rubbing his hands on his pant legs before sitting and dangling his legs into the darkness. The rungs felt freezing against his palms, but hesitation wouldn’t make it better.
“As I was saying. He’s not good enough for you. Then again, pickings have gotten quite slim as of late. Tom Hiddleston is probably off the market for good, along with most of London.” She’d chuckled, her bluff falling apart at his look of incredulity. “Oh, just be happy, Castiel. I think, or I hope, we’ve all earned a little of that.”
“You know that’s not what I’m talking about,” Dean growled as he marched up to the bar and braced his palms on the wood. “I mean your little ‘test the waters’ plan. I hired your ‘friend,’ who, by the way, took the fee and now refuses to answer any phone calls, so I can only assume she did the job.”
Dean, apparently noticing that Castiel was looking a bit dazed, frowned again. “I honestly don’t know what to do for this kind of mental shock, or whatever,” he said, sounding frustrated. “Tessa, our camp medic, might know, but I guess you’ll have to wait a day or two. It’s not exactly next door, and my legs...oh, shit.” Dean tried to stand, but his muscles seemed to protest violently.
Dean gulped, feeling intensely discomfited at being caught out so quickly. “Um,” he said. “Maybe?”
Sam looked up in alarm. “You sure?” he said. “That one looks a little—”
In a sated daze, Dean could only lie back in total awe of the unbelievably hot scene playing out above him. Castiel’s eyes flashed, his jaw clenched, and the muscles in his torso rippled as he thrust, fast and hard. The head of his cock kept slipping past the base of Dean’s sac, and if he’d been eighteen again, the friction might have been enough to stir things up for a second round. As things were, he could only dream wistfully of the nonexistent refractory periods of his youth when, with a broken cry that might have been his name, Castiel trembled through his own release.
his rock, always supportive and caring and loving and amazing, and if he could put up with a year like this one, with the avalanches of novels and the fraying tempers over nonsense, then Castiel didn’t want to wait one more minute without making it clear how incredibly, blindingly in love he felt in return.
“Creepy,” she said, sounding unimpressed. Dean noted how, even though she clung to her facade of utter boredom, not bothering to lift her head, she did turn it to one side, her eyes flicking upward curiously. When they’d run across Claire, hiding in the back of the old hardware store, it was obvious she’d been on her own for a while, holing up in whatever location she could secure. Sam’s sincere promises of a safe haven and a dependable community had only seemed to make her more suspicious, and Dean wondered if she was only now beginning to truly believe that they hadn’t been lying, drawing her out for some twisted purpose of their own.
your inspection appointment somehow slipped off the schedule, leaving nothing to be done but to either cancel at the last minute, or else…” He spread his arms to his sides in a gesture of haggard defeat.
Pausing, Sam blinked. “The line about wanting to be saved?”
He had to do
Dean studied Sam’s face for a moment. “Eileen tell you that?”
Dean held his breath as he watched Sam sidle closer, raising a hand cautiously to stroke the horse’s flank. He was positive he was about to bear witness to a brutal maiming, but instead, the horse only turned to look at Sam questioningly, not even bothering to stop chewing its mouthful of grass. Sam grinned at Dean and Castiel, thrilled.
) and snarled at him, lunging menacingly. He was screaming, and he couldn’t
“Cas!” Dean was across the room and bent over the chair in a heartbeat. Castiel looked absolutely terrible. Around his head was a sort of metal ring, sort of like what Dean associated with spine stabilization in hospitals. As far as he knew, though, the doctors didn’t typically screw those stabilizers directly into their patients’ heads with giant, vicious-looking needles. “Oh, Jesus,” Dean muttered, feeling sick. He wasn’t sure what the right thing to do here was, but he couldn’t just let that
he thought, seeing his brother’s name on the display.
the guy was saying. It was apparently a melancholy day for him; his voice was rougher, as though he hadn’t slept.
Dean! Not a mechanic! I’m not saying one’s better than the other, but they’re not interchangeable! When’s the last time you stood in front of a classroom with a broken furnace and a wrench, or showed your students how to put up drywall? Your dissertation was about robot kinetics!”
“Here, come over here,” Dean said, beckoning with a jerk of his head to the side. Castiel wasn’t particularly thirsty, but he came obediently, dropping to his knees by the water. Dean took one of Castiel’s hands in his own calloused grip, firm but not rough, and dipped it into the chilly water. “Feel that? Pretty damn cold, right? Doesn’t that feel real?”
with jewelry. That’s too much, too fast. Technically, courting gifts are supposed to start with something perishable, not permanent. Flowers, you know. Candy, or something sweet like that.”
The sound of splashing footsteps pulled Dean’s attention forward once more, where Castiel was scaling the bank out of the lake and shaking the water from his hair. A familiar rush of warmth shot through Dean’s chest at the sight of Castiel’s gorgeous smile, pulling a matching grin to his own face before he realized. With water droplets streaming down his bare chest and glistening on his broad shoulders, he looked like some sort of Roman deity emerging from the sea.
The night turns on its invisible wheels,
“We can’t leave the trail,” Claire said solemnly. “There might be a Big Bad Wolf.”
“A utility knife would be more efficient, and I have plenty of tools in the van,” Castiel said, the corners of his lips twitching, and Dean felt like slapping himself. This was the man’s
Dean’s guilt-induced wretched mood followed him through the rest of his work day, then through his workout at the university Rec Center. It was the height of poetic justice that he had found himself practically obligated to begin exercising regularly, since, what with his own plumbing currently out of commission, he already had to go to the gym to shower. Jogging on a treadmill was still about as appealing as intensive dental work, but Dean had found that making his way at a moderate trot around the track over the basketball court could be almost relaxing if he focused on watching the pick-up games on the court below. (It was a strategy not without risk, as he discovered one time when a heated game became so engrossing that Dean almost collided with a slower runner ahead of him in his lane.)
“Okay, okay,” Dean said in a rush, trying not to combust. “But just because we’re crazy about each other right now doesn’t mean I won’t find a way to mess it all up in the future. You
. “So what if there is?” Dean said, feeling cornered. This was the worst. Being caught before he even had the chance to confess was a double whammy of humiliation.
This was supposed to be his last opportunity for a frighteningly long time to have a little agency in his own life. A couple of unexpected months, dropped into his lap like a surprise gift, all because apparently the earliest report date for the Engineer course at Fort Leonard wasn’t going to be until the middle of July. Part of him had felt relieved at the temporary reprieve, but he really should have known better than to think he’d get anything like a vacation. No, this was just more time for Dad to keep “persuading” him to switch branches.
Castiel frowned impatiently. “I understand that, but…” He looked back at Dean, thinking to try again, but he was caught off-guard by the apprehension on Dean’s face.
A light blush colored freckled cheekbones, but Dean smirked without looking away. “Well, I mean. They weren’t
Dean snorted dismissively, sitting down and pointing toward the whiskey shelf. “Eh, a bunch, but a lot of them were fugly. Probably got ‘em clearanced somewhere. Most of them, I shoved in the rag bag for cleaning.”
“No, that’s the weird part,” Dean said. “He decided he was in.”
“Good!” snapped Castiel with a scowl.
Most days, that would have been a pretty good indication that he should turn right back around and go, wait for somebody else to be the unfortunate sonofabitch to be the next guy in the major’s sights. Truthfully, Dean knew that was still the logical choice; even knowing he’d been hearing a live broadcast from a guy trapped all alone and waiting to die, the fact was that the guy
In the week since he and Castiel had thoroughly broken in his new living room, they’d made it a point to similarly enjoy all the rest of the rooms in the house, from the floor of the office (where Castiel had pounded him into a frenzy) to the kitchen counter (as well as up against the fridge, where Dean had already discovered the truth of Mrs. Tran’s warning about fingerprints, as well as other kinds of prints, on stainless steel). There had been one rather mortifying experience when, while christening the bathroom, Dean had managed to accidentally dial Sam when he’d dropped to his knees on their pile of discarded clothing. The events that ensued had been traumatizing for all involved, but at least Dean was no longer remotely concerned about Sam doubting the validity of his relationship. Castiel’s deep moans were exceptionally resonant in that room, what with all the tile.
“So dock my paycheck,” Meg answered with a smirk before going on. “You’re all tense and fidgety, but not grouchy, so something must have happened to change the scene. I’m well aware of how much you were dreading having to come clean, so either you figured out a fool-proof way to do it without Sam getting pissed, or…you figured out a way for you to keep the game going.”
“All the same,” Sam went on, “a dog would have been a lot cheaper than a house, if you were looking for company. Ow!” There were sudden noises indicating a brief scuffle, to the sound of Sam protesting mildly and with laughter.
Castiel, too, felt a little uncertain about how to respond. Truthfully, what he felt was something close to awe. Other than Alfie and a few close friends in college, he’d never really had anybody connect with his music like this, beyond surface compliments on his technical abilities. That it was Dean saying these things felt much more significant to him than it should, since, no matter what his confused mind might want to believe, they didn’t
“I truly hope so,” Castiel said, helping Dean climb into the passenger seat without jarring his injury.
“I’ll take care of it,” Dean replied. He still felt like his head wanted to pop with pressure, and sweat droplets felt like ice dripping along his overheated neck, and it was making it hard for him to sort out his feelings of irritation from all the physical complaints. “See you later. Hey, Claire, need a lift back to camp?” Lifting her into his arms, Dean almost staggered unexpectedly under the weight, but he covered the momentary weakness with a couple of bounces that made her giggle. Sliding her around to his back, Dean gritted his teeth behind a tight smile as he headed back along the trail.
“Hey, give me some credit. I have taste.” He felt like taking his phone back, but that sort of self-sabotage was a step too far, even for him.
With one final
The repair guy could sign on for the weirdness, but only because he’ll have Dean by the financial throat over a house that’s just one good breeze away from either cracking completely in half or going up in a giant fireball.
Fidgeting and toying with the other objects on the table, Dean looked chagrined at being called out. “Well, you were banged up, man. Not like I was going to get much sleep back in my bunk, anyway. After that horse race, I was too wired to rest much. Figured I’d keep an eye on you for the doc, let her get a little shut-eye.” He gave Castiel a crooked grin and a wink that didn’t come off quite as self-assured as he’d likely meant it to.
“So all that hands-on experience has got to make working on Dean’s place a lot easier, right?” Sam said. “He said it was in rough shape, but at least it was already built.”
For all his brazenness until that point, it seemed Castiel had finally been driven to speechlessness. As Dean set about using his hands, tongue, and lips to take him apart down to the foundation, the air left Castiel’s lungs in a protracted exhale that ended on a groan. After that, the only word he appeared capable of remembering was Dean’s name—sometimes stammered, sometimes sighed, occasionally whimpered once Dean discovered the effectiveness of a particular combination of a serpentine tongue movement plus some firm thumb pressure applied just behind the balls.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing here?” The words were hissed, more air than sound, but Dean could feel the rage vibrating in every syllable. Goosebumps made the hair on his arms stand on end as he gritted his teeth and forced himself to keep his feet firmly planted and not flinch away.
Castiel slid sideways toward some spots of old paint on the floor and started scratching at them with a fingernail. “Maybe it would,” he said carelessly, not looking up from the splatter. “On the other hand, we might be able to encourage him to back off entirely, or at least a fraction, by easing the novelty of the situation. It would also remove the concern of him popping by unexpectedly and finding me here, especially if you’re delayed coming home from work.”
Bobby Singer, the radio handler and unofficial uncle, apparently, to everyone in town, had given him a hard stare when Dean had dragged Castiel to the bar his first night out. Castiel had tried not to flinch under the weight of his eyes, worried that he might fail to pass muster, which might cause trouble for Dean, but then Bobby had harrumphed and slid a drink in to his hand, keeping his opinions to himself on Castiel’s worth. He hadn’t spared Dean his gruff remarks, though, for what Castiel had recently discovered had been an entirely unauthorized rescue mission.
The problem, though, with researching a man whose charisma and dashing backstory were large enough to inspire literal folk songs in his honor was all the room for exaggeration, as well as the poetic liberties that people of the era often took with the stories. Additionally, the spellings of names in Hanoverian writings were often variable, so “Ratcliffe” might be “Ratclyffe,” “Radcliff,” or “Radclyffe,” and that didn’t even get into the weirdness of “Derwentwater,” the ancestor’s title. Dean had been on the brink of punching his computer screen when a classmate with colleagues at Oxford had offered him a contact email for a personal friend in the National Archives.
(See the end of the chapter for
One of the soldiers was cursing a blue streak. “So much for a covert operation,” he growled. “Every damn zom in the building is heading our way right now. What do we do, Major?”
"We'll try again tomorrow," Sam suggested. "I could try going in alone, telling her we just want to run check the bunker. No matter what, it wouldn't hurt to gather up some of the stuff you know Dad left in there. She might—"
There were those squirmy feelings of guilt again. “Hey, you had no way of knowing. I mean, I never did anything like this before.”
“That’s no little helicopter,” Dean volleyed back, then added with a twinkle in his eye, “and don’t call me Shirley.”
Sam barked a derisive laugh. “Dean seems to think he’s carrying the weight of the world, not just a bunch of hatchets. And, by the way, Bobby, would you please tell him that we did not need to bring back a damn chainsaw, which would have taken up most of the room in the bag, anyway?”
Castiel snorted. “Maybe dinner first,” he teased gently, and Dean bit his lip as his cheeks bloomed red.
“From Castiel? That would absolutely be the kind of thing he’d use to try to court a mate,” she said with a smirk. “And it looks like it worked, didn’t it? He found someone who’d appreciate what he wanted to give, I guess.”
Dean winced. “No chance Benton was pinned down in a building in there?”
The fuel slowed them down on their way back, so despite his misgivings about keeping his headset tuned into the broadcast, Dean got to listen to the man soulfully working his way through the Beatles’ “Good Night.”
Dad was shoving the bag into his arms, repeating himself as he tried to turn Castiel around and push him bodily out the door. Naomi seemed more concerned about getting there quickly so she could report back to her own base than she was about the risk that they would be arrested, or shot, or…what was the reporter screaming about now? Fucking
“Cas,” the voice called again, much closer. “Cas, don’t move. Just…just don’t…are you okay? God, of course you’re not. Christ! Dammit, Sam, go get Tessa! Tell her it’s an emergency! And bring a stretcher or something!”
for yourself then, ya perv.” Meg just shrugged in good-natured acceptance, not bothering to deny the friendly accusation, and Donna continued. “Anyway, Jody and I brought back the dude’s pile of weapons, too, and I have no clue what a lot of it is, but it sure seemed deadly enough, I gotta give him that. Lots of things on long poles with big sharp edges.”
“At least four times a week, counting phone calls and texting?” Dean guessed, cringing.
"Try," she said bitterly. Her eyes were icy, her tone dangerous.
“Uh, Sam, there might be one more…complicating factor I should probably tell you before we go talk to Naomi.”
How could they get in? The door was locked, barred, and he hadn’t heard anything from that direction. Had he been so caught up in his own thoughts that he could have missed the sound of someone breaking it down?
“Well, whose fault is that? Only half these fluids are mine, dude.” Sitting up and carefully pulling the soaked shirt over his head, Dean made a face at the smell. “Yeah, shower time. You coming?”
Dean glanced at Claire once more. She’d settled on the floor next to him, still refusing to move from his side, and she was quietly drawing another picture. “After all that, I think I need a good long while before I can think about pups,” he admitted. “As afraid as I was for myself, I was more scared for her. You gotta know, I’d never have forgiven myself if something had happened.”
Dean nodded. “Okay,” he replied.
TW for graphic violence.
“Well, that’s just great,” groused Bobby, and now that Dean stopped to think, the base’s reception was a little different, maybe a touch deeper, from what he usually noted when the handler spoke. “Probably some damn local radio station that put things on autoplay before they all ate each other’s brains. Something else for us to deal with when we gear you all up for missions.”
“Okay, what am I walking into here?” said Castiel, stumbling over to the rock and dropping onto the warm surface. “Amelia, you wouldn’t be interrogating Dean, would you? It feels more like a deposition than a vacation over here.”
Luckily, the horses didn’t need much encouragement to flee down the road, moving toward the small hills in the west. In most other places, the hills would hardly have been considered worth recognizing as such, mere bumps in an unrelentingly flat topography. As fast as the horses galloped, they would have had to go much further than they would be able to travel to escape from view. After a handful of minutes, they were flagging and heaving for breath.
“Think I owe you more than one dinner for this,” he deflected, then shook his head at himself. He couldn’t bring himself to shove the feelings down any more, whether he should or not. “I wish I could, you know. Buy you dinner. Take you out and…and really show you how much I…appreciate this. You.”
“Well, I never claimed to play fair,” Castiel laughed. Rocking back onto his heels before standing, he gripped the back of his own shirt’s neckline and yanked it up over his head and off before tossing it in the same general direction he’d thrown Dean’s. Now it was Dean’s turn to stare, because the man was
Finally, when Dean had thrown his backpack into his dorm bedroom and spun right back around to take off for the major's quarters, Sam had grabbed his shoulder and pushed him through the door and into the room, then shoved him up against the wall.
“Really?” Dean felt a little whiplash from the sudden change in conversational direction, but he couldn’t deny the appeal of possibly getting to keep working with Castiel.
As far as first kisses went, this one was definitely on the rougher end of the spectrum. Every bit of the frustration, confusion, aggravation, and impatience of the evening was poured into it, and as soon as Dean realized exactly what was happening, if not why, he did his best to give as good as he was getting. That was no easy feat, though, because Castiel was an all-consuming frenzy, dedicated to covering every inch of Dean’s skin he could reach with wet, trailing,
going to do—there’s a big leap between deciding that the guy is alive and concluding that he’s living in
Castiel’s concentration was broken abruptly as noise and a loud scuffle erupted in the trees just out of his sight. Shouting, growling, loud grunts and the sounds of impact, he noted. Benny, fighting off whatever else was there.
“And that’ll be enough,” Castiel cut in, putting a hand on his brother’s shoulder and turning him toward the house. “You wanted to see the job? Then let’s go look at the job.” Dean was still choking down his snickers at that image, but he stumbled along behind.
“He’ll get over it once Michael claims his vessel and takes charge. And if he doesn’t, well, you know.”
They quickly swept all the costumes they could find into their bags, then topped them with the math and history books that had been the primary reason their mission request had been approved. The brothers were much slower as they moved out, but their grins were irrepressible. Dean felt lighter than he had in ages, imagining the looks on the children’s faces when they saw the outfits. Too many of those kids were scarily serious, staring somberly at the playground instead of running and giggling.
When Castiel kept his hand cupped over Dean’s grip, fingers laced together as he guided Dean toward the marked spot…well, how could Dean be blamed if he decided that it wasn’t all that important to set this particular record straight? After all, it
“You saying I have no poker face?” Dean wasn’t sure he liked being so transparent, even if he’d been reassured that it wouldn’t be used against him.
Dean felt Castiel relax slightly, and he realized Castiel hadn’t really been confident about what his sister would choose to do. Not that Dean would have let her take Castiel away against his will, but he felt relief that this, at least, wouldn’t have to be a fight. “So you’ll stay in New Lebanon?” he asked, hoping.
Dean’s hand hadn’t moved away from Castiel’s cheek, and now he paused in his ministrations, his thumb lingering on the sharp cheekbone. “Cas, you don’t have to,” he said softly. Thinking about Castiel like that, all alone in the bunker with only his darkest thoughts for company, made Dean’s throat tighten. He wanted to wrap Castiel up in a soft blanket, hold him tight, and do everything in his power to erase those memories for him.
Dean shrugged, not at all about to get in the middle of that strange family dynamic. “Anything you say, ma’am,” he replied agreeably.
“Castiel?” he repeated. “Is that your name?”
“Exactly,” Castiel agreed. “And you can feel free to tell anyone you like about it. The publishers would actually love for you to do that, so their presales will rise.”
Dean thought. On the heels of that, he changed his mind; Castiel in full righteous fury was apparently striking all kinds of right notes in Dean’s psyche and beginning to make things a bit uncomfortable for him in the pants region.
“No offense, but you’re not a bloodhound,” the ranger said, shaking his head. “You said yourself, there’s ground to cover, and even if it’s not the whole mountain, it’s still further than what you’re going to be able to scent without being right up on them.”
“Anyhow, pretty sure I’m not in charge of that part,” Dean added, in an undertone, with a grimace.
“Which leaves…” Dean said, and Castiel nodded glumly.
mystery guy. Not
“Swear to God, Cas, you’re still breathing,” Dean laughed as his eyes started to water a little too. “And you better stay that way, after all the work we both put into it.” He released their shared handclasp with one hand and, with his thumb, brushed away a few of the tears tracking down Castiel’s cheek, relishing how the rasp of stubble was so tangible and
“Cas,” Dean said, glancing at him out of the corner of his eye, “you sure this is an actual camping trip, and not just a convenient way to get rid of me if I don’t pass muster?”
Castiel nodded. “But anyone paying any attention at all figured out pretty damn fast that even if you refused to buy into the notion that we were all living in a Romero head-trip, getting bitten by one of the other victims was not something from which you were going to recover. After the first dozen or so people I saw who went from bite to choking on their last breaths, then getting back up and shambling off groaning…I figured I was just taking my time about it. I had plenty of time to think, anyway, since there wasn’t much else I could do.”
A cracking sound, sharp and unexpected, startled Dean as a branch under his left foot snapped and threw him off-balance. He tried to catch himself with his right foot, but the earlier pain returned in spades, and he hissed as he pitched forward into the branches overhanging the drop-off.
“I realize that,” he said, “as does everyone who sees you on any sort of regular basis. Now that you’re local, I am
“Hey, old man, this shit’s not light,” Dean protested, following along behind Sam. “Lot harder to spend the day running with packs of hardware than it is with bottles of meds or food, you know. Anyway, no problems with shamblers or anything else bitey—you can tell Jody she and her crew did a damn good job—but a couple crawlers were hiding in the overgrowth outside camp gates, FYI. Oh, and one extra crawler inside the store, except that one had a pulse.”  Claire made a rude noise without turning, and Dean grinned.
There was text after text in the group chat with the the gang in Chicago, who were freaking out because the trains had all been shut down and the traffic-jammed streets were beginning to fill with shoving, hysterical mobs.
Castiel stood, twisting from side to side and feeling small pops in his neck and back. “Mmm, sounds perfect. Did you drive here? Do we need to go get your car?”
“Winchester finally leathered up and got some,” Meg said proudly as she gestured toward Dean’s neck.
“You already said, and it’s okay,” Dean said, slowing down his strumming as he looked up at Castiel’s face, not a hint of discomfort in his eyes. “You found my pictures. Would have been weirder if you didn’t go all through the stuff lying around the place, with all that time you were holed up down there.”
Tessa frowned, annoyed at the interruption. “New Lebanon has a military presence, helping protect and keep us in the loop,” she said. “We’re lucky to have it.”
“No!” Her stubborn refusal was predictable, Dean felt. Claire dropped to the ground, right in the middle of the dirt path, and started jerking at her laces. “My toes,” she whined. “They pinch.”
"Ma'am, believe me, we both understand the seriousness of the situation," Sam said placatingly. "And I'm not trying to argue that the ends justify the means, but in the meantime, we now know that there is a lone survivor within a day's run, and it would be inhumane to leave him to die because of a breach in protocol that led to the discovery."
Dean stuck his tongue out, even though it wouldn’t be visible. “Very funny. At least somebody’s enjoying this.”
“You’ve done marathons?” said Eileen, fingers flying in excitement. The discussion was interrupted by the arrival of their food, and the enjoyment of his bacon cheeseburger gave Dean a perfect excuse to ignore the chatter between his sister-in-law and Castiel about their favorite races. He wasn’t able to avoid hearing Castiel declare that he preferred winter races, and that his running tights were more than sufficient to keep him from freezing. Great, now he’d have that mental image stuck firmly in his head along with all the other fantasies that were accumulating at an alarming rate.
“Naomi makes a good case,” Castiel huffed instead. “You should have heard her talking. I had no clue Doctor Benton was as obsessed as he was, but I can definitely believe that between him and Dad, they could have pushed each other toward something frightening, something they thought would be groundbreaking. It broke something, anyway.”
