“I couldn’t stand
The lake, when he comes back, is exactly the same as he left it. Steve sits down, his muscles not what they used to be.
if he didn’t want him. At the end of the day, to Tony’s initial surprise, Steve is every bit as good as the legends said he was – maybe, Tony thinks to himself, watching as Steve patiently demonstrates to Thor how to chop onions, even more.
“Yeah.” His eyes, his smile, all his focus entirely on Steve - it’s almost overwhelming, but it’s an overwhelming Steve can’t get enough of. “Don’t want to drink tonight,” he says, between a smile Steve is pretty certain could melt actual titanium. Then he swallows, his nostrils widening as he takes a deep breath. “You know, I… I have a room at the palace.”
Which leads him to theory number two, one of the simplest: it’s a generational thing. Steve was born in a different time, a time where, if you wanted to have sex with a girl, you had to get ready to marry her and father her children. Therefore, he just doesn’t know how to navigate the many intricacies of modern dating. Of course he wasn’t going to get handsy after a few months – his perception of what a relationship entails is just fundamentally different.
He shouldn’t still be dreaming of it. So much time had passed.
Steve smiled and looked down a bit to check his phone, and, when he raised his head, he found two Pomeranians in front of the bench, staring at him.
But it’s also okay, because Steve is here – right next to him, eyes half-lidded, mouth curled in a peaceful smile as he starts to drift off to sleep.
everything changes, pleasure building inside Steve at every flicker of Tony’s wrist, and his body starts bucking back, wanting to sink further onto Tony’s fingers.
Tony tries, but it’s impossible. Before, it felt like a painful, but rational situation: Steve choosing Barnes over him, choosing to keep Barnes safe over trusting Tony. A straight, clean knife in Tony’s back.
Steve lets out a tentative smile, small but honest, and it’s hard, for Tony, to stop himself from finding out what it tastes like. “Tony—"
What he says is,
But the dog was not chipped, and its single eye looked at Steve with so much love and devotion when the lady from the shelter informed him of it, that the outcome was really unavoidable.
, Tony thought as the kiss grew harder, turning from kiss to
Tony swallowed.
It maybe be the dorkiest come-on Tony’s ever gotten, but, as he follows Steve’s cute, 1940s-styled butt to the sea, he can only be thankful the water is cold.
“I called Quill,” Steve said, his expression a good indicator of how that conversation went. “He said ‘oh yeah, she has a thing for blonds.’”
Stark exhaled slowly. “Like the fact that up until that point, the only good thing I ever did was changing the direction of the company. Aside from that, I had completely wasted my entire life.” His mouth twisted as if he had swallowed something bitter. “And I think – I mean, I can’t remember everything exactly, but I’m… I’m pretty sure a negotiation took place. Somehow. Wherever I was.”
He didn’t, though. He was still shivering, and he forced himself to try another breath.
“Is Thor going to come with you? Is he going to help you fight Loki?”
“I never paid much attention to history class.”
The kids still have a lot of questions, but Tony lets them talk, taking advantage of their agitation to wink at Steve, who raises himself from the tiny chair and passes him the book.
When the elevator door opens, Tony rushes ahead, slipping out of Steve’s hold. He takes a few quick strides into the suite, on his way to the bedroom, desperate to put some distance between them, to get that amazing I.Q. of his to start working again.
Tony’s eyebrows must hit the ceiling.
Steve takes a moment to answer, so Tony was right, he was probably getting ready to sleep. “Sure.” He gives a light squeeze around Tony’s waist, and his beard scratches the back of Tony’s neck, not helping the whole shivers situation at all. “What is it?”
“Oh, hey, look what the cat dragged in,” says a voice from behind him, making Tony jump, startled. As he turns around, he sees Sam sitting behind the kitchen counter, eating a bowl of cereal.
“Sorry, buddy,” Tony says. He’s pretty much glued to Steve now, tangled around him like a sloth, and when he talks, he’s saying the words practically on his skin. “Not that this is a bad idea, but
Steve does. He may not trust his mind right now, but he trusts Tony with all he has.
“Nothing,” Stark said, sounding a little desperate. “You just… I didn’t think it was true. I just needed to be around you for a while to be certain. But boy, have you proved me wrong.”
He watches the way Tony’s mouth curls when he lowers his glass, the way it breaks into an approving smile as if Steve’s done something amazing.
imagining Steve hooking up with Ayesha, which didn’t help at all. “Okay. Maybe we should play along with her? Like, lean into this angle of a just-for-appearances couple? I suppose it doesn’t really count as lying if they think we’re just lying to ourselves.”
with someone at a wedding, it wouldn’t be with Tony, of all people. Tony, more than anyone else, would have no reason to be interested, aware as he is of the many ways Steve doesn’t really live up to the legend built around him.
“Yes, it is.” He took a step forward, and from his seat Tony could see a flush descending down his neck, close to a pulsing vein. “This is now the second time you’ve insulted my marriage. I’m not interested in sticking around for the third.”
There’s a moment of silence. Tony’s eyes are wide, but there’s something warm about them, like a spark. His voice is soft when he speaks. “I missed you”.
“Gotta get you out of these pants,” Tony says, opening Steve’s zipper and pulling them down. Steve helps by kicking them off, and Tony’s hands immediately climb to his thighs, squeezing before he gets to his goal, Steve’s boxers, which he strips off incredibly quickly, as if they’re offending him.
Just like that.
? A mean-spirited but reasonable voice echoed inside him. Stark clearly didn’t have trouble finding partners, and Steve had seen the type of men he usually brought home – a far cry from himself, definitely. Even if they slept together, what reason would he have to try anything?
to take care of the company was double-dealing, and he was the one who set everything up to get me kidnaped in the first place. He… he was my dad’s best friend.”
to be a checkup session with Bruce, or so Steve thought when he came down to the lab. He had been led to believe Tony was still at a board meeting. Instead, as soon as he steps inside, there Tony was, sitting on a chair, fiddling with some schematics Steve didn’t recognize.
And then Mr. Clean turned out to be named Drax, and he turned out to understand everything in the most literal way possible, and, well, before Tony knew it, as far as the galaxy was concerned, he and Steve were married. Twice over.
Tony loves that freckle so fucking much.
“Apologies,” Howard says, his voice cutting as his eyes land on the chair to his right. To his frank surprise, Tony is dressed properly, in a blue waistcoat with golden embroidery and blue breeches. His posture is slightly slouched, but, as he schools his features in a serious expression and looks back at Howard with curiosity, he almost looks just as a young man on his position should. Almost. “Should I put on a jester’s hat for my next joke? Would that make it more amusing to you?”
He’s about to make an attempt to raise his head a millimeter to say it better, but then the warmth is gone, and he hears the door opening.
“You,” Steve replies immediately, because, isn’t it obvious? “Want you, Tony, want…” He trails off, unable to speak, focusing instead on pressing more kisses along the line of Tony’s neck, feeling his muscles pulsing, the smell of his skin.
Tony shifts in his sleep, and god, does Steve love him. He loves him so much it’s embarrassing, loves him so much the thought clenches his stomach, makes his eyes burn.
Tony argues mentally, but he doesn’t feel confident enough to bet. Some things you just don’t risk.
He’s unprepared by how Steve stares straight at him. “Maybe,” he says, and his mouth curls into something that, if Tony didn’t know better, he’d call
And then there was the call for a diplomatic conference with the representatives of a bunch of planets, and Earth had to show up, and so did the Avengers. And the people organizing it were the Sovereign, who, according to Quill, didn’t take kindly to being lied to. They were the most stuck up people in the galaxy, and took pride in feeling better than other races, so they were, as Quill put it, easily offended.
is crying.”
All of Ross’ men are laying on the floor, some knocked out, others tied up, waiting for the arrival of the CIA agents who are supposed to clean this mess up. And what a mess it is – Ross had apparently taken chasing Steve’s team to the levels of obsession he previously reserved for chasing the Hulk, to the point where Ross was unhappy with even the idea that they could get a pardon through a diplomatic negotiation. He had decided to take matters on his own hands, and Tony can only imagine the paperwork that’s gonna come out of this.
. It’s… unbearably, excruciatingly long, and Steve misses most of it staring at the back of Tony’s head, counting the seconds until he can step out of his spot and go to him.
“I’m fine,” he said instead.
Then again, he would be just as mad if he was telling the truth.
— “Yes, darling. I’d love to.”
It was the only reason he'd talked to Stark in the first place. After the third time he found the cat wandering around, Steve had marched to the apartment and nearly slammed down the door, ready to rip his neighbor a new one, because if you chose to have a pet, then you'd better be responsible and
“Indeed it does,” Howard agrees. He’s astonished by the lack of an irreverent reply; Tony has never lost one opportunity to be snippy with him.
Now they’re on the same couch, bodies lax and full of carbs, and sitting pretty close to each other already, although Tony does take advantage of any opportunity to slip a little closer. They’re watching as Steve scrolls through a series of images on his phone, all historical pictures or paintings with a photoshopped, photobombing squirrel.
“Ah! Nothing like the taste of a future hangover,” Tony boasts, but there’s still something a little robotic about the way he says it. His eyes jump around the room before turning to Steve and gesturing towards his glass. “Come on, Cap, that’s not gonna drink itself.”
“Uh. Yeah, we—we were really lucky.” Tony risked a glance on Steve’s direction, but Steve wasn’t looking at him – he was staring at Ayesha like he was preparing to go to battle.
The other one seemed insulted by his diplomacy. “This is a public space! It isn’t proper for anyone to be—”
Tony chews and swallows, his eyes snapping towards Steve’s, who is at a loss. Tony’s hand rests on the table behind them and he leans over it, his posture nonchalant.
Tony – would react to this flirtation, but he doesn’t want to risk upsetting him, even by accident. So he avoids Stark, turning towards Tony instead.
“Ask away.”
laugh out of Steve. He grins wide and hard, their noses touching. “Oh, yeah.” He takes a breath before continuing. “This life you made up, this life you think you can’t have—you’re gonna wake up and we’re gonna make it happen, both of us, together.”
He dreams of Steve. That’s not new – he’s been dreaming of Steve since he fell from a wormhole and woke up blinded by a smile and blue eyes looking at him as if he was worth looking at – but this time it’s different. Tony won’t be able to remember exactly what was the dream when he wakes up, but he will remember the franticness of it, the desperation – as if something terrible is about to happen, as if they’re running out of
The wedding is terrible.
reckless, really, even for Tony’s standards.
, he thought, at a danger of feeling his eyes burning again. It had barely been a week since Tony had last touched him, and he didn’t even know he had missed it so much.
Or, to be more precise,
“You’re having more fun than me,” Steve finally manages, because it seems like a reasonable thing to say. Tony’s eyes widen as if he’s said something outrageous, and Steve hurries to add, “Uh, you and Nat were giving quite the show.”
Tony steps forward, tilting his head at the Tony by the door.
Of course, Tony hasn’t.
Steve flushed. He looked away, then cleared his throat. “What I was supposed to,” he said, like that answered everything.
,” he says, pressing smacking kisses to the curve of Steve’s neck. “You’re so sensitive, I knew it.” He pulls away for a moment, facing Steve, his eyes pitch-dark as he takes a sharp breath: “And I’m gonna make you feel
Stark hesitates, his lips pressed together. He looks at Steve as if his offer is dangerous – as if the entirety of him is. Steve frowns.
Then again, clearly, neither of them had a knack for making things easier, Tony supposed.)
,” Steve said. “Of course I don’t want to do this. I’m—I’m
“And in the meantime, what will you do? Sleep in the hallway?” Stark asked. Sobriety made his voice sound warmer, Steve noticed. There was no trace of the sharp sarcasm he could have sometimes, when he was slurring out words. “You should rest. I… I have a quite comfortable couch, you know.”
“I will see him tomorrow,” Howard declares, half-distracted by the wine goblet and the way its gold reflects the lights of the chandelier. “Send word for him to meet me after dinner.”
Steve smiles, blinding. “Yeah? That’s—that’s nice.”
Steve to be angry, wanted Steve to feel even a fraction of the rage and pain he was feeling – wanted to yell at him, to punch his face, to burst his precious Barnes’ head open. Stoic, righteous Steve, trying to stop Tony, trying to sound all rational and reasonable after keeping the truth from him for years, as if the death of his parents was nothing, as if
“Why?” He asks instead, his brow furrowing.
, I don’t know – and I understood a few things.”
There was a man following him.
They hadn’t thought of locking the door, but normally, there would be no reason to. Aside from the rare interruption from their teammates, there was no danger of them being surprised in Tony’s penthouse – the security was top notch. Even on the off-chance someone managed to sneak inside, FRIDAY would have detected any intruder immediately and sounded the alarms.
“Easy,” Tony whispers, taking his hands to Steve’s shoulders, and starting a small, subtle sway. “Follow my lead.”
creepy?” Steve’s voice raised a little at the last word. “Don’t—don’t you live in Manhattan? Why are you just hanging out around my building for days on end?”
“Uh, yes, you do,” Tony counters, throwing one naked leg over Steve’s waist. Steve has this weird thing where he kind of makes Tony want to be an octopus, just so he could have eight arms touching him at all times. “Now shut your pretty mouth and go back to sleep.”
Steve clenches his jaw. He has the distinct feeling Stark is eyeing him from his back, and that makes his skin prickle and his erection grow even more solid against the fabric of his underwear. “Stop that,” he chastises, searching Tony’s face for a reaction. Tony isn’t the jealous type, which Steve appreciates, because he enjoys the fact that Tony trusts him. He doesn’t react well to people blatantly flirting with Steve right under his nose, though. It makes him angry, and, sometimes, it makes him feel insecure – and, while the former can be unsettlingly arousing at times, the second isn’t a situation Steve is fond of. “Come on, I’ll meet you later,” he says, eager to get Tony out of a potentially uncomfortable scenario.
He opens the door and comes inside, Steve following soon after. The suite is roomy and fancy, not unlike Steve’s own, but Steve is oblivious to any details of the decoration, blood roaring on his ears.
“Right,” he says, quickly. “Right, yes, definitely. Me and Nat.” He takes his hands to his pockets, and Steve instantly misses the tapping sound. “Giving quite the show, yeah, I think—I’d say that’s accurate. That’s, hm,” he rocks on the same spot, and Steve feels a frantic energy coming from him, though he doesn’t have the faintest idea why. “That’s a thing people do at weddings, right?”
“Well.” Stark scratched his goatee. “How do I explain it?” His voice sounded casual, but hesitant. Steve got the feeling that Stark was very pleased by how well he had been taking everything so far, and whatever was going to be said next needed to be done delicately in order to keep things running smoothly. “Okay, first things first—fate is a lie,” he said bluntly. “The people upstairs – they can’t control what goes on down here, not really. But they can… well,
“Do I?”
“He’s
Steve froze, his back going rigid under Tony’s touch. He stayed quiet for a moment that seemed to take an entire eternity to pass, then said, almost in a whisper: “Okay.”
“I wish you had told me,” Tony interrupted. The words felt heavy, too much and yet too little. In the end, though, that was what it all came down to—the anger, the bitterness, the pain. “I really wish you had. I get it, though. I… hate it, but I get it. And—if I think too deeply I get angry again, maybe I always will, but—” He was rambling, but he needed to get it out. “It isn’t really about that. Sounds… sounds crazy, but it isn’t.”
“And you still haven’t seen anything yet,” Tony continues, his hands going slowly to Steve’s hips, sliding over to his ass. “When he’s on his knees—let me tell you,” he gropes Steve’s buttocks firmly, spreading them a little, “he’s pretty
No response. The warmth in Tony’s chest curled and spread.
“In the kitchen?” Steve asks, and Tony can’t detect what his tone means. “When Ms. Potts called you?”
Now that the confusion of opening his eyes is over, Steve remembers everything so clearly. How Tony had touched him and forgave him and kissed him. He had said it was real, but dreams always seem real up until the moment you wake up.
So Tony can understand why Steve could be feeling a little hesitant about diving into a relationship with another man. Steve is already having to adjust to so much, being in a different century – it makes sense, then, that having to adjust to actually being able to live his sexuality in practical terms would be something he’d delegate to a second plan.
Steve opened the gate rapidly, choosing not to pause to think about the fact that he could be potentially letting a stalker into his home. It wasn’t like Stark could physically overpower him, and, besides, at the moment, Steve was really just eager to get both of them and the innocent dog out of the rain.
lucky. That whole farce was insane, and it could go south in a heartbeat. All the time, Tony had been distracted by small, meaningless things – the feel and warmth of Steve’s hand in his, the faint scent he could catch from Steve’s shampoo when he leaned closer – when he really should have been seeing this for what it was: a very, very risky mission. The Sovereign were just as dangerous as they were ridiculous, and there he had been, losing sleep just by listening to Steve’s breath in their suite after the lights went off. Geez, what was his problem?
“And I’m fine doing it,” Steve completes. Then he adds, “I
,” Tony argued. Steve shook his head, moving towards the door, and, in an impulse, Tony reached for his shoulder, grasping it. “Look, just—stay, okay? It’s, it’s fine.”
as their mouths parted with what surely were some gross smacking noises, and Tony found himself neglecting small details such as the danger they were in or the air they needed to breathe, in order to chase Steve’s mouth again, again, and again.
Steve does. Tony makes all his moves deliberate, slow, guiding him through every single one.
“After you dethrone the king?” Howard asks. He means for it to sound mocking, disbelieving, but Rogers gaze never wavers, and he gives him a single nod in response.
Which is why, when it stops, Tony is aware he has no right to miss it. He’s leaving the team, after all, and, having just come out the Ultron disaster, the last thing he and Steve need is another reason to be tense around each other.
They dance. It’s comforting, the warmth of Peggy’s body next to his. Steve loves her, then – loves her in the same easy, simple way he loved before going in the ice; in the same way he loved when he fetched water for her seventy years later because she started coughing. Steve loves her with the love that filled him with the determination and strength on the many times where he felt as if he had none. Steve loves her with the same love that let him carry her casket.
stupid.”
Ayesha called them to follow her, and Tony turned, his hand trembling on Steve’s waist, his heart feeling tight in his chest with thoughts of Steve’s tears and Steve’s tongue. Maybe he was too obvious, and he couldn’t avoid that conversation forever, but at least he could try to evade it for a little longer. He’d take that.
with Steve. Sure, in the past, people had flirted with him, sometimes, fascinated by the idea of seducing Captain America. It never amounted to anything, though, because Steve never knew how to take it further. His flirting skills were something the serum never managed to enhance. The closest he ever got to an actual fling had been with Sharon, when adrenaline and gratitude resulted in one kiss that never managed to evolve to anything meaningful, cut short by Steve’s time on the run. After that, obviously, dating was the furthest thing from his mind.
he doesn’t, but even the thought is inebriating, and so is the way Steve leans into the kiss, how he doesn’t seem to mind Tony’s pulling him into an awkward position, how he doesn’t seem to mind anything as long as Tony is kissing him.
”--he gestured vaguely, Steve guessed, to whatever forces were in control of life and death--“had a system in place to keep me from being mean to their buddy. So, every time me and Dummy don’t see eye to eye…”
Steve took a deep breath, closing his eyes, and considered his question. His body was, against all odds, actually relaxing against the bed, and he could feel his eyelids getting a little heavier, the exhaustion of a terrible night finally hitting him.
Admittedly, he and Tony don’t have anything planned. They texted after Carol and Valkyrie’s wedding, but their conversations remained mundane and casual, never veering into personal ground. Still, when he had gotten Bucky’s official invitation, he couldn’t lie to himself: there was a rush, an immediate thrill of anticipation that had nothing to do with the idea of his two best friends getting hitched.
“Not more than anyone else, I’m afraid,” Stark quips, now eyeing Tony’s reactor. His hand hovers over it. “Is that what you’ve got? Heart problems?”
Sam and Bucky’s only comment was “Frodo is a better name than Monet,” so, all things considered, it went pretty smoothly.
interested in his conversation with Steve – which, to be fair, probably exuded a strong “couple fight” energy. “I never thought you’d forgive me. I thought—I
Steve, who arrives after a moment or two, not sweaty despise working out, because dreams don’t always have to make sense, and especially not when you feel you’re about to wake up.
It can’t work, because he won’t be able to keep this up, he just wants Steve to wake up and
Tony gave her a strained smile, hoping to make up for Steve’s obvious discomfort. “It looks delicious,” he said, and, bizarrely, it wasn’t even a lie.
Steve nodded, slowly. “What happened to the company? After… After he tried to kill you?”
“What if I want it?” he asks, and—and it’s seriously scary, how that single question is enough to make air return to Tony’s lungs, to shake him back to semi-solid ground when he previously felt like he was falling down an abyss. It’s terrifying, what Steve does to him.
At the top of the staircase, Tony sees him on the couch, and yeah, he’s laughing. Not politely chuckling or awkwardly forcing a laugh, mind you, but actually, genuinely having a belly laugh, complete with a pink flush all over his face, his eyes turning into tiny blue streaks as he wipes them with back of his hand, catching his breath.
A few moments afterwards, he receives a lengthy message of Steve saying he just found the cat in the picture had died, but she had apparently lived a long and happy life and so he hoped Tony wouldn’t be sad by finding this out.
One of the Sovereign opened their mouth to give what Tony imagined would be a furious reply, but the other one jumped it first. “We didn’t mean to… interrupt,” he said, very solemnly, as if they had walked in the middle of a serious business meeting.
“Then we know he’s an imposter,” Tony says, his voice soft as he raises a hand to gently brush back a lock of Steve’s hair. Then his smile grows, almost predatory. “If he’s me, there’s no way he’d ever refuse the chance to have you.”
“Trust me, Captain,” Howard replies, nonchalant. “If you marry my son, you’ll be drinking me off the table in a month.”
He proceeds to show some of his favorite posts. Tony’s seen them all, either from following the account or from random dog memes Rhodey sends him sometimes, but he plays along,
Steve swallowed. It’d be ridiculous, it’d be
– he doesn’t. He wants to cling to this last piece of dignity, at least.
“Have you asked?” Steve questions. Stark finally caves to his pulling, lying down by his side. The solidness of his shape is a welcome feel, and Steve finds himself enveloped by them both, covered by a wave of pleasant warmth. His eyes start to feel heavy.
. He looked handsome then, as he does now, but still the difference in setting coils up Steve’s insides, makes something warm and gooey flood his chest.
He says Tony unlike any other word he’s said until this point. A softness slips through every letter, a touch of wonder in both syllables. For one second, the name of Howard’s son sounds foreign to his own ears.
“I do, in fact,” the man replied, his hand reaching into his pocket to pull out a cellphone which was clearly the lastest model. “Here.” He ran his thumb over the screen and typed something, turning the phone to Steve.
And he pulls Steve closer and kisses him.
“Okay,” Tony said, even though it was not okay at all. He was worried, and he was nervous, and he was
And, before Steve can answer, he leaves with fast strides.
Steve nodded, but seemed unsure. He pulled Tony towards him, putting himself between him and the elevator. His eyes were bright, too bright to stare at, for Tony’s sanity. He focused on watching the elevator display behind Steve instead, where an upwards arrow shined.
Steve raises his eyebrows. The question is odd, but, like with everything related to Tony, he doesn’t understand it enough to pinpoint why. He’s a little overwhelmed by being the focus of Tony’s attention so abruptly after months of distance, as if he’s been ambushed by a miniature hurricane, but he desperately wants it to last. He searches for words, but finds none—he can’t figure out anything he can say to make Tony stay closer for longer.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve said. His head was still spinning, but now, staring at Stark and vaguely conscious that Dummy had started roaming across the room in what appeared to be a victory lap, he couldn’t help but smile. “Are you two hungry?”
“For everything. For leaving. For… for not being honest with you.” Steve shifts. His face heats. This isn’t easy, even now that he knows Tony’s feelings. He isn’t sure it will ever be. He just knows he desperately wants to do it anyway. “I thought… I never thought you’d want anything more, and, even if you did, you… You could do so much better than me.”
, he wants to ask, as Tony pulls merely an inch away, his breath still warming Steve’s lips. But he also never wants to speak again – never wants to use his mouth to do anything that isn’t kissing Tony, feeling the scratchy brush of Tony’s goatee against his chin.
The wedding is unlike anything Steve’s ever seen. Neither of them are wearing bridal gowns. Valkyrie is in armor, and Carol has on a fitted, red suit Steve suspects might have been Tony’s suggestion. It’s less of a ceremony and more of an incredibly cheerful party in the Asgardian ship, orbiting around Earth. Booze is passed around everywhere, and although there are no waiters, there’s a huge table with food that never seems to run out.
As Tony starts undoing the buttons of Steve’s shirt, the air feels short, unable to fill Steve’s desperate lungs. Instead of the blinding desire of before, his arousal builds in a crescendo, following every movement of Tony’s fingers, every flicker of his eyes over newly revealed skin. His stomach clutches at the thought of being exposed, but above all is the
So Tony was just trying to relieve the tension. Steve would disagree, because of course he would, but at the end of the day, it was the truth. And—look, Steve might never get it, might think it’s the most annoying thing in the world, but Tony just had to handle things with quips, that was just how he was wired. Joke after joke after joke followed by the occasional genuinely mean snide comment, that was just how he survived life’s struggles. And Steve Rogers back on his team, talking to him, looking at him – that was maybe one of the greatest struggles Tony ever faced, Mad Titan included.
,” Steve said, and she went back to chewing, not seeming fully convinced.
Tony resisted for about thirty seconds before he sighed, cursed his life, walked towards his former nemesis turned somewhat friend turned secret crush, now in dog form, and picked him up in his arms.
criminals for not allowing him to use it.”
Howard draws in a deep breath. “You will marry Captain Rogers.” His eyes snap towards Tony’s face. “The ceremony will be performed after the final battle, of course, but you are now promised to each other, and you are free to accompany him in his expedition, provided, of course, that you keep a distance from the battlefield and remain… proper.”
“I suppose I should start experimenting, then.”
why is he saying that, and his hands are on Tony’s face again and Tony can’t find the presence to answer, all he hears is
“Natasha knew. And it pissed me off, it did, but it was
Steve’s next words were swallowed by Tony’s lips. Which, yeah, it was far from the smoothest kiss of Tony’s life – their noses bumped awkwardly at Tony’s quick advance, and Steve stumbled backwards a little, and Tony kind of had to throw his arms around his neck to stop both of them from falling.
Tony seemed to digest the information.
Tony presses his lips together.
“And I’m certain he’s just dying to receive them,” Tony says with an eyeroll. “Oh, yeah, Nick Fury, losing his sleep over whether or not someone is following protocols. Checking his e-mail over and over…”
“Right. You are
discuss strategies. The morning and afternoon were incredibly busy, full of different meetings and presentations, so Tony and Steve didn’t have to do more than stand next to each other, smile a lot, and hold hands on occasion.
“Madam?” A weak voice called. Tony jumped, startled – Ayesha’s guards. To be honest, he had completely forgotten they were there. “What are we supposed to do?”
“No problem,” he muffles against Steve’s hair.
Steve shuddered as he inhaled, his body starting to catch up to his newfound consciousness. He was shivering, a drop of cold sweat crossing his temple, and amidst it all he still found it within himself to feel ashamed, because apparently running away from his own apartment wasn’t
Steve blinked, only now processing what Stark was trying to say.
Steve looks at the bouquet again, just to check that he isn’t, in fact, delusional and isn’t dreaming up his boyfriend showing up at his apartment at almost 1.a.m. while it’s pouring outside, and also when said boyfriend was supposed to be in Hong Kong. “You’re holding them.”
Steve shook his head, trying to focus on the living room instead. Stark’s apartment was roomier than his, decorated with extravagant art pieces that hurt Steve’s eyeballs. There was cat hair everywhere, a testament to his lack of cleaning skills.
“Yeah.” Tony wasn’t sure why, but his instincts were not going great, and he didn’t like the idea of Ayesha bringing the focus to Steve. Tony could feel the clenching muscles of Steve’s hand under his, and he ran his thumb over his knuckles without thinking, trying to provide some security he couldn’t actually give. “He’s an old man.”
“Oh, please,” she countered. “Maybe on Earth people are stupid enough to fall for your blatant façade, Mr. Stark, but you’ll find that higher beings aren’t so easy to trick.”
The comment is too silly for Steve not to chuckle. “Yeah?” he asks, cut off by a sigh as Tony’s hand grabs his ass tightly, fingers slipping inwards, finding the rim of Steve’s entrance. “I’m—
Tony’s face fills with challenge.
His fingers scrape Steve’s neck, shivers following his touch. Steve can smell the delicious, woody spice Tony’s cologne. His knees feel weak.
God, he wants to see Steve again.
Especially because – well. Steve is the type of sweet that quickly becomes dangerous, because it gets addictive. He’s clumsy and alternates between seeming a little shy to being overly enthusiastic, kissing him open mouthed and blushing like a schoolboy afterwards, but this somehow works in his favor, because he keeps Tony intrigued in a way very few people can do.
Steve takes a moment to answer. Tension builds up in his muscles, his back stiff even against the soft bed. “Yeah,” he finally grunts, because it’s true. He slept better than he had in months.
“It’s
Steve couldn’t help but grin. Still, he needed to lay down, and that required some more awkward maneuvering if he didn’t want to accidentally push the dogs off. He tried to shift as slowly as possible, but Tony immediately reacted when he started moving, his paws reaching up in an attempt to touch Steve’s face.
It was only after he worded the question that Steve remembered the obvious: he was the only person in the park.
Howard, in a reflex, tells Jarvis to send him away. He comes back the next day, though, with the same question.
“They thought I was dead,” he said instead, and although he knew he shouldn’t, saying it felt good, as if a weight was being removed from his back. “In—In Iraq. They—they thought I couldn’t have survived. My whole unit—”
,” Tony says, and it’s half truth, half lie, entirely too complicated to be either of those things.
Though blonde and peculiarly blue-eyed, Steve looked like any other adorable, stubborn Corgi throwing a fit against his owner in the middle of a walk. Only Tony was aware of the dog’s true identity.
He ruminates on what Jarvis said. Only now does it dawn on him that he still doesn’t know what Tony thinks of Rogers’ proposal. However, he muses, tapping his leg against the table nervously as he waits, that’s not high on the list of concerns. Gods know Tony isn’t selective about his partners – Howard doubts there’s anything about Rogers that Tony would consider a deal breaker of any sort.
Tony’s estimates are rarely wrong.
Finally, Anakin and Lola arrived. Lola settled on the empty space between Steve’s body and the couch, her face planted over Steve’s armpit; and Anakin found room closer to Steve’s head, resting his snout on Steve’s shoulder.
Meeting the alien species
as he clumsily pulls off Tony’s jacket;
Tony’s face twists as if Howard has punched him. “You’re lying.” He holds Howard’s stare. “Stop lying and tell me. How did it go? What did he say?”
Tony asks:
Guilt bubbled in Steve’s stomach. “It’s okay,” he said, because God knew he was being enough of a burden without anyone worrying about the effects of his newly re-acquired hideous posture. “You’ve both been working a lot.”
“Why do aliens keep coming? Can’t they just stay away?”
Tony ignored him, pulling his phone from his pocket, pressing a few buttons on the screen. “I suppose it’s a regular back ache, so there’s really nothing to prescribe other than an analgesic. If you were going to stay like this in the long term, the obvious suggestion would be physical therapy, but by all accounts, you should be back to physical perfection soon, so it’s a little pointless.”
“It is,” he says. Tony’s grin widens, his laugh lines showing, and Steve has a strong urge to touch them somehow. He grips the table behind him instead, not sure of what to say to keep the conversation going. “Can I, uh,” he stutters as Tony lifts his gaze at him. “Can I see your notes?”
“Oh?” Steve raises an eyebrow, looking at their joined hands. The corner of his lips turns upwards in an affectionate half-smile, as if he’s amused by what he definitely seems to think is just confusion born of Tony’s lack of sleep. “You always take it off when handling dangerous substances, remember? It’s probably just somewhere on your worktable.”
Hot anger boils in Howard’s stomach. “You might enjoy mixing up with all sorts of people, Tony,” he spits, his voice dripping with disdain, leaving no doubt as to what class of mixing he’s referring to. “But I’m a busy man, and I can’t bring myself to learn the names of every poor bastard who makes sure the horses don’t eat themselves to death.”
“Sounds like you’re having fun,” Bruce says, and that’s the understatement of the year, because Steve looks downright delighted. He struggles to catch his breath, still grinning helplessly as he looks away from his phone.
“Thank you,” Tony replied, because faking nonchalance was a good way to not let his own growing anxiety show. He noticed he had frozen mid-motion of putting food on his plate, and he hurried to finish it.
, and he looks up and notices the way Steve is looking at him. It’s an even bigger shock when their mouths crash together, Tony’s body roaring to life in a manner he frankly hadn’t imagined would happen with Mr. Capsicle, of all people.
It’s James Barnes.
Moments after the transformation, Steve had been running around, sticking his nose in every single dangerous corner of Tony’s lab, and they had all decided maybe a walk would be best for him. Since he had barked loudly every time anyone else tried to put the leash on him, that task had fallen onto Tony’s shoulders.
Composing himself, Steve squared his shoulders and took a step forward, facing Stark head on. “I think you should leave.”
Tony doesn’t say anything. His lower lip shakes.
Tony’s jaw clenches. “No, actually, I’ve solved it. Cap is just taking a nap, taking advantage of the opportunity to get some beauty sleep.”
The last words seem to suck all air out of the room. Howard straightens his posture, forgetting for a moment his discomfort with the throne’s cushion. “They have gotten all the weapons we sent them, have they not?”
“Well, you know me.” Tony sounds breathless, the corners of his lips quirking up as he speaks. “I’m always up for a risk.”
“It happened a week ago, sir. I believe you were quite sleep deprived, but it was still a very clear command.”
“You can sit up or lie down, your pick.”
And he could have days, months, years or decades. But all of this could be worthless, for what he knows. He has this one thing – his life – to offer, but he has no way of knowing if it would be accepted, if it would be welcomed at all.
“Was there ever something between you and Steve?”
“Actually, we don’t,” Tony replied cheerfully. Steve’s hand was big and heavy on his arm, and the last thing Tony needed was to think of how warm it also was, and how he was going to miss holding it when this was all over. “Things tend to go exponentially better when we don’t.”
(Sam is acting strange, later that evening, when he and Steve share a cab back to the compound. He pointedly avoid Steve’s questions about Bucky, and when Steve finishes talking, he asks, “What about Tony?” As Steve frowns, he adds: “Did anything… happen?”
But Steve knew. He knew what he saw, what he heard. He shouldn’t have been having this dream, not anymore, but he did, and he had woken up in a jolt, trembling, desperate to get away, to
“What about the other one?” Steve insisted. “Is he also yours?”
Steve picked him up, unable to not grin as the dog’s tongue hung out of his mouth and he nested with ease into Steve’s arms.
It’s a memory of Maria’s laugh – she had quite the inconvenient laugh, too loud for a lady, and although she was usually clever enough to conceal it, it tended to break free after a few drinks. Her laugh mixed with alcohol in her breath, and it tasted like the type of foolish, reckless happiness only the drunks have.
It’s not a
deliberately. “A group tried to kidnap me in Afghanistan. Keyword being:
“Nope,” Tony replied, popping the last syllable with a deliberate casualness that just looked, well, very deliberate. He twirled on his chair, looking at Steve. “He asked me to do your checkup today.”
Then Stark parts his lips, head tilting to fit their mouths together, and the kiss grows deeper, though never losing its slow, steady rhythm.
“What the hell?” He asks.
“I can’t go to my bedroom,” Tony says. Rhodey, because he loves him, doesn’t ask why.
Tony knows he’s not getting anywhere with those scrambled thoughts, but they’re inescapable, so it’s almost a relief when he finally dozes off, sleep winning the battle against his anxiety.
a date either—Steve had said he was hungry, and Tony had asked if he wanted to get dinner, but then Steve said “sure, there’s pasta in the fridge”, and they had ended up eating in the living room, plates full of large portions of heated up pasta from lunch (which, against all odds, tasted really good).
Instead Steve’s eyes widened, and his mouth opened and closed, and his jaw clenched again, and he looked like Tony had just tried to kill
It’s not—it’s not an
“Yeah,” Steve says. He pulls Stark closer, shifting until Stark’s head is on his chest. Steve runs his fingers over his short, dark hair, and Stark’s eyes flutter closed.
It does work with sex, though. And—oh yeah,
“Shhh. Let me keep going. I have a point here, I promise. Let me recap: We suck at talking to each other. We fought, and we hurt each other, and in this life you dreamed up, nothing of that ever happened, because if it did, you couldn’t make yourself believe you deserved this.”
“Not a habit,” Tony replied. He was feeling similarly breathless, as if the blue of Steve’s eyes was stealing the air right out of his lungs. “But it could turn into one. If, you know. If it sounds like. A good idea.”
“That’s one way of putting it,” Tony says, and his voice, casual with the tiniest hint of possessiveness, sends a shiver down Steve’s spine. He crosses his arms in front of his chest, and Steve is a little grateful that he hadn’t been able to take Tony’s shirt off yet, because the last thing he needs in this situation is the sight of Tony’s naked torso. “So, me—Tony—should I call you Tony?”
There was an unbearably long silence, before Tony’s voice betrayed him. “I know,” he said, faint but certain. “I… I do know that.”
“I’m sorry this is so late,” Steve whispers when they pull apart to breathe, but Tony hurries to stop him, pressing a peck to those gorgeous lips.
“Have a good sleep,” he says. There’s a spark of something else, frailer, almost insecure, in his voice, that tugs Tony’s heartstrings before smashing them altogether. “I love you.”
The momentary pain washed away, and Tony could only look ahead, eyes fixated on Steve’s solid form. He looked smaller, seen from there. In a different life, if they were different people, Tony could have easily fit beside him, on the couch – and he could, he noticed, fit well at Steve’s back, knees on the back of his thighs, arm thrown over his waist, face buried between his shoulder blades. He could, and for a moment, yearn swamped over him, so strong it was hard not to give in to the insane impulse.
Steve frowns. Tony’s head is too low for his taste.
When Tony received Natasha’s call, he—well, he thought she was wrong, for starters. Natasha’s track record stands against that, of course, but Tony just couldn’t help but think what she’s saying – Steve being attacked, Steve being kidnapped, Steve not answering any communications – just didn’t jive well with reality. It couldn’t happen. It just couldn’t.
Steve’s smile grows. “I missed you, too,” he says. Then, he leans over the counter and takes Tony’s drink out of his hand. “But this was your last glass.”
Stark adds a third finger, and it occurs to Steve they’re playing with him, going slow against his eagerness. The thought melts him, and he feels boneless, like he’s floating as they both use him as they please. Steve clenches his ass, wanting to swallow Stark’s fingers, tightens his lips around Tony’s cock making an obscene sucking noise, and still wants more, more Tony, everywhere,
“Okay. How are your lungs doing?”
This wasn’t Steve flustered or nervous because his acting sucked. This was Steve’s tension in Cap mode – Steve’s tension when he felt there was danger in the air.
Howard just stares after him, speechless. For a moment, the wine tastes bitter in his mouth.
For a moment, Howard wonders if he should knock. He and Tony don’t actually fight very often – they don’t spend nearly enough time together for that. Perhaps he could attempt to reach out, to ask what is he working on...
Tony started walking towards the couch. He had no idea what the hell he was going to do, he just knew he needed Steve to
Sam ended up being the one who flew him back to the quinjet, where he was sent straight to medical while the others surveyed the rest of the ship.
Steve takes a sharp breath, half relieved and half bothered by Tony turning his back to him. “No, thank you.”
“He’s—oh, come on, it’s not…”
Steve makes a strange face, which Tony guesses is his disapproval increasing, and then leans back, standing up.
? Tony thinks, before he realizes that this is such a standard, basic, couple situation. It sounds almost comically normal, compared to the reality of his and Steve’s lives. He wonders if part of Steve craves that, this simple, uncomplicated domesticity.
When he finishes picking the room and the bathroom apart, Tony sits on the bed, trying to get his thoughts in order.
Steve frowned. “I read the paper every morning.”
means, because he doesn’t think he can actually explain it if asked.
Which makes Steve realize that, even though they looked nothing alike, even though it didn’t make any
“Right,” he says, and then sneezes. Steve goes back to the task of taking off his blazer. “But I’m here. I managed to get Pepper to let me go earlier.” He tilts his head, eyeing Steve with something that seems both expectant and a little nervous. “I know I’m a little late, but it’s not tomorrow before you fall asleep, and I really wanted to be here for our anniversary.”
He and Tony hadn’t seen each other, after Steve left the room in Wakanda. They had, however, talked more than they used to. Tony texted him, just a week afterwards, a picture of a cat wearing a Captain America-themed costume. Steve had been weirded out, because he was certain he hadn’t licensed anything of the sort – he told that to Tony, who asked,
. Tony isn’t sure if Steve hears them all, but it’s okay. He doesn’t have to.
, years ago, when they started out this thing without words, which, at surface level, made sense, because words would have made it real.
“I will make you a thousand new electrodes if you get these off me right now.”
“Well,” Tony drawls, his gaze going from the bed to where Steve, and, uh,
The day went by as it usually did - which meant, of course, that it was pure torture.
Then Tony raised his eyes. “I could maybe give you a back rub?” Since Steve didn’t immediately reply, he continued: “It’s a pretty effective way to alleviate the pain. And I know how to do it – I used to do it on Pepper, like, all the time. Gained some experience.”
, as Bruce put it, the when mattered, because SHIELD couldn’t take any chances he’d plan an OP he might not be able to put in practice when they needed him to.
His eyes had sparkled when he proclaimed this. It was, in his words, “absolutely brilliant.”
Tony gives him a light, tender pat on his face. “See you later.” As Steve backs away, Tony blows him a silent kiss, because—well, because he looked really cute in the tiny chair and Tony just can’t help it. Steve smiles, before turning away in the direction of the door.
“No,” Tony answers, entirely too fast, from the look on Steve’s face. “I just need to… clear my thoughts a little.” It’s not even a lie, but Steve’s blue eyes find his and Tony feels strangely guilty anyway.
“Anyway, yeah, that’s it. I—that’s what I wanted to say.” He nods multiple times, a little more than frantically. “Thanks for listening.”
“This will be fast.” Tony props himself up by his elbows to let Rhodey place electrodes behind his neck. “He’s gonna take one look at me and go ‘Uh, sorry, isn’t this supposed to be my happy place?’”
Tony takes a deep breath. He tries to enjoy this moment of advantage as much as he can, but it’s hard. Every muscle in his body is clenching at Barnes’ presence, and he can feel his breaths getting shorter, even as he fights to keep control of them.
For his part, Steve isn’t doing too bad either. He spends most of the time in an interesting discussion with General Okoye about training routines, taking mental notes of a few tips. Then, Rhodes, seemingly in a moment of bravery, whisks her away for a dance.
“Yes, my Lord. The Captain said it was… a different matter.”
“Hey, hey, relax,” Tony said. Steve ignored him, fighting to break free of his arms. “Come on, Cap, let me at least take off your leash.”
There must be something in Steve’s eyes, too – something more than what his words say, something brighter and warmer that’s almost blinding as he stares at Tony, something that makes Tony confident enough to lean forward and press a kiss on the top of Steve’s head.
“No,” he whispers when he feels Steve moving, because this is one of those mornings where they’re tangled up together. Having fallen asleep with his head on Steve’s chest, now Tony’s face is kind of on Steve’s shoulder, which, really, he’s not complaining. It’s still Steve. “Stop that.”
“Take better care of him next time,” Steve said, severe. He considered asking what Stark was even doing there in the first place, but at the end of the day, it was none of his business. Maybe Stark was visiting a friend who lived around there, and the supposed following had been just a coincidence. Besides, Steve had more important things to worry about. “What about the other one? I didn’t see pictures of you with him.”
“Oh, please, don’t hurry because of me,” Stark interjects. For someone who has just been transported to a different universe, he doesn’t sound wary in the least, and suddenly it occurs to Steve he might not be fully sober. “I can wait outside. Take as much time as you want – hurrying can be fun, but it’s not really my thing, personally.”
Stark opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, Steve saw the tiny Pomeranian strapped to his chest, in a papoose.
As Obadiah starts listing the latest shipments coming from the port, Howard feels the beginning of a headache prickling up his neck. It’s an unbearably hot evening, and even the servant girl fanning him does little to combat the heat. The velvet cushion of the throne sticks to his skin uncomfortably.
“You really wish to know? Fine,” Howard says, distantly hearing his voice grow louder. “He dreams of walking you through the flowery fields of the mountains while a bard plays the harp.”
Immediately, the bed shifts as a large frame leans back onto it. “Oh,” Steve whispers—
Steve pauses for a moment and then smiles, as if Tony’s suggestion is actually a great idea. “Okay,” he says.
“I should be going now,” Howard declares, raising himself from the chair. On the doorstep, he stops and turns to look at Tony one last time as he speaks: “I’m telling you the truth, Tony. You should be grateful.”
He uncrosses his arms, clasping his hands behind his back instead. He gazes over at the display of Steve’s vitals, just to have something else to look at.
“You want this,” he says, slowly. “I’m giving it to you. Why question it?”
“I missed you,” Tony says, and that, that comes out easily, even if it seems like Steve barely registers it, taken over by the despair of the realization. Tony holds his chin, gently pushes his face towards him. “God, I missed you so much.”
Barnes’ walk turns into a light jog, but as he catches a better look at Tony’s expression, he slows down and frowns.
“Send him a message,” he orders Jarvis. “Tell him to meet me for dinner.”
It took a while for Steve to notice, because, when walking four dogs, it’s hard to pay much attention to the people around you. He only realized when he went out by himself to get milk from the grocery store and saw, on his way back, a man walking behind him – not too close, but not too far, either, and discretely but clearly following Steve home.
,” Quill complains, but he leaves, jogging as if the wedding’s stereo is its most important element.
“After it’s all over. Yes.”
And there it is, Tony thinks, spotting it with a wave of overwhelming fondness. The freckle. Right beneath Steve’s eyebrow, so tiny it’s almost invisible. A part of Steve he didn’t know before.
Steve comes back when it’s starting to get dark, and he knocks on the door of the bedroom.
“When you told me,” Tony completes, because, yeah. There it is.
Or maybe he’ll walk outside to an empty Tower and an invitation to a Barnes-Rogers wedding on his desk.
“What?” he stammers. For a moment, Howard feels honestly sorry for him.
The first one can be forgiven, in case the rebels are suppressed, especially with Zola needing allies in the aftermath of an insurrection. The second one can’t.
It takes barely a few strokes of Stark’s hand for Steve to come. His body quivers and trembles, his vision momentarily washed over in white light. He feels as if he climbs and explodes, floating down afterwards in a light, slow motion, as if carried by the wind.
He’s just grabbed what looks like a salmon roll but smells a lot more delicious when a voice says behind him: “Glad to see you’ve found your designated spot.”
Tony whispers, nestling closer to him.
all over his senses. “I. You. You have a freckle.”
Truth be told, he had forgotten Tony was there. One could hardly fault him for that – Tony was never present in meetings about their economic affairs, even though, according to his duty as the lord’s son, he should be.
Tony feels torn between throwing up and giving a hysterical laugh. He takes the box, instead.
,” Stark said, seeming disbelieving. “He’s not yours. It’s just… just a dog.”
“Do you?” Tony’s voice shakes with barely disguised hope.
“Right,” Steve said, with a strained smile. “I suppose we can jump ahead.”
“Yeah,” he muttered, and, although he kept his eyes closed, in his mind he could see Stark’s smile. It oddly made him want to smile back, and his mouth curled a little against his common sense.
“Hey,” he says, trying to pull Tony slightly, to get him to turn around. Tony resists, both because he’s a coward who can’t handle looking at Steve right now, and because he feels like a coward for asking this in the first place. In a way, it feels invasive, like he’s poking inside Steve’s mind as he’d poke an engine, trying to find out some part that would make everything around them make sense.
“Right,” Tony interrupted. He was, slowly and with very long breaths, regaining some presence of mind. “We’re very, very sorry. We… got a little carried away.” He winked, laying a hand on Steve’s waist.
Rogers arrives a few hours later. When Howard enters the throne room to see him, he barely recognizes the man he saw a few nights ago. Rogers’ face is flushed and there’s a barely contained smile on his lips. The man looks downright
was giving off those dangerous vibes from their little gathering.
. Tony had spent so much time with him, the last few months. He had touched him and smiled at him and kissed him, and now Steve was too afraid to face him, too afraid to make him realize he most likely wouldn’t want to do any of these things as long as Steve was like this.
Steve paused for a moment. “I don’t know,” he admitted.
Besides, at least no one is crying.
Tony feels the sleek, hard surface of the reactor against his knuckles, only then realizing he’s clutching his chest. He shuts his eyes, drawing a longer breath.
There’s so much more Tony wants to ask. So much he wants to say, to throw on the table. In a way, he realizes, he wants to
what it looks like, but I promise I don’t have a shrine of you in my closet, okay?” Steve widened his eyes at him, but he continued, speaking rapidly: “I—fine, I was following you. But not in like, a creepy way or anything.”
“That’s an excellent idea,” Tony says, his hand now on Steve’s bicep, moving up and down in a comforting gesture. “Anything else you think we should do?”
He turned slowly to place his legs over the table. Tony helped him turn over, and Steve noticed the way his eyes traced the front of his body, studying his exposed chest. He hurried to lie on his belly, even if Tony eyeing his back wasn’t much better.
“Tony, just take it,” Steve says, frowning with disapproval that Tony would have the gall to ignore the always so polite Ms. Potts, and, you know what, Tony hates him too. Him and his stupid kissable lips, just sitting there, merely a few inches away and yet apparently perpetually out of reach.
When Vision and Wanda kiss, Wanda’s red sparks turn into spirals around them, and they both float, rising a few feet above the audience. The excitement is contagious. Steve finds himself grinning hard as he claps and listen to Sam and Bucky whistling by his side.
Barnes raises his eyebrows, and then he smiles playfully. “Cap?” He asks, but Tony barely registers it. “Someone’s in trouble.”
“No,” Steve says. “I get it.” And he really, really does. They’ve been too close to something like this to take it lightly. “Coming inside, having to play it up for the reporters, it was… very strange. I know it’s hard to not think about... things we don’t want to remember. But this is a happy night.” The corner of his lips twirls upwards in a small smile. “We need to be good guests and not forget about that.”
“I… don’t know?” Tony said, sounding perplexed by the question. “I mean, we’d probably need to get you a new wardrobe, in the first place. Not that you don’t look cute walking around in shirts that could swallow you or anything, but it would hardly be practical in the long term.” His voice travelled to Steve’s chest, sweet but clueless, completely unaware of the thought that had been frightening him for so long. As if it was unthinkable. “And, uh, I guess JARVIS would need some upgrades to take into account when ordering food, to watch for your dietary restrictions. And—I don’t know, what else would you need?” he mused, and Steve could see his face clearly in his mind, his tongue sticking out as whenever he thought of something new, his bright, clever eyes already filled with ideas. “Oh, yeah, of course—physical therapy for your back, probably.”
. He—He floats?” Steve took a step closer, and the Pomeranian leaned in and touched his cheek with his tiny, cold nose. “How?”
He stared ahead. Stark was wearing a dark red robe that didn’t seem fit for anything other than going to bed, at least in Steve’s opinion. Though, God knew Stark wasn’t a stranger to going out in inappropriate or revealing clothes, so maybe he
“So,” Tony says, after a few moments. His fingers tap the table. “I take it that stuffing your face is your way of enjoying the party, then?”
Tony almost laughed. “
“You’re incorrigible.” Steve sighed as Lola blinked her big dark eyes at him.
“Okay.” Tony punctuates his statement with a long, deep kiss, and Steve feels himself relaxing, his body welcoming the weight of Tony over him.
“…with profuse thanks for the accommodations,” Obie’s voice echoes on the room, his low, monotone reading turned into a more solemn sound that it has any right to be, considering the dullness of the subject. “Lady Maryam hopes you’ll join her for dinner tonight.”
, possibly after a soothing bath – I can reconsider the possibility.” He tilts his head and plants a kiss on the side of Steve’s jaw, closing his eyes. “Now, sleep, okay?”
Steve smiles, knowing full well Stark isn’t thinking of him.
“This,” Rogers says, solemn and certain as a priest asked about the Gods’ existences. “Will not happen.”
He missed Stark’s eyes, and the touch of his hand on his hair.
So he had run his mouth. Of course he had. He shouldn’t have said anything, should’ve just apologized and went back to bed, but Steve was
“Tell you what,” Tony says, eventually, his hand coming up to Steve’s shoulder. His grip isn’t tight, but it still sends a shiver down Steve’s spine. “I’m getting into the physics of it right now, so we should probably get you a drink for this.”
Steve is clinging to his hand, now. He’s nervous, Tony knows, and he’s not the only one.
Steve blinks. The sound of loud thunder roars outside, but he doesn’t jolt, too focused on the image in front of him to be startled by the noise.
Tony forces himself to sit down, taking sharp breaths. Now is not the time to be thinking about that, not with Steve’s life on the line. He forces himself to focus on the life signs, on the line of the steady beat of Steve’s heart. This is what matters now – to keep Steve alive, to bring him back. There’s nothing Tony wouldn’t do to make that happen.
Time passes, and Steve loves the way Tony looks at the world, how his eyes sparkle with interest at the tiniest things. He loves the way Tony’s mind works, how he will never understand it.
“Hey, everyone,” he says, and some of the kids break out of their trance, grinning. Tony finds Steve’s eyes, worried that he’s going to be upset Tony is stealing his scene, but there’s clear relief written on his face, so he keeps going. “So, guess what—world-saving emergency.” He raises his eyebrows in an exaggerated warn, and by now all the children are fully awake. Nothing like the threat of mortal danger to kill the spectrum of a five-year-old’s boredom. “Cap is needed to fight some aliens.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Like?”
He feels Steve’s arms coming to his waist and pulling him against him, before he rolls both of them over on the bed.
Tony walked towards the middle of the suite. A big couch sat at the center, in front of an empty wall where holograms of “
Tony ran a hand over his face. The spell would be over by the end of the day, Thor assured them. Steve would be back to his usual annoying, infuriating, perfect self in a couple of hours. Right now, though, he was a puppy, and, apparently, one who had picked Tony to look after him, for unknown reasons.
. “What did you say to her?”
Steve shrugged with one shoulder. “It’s no different from you with cats.” He lowered his hand to scratch the dog’s chin. “What’s his name?”
Steve’s mouth did feel dry, but he decided he could stand it. “No,” he said. Then, he forced himself to mutter, “Thanks.”
Stark didn’t move. Instead, he studied Steve with those impossible to read blue eyes of his.
The door opens, interrupting Quill’s chatter, and Rocket’s head shows up to say there’s a problem with the sound system.
Sleeping inside the dream machine doesn’t work like sleeping in real life. For Tony, it’s almost as if time passes by immediately as soon as he closes his eyes – or, more accurately, he imagines, as soon as Steve does. Either way, when he sees sunlight creeping between the curtains of the bedroom’s window, he doesn’t feel any more rested.
Jarvis arrives with the wine bottle, freezing and shining with small drops of sweat. Howard swallows at the sight. Just one drink, he thinks. Just one drink and it’ll all be good.
It’s as pathetic as it is inevitable. He blinks himself awake and he sees Tony right beside him, body curled up and eyes closed, and the rest of the room might as well just stop existing.
as if it was a dirty word, “How does this apply to a relationship like yours?”
Steve’s first thought is:
As everyone around him cheers, though, reality dawns on him, and he forces himself out of his fighting stance. Now that he looks at it, through the window on the other side of the room, the lights and colors exploding on the dark sheet of space aren’t really
“You. Uh,” Steve stutters, blinking rapidly, as if he’s waking up from a trance. “You should, uh. Take that.”
Steve was still frozen in place. Tony sighed, fondness flooding his chest.
From the moment Steve suits up, he knows what he’ll do.
But Tony is a changed man. He knows he needs to be patient, to let Steve take this at his own pace. Hurrying things has the potential to ruin everything, and that’s the last thing Tony wants.
Tony cuts himself off with a groan when Steve clenches around him, his wrist flicking, making a corkscrew motion on Steve’s shaft, then moving up to his head. When he increases the speed, he presses a wet, open-mouthed kiss to Steve’s collarbone, sucking a bruise as he keeps whispering, his words growing more and more impossible to discern as Steve’s pleasure builds, culminating when he can hear the broken note in Tony’s voice as he whispers,
of the damn thing.
(The memory has him, out of control, and Steve suddenly feels the weight of a small, triangular shape; pressed onto his hand with anger and bitterness. He can’t speak, blinking too fast, his eyes burning. He lacks the voice to ask:
First of all, it’s too quiet. Usually, by now, the kids are very excited about story time, which means they interrupt the story constantly, asking questions and making weird, random commentary. So, the quietness from the room they’re in, interrupted only by a sole low, monotone sound Tony assumes is his husband’s voice, is an immediate concern.
“He likes the lilies,” Steve said, gesturing to the (obviously) fake copy of the painting he had hanging on one wall. By “likes,” he was referring to the fact that Monet had stared at it rather thoughtfully for
He hurried to climb up, his muscles stiff as he lay down on the mattress. His body sank, but Steve found that it wasn’t too soft, which was a bit of a relief.
Steve turns. Tony seems focused on the truffles, however, picking one up and looking at it as if it intrigues him somehow. “Dark chocolate, huh? Who’d know,” he says, almost to himself, before throwing the truffle inside his mouth.
“Wh—what the…” Steve started. The dog yapped as if in response, and he did a pirouette. “How is he—How is he doing this?”
“That’s a weird time to get modest, you know,” Tony continued. Steve’s stomach felt tied up on itself, in a painful knot of anxiety. “I’ve seen a lot from you now, so that ship has kind of sailed, buddy.”
Steve didn’t bulge. “Do you have anything that can prove he’s yours?” The man just stared at him, as if Steve’s question was absurd. “A picture? Anything?”
Next to him, Tony is a lot quicker, undoing each button on his shirt with efficient, fast fingers. When he’s done, he pulls it off his shoulders and tosses it aside carelessly. Steve’s mouth goes dry at the sight of his solid, tanned chest, tinged by the faint blue glow of the arc reactor.
“Is he chipped?”
“Baby,” Tony says eventually, clutching Steve’s hair so tight it nearly hurts. “I think I might—”
was likely regretting it as well, only now realizing how out of place Steve would look amongit.
A slower song starts playing, and he risks a glance at the dance floor. Sam and Bucky are dancing – they seem oblivious to everyone else around them, whispering to each other what Steve is pretty sure must be snarky comments. There’s nothing snarky about their smiles, though, and Steve’s own mouth curls a little.
Deep down, Tony would regret the anger, and that, more than anything, would sting – not thinking of how much Steve didn’t trust him, but of how Tony had proven him right.
Tony wants to touch him.
“What did you say to him?” He asks finally, panting.
Tony bites his lower lip so hard it almost draws blood. “Yeah?”
He looked up to check the man’s face, as if it had somehow changed in the time they were there, and, yes – the resemblance was uncanny, but Steve had a hard time understanding what the hell a multi billionaire like Tony Stark would be doing in a dog park in Steve’s neighborhood (or, oh yeah,
“Wow. Is this where you tell me you are quitting the Air Force to pursue your true passion as a historian of sexual customs?”
“I’ll fill them for you later,” he bullshits blatantly, and the sleepy haze isn’t enough to keep Steve from raising a dubious eyebrow at him. “Okay, FRIDAY will.” Steve keeps staring, squinting his eyes in a way that’s desperately cute, which is what pushes Tony to full-blown insanity. “Fine, we’ll fill them together.”
Steve frowned. “Why?”
For a moment, Tony didn’t say anything. Steve’s face burned, heat concentrating dangerously in his vision. He blinked rapidly to avoid any further humiliation.
“Maybe you should play with us to get revenge,” Lila suggests, clearly not one for subtlety.
He kind of gets their point.
“Hey,” he starts, exceedingly casual. “Was it too hard for you to handle us together? You know, after Siberia?”
“Definitely,” he agrees. “But we made a deal, Cap, remember? You meet the orphanage, and I’ll meet the shelter. Ball’s in your court now.”
Besides, Stark was right. He
Howard spends the day with the thought in the back of his head, regardless of what he’s doing. When dinner time arrives, Jarvis informs him, as he sets the table, that he has heard whispers the Captain of the rebels is undercover inside the city, at a cheap hotel, by himself. Howard nearly chokes on his drink.
“Not yet,” he says. “But it will be.”
His worktable is in the corner of the room, next to the small forge. A faint smell of charcoal makes Howard’s nostrils itch. His stomach twists as he approaches the table and sees the pieces of parchment paper. His notes are illegible; the work of an overly excited drunk, and just looking at them makes Howard yearn for a glass of beer.
Steve’s eyes widen, shocked to suddenly be the center of attention. Now that they know he’s going to go away, all the children are, of course, incredibly interested in him.
Tony laughs, his smile bright, eyes crinkling. The collar of his crisp, white shirt contrasts with his tanned skin. He is the most beautiful person Steve’s ever seen, period.
“You don’t carry dogs into the rain. His fur will get wet and he might catch a cold,” Steve said. The Pomeranian, however, was strangely dry, his fur sticking out from the papoose in a cute way.
In his voice, it even sounds true.
Tony jumps, unable to mask his immediate, visceral reaction of horror. The only moments he’s seen this man in the past two years were in nightmares that ended up with him waking up sweating cold, the sound of his mother’s last breath echoing in his ears.
Howard’s mouth curls in disapproval, but Tony doesn’t seem to notice, marching to the table and staring at him with wide, surprised eyes. He’s out of control, asking about a dozen of different questions at once. Just his voice is enough to make Howard’s headache start pounding again.
Steve kisses him, too eager to not be clumsy, and, again, tells him the truth:
Stark is the one who breaks it, pulling away with a light smacking sound, his dark blue eyes staring at Steve with something he can’t exactly name. Desire, certainly, but also an element of sadness, longing, as though Steve isn’t right in front of him.
He takes Steve’s hand to his mouth, turning and pressing a kiss at his palm.
Still, he didn’t want Tony touching his body – not
And then it does.
Steve clenched his fists.
The wedding is the most colorful, cheerful event Steve has been to in years. He’s pretty sure it’s not actually the main ceremony - this one, he’d bet, took place in private, without outside guests. This, Steve guesses, is a party meant more for the public than for the engaged couple – though they seem to be enjoying themselves well enough.
“You made that very clear.” Steve’s voice is light, and Tony feels his lips pressing a kiss against the back of his neck, a wave of shivers following the tiny touch. “Still. I don’t think it could ever have been different.” His hands travel up and down, in steady, comforting lines over Tony’s chest and stomach. “I can’t imagine not falling in love with you.”
“I’m surprised you let me in,” Rhodey comments, in that casually annoyed voice he gets when he wants to fight Tony on something, but doesn’t have the energy to do it.
Stark is clearly not one to back away from a challenge. “That’s kind of you to offer, darling.” He lets go of the buttons and opens his arms in a clear invitation.
No matter the reality, she still knows him too well.
Steve gritted his teeth. “Just leave it.”
Steve would reply, and they’d talk, and it’d be… nice. Sometimes it would result in Steve looking a little silly, grinning at his phone.
“Why?” He repeats instead, as if he doesn’t understand the question. Then, to Howard’s surprise, a flush climbs up on his cheeks, his mouth curling in a smile that seems to be carefully controlled in order to not be too bright. “I imagine that for the same reasons anyone marries, sir.”
, yes. Steve. Good.
“Didn’t mean to wake you up,” Steve whispers, hand caressing Tony’s hair, and Tony doesn’t get it, because, honestly, he’s totally okay with being woken up with kisses. In fact, if Steve keeps them on the area including his forehead and the top of his head, Tony is pretty sure he can easily drift back to sleep again, and he’ll probably have nice dreams. “Sorry.”
,” he purrs, and Steve swallows hard, raising his hips more. Stark laughs, palming his ass. “So eager, darling.” He drags his fingers over Steve’s buttock, finding the band of his underwear and pulling it.
Tony took a sharp breath. He shouldn’t—Steve wouldn’t want him to say anything, for fuck’s sake. In a way, he was invading Steve’s privacy, by listening in to this, and he had no right to even try to—
“There was an explosion,” he said. His memory of it was fuzzy, twisting and growing distorted under the enveloping, overwhelming memory of the after.
with his eyes, but Steve didn’t see. He didn’t look at him.
The compound is empty, it seems, but there’s signs of a lived in space – a loaded dish washer, a wrinkly blanket on the couch, misplaced books and tablets. If he’s honest, it doesn’t seem that different from what he saw the few times he visited, when it was inhabited.
Then he puts it right back where he found, to resist the temptation of smelling it.
“I didn’t know who you were,” Stark continued as if Steve hadn’t said anything. “All I knew was that there was a clear image of your face in my mind, like a picture. And you weren’t alone.”
to address all the shit that happened between them in some way, and he wanted to see Steve’s reaction, wanted to see what he would say.
Tony gives a short nod, but his eyes never waver. “Can’t dance,” he says, slowly. “I know.” Then, in a second, before Steve can even process it, his hand is at his neck, fingers touching the nape of his hair. “In that case,” Tony whispers, his voice a purr, tantalizing, his lips so close to Steve’s he can feel the brush of his warm breath. “Why don’t we do something else, hm?”
talk to each other about anything.
“You should take him to the lab. I’ll get dressed and meet you there.”
“Clint’s got Ross in the other room,” Natasha says. “He’s not being very talkative, but that’ll definitely change when the CIA gets here. For what it’s worth, we think Steve was supposed to work as a test subject. I think Ross only wanted to neutralize him, but whoever he partnered with had other ideas, possibly of applying the device to others. They had your research on nanotech as a first step, and then if they wanted to expand, to be able to control other people… I imagine the logic was that if it worked on a supersoldier, it would work on anyone.”
He looks around, taking in the details. He’s gotta hand it to the Stone Industries – it doesn’t feel like a fantasy in the slightest. In fact, it feels like he’s just woken up, and whatever he saw before was the dream.
“Uh,” Steve hesitates, distracted by the light, warm pressure of Tony’s hand. “A beer.”
finger.
Tony sighed, pinching his nose.
Tony wonders again. Being in Steve’s dream is like getting constant curve balls thrown at him – just when he feels like he’s gotten a grip on the frontier between dream and reality, Steve says something that messes everything up in his head.
Steve widened his eyes. “No,” he replied harshly, so blunt that Stark seemed taken aback, which somehow prompted him to add, a little lighter, “There’s no need.”
And what he can do ― which is, definitely, not what he
, he was going to say, but how fair was that, really? How long had Steve expected her to wait for a dead man? “She moved on.”
You know what I’m talking about,” Rhodey says, a little desperate. “You’re too…” He presses his lips together, and Tony clenches his fingers around the gauntlet. They’re veering onto dangerous terrain, never before acknowledged. “You’re too… invested.”
Tony tries to be patient. He tries to be understanding, and most of the time, he thinks he manages to. He watches Steve laugh at something on his phone - Steve has this dorky laugh that shakes his entire body and flushes his cheeks - and he thinks he can wait, this is enough for now. But then sometimes Steve bends over to pick up something he dropped, and all Tony can think about is how much he wants to stick his dick in that ass so hard, whoever manages to pull him out will be the next King Arthur. It just... happens.
Stark’s cat ignored him, sliding under his legs to peek at Steve behind Stark’s calf. He seemed to want to move closer, but Stark stayed firm, a barrier between him and the door.
“I was going to,” Stark’s voice sounded a little strident, and he spoke so fast it was hard to make out what he was really saying. “I really was, because again, I didn’t think it was true—didn’t
This time, when they’re in Steve’s bedroom, Tony works him up with his tongue, getting Steve wet and aching and begging before sliding inside him, whispering about how wonderful he feels with every thrust.
“You… Remember what?”
Tony, much more awake, shifts his body so he can lay his arm over Steve’s waist and pull him closer. Steve complies immediately, all soft and dazed, and Tony presses a kiss on his cheek, his hand going to the back of Steve’s neck.
be close, what is up with that? – but tragically, Steve pulls away, and after a few seconds of waiting Tony realizes he
Then he wants Steve to hold him, as he certainly would. He wants Steve to run those gentle hands over his back, pull him closer, hug him. He wants to let Steve take care of him, to hear him whispering words of love in his ears. He wants to whisper back. He wants this to be it, just like he wanted when they fell asleep in bed, last night. He wants this to be real.
There’s no other way of putting it now: In this dream world, he and Steve are married, have
“Steve,” Tony interrupts him, and he hates what’s he about to say as much as he knows it needs to be said. “We’re not married.”
The worst part about this theory is that, even though there’s no material evidence to support it (and Jarvis is vehemently against it), it has a tendency to spiral so much in Tony’s head it becomes almost credible. Maybe Steve just sees him as a friend. Maybe he wasn’t sure of how to turn Tony down, at first, worrying about what that would do to the team, and now he’s almost stuck in this situation, having to deal with Tony constantly. Maybe the reason he tenses up anytime Tony makes an attempt to lay his arm over his shoulders or to lean a little closer is because he doesn’t want to touch Tony at all, but doesn’t know how to let him down gently. Maybe, maybe, maybe.
“Come on,” Tony insists, “it’s Saturday. You already wake up at a ridiculous time every day during the week, I think just one time won’t hurt.”
No one seemed to fully understand the extent of Steve’s frustration. A few moments after he was transformed, he was kneeling on the ground, struggling to catch a breath with his new-
(When Steve wakes up, Tony is sitting up right next to him on the bed, having already woken up, with his phone in his hands.
Rogers comes again, next morning.
“I am being serious. Nothing says ‘happy couple’ more than being inappropriate in public. Besides, hey, better me than her, right?” He raised one eyebrow, not willing to let Steve reply. “Maybe we should try nicknames. You’ll be ‘sugar plum’, and I’ll be—”
. He wishes his grief and fury hadn’t blinded him to the need to armor himself to not let the wrong things come out. His stomach clenches and his chest tightens when he thinks of lying there on the hard ground, watching as Steve turned his back on him as he held onto Barnes, as Tony yelled at him like a rejected child.
Something that Howard can’t quite understand flashes in Rogers’ eyes. “As far as I’m aware, he is your only son, my Lord.”
Tony thinks:
He doesn’t really know where he’s going with this. He only knows there’s a pulsing urge in his chest to try to make sense of everything he’s seen so far. He wants to ask
Maybe it isn’t the right thing to say, but Steve doesn’t mind, because the bright smile Tony gives him in return is worth making a fool of himself for. “Don’t mention it.” As Steve turns, he hears him adding, “See you later, Steve.”
“I don’t have a pet!” Stark all but yelled. His hand reached forward and grabbed Steve’s wrist, as if preemptively stopping him from running away. “It’s me, okay?”
“I guess I was wondering if you ever… You know, if you ever regret it. Or—or if you think, I don’t know, that it could’ve been different. Somehow.”
“Stop,” Tony whispered, and he knew his breath must have tingled Steve’s (soft, so, so soft) lips, from the way he felt Steve’s body shivering. “Just. Stop saying words.” their noses brushed again as he spoke, and Tony found he didn’t mind, not even a little. Steve had a great nose. “Don’t say anything ever again.”
(Tony knows, because if Steve had ever looked at him like that, Tony would have probably deserted all his responsibilities and beliefs and joined the Rogues on the run. He probably would’ve ignored the U.N. and the government and
It’s only then that he notices Tony’s choice of drink. “You—uh, you’ve weakened yours. Uh, your drinking game, I mean,” he says, and it’s a weak joke, but Tony grins anyway, easy and bright. He’s
“Not late at all,” he whispers back, grinning and leaning in again to taste Steve’s smile. “You’re just in time,” he says before their lips touch, feeling giddy. Because, really, when he thinks about it, now he gets to start dating Steve twice.
” Steve whines, and Tony presses a biting kiss on his neck that turns the whine into a loud moan. Steve’s hands go to Tony’s back, feeling his hard muscles slick with sweat, and Tony rolls his hips forward again, and Steve is suddenly terrified of losing it right then and there. “Tony, I’m gonna—”
, tilt his head and…
That wasn’t it.
“No, really. What if he got into this because he was too polite to turn me down, and now he doesn’t know what to do? Or, what if he changed his mind?”
“I did manage to catch the ceremony, though,” he continues. “Incredibly sweet, all the way down to T’Challa’s stutter, but I gotta say, my favorite part?” He leans closer to Steve, conspiratory, and points upwards, to the ceiling. “Whatever the hell is going on with this sound system. It sounds exactly the same in every single spot of the hall, but, according to FRIDAY”--he fishes his phone out of his pocket, shaking it in Steve’s direction--“it’s coming from a single source. Which is bizarre, because this floor is made of wood. It should have terrible acoustics. Still, the sound is perfect. It’s amazing.”
“Will you just stay quiet? Can’t a man confess his love without you interrupting every five seconds?”
That’s the first thing he feels – a strong headache, going from the back of his neck to the top of his head, as if someone’s been pulling his hair for hours.
The sharpness in his voice – the ironic
The drinks come quickly. Instead of waiting for Steve to take his, Tony picks both of them up and hands Steve his beer, as if he’s bought it for him.
display of all the qualities Tony could never have. That, combined with resentment from his dad’s stories and Steve’s own poor first impression of him, had resulted in absolute disaster, but now being around Steve is far from a hardship. And it’s not just something Tony wants, either. It’s good for him. It makes him want to be better. Sometimes – when Steve gives him that small smile and looks at him with those bright eyes shining with something that makes Tony feel like floating – it makes him feel like he
“What the hell?” Steve asked. An even louder thunder was his response, and the dog squirmed on Stark’s chest. “Oh, God, he’s going to get
Tony sinks, breathless, over Steve’s body - and he looks so gorgeous, flushed and disheveled.
Tony takes a sharp breath, focusing on his own hands. Not looking at Steve makes it slightly easier. “It’s just… Don’t get me wrong, I’m okay with taking things slow. Totally okay. But I just, I was wondering a little about… exactly how slow you want to take this.” He pauses, for a second, but the silence terrifies him, so maybe he should just keep talking. “Like, the other day in the kitchen – you just… froze, and, shit, wait, I didn’t mean—that wasn’t a joke or anything, I swear. Uh, anyway, the point is, I guess it would help if you gave me some pointers. About… about what you’re not comfortable with, or anything.”
Tony never gets tired of, but he immediately takes a hold of himself, schooling his expression into something less tempted. “I promised Fury I’d send them to him by noon.”
“I had a talk with Barnes today.”
“A… negotiation? What, like…” Steve’s voice trailed off, and the knowledge of a lifetime of watching horror movies with Bucky and Sam finally caught up to him. “Are you saying you sold your soul or something? To... to come back?”
“’Morning,” Steve says, with a yawn. He turns to lie on his back and stretches his body. His sleeping t-shirt rides up a little, and Tony, who is by no means a religious man, thanks whatever deity might be listening that he can’t see the peek of Steve’s rear that those low-hanging sweatpants definitely don’t manage to hide.
Steve licked his ear with sloppy, enthusiastic strokes.
“I just wanted to make sure you weren’t getting any wrong thoughts.” Steve sounds a little hesitant too, as if he’s also feeling the tension. “You’ve never said anything like that before, and the last thing I want is for you to doubt us.” His voice grows firmer as his words come out, as Tony’s chest grows tighter. “We can talk about this, if you want. We can talk about anything.”
He wonders if Steve was able to tell – if he was able to understand, truly, how much that
Besides, Tony thinks, walking towards the door with large, nervous steps, no one said the fantasy had to make sense. Dreams rarely do. Maybe he’s about to walk outside to Steve being happily married to a young Peggy Carter, even in the future.
It’s—well. It’s a vision, to be blunt.
Tony’s kisses taste even better with his laughter mixed in the middle.
“Supernatural?” Stark supplied. “Yeah, I see what you mean. Though honestly,” his lips curled in another smile that somehow seemed more reluctant, “it doesn’t take long with you to figure out something is up.”
Tony would deny it to his final breath, but he’s shaking as he approaches Steve’s body, so unbearably still in that fucking chair, and starts undoing his restraints. “We’ll fucking see about that.”
“I.” He took a breath, a little shaken, and Tony could see his hands on his sides clenching. “You really think I…”
“I could,” Steve says, after a while. He’s giving him an exit to finish this conversation, but Tony doesn’t want it.
As soon as he finishes speaking, he leans closer, and, unlike Tony, barely has to raise his head to kiss Steve. Contrary to Steve’s expectations, the kiss begins fairly chaste, Stark’s lips barely moving against his own. The contact with his mouth is still electric, though – it’s been ages since Steve has kissed anyone other than Tony, and the thought that he both is and
They had enough to worry about as it was, or at least Tony had. He had to be in love with Steve while simultaneously
He smiled reluctantly. Maybe he should push it away, but, just for now, the contact was comforting.
Steve holds his stare.
“What are you talking about, Stark?”
In his absence, an incredibly uncomfortable silence grows. Steve feels heat prickling his neck, and he can’t help but risk a glance at Tony, who’s staring straight at him. His eyes find Steve’s, bright and challenging.
race in the galaxy to lie to, even if they didn’t even mean to tell a lie in the first place. Just Tony’s luck.
“Knock off with the sour face,” Bucky lands a hand on his shoulder. “It’s a party. Look alive.”
(Tony’s nightmares had proven to him, though, that he would never have been able to kill Steve. Barnes, sure – he could’ve taken him out on that uncontrollable anger, even if he would have regretted it later. But Steve? Even the thought makes Tony wake up sweating cold and shaking, unable to go back to sleep.)
Tony’s tension immediately vanished, replaced by sheer incredulity. “She
“Hey,” he says, still a little jumpy. He wants to think of a way to ask about Steve without being too suspicious – though he guesses he can’t alert dream-Sam like he can Steve, but, honestly, he’s not taking any chances. He sits next to him, then fakes interest in his bowl. “Do we have any cereal left?”
Steve’s frown vanishes, but it’s replaced by something a lot worse: surprise, and then a clear, raw disappointment that he does his best to mask. His posture deflates, his hand going to the back of his neck, rubbing it.
“Thank you, Tony. I… To be honest, I don’t remember the last time I had that much fun, in this time.” And he looked a little embarrassed, a little awkward, but still… almost
They’re close now, face to face. For a young man, Tony is a little on the short side. It’s a trait he inherited from Howard himself – it’s one of the few things Howard can’t fault him for being.
And then he leans closer again, tilting his head to press a kiss to Tony’s temple.
that wicked, evil inner voice whispers, relentless.
Time passes.
“Again,” Stark said, but he was smiling now. “
Tony swallows, as if he’s recovering, then smiles – his smile is large and apologetic, but so damn gorgeous, Steve can’t even find the words for it. “Sorry,” he says. His hand goes to his own tie, loosening it and pulling it off his collar. He shakes his head, looking at Steve full of wonder. “It’s just… I think you’re the most beautiful person I’ve ever seen naked.”
Steve choose to sat up. It made him feel less exposed, though only marginally.
By the time he’s done, all of them are utterly absorbed, and Tony sees more than one pair of heavy eyes doing that slow blink one does when trying to fight sleepiness. He closes off the night by helping everyone clean up the playroom just as Kevin arrives to get everyone to bed.
“I was so sure it was today,” Tony says in a small voice. “Happy even asked me, because of course, I must have told him the date before, but I
“This.” He gestures vaguely. “Giving me… giving me what I want.” His face flushes slightly at the last words, and there’s a slight glimmer in his eyes. “Why?”
He almost gives up on doing it, more than once. It’s only the exhaustion of his body that keeps him lying on the couch, as opposed to standing up and telling Rhodey to go home. His brain doesn’t get the message that it’s time to rest, so he keeps running through mental calculations, formulas to increase the speed of the nanites so they can find Stone’s nanites in Steve’s bloodstream and somehow turn them off – but would Steve’s veins even be prepared for that kind of chase? And it would need to be gradual, too, otherwise there’s no way of telling how his brain would respond…
, but he had thought they were doing fairly well, until then.
Dinner was strangely comforting. Steve wasn’t really hungry, but Stark was clearly starving, and he devoured the leftovers from Sam’s pasta salad with enviable appetite. When he wasn’t talking and making plans, he was going at the plate like a champ, and Steve found himself grinning at him.
Natasha had said. He turns towards her. She’s typing commands on Ross’ computers, no doubt trying to get all the data she can find.
“Right,” Tony said.
Steve inhaled sharply. There was no way to refuse without seeming too rude, or to make Tony think he really was just avoiding him because he didn’t want anything to do with him anymore.
with someone like this before, and, yeah, there’s no other way of putting it.
When he does look, his smile freezes.
The king-sized bed had caused a moment of silence as soon as they both took notice of it, Tony feeling his face go hot in a way that didn’t fit the planet’s icy temperature. Fortunately, though, the couch was there to save the day.
Tony isn’t oblivious to his look, quirking up an eyebrow and giving Steve a wicked grin as he leans forward and palms his thighs, opening his legs. “Glad to please,” he says with a wink, and Steve lets out a surprised laugh that ends when Tony covers his mouth with a kiss.
Since it’s always unconscious, Tony frequently finds himself only reflecting on it hours later, when the battle is already over and they’re back in the Tower, or in the middle of a debrief. Then he realizes all the moments where he and Steve moved in perfect harmony to take the bad guy of the week down, and he’s always utterly shocked by the fact that, without fail, it happens without any planning or forewarning. He doesn’t remember ever falling
Then, he felt a light pressure on his ankle – the tinier Pomeranian had decided to take a direct approach on his apparent mission to get to Steve’s lap.
A moment of stunned silence follows his question.
Steve’s response is a full body shudder, and in a second Tony’s hands are on his belt, unbuttoning and taking it off with an ability that utterly shames Steve’s flimsy attempts to get rid of his earlier. He opens Steve’s pants with a similar ease.
They don’t
They went back to walking. Steve’s hand was still unbearably warm, but his arm didn’t move as much.
This time, a creaking noise followed the slam of his hand. The pain was good – it kept him grounded, white sparks dissolving the picture of Bucky and Gail, though only temporarily.
Barnes’ eyes widen, a flash of pain in his expression. “Stark—Tony,” he says, his voice very careful. “You… You knew about that. You’ve—you’ve known for years.”
“I think you should go to sleep.” Rhodey’s hand squeezes his shoulder gently. “I think you should take a break, let FRIDAY or me monitor him, and then when you get back, your mind is gonna be clearer, and maybe you’ll have another insight.”
Tony breathes deeply, trying to organize his thoughts before continuing. He feels momentarily wordless, so he just looks at Steve. His teary eyes. His closed fist, on top of his leg. His nose, breathing in and out in an uneven rhythm, nostrils flaring.
This line of thought is pointless and more than a little petty, but there’s some truth to it, and Tony knows. There’s nothing Steve wouldn’t do for Barnes.
He hopes Steve can tell what
Steve looks momentarily hurt, and Tony bites the inside of his cheek. He doesn’t mean to be an asshole, he
“I must say,” Rogers starts, sitting on the opposite end of the large dinner table. “This is quite a change from the last time we’ve spoken.”
“Come on, that’s not true,” Tony replies, a grin on his lips. He leans his head forward, and that’s a talent Tony Stark has, making the impossible seem very easy. “I could—”
Steve hurried to get up from the exam table, but sitting up made his spine ache in protest. He did his best to keep his expression under control. Back then, before the serum, he used to have those pains all the time, a result of his oddly twisted skeleton. He had tried to correct his posture, because God knew he didn’t need to look even shorter than he already was, but all those efforts had been useless.
Dummy stayed firmly over Steve’s thigh. Steve reached over his head to turn the living room’s lamp off. Normally, he didn’t like to sleep on his back, but today he was already resigned to this fate.
“Okay,” Tony says immediately, relaxing the grip on his ass. “Okay,” he repeats, louder. “We should slow down a little.”
Steve stayed silent for a moment, but then he couldn’t help himself anymore: “But I won’t need it, right? I’m—I’m getting back to normal soon.”
Steve frowned, puzzled but relieved, and waited until the stranger’s silhouette disappeared in the distance before going home.
Rogers then presses his mouth in a thin line, and even from the throne, Howard can see how his jaw clenches.
Steve forces himself to smile. “Okay.” He pats Bucky’s back, watching as he turns to find Sam.
“’Course he does. He damn well should, that punk.” Barnes’s smile grows fonder, and then a spark of suspicion crosses his face. “Why are you asking me this? Trouble in paradise?”
Tony snaps at him. His face flushes with despair and rage, tears prickle in his eyes. He’s paralyzed for one moment, then tries to reach for the armor in another, but stops when Steve lands a hand on his arm.
The worst part was: Tony had been legitimately trying to be nice.
Stark’s mouth curled as if he was fighting back a smile. His eyes sparkled with something Steve didn’t understand, and he continued caressing Steve’s hair, his hand descending down the side of Steve’s face to tuck a strand of it behind his ear.
“Nope,” Sam says, after swallowing. “I sent Viz and Wanda to grab some, though. If they don’t get too lovey-dovey in the way, it should arrive soon.”
Now he feels Steve fully awake behind him, his grip growing more urgent on Tony's waist.
He knelt down to pet Steve’s head. Steve leaned into the touch immediately, but, when Tony tried to pull the leash again, he barked in protest, body effectively planting himself in the same spot.
Steve doesn’t say anything, but he also doesn’t push Tony away. He looks so scared.
Tony also crossed his arms, mimicking Steve’s stance. “Really?”
Steve can’t stop staring. They’re close enough to give a wonderful shot to a paparazzi lucky enough to stumble on the scene, but it’s clear from their faces they’re having fun, whispering things to each other and grinning between steps.
between us, and I never had the courage to—”
He spends the rest of the afternoon using dream FRIDAY. He has to give it to Stone Industries: it’s truly amazing tech, keeping an entire universe alive in Steve’s head. He tries to catch up on details of the fantasy he may need in order to talk to Steve without getting caught blindsided. Aside from their marriage (which, apparently, was a very discreet ceremony that wasn’t covered by the media, but Tony refuses to look for photos or videos, for his own sanity), everything seems to be… very normal. The Avengers are all the same, all residing in the Compound. Barnes, Tony is relieved to find out, is not part of the team, but apparently, he visits regularly.
Rogers’ reaction is unexpected. Howard had imagined he’d either answer it immediately or be scared by his bluntness.
It’s the best kiss Tony’s ever gotten. It’s – damnit – the only kiss he wants to get ever again.
“Wow, okay—cyber-stalking much?” Tony replies, which makes Steve’s cheeks grow a little pink, but he doesn’t seem too embarrassed, just a little shy as he opens a small smile. Tony takes the opportunity to nest a little closer.
He let it go, crossing his arms in front of his chest. He kept his eyes staring ahead as the floors lowered, sensing Steve’s silent gaze on him, lips still tingling from the touch of his mouth. He could feel Steve’s body heat, too, could remember those strong arms around his waist.
It’s…
“Is that seriously a surprise to you?” Stark asked. “I mean, you must have known something was off, right?”
Tony nodded as a reflex (it was hard to not nod when Steve pulled that commanding voice, especially because it sent a very strange shiver down Tony’s spine) before taking in Steve’s words. “What?”
That, in Tony’s book, is worth dealing with a non-traditional relationship. He knows. He just… wishes he knew
Tony lets out a short, disbelieving laugh. “You. What else?” He shakes his head. “I don’t think I have had less success in understanding anything else, including the space-time continuum.” He pinches his nose, then clasps his hands together. “Look. Stop me if you’ve heard this one before, but I’m not good at this… thing.”
Steve doesn’t know anything about stereo systems, but the way Tony talks makes it easy to understand. He’s only half paying attention, though, distracted by the way Tony gestures as he talks, by the way his lips curls as he speaks, by how his body is practically leaning on Steve’s side - by how he doesn’t seem to think there’s any reason to not be this close.
“Let’s sit down,” he orders, and Tony goes along, his disappointment still clear in his expression.
Steve smiles as if he’s surprised Tony accepted the idea, and although Tony knows for a fact he spent two years without seeing that smile, he isn’t sure how, at this very moment.
“As you wish, darling.”
“I’m not a pro, but I have a few tricks,” Tony said. “Besides, from what I’ve read, your case is pretty mild. Anyway, nowadays there’s surgery, too, which also can help.”
message, he never mentioned. Tony imagined he must have chalked it up to their initial hostility, which was a totally fair impression in those first few months, where, if Steve had pigtails, Tony would’ve had a hard time taking his hands off them. Either way, he was just grateful the subject never came up.)
The sight knots Steve’s throat. Tony’s heart.
By the time Friday arrived, he was already regretting following Rhodey’s suggestion – what was so great about the MET, anyway? And even if Steve liked it, Tony couldn’t stand art museums, not even the Louvre, so wasn’t this proof of the unavoidable truth that they were ultimately incompatible? It had to be, right? Really, he should just cancel the whole thing and spare them the inevitable misery.
Steve thought about the question. It was hard to tell – most of the time, he found that his back pain tended to morph into a general, enveloping feel of discomfort, accompanied by a burning ache in a few specific areas. He did his best to point these out – unsurprisingly, they veered mostly to the center, between his shoulder blades, down to his coccyx and up to his neck.
The thought hurts like sharp glass inside Steve’s lungs, but it feels wrong to complain, when just the prospect of them being in the same room together once seemed impossible. In light of all they went through, Tony just standing next to him at their friends’ wedding, talking about truffles, seems like a miracle.
“Yes, you would,” he says. Then he sticks his hands in his pockets, rocking awkwardly a little. “I… I should probably…”
.” The way he said it gave Steve shivers. “I know he did. But when I woke up, I didn’t realize at first, what I had just come back from.” His head gave a sharp nod towards the Pomeranian. “Then, the following morning, after everything had apparently been sorted out,
This time, not only does Rogers’ jaw clench, but his hand curls in a fist. “With all due respect, sir,” he says through gritted teeth. “I don’t think this will ever happen.”
Bruce sighs. “I don’t know. Ideally, we’d be able to… prepare him somehow. But that would require getting in contact with him, and I don’t think we…”
Tony tilts his head. “Everything okay?” he asks, and Steve has to fight the urge to grab his tie and shut Tony's mouth with his right then and there, in front of everyone.
When he speaks, his voice is low, soft, almost a whisper: “I’m scared I’m still dreaming.”
Stark had opened the door, the strong smell of alcohol immediately following him, squinting his eyes at Steve as Steve ranted at him furiously. Stark just stared, as if he couldn’t quite make sense of him. Then his gaze lowered to find the cat in Steve’s arms, and his face had brightened in a smile, and he thanked Steve profusely, calling him
Rhodey is probably rolling his eyes in the background.
“Would you give me more of these?”
For a moment he stood there, in silence, and it was legitimately impressive how quiet Steve got in such little notice. As if he stopped breathing.
There’s no mistaking what he’s offering, and for one insane second all Tony wants to do is say
Tony’s mouth opens and then closes very fast.
Or, well – it was
Steve pauses for a moment, considering. The idea of dancing used to brings back images of Peggy. Now, though, those seem like memories of a past life, a missed date and dance that belonged to someone else, a different person.
“Oh, come on,” he sounded frustrated, “get off. No—you’re
Tony. He just… didn’t want to face him. “I guess I was still—adjusting.”
As they get inside the elevator, Tony feels heat prickling from his cheeks down to his neck. A bug, certainly, but how? What misstep in programming the nanites could have caused this?
“Cap?” he asked, exaggerating his hesitance. “Are you awake?”
They stay in silence for a moment. Tony knows Rhodey sees the same thing he does: Steve’s life signs are perfectly normal, as if he really is just taking a very long nap. Not only that, but his heart rate and brain waves indicate peace.
“You don’t—” His expression is shocked. Stark frowns a little, intrigued. Tony gestures to his own chest. “Is your heart—Don’t you have any heart problems?”
Steve looked away. “What do you want?”
On his way out, he meets Steve, who was helping the people from the kitchen clean up the kids’ dishes. As soon as they step out of the house, Tony wastes no time in getting all up in his space.
This time, though.
Steve feels a knot in his throat. Last night had felt like a dream, but now reality is sinking in, and it’s nearly claustrophobic, having Tony so close and knowing he won’t be able to have him again. Memories of his actions flood his thoughts, and he feels himself blushing at the things he’d said, how transparent he was. Just the memory of the pleasure makes his skin prickle, hot at the thought of Tony over him, but...
“Yes?” Steve’s voice is inquiring now, more awake than before.
“Okay,” Tony said. Steve braced for his touch, but, even after a moment, there was nothing. “Uh, Steve? I need you to take your shirt off.”
“I think we should be aiming to get things harder, if you know what I mean,” Tony’s mouth spoke of its own volition, because he couldn’t help it. Steve’s disappointment was always both infuriating and comforting somehow, as if things were where they were supposed to be when Steve was mad at him.
It isn’t, though.
Sam arrives a moment later. Sam - wonderful, kind Sam – sees him and smiles, understand his choice without Steve needing to explain it.
Steve just stared at him as if nothing Tony was saying made sense, and his eyes looked very blue and bright and Tony had to look away, snorting.
Time passes.
The puppy yapped, pleased, and gave quick licks on Steve’s arm with his tiny, pink tongue.
“Just… give me a moment, okay?” He draws in a deep breath before lowering his hand and continuing, “I know you don’t wanna listen to this. Hell, I don’t even want to say it. Ok, that’s a lie, I do. Well, I do and I don’t, it’s complicated, my therapist is really gonna have a field day with this, but—look, hear me out, okay? I just… I just want to understand.”
Then he processes what Steve is actually saying.
Steve stares at him. The proximity makes his cheeks heat a little. The gray suit Tony’s wearing contrasts beautifully with his tanned skin, pulling out a few grains of silver at his temples. Steve’s tongue feels a little heavy in his mouth. “I suppose so.”
“Are you going to just stand there?” he asked after a moment, unable to actually look and face Stark’s eyes. Still, his heart beat steadily in his chest as he heard Stark’s low, surprised chuckle.
The five of them – Steve, Anakin, Lola, Monet and Frodo – were at the dog park, which was unusually empty. Steve let them loose, knowing they’d have more fun being able to roam around. The area was fenced and safe, and Steve sat on a bench watching them. Lola had decided to lie down and bask on the sun, and Monet and Frodo were apparently racing each other, both of their tongues happily hanging from their mouths. Anakin was attempting to catch his own tail.
He also wishes he hadn’t attempted to kill Steve’s best friend, even if he – Steve, not the best friend – probably deserved it.
Steve eventually expands his knowledge of animal memes and pages to include cats, which means Tony starts receiving lots of videos that were, at one point, considered the pinnacle of internet humor, with cats playing piano and sliding over wood floors.
Rogers smiles. “I agree.” He reaches forward and takes his own goblet, filled with wine, and takes to his lips in a modest sip. Howard vaguely thinks he’s only doing it out of politeness. “Have you reached a decision about my request?”
Steve stares at him. Then he blinks, and his mouth falls open, then closes and opens again, like he’s the world’s stupidest, most oblivious, cutest fish. “Oh.”
That is, until it happens again.
“Siberia,” Tony repeats, his voice stronger now. “It was quite a mess back there. I’m not proud of how I’ve acted, but I mean, finding out like that…”
His smile grows at Steve’s stare, those eyes finding his, and—and Steve can’t
“Colonel Rhodes,” Steve said, suddenly remembering. “His face was everywhere.”
Something in the way he says it, combined with the fact that they’re still very close, makes warmth bloom in Steve’s chest, prickling to his neck. Steve wants to ask why he’s telling him this – why did he stop partying to find Steve and share something that he didn’t really need to tell him – but he also doesn’t, because he has a feeling asking will push Tony away, and he doesn’t want Tony to go away.
“I’m not sure.” Howard follows his bite with a sip of milk. It tastes incredibly bland. “There’s a lot to consider.”
, obviously, but… easier. I mean, it’s New York. Many gay couples around.”
“Nothing,” Tony says magnanimously. He can think of several matters, in fact, but to be honest, he can’t deny Steve looks really adorable in the ridiculous, old-fashioned shorts. He looks like an overgrown, obscenely muscular boy scout. Tony both wants to make fun of him and bite him. “I just don’t know why you’re so averse to modern clothing.”
