Tony was still wondering how any of it was possible. Something was going on here and the pieces of the puzzle were all right there, he knew it. He had only to figure out their order.
It hadn’t been real. He told himself. He’d been talking to a damn bird, and if the heat making sweat stick to his skin was anything to go by it was still close and his teammates likely weren’t far.
Thankfully Catman decided to move, releasing him slowly as he climbed to his feet, offering Tony a hand which he largely ignored.
“And they say Captain America never cheats!”
But you know, there’s probably a perfectly logical explanation for this. Numerous ones. The kits in both sets of dreams seemed pretty equally loved by all adults involved, so her appearing to go home with him isn’t actually what is bothering him.
Frigga was smiling tearfully at MiKall as she assured Bastet that she was well pleased by the union, but when it came time for the grooms mother to give his blessing, there was a cold warning not easily missed in Bastet’s stare and the tom’s mother, a waspish looking fel with white striped fur all but bared his teeth before giving his consent.
~*-*~
"Then what did you mean?" Tony asked with gritted teeth and she smiled at him, all fangs.
She’d led them here. This was their best chance, their only chance of getting their parents back and changing the future for the better. Whether she was right or wrong about that her cousins were going to follow her because they were Pride, and she was Queen.  Whether she wanted to be or not.
“I’m interested in
Tony was full on flushed by the time Happy pulled the car into the garage of the tower. Stupid really. You’d think after dealing with these heat flashes for weeks that he’d know the signs by now, but fuck if Tony could tell how he felt about anything anymore.
He's seventeen. He's beside his mother in the car. Anger is burning bright and hot within his chest and he resolutely ignores the dull pain of her betrayal as steadfastly as he ignores her softly spoken attempts to explain how she thinks it's a good thing, that Hughard wants to take his whole life away. Shut him away behind thick abbey walls like the dirty secret he desperately hopes to forget.
“Only if you trust Hansen and Stone aren’t in on it with him,” Clint growled. “You can’t trust Stone Tony.”
Not that it mattered. They weren’t going anywhere. As quickly as she could Natasha had braced the door by pushing a heavy table laden with boxes against it.
"I believe I can shed some light on that Sir," JARVIS, good old JARVIS, interjected saving Tony from his private nightmare. "She's here claiming to have information regarding the attack on the safe house."
Tony knows an under cover gig when he sees one and he doesn't need JARVIS to bring up the visual map of the guy's activity to know that. The guy's tech is too advanced not to be funded by someone very rich and very powerful, but if his backers aren't SHIELD that leaves only a few, far less friendly options.
Ty's mouth stretched in a pained smile.
, way in which this is all proceeding that finally shocks through him like a bracing slap and gives him the strength to pull back and push back, begging for much needed distance.
"Jadakiss Bond would be a kickass name."  T’Cael suggested, popping his head out of the open maintenance panel to be sure that Nyota and the others who were working in the lab heard him over the music.
“Trouble with the in-laws already?”
“You’re unstable, Tony.” Natasha responded lowly, voice strained with fatigue, her eyes searching his with deep concern. “The virus…”
Princess stared directly at him, her vengeful energy pushing against Tony’s mind like a prowling lion and Tony barked a sudden laugh that made Sonia start in her seat.
Tony touched his wrist and made a soft sound in the back of his throat, his scent going sweet in appeasement without much thought as he offered the tom an apologetic smile and murmured, “I know Bruce.”
“Epeja.” Luke answered readily, dark eyes settling on Tony as the fel sniffed at the bowl of orangey looking stew, whiskers twitching. It smelled nice enough.
“Because they’re hunting us here.” Nyota realized, the color draining from her face.
“Yeah,” Steve had answered, the fight draining out of him. What had once filled him with so much pride and a sense of accomplishment now felt hollow. “Still have to do the paperwork, but it’s done. We got the contract.”
"I'm Tony, this is Steve" he extended his hand for both to shake, deciding against code names because he didn't really see a point. His face was recognizable and a picture would say it all anyway. So far he didn't think anyone had recognized either of them and if they had they'd left them alone. That was all Tony could really ask for.
“A deal is a deal your Highness,” Tony quipped, allowing himself a small smile in return. “The slate is wiped clean and I treated you to a good time. Now you’ve got to tell me what I want to know.”
"They can't hear you."
“To truly own something, one has to do more than buy it” the tom murmured in reply, lifting a sterling silver pot and turning it for Tony to see. “This still has the price sticker on the bottom. Admit it, if I stole every last thing in your cupboards you’d never even know.”
It didn’t necessarily mean that Steve wasn’t engaging with the rest of the team (because he participated in all of their shared meals and regularly sat with them on Friday nights) but it did call into question his level of personal investment.
If the guy was offended he didn’t say so, which was just fine with Tony because again, stranger, and Tony had no idea why he’d helped either now or back at the warehouse and what he wanted. He could very well have turned around and decided to take up where Killian had left off.
So the pile of kits who had claimed his stomach and legs as the resting spot of the day were fairly unidentifiable.
Tony laughed out loud. Of course that was the moment Steve and Natasha walked into the kitchen. Natasha arched an eyebrow in question at him. Steve just smiled in greeting and Tony could scent a hint of arousal on him to go with the aura of fondness bleeding off his thoughts at finding Tony looking bright eyed with color in his cheeks laughing apparently at nothing.
“It is only that I’ve never seen halflings before." MiKall explained. "I’ve heard of you but I never thought I’d get a chance to see you. Thor why did you not tell me you were bringing guests? They are such darlings. I am overcome.”
“He was the best man who ever lived Tony. The
“I told you to go!” her male companion cried out as he took the chance to get back up. Tony had also had time to get back on his feet and with a kickstart of his boot thruster he was headed straight for the female, who was preoccupied enough with making Steve’s life miserable that this time when he fired at her she wasn’t quick enough to doge.
"The code is not the part I'm worried about. The code I'll figure out, it's their damn bodies that are causing the trouble."
"Yep. I did a few tours of Afghanistan. Para-Rescue."
He is Ivan the trainer, but he is not always. Sometimes the broken fragments of the past poke at his mind and cause unnecessary disruption.
Tony blinked, the smell of coffee making his nose and whiskers twitch, and looked down at the cup that had appeared under his nose and then up at the young woman who was holding it out to him.
Tony shrugs and shoves more tart into his mouth as pain smarts up his backside.
The two traded banter as they left the gym and everybody allowed themselves to be entertained by it and weigh in when necessary, silently agreeing to ignore the elephant in the room for the time being.
"Milady," he greeted her with a short bow before rising to his full imposing height and gesturing proudly towards Tony and the others. "I present Queen Anthony Stark of Pride Avengers. They hail from the New City of York and they have come to pay honor to both our houses on the day of your son's marriage."
"Tony, we could smell your distress from across the room." Bruce explained gently and Tony sucked in a breath, stepping back. He felt crowded in the circle of his teammates and suddenly very exposed. His traitorous tail was curling like it waned to tuck between his legs. But this was Bruce, so Tony actually tried to believe when he said that it was probably due to his heat being so close. The scent blockers never could quite keep up in the final days and the weeks before usually required a stronger dose.
"Into the bath with you Tony. You're ripe as a stable."
One face in particular in that sea of brass jumped out to Tony and he clenched his fists, reaching for Bruce’s thoughts to make sure he wasn’t about to go big and green on them. He wasn’t that surprised to find Natasha already there. She’d probably already scoped the crowd and had all their exits mapped out by now.
“You jest! Are you afraid brother? Be not afraid, for when your beast tires and I win the race I will tell no one of your humiliation.”
He picked his way carefully down the hall, peering into empty rooms. There was a lot of noise coming from upstairs, and he figured most of the fight had moved there and that anyone on the first floor had already fled or been evacuated.
He found himself looking away, but could still feel Steve tracking every minute change in his facial expression.
[Break for laughter]
Needless to say, Tony was ten times more curious now how the Alurio had been conquered by the Romans and why they had chosen to go into hiding rather than to simply go on a well-deserved killing streak of revenge.
“Me, the team, that’s what’s real! You wanna be our Captain? Then move!”
Natasha closed her eyes and drifted into sleep, content in the knowledge that they would die no sooner than they chose.
“Can you show Sir how to solve the puzzle?”
He didn’t see her explode, mashed to Steve’s chest like that but he felt the sudden blast of heat and the force that slammed them both to the ground.
Tony’s voice dripped with smugness. He knew he had Fury by the balls. What he’d really wanted to do was rip them off and eat them (metaphorically speaking) but Pepper would kill him if he ruined their strategy. Much as he’d like to tell Fury where to go, Tony needed to bide his time.
“Do not worry Captain,” Thor’s voice rumbled lowly as he stepped up beside Steve at the window and placed a hand against his shoulder. Natasha and Clint joined them a second behind, Natasha wordlessly slipping her arm in his as if there was nothing to it. Steve didn’t know what it said that he found her closeness so immediately comforting, her scent doing a lot to dull the burn in his nose from the chemicals and the screaming absence of Tony’s. He felt his mouth twist upward, somewhere towards grateful though it felt like a grimace on his face and the line of her own mouth softened in reply.
"And you're not?" Tony snarled at her. "You're telling me that the 'Black Widow' is just going to open herself up to a bond? You know it's irreversible right? No where to go, nowhere to hide, everyone knows every fucked up thing you've ever tried to keep in the dark. You're really sure you want to shine a light on all that red?"
“Erratic juvenile behavior is my MO. Did no one give you a briefing? I heard there was a whole report drawn up.” Tony blinked innocently at the tom and somewhere behind them Bruce broke out in a suspicious cough.
“When the visions didn’t stop and I began connecting his kills with things happening in the present I knew I hadn’t imagined what I felt that night. When they killed Ivan and took my child from me something in me went out inside me. It convinced me they were telling the truth that he was dead. But drinking that broth fixed whatever they did. The connection is weak but it’s back. When I reach for him I can feel him, and he can feel me too. I don’t think he realizes the significance of that yet but when he does, he’ll use it as a weapon. Because that’s what he is.”
Clint twitched, aborting the urge to sit up and get out of bed when Phil gave him the look of 'don't even think about it'.
For an anxious moment Tony thought that Steve was so pissed he wasn’t even going to dignify him with a response, but then he heard Steve sigh over the com, frustrated and fond all at once as he said, “Always.”
"Well, you go to catholic mass, don't you? And you've been baptized." He says after a moment and Tony can hear what it is he doesn't say, the implicit ‘you tell me’ in his wording.
Bitter as it made him to acknowledge it, he owed a good deal of his success to Howard’s vindictive nature.
“Theoretically so could you. You’re already talking to each other through these dreams you’re having.” Tony pointed out. “Everything Natasha remembers about Ivan points to the fact that they tried to rip that out of him, make him some sort of super-tom, but he’s still connecting with you both. He’s been through a lot of shit, but Barnes is a Queen. We’re hard to break.”
“No!” Above, Steve was still resisting as feet pounded on the planks, the loosened fastening bolts rattling and causing the bridge to moan like an old woman in pain.
for a tom like the worlds worst ‘happy kitten happy home’ instructional video.
He immediately felt Natasha surrounding him, soothing and steadying his breathing as his body immediately began to sync with hers, but Steve was standing closer and when the captain placed a steadying hand on Tony's back and knelt down like he was going to assist, Tony clamored hastily back to his feet.
“But does Helen know you are changing the design?”
He didn’t even care that she was threatening him. Normally he would, but he knew he deserved it. What kind of a person just leaves their partner after learning they might be pregnant? Assholes, that’s who. But it had just been too much at once. The initial shock bleeding away he’d begun to feel the idea out, getting used to it and if he was honest, experiencing a lot of the expected terror at impending fatherhood but not without some excitement too… Having a child with Tony. That was huge. Amazing but so huge.
Though Bruce wasn't touching him he'd followed Natasha so that the team was no longer spread around the table but clustered together, Thor on Tony's left and he and Natasha standing behind, with Pepper on the right.
Tony sat perched on the bar, his tail curved in an S shape behind his back as he silently watched Steve pace back and forth. He didn’t try to poke or prod or instigate conversation and that was very out of character for Tony. It made the guilt burning in Steve’s chest just feel worse.
"Natasha!" Tony called out fearfully as Killian blocked the move and back-handed her hard enough to break something. She fell to the ground with an agonized cry that Tony felt all the way down to his bones.
Bruce’s gentle thoughts wrapped around him and Tony closed his eyes for a moment, taking a deep breath.
Bruce’s sudden coughing fit wasn’t any more convincing the second time around. T’Challa just smiled at him, all warm and fond like Tony was the most adorable thing since Hello Kitty became a thing.
small. They’re him (Tony) and they’re curled up with their mother in the soft kitten bed. She smells like jasmine. She has a locket on a golden chain that they love to play with. It’s shiny, and the gem in the center catches the light in a distracting way.
The Queen gave her blessing and a short speech about the honor this would bring both their houses and the years of peace and prosperity that were sure to follow in the wake of their union and then she bid them join hands with her.
home, and he'd invited the others to live there so technically it had been theirs too for months now, but somehow that hadn't been quite true until suddenly it just was, and Tony wasn't even sure when it had happened.
Tony barked a laugh, cheeks flushing pink and heart picking up pace in his chest. By god was that humiliating. Not because of the
"Is that African?"
“I am majoring in architecture. My masters want me to work for the firm when I graduate...” Princess answered, trailing off to bite her lip for a moment before she continued. “But I’m far more interested in Neuroscience. I’m unofficially double majoring in it because I don’t think my masters would approve.”
From his chair, without taking his eyes away from the screen Steve nodded.
When the drugs had been developed, their far reaching genetic influence had been seen as a plus. It was impossible to find a kit whose sires hadn't been domesticated, so none of these subjects could meet the full expectations of the program either. The conditioning ran too deep, the kits could not develop a hunters mindset and they failed to form anything close to the powerful prides of old.
He'd offered comfort and support when he didn’t have to. He'd touched Steve when Steve hadn't really been touched in months, not since crashing in ice and waking up almost a century later. Not that he’d been looking for it or anything, it was just something you took for granted when you had it and missed more than you thought you would when it was gone.
Howard yelps and pulls away from her, shocked by the behavior of his docile kitten who has never shown a hint of aggression, but the doctors exclaim because she’s pushing now with earnest.
All the better then, for it was better to build alliances than to hold grudges, and Midgard was a vulnerable place. More fragile than any of his young friends yet realized. They would need powerful friends in the future, Thor mused to himself as he watched them get suited up for the hunt.
“Sorry. It’s crowded up here these days,” Tony apologized, tapping the side of his skull. It was touch and go with people how they felt about Gata bonds once they saw them in action.  The general rule seemed to be a certain kind of disquiet at knowing that Tony was holding silent conversations with his teammates. Tony knew for a fact it bothered the hell out of Fury. Nobody liked to think the inmates were plotting.
“Mr. Stark I really must insist you come with us now and be seen to.” The SHIELD medic snapped and Tony bristled because he could hear it in her voice, the unspoken ‘
Tony began to ask, cutting off as an alarm went off inside, a heady spike of fear coming from Princess and Natasha in tandem.
There was nothing right about the whole scenario. Really, there was so much not right about Catman’s whole deal that the very lack of SHIELD response told Tony they already were involved in some way, up to their eyebrows, and that if he wanted answers he better go digging.
So that’s what this is. It’s not just jealousy. It’s fear.
"I've held one once or twice." Tony answered, and Natasha grinned, rushing at the guard on the left with a running leap and Tony took aim at the one on the right and shot him straight through the heart.
"Working actually. Catching up." Bruce murmured in reply as he got the kettle off the hook and crossed to the sink in order to fill it. Smiling a bit, he explained further even though Steve hadn't asked and probably didn’t need the details. "Tony's been extra distracting lately."
You might think he should be more concerned about his imminent death but there were two reasons that Tony was okay with this.
“Woah, even I have to admit that sounds like some gumball machine science fiction. And I can manipulate chaos magic! Am I the only one who thinks this sounds insane?” Billy asked, crossing his arms looking skeptically around the table.
"Hit me with it Jay, what have we got?"
"But our boy Bruce here would go back under the questionable authority of whoever wins the ongoing custody battle between SHIELD and Ross and frankly Buddy I just can't have that."
He fully expected her to put together the larger picture his words implied and once again she did not disappoint him. Rather than any of the shock or worry that he’d expected her eyes widened with delighted surprise, her mouth curling into an anticipatory grin.
“Of course they were crap. You see what they did to Carter?” Tony giggled again. “But Barnes got the worst of it. Gee golly wiz Cap, you’re just the bees knees.”
“Don’t worry Cap. Just smile and follow my lead.”
Maria Stark looked frail there on the center of the bed, dwarfed by the circle of nurses.
Natasha turned back to Tony and waited for him to get to the reason he'd come. She knew as well as he did that Sting would never have left the shop if she wasn't ready to fly.
Even from across an ocean, he and Bruce had known the exact moment when the bullet had pierced her. For a split moment they’d both been jerked out of their own consciousness to find themselves sharing Natasha’s as she’d curled on a rocky beach at the bottom of a cliff, desperately trying to stem the flow of blood from the gaping wound in her side. It had been over and done in nearly a split second but Tony had nearly lost a finger because jerky movements and heavy power tools don’t mix. After that the discomfort of separation had become intense, the urge to get to their injured packmate refusing to go ignored.
“Stay down son.” Steve warned, catching his returning shield and stepping toward the downed kat.
Tony’s voice cracked as another stab of heat twisted in his belly and he closed his eyes, riding it out with a shudder. He stayed still until it had passed, panting for breath. He licked dry lips and exhaled slowly before opening his eyes again to meet Steve’s darkened ones. His arousal was thick in the air around him, storm clouds burgeoning in the middle of their rain storm, but Tony wasn’t afraid.
Yeah. He could be a selfish asshole sometimes.
Two, JARVIS noticed a blip and Tony trusted the math; he'd run the numbers and knew the probabilities.
Tony had no idea how he managed to look so certain of getting his way and still sound so damnably diplomatic about it.
But Tony likes to torture himself, so sometimes he goes to his father's rooms pours the mental equivalent of a drink, pulls out those old reels and lets them play on loop just to remind himself what a stupid child he was.
After the disastrous way the team briefing had ended Tony had holed himself up in his lab for the rest of the night. Relying on his previous pattern of behavior Natasha hadn't expected to see him again until after she returned from her mission; when he'd perhaps not be ready to talk, but would feel at least fortified enough to face her in order to pretend as if nothing had happened for as long as she'd allow.
“Thank you Tony. But you’re wrong, about Harley.” She began, placing a hand on the door to hold if from closing. “Someone told him a long time ago he could be more. He’s wanted to be Iron man since he was seven.”
“Only that I am sure of one thing.” The tom’s eyes were warm and steady as he held Tony’s hand cupped between his and slowly raised it to his lips in a whisper of a kiss. Not like a lover, but rather strangely like some knight of old, swearing fealty to his liege. “I cannot speak for your Captain. But to stand at your side would be the greatest honor of my life and it is worth a great deal more than I am free to give you. I am hopeful that will change very soon, but I will not insult you by asking you to wait. I hope only that we can be friends again. Your friendship is a dear enough gift for anyone.”
“Oh ho,” Clint crowed with a gleeful grin. “Shots fired.”
"He was prepared to die for you yesterday, Tony, don’t take that for granted.”
Until last night that is, because he doesn’t need to let his hand drift up to the back of his neck and let his fingers press against the tender skin, or feel the fading imprint that Steve’s teeth had left, Extremis already busy at work healing the bruised and broken skin. He’d felt it already this morning, in the clear light of day. He’d remembered starkly the intense pleasure pain that had shot through his body as Steve bit down, drowning out everything that wasn’t Steve and
"JARVIS" Tony shouted, and he was never more thankful for his beautiful, smart, intelligent A.I. because almost before he'd finished shouting the syringes full of 'goodnight juice' that he and Bruce had cooked up for just such emergencies popped out of the refrigeration unit of the minibar.
“You could say that.” She responded with a small smirk, sinking a hand into his dark hair almost absently, scratching gently at his scalp. Nobody commented on it, but it was obvious to Tony that she needed the contact as much as he and Bruce did.
“Guys!” Steve interjected with a frustrated snap. “Can we please focus? What the hell does Clint mean and what does biting you have to do with it?!”
“He made me eat soap because I’m smarter than he is. And then I told him he couldn’t wash away the truth…” he confesses because he knows if he doesn’t, if he lies, it will be that much worse.
Green and yellow eyes watched Tony from behind a fan of long thick dark lashes, a smirk tilting the lips of the tom they belonged to. The toms scent was strong and itched heavily in Tony’s nose. It was cologne, probably something named ‘wild’ with a panther on the bottle, trying to mimic the fresh and powerful scent of a feral kat and mask the bitter scent notes that always accompanied the domesticated.
Fool a guy once, shame on you. But fool him twice?
“I owe my allegiance to my Queen and my Pride above all things. I could not betray their trust, though it meant continuing to betray yours.”
"Yes. So I made very sure not to be wrong."Tony tossed the tom a confident smile and batted his hand away and slid back under the machine.
Steve frowned.
“Don’t you mean Goddess?” Steve asked, but Luke was already shaking his head.
"People usually get put you down for that," he remarked, subdued, glad that Sam had been spared that but wondering how it had come to be.
“Nakia thinks so. She complains that I do nothing but talk about you.” T’Challa admitted with an easy candor and Tony felt some of that heat moving to his cheeks and mildly resented how relaxed that tea had made him.
"You did a full security check? The last thing we need is to find a surprise later."
“Still, it is my hope now that we are strong that we can make a difference in the world, but it is not a popular thought among our elders. A few times we have entertained the notion of revealing ourselves to the world, but each venture has met with some sort of betrayal. First from your father who stole from us, and time and time again with men who saw in us only what they could plunder. Many on my father’s council still think that the rest of the world is too big a threat, and there is a great deal of unrest over the issue. My mother feels as I do, that if there is a chance of helping our brethren then it is our duty to try. But to avoid civil war my father cannot be seen as recklessly endangering our people. Thus my mother sent me on this mission, to judge not only your government but you Tony. Your character. Your weaknesses and strengths.”
Tony had wanted to find the linguistic equivalent of a blow torch and scorch those words (and all the innuendo behind them) out of existence, especially when he’d seen the look on Steve’s face.
," Tony sneered in reply.
“Don’t run onboard the ship Thomas! I’ve told you a million times.”
*~*~*
Lava Boy packed a mean punch.
“I wish I could Pep,” he responded with an air of gravity. “But public safety waits for no kat. Cap’s been making noise about getting the team back on a regular practice schedule and he wasn’t thrilled with our performance when we were two down this week. You know what they say, heroes never rest.”
The gata soldiers were back. It had been weeks with nothing, but six minutes ago someone had tripped the silent distress alarm at ViXon Tech. The local authorities were alerted to the robbery in place and according to the minimal information Coulson was able to gather from them it went downhill quick after that. Lucky for them, six minutes was all the Avengers needed to suit up and make it to Long Island.
“As long as you don’t drop the floor out from under me.”
“Yes Sir?” the woman’s voice came over the hidden speakers in the room.
"You mean it wasn't..." Tony hesitated, not wishing to upset her again but pushing forward at the narrowing of her eyes. Even now (especially now) she didn't like to be coddled. "It wasn't the Red Room?"
It's why he and Mama visit his grandparents in secret and why Nonno and Isiah act as if they do not know them when they’re at the yard. It's why Isiah and Nonno are angry with mama and speak harsh words in Hebrew about his father.
"You'll find that I can." Tony snapped coldly, and Ty flinched back. It was the only small bit of satisfaction that Tony was allowed because he didn't believe the agonized expression that flashed through the tom's eyes. Not one damn bit. But there was a tiny, weak, part of Tony that still wanted to. God how pathetic could he be?
“Where’s Amory?” she asked, unable to stop the jolt of anxiety that went through her, already reaching out for the younger teen in her mind.
“Yeah, Uncle Steve and mom were working with SHIELD when Steve realized Hydra was behind Project Oversight.” Anya recalled and Nyota nodded.
Tony tore his eyes away from the quickly disappearing figure of the tom to stare at Thor, one eyebrow inching upward.
The important thing to note is: everything was fine until the Romans came.
There’s something about being surrounded by other fels. He (Tony) loves those kittens. They are amazing people. They don’t try to take anything or expect him to fulfill some twisted fantasy.
“Queen Anthony,” T’Challa didn’t shout, but he didn’t need to. His tone demanded to be heard and the crowd naturally acquiesced, falling quiet to catch his every word. “On behalf of myself and the Panther tribe, ruling tribe of the united tribes of Wakanda, I thank you for opening your doors to us today.”
“No. Came to collect you actually. We’ve got a date with a foreign dignitary remember?” Tony answered once he’d pulled away.
Tony and the Avengers do Asgard and for a wedding it's not nearly as cheery as Tony thought it would be. There are dragons for one thing, and to even get an audience with Queen Bastet the Avengers have to prove themselves worthy. Tony's getting real sick of this bullshit. A glimpse into futures maybe and the unforgotten past leaves the team on shaky ground. They were all warned that visions are seldom all they seem but Tony's not giving up, and a surprising confession from Steve may just path the way toward a future he'd never dreamed possible.
Even though he hated swallowing his craw as much as the next guy it was worth it to watch the brief flicker of surprise on her face when he didn’t say what she was expecting. Though that amused slant did return to her mouth as he bit out, "Fine. But I don't think you're any more for being a pawn for a dictator than I am, so how do we get him to talk to us?"
Though he doesn’t know why he would have chosen that, the soldier has never questioned this history. The proof is in the words whenever he hears them spoken.
~*~*~
He put it out of his mind but had to pick it back up again when Phil approached him about the collar and later again at the gala at the end of the month.
He didn’t waste time mooning over it though because crazy Killian was getting up. As soon as Catman was clear and Tony had enough room to sit up he did, firing two repulsor blasts viciously into the villain’s chest, screaming in pain as the chip nestled against his palm crackled and burst as electric current exploded from his palm.
"Glad you dropped in," Tony managed to get out through chattering teeth as he hastily got up from the table. His legs weren't quite ready to support him and he nearly slid to the floor, but Natacha was there bracing him against her good side and Tony wondered how she could stand it. He righted himself, ignored the way the room swayed and his skin prickled with sweat as his temperature spiked. His body was rapidly switching through waves of hot and cold as the extremis virus worked its way through his bloodstream.
That’s… well it’s something.
But he would, Natasha thought even as Tony’s mouth curled into a smug grin.
“No.” A chorus of voices, including the Colonels echoed Tony’s reply, it was almost comical.
“Oh look, and there came a great clatter.”
“Sorry Bucky. I can’t let you take her.” The kat said, their voice heavy with modulation to make it indistinguishable. It was enough to snap Ivan out of the fog. Iron Man. That’s where he recognized that triangular symbol from. The same design in the center of that star is on the face of the reactor that powers Stark’s suit.
His musings were interrupted when the door suddenly opened and just like that, the man who had been Peter’s hero almost his entire life was sweeping into the room with an apology for keeping him waiting that Peter barely heard.
"Still kicking Cap," Tony groaned as he got to his feet. The previously peaceful stretch of Manhattan that M.O.D.O.K and his cronies had attacked was a mess. The villains didn't seem to have much of a goal in mind besides making as much damage as possible in as short amount of time as possible, firing canon guns and energy beams into anything standing in their way as they carved their way through the streets.
Ivan wanted to know what that was even though he wasn’t sure what knowing would change. It wouldn’t free him. Only the words could do that, and the only people who knew them were those who would use them against him... and the girl. She was another puzzel.
Tony bit his lip, staying stubbornly silent. Maybe that’s how it was supposed to work but Bruce and T’Challa hadn’t been there. They couldn’t know. Tony had heard their voices, seen their most intimate memories and fed off of their strength. He’d felt them grow weak but it wasn’t like he’d consciously decided to stop except for –
And it didn’t surprise him a bit when old Thaddeus thought to take advantage of the opening and stepped forward all straight backed and commanding with his hands firmly clasped behind his back.
Tony watched with horror as he grabbed the metal bar that Natacha had been beating him across the face with and it bent in his hand, the metal smoking where his skin touched it. He used it to yank her toward him and though she quickly let go and attempted to knee him and dart out of his reach she wasn't quite fast enough.
“Not any more than we had with questioning the folks at Oscorp. Nobody has heard or seen anything to make them think that somebody within the company is illegally breeding black kats.”
The ARK rattles and shakes as that plume of fire rushes toward them. Brilliant light stings at their eyes. And then it happens.
Tony frowned. What were these guys doing? Robbing a Macey’s for some quick cash, okay, but a bookstore? It didn’t make sense.  None of it did.
“Dad didn’t step down from leading the team until the Civil War,” Teddy reminded everyone. He and Billy were curled up together to watch the news clip. Billy’s head was resting on his shoulder his eyes drooping sleepily. He’d been up late again, trying to grow his powers. He still thought it was his fault that he hadn’t been strong enough to save their parents, even when his own mother hadn’t been strong enough.
"Aye." Thor agreed. "But I have complete faith in our friend Tony's ability to check his mate."
Tony laughed. Ignoring Fury entirely he turned to Steve and that frustrated expression of his, underlayed with that token earnestness that Tony found ten times more frustrating than Steve would likely ever understand (the one that said he wanted to understand, he wanted to help, if only Tony would be more reasonable) and jerked his head toward Fury.
The whole thing about Kat’s liking to play with their food is a stereotype. But the thing about them is, there is an element of truth in every one. And it’s obvious now that whatever else T’Challa had intended to do when he’d infiltrated Tony’s home, he was the sort of tomkat who just couldn’t resist playing with his food before he ate it.
featuring the kits.
“Ivan!”
The boy is walking away from them, shaking his head more and continuing to mutter. Tony catches in rough German what sounds like "crazy as a cuckoo bird."
The tension had formed a lump in Steve’s throat which he swallowed back as Tony’s eyes sought out his, the soothing brought by the touch of their minds washing through Steve like a slow wave, draining the tension from his body head to toe.
Eventually, a need for air forced them apart but Steve's mouth hovered over his unwilling to part more than a couple of inches. Tony was just fine with that. He buried his nose against Steve's shirt, inhaling the scent of cotton and all that made Steve,
Normally the idea of parenthood is enough to send him running for the hills, and then thoughts of realistic application is enough to have him researching ways to sterilize himself, because under no circumstances will he have progeny in a world where he can bring a life into it, but that life will never belong to itself.
That had been the first time. Peter had been doing his best to stand up despite how meek he was ever since, and since the spider bite, things had only gotten easier. The fear couldn’t cripple him anymore.
T’Challa’s reply when it came was about as short as it was irritating.
Tony let his suit peel away from his face, the plates appearing to slide and dissolve back into his skin until his head was free and he could feel the cool night air on his face. He took a deep breath and fought for calm.
T’Challa chuckled, shrugging lightly as he answered simply. “I do.”
The scent of sleepy kits saturates their skin, strongest coming from the boy in their arms. They can’t see his face entirely from this angle but it doesn’t matter. They recognize themselves in the soft curve of his cheek and the fan of dark eyelashes that rest against them. They can map the imprint they’ve left down to the smallest detail and find the shadow of the boy they used to be.  They don’t need their nose to know who this boy is to them or what he means.
"Who taught you how to be a good host?" Clint grumbled, rubbing at Tony's wriggling feet. The spice in the air thickened with Tony's contented purr. "Bruce is with me on this. It's two against one."
Actually, it was starling, but Steve was probably right. Avert crisis now, explore kinks later.  And the gun happy idiots within the D.C. Police certainly were doing their level best to create a crisis. Animal Control was out in full force, padded down in their signature protective black gear. The strip on the third level was already thick with green tinted tranq gas despite the fact that the building had not been cleared of civilians and the kats they were trying to apprehend wore suits that surely filtered the air for them. Idiots.
“When are you guys going to get it? I am Iron man. The suit and I, we're one. There are no hands safer than mine.”
Luke cocked his head curiously but had the tact not to openly sniff him.
Nyota’s eyes swiveled back on the screen, her heart pumping with anticipation now that Amory had found evidence of Gata on the planet. There had been no Nyota Stark on Earth 1204, because Tony Stark and T’Challa had not been born without the Gata gene and they hadn’t been mated in that universe. In fact the T’Challa of that universe had been married to a mutant woman and Tony had been with Aunt Pepper. It had hurt more than she ever realized it would to be so close to her parents and yet still be so far.
He'd been chafing to get up almost the minute he'd woken up at the hospital, despite looking like some horrendous version of two face, with one side of his body still healing from severe burns. Between him and Clint they'd been driving the hospital staff crazy.
"Someone else you know Tony?" Rhodey asked and Tony slowly nodded.
Green eyes glowing dangerously Natasha stalked silently toward the woman and without so much as speaking, pushed Maya's hands away to grasp the hilt and yank it free, effectively ending the woman's chances for survival.
“She ran into a brick wall.” Stone filled in. Licking his lips in a show of anxiousness he leaned forward, encroaching into Tony’s space in a subtle way that made Natasha’s hackles raise. There was a low, intimate quality to his tone as he continued.
Whatever people chose to call them, some things remained fairly universal. Genetically they're homo-catus, which in layman's speak means they’re hybrids who land somewhere arguably close to a human with some feline genetics thrown in just for kicks.
"Obi has fewer principles than I do." Hughard sniffs and Mama chuckles.
Oh and it should be mentioned that she had a bracelet full of actual teeth and claws. Like, body parts she'd clearly taken from somebody else.
She'd given most of her warmth to Tony, because the knee was completely busted. Tony carrying her gave her body time to start mending. When AIM caught up she'd have one good fight left in her. As it was, Tony was sweating bullets, his body shaking under hers with more and more fervor.
“JARVIS, have someone get rid of all the thread in the tower," Tony barked, decisively snatching up the tupoware.
“Aye. I am Queen Frigga, and this child was given to me to raise as my own.”
“T-tony.” Steve sputtered and blinked like he was coming up for air, and Tony took it as a good sign. It was a less favorable one when he turned back to (not) Bucky and tried to plead with him. “His name is Tony. He’s Howard’s son. If you just tell me where you are he can help. I can find you.”
Don't do that. He reminded himself. Don't demean the people who care about you by demeaning their choice to care about you.
Steve wasn’t a slouch at hand to hand combat. He was fine playing the defensive so long as it gave him time to observe his opponent. T’Challa was better trained and his leaner frame made him objectively faster, but Steve knew he could overpower the tom easily if he could just get a solid grip on him. The problem was T’Challa knew it too. The guy was like water, slipping in and out of range before Steve could so much as get two hands on him, utilizing every last inch of his body like a damn acrobat at times to avoid the blows that would slow him down.
A lie; but Stone couldn't know that for sure and knowing Tony he'd taken suppressants before his meeting with Killian. They had to be ones that he'd developed for himself because this close to heat his body would have burned through anything available on the market and she couldn't smell heat on him from her perch. There was no telling how long they'd hold up but for now they seemed to be working.
“Queensgaurd? Not sure I know what you mean, Thor’s just a very large, very good friend.” Tony winked at the Asgardian Prince who beamed back at him. Gesturing toward Steve at his side, Tony introduced him as team captain before moving on to introduce the others. It was all bullshit for the cameras of course but everybody put up with it.
Working through this shit was just the price of a successful interspecies relationship.
Coulson's already their handler because no way was the government going to allow Fury to organize a pride full of undomesticated wildkats into an elite task force without one.
But they need a balance. Sheer grit sweetened with a strong moral center. Remembrance, faith, and above all else unshakable dedication to the indisputable truth that some things can never be sacrificed.
“I journeyed to Múspell, which delayed me.” Thor explained and Steve’s eyebrows lifted in surprise.
And as he watched Amee’s mommy come in and tell her what a wonderful privilege it was to bring a child into the world and how happy she was going to be to give another family such a special gift, the feeling of discomfort only grew.
"When I agreed to align myself with the Avengers Pride it was with the understanding that Mr. Stark had been named Queen. I was also given to understand that as he has no mate, you were appointed Captain until such a time as your title is made permanent by a mating bond.
He closed his eyes, taking in the familiar (safe) scent of her and savoring the methodical rub and scratch of her fingers. It was a long moment before he was able to answer.
; but he’d kind of expected all of that.
He stuffed another spoonful of yogurt into his mouth, chewed and then licked the creamy residue from his lips with a dainty flick of the tongue just to make his point, before he gestured at the medic with his spoon.
And because Tony was better at smoothing over awkward emotions than talking about them, he grinned cockily and batted his eyelashes in Bruce's direction and said, "But it's good to know Brucie that you're waiting with such bated breath until my next heat. Counting down the days are we?"
On screen a clip was playing of the volcanic woman crashing through the upstairs window and Tony leaping after her with feline grace. He's like a missile colliding with the deceptively fragile looking woman and even without the sounds, there's no hiding how ferocious he is as he tears at her, teeth and claws flashing under the chopper beams.
“Hey gang. Can you give us a minute? I think Steve and I need to talk.”
Okay so the next few chapters are going to focus on the team and Tony's individual friendships with each member; because the Avengers becoming a family is what this is all about. Obviously, a major change is T'Challa's arrival so early in the game. I felt this was necessary for him to fully integrate within the pride.
“No, I get it. You’re right, it seems a little feudal to me,” Tony admitted with a wan smile. “But go on. I’m tracking.”
“Yeah. I can understand that.”
Tony’s kits won’t belong to him, they’ll belong to Pepper and sure he doesn’t have it bad, Pepper’s amazing and she’d never sell him or his kits and she’d probably even let him parent (but maybe not because even he can admit he’d probably be a terrible parent and Pepper probably should intervene) but they’ve got enemies and Pepper is only human, so Tony knew how fragile it all was.
He didn't know how to make it stop, knew that when you were this broken you were supposed to see a head shrink, but even if all the material he'd read said it was different these days (less shameful) there was a terrifying amount of certainty sitting quietly in the back of his consciousness that no doctor could close his wounds.
He was unerringly proud of their Midgardian friends of old who had taken up the tradition for themselves, their Yuletide a charming (if tame) imitation of the Asgardian customs. Though there was not enough beer involved and a shocking shortage of Giant Boars to be hunted, the Midgardian goose was not unpleasant fare. Thor was sure Loki would have enjoyed the bird garnished in a wild berry sauce that Jane’s assistant Darcy (who was a surprisingly deft hand in the kitchen) had prepared for the Midgardian Feast of Thanks.
Right, the dinner with the ambassador from Wakanda was scheduled this evening. The headliners had talked of nothing else but the history making event all week. Steve’s smooch with Tony in the park was old news (thankfully) in the wake of the news that foreign royalty from a mysterious and dangerous country would be stepping on American soil.
It was possible but god was it not probable.
"Because you don't sleep." Clint reminded him.
.” Tony admitted, throat tightening with conviction. “But I’m not running away. I’m wearing it. So don't give me bullshit about trying to protect me. It was never about
He'd lasted the longest, but after awhile his system began to fail just like the others. It looked like the project was going to die, all funding cut.
"I suppose your sense of smell is inferior." She answered with a dramatic sniff and Tony tensed. "Didn't your mother ever teach you what happens when a tom meets a fel little halfing?
Tony hesitated. Maybe it was the miserable way that Ty looked at him, the reminder that for all that Tony despised Robert Stone and Tiberius' compliance with his plans, there was a part of Tony that knew Ty was right. They'd been lovers, a team, and Tony had fucked him over first with his stubbornness.
When Aunt May had come bursting into his room Peter had to choose between scrambling to hide his web shooters or the giant purpling bruise snaking up his right shoulder.
"You. Don't go anywhere." Tony tried to warn the black costumed vigilante even as he tried to wiggle out of Natasha's grip. "I'm fine, Natasha really!"
He injected himself with the strongest suppressant he’d yet to develop and hissed under his breath when he took in a deep drag of air through his nose and thought he could still smell the lingering notes of heat on his skin. So he'd taken a quick peek at the one that was still in production and argued with JARVIS for a few minutes before relenting that it probably wasn't safe to give it a go just yet.
floor of Stark Tower, he honestly wished he’d given it some greater thought. Not that he seriously thought a guy like Mr. Stark would even look at him twice. A fel that amazing would never look Peter’s way even if he wasn’t old enough to be Peter’s dad.
“And what will you do for cover if one of these things decides to breath fire at you?” Natasha asked pointedly, and the archer shrugged as if the thought did not cause him much worry.
“Send it in. And send unreasonably hot aunt up in ten, won’t you Jay? We can’t leave her starving in the lobby.”  Tony winked at Peter, and clapped a companionable hand on his shoulder.
He looked over at Steve, who actually looked decent despite having been shot through the chest not twenty-four hours ago. The serum had already seen to the minor bruises and injuries he’d sustained taking on Wanda (Bucky’s fel friend with the freaky powers) and Tony’s last anxious peek under the hospital gown had confirmed that the skin over the bullet entry point had already healed over. Hellen worried that he should be awake by now, but Prince T’Challa had assured them again that brief periods of coma were typical among Gata, especially after extreme bond stress.
"Stark," Steve began in that 'captain's' tone of his, a teasing slant to his lips as he spoke ruining the effect. "If I let you think you were always right we'd all be outfitted with rocket boots and you'd be on the phone with the president trying to convince him that Metallica would make a better national anthem."
“Not intentionally! Right Tony?" Papa hastily interjects, jiggling Tony as if his compliance would come tumbling out of him. Tony's still giggling as Mama marches over to take him from Papa and Papa is saying, "A minor accident but we’ve got it under control here Peach.”
“Yeah, looks like it,” Tony confirmed firing a repulsor toward Barnes because he’d learned from all those real but not real confrontations they’d had on the meta plane. Barnes dogged the blast, returning fire even as he ducked and rolled, the bullets pinging loudly off of the armor as Tony set after him.
Well well well then, Tony thought darkly.  This certainly explained that squeaky clean record. To neat. Too damn tidy. He'd known that. And now that it was all coming together in his head, the clues had been there.
“As long as it takes to get through to him.” Tony replied. Steve didn’t look happy about that. Tony squeezed his arm tiredly, mustering up a smile. “Hey, he took me by surprise this time. Nobody said I planned on just taking shit lying down. This is me Cap. When have I ever rolled over and cried uncle? Trust me with this. Okay?”
, whatever their motives were. But still...that didn’t completely account for how strong the sense of urgency became at the thought of one of them being shot.
“Thanks Buddy, bring in the cavalry.”
“Captain Rogers has not yet returned Sir, however you will be pleased to know that Agents Barton and Romanov have.”
And Tony was very afraid all of a sudden of the challenging glint that had entered the green of her eyes.
Natasha didn't bother acknowledging that blatant falsehood, turning instead to where Steve was still standing awkwardly in the doorway, watching them.
Peter heard himself spit out the truth before he could stop it. It was like he was just vomiting words. He couldn’t help it. The way Tony was looking at the clip of him fighting those bad guys like he was something amazing and he’d just called his webbing genius. Peter’s ears were standing straight up, dizzy delight rushing through him in a brilliant jolt as Tony smiled at him, but the euphoria was followed by terror at what he’d just admitted.
“You think too loudly.” Bruce mumbled, nuzzling closer to bury his nose against the side of Tony’s neck, subconsciously rooting out the lingering notes of heat scent. Tony huffed.
Wakanda might have the resources to create highly advanced weaponry the world couldn’t yet beat, but they didn’t have Tony Stark, and that was a big chip on the Avengers side of the pile.
Tony nodded along as if he were following keeping his thoughts closely guarded as he asked, “Why come to me then? Why not go to the authorities if you suspect Killian?”
And he’d walked right into it.
“Be careful Tony.”
But there was an unmistakable heaviness coming from her end of the bond, pulling at him like a weight tied to the end of a nylon stocking.  It occurred to Tony that if Bucky really was somehow her Ivan, this was the first time she was seeing him like this. Not just the clean cut and well cared for but
He is better now for being wiped clean. But his superior genetics while desirable, also posed many complications. His mind is a glorious tool that even their greatest scientist could not completely conquer.
Tony could only thank his lucky stars that he'd never had to suffer through domestic training. It is a cruel, invasive and ill disguised torture, that thankfully is outlawed in most states today. Thanks to the sophistication of modern medicine the new mandated injections are relatively painless.
Jarvis and his mother are finding him tucked up in strange places. Usually in his father’s workshop.
“They asked me to write up an honest assessment. If you’d read my report-“
Wrong. Tony thought. Hadn’t he told Steve once that if there was a way to cut the wire he’d find it?
There was a collective gasp from the crowd at this and Tony saw Rhodey slowly close his eyes as if pained. Tony bit back a laugh. He was going to build a monument to Thor, right in the middle of his island. See if he didn’t.
"Then one night we liberated this hospital in France that the Germans were using as a base. When they heard we were coming they sent all the women and children out in front because they knew it would slow us down.
“If I can’t...” Tony tapered off, his throat tightening around the words in protest, as if his body were rebelling against voicing the question.
"Boo. Just because your hormones are going crazy don't torture the rest of us." Clint heckled from the other end of the couch and Bruce bit back a smile as Tony lifted a foot and kicked him playfully in the stomach. The smile turned to a wince as Tony turned in his lap, pulling on the hand that Bruce currently held the remote with until his skin was close enough to nip.
Tony is unprepared for the way that the soldier comes for him with brute strength and furious strength, reining blow after furious blow down upon him that he can barely keep up. He stumbles backward, fighting to keep up, but he’s being battered like a ram and he knows it.
Ross is right. He’s just looking out for his daughter and they are selfish for endangering her, selfish for even looking at her. What kind of a life would she have with them anyway? The life of a degenerate. Ostracized and shunned. All of her promise and potential wasted. She doesn’t deserve that (him). She deserves to be happy.
~*~*~*~
“Hey so, I’ve got another couple of rounds of interviews this afternoon including the spider kid, but I was serious about dinner. We could both use a night off.”
The other half of the problem was super villains don't take holiday.
"Nobody wants to watch that shit." Clint insisted, turning to Bruce.
Rhodey tightens his lips but he is no fool. He nods his agreement silently and Hughard accepts this, nodding decisively as if something has been settled.
Stone heaved a deep sigh and made like he was going to get up and step toward Stark but a threatening glower from Thor who mirrored his motion by rising from his own seat changed the toms mind.
Steve took a deep breath and leaned forward to grip the metal sill of the observation window and let the breath out slow, fighting the urge he had to break the damn window and grab Tony out of there and run him to safety. It wouldn’t be safe, not really. The nano-bots had bought them time, but without the BX it was just bandages and tape. Bandages that could be ripped off at any moment.
“They muzzled you.” Tony let loose a vindictive huff of laughter and Fury glared at him. This was an interesting development. Favorable, in some ways considering his own plans but also dangerous to them. A partnership between the US government and Wakanda put everything Tony planed in jeopardy.  It was galling to admit it, but having glimpsed bits and pieces of their technology he wasn’t one hundred percent certain his own would come out the winner in a war with Wakanda.
But, staring down at the picture forming of a bright-eyed kit with an evergreen sprig clamped playfully between his teeth brown tail knocking against a low hanging ornament, a sweet ache filled his chest.
"Your world isn't one to be trusted."
Tony whipped his head around owlishly, counting his teammates one by one and having to start over again when he started counting stone steps instead; because there were so many in the tower and so expertly constructed. Good job Asgardians. He wasn't an architect in title but architecture and engineering went hand in hand often enough it was like a.... like a good date really. Always showed you a good time and let you come first.
He stopped on the communal floor, thinking of making himself the sleep tea he liked, and he blinked, semi-startled to find that somebody else was up, though honestly, it wasn't that unusual.
This chapter was brought to you by Rihanna's Love On The Brain.
Tony, for the life of him could not fathom why someone like Natasha would have chosen to die either with or for him.
“I’m fine Jo. I think it’s me” she answered the A.I. with a small sigh. Space was cold. She and the others had spent more time on the ARK the last two years than they had anywhere else. The cold must have seeped into her bones. She was beginning to forget what it was like to feel the sun on her skin.
No, it hadn’t been. But MiKall had been treated well, loved dearly, and what heaviness there must have been in her heart from being separated from her kin she’d kept between herself and her sister.
"I thought it was just the war. All the things we'd seen, that maybe he just couldn't deal. I thought if we could just finish the damn thing and go home, that I'd get us a house somewhere quiet where we could just be happy and leave the war behind us.
“Hey, cheer up little man.” She sent as much comfort his way as she could muster, the way she always remembered feeling from her dad. “Everything’s going to be fine. You’ll see. We’re going to get our parents back.”
“Where’s Stark?” Steve asked, a step behind where Stark was concerned (as usual), already switching on his com. link to ask the man himself.
In which the Avengers attend a gala and an old friend steps back into Tony's life just in time to remind him why he doesn't do the whole friend thing. But Natasha's got plans, so it's probably all going to go tits up anyway.
Suprise! Posting today as I won't have time tomorrow.
Natasha, who had reserved her strength in preparation for when Tony could inevitably no longer protect himself, pushed the pain in her leg to the back of her mind in order to drag him onto an old ratty couch at the back of the cluttered barn. Which, judging by the layer of dust on everything and the distance from the house, was likely not very much used.
“Business dinner. Pepper, darling, pencil that in. Where am I meeting you?”
Ivan pushed Pietro out of the way and dove for the nearest shield he could find – a store mannequin propped up on a short platform – and cursed as the thing exploded into flaming pieces. He has only a second to wonder what kind of technology he’s up against when something caught him hard in the ribs and drove him off his feet like a charging bull.
“Sir, I highly recommend you remain in the – ” he remembered that JARVIS tried but he was so far beyond hearing.
"But I would still feel more comfortable if we had a real doctor consult, before we go any further."
“I’ve been dreaming about it every night since it happened. You were at the state dinner. You were wearing white.” Steve went on and Tony felt his stomach drop. They’d all read the mission report Coulson had sent over by now, but Natasha’s attire for the evening had definitely not been an included detail. The only reason Tony even knew that she’d gone to that ill-fated dinner in a white gown was because they were bonded.
“Though I have to wonder whose bright idea it was to seat you so far apart. It’s indecent.”
"It's your world too. Things aren't much better in your neck of the words." Tony pointed out.
She stared back at him, unresponsive, but Tony could feel the frantic buzzing of her thoughts like a fly fliting just behind his ear. It would be a long time before Natasha was comfortable enough to walk around with her mind opened, naked and defenseless. Truly, Tony understood that she might never be. It just wasn’t who she was.
Tony was never going to admit it out loud but T’Challa’s warm spicy scent and solid grip on his hand made the anxiety climbing inside him recede. Ugh. Look at him
It's one of those fancy shindigs that the government throws for good press, and so that the rich and famous can feel good about the fat checks they're going to write that night and look fabulous while doing it.
“You need a doctor.” Bruce stated, anxiousness tightening his voice. He looked like he was holding together by a thin thread, the thin thread of productivity (Tony was very familiar with that). Tony laid a hand on Bruce’s arm and gave it a consoling pat.
“JARVIS,” Tony called out to the A.I. his decision made. “Get Prince T’Challa on the phone.”
“Did you get what you needed from me?” Steve asked, already rising from his seat and Tony nodded, grin fading. He could tell that Steve was anxious to get back to what he’d been doing before Tony had pulled him away from yet another strategy session in the ongoing search for Bucky Barnes. Truthfully Tony could have tested the prosthetics without him but they could both use the break and Tony was starting to feel his absence.
“I am ready as ever to prove my skill in the hunt little MiKall!” Thor was saying as he placed the woman, (who must have been the blushing bride) back on the ground, not before allowing her to nuzzle him with her fur covered face. The room filled with the loud sound of purring.
At the sound of the familiar chime from his phone Clint fished the device out of his pocket and smiled down at the latest alert. He scrolled through the usual responses from fans and lonely kittens fantasizing about snagging an Avenger for a mate, and had to smile at those who were bold enough to claim outright they were just looking for a stud. The grin widened when he saw that the team had seen the pictures he’d posted of himself with the guys from the construction crew, but it damn near cracked his face when he saw that T’Challa had responded. The other toms Yowler profile had been silent since his identity had been discovered and Clint hadn’t expected him to go back to using it.
He remembers trying to be good in those days. The strain of doing his best not to screw up only to fail every time wearing him thin.
He had vowed he'd never wear a collar again after Howard. The Ten Rings and many others had tried to prove him wrong (put him in his place) and though they'd given it their best shot they'd all failed. Tony had sent them to a fiery grave.
So he'd given up the hope of having children with Bucky – too risky, and Steve would never be rich enough to pay the fines to avoid prison – but he'd never really needed that anyway. Just Bucky.
The tom’s mouth tilted towards a smirk and Tony really wanted to jerk his hand away and hiss for good measure, except that would mean exerting energy and effort and giving up the comfort of his touch. So meh.
“It’s great. It is, it’s just that you’ve got it wrong. Mr. Stark – Tony, I mean. Tony, I never applied for your internship.” He admitted with a forceful swallow. It felt like there was a lead weight in his stomach, dragging his insides to the floor. This was the single suckiest moment of his life.
It was obvious wasn’t it? That Thor needed to replace what he’d lost? Wasn’t that what they all wanted? Howard searching the seas endlessly for the one good thing he’d contributed to the world and resenting the shoddy replacement? Clint stripped of family. Bruce of control. Natasha of self. Steve of everything.
“The Alurio are an endangered species Tony. There are only five free Prides left in the entire world.” The prince began slowly. “We may have cloaked ourselves from the eyes of the world but that does not mean we have not watched the outside. We have watched our way of life disappear outside of our walls. As a boy I could not help but think it cowardly, that my forbearers sat in their nest of riches and did nothing while the rest of our kind were decimated. As a man I understand the hard choice that was presented to them. Sometimes it is only possible to save a few.
It had been kind of morbid, but comforting in its own way, eating together as a team knowing that afterwards they would all take the elevator down to Bruce’s lab where Helen would hook them up to the machines that would monitor them while they attempted to form the bond.
If Tony were in ancient Egypt right now his hunters would be out hunting and striking fear into the hearts of his enemies, and the toms among them would be clamoring for the chance to share a heat or mate with one of the fels and have a bunch of kits to show off their virility and vigor. And it would all be huzzah.
“He’s still there it’s just…. it’s like he’s gone under water.”
Decision made, Steve got to his feet.
The words echoed inside his head. Wasn’t that what Tony had been telling himself from the beginning? That someone like Steve just wasn’t for a guy like him.
So the good thing about kinda sorta seeing another person, was how in those early stages it was all "gee Tony, let me get that door for you" and "hey Tony I'm getting up. Are you hungry?" And "Golly Tony, your ears look so soft. Can I rub them?"
For a bare second he thought about Tony asleep in his bed and he twitched, the want deep in his muscle and bone to press close to him, closer even than they’d been on the roof, and his cheeks heated with the intensity of the sudden stab of need. His mother would have had all sorts of things to say about the bent of his thoughts, but truthfully it wasn't even really about wanting sex.
“I ran every feasible test I could, comparing this earths signatures to what is stored in JOCASTA’S memory banks. It looks like a match but honestly there’s just not enough to be certain.” Amory tried to explain in a rush, gesturing toward the projection as he spoke. “So I tapped into their satellites and started doing some digging. They have Gata! Those other earths didn’t, and look, look what’s happening on the news!”
In which Steve learns Tony might be prego and goes off like a bomb.
Thor walked with his friends off the Skiff and saw them to the lineup, trying to keep the worry that plagued him off of his face. He'd anticipated Bastet using the hunt as a test but he'd not expected her to ban him from assisting his friends. It was very worrisome indeed.
"Run and tattle? Well you're ace at it."
Those who lived long tended to take their time about things, and perhaps it was because of that, that his kinfolk and those who populated the nine realms grew so recalcitrant toward change. The cycles of life and death were unending (even for so-called gods). Whether you experienced them in a few short decades or ages upon ages, death waited for everyone in one form or another and the road there held the same scenery for all. The rising of kingdoms and the falling of them. Battles upon battles for the sake of greed and love in turns.
It is likely that he won’t be allowed outside to play with the other children for some time, and it upsets him a little bit, but he knows it will only be worse if he whines. He’s been naughty, and the right thing to do is to accept punishment when it comes. He doesn’t want to disappoint his parents anymore anyway. He loves them too much for that.
Clint could only arch a brow at that. He didn't know the medical team as well as some of the strike forces, only that he was originally from somewhere in the Congo. That explained the faint accent the guy couldn't quite suppress. He was doing a fair job of it all things considered but Clint was a spy after all. Fair wasn't good enough.
MORE OR LESS. WHEN IN PERIL, QUEENS CALL THEIR OWN TO THEIR AID. YOU ARE CALLED BECAUSE YOU ARE IN HIS HEAD, WHERE I HAVE ADVISED YOU IT IS DANGEROUS TO BE. THAT, AND YOU STAND BETWEEN HIM AND THE ONLY OTHER TWO WHO WOULD HEAR SUCH A CALL.
"Stark! Shut up." Fury barked. "Coulson, if you were kept up to date on his condition why was he cleared for duty?"
But maybe he should back up.
"But I am not someone who fears a challenge. Even the challenges of the unknown." Luke stated decisively, his familiar confidence back in full force as he smiled down at Tony, practically oozing that particularly special brand of arrogance reserved for toms who thought they were all that and a bag of chips (or Captain America as the case sometimes was). "I'm at your service Mr. Stark. Use me however you'd like."
“I wish to extend this gift to you in thanks. It is an honor I hope we can repay with many years of friendship.”
Enough to get started anyway.
“Don’t be afraid Natalia,” Ivan murmers into their ear and (he) yearns, chest raw like someone who has been whipped. Mistress sometimes gives them lashes when they miss steps.
“Tony?” Steve gently brushed his fingers against the edge of Tony’s mouth and it was only then that he realized how twisted up with anxiousness his face must look, if the tightness of his facial muscles was anything to go by. Steve’s touch was soothing, and Tony didn’t mind leaning into it as he forced himself to relax.
"He said there was a way to draw them closer didn't he?" Tony remembered. "That's how they got them here in the first place. He didn't mention what bait they used did he?"
“And I’m not sending Cho to a foreign country I know little about where she would be on her own.” Tony refuted, calculating quickly for a resolution and grinning when the pieces sild beautifully into place. Not just to solve the current problem but a lot of future ones as well.
She blinked slowly, and there was something very removed about her as she looked at him and said, "I only pretend to never be afraid Stark, but showing them fear gives them an opening. Don't think they aren't coming for us. We threaten the order of a world they've spent fortunes building. They're not letting us tear it down without a fight. They're watching us. Looking for a door they can walk through to take us apart. Don't give them that."
There was something rather beguiling about Luke's sleepier variant. Kind a siren song actually. Tony was well aware that the distant urge he had to curl up beside the man all lazy like and allow himself to be petted and protected was a biological throwback that could kindly shut the hell up.
Tony ventured into the kitchen late the next morning, yanked from the fitful sleep he’d dropped into during the early part of the morning before the sun had risen. He’d spent the night digging through the files on the trucking company Natasha had traced the vehicle parts back to. JARVIS was a big help but even so, without much to narrow their search window they were forced to weed through the company’s financial records from the last ten years, hoping to spot something helpful.
Above them, flashes of blue and red light cut through the rising fog of gas, as the fight on the fourth level continued. The woman they’d caught on the security footage and the Gata mercenary who had interrupted her attempt at abduction had been enhanced, both displaying a power unlike anything ever observed in Gata or humans before. Tony just hoped Steve and Clint would be able to handle whatever they found up there.
"Greek," the boy replies tersely. "Most people just call me Rhodes."
“What have you done with her!”
She knows he’s lying and he knows they are both thinking of sparkly barrettes.
Natasha didn't wait to be asked twice, catching the object effortlessly as she rolled onto her feet and staggered toward Tony with impressive speed when he could tell just by looking that something was terribly wrong with her knee.
“I see you intend to be childish about this.” he scolded and Tony let his eyes widen.
“Fear?” he laughed humorlessly at T’Challa in response. “Fear of what?”
“Stark are you there? Ironman do you copy?” Steve was still trying on the comm and Clint was resolutely thinking only of the battle ahead and not of the multitude of things that could go wrong before they reached the private facility in upstate New York.
"Thor wants to make up for his bat-shit brother and Cap wants to spend five minutes with me like he wants a bullet to the head, but he's lost everything else and hey, at least I look like my old man even if I don't measure up. Bruce doesn't want to be afraid of breaking a city every time he goes into fight and Clint wants a family that can't abandon him. I get it. I don't even blame you half the time but I can't!"
"Like my name?" He asks and Antonia laughs, pulling him into a great big hug.
"I was worried you might take that attitude Stark."
"Good morning Judas."
“You’re going with her small pint.”
“There are thirteen tribes that make up the nation. That makes thirteen chieftains whose respect the king has to demand. It has been the tradition for the king to take more than one wife. Isn’t that right?” the fel asked, a satisfied smirk on his lips as Prince T’Challa blinked at him, not quite able to hide his shock.
“Princess.” She answered with an exaggerated pout. “It’s what everyone calls me. I hate it but I’m afraid if you tried to call me anything else I wouldn’t know you were talking to me.”
~*~*~
There was dried blood on her hands he realized with alarm, but his eyes roved her whole body and didn’t see any evidence of injury that could produce that amount of blood. It was only when he glanced wildly around that he noticed the familiar object on the floor. It was his arc-reactor, along with its casing and wires.
“No,” he explained slowly and poignantly in that way he knew irritated her. “Because he’s just a kid and this is hard enough on everyone as it is. We’ve got to take care of each other and that means not being a dumbass and just asking for help when you need it.”
Devi always brings silks and spices from India with him on his boat. He's impressed with how quickly Tony is picking up Hindi. Each time he comes to port he brings Tony new words and new stories about India.
Screw that! Her parents, her aunts and uncles, they should have known better. All those lectures about family, about Pride, only when it had mattered they’d chosen sides just like they’d always warned her not to do. It had been so confusing watching her tight little family come apart, divisions forming left and right where there had never been division where she could see it before. The arguments. The fights they all thought they were doing such a good job hiding from her and her cousins. Idiots.
Bruce blinked in surprise. For Tony that had been pretty tame. And Bruce wasn't the only one to fix their eyes on Tony as if waiting for the punchline but the other kat had his eyes so firmly fixed on the television the focus could only have been to avoid having to look at anything else.
A muffled groan eked out of his rescuers (non visible) mouth.
“I’ve known the Osbornes a long time.” Tony informed him conversationally, swishing his long beautiful tail lazily behind him. “There probably aren’t a lot of people left that remember your Grandfather Nathan Parker used to work for old Alton Osborne as a driver, or hearing of a scandal involving Alton’s son Amberson cheating on his wife with some woman who nobody ever learned the identity of.”
Steve was like that. Deceptively wholesome. Seemingly harmless. He wasn't.
"Almost literally?"
He heard voices – Steve, calling his name. Natasha and Clint. Thor. Others. People were singing. The words foreign, carrying the weight of years.
"Naturally,” Tony mimicked her prissy tone. "You're going to make a sizeable donation to the Resilience Rehabilitation Center. You're also going to complete construction for me at a discount that could get you elected for sainthood – so I guess you could say you’re actually going to pay
The woman's tail swished lazily and at first it did not seem as if she would answer, and Tony wasn't the only one pissed off by that.
"Was that necessary you she demon?" Tony grumbled, holding his ear tenderly as he sank back into his seat.
He had no time to puzzle it out because these kids were fast, and they didn’t waste a single moment.
He’d asked JARVIS where to find Steve and had been informed that Steve was waiting for him in the Penthouse with dinner.
Observing the flow of the battle, Tony was sure he was the key. Take off the head and the body will follow.
He cleared his throat of the curious lump that had gathered there (because he’d never been good with the mushy shit and nobody gave it permission to hang around anyway) and pressed a soft kiss to her cool cheek.
And they might be running out of moments. So hey, not Tony's ideal scenario but when had his life ever gone completely according to plan?
“New plan.” Tony rasped aloud, clutching his chest for a moment more until the pain had eased to something manageable. He gestured for Harley to come and the kit scampered closer wordlessly. “Get upstairs. Lock yourself in your mothers room and don’t come out until I tell you to. Got it?”
"Kats in heat can be a bit much... " Bruce ventured softly. Tony was a bit much on a good day. Never mind when he was going into heat. "Earlier you seemed, uncomfortable."
"You know Tony in some circles of thought, the search for knowledge is thought to be as close to the divine as man can get. What do you think of that?"
“Drink this.”
Sam was nodding and Steve noted with amusement that his back had straightened unconsciously, his voice strong and filled with pride as he answered.
The desert. The forest. A street in Brooklyn. A table in a sparse kitchen, with a strange woman washing a dish at the sink.
Beside Tony Steve continued to breathe deeply, saying nothing for a long pregnant pause until, like the flip of a switch he was suddenly all business.
She didn’t say what was looming in the back of her mind. They’d had the help of earth 1204’s T’Challa and some of the leading minds in Wakanda and they’d still not perfected the device. Maybe with more time they would have, but they’d run out of it, and now it was left to the twelve of them. And as Jaime had already pointed out. They were just children. She could feel Jaime staring at her from across the table. He probably knew what she was thinking.
Natasha's thoughts echoed his, a strange feeling of sadness to them that he could only wonder at.
“You’ve played it down, but lets not be trite here Nicky. Let’s review the facts,” Tony began to tick off on his fingers. “We know they’re heavily populated by Alurio and that their ruling family is intermarried with their largest Pride. They hid their entire country for centuries to avoid being conquered by foreign powers and likely enslavement. My father stumbled upon their borders unknowingly in his younger years, and in return for their hospitality he robbed them.  And lastly, the rest of you only found out they existed when Klaw acquired some of my dad’s old things and got the idea to retrace his steps and try to steal more of their shit.”
The doctor was next to Bruce again, ready to put the IV line in it looked like, only she was kind of just standing there looking lost.
“What’s it to you?” The kid scowled with the kind of stepped on pride that answered all of Tony’s questions. The kid looked small and thinner than he should be even from here, but it could be the obscene number of layers he was wrapped in. Like he was preparing to spend a lengthy amount of time in the middle of a falling down shed freezing his ass off.
TUESDAY
"Tony usually is."
"You see To-" but Tony wasn't in the mood to hear it and slammed a couple of slugs into the guy's chest. It probably wouldn't kill him but it would slow him down.
They were going to lose Tony realized, if they didn’t change their strategy. Not once had any of team Wakanda attempted to go after their flagbearer. They attacked a single target as a group, dividing and scattering only when needed to come back again in full force like a relentless tide. How did the manage such unified silent cohesion? Pack hunting, it clicked suddenly in Tony’s head. The Avengers were a team, but they relied heavily on the individual strengths and skills of each member. These people, they learned to hunt as a symbiotic group following a strict chain of command. If Tony took out the head, the next in line would just take his place. No, the answer was to weaken the body, and not by utilizing the same methods of attack. The opposite actually. Do the thing they’d never do.
The probability of Tony or Natasha crawling into bed with one of the toms they did trust was high, so Bruce just kept a metaphorically open door policy and was grateful that the other guy seemed fond of Tony.
And then, with a small intake of breath, her eyes met his once more with something naked and fearful swimming in them. Her lips parted and she began to speak.
It was almost comical how dumbfounded the mercenaries looked when he appeared in the hallway walking toward them as casually as if they were expected for a Christmas get-together, only seeming to count him belated as a danger when he raised his palm, but by then it was already too late. Blasting a hole through something had never felt so good.
“Among the Alurio it was custom when invited into a foreign Queen’s territory to come with offerings. One had to step very carefully. An offense could easily result in a loss of limbs or a war between Prides. So, as a symbol of admiration and willing submission this dish was prepared to bring with the offerings. It can take weeks to fetch the right ingredients, and it was thought that the rarer the fish caught for the meat the more honor given to the ones it was served to.”
God, he just wanted… no, Clint swallowed thickly, he needed this whole pride thing to work out.
The soldier mouths the word silently, marveling when its meaning and the memories attached to it don’t float away. It’s his now. He doesn’t know what knowing it changes, but it tastes like power in his mouth.
“Okay. None of this explains why you and Steve are the only ones still seeing things you shouldn’t be seeing. We can’t just assume this is going to go away anymore.” Tony pressed, because it had to be said.
The phantom snarled, and it truly was a phantom because with all a five of them there its form was rippling and warping, as if it couldn’t decide which form to take. It went from resembling Barnes to looking like a stern faced woman with dead eyes and the next it resembled Howard, and following that Loki.
"She said the broth could show us any possible future." He settled with. "So if you were on an Island with a mate, then it's possible."
“Before you start in Stark you should know that I was against the operation from the start. It was out of my hands.”
“Walsh. Any relation to supreme court justice Walsh?” Natasha asked, eyes narrowing on the frozen image.
Thor had said exactly that during his last visit, while playing keep away from Dummy's pinchers. The seemingly simple comment had sparked an idea in Tony's thoughts, something he was convinced was the key to solving his issues with Extremis.
“My names Winky!” Patches insisted indignantly and Tony scoffed.
"But unfortunately last night's shit show has only reinforced people's fears that kats with claws are dangerous and can't be allowed immunity to govern themselves. I intend to show them  otherwise, but it would help me out if the next time you feel like bathing in the blood of your enemies, you got a stress ball instead."
“Coincidentally, you’re right. This time around it wasn’t my idea to go digging for Harvey’s dirty secrets.” Tony revealed before calling out. “Bring Miss Nichols in J.”
When his clumsy infantile fingers accidentally meet the teeth of a saw Mama yells and tells Papa he needs to put a lock on his shop. He does.
In which Bruce gets it right and everything promptly goes wrong. Natasha saves the day with a little bit of help from an unexpected accomplice. But getting Tony free is just the beginning of their troubles... Good thing Natasha loves trouble.
“Tony can't handle the truth so we just lie to him? Is that how we protect our friends?"
“Tony, that’s my entire point. You can’t go through an invasive completely experimental procedure like this and not accept that it’ll be putting an already at risk pregnancy at greater risk.” Bruce sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “If there even is a child to consider. We need to test you, and depending on the answer you and Steve need to have a serious talk about how you want to move forward.”
A queens consort should be their balance, and typically they're the one to lead the troops. Fury hadn’t been subtle when he’d thrown them all together and named Steve team captain. What he wants is obvious but you can't just mash people together like puzzle pieces and expect everything to come together how you like.
Tony allows his lips to spread into a smile.
As relief flooded through him Tony's startled shout turned into a feverish laugh and he whooped out loud as they banked hard, skimming along the roofs of abandoned cars in the street at breakneck speed until suddenly they were pulling up, Catman's giant silver wings flaring outward with tips glowing a dazzling electric blue.
T’Challa nodded slowly, not speaking for a long moment before his ears twitched and then drooping slightly he sighed, “Okay.”
Killian screamed, dropping the needle in his hand as a bullet went through his arm and Tony's heart slammed in his chest as the warehouse erupted in screams, the lab technicians either ducking behind tables or making a run for it as the hired security drew their weapons and began returning fire at a dizzying blur of black and red that Tony's stunned senses didn't put together as Natasha until she had a beefy security guy locked between her thighs and was flipping him to the ground.
Natasha closed her eyes and sighed in the sudden heavy silence that followed.
Nyota shrugged, but tried to muster a smile for everyone.
“It’s 2014, right? But T’Challa just got here, and my dad is still consort.”
Anthony? Nobody had called him Anthony since his parents died. He
Wanda. Desperate. He can feel her and Pietro now, their pain reaching through the fog, louder than any command in his head. Someone or something is hurting them. He snarls, the sound ripping out of his chest with a flash of bared teeth. Wanda and Pietro are his, and he can’t let – won't let, anything happen to them!
"How?" He immediately asked, because for Tony it would always be about how.
So not light work, by any means. Helen had passed out on the couch sometime early morning with Bruce (the white ear twitching as she slept while her black one remained curiously still) but Tony had used the sleep break to keep working on another little project he had going.
Rhodey was right. He’d come here tonight with a purpose and he was losing sight of that purpose.
After the hit on OSCORP had nearly gotten her and Jaime tangled up in a spider’s web, they knew they needed to find an easier way to work surface side. Cousin Peter was so much more of a pest in the past than she ever would have guessed.
That was why together they had been so strong.
“Yes.” Tony took a slow sip from the literal goblet at the edge of his plate without breaking eye contact. He knew she’d see it as weakness. He lowered the goblet back to the table with a thunk and finished.
Natasha prompted, already scrambling up the side of the column, reading his affirmation over the bond without Tony having to so much as say a word of agreement. Halfway up she dug her front claws deep into the plaster striking the steel center with a clang.  She propelled herself backward, using the traction from her claws as they ripped through plaster and drywall, in order to swing herself around to kick the assassin firmly in the backside.
Natasha shuddered and Tony's arms tightened around her protectively.
"Hey no, he's not the thief," Tony interjects before Yinsen or the driver can stop him, slipping his small body between the officer and the young man he intends to arrest. The negro boy is glaring stubbornly at the officers but his body is trembling against Tony's back and he's suddenly frightened. What will happen to this boy if the police take him away? He's read Crime and Punishment so he has a fair idea.
“Be careful Iron Man, the feral is armed!” One of the officers called out, but Tony ignored him in favor of the urgent voice that filled his head at the same moment.
"Can we remember that I didn't take the deal. " Fury reiterated forcefully, as if the more forcefully he said it the quicker they would understand. Tony was shaking. His heart was pounding too hard and his blood felt hot as it rushed to his head, leaving him with the strange feeling that he was literally about to combust and blow his own head off like one of Clint's cartoons.
“Still probably better safe than sorry. Not exactly a good idea for someone I don’t trust to rush at me with something pointy.” Bruce pointed out and the two shared a small smile, Helen squeezing his wrist gently as she finished taping the IV to his wrist.
"God, listen to you. Does that work on the fels back home? Don't answer that. You're sickening."
“If I may? Wakanda is a warrior culture and I’m afraid my Dora Milaje are not used to such a quiet lifestyle. They would likely enjoy the chance to watch your practice.”
Tony was sure of a few things: Catman was a highly trained, expensively outfitted and one hundred percent feral operative. No, Tony hadn’t been able to smell him through that suit of his but he was certain just the same, and before anybody accuses him of thinking with his hormones, it should be remembered that he watched the guy slice up his ex-boyfriend in under thirty seconds. Domesticated the guy is not.
He'd never taken it all that seriously, but for some kat's the pageant life was everything. And why not? Kitties with pedigrees and who put trophies in their owners hands lived privileged lives, and were almost guaranteed to be bred with someone equally pedigreed (if not always tolerable).
As he spoke Tony flicked through the designs he’d drawn up, draft after draft, becoming more confident with each word spoken as he watched his vision unfold and Darren’s mouth slowly drop open. Of all of it, he was most excited about the company, if only because it meant building from the ground up. A company for Gata run by Gata. Scientists like Bruce and engineers like him who had been regulated to background roles or who never expected to receive credit for their contributions would lead the way. There were already a good number of them working within SI as it was and he was confident he could wrestle a few more token minds away from his competitors with enough time. And most promising of all was the generation of young hopefuls who hadn’t grown up with the status-quo unchallenged. Kits who had fought hard for their educations who would jump at the chance at real meaningful work. You know what they say. If you build it they will come.
Thank you guys so much! You give me life, and I'm really sorry this is so late. I moved this weekend and one thing after another popped up and it just didn't get done. On top of that the holiday is coming and I'm flying to my parent's place for the holidays so this was never gonna get done unless I split up what was originally going to be a thick chapter completing the IM3 arc. Which means another cliffy. I'm so sorry. But I do plan on posting the rest on Sunday on schedule. (*cross your fingers*)
He was a quite baby. At first. According to his mother he slipped into the world with minimal fuss, staring in wide eyed confusion at the bright lights and the faces of the doctors and nurses, discomfited by the changing of hands, but easily captivated once more by the first sight of his mother’s face.
“It’s frustrating. Cint was right about him being a ghost story. All we’ve found so far are threads.” Steve grumbled, his frustration and sadness calling to Tony. It was harder than ever these days to ignore the urge to bond.
He didn’t like the thought of Tony being semi-conscious through the ordeal. Steve had been fully conscious when they’d injected him with the super soldier serum; had to be for one reason or another that he barely remembered anymore. He remembered the pain though. That he’d never forget. The feeling of a thousand knives stabbing at him, muscle and bone stretching and snapping and then fusing back together in an electric rush. It was lucky he couldn’t puke, else he’d probably have choked on it.
He hissed when the guy moved suddenly, but it was only to present his hands toward Tony, wrists up and fingers fisted together.
"What happens if his body rejects the compound." He looked meaningfully at Tony. "What if Extremis decides it doesn’t like you drilling holes in your body end injecting yourself with alien biotech?"
IF CAPTAIN ROGERS BELONGS TO BUCKY BARNES THEN YOU MUST ACCEPT THE FACT THAT BARNES MAY NOT CHOOSE TO VOLUNTARILY RELINQUISH HIM TO YOU. YOU MUST BE PREPARED TO TAKE, AND IF YOU LEAVE YOUR ADVERSARY ALIVE YOU MUST ACCEPT THE FACT THAT YOU LEAVE A DOOR OPEN FOR BETRAYAL.
She met Tony on the stepping stairs of the Sting-Jet, because while not as roomy as some of the bigger jets in the Avengers arsenal the Sting made up for it in speed and state of the art cloaking technology, which she preferred on stealth missions. Officially it was called Sting because it was small with bite, like a bee, but really, Tony was just a nerd and couldn't resist the Lord of the Rings reference.
Even now as an adult he thinks Vonkov didn’t mean to go as far as he did, that he might have stopped if Tony had cried out or begged an apology. But with each hit Tony’s lips clamp tighter. Her refuses to make a sound through the whole thing, even though there are tears running down his face and his backside feels like it’s on fire. He bites through his lip.
Ah, Thor nodded slowly. He understood the nature of such wishes. He hung his ornaments this year with the same wish in his heart as the last, and he would continue to do so until fate saw fit to grant it. Loki might be lost to him for many more years to come, but Tony was not lost. Not yet.
Steve had gritted his teeth and tried not to think about what they’d do if one or both of them didn’t pull through this. He didn’t think… he didn’t think he’d be able to pick up their pieces, because he wasn’t sure there would be enough of him left and that was, a hard thing to realize about yourself. They were all being held together with tape and glue, and there was just no coming back after a hit like that.
Oh and look a bonus. Come chat up the fiercest, baddest, social experiment since that guy dressed like a tiger spent a month in a cage: the Avengers! Watch out for the Russian. I hear she bites.
"You can't damage him Killian. That wasn't part of the deal." The tom said, ignoring Tony yanking at the restraints on his arms and legs and demanding to be let free.
JARVIS had woken him the minute the facility had been breached, and even though Bruce had wanted him to wait for the rest of the team Tony had suited up and pushed the suit faster than was wise to reach the facility in a record amount of time. The others would catch up or they wouldn’t, but Tony couldn’t waste precious minutes waiting.
He already knew what the bastard was saying.
While Tony wouldn’t go so far as to call them experts he felt they had a fair grasp on how Extremis was supposed to work and where it didn’t, even if they were no closer than Maya to figuring out why it didn’t and how to fix it. He’d taken a break briefly to receive a call from Pepper, who had sent over the personnel list he’d asked for.
Steve opened his mouth to suggest that maybe it wouldn’t be such a bad idea for Jena and the kit to leave until Tony was through the worst of it, but at that moment a strange prickling at the back of his neck captured his attention.
“Even then, the device isn’t exact enough for us to pick when in the timeline we wanted to jump to.” Nyota reminded everybody. She was thinking quietly to herself, franticly trying to come up with a solution that worked and running into the same unwanted conclusion.
It’s not that long though before Tony’s figured out how the tools work and he’s never been that content with sitting.
Next up, a door has opened in the soldier's mind and this annoying asshole Tony keeps walking through it. Ivan is supposed to kill Nick Fury and launch Project Oversight, but Tony keeps bringing up shit that doesn't matter like hot dogs. Wanda says there's a man inside his head, camped out like those martians Bucky used to read about in books he used to read. Who the hell is Bucky anyway?
"That's pretty heavy man."
(God, I was full of myself.)
Of course Steve didn’t understand why he was so pissed off. Why would he? He wasn’t the one constantly denied humanity and reduced to a dangerous animal. He wasn’t the one who had to simper and batt his eyelashes on cue to appease the masses when the question at hand was whether or not he and everyone like him should be caged like tigers in a zoo.
Natasha, already outfitted in some of Sif's training gear, was beside him, similarly taking stock of the weaponry on display but for entirely different reasons. She didn't stop her work, but her ears lifted betraying her curiosity.
“And?” Clint pressed when Thor trailed off and the Asgardian sighed, his brow furrowing pensively.
“With all due respect,
“How’s T’Challa
"Okay so you being a tom and all, the kit thing is probably off the table; but there's always adoption. Do you think Agent prefers the term guardian or parent? Which one makes you feel less like a creepy flesh merchant with a furry fetish do you think?"
Why waste the tax dollars? Defective animals get put down. Period.
And normally he'd be all sorts of angsty and competitive about that, but he was about to be a splatter on the concrete a second ago so he was kind of in love with them instead; he resolved himself to finding whoever was behind their design and send them a fruit basket. Not to mention offering them loads of money to come work for SI.
“You misunderstand me,” T’Challa replied with a slow shake of his head. “In a real situation like that you would never have let anyone else be on that bridge but yourself. Though it would be a foolish and ultimately selfish move for a Queen to make, that is the nature of who you are.”
For a moment Tony thought the low hiss that filled the air was escaping from his mouth but no, he realized with shock as his eyes flew to Princess. It was coming from her.
Most of the team laughed, and even Natasha cracked a smile but Tony shuddered and shook his head.
The kit has been to this corner store what feels like a million times, but (he) knows that’s wrong. He doesn’t know this place, or this kit, or why (he’s) wearing his skin. But it feels good. The kit is young in a way that is felt in the bones, unburdened by years of training and the weight of hands that have taken life again and again and again.
Friends. Tony swallowed tightly.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Neither was I." Bruce groaned and Tony thought he looked very green, but not at all for the usual reason.
“I don’t have a two-by-four. Tell me, do you always turn to such violent measures when you can’t sleep?” He asked, fishing through Tony’s cupboards with purposefulness, comfortable, like he got invited into a billion-dollar penthouse every day. Then again, he was royalty, Tony thought with a snort. Jesus, how had they ever thought this guy was some poor kid from the congo?
He's tall and on the hungry side of lean but he's got broad shoulders and a sturdiness to his frame that tell Tony he's probably a good worker. He's what Hughard would call prime stock, the sort of man he'd hire in a blink to do the heavy work at the Yard, except for his skin is darker. Darker than anyone else Tony has seen. He's a negro.
Without warning the tom struck, whirling in a tight circle as her bladed tail lashed out in a movement that would have decapitated an unarmored foe and Thor's whole body clenched but he kept still, watching as Tony raised his arm to block the strike and the tent filled with the loud echo of metal striking metal.
"Not quite true." Tony turned back to his console, instructing the program he'd been working on while Helen and Bruce had slept. "See I figured, once I got a close look at that knife, that his suit if made of a similar vibranium alloy could absorb energy like Cap's shield. I also figured for the fact that toms will be toms, and this one in particular likes playing with his food."
"Remind me to send her a fruit basket. Any chance you'll let me drive?"
They both looked at him and waited. Lambs, at the mercy of a sentimental butcher. They’re both bruised and littered with cuts, but thankfully all of them look shallow.  Even the cut on Pietro’s head had stopped bleeding, but he’d need bandages and antiseptic.
“Steve you said it yourself, you were in his head and he felt you there. That’s not a dream, that’s a bond at work.” Tony refuted, and Steve’s eyes widened momentarily as he took that in, working his jaw as he thought it through, but after a moment he was shaking his head again stubbornly, snapping.
He's free to be his own man and nobody's going to call him a bad kitty for it. Tony is what the public likes to call a bad kitty (in the best and worst way) and normally he doesn't give too much of a fuck, except you should see what certain factions like to do to bad kitties.
Increased disruption of solitude had stress levels down, blood pressure evening and hormone levels at a balance he’d not observed since before the gamma blast that should have killed him and had created his feral alter-ego instead.
"But lets talk about the realities for a moment. The reality is that no matter how carefully we vet these families, it is a leap of faith we take with every placement we make. We have been given no choice but to rely on a system that says we are not the masters of our own lives, or our own bodies. We are told never to ask ourselves how we can rely on the good character of the same people who see no issue in owning us, and when that character fails the law does not protect us.”
had swept into the room and loomed over him.
“Don’t tell anyone.” Peter repeated, because it was clear that Tony knew everything. Had known it all along. “I’ll do whatever you want.”
The smaller one (the female if Helen was right) raised a hand in a very familiar stance. Tony didn’t have time to finish crying out a warning as an electro-magnetic pulse shot from her gauntleted palm. Clint was fast though, fast enough to get off a shot before that blast hit him, but their enemy was prepared. The other mercenary jumped in front of his partner and in a shocking burst of red and blue light a shield appeared out of a circular hub on his wrist. Clint’s arrow appeared to incinerate as it attempted to pass through the energy field.
He didn't resent her for it, really. He just hated the feeling of helplessness that followed each event and the emotional exhaustion it left them both in.
“Hello, Ayeba,” Father greets her with a smile and a familiar endearment, and for a moment her gaze is soft for him as she returns his kiss, but she’s stern once more when she pulls away and at last speaks.
“The best I can invent. Haven’t gotten it perfect on the lead in but they do the trick for the cleanup; but enough about my jacked up reproductive cycle. Let’s talk about something really sexy, like this baby here.” Tony patted the gleaming side of the Cradle and let his hand run over its smooth metal surface.
The longer he stared at her the more sure Tony became that the Kǫtrdýr had to be the inspiration behind Catman’s costume, but it only opened up further mysteries. Like how the tom even knew they existed.
It doesn’t matter that in his earliest memories, Hughard teaches him the basics of engineering or that his father had once held his hands and delighted in their accomplishments, because he’d done all of that with such high hopes for Tony.
He doesn’t need to know if Natalia was truly real to feel the pain of her loss. The message imprinted itself in his bones.
“I did know… “ Tony murmured bitterly. He had known. Those people in his dream had told him he needed strength or he’d die. So he’d taken it from the others.
“People make too much of things that are not their business,” the aging woman scoffed. “Sometimes I think I couldn’t love my sweet Rumiko any more, but who is to say if she weren’t a strapping tom that I wouldn’t find myself carried away by my affection?”
"Like hell." Tony was cursing. "What the fuck do you want Ty? If you're trying to breed me again it's too late. I don't know what daddy told you but my heat already passed."
Steve heard gunshots over the comms and winced. Any hope he had that they could rescue McKenzie Walsh and apprehend those kids who were in way over their head without any fatalities was rapidly decreasing. Steve had put Bruce and Thor on civilian evacuation because this wasn’t the sort of operation that required heavy hitters and the last thing anyone needed was Hulk raging through the mall. Even so, there was still a distressing number of innocent people between them and whatever was happening on the upper levels that involved gunfire.
Like a medical practice on an island. Just to throw one out there.
Nyota stuck two fingers in her mouth and whispered sharply for quiet. When all eyes were on hers again she sighed.
The pride wasn’t going to work if those two didn’t work (because Bruce was pretty sure there was going to be blood if those two didn’t work).
“Atta girl Jo! Everything in existence is happening right now! You’re not going to find it the usual way. Look above, below, behind, whatever you have to do baby girl!”
"Aye, it is a wedding tradition among the Kǫtrdýr to hunt for the Benu... it is like a type of bird, native of their homeworld Múspell. I believe our sorcerers have worked diligently to open up a window between our great forests and attract some of the beasts inside."
To their shock the woman’s mouth fell open, revealing sharply pointed teeth, and a loud chittering noise erupted from her throat.
“All the more reason I should be there. Mom’s powers are too strong. You can’t take her by yourself.”
Steve held still, letting her soft scent tickle in his nose as her lips pressed even softer against his cheek. He hoped he wasn’t turning pink. She withdrew after a moment and stood, her warm fond little smile completely at odds with her words as she replied, “I’m not human Rogers. I’m Gata. Which is why the bitch is dead.”
“You must relax or you will be joining our fallen friend.”
She got several photos of the event but she couldn't see enough from her location to capture any clear faces. Perhaps it was a wounded comrade but it was more likely that she'd just witnessed the transport of another test case. Getting inside the facility tonight had just become a top priority. She had a feeling this was pay dirt.
The haze didn’t fade until after Tony’s been cornered by some chick with a bad haircut who has a glowing tattoo eating at her skin. She’s burning from the inside though he couldn’t smell the wrongness of it through the suits filtered air.
Clint visibly tensed, and Tony forced a smile.
"Stark, are you nuts?! Get back in the suit! Thor!"
He had people to take care of, villains to hunt down, and Maya’s research to pick through. He and Bruce had been in and out of each other’s labs the last twenty-four hours and not for the first time Tony was grateful that he was no longer the only resident genius in the tower. Tony was a quick study but Bruce had a stronger background in the squishy sciences than he did.
Sighing, he squirmed, wincing and wrinkling his nose when he realized there was still a medical issue dildo up his ass – which, let me tell you, is by far from the most unusual way he’s woken up, but it wasn’t the most comfortable (or pleasurable feeling) the morning after when he was stiff, sore, and hungry on top of it.
Tony'd grappled for one and dove for Bruce, apologizing profusely as he jabbed the needle into his arm and trying not to piss himself when Bruce's face contorted with rage and his eyes flashed a violent green.
He asked, but Tony wasn’t at all surprised by the silence he received in return.
“Master Osborne didn’t make that!”
“Nothing.” Rhodes heaved a small sigh. “Officially, everything is talk at the moment and Tony if I did know more than that I couldn’t tell you.”
“There’s some pretty nasty customers following us so you might want to scram Small Pint.”
"You heard the man Tony. You should relax kitten." she heard Stone say and watched coldly as he slipped a hand into the soft strands of Tony's hair, the way she liked to do because it always made him go soft and warm and almost pliable in her hands; because she knew Tony liked it and such gestures were rarely given to him and Natasha rarely found herself in a position to offer them that wasn't a hundred percent about manipulation.
Tony nodded, relaxing back into his chair, content to let her take the reins of getting the contracts signed. He really could not have put it better himself.
An appreciative smile was pulling at the medic's mouth as he answered.
Natasha was suspicious of the fact that he’d bonded so quickly with the intern, but weirdly (even to himself) Tony just couldn’t find it in himself to feel the same. He couldn’t explain it. He just knew on some instinctual level that she was meant to be his.
The tv mounted on the wall opposite of Steve’s hospital bed was dark and blank but he used extremis to keep a steady stream of news coverage playing in the back of his mind. All of the outlets were playing variations on the same theme. The authorities had apprehended two weaponized ferals after a botched kidnapping attempt. Captain America had been rushed to the hospital in critical condition. State of emergency. Stay in your homes. An emergency stay at home order was now in effect for all Gata. Violators would be apprehended by animal control on sight.
His body was trying, which was why he had such a strong craving for fish all the time now. Bruce had figured out just how much energy his body was putting into self-management every day to figure out the kind of nutritional intake he'd need to sustain that kind of performance and the results spoke for themselves.
“This one here is crazy as they come.”
~*~*~*~
You already know what happened after that.
“Tony the authorities aren’t interested in investigating AIM and you know that means a great deal of money must be exchanging hands somewhere.”
She'd been dealing with the media practically since the alarm had gone off upstate, and doing her usual bang-up job of it too, but they'd both expected Christine to push back like this. She never had forgiven Pepper for that trash jibe. Rhodey kept warning Tony to stop sticking his dick in crazy and one of these days he was going to listen.
Steve just stares at him, lowered eyelashes spiked with moisture making the hunger in them look sleepy, and Tony’s gut clenches with a stab of want. He takes a step forward and in the space of a single breath it seems, Steve’s hands are on him and he’s being pulled into that spray and then his back slaps against cool tile and Steve’s mouth is on his.
“I can’t leave you alone for a minute can I?”
Frowning petulantly for her amusement, Tony cast his eyes toward her right side where he knew the wound was, silently asking for permission. Wordlessly she lifted the edge of her shirt, revealing the neatly stitched skin beneath. She’d heal faster than a human might, but a gunshot wound was a gunshot wound. Tony winced at how close the shot had come to puncturing a lung.
He knew you couldn't count on the bank not crashing or the man in the suit promising you things would get better, but you could count on your neighbor for a bottle of milk and on your men to have your back. He depended on the goodness of others so fundamentally that unraveling him would be as simple as waking him up to the reality of the world around him, a place she knew to be populated by monsters.
Tony looked up again from the quickly disappearing liquid gold in his bowl to laugh.
“Oh shit is right. We gonna do this the hard way or the easy way?”
“I think that luring the boss to upstate is a perfect opportunity for a super spy I know to take a look around the crib. See what he’s been up to.” Tony said, just as JARVIS alerted him that the team was on their way.
“It works doesn’t it? I mean yeah it sucks, maybe you lose a couple billion people on earth, but if you don’t then you lose two whole universes. You know how many people die in that scenario?”
“Your walls are down, and you are thinking loudly. It was a strong dose of Pipa.”
Natasha shifted, turning to slowly lower herself onto the bed across from him. He watched her as she flipped through the next few pages, memories from that Christmas long ago and so many more before she finally looked up at him, some calculation flashing through her eyes.
And then he can’t delay any longer. His mission has ended. He says they will send people after them if he does not return to his masters. He rises, gun in hand, blue eyes blank and dark. They know he means to kill them. They don’t cry.
It has to be said right? The girl’s mixed and Tony’s oldest and closest friend is a black male. A guy whose future children Tony has already set aside funds for the sole purpose of spoiling beyond all reason, so mystery solved on the ‘why is future!Tony taking home a girl not Steve’s’ front.
“Slow down fierce and mighty hunter. Remember what I said about training wheels. We’ve got to take this one step at a time.”
The most common effect on the brain after being injected with the virus was a ninety percent success rate at recoding the center of the brain responsible for healing.
"Don't force it, Cap."
Satisfied Tony stretched up on his toes (damn the woman’s stupidly high heels) and smacked a kiss on her cheek, grinning as she squirmed under the tickle of his whiskers. “Thanks. You’re the best mommy.”
“I know. I know it’s impossible. I know I promised Tony we’d move forward together, but… Natasha look at him, tell me you don’t see it? I saw that boy and it was like going back in time, only instead of calling my name he was calling me Daddy.”
"I take it back. He's not a conservo-nazi. He's anti-establishment and he's got balls of steel." Clint's mouth spread into a wide beam of excitement, because his favorite sort of kat was the kind of kat who could flip Uncle Sam the bird.
But he needed to set the score. Tony needed time to think through the future when his life wasn’t being immediately threatened and he wasn’t a firework waiting to happen, but he was certain that whatever path he chose it was going to be on his terms. No more playing by Fury’s rules.
“Oh gee, this is so embarrassing but wouldn’t you know, my dance card is already full.” He turned his head pointedly to look back at Steve who was watching them from across the room as if he expected the tom to suddenly go on attack. Tony’s smile softened with fondness as Cap’s eyes met his questioningly and he tossed the blond a reassuring wink.  Steve smiled in relief and started to make his way toward them. Heat twisted low in Tony’s belly.
They were close enough to touch Tony realized as the swirling visions threatened to send him to his knees, but he couldn’t pull them out of their nightmares with so much stimulus at once. He needed help, and even if it was high on the list of things he didn’t want to do he knew that was only pride talking.
Her face crumples, lower lip jutting out as her eyes begin to water. Tony sighs.
Steve just kept smiling at her as he resumed awkwardly unwrapping those bandages still around his torso.
“Agent Romanov, Nakia and Onsa, you have all unfortunately fallen into the lave pit. This ends your time on the field. Please make your way to the observation booth for refreshments.” Tony heard JARVIS instructing the fallen. He didn’t know what to make of the strange surge of elation he felt, confirming that T’Challa had found a safe perch and was still in the game. Just excitement for the challenge, he decided. He’d have been disappointed really if the sacrifice with the bridge would have taken them all out.
He couldn't pinpoint why but something about the way Luke said his name made his chest feel tight.
“It is natural for a tom to mark their partner. It’s a fascinating science. When we are intimate with a fel, the more our brains come into sync, the fels body will respond to ours and produce a matching scent. It is an excellent way for a tom to judge compatibility and to ward off competition. It’s all on the drive I gave you.” He explained, tapping the small disk he’d placed on the table between them at the start of the meal. “I find it particularly calming when a fel I’m interested in wears my scent. It’s less pleasing when that scent changes to match another.”
Fury never outright told him to sleep with Stark or take him through heat but Clint wasn't raised in a shoe box. He was supposed to fuck Tony and get him prego so that they could do it for the kids.
“Tony Stark is dangerous.” She says instead.
If that utterly disastrous mission that had ended with Clint concussed and Steve shot was anything to go by, Fury would say that whatever he’d done to the winter soldier, the winter soldier had earned and then some. But it was of course far more complicated than Fury or anyone else in national security was going to allow.
"Hello Ayeba. I see you got my message."
Tony felt his eyebrows tilt in surprise. Natasha shot him an unimpressed look and he chuckled under his breath. He couldn’t help it. It was still strange. He couldn’t remember another time in his life when he’d been anyone’s number one priority without paying them.
(We can’t change the past.)
Natasha’s thoughts whispered through his as she perched a hip on the arm of his chair and he drew her in close to his side. He pressed his face to the fabric of her shirt and took a slow breath in, allowing her scent and the heat from her body to ground him.
Well, if he kept doing what he was doing Steve wouldn’t have five more minutes.
Pepper was anxious, but she was always going to be anxious about Tony going on the table. It didn’t help that the medical professional most familiar with the squishy bits of science had suddenly been dropped from the endeavor upon Tony’s discovery that he wasn’t who he said he was; but Pepper understood why it was important for him to trust the people in his inner circle. There was a small bit of gratification in watching her be as pissed as he was that Fury had pulled a stunt like this. The one-eyed bastard deserved every bit of hell Pepper could throw at him and Potts had a mean punch.
“Shh, I know.” Tony chuckled, shushing Steve’s protests with a pat of his hand. “Thanks for that, but you’ve got to know before we start that it’s not just about us. This whole bonding thing has real physical consequences. Bucky’s a part of you, and he might not be as keen about making room for me as you are. We’re going to go slow and I’m going to be as careful as I can. I just didn’t want it to take you by surprise.”
Police were reporting that a pair of masked assailants had broken into Oscorp Tower and injured several security personnel. The group had caused some property damage, injured the police who’d arrived on scene and tangled with a masked man, whom locals had taken to calling the Spiderman. It was kind of alarming watching the grainy security footage of the webbed vigilante as he (or she) traded blows with a slight figure in an unfamiliar silver battle suit. It was similar to Natasha’s skin-tight catsuits leaving nothing to the imagination. Steve could see clearly the assailant’s powerful legs and the toned musculature of their arms, as well as the incriminating tube shape of a covered tail.
Steve grit his teeth together but said nothing in reply as the Colonel patted Wilson’s shoulder in a companionable way, still holding Steve’s gaze.
"Korean, actually. I'm learning." Bruce explained but he wasn't about to let Steve deflect the conversation. “You and Tony are  gonna make it official?”
Princess stood up straighter, sharp teeth flashing in a grin as she flicked her tail behind her, swatting at the imagined annoyance.
Nakia nodded, a slight gesture of deference, but glanced toward where Harley sat with his mother.
"To win the heart of a queen you must have the courage to present your own in its entirety, knowing that to be found wanting is to die."
"What?" He snapped and Helen giggled again.
"This was a bad idea." Bruce muttered and Tony could hear him taking deep practiced breaths, fighting for calm.
He was good with physical. Comfortable. He didn’t always know the right thing to say but how you felt didn’t always have to depend on words. Sometimes it was better that it didn’t.
Grandma and Grandpa had been getting on in age, Peter remembered his parents telling him. His uncle Ben, their only child, had almost grown up by then. So people thought it was a little strange for them to take on an infant kit, but nobody had questioned the situation when Nathan had brought home Peter’s father claiming he was a gift for Grandma, who had always wanted more children but struggled after having Ben.
“I don’t understand.” Steve responded, face clouded with confusion. His dread was palpable to Tony, and he knew that part of Steve’s quick mind was already putting it together, even if he wasn’t ready to deal with it. “Tony what’s going on?”
Steve’s mouth tightened and god there it went, the scent of fight thickening in the room. No self-respecting tom liked other toms sniffing around their mate and T’Challa wasn’t exactly being subtle. But to Tony’s surprise Steve just nodded jerkily and said, “I’m sure there’s a lot of business between the Avengers and Wakanda you two still need to talk over. I’m beat so I’m going to hit the showers.”
He’d paid for Peter to go to school and always showed interest in his progress and never stopped him playing with Harry. He and Aunt May were still always invited for the big New Years charity gala the Osbornes always held, and Peter only had to wear the leash Harry had got him before dinner when everybody was still hung up on making the proper impression.
"It's bleak... when you lay it all out like that." Tony was saying in a softer tone. "But we're not going to give up. When they put the lights out you light a fire. Then you build a six bulb with 100,000 watts and tell them to do their worst. So that's what we're going to do. Ladies and gentelkats I am proud to announce that Stark Industries has recently purchased the land to begin our rebuild. I give you Resilience."
grinned at him, proudly proclaiming that the voice belonged to his A.I.
Nyota only glanced up long enough to push her hair out of her eyes and make sure Jaime could see just how annoyed she was with
“But what it really is, is Pride. Welcome to a little healing center I’m calling Resilience. In Resilience, you’ll find comfortable living in a safe clean echo friendly environment focused on community growth and development. They’re not just going to have schools, they’re going to have health care, they’re going to have jobs. Jobs that help sustain their way of life where they aren’t going to be demeaned. Even the lowest janitor is going to know that they’re valued and have a voice on the community council. They are going to sustain their own way of life. What the island can’t do for itself I’ll handle, but the less we have to get from elsewhere the better. Because once we have this, we’ll need to protect it.”
Finding out that his teammates were still having powerful dreams they’d approached Thor about it. His best guess had been that their bodies might not be able to shake off the effects of the Benu's magic as well as Asgardians. Steve had given him an earful. He had a lot to say to Thor about giving the team proper warning before throwing them into potentially deadly situations, without all the necessary information. Even Tony had backed him up on that one, and Tony wasn’t exactly the kind of guy known for caution.
But that night when he made his way to the rooftop he was surprised to find the secluded little spot already occupied.
“Guys, focus. We don’t need to blow anything up. If earth is the collision point, then all we’ve got to do is move one earth out of the way. Don’t you see? We can save the universe. We just gotta keep the earths from colliding.”
"Are you handling the truth?" Natasha, rejoined coolly with a knowing stare before asking how many days he’d spent obsessing about it since Steve had told him.  "How many days have you spent picking at this even after I warned you not to?"
He would say he was less himself at the moment because instead of slouching or trying to blend into the background he was standing straight, ears erect as he listened for every sound, arms crossed, and tail straight and stiff behind him as his eyes tracked their visitors with a green glow. Natasha knew that he was scared of this part of himself, and not without good reason, but privately she thought that this was closer to the true Bruce Banner than the stripped down and shackled version that his masters had created.
"It doesn't look like much but it's a plasma weapon, which is pretty astounding all on its own right?” Tony said, eagerly extending the small silver disk. “But the real wonder of this bad boy is the highly advanced thought recognition software that is running it-"
“Yeah well, that’s mostly because of Mr. Osborne. I’m a kat, my teachers just go easy on me because they’re afraid of losing his money. There’s nothing special about me at all.” Peter lied, setting his jaw stubbornly. Tony snorted, rolling his eyes again and reached inside his suit for his phone.
Steve’s not comfortable with it. He gets this look on his face every time he realizes Tony is using Extremis – like he doesn’t quite know who Tony is anymore. As for Tony, he preferred it this way. Less chance of fucking things up the less
So its been a shitty two weeks, but I enjoyed so much of writing that. Especially my boys together *pinches their cheeks* But please tell me what you thought and distract me from how shitty next week is already shaping up to be. I wish I had six cats to snuggle with lol.
"Christmas isn't Tony's favorite time of year. Can't say it's my favorite either," Clint explained with a groan as Natasha did something with his wounded shoulder (presumably something good, though it was hard to tell by Clint's miserable expression). "All that focus on families you'll never have and those sappy commercials of happy couples getting kits in baskets with red bows under their trees, completely glossing over the fact that some fel out there is never going to see her kid again and that happy couple is probably going to get tired of a crying baby in a week and ship the kid off to the Center for Unclaimed's in a cardboard box."
"You do not sound pleased."
He told himself that it was a stupid thought. Luke had never been anything but civil toward him before and there was no reason for that to have changed.
The kat in the silver suit just barely dodged his fire but he was unable to catch his shield; which rather than spin off into the wall as Tony had anticipated, inexplicably shut off its lasers and receded its spokes back into the hub.
The room fills with the acrid smell of urine.
She was. Every day. Keeping gaze with him she took another bite of her apple.
“JARVIS, is Steve back yet?” Tony wondered aloud. Pale winter morning light was spilling in through the window now and assaulting Tony’s eyes. They’d both had a rough night, waking from nightmares and Tony had wanted Steve to stay in bed, maybe even to talk about it, but Steve had other ideas. Tony had barely managed to pry out of him that his nightmare hadn’t been about Barnes when he’d insisted that he was fine, and despite the early hour he’d abandoned the warmth of their bed for a pair of running shoes in order to literally run away from his problems. Tony snorted darkly at the little joke, casting his eye toward the shower.
"Well thank you, Rhuza Rhodes, for coming to our Tony's rescue. He's talked of nothing else." Ana says with a smile, opening the door wide and beckoning the boy inside. Tony fidgets, torn between nerves that Hughard will walk in any moment and too much excitement to care.
“And are you pleased by this union?”
~*~*~
“Are you alright?” Steve’s voice asked from the doorway, back from his run. And if the sweat dampening that criminally small t-shirt was anything to go by he must have run all the way to Queens and back. He must have been even more rattled by his nightmare than Tony had thought.
Tony blinked in surprise. He could give an entire history lesson truth be told but it had just been a stupid joke. He honestly hadn't been expecting it to go any further.
"Not for free." Natasha replied and Tony's mouth spread into a vicious grin.
“What’s the matter kitty?” the guy taunted in a gravelly voice behind him, still coming fast. Whatever the fuck was happening internally to light him up like a Christmas tree wasn’t helping his voice box any. “Can’t take the heat?”
“Please don’t thank me for respecting your boundaries.”
Tony would take care of
Grinning, Steve reached for his shield calling out, “Avengers! Assemble.”
Close to nightfall when Natasha was going over her strategy to infiltrate the facility one last time, there was a sudden change in the routine. She heard the sound of the chopper before she saw it fly overhead and lower what appeared to be a person on a stretcher down to the guards and the pair of lab techs who'd come rushing out to the roof to meet it.
“Tony!” Tony could hear Steve calling his name and then Bruce was there, louder in his ear and more frantic, as he wrenched his restraints free and yanked BARF’s cables away.
She'd been sick for a couple of years now, but Sarah Rogers had never been the type of woman to let anything slow her down. She still kept up with her work as a nurse at the Youth Home in Pembrook and never missed a Sunday at church. When she’d gone into remission it had almost seemed expected – like of course, she was going to get better – and Steve had almost let himself breathe again and think about things getting back to normal.
I hope you enjoyed this and thank all of those who have taken the time to share their thoughts with me. It has been so encouraging. All my love. -T
"Because Wakanda wants to observe us first before they break their code of isolation and invite us across their borders. They'll be sending people to asses you."
Sucking in a breath Tony pushed past Thor with a curse.
The hunger is thick in the air as the sleek personal jet that can only belong to the visiting prince and his envoy finally comes in for its landing. It’s a gorgeous display of sleek metal and quietly humming power that Tony appreciates right down to his bone marrow. She’s not the biggest aircraft Tony has ever seen but he can spot at least four sets of guns artfully tucked against her body and it’s obvious that it’s intentional. Their showing off their firepower so there won’t be any confusion. The whole landing is an artful display of teeth really. Wealth and power rolled into one gleaming package, and on top of that her engine runs so smoothly she’s no louder than a purr.
"Their king may agree to allowing a UN delegation inside their borders. If it happens it will be a unique opportunity for the world to observe a gata society that developed peacefully alongside baseline humans while maintaining autonomy."
Clint still didn’t trust SHIELD the way he trusted Natasha, the way he trusted Phil. There was nothing he could do to get rid of the fear in the back of his mind that everything wouldn’t be taken away (that Natasha or Phil wouldn’t one day walk away like Barney had, or be taken away).
"Prostitution is illegal in this country you know."
“Those guys weren’t our parents Anya,” Jamie reminded her. “If we change too much about the past here we risk changing the future. We could accidently make it so we were never born.”
Anger jolted through Steve and he took a step toward the woman, but Natasha dug her nails into his arm and it was enough to pull him out of the sudden surge of rage.
Bruce didn’t repeat what would happen if it didn’t. If the Cradle couldn’t heal Tony faster than Extermis tore him down, if Extremis never accepted his new alien fused DNA. Nobody needed him too. If it didn’t work Tony would die right there in that room and there wasn’t much anybody could do to stop it.
And Tony totally did. Other than that one slip with Fury he’d not melted any brains or caused any accidents. He’d successfully bonded with Bruce and Natasha even when he’d been psychically stunted so what could the danger be really?
"It's bearable on my own... Sometimes I invite some fel to stay the week and I even enjoy it, but I can't do that with you. I know how it goes for us. We're bred but we're not parents. Our children are gifts for our masters. We don't get a say in how they're raised or where they're sold.
It was all a game really, and sure by playing he’d earned a reputation as promiscuous and TMZ had run out of ways to spin the buzz words “bad kitty” but pretty hurts and all that.
And maybe he'd never be as good as somebody like Captain America, but having someone like that (like Steve) look at you like they were just holding their breath until they saw you? That might mean maybe he'd gotten there in his own way.
“Tony!” He heard Steve cry out over the coms as he righted himself just before he hit the safety netting, firing off a few rupolsor blasts on his way up just to get Thor dancing again.
“Island?” Steve, ever perceptive at the worst times, questioned curiously from the table as Tony laughed. Pepper shaking her head ruefully at Tony, waved at him to get going before turning to Steve with a pleasant if bland expression and fobbing off some bullshit vagueness about charity ventures. He loved that woman.
“That was weeks ago. It’s cool now. I’ve got it all under control.”
“Nyota’s not crazy! Dad said there was a way they could be stopped! We just have to find it.” Her ten-year-old brother insisted with an intimidating glare. Unfortunately, it was ruined by the fact that he had strawberry preserves smeared over his top lip. T’Cael had never been able to eat without completely massacring his food.
Which one of them did a moment later, exploding in a bright flash and raining down a trail of smoke and debris. He’d got the bastards.
“Well let’s have a look here,” Phil made a humming sound of consideration, reaching for the chart hanging beside the bed and Clint groaned, rolling his eyes. He already knew where this was headed but he let Phil play it out.
The surgery was so high risk it was straddling the threshold of suicidal, and if Tony had been allowed his way, not even Helen and Bruce would be there, except he literally needed them to do the operation. Bruce had been making noises about getting another “real doctor” on hand, but Tony knew that what they all really wanted was the team they’d had before.
“I can try.” He drawled in response and Tony’s heart picked up speed slightly as Steve leaned down to press a kiss against his jaw. “And I’m going to be right here for you.”
His head had finally cleared enough to realize that someone had a hold of him and was yanking him away from his prey. He had just enough time to realize that it was Steve, pushing him back, inserting himself between Tony and
"Hunt?" Steve asked warily, eyes flicking to Thor in question and the prince nodded eagerly.
He'd had less opportunity to study his teammates, but with how often they got injured and how little they seemed to care for actual medical doctors (it wasn’t just Tony, even though he was definitely the worst) Bruce, being the resident (unofficial) biologist, had all of their files and had gotten more than a few peeks at what was going on inside them on a biological level.
“Hi there,” Clint called out to the pair cheerfully. If they gave a response it was too low for Tony to hear but he heard Clint’s chuckle clearly over the comm.
“Hey.” Spiderman, aka Peter Parker, greeted him with a nervous wave. “I uh… was in the neighborhood, walking, I was totally walking, when I- aaaah.”
“I’m glad I’m dead.”
"Now who is selling himself short? I know how hard it is to do what you've done and never get the recognition you deserve." Tony shrugged, self-consciously, looking away to fiddle with some dials on the console that really didn't need fiddling with. "And I wasn't kidding about the paranoia thing. I'd have looked you up either way... I don't trust easy."
“Not sure you’re getting the point here Steve. They aren’t the same thing. Sir doesn’t care if I’m a good man or not just-” Tony stifled the words as his body shuddered, the first true waves of heat washing through him and scattering his thoughts. Sir? He hadn’t called Howard Sir since the man had died, but heat addled the senses. Made you regress to a gooey pile of primal instincts. Made it impossible to defend yourself when someone wanted to take advantage.
"Okay you got me. I assumed."
He could just see tomorrows headline. "Look whose got their claws in Cap!" Oh and the classic, "American Icon catches feline fever!"
The fact was Bruce Banner had been domesticated by his parent. The destruction of certain neurological pathways in his brain made it very difficult for him to express aggression. In an effort to continue the work of Project Rebirth he with supervision from his guardian at the time (General Ross) had attempted to assist a team of scientist in order to develop a serum that would restore those pathways.
“They’re going to want proof Tony.” Captain Killjoy reminded everyone. “How do we prove that AIM continued the project after it was disbanded and that they were the ones behind the attack at the shelter?”
The Asgardian armor she'd attempted to outfit his friends with was loose on Steve in places but some creative cinching and buckling made it do well enough, but Clint and Bruce were not fairing as well.
“Yeah you’d look terrible in ‘em.” Steve said in a way that made it clear this was bullshit, and Natasha just smiled in response. This slow terribly fond expression that Tony couldn’t say he’d ever been on the other end of. Don’t get it wrong. The woman was willing to die for him and they are bonded, so it’s hard for even Tony’s low self-esteem to construe somehow that she’s not fond of him too, if for different reasons and expressed in entirely different ways.
How had his life become an episode of Super Nanny?
The way they remember it, they were living in Sokovia, running small time cons and thieving for the man who ran the heat den they’d called home since their home and all of their family had been blown away during the last outbreak of civil war.
“You don’t remember the horrifying talk our parents gave us about our bodies changing and what happens when a tom meets a fel?”
At the sound of Tony’s interruption Thor smiled, glad that there were still some rewards in life he could count on enjoying more immediately. He suspected that Good JARVIS, Tony’s faithful artificial friend, had had a hand in Tony’s sudden appearance there. JARVIS was what Darcy would call a fretful wart, though without a body Thor wasn’t sure where she drew such a comparison. Nevertheless, the computer did worry and Thor was not above a little manipulation in the name of friendship.
For a moment he wasn’t noticed but then Tony took a breath and -
Thor wasn't gata. He was an alien from an alien planet however, and that was weird enough to earn him a spot on the team. And get this, the gata that populate Midgard aren't the first cat people he's come across.
Tony was keeping one ear cocked on the conversation above and one eye on T’Challa who was literally creeping like a spider as he scaled the underbelly of the bridge, his dark eyes calculating as he watched Tony.
When Tiberius had taken Tony under his wing and guided him through the often vicious waters of the pageant circuit Tony had believed it was because the other kat actually cared about him and not just because Robert wanted to keep tabs on Stark Industries. Stupid. He knows.
Next up Tony and Bruce get their bond on and Fury calls the team in with the news that they have royal visitors. Tony's pissed at the Prince of lies, but diplomacy demands he play nice and Tony's a fabulous actor. Usually. He's really pissed okay? New romance is a nice distraction though, especially when you're healing from a medically revolutionary surgery.
Ty was not a small man but the man in the literal cat suit was menacing. The long powerful line of his legs encased in the strangely supple metal - that if Tony didn't know it was impossible he would have sworn was vibranium – made it seemed like he could tower over anyone,  and the black material (whatever it actually was because it couldn't be vibranium) hugged every ripple and dip of muscle on his body without taking away from the litheness of his frame. And all that aside, he had the thickest, sharpest, looking claws on his hands and feet that Tony had ever seen and they were stained with blood.
Tony was born different, and not just because of the tail and ears. His genius set him apart. The tail and ears only meant that he'd had to fight for everything he's got now; but right, back. We're going back.
“Maybe what they took isn’t something Oscorp wants to explain to the public.” Tony thought out loud. “Norman Osborn’s practically been a recluse the last couple years. He’s been working on some super-secret something or another.”
. Tony knew it without her having to say it. Natasha looked directly at him as if she’d heard the thought but said nothing. He felt like he needed to sit down. If Ivan had made one of the Winter Soldiers credited kills fifteen years ago and the assassin who’d shot Natasha two days ago really had recognized her… that meant Ivan was alive. But how could that be? And how on earth was she taking this so calmly?!
"Bucky?”
Gone are the emperors flags hanging from doors and windows to be replaced by flowers and brightly colored flags whose symbols Tony suddenly needs to know. Even the sea has heeled to the rich smell of baked bread and savory delights that hang in the air. Everyone seems to have dark hair and eyes, and some of them have darker faces than he's ever seen before, and best of all there is an unrepentant air of levity to everything.
“Maybe someone should ask Luke if he feels up to it? He might have valuable insight on the subject.” Natasha suggested dryly.
Grimacing, Nyota flipped up the face mask of the protective headgear she wore and wiped the sweat from her brow. Alright so life had cheated her a bit. Dad couldn’t keep a promise shitty fate took out of his hands, yeah yeah, but screw that. He
Tony had met a true Allurian Prince for fucks sake. Andre Dyson was a
“Has your friend been keeping you up?” Pietro asks, worry evident despite the smirk that attempts to hide it.  Someone somewhere is digging inside Ivan’s mind, and his name is Tony Stark. He’s been running around up there for weeks, and hiding his presence from Wanda would have been impossible so the soldier doesn’t bother to try.
Sarah Rogers was the kind of woman who always had an ear and a kind word, but could make you confess your every sin with just one of her stern looks. She was also pretty well known for opening her home to every lost soul she came across and wouldn’t hear of being called anything but Ma once you crossed her threshold.
“Aye,” Thor raised his mug in hearty agreement. “The mighty Queens of the Kǫtrdýr are much the same. My mother has become well versed in gift giving since befriending Bastet – ”
Smile positively sunny now he reached for the chest, only for Thor to suddenly appear between them to still his hand. The thunder god was wearing a very stern expression as he plucked the little gold chest from the she-tom’s hands, the object looking even smaller in his large hands as he frowned down at the woman.
He's soft and Hughard knows it. Hates it. Tries to press it out of him with growing anxiousness as if Tony is a volatile chemical mixture that the slightest nudge could unleash chaos.
"It’s a shame you don't do the pageants any more. You should see the type of inbreeds they're letting in these days." he drawled with a conspirators smile. "Any real competition I had is gone."
After that mornings revelations Steve was almost happy that Tony had talked the team into a metaphorical corner and they were going to have to spend the afternoon on the practice field. It was probably a good thing anyway, given how long it had been since they’d had an organized practice what with everything.
The battle had died down, the A.I.M agents seeming to lose the will to fight as soon as Tony had blown their fearless leader sky high like someone had flipped a switch (one of them was even blathering about mind control).
“Quite.” Sonia answered succinctly, nodding her head slightly, the light coming in through the window casting a halo around her pale blonde hair.
“How the hell did you get in here?” If there was another entrance to the barn he needed to find it and secure it before AIM found them.
"I bet, if we both gave her a big ol' kiss she couldn’t stay mad. How's that Tony?”
“T’Challa wears the Nehe stone. We can be sure that the Panther God is indeed with us.” She said, continuing after a breath. “The people of Wakanda see it as mystical, but those of us closest to the Queen know that the secret to its power lies not in the stone, but in the Queens who have worn it.
"JARVIS told me you were taking Sting out for the maiden voyage. How're we doing buddy, everything look good in there?" Tony directed the question toward the open door behind her and Natasha glanced over her shoulder into the cockpit where several lights were flashing on the control station.
Ivan flicked his gaze quickly through the window, to Wanda’s location in the bookstore just ahead. She was squaring off with another one of them. This one had a sword, and they were using it to block the streams magic an increasingly frustrated Wanda was throwing at them. Ivan had never seen anyone stand up to Wanda or her magic, but the sword appeared to absorb it with ease, and – and the guy had wings! A huge set of batlike wings, Ivan recognized the unfamiliar sensation of shock as the additions slid out from the back of the enemy’s suit with the sound of sliding metal, lifting the armored kat into the air just in time to avoid the ferocious red wave of crackling energy that Wanda pushed toward them with her palms. He had arial advantage now and still, the kat didn’t charge her.
The flames are spreading and all he can think about is how they should have listened. How they never listen. A snarl rips out of his throat and turns into a roar.
“You took what was given freely.”
Steve took a deep breath.
It paired nicely with Tony's heavier smell and Bruce knew that this close to heat how having another fel around could be comforting. Not in the same way as making contact with a tom, but pleasant none the less.
“No. But I could see my way toward kissing you with it.” Steve answered, and when he was close enough to get ahold of he didn’t waste any time wrapping his arms around the man’s waist. Tony wasn’t a dame but Steve wasn’t such a small guy anymore and Tony just fit really nicely in his arms. He’d be too embarrassed to say so out loud but he liked the way that Tony had to lean up just that slight bit when they kissed.
Nyota shivered, thinking about the device that had nearly torn apart her family - before they'd gone and died on her anyway.
Tony nodded wordlessly, accepting the hand, not wholly surprised by that. Made sense. It was the part of the city Steve knew best and there was probably a lot still here that meant a lot to him.
Because the truth is, he’s not special. His wounds, his tragedies, they’re not because the world has it out for Tony Stark, it’s because he’s gata and he dared to push back. Of course they come for him. They’re always going to.
"Usually it's only the old timers out on the floor when Tanner plays the swing stuff. You two can really cut a rug."
He saw the way she kept glowing brighter, how she felt hotter under his hands, and he remembers the way she smelled in his nose, thick and putrid; but none of it, not even the warning pulse that emanates from deep within her body, could have stopped him.
As Fury had predicted, with the stakes this high claws were coming back into fashion.
“How much for the plums?”
Steve had never seen Clint wear a version of the formal jumpsuit so popular for Gata, but tonight he was. The deep v cut down the center of the black and purple silk, displayed his muscled chest and arms and made the collar he wore around his neck seem like a beautiful ornament. They all knew how Tony felt about them, but he was glad the engineer had not let that keep their friend from something that obviously brought him a great deal of pride.
Tony looks surprised and delighted to hear him speak. In these dreams Tony talks a lot. The soldier never bothers. He knows only that if he’s stuck inside his head, speaking to phantoms, that somewhere out there he might not be paying attention and that is deadly.
On the one hand, being in the middle of a tom pissing contest is exasperating but on the other hand Steve apparently isn’t so mad at him that he isn’t willing to initiate jealous shower sex. So, win? Yes definitely win.
“Your parents were big on adoption weren’t they.” Tony noted, thinking of Thor’s brother who had been taken from the Frost Giant’s for similar purposes.
"Only if it actually works." Bruce responded wryly with a fond smile. "It's just check. It's not checkmate till it's over."
~*~*~*~
"He kept his own name." Phil informed the other tom matter of factly, with no judgment.  He'd asked Clint if he wanted to keep it because he'd known how important it was to him.
Tony laughed, touched by the words and more relieved than he could say that Steve had come around to Tony's decision to go through with the surgery without the battle that Tony had been expecting. Look at that! Communication. Compromise. Maybe this whole finding a mate thing wasn't as difficult as he'd imagined it was going to be. Look at them go.
Getting that look kinda sucked, but Tony could sympathize with his situation. Getting saddled with Gata genes and not so much as a handbook for your troubles wasn’t an easy road to walk.
“This is kind of amazing,” Bruce murmured, aloud. He blinked in surprise, seeming to feel the way all eyes turned to stare at him incredulously and shrugged. “From all appearances, we have at least two feral adolescents displaying high levels of reasoning, teamwork, and competency with none of the physical or mental trauma we normally see in Gata who have gone through some sort of ReAgression training.”
“I’d like to propose a collaboration project with Stark industries. The work you’ve done with nano-technology is astounding. If you could get Ms. Cho to agree to it, I believe our scientists would jump at the chance to assist as she continues her research in regenerating bio-tissue.”
“Is it so hard to believe that we are worried about you? We would not turn you over to
Tony pushed and taking the hint Steve stepped back to meet his furious stare.
Tony couldn't shake his head of those visions either, not the one he'd had in the woods nor the one he'd had in his bed – when love had flowed so strongly between them, when Steve had looked at him with such warm regard.
“You want to go off world? Just like that? No preparation and no plan, just hop into a wormhole and travel to another planet?!” Clint had demanded upon learning of Tony’s plans and Thor had resisted the urge to remind him that Asgard was not only his ally, but they had graciously lent their very prince to his cause; but he could see that there was more to Clint’s reaction than just anger at the presumed danger Tony was willing to put himself in (yet again).
Mrs. Keener screamed and Harley ducked as Tony was pushed back over the table sending the harvested computer crashing to the floor as the bright burst of current crackling in the center of his palm was pushed forward in a bright beam that scattered furniture in the small space and blew a smoking hole in the opposite wall.
“You’ve never taken teeth before Kotyonok,” Natasha admonished, effectively ending Tony’s side stepping.
“Got it in one Jolly Green.” Tony waved Maya’s flash drive expressively as he explained to the others. “We’ve been through the research backwards and forwards. The amount of energy it would take the human body to generate that kind of self-repair – to regrow an entire limb – we’re not built for it. It’s no wonder these guys are lighting up like fireworks.”
“I suppose you were giving cheek again?”
But he's two, and weighing heavily on his mind is the realization that all he has seen indicates that his family is incomplete. He understands that people die, but why are there no pictures? Why has he never even heard their names spoken? Everyone has them so where are his?
"Don't you have to have a first husband before you can have a next husband?" Tony heard Peter ask in a thick Russian accent as the volume in the club lowered, the up beat music fading as the DJ started to yammer something at the crowd about slowing it down.
A leader’s suffering belonged to their people.
"You really shouldn't miss the mind-numbing trash we put our lives on the line to protect. It's glorious."
Bruce was a worry, because the domestication drugs had destroyed the functions in his brain that produced the chemical mixture that pushed a tom into fight, but the faulty serum and the gamma blast had obviously changed that. Anytime Bruce started smelling like fight, property damage usually followed.
When he had the urge for a home cooked meal Bruce went to the common floor; because he’d inadvertently started that trend when it had just been him and Tony in the tower before the others had moved in.
As if he were the god of their imagination. All seeing and knowing and existing only with their progress in mind.
But this is different somehow. It’s friend speaking to friend but there’s also something more running just under it. It’s tom to fel, Tony realized with a start. They were attracted to each other.
With a snarl he refocused, bringing another blow down upon the shield his opponent still held high in defense, twisting to sweep his leg under his unsuspecting foe and knock the kat off their feet. Ivan turned again, stomping on the hand already reaching for its fallen shield and twisting one last time to kick his foe’s helmeted head. Twice for good measure. The armor was too good to break, but no matter how good it was, nothing could prevent the man inside from being rattled like a marble in a jar from the force of the blow.  Ivan ignored his adversary’s shout of pain, snatching up the fallen disk with the intent of bringing it down and cutting through the they wore armor. But almost the second his fingers brushed against it, the strange metal disc began to retract into itself until there was nothing left in Ivan’s hand but a small non-assuming hub.
“Okay, okay. Come on. I know where we can get that stuff. We can go to my house, but it’s a hike. Grandpa owned a lot of acers.”
-Rhodey-
“He was a big fan of yours.”
Well that was just rude. He was very tired of these AIM assholes fucking with his people. He thought of the kats at his shelter, of Harley Keener hiding somewhere upstairs who’d never been given a chance and hadn’t seen his father in six years because of a bitter old woman’s prejudice, and he thought about how their lives intertwined with his, how they’d been pulled into his orbit. He could bring them stars.
Tony Stark would be calling her personally to congratulate him, kind of flew out the window when she looked at him like she didn’t know whether to shake him or burst into tears. She got that look a lot since Uncle Ben had died.
He was glad his friends could see it. One day, Thor was determined that they should have it for themselves. It was only right.
They had all suffered in their way from Loki’s actions, but it was Clint who had been made to turn against those he loved.
“I’m trying to keep this from being an interrogation. He’s thirteen Cap. I can’t imagine doing what we do at his age. Kid’s probably scared stiff the government is going to realize he’s enhanced and have him put down. The last thing he needs is to have the Avengers ganging up to interrogate him.”
Hasn’t he already answered that?
"I wanted to thank you for coming to my defense earlier. I'm sorry if it put you at odds with the captain. And, well, I only wish I was truly the man you think I am."
They open their mouth to offer some platitude, but fate does them one better because JARVIS announces that Stark and the captain are on their way up. Jaime scrambles up, nudging awake the sleeping girl who yowls at the rude awakening and attempts to scratch him.
“I trust you.” Steve said, and Tony breathed a small sigh of relief. He was still anxious, still so wary of opening the Pandora’s box set before them, but it gave him courage to know that Steve was with him, and trusted him to do his best to help bring them closer and to bring Bucky back.
There’s Betty who catches the janitor at her college correcting work left on the chalkboard and makes their heart flutter.
Tony leached warmth into her body and her distant eyes slowly turned to meet his with recognition as their bodies began to sync, her breathing slowly evening.
Forward. Forward. On into the black and they’re dying again, poison leeching their body of strength. An old tape shows the projection of the man who gave them life but little else. He tells them they’re the best thing he ever created. He tells them they are going to do more than he could.
He was good. Solid. Thank God for Natasha because his heartrate had already slowed to match hers.
“Speaking of pulses, perhaps we should adjourn this meeting for another time.” T’Challa cut in smoothly. “There isn’t much to be done now until either our rebels resurface or we have more information to go on and it grows late. You need your sleep Mr. Stark.”
"We wait for him to come to us.”
Ah. So it wasn't unfamiliarity. It was just possibly
“So no help from her I guess,” he grumbled.
They burn the tape. Maybe some other version of them could hear those words and find peace but they can’t.
[Break for applause. The host Miss Williams leans toward the couple]
"I was working for Aldrich Killian at AIM... Advanced Idea Mechanics. Cute acronym, really lost its charm when I realized that I was working for a lunatic."
“I did, kind of a boring read, skipped to the end where you called my suit a weapon of mass destruction in the hands of a megalomaniac.” Tony interjected and Natasha raised a challenging eyebrow.
Clint was going to be impressed till the day he died how thorough SHIELD had been in setting up the guy’s cover. All the way down to a fake Yowler account full of family and friends. But then again, when the target was the Avengers - which included two top spies, and two of the worlds smartest brains - thoroughness was required. Sure, not every kat was fortunate enough to have a Yowler account, but the kind of kat with the backing to become a medical aid would definitely be online with the rest, and if he wasn’t, well it would spark interest and whatever story James Bond kept spinning, the whole spy game was about being quickly forgotten.
“Excuse me?” Tony blinked at him, a little affronted but Steve didn’t budge.
Not to mention, run the show if ever Jarvis should become compromised Clint thought, but he didn’t want to alarm the kits so he just shrugged and said, “Neato. I can still see at least a dozen missiles aimed at me from up here. Mind clearing me for landing?”
“Natasha how’s it looking?”
"Are they hurt? Are they alright? Where-"
“Look, I know you guys want to see your parents. But you can’t outrun bullets if you don’t see them coming Tommy and I need you and Kate here.” Nyota sighed, running a hand tiredly through her thick hair.
At least he wasn’t wearing those fancy wrist guards T’Challa had gifted him. Even though Bruce had examined them backward and forward and could only find indication that the energy conduits were made of some vibranium rich mineral compound and not made to do anything more dangerous than amplify energy, Tony really didn’t need another reason to tempt fate by messing around with Extremis.
“You got a little sloppy with the mental walls last night Stark. Bruce and I could probably give you the play by play. That’s how we know you took teeth.”
at around 11:30 PM. He would have gotten it sooner , except he’d been in the middle of a serious bout of engineering in his lab and had lost track of his phone .   Which had forced Pepper to call Rhodey, who’d come all the way to the tower to break the news that Sarah Rogers was trying to get in touch with him.  She’d called to let him  know  that  she didn’t have long  left and that she  had something she wanted to give him.  Apparently, it  was important, valuable , and  in her words big as fuck and too heavy  to mail so, “
“Until we’ve got a handle on the situation with AIM I want round the clock security, and not the usual SHIELD yahoos Fury likes to throw at me Coulson. You guys know my procedures. Personal interviews. Full background check. I want to know what size their first booties were and when they lost their milk teeth.”
Tony knew he would, and rather liked that about him if he was honest. Steve just shrugged and continued moving to the music, which was something crooning and slow that tugged at Tony's memory but for the life of him he couldn't remember the name of. Not with Steve's warm hand on his back and his body pressed against his.
“But I bet he doesn’t complain now that he’s got you guarding his labs.”
“I only want to know one thing.”
Fine. He would, this one time, because he was probably right anyway. They'd not come all this way and put up with all this bullshit just to get disqualified from the race.
Probably a very nice one, but Tony shouldn’t be entertaining thoughts like that when he was happy and settled and Steve would be so very far from okay with it.
Using Extremis he rewound the footage, watched it again, playing it slower.
Cap ground his teeth together so loud Clint didn’t doubt that even Phil’s baseline hearing could pick it up.
“Good. Get him out. We’ll rendezvous at the jet with the one we caught. The other is still at large. Be careful.” Steve answered as Tony glared up at the slight figure crouched on the ceiling not far from where he’d landed.
"Congratulations?" He quips with a surprised eyebrow lift in Coulson and Clint's general direction. "Did you finally win that bid to appear on Supper Nanny?"
"It's Barton."
When they’d parted and Steve had pulled himself together enough to depart with a promise to see him later, Tony still couldn’t stop purring. There might even have been an honest to god bounce in his step as he turned back to his work.
Right then. Show time.
She and Dr. Salek checked all of their vitals and made sure the monitors were properly working before looking up from her station to nod at Pepper and Coulson.
One, Fury owed him a damn explanation because like hell he had a foreign spy on his payroll and didn't even know it.
“If Billy’s going then I’m going.” Teddy declared and T’Cael screwed up his face and straight up yowled.
What made her unmistakable as the Queen was the impressive collar around her throat, for while Tony could spot a few sporting the startling Egyptian looking fashion, hers was well... fit for a queen.
Tony arched an eyebrow and scoffed.
Tony is not three anymore but it’s only here in these memories that he can admit… that even if he could set his father’s memory on fire, he’d still want to lay down and burn with them.
He was going to love Steve because he chose to, because Steve had chosen him in return, and they were going to rescue Barnes because it was the right thing to do; because that’s what Steve and Natasha both needed. They were supposed to make like a Pride and Barnes was going to be grateful, Tony wasn’t going to be insecure or jealous at all, and no one was going to get hurt. Huzzah.
When Tony had been twenty-one, newly orphaned and suddenly independently wealthy, his first thought had been not how to run a multi-billion-dollar company but getting as far away from his childhood home as he could. He’d gone to a dozen brokers, each one of them smarmier and more condescending than the last. Despite the fact that the meeting had been booked in Tony’s name for Tony, they’d all greeted Obie first and had cute things to say about how they were sure they could find his dream home for him and his kitten.
"How old are you now Tony?"
Smiling to himself Tony hushed them all and did his best to put them on mute and give the young woman standing in front of him all of his attention.
Tony flinched, irritated at himself and irritated at the silly woman for thinking he’d do something like that. He was used to just being himself and knowing that Pepper and the others could handle it, but things were different now. He was building a Pride and he’d brought these people to live in his tower and work in his new company so that they could be a part of that. He knew better than anyone how timid and sensitive to rebuke domesticated kats could be.
Because he didn’t want to blast her into oblivion, he wanted to tear her limb from limb. He wanted
Tony had to do it for his own sake as much as Steve’s, because Steve was not a battleground. He was Tony’s friend and mate.
He came back to his surroundings an undeterminable amount of time later when small hands gripped his shoulders.
"Whether you bond us or not wont make any difference to me but it matters to Clint." She said after a long moment, her voice roughened by some emotion that Tony would have called pleading on anyone else. The widow never begged. But she did manipulate.
Steve did know. He was her only child by blood but Steve had never made the mistake of thinking himself alone. Her whole life Sarah Rogers had been taking care of others and providing shelter to the less fortunate, even when they didn’t have a penny to spare for new shoes or to fix a broken heater in winter. Steve had been five when an accident at the mill had killed his father along with Mr. Barnes. Bucky’s mother had taken it hard and never really managed to get back up again.
