Sherlock grimaced when the back of his head smashed loudly against the stone wall behind him. “Not my fault you’re cheating on Sally, Anderson. Or that you don’t even bother to change when you’ve clearly got this new girl’s perfume all over yourself.”
“He knew how I felt about you. Ever since that night five years ago when he walked into my room and saw you holding me. You were about to kiss me…. Weren’t you?”
“How’re you doing?” John asked quietly. It was a good cover up, the silence. It meant John definitely had to whisper, which only aided in his intent on teasing Sherlock into a flustered mess. John felt his friend shiver beneath him as he felt John’s warm soft breath fan against his exposed neck.
“You’re going to break something” John snorted, standing up from the bed and looking around the room. “Wow. We made a mess”.
Funny how for years Sherlock had turned on glaring lights onto his model’s bodies and had watched them glow under them but had never once pictured how they must feel. It was… oddly empowering. To be so blatantly vulnerable, the lights emphasizing and shedding light onto every inch of your body completely and willingly on display, trusting the person to see you entirely as you are.
Slowly, John’s eyes blinked open and they gazed at each together again, affection naked and open for each other to see. John beamed up at him, fondness pouring out of his deep blue eyes.
John, meanwhile, had left his books aside in favour of sticking leaves and flowers into Sherlock’s fluffy hair. He stared at his friend, anguish that had been churning in his stomach for weeks now pressing against his lungs and thundering in his heart. He knew Sherlock was only acting indifferent to protect himself. He could feel the sadness and the worry emanating from him from miles away.
“Liar!” Molly laughed “Who were you looking for? Mary, I bet”. Greg groaned around his mouthful of food.
“Come on, wake up. We need to get up or we’ll be late” the voice said. Contradictorily, however, the strong arms that were surrounding his waist tightened, as if repelling the idea of letting him go to get up and out into the chilly air outside the warm bed and blankets.
“You definitely could stand being a little nicer to those kids don’t you think?” John suddenly said. Sherlock, surprised, turned and saw him walking out from behind the screen back into his jeans and jumper, cane in one hand and phone in the other.
“You’ll get your magic. You just need to wait” John murmured, still not looking up from his book but reaching out to pet some of Sherlock’s curls lightly.
“I’ve deemed at least 10 potions undoable without magic in the last 2 minutes and I just cannot stand this… being
Inhale. One two three four five six seven. Exhale. One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven. Repeat.
“SHITE!” John hissed. Sherlock dropped the clippers and the strand of devil snare tightened around both of their wrists, tying them together. “What do we do now?” John yelped.
fault that they had lost contact and their friendship. Not to mention that he was back in their family now. He couldn't believe that Sherlock’s mother had taken him back after everything that he had done, because of how ingrained that asshole had implanted himself and his selfish ideas on that poor family.
The clock on the wall chimed four times; the sound slicing through the tense silence in the darkness of the rooms. The only string of light came from the slightly ajar door at the end of the hallway, where the artist was hunched over his canvas and staring at it in complete stone-stillness.
Every second of the day replayed in his head in a loop. Objectively, Sherlock knew that his interaction with John had been nothing out of the ordinary for a first meeting. There had been nothing extraordinary about it. And yet, he could not stop thinking about him.
“Hey, you,” John said cheerfully, as he took a seat next to Sherlock. He sat just a teensy bit closer than necessary, but really who was going to blame him when he found the gorgeous Beauxbatons sitting in the Gryffindor breakfast table, clearly waiting for him.
He let the other arm hang loose beside him in a casual pose as not to strain himself and have a natural pose for the blonde.
“Well... the room doesn’t show signs of a struggle. But I suppose the killer could’ve covered that… he doesn’t show signs of any kind of physical harm, though”
After several hazy moments of this John took pity on Sherlock’s visibly wrecked form, his words had long stopped making any kind of sense, and his cock was on the verge of bursting, angry red and leaking copious amounts of pre-come onto his flat stomach.
When they separated both of their eyes were partly glazed and John laughed breathily, still unable to process everything that had just happened.
John didn’t answer Sherlock’s smile, instead, he started walking rapidly towards him, his face stony still, unmoving. Sherlock swallowed loudly, not able to read John’s expression and suspecting John was still unsure as to what he would do when he reached him. But Sherlock knew. He knew he was gonna get punched. It wasn’t the first time and it certainly would be the last. Not that he blamed John. Better just get this over with. Sherlock closed his eyes, waiting for the hit.
Sherlock looked down and met John’s gaze. “Trust me, if anyone had been in the building during what we… got up to” he swallowed thickly, face flaming red “they most certainly would’ve heard and barged in”. He said it with a calm, even voice but John could see the rosy colour tinging his cheeks and bit the inside of his to stop the dirty remarks he might have made and settled for a pleased if slightly naughty smile.
Sighing he unlocked his phone. He needed an excuse, though… biting his lip he coursed through his contact list and finding the one he searched he clicked the call button. The rings and then a voice picked up
John turned to look at him. Sherlock’s profile was a really stunning image, the straight nose and the clear almost transparent eyes in the beaming white light of the moon. “Thanks for bringing me” he replied, a sweet smile pulling at his lips.
Im sorry this took so long. Life got in the way and I had a very hard time with this chapter- not sure why. Anyway, thank you so much for reading and commenting. Please be nice to me, i'm scared haha
John had to change poses so Sherlock wasn’t able to draw his face directed solely at him again. But he was happy to draw every bit of John he could see for the rest of the class, already planning many more paintings he could do with them. If he wasn’t careful his next gallery would be all John paintings. Well, that didn’t sound so back when he thought about it.
that connection, and with knowing he was not really John’s ‘love’, it was too much. He would not take it.
The buzz of conversation in the room slowly started to pick up to where it had left off before John had arrived.
As soon as they reached an alleyway the blonde turned the corner of the building and pulled Sherlock into a tight hug, much to the artist’s bewilderment. He had been expecting some sort of awkward goodbye. Some dry words and maybe an awkward embrace. But then again maybe this was it. Maybe John knew how hard he was falling for him and just wanted to apologize before tearing his heart out. Well... better he did it now. Better he did it fast. Better now that he hadn’t gone out with that woman. Of course, John wouldn’t cheat in a relationship... but would it even be considered cheating on Sherlock? They were not together. They would never be.
Sherlock’s heart thumped unevenly against his ribs. He didn’t know what exactly he was hoping John hadn’t seen. Why was his face so damn hot? They really needed to put some fans around here. “Saw umm... saw what?
“Fine. But you come back here for the game. I actually secretly hate these things. Nothing interesting EVER happens.” She sighed
Sherlock huffed a laugh, shaking his head in dismissal and followed John down the hall and onto the elevator.
He glared one last time at John, but when he turned to look at Sherlock his look darkened. Sherlock was completely pressed back against the wall, chest heaving and gaze frightened, set entirely on John.
What was also a fact, however, was that he had stopped kissing him and had immediately left. He had run away even before Sherlock could reciprocate. And he hadn’t contacted Sherlock since.
Where could he be? Library? No… He was probably still with Irene and she never frequented the library. Quidditch field?
“You’ve been here less than a week and you’ve already snuck into the restricted section?” John laughed loudly and was immediately shushed by some students nearby. “Why am I not surprised?” he said, much more quietly this time.
The snow had stopped rushing down and was now slowly drifting onto the ground. John looked at his and Sherlock's surroundings, dazedly. It was pretty magical. The walked slowly around the frozen lake, in comfortable silence. The snowflakes wafted lazily around them, clinging to Sherlock’s hair and John’s eyelashes. The castle looked so far away from here and the air was so quiet it seemed that just for this moment it was just him and Sherlock.
He had looked down at his hands in wonder and felt warmth flow through him at the thought that maybe he too could someday receive a mysterious visitor. Someone to show him he was not ordinary.
who had been there for him for YEARS. John frowned. He wasn’t sure what he’d expected to feel now that he’d acknowledged to himself that he’d been devastated by being ignored… but it hadn’t been this. This…
“We definitely have to catch up” John stated. He started walking but stopped when Sherlock just stared at him in confusion.
Instead of answering, the model ducked his face and captured Sherlock’s already parted lips with his own and hummed in relief. Sherlock’s arms instantly latched out and his hands curled around John's forearms, grounding himself and keeping John close to him. He opened his mouth, the need to taste John against his tongue taking over, the deep taste of tea and wood-smoke. Complying with Sherlock’s pulling hands John plunged his tongue into Sherlock’s warm mouth and
The Gryffindor barely had the chance to hear the soft whisper of “John,” from Sherlock’s lips before he pressed their lips together. They kissed, gently and determinedly, reassuring one another that they felt the same as their lips slid together in tandem. John could dimly hear the enthusiastic response around them, catcalls and clapping and suddenly Irene’s booming voice from the speaker echoed loudly through the outdoor stadium. But he paid no attention to them as he got lost in the sweet taste of Sherlock, and the feeling of his warm tongue against his own.
He was met with the sight of a clearly well endowed handsome man, staring at him hungrily up and down and grinning wolfishly. Sherlock frowned slightly, confused by the man’s forward attitude.
More smut, fluff and getting to know each other better <3<3 Can you see the angsty part on the near horizon? *chuckles evilly* Don't worry it won't hurt too much... ish ;)
Well, a faint memory did come to mind. One night in Sherlock’s room where they’d been so close… close and unsure as to what was going on until Sherlock’s father had come barging in. And now, five years later, they were back in that same moment, pressed together chest to chest. Except… except
Sherlock smiled at him, realizing they were still holding hands and squeezing John’s lightly. “Come on” he whispered, pulling him along close to the far end of the room, the view getting larger and completely enveloping the both of them. “We’re going to miss it” he whispered. There was really no need to talk quietly, but this moment seemed so precious. So intimate, that the artist simply couldn’t help it. He could already picture his new painting. John immersed in the light of an approaching sunset, his eyes looking clearer than he’d ever seen them when the light hit them dead on and fused through the azure blue of his iris, tinging it with yellow lights and shifting the midnight colour into aqua. Magnificent.
“It’s…. it’s nothing” the artist choked out. If John wasn’t going to break his heart now it was better to pretend. To keep him for himself if only for a little while longer. After all, he didn’t have any more classes with the model after today’s lesson and John would most likely request not to be booked again. If this was his last night with him... well then. He guessed he would have to make the best of it. To capture every second, every moment and commit it to memory.
Sherlock tangled his fingers in his dark curls and pulled in frustration  “Because I can’t do it okay?  And you can’t do it either. You swore if I helped you retrieve your blackmail pictures-”
Finally, the day of the Quidditch match between Slytherin and Gryffindor came and John was not even thinking about the game as he went down for breakfast as instead of seeing Sherlock sitting with an open book on his usual spot at the Gryffindor table next to where John usually sat, (He’d refused to sit with the Ravenclaws because they were “Obviously wrongly sorted John! None of those idiots have a superior level of intelligence. Just yesterday I saw Janine take two whole minutes to solve the riddle, John! TWO minutes!” he looked positively astonished) he saw empty space.
With all his strength of will, the artist raised himself gently, sneaking under John’s arms and slipping through so he could sit up properly. John sniffled in displeasure and shifted but didn’t wake.
“Hey, Molly! Glad to see you again” she grinned “I heard about your scholarship raise. Well done, you deserve it”
Molly hummed “I’m not sure. Seems to me like he’s been awake for hours. Look at his hair. I don’t think I'd ever seen him with his hair so perfectly curled before. And look at his suit…absolutely pristine. It looks like he ironed it and immediately put it on.” Molly narrowed her eyes, watching as Sherlock leaned over his desk inconspicuously and looked over to the door.
. Lips latching and separating over and over again in soft wet whispers of breath in the empty classroom.
John reached as far as he could, trying his best not to move to far, not that he even could considering how tightly the artist was holding on to him. After a couple of failed attempts he finally got the drawer open and pulled out the lube and a condom wrapper. “Oh…Do you-“
Sherlock stumbled, blushing ridiculously fast and looking down at his feet. How was he always so surprised by John’s easy compliments? He mumbled something unintelligible in response.
Sherlock smiled back, so relieved at having his John back. The John he’d left at the Hogwarts train station 5 years ago. But something nagged at the back of his mind, “Why did you do it, John?”
Today was the second class of the week, the last one he would get to see John for god knows how long.
way that I could possibly find someone that I liked more. Or preferred as a friend. You…” he paused seeming to be on the way of choking himself up with the sheer amount of emotions rising up inside of him. “You’re the best person I’ve ever met. Without you… I don’t know who I’d be.”
“That sounds great” the artist smiled. There was something, though, something he kept wondering in the back of his mind. He figured if this… growing thing between John was to keep going then he might as well try his hand at ‘communication’. It’s what successful couples did best no? Well, it
Soon enough the bus stopped and John walked out into the streets and onto his apartment building. An army pension and his salary for modelling were not conducive to a grand amount of money so at least for now he could not afford a proper apartment that was more than basically a bedroom with a tiny kitchen and an equally minuscule bathroom.
Sherlock hadn’t bothered telling his class that they would be getting John as a model again, and in return, they didn’t bother to pretend they were surprised when the model walked into the room.
He looked around himself finding somewhere to sit when McGonagall directed him to one of the tables. He searched the tables and then… icy blue eyes found a head of familiar blond hair, turned away from him and towards another boy. His heart skipped several beats as his eyes widened.
But first he needed to feel John’s chest under his fingertips, he needed to bite his bottom lip and hear the low breathy moan that escaped the blonde’s lips, he needed John to hold him tightly and to bask in the soft sounds that their kissing resounded in when they reverberated in the empty room around them, he-
The next couple of days could only be described as awkward. Although Sherlock didn’t exactly avoid John when he saw him approaching he wasn’t his usual talkative self and would remain relatively silent. He kept on his meetings with Irene, much to John’s despair. But he was careful not to do so whenever the Gryffindor was around, but John knew.
Professor Septima scowled as the student behind her struggled “I have a student here that believes himself too good for Arithmancy and has been non-stop complaining that your class is full and he has no reason to be in mine. I beg of you, Sybill. Take him off my hands.” She sounded so exhausted.
“John.” His quiet voice rattled John’s chest. All at once voicing those deductions and questions and promises but John pretended not to understand.
“I…” He began, then after a moment of strained silence, he snapped his mouth closed again. She could see the gears turning in his head behind his eerily still face and rolled her eyes. He always was easier to read than he thought.
“Retirement then?” Mrs. Hudson said, her voice a bit too loud in the sudden tense silence. “My husband promised we would travel when he retired. That was before all that nasty business in Florida.”
“If anyone’s close to retirement, it’s me.” Greg said, leaning against the desk in the sitting room. Anderson and Donovan were taking up the whole sofa, even if they weren’t he wasn’t going near them when they were in this mood. Drunk on eggnog and exchanging sloppy kisses. Molly and Mrs. Hudson were in the chairs at the desk and he refused to set foot in the kitchen with Sherlock’s experiments littering every available surface. The scientist himself was sitting in his chair, glaring moodily at the floor at John’s feet.
Which set John off into giggles again. Sherlock on the other hand, wasn’t amused. He pushed up from his leather armchair and stormed into the kitchen. Hunching over his microscope, he pointedly resumed one of his experiments as if to say I have lost all hope in humanity maybe the mold cultures will have more intelligence.
It was abrupt, but she was ready. She had been waiting for this for months and even though she knew he wasn’t there with her, he was there.
The room froze. No one could even pull in a shocked gasp at Sherlock’s revelation. Even Sherlock, who sounded so sure just a moment before froze, his shoulders going tense as he realized what he had just said. His hand curled around the wheel on his microscope but it didn’t move.
The word rattled around in his head, over and over again. Hushed and questioning in that bone-rattling deep voice, breaking the silence.
The word wrung in his mind as he lay in the dark. It was so rare to hear Sherlock beg, and even more rare for it to be so genuine. John couldn’t recall what memory that broken sound came from but it was so clearly Sherlock’s voice. John had never heard him sound so shattered. Or seen him so distraught.
He could hear the hostility behind her encouragement and didn’t bother staying at the table any longer. He should’ve insisted on saying no, on staying with Mary and working through the weirdness between them, on staying with Mary and finishing the business she started the night before. But they both knew the truth. He couldn’t have said no if he wanted to.
His eyes flicked to John to gauge his reaction but John hadn’t heard. He was watching Sherlock with a mix of fascination and fondness.
It was ridiculous. John had lived with the man for almost two years. That hadn’t been the first time John had occupied a small space with his friend. There had been plenty stake-outs, arguments in the narrow staircase, disagreements over the very limited bathroom space. It wasn’t the first time they had ever been so close. Sherlock wasn’t exactly a fan of personal space, not when invading it could be used to manipulate someone. Was he manipulating John? He felt manipulated. Well, he felt something…
He hailed a cab before he could think about what had just happened too closely. And refused to look back.
Her confusion was obvious as she looked between Lestrade and some of the local officers that were required to be there. All the idiots looked confused or doubtful, one even openly glaring at Sherlock.
It wasn’t fair to Mary that he was ignoring her or that he hadn’t really been mentally present in days. John meant what he said on christmas day. He had forgiven her, moved back in. He was going to enjoy the domesticity. Bracing himself, John stood from the couch and marched into the kitchen. He would be with her here now. For the rest of the night at least. He won’t lie awake and think about Sherlock like he had the last few nights. He would chat about his day and listen about hers. He would cook his wife dinner and he won’t hear Sherlock’s voice in his head telling him how he was doing it wrong.
“I love you.” He said again, more forcefully, like if he said it hard enough it will be enough. Panting, he covers his face with his hands, pushing in hard to try to keep them from shaking. All he could see was swirling blue and grey and green.
With a gun in his hand pointed at a bomb, on the edge of bart’s, on his knees begging for forgiveness from to be the last thing he heard before they both blew up. The barest hints of the ruin John had seen in Sherlock’s eyes as John leaned forward in his dream. None compared to the image John conjured up of Sherlock knowing he was going to have to go on living in a world where John doesn't exist.
“That left foot of yours with its inward twist is all over the place. How simple it would all have been had I been here before they came like a herd of buffalo and wallowed all over it. Here is where the party with the lodge-keeper came, and they have covered all tracks for six or eight feet round the body. But here are three separate tracks of the same feet." He pulled his magnifying class from his coat and crouched down, careful not to let his coat get muddy, to have a better view, talking all the time rather to himself than to us. "These are young McCarthy's feet. He came through here twice, running once, the soles are deeply marked and the heels hardly visible. That bears out his story. He ran when he saw his father on the ground.”
“He’s the father's feet as he paced. What is this, then? The butt-end of the gun as the son stood listening.”
His hands reached out for her again and pulled her against him, as much as he could. His mouth exploring hers as his foot hooked around the door and slammed it closed.
John giggled harder and got a well deserved jab to the ribs. His laughter didn’t die away completely, just became silent, and his chest shook. Her glare made his smile return. “What? He was only saying what everyone else was thinking. I told you he does that.”
John had managed to take over and fill up all the empty places in Sherlock’s life so he was left with a gaping wound when he was ripped away. He thought coming back would be the easiest thing of all. To return to the one thing that kept him alive all that time but John had moved on. He found Mary.
“Sherlock.” John scolded quietly, but he was smiling. After a few minutes of silence, he spoke up. “So we’re just leaving?”
The train lined up with the platform and Sherlock stood, filling the tiny space with his height and his imposing presence. John focused on his breathing as Sherlock filled up his whole vision. There was a spot on his coat that was very interesting. It looked soft, not like Sherlock’s hair, or his lips. No, it was a nice coat and deserved the attention it-
The neighbor is obviously connected. Sherlock had leaned forward and John had run away. He’d been so stupid, letting his emotions get the best of him. He had been on the edge of losing him forever but by some twist of fate he got a second, well third, chance and he was wasting it. He could have John the way he had him before. But it wasn’t enough for him anymore. Sherlock wanted more it was going to drive John away if it hadn’t already.
“I have skills that you are neither capable of employing nor understanding. Take John, for example. I can tell that the window in your bathroom is on the right hand side. Tell me, Lestrade, did you notice something so conspicuous?”
John forced himself to breathe out slowly at his question. Why, indeed? He had stopped correcting people years ago. It still bothered him, but likely not for the reason that Sherlock and others supposed. The idea of explaining that terrified him, but the man deserved the truth.
Just then that little blonde firecracker bounced up to him and laid several more dandelions in his lap. John smiled at her delighted face as he tied off the crown he had made and placed it atop her curls. “Here you are, princess.”
Damn. He used to be so much better at this. Lying to John used to be easy. Now, it was so much harder. It didn’t help that his thoughts were far more jumbled than they should have been. Or that they had promised they wouldn’t lie to each other anymore. These were small lies, though, and couldn’t possibly count. He ignored the guilty twist his stomach gave.
He had yelled at Sherlock, after. Unable to hold back the tide of anger and fear and anxiety that had flooded his system, his mouth dry and his blood thundering in his ears. Sherlock took too many chances. Went off without him and someday, John dreaded, he would not be there in time to save him.
, John, really?” he scoffed, and John simply threw a blanket at him. Sherlock tucked it over his legs and under his feet that he had pulled up onto the sofa.
Molly watched him thoughtfully, biting on her bottom lip again. She took a deep breath, apparently having come to a decision about something, then let it out slowly.
Before, when John shared the flat with Sherlock, cooking was rare. What with all the science equipment and experiments spread all about the place and heavy odds on any eating and cooking surface not being completely sanitary at any given moment, it just didn’t make sense to cook in that kitchen. Easier to head to the shops, pick up some ready-meals and pop them in the ‘FOR EATING’ microwave, and God, how obnoxious that it had been necessary to not only have two microwaves in one tiny kitchen, but to put fucking labels on them to distinguish which one was to be used for food that actually went into living human bodies. Easier still, ring up one of the local spots and order takeaway. And there was always Angelo’s when they had felt like proper napkins would make for a nice change of scenery. Or rather, it was in the ideal spot for a stakeout, and they may as well eat while they were about it.
“It was nothing,” Sherlock mumbled. He wanted to ask John what happened at lunch. He didn’t want to know, though, not really. Was Mr. Campbell impressed when John told him? Was he grateful and pleased and looking forward to seeing John again?
“Ok, hold still,” he said as he picked up his left leg and tried to snake around Sherlock’s outstretched arm for the closest available green circle. He twisted his hips and bumped into Sherlock’s shoulder, who grunted but held his position. Finally, he was able to place his foot down. “Ah ha!” he crowed out in triumph. “Alright, your go.”
“Yes?” Sherlock asked as the moment stretched impossibly between them. He took a step closer and John swayed unconsciously towards him, his eyes flickering down to Sherlock’s mouth before he looked back into his eyes. Sherlock tracked the movement, and John was emboldened by the sudden heat he saw in Sherlock’s eyes.
John looked up at him, mouth tight and eyes red where he was fighting back the emotion that was coursing through him. Sherlock took a step towards him.
The thought of Sherlock brought a tightness to his chest, as it always did, and he blinked hard before turning his head to gaze at the back of the couch. A chill different from the one in the flat settled around his heart like an old friend, achingly familiar and bittersweet, and he knew that no amount of blazing fire or cocoon of blankets could warm him.
It was after a case. A rather grueling one. They had been after their suspect for over a week before they finally caught him.
He could feel himself edging on panic. Had he just messed up the best relationship of his life by assigning romantic intentions when there weren’t any?
Ok. Good. This was good. He takes in another deep breath before returning to his seat, and it is at that moment that the owner of the establishment comes bustling to their table with a large, toothy grin on his face.
“Pity, we could have split the fee. Think it through next time,” Sherlock replied before biting back a smile.
“I ordered Chinese for dinner. It should be here by the time you’re dressed,” he informed him, then he stood up and left.
John found himself idly wondering how many people walked up and down those steps in a given day. In just the last 30 minutes it had seen more action than John had seen in a year.
“Perhaps not, but waiting that 35 minutes for you to get here after a case is called in is 35 minutes too long. I need to get on the scenes before Anderson arrives and messes everything up. You know this.”
John came back down the stairs and into the kitchen. Sherlock heard him quietly bustling around and a few minutes later he came into the living room with two mugs and passed one to Sherlock.
John sighed. Then he wrapped the towel around him and made his way up to his room to get dressed. There was a triple homicide that needed to be solved.
“About what, Sherlock?” John asked stubbornly and Sherlock ignored the way his hand tightened into a fist before it relaxed.
Sherlock leaned close and began kissing down John’s neck, then back up his jaw, the spot under his ear. He bit gently on his earlobe and John felt his entire body shudder in response.
“I want to ride you,” John breathed out into his ear and he felt Sherlock’s cock jump against his own. He pulled back to look down at his husband.
It wasn’t a matter of whether or not Sherlock could solve the case without John. It was that he didn’t want to.
The hands on his biceps slipped a little, cupping his elbows lightly then moving to circle his wrists.
He felt the soft curve of her hips and the swell of her breasts. But he saw long solid lean muscle, tasted salt on pale skin. The body he saw in his mind was so long, so tall, too tall for him to wrap himself completely around but he wanted to try.
He tossed the shoes aside when he had taken the proper measurements and charged outside. John followed close behind but Lestrade and the local officer whose name sherlock hadn’t bothered to learn stayed behind, stunned by his sudden change of direction and possibly the shoes flying through the air.
She crossed her arms, somehow managing to settle into and away from John at the same time. John was still holding Sherlock’s eye, every now and then a jolt of laughter shaking his chest.
Sherlock turned sharp narrowed verdigris eyes on him and managed to convey all the contempt he felt for the other man in two words. “You would.”
Sherlock stood in the middle of the sitting room, as the light outside the windows faded. He had been trapped this way for hours (days?) studying the remnants of John Watson scattered around the flat. A clock was ticking somewhere in the flat but all Sherlock could hear was the slow repetitive tapping as John attempted to type a blog entry. A few abandoned medical texts left on the shelves next to Sherlock’s books, a chipped mug sitting lonely on the kitchen counter, and most of all the armchair. It was red once, but now it just looked worn, broken down, and so empty.
Breakfast with Mary was tense. The couple spent most of it in silence. It only got worse when a text from Sherlock made John’s phone light up and buzz on the table.
"That McCarthy senior was killed by his son and that all theories to the contrary are just speculation."
He lent in to recapture the kiss but he caught his jaw between her hands to stop him. He could see the question in her eyes but she was quiet.
She shoved off his lap and stormed away, nearly knocking the coat rack over as she tugged hers on. Looking back, she gave him one last chance. He was still staring straight ahead, unseeing. With a huff, she pounded down the stairs out the door muttering something that sounded a lot like ‘I knew it’.
“Not in words, no,” Sherlock agreed with a small quirk of his lips, and John couldn’t help the soft laugh that bubbled up, and Sherlock joined him with a small chuckle of his own.
“You aren’t getting any younger, dear. It might be time to start thinking about moving on. Meeting someone new.”
Music from the radio filled his otherwise quiet kitchen as John sat in one of the kitchen chairs. Joy was curled up around his feet, keeping them delightfully warm with her thick fur coat. A cup of tea sat half-drunk at his elbow.
His eyes strayed from the telly to the plate of biscuits. He shrugged and reached out, grabbing two off the plate before popping one in whole. He sighed in bliss as the buttery goodness practically melted on his tongue.
John was reaching out to open the door into the pub where he was meeting his date, a lovely blonde who he had met at a different pub one night when he was drinking with Greg after a long night at NSY, when a familiar figure came strolling out of an alley and grabbed his arm, words pouring out of his mouth at an incomprehensible speed, and John barely managed from rolling his eyes as he realized his date was apparently not happening tonight.
The brush of lips was soft. Chaste. A gentle pressure and release. It was perfect. This was what John wanted last night. Why he waited. He wanted to be sober if he was ever going to kiss Sherlock Holmes. He wanted to remember every detail.
He turned, opening his mouth to ask Sherlock if he would like a cup of tea, but when he took in the sight before him his thoughts stopped.
“You honestly thought we would be okay thinking you killed yourself?” John asked, disbelief and anger coloring his voice despite his attempt to keep it level.
“Of course it is,” he laughed as Sherlock raised his arm and a taxi came to a stop in front of them.
By the end of the evening, he was smiling and relaxed, and surprised to find that he had rather enjoyed himself. The chocolates he gifted everyone seemed to be accepted well and he ended up leaving the party with his own collection of gifts, including a rather surprising bottle of good wine.
As soon as Sherlock was pliant beneath his lips, John took the advantage and flipped them. Sherlock gasped in surprise, but as John straddled his hips, his weight pressing him down and their cocks sliding together once again, the gasp turned into a groan.
“Shut up, John,” Sherlock sighed and Rosie gasped with all the scandalized intensity only a three-year-old could.
“Just up there, please,” she instructed its placement, and John followed directions rather than argue with her that he didn’t need or want the decoration in his room. Few things were worth the argument with the woman. She was older, but she was formidable. Bad hip, or no.
“Do you have any idea when you’d like to get married?” Sherlock asked after they had settled back into the cushions again, his feet once more tucked up under John’s thigh.
John went to take a sip of his scotch, but noticed that it was gone. He leaned over and placed the empty glass on the table in front of him.
Sherlock leaned back in his chair with his elbows propped on the soft sides. He steepled his fingers together under his chin and regarded him thoughtfully.
A rush of cooler air preceded John’s re-entrance into the room, followed by the snick of the door as the latch closed again, the soft clink of a mug placed down on the sink. A warm palm cupped his jaw, a thumb brushing over his cheekbone, before retreating again. Cupboard doors were opened and items removed as he continued to sit silently, eyes closed, drifting in body and mind.
“Yeah, um. I was just coming to let you know I was off to work. I made you a cup of coffee and breakfast is in the kitchen,” he said as he tilted his chin back to indicate the room he had just come from.
John walked around the table and held out a hand to Sherlock. Sherlock stared at it, blinking uncomprehendingly.
He smiled, though, because he did appreciate the thought and he would have most likely had toast if she hadn’t intervened. He already felt his earlier aggravation fading away and instead just felt tired.
“John, I’m sorry. I know that my actions hurt you and that my apologies will never be enough to truly express my regret, but-” Sherlock said, but John cut him off.
What a pretentious little dish, John thought, when Mrs. Hudson made him his first ever Eggs Benedict.
Sherlock would be so disappointed in his complete lack of observation. Who misses a whole tree standing in their living room?
He tucked the cookbook under the two mysteries he had already chosen and finished his journey to the counter to pay.
Sherlock’s lips quirked up suddenly, a smile playing on the edges as he thought of something, and John felt a smile pull at his own mouth. He could watch Sherlock for hours. He often did. He was sure Sherlock knew, on some level, because Sherlock saw everything. He never said anything, though, so John had decided to keep watching until he was told to stop.  It hadn’t happened yet and he figured as long as he was discreet enough about it, it wouldn’t be a problem.
A year ago, when he jumped off the roof of Bart’s, a million thoughts buzzed through his mind. While he knew he wasn’t going to die, his body still flooded his system with adrenaline and his brain was unable to stop the deluge of flashing images of the life he lived. Not surprisingly, a lot of those images contained one John Watson. It was his friend’s face he saw when he hit the airbag that would save his life, his breath punched out of him, and his body’s limbs thrown up on the painful impact.
“Do you cook a lot of things?” she questioned as she tossed her used tea bag in the bin and added milk and sugar to her cup.
“Oh. Okay,” John replied, because he wasn’t sure what else to say to that, and he didn’t feel like getting into the bag in the fridge at the moment.
His eyes went back up to her. “How did you know it was John’s ex?” he asked. Mrs. Hudson had probably been the person who heard John’s exclamations of “I’m not gay” more than anyone else.
“It was fine, she’s a lovely woman,” John answered, then circled the conversation back. “So what’s the case? Can I help? Were you chasing someone?”
Sherlock smirked, a nearly feral gleam in his eyes, and pulled John’s mouth to his own. They immediately opened to the other, tongues meeting and tasting, exploring, both men trying to take control of the kiss. Sherlock’s hand shifted from his face to his shoulders, pressing him down onto the bed, and John shifted himself away from the headboard so he could lay flat. Sherlock settled over him and John revelled in the feeling of that long body pressing down against his skin. Sherlock pulled away from the kiss, panting for breath, before he started to kiss down John’s jaw to his ear. John groaned in approval as his hands traced up and down Sherlock’s back before he let his hands slip under the thin material of his shirt to caress the skin there. His skin was burning under his fingertips and John gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling him down against him and both men gasped at the sudden friction as their cocks brushed against each other through their clothes.
Instead, he just stood there and looked through the gates at the darkened lawn and the stones that marked the places where loved ones were buried. The grounds were quiet, he knew, but he was on the wrong side of the gate to experience that momentary peace. So he stood and listened to the sound of cars driving past on the road, the siren of an ambulance, a car alarm that was blaring somewhere in the distance, as his thoughts circled wildly and his fingers grew cold in his gloves.
Steam wafted in delicate swirls over a pot on the hob, filling the kitchen with a rather delightful scent. It appeared John had decided to make chicken noodle soup. John tended to make it on rainy or snowy nights, or when he was feeling somewhat unwell. There was a nostalgia to it for John, and he had once commented that it had been one of his grandmother’s recipes. Sherlock could admit it now invoked a similar nostalgia in him.
“Please, John. I’m ready. Fuck me.” He was breathless and sounded completely wreaked already and John was forcefully reminded of his own cock, heavy and so far neglected.
He stood in front of the door, back straight and shoulders pulled back before he took a deep breath and knocked.
Rosie pouted, but as John set a plate of toast, liberally spread with butter and jam, and bacon on a plate for her, she climbed atop her usual chair and tucked in.
“Fantasies are nice, but it’s really the execution of the fantasy that makes it fun,” Sherlock smiled.
John let out a small laugh as Sherlock no doubt intended for him to do at his comment. Sherlock gave the smallest of smiles in return.
Oh. He ran out of the room and made his way quickly down the stairs. Of course! The murderer must have still had it! They had made a mistake, and that was all he needed to do. Find the suitcase, and he’d be one step closer to finding the murderer.
“John,” he began, that rich baritone pouring out like honey into John’s ears, and he waited for what would be said next, but Sherlock stopped talking. John waited, but still, he said nothing. He watched as his friend suddenly began pacing back and forth across the worn rug in front of the fire, unbuttoning his jacket and tossing it on the couch, his hands then raking through the drying curls atop his head, and John is completely mesmerized at his friend’s seeming agitation.
“About 20 minutes after I walked into Barts and Molly yelled at me to put down the scalpel. Figured I should do something with my time before I came back here.”
John’s fingers made quick work of Sherlock’s shirt, unbuttoning with shaky fingers, until he could push the garment off the man and carelessly onto the floor while Sherlock removed John’s belt, thumbed open his trousers, and reached his hand into John’s pants. John bucked into Sherlock’s fist as it closed around him. The heat of his hand and the mouth on his neck was nearly overwhelming and John felt his head hit the wall behind him.
They pulled away from each other, panting, hearts racing. John stood up, grabbed Sherlock’s hand and pulled him to his feet, and they made their way through the garden as quickly as they could through the rain with only the light from the kitchen door to guide their way. By the time they stood inside the kitchen, they were both soaked to the skin with mud splattered over their feet and the hem of their pajama bottoms.
“Not quite,” his deep voice intoned, deeper than John had ever heard it before, and John felt something between a groan and a huff of laughter get caught in his throat. Sherlock’s hand tightened around him, pulling on him, and John let his head fall back as his eyes closed. He shivered as Sherlock’s thumb swept over his slit, collecting the wetness that was already beading there.
John jolted up out of bed and was down the stairs before the cloud of pink smoke had managed to escape the kitchen.
“We’ll have to be quiet. And get you cleaned up or Mrs. Hudson might well murder us in our sleep,” he informed the dog and she panted happily in his arms as they made their way home.
“Chasing after criminals, takeaway, crap telly. Those were our dates. You were the relationship I wanted,” the doctor quietly revealed.
“The grandson came to deliver groceries and found her in the living room,” Lestrade informed him as they came into the room and the scene unfolded there. An elderly woman lay on the floor, a puddle of blood around her head and a wooden knitting needle protruding unseemly from her left eye socket. Sherlock frowned, walking up to the body, his eyes scanning both her and the immediate area surrounding her.
The thought sent a shiver down his spine. An idea had begun to form and as he watched John fill a couple of boxes and a suitcase he played out different scenarios in his mind palace. There were so many ways this could go wrong. He could ruin everything. It would be enough to just live together. He was sure it would be.
“Fair enough,” John agreed, his voice somewhat flat, and Sherlock wondered what exactly he had said to cause John’s mood to change that swiftly. “Well, I’m going to take a quick shower and then we can go to lunch if you still want to,” he said, and he left before Sherlock acknowledged him.
There was nothing for it, though, and he pushed the blankets down and off before tossing his legs over the side of the bed. His feet hit the cold floor and he immediately missed Joy’s warmth.
Sherlock frowned slightly, his eyes shifting to the side for a moment in a gesture that John never associated with Sherlock. He was nervous about whatever he was about to say. Or not say. He hadn’t actually said anything yet.
John was breathing heavily by the end of his speech. He hadn’t meant to say all of that, not really, but once he had started the floodgates opened and there was nothing to hold it back. Sherlock was still staring wide-eyed at him, blinking occasionally, and John was terrified he had gone too far. Said too much.
Mary wanted to strangle him more than anything then. He didn’t even know why he was refusing, even though it was obvious to everyone else on the planet. That made the rejection even more bitter. He didn’t even see it.
Breakfast with Mary was tense. The couple spent most of it in silence. It only got worse when a text from Sherlock made John’s phone light up and buzz on the table.
John’s eyes followed her hand, trailing slowing up his leg, while the rest of his body went rigid and still. He jumped up just before her hand reached its destination and Mary sighed.
After a deep breath, she kissed him. They stumbled through the house, refusing to break apart again.
“How-?” John decided it wasn’t worth it to ask. Sherlock would explain before he could even get the question out. Lestrade just glowered.
.” The last statement was directed at Sherlock who was shaking his head before the other man finished speaking.
“Doesn’t mean I’m not looking forward to it.” Greg smiled, sipping at his eggnog. The stuff was beyond disgusting. He just wished he had the guts to go in the kitchen and get something else.
“The London press is useless. I looked through all the recent papers this morning for the particulars but they are so full of conjecture I can hardly use any of it as a reliable source. It seems, from what I gather, to be one of those simple cases which are so extremely difficult.” Sherlock said. Lestrade snorted, shaking his head, but he didn’t look up from his files, “It’s already solved. Not so difficult after all.”
Lestrade shrugged his shoulders. "I can’t go around the whole countryside looking for a left-handed man with a game-leg. I’d become the laughing-stock of Scotland Yard.”
When they came into the clearing, Sherlock scanned it with sharp eyes. The Boscombe Pool was thickly wooded round, with just a fringe of grass and of reeds around the edge.
Sherlock was used to John smiling at him but it was usually when he was mildly annoyed or majorly pissed off. A genuine smile with nothing but joy was rare for John Watson, but this, the way his eyes glowed and crinkled ever so slightly, Sherlock had never seen it before.
So hearing that Moriarty was back was more than worth watching Sherlock come back from certain death. Again. But after several long minutes of heated debate with Mycroft, Sherlock only gave John a small smirk before getting into a black car and being whisked away by his brother’s henchmen. John was left reeling. Mary’s hands were wrapped tightly around his arm, keeping him grounded and he was glad for her presence. But looking back, he had to wonder if those hands weren’t keeping him steady, but holding him back. From what? He tried not to let his mind wander there.
Lestrade watched Sherlock with narrowed eyes for a long minute, before he shook his head and sat heavily in his desk chair. “What details?”
John’s step faltered but a quick look at Sherlock told him the other man didn’t know the real reason he was staring so much.
He tried not to feel like a bastard for thinking it. He had a wife and a child on the way here but all he wanted to do was close his eyes for a little while.
The rest of the trip was passed in silence. John tried to read the dime-rack mystery novel he had found under his seat. The plot of the story was so thin, compared to any of the mysteries Sherlock had solved. His attention strayed to his traveling companion.
John used to scream and rush forward but he wasn’t fast enough. Sometimes he would stay on the line and talk Sherlock off the ledge. Sometimes he would catch him.
In John’s absence, the flat was missing something vital. Something like light, or warmth. Or Oxygen.
John watched him move so gracefully, watched the billowing coat and the rippling muscles in his legs. It was beautiful, the energy, the light in his eyes.
So when the train began to slow to a stop, John jumped up from his seat and shoved his arms into his coat. He’d had to take it off twenty minutes into the trip because gripping the armrests so tightly was making him sweat. Sherlock watched dutifully, his features carefully arranged in a mask of disinterest.
Christmas at 221B was in full swing, the sitting room done up in lights and soft carols playing in the background. It was a small party. Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, John’s date Amy-or was it Ashley. Donovan and Anderson had invited themselves along out of morbid curiosity after they heard Greg mention it the day before. Sherlock wasn’t the only one sending them dirty looks.
He went back to solving cases. According to Mrs. Hudson, he’s as lively as ever with his vile experiments and untimely violin concerts.
Curiosity demanded Sherlock stand back and observe but he didn’t want John to get arrested for assaulting an officer in defense of Sherlock’s honor. Again. So he brushed his shoulder against the other man’s and offered him a smile when he looked up. John seemed to relax as he smiled back but the maid returned before Sherlock could say anything.
Mary made it to the bedroom first, John close on her heels. She stopped at the end of the bed and he stepped in behind her, wrapping his arms around her. He kissed and nipped at her neck and held her up when her knees buckled from the attention.
Every now and then, Sherlock’s arm would brush against John’s causing a spark of heat that flared along his entire left side. Every nerve standing at attention where their bodies made contact, and tingling when his arm slid away. And he couldn’t stop turning Sherlock’s confession over in his mind.
“Okay.” Lestrade said with a heavy sigh, calling after Sherlock. “Let’s say you’re right and it wasn’t James McCarthy. How would you find the murderer?”
Everyone stared as he slammed the window shut so hard the glass rattled. Anderson’s mouth was actually hanging open.
There were three drafts of the message he sent to John, each getting more and more brief as Sherlock got annoyed with himself. Sherlock shrugged on his coat and hit send before shoving the phone deep into his pocket. He hated that he couldn’t deny it anymore. His mind was as sharp as it had ever been, capable of solving any mystery put before it. It wasn’t a matter of whether or not Sherlock could solve the case without John. It was that he didn’t want to.
All at once, he surged forward and pulled her into a crushing kiss. One had was in her hair, the other on her back, his mouth moving frantically against hers.
John was strangely chatty at dinner but Mary saw right through it. John was never a particularly talkative man and he had spent the whole afternoon glaring into space. He was trying too hard to act like everything was normal.
“Oh, only the assertion that any of you will be fit enough to travel when your already feeble minds have withered to the size of a peanut.”
“I don’t know.” Sherlock said easily as he replaced his gloves. Shoving his hands in his pockets he started the walk back to the Hatherly Farmhouse without looking back.
“Right.” John gave a brief nod and settled back into his chair. He swirled the scotch Sherlock insisted he drink a few times before downing it. When he looked back up and met the room again, there was a small widening of his eyes like he had forgotten they existed and his smile dimmed. But it never really disappeared.
It hadn’t exactly snuck up on him-the feeling had been following him around all day, whether he liked it or not-but John wasn’t prepared for it when he was standing all alone in the dark outside his house. All of his muscles were wired, twitching to reach out and grab someone, well not just anyone.
The air was stuffy between them as each struggled to pull in enough oxygen with each panting breath.
“John.” Sherlock said. “I’m glad you came. It makes a considerable difference to me having someone who is not worthless or otherwise biassed that I can rely on.”
The whole car stuttered and slammed to a halt, and John’s face smashed right into that spot on Sherlock’s coat, the part that covered the shirt that covered the prominent collar bones that had definitely
Sherlock said, “I’ll tell you about it on the way” at the same time Lestrade said, “A man was killed by blunt force trauma” offering John the file he had found in the mess. “We’ve got two witnesses who saw him arguing with his son just minutes before his death. It’s pretty common.
She reached out and circles her fingers around his wrist lightly, holding his hand where it was against her hip. The touch shoved all the breath from his lungs in a rush that was almost a whimper.
It was damp, marshy ground, and the ground was covered in foot prints, both on the path and in the short grass on either side. Sometimes he would hurry on, sometimes stop dead, and once he made a little detour into the meadow. Then he followed a pathway through the woods until he came to the highroad, where all traces were lost.
Mary spilled over a heartbeat later, her body shaking in his arms. When they had both come down, he slid off of her, careful with his weight, and plopped on the mattress beside her.
When they’d made it through the yard and the wood behind it, they came into a large clearing with a small pond on the boundary between Hatherly farm and Turner’s private estate.
John was just as surprised as Greg but he smiled and silently urged the other man to stop making such a big deal about it. But he kept gawking, and just as John suspected, Sherlock rolled his eyes and threw himself into the open seat beside john mumbling something about never getting the idiot anything again.
Don't be afraid to tell me about any glaring errors, inconsistencies, or confusion with the storyline. This is my first attempt at writing them on a case so positive or negative, any and all feedback helps.
The maid let them all into the house and at Sherlock’s prompting, began to tell them about the day of the murder.
This had been the moment John knew he couldn’t walk away from Sherlock Holmes, when he watched him examine the crime scene in Brixton. His mind racing and his mouth barely moving fast enough to keep up. The deductions pouring out of him and he practically skipped away.
"I fished about with a rake. I thought there might be some weapon or other trace. But how the hell-“ Lestrade was cut off.
“It’s good.” He mumbled, bringing the glass to his lips, pretending to drink. A round of nods, forced smiles and raised glasses passed and the room settled into stillness once more.
He woke before he fell. John’s world was always the one to tip first, even when Sherlock was falling. Sometime it was enough to jar him awake and he wouldn’t have to see the splash of red in the crystal blue and white world. But that’s not what woke him this time. The word that woke him cut through sleep, barely above a whisper, cracking but with so much strength.
“The son wasn’t arrested until after he returned to Hatherly Farm. When he was taken into custody, he said he wasn’t surprised.”
“What was that?” She asked. He could tell by her tone that she already knew. So instead of explaining he said, “I love you.”
His hips jerked and a groan was ripped from his chest. John rested his forehead against the back of her shoulder and breathed heavily, hips still slamming against hers.
He wasn’t sure where he was headed when he closed the front door behind him, but he knew the winter air was so much better than the stifling sitting room. John made a hasty exit after Mary stormed into the bedroom. He wasn’t sure if it was a dismissal or an invitation despite the horrible reception her advance had gotten. He wasn’t willing to find out either way.
Sherlock sprung from the couch and rushed to dress himself. The sooner he got to Scotland Yard the sooner he would have a puzzle to solve. But what then? He would return to his empty flat and…
She rolled over to face him but his eyes were locked on the ceiling. He couldn’t look at her, not when he was washed in all the guilt he deserved but had been holding back for the last few weeks.
I’ve got a homicide but it’s pretty open and shut. I solved it all by myself if you can believe it. GL
Once the initial annoyance wore off, she decided to take advantage of it. They had settled back on the couch to finish their film and before his mind could wander, she placed a hand on his thigh.
To make matters worse, Sherlock spent the whole trip staring at John, most likely seeing through every attempt at nonchalance. His gaze was like a heavy hand brushing over John’s face and along his neck. It was warm and both unwelcome and craved.
John knew that when Sherlock got on that plane he wouldn’t be coming back. He was swallowed up in a swirl of rage, horror, and the kind of emptiness that John hadn’t felt since before he looked up and saw Sherlock with that ridiculous fake mustache.
John was usually the one to scold Sherlock. He was always the one to tell him when something he had done was just a bit not good, that joke he told had terrible timing, that it wasn’t okay to manipulate people for his own personal gain. John was Sherlock’s moral compass so Greg expected some kind of comment, some show of concern that he could’ve hurt someone, or at least that he ruined a perfectly good punch bowl. What he didn’t expect was John to start giggling. His date was caught between furious and stunned looking between Sherlock and John.
His coat was swept aside by the wind and John’s eyes caught on his long rigid body, stretched to the very tip of his toes to examine the tree. The hard line of his back, sinewy muscles stretched taut. And his vision was obstructed again as the coat fell back into place.
The whole thing felt wrong. For years he had done just that but now he knew better. He wouldn’t be able to focus on the case any more than he was able to focus on his experiments. But unlike his experiments he would be missing more that disapproving but resigned sigh, there would be a gaping emptiness to his right.
John tried to look away, he really did but it was right there. And John was too busy-fighting back the inexplicably intense urge to lean forward and just bite it-to look away.
“Anyhow,” Lestrade said sharply. “I have grasped one fact which you seem to find it difficult to get hold of"
“What’s that then?” Greg asked, trying to take back the conversation before anyone got too seriously upset.
John wasn’t a coward, but he had seen a fairly small coin with a fairly large bullet hole in it and a fairly smug blond on the other end of the gun.
There was something in the way Sherlock said his name, something in the way he held his arms gingerly, like he was something precious but tightly, so close to him because he didn’t want to let him go.
"The grass was growing under it. It had only been there for a few days. It corresponds with the injuries. There is no sign of any other weapon."
“Sherlock.” John replied, the only response there would ever be. Saying so much with so little breath.
“Oh you’ve still got a few years left yet, dear.” Mrs. Hudson chimed in, patting his arm reassuringly.
John was on his way ten minutes later, sitting in the back of a cab that was moving much too slow for his taste. Stepping out onto the pavement in front of New Scotland Yard was like a breath of fresh air and finding his way to Sherlock in Lestrade’s office was like coming home.
There was a jagged stone lying among the moss, and John watched Sherlock rush to it and kneel carefully to examined it. He had to throw back the edge of his coat to keep it from the dirt, exposing the lush swell of his ass propped high in the air.
For the most part, Sherlock was his normal self. There were a few moments, though, when John would freeze and think Maybe… without daring to finish the thought.
John swallowed and shook his head as the cab pulled up to the curb, trying to dispel the images that were taking over his mind. It didn’t work.
. So John shouldn’t still feel the heat of a man’s body on the sensitive skin of his wrist. But he does. And he feels the short, sharp puffs of breath on his face.
Mrs. Hudson stood up and started shuffling around the room, uneasy at the mounting tension. “Sherlock probably won’t live to see retirement the way he lives. Guns and criminals and making people angry so much.”
“It’s nothing personal. I just prefer a living space where there aren’t eyeballs where they’re not supposed to be. And we haven’t even touched on the fact that your brother kidnapped me hours after meeting you the first time,” John said as he settled down into the red chair across from Sherlock and sipped carefully at his own tea.
“Shh, I’ve got you,” John’s voice soothed him as his free hand traced up Sherlock’s side while his other hand opened the bottle and coated his cock with more lubricant. John settled again between his legs and stared down at him as he aligned himself. “Do you still want this? We can stop,” John offered, chivalrously and completely unnecessarily.
He was back in the flat at Baker Street, pink suitcase in hand, before he realized he had left John stranded at the crime scene. Perhaps not the best thing to have done, he’d admit, but there was nothing to be done about it. He would just need to engage John again. He fired off a text. When it wasn’t responded to after a minute, he sent off another two.
Sherlock brought John into the room, then closed the door. He stepped close behind John and wrapped his arms around him. His warm hands went under his shirt, fingers scraped gently over his skin, and he shivered as Sherlock’s breath tickled his ear.
“I had a couple of things I wanted to ask you about,” Sherlock said, then cut himself off and reached into his pocket and pulled out his mobile. “Excuse me, I need to check something,” he said, and took a few steps away. He turned so he could watch John and “Alex” in his periphery while he looked down at his phone. Alex stepped closer to John, and the sandy-haired doctor turned his eyes away from Sherlock and to the other man. Alex said something Sherlock couldn’t hear and John nodded, a small smile on his face, and Sherlock heaved a dramatic sigh and stalked back over to the two men who had turned towards him at his outburst.
But Sherlock had pulled him back to shore. He had taken John and Rosie in, made them his family, and made no demands on either of them.
John had been walking a knife’s edge between life and death when he ran into Mike at the park, and that meeting led to another far more life-altering one. It was fleeting. Their time together far too brief. That in itself, though, was a summary of who Sherlock was. He was in and out of John’s life in a flash, shining so intensely John was blinded and could see only him, and now that he was gone he constantly felt the absence of his light. The world around him just a bit duller. It wasn’t as dark as after the war had been, and he had Sherlock to thank for that. But he also had Sherlock to thank for the world he left behind seeming that bit more shadowed.
“Might as well answer it. It’s for you,” he told John, and the smaller man pushed off the wall with a questioning look thrown over his shoulder before he went to the door and pulled it open.
Sherlock was quiet for a moment, thoughtful, before he started to talk. And John listened without a word as they made their way through the park, and then back to the flat as the sun went down.
Knowing John was bisexual didn’t mean that John was interested in Sherlock beyond friendship. He ignored the clench in his chest at that and the way his stomach flipped without his permission. His transport had betrayed him while in his Mind Palace and that was a new and disturbing development.
“Well then you can come along and help me,” he begins as he turns to go back out the door, but then trails off, turning his body and attention back to John. “He?” He asks, and his brows rise slightly in question.
The man’s lips quirked up, obvious pride in his winning of a point at John’s expense clear on his face, before he carefully pulled out a black notebook and flipped through with the air of someone who was intimately familiar with every word that was written within. John recognized it immediately as the notebook his therapist wrote in during his sessions. The notebook was filled with all of the details of John’s life, the ones he bothered to share anyway, and for the first time during this whole melodrama, he felt a glimmer of fear.
He was willing to admit that for a brief moment he wanted to cut all ties from John Watson for the simple reason that his brother seemed to have approved of him in some way, but it was a fleeting feeling of brotherly pettiness and was gone in a moment. The mystery that was John Watson was more stimulating than any feud he might wish to further with his brother. And that was saying something, wasn’t it?
His heart slowed. The sweat on his body cooled. The lump in his throat and the tightness in his chest loosened. He breathed deeply.
John’s hands were gentle on his face again as his thumbs traced under his cheekbones and the look on his face was full of desire, yes, but also wonder, as if Sherlock were something precious and he couldn’t believe he was allowed to touch him like this. He had never felt so treasured before.
“You can pick,” John said as he climbed up the stairs to get his pajamas to change into after his shower. One day down. At least 13 more to go.
John stood there, leaning heavily on his cane, as Mrs. Hudson tutted and shook her head. She said something, but John wasn’t listening and was unable to answer her.
“Bless you,” Sherlock said flatly, and John looked up at him. There had been no way to stop the giggle that bubbled out of him, and after a moment Sherlock started to chuckle as well. After a moment of laughter, John became aware of his position again and carefully shifted off of Sherlock’s lap.
He was lost in his thoughts for what could have been minutes or hours. It wasn’t until his mobile began to ring that he moved more than an inch since he had first laid down. He didn’t bother looking at the caller ID and merely ignored the ringing. He let it ring out twice more before finally answering it.
The music came to an end when dinner was about half-way finished and Sherlock walked into the kitchen a couple of minutes after.
The grey stones were cool under his fingers as he let his hand drag along the wall  as he walked further in. He stepped up to the railing and looked down into the center and the labyrinth that lay underneath. He heard the murmurings of other tourists around him, but he didn’t understand the language they were speaking, so it was easy to ignore the noise. He let his eyes wander up and take in the upper levels of the structure, and he began walking around to take in more.
“Thank you. Was that before or after you stopped by to see Molly?” he asked, eyes on his risotto as he stirred.
Sherlock nodded in agreement but offered no reply. John’s right hand fidgeted with the knee of his trousers under the table as he tried to think of something, anything, to say.
“Oh. Oh, right. Do you have a boyfriend, then? Which is fine, by the way,” he quickly verified when Sherlock actually looked away from the window to John.
“Go get your shoes. We’re almost ready,” John told her, dropping a hand over her curls as she ran past in search of her shoes.
It didn’t matter. He gave himself a shake of his head and told himself to stop being so melodramatic. He was on holiday, a proper holiday, and he was going to enjoy this.
Etta’s voice was filled with the pain that Sherlock had felt the day of John’s wedding to Mary. All those unspoken feelings that had flooded through him as he saw any chance of true happiness for him being swept away by the woman who would eventually put a literal hole to match the figurative one in his heart.
“Since I was young,” Sherlock answered him and opened the door, which was indeed unlocked, and ushered John inside.
John lowered his glass as he realized how close Christmas was. He had had no plans for Christmas beyond that work do he already attended. He had already posted Harry’s gift rather than visit, and Mrs. Hudson had plans to visit her sister for a week starting Christmas Eve.
“As a thank you,” John explained as he reached up and carefully tucked the yellow blossom into Sherlock’s curls. “For putting flowers in your hair.”
In the midst of this, they drank wine and chatted and John held him close the whole night, either holding his hand and squeezing reassuringly or keeping an arm safely around his waist. All night he introduced himself to everyone as his boyfriend and was consistently charming and charismatic. Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of him.
“Yeah?” John took hold of the taller man’s thing hips, thumbs rubbing circles on the dipping V of his muscles, leaning in and feeling the artists delicate puffs of breath on his cheeks.
“…Alright.” John took a deep breath and opened the door. The bell above chimed and a voice resounded from the back of the store
There was a part of him.. the one was currently trying to quiet down that knew and acknowledged he had missed Sherlock deeply from the moment they’d been separated. But there was another part of him that seethed at the lack of explanations as to why they hadn’t seen each other. Because it certainly hadn’t been John’s fault. He’d sent Gladstone with countless letters. But week after week, month after month and year after year each, every single one of them had remained unanswered. He’d gotten no sign whatsoever that Sherlock would or even wanted to ever see or speak to him again. And now he’d just showed up at his class and after just a look had opted for ignoring John. Again. It wasn’t as if he hadn’t recognised him. John could very well see that Sherlock simply had chosen not to acknowledge the fact that their eyes had met, and all the history behind them.
Sherlock snorted at John’s awkwardness “Fine.” He allowed the blonde to rush to the bathroom for a couple of wet flannels and promptly wiped the mess on (and in) himself and John did the same before slumping back down onto the bed and pulling Sherlock close again, the latter resting his head against the model’s chest.
.” Glorious John Watson stepped beside Sherlock, making a point of wrapping a possessive arm tightly against his waist. The critic instantly took a step back, faced with the strong presence of the blonde.
Sherlock didn’t know exactly but he averted John’s eyes anyway, feeling his heart beating faster the more he thought about the way John was looking at him.
They ran into the woman with the bat again, and she let John pet it. He was so astounded by this new world he had suddenly been invited to see. A part of him still felt like he’s outside looking in, but the fact that Sherlock, this strange new boy he barely knew had stepped out to help him...it meant a lot.
John laughed “Well…” he hesitated “I had a lot of fun” he smiled up at Sherlock, who beamed back. They were rather close to each other now, only about a foot apart. Neither was exactly sure of how that had happened.
John was sitting on the closest bench to the door softly smiling to himself, and putting on his boots with his right hand and holding his broom up with his left. His firebolt, Sherlock mentally noted, was in perfect conditions. Showing how much John loved it and cared for it. Sherlock knew John’s family didn’t have much money, which was why he had second hand school and Quidditch robes. He remembered seeing John dreamily lust over the model outside the broom shop at Hogsmeade and as soon as John had retreated to his dormitory that night Sherlock had snuck out of school and went to buy it for his next birthday.
So, John took Sherlock there to re-watch all the classic movies they’d seen as children, Sherlock had put up a token protest but had naturally sat down raptly to wait for John to pop in the movie, blanket in hand. John had draped his arm on the back of the soft and scene after scene, it had somehow crept closer to Sherlock until somehow halfway through the movie it rested comfortably against his neck. Sherlock had been a bright beet red colour for the rest of the movie, and the snarky deductions had halted to a suspicious stop.
Eventually, it got dark enough that they decided to go back indoors. However, instead of heading back to their own common rooms, they silently agreed to finally explore the restricted section in the library Sherlock had promised to show John.
? It wasn’t his fault! And in the blink of an eye, John had been thrust onto his first year at Hogwarts without his friend… without even a word from him. And the silence had persisted for years. Up till now, it seemed. How was John guilty in all of this? Why did he deserve to be treated like this by a boy he’d cared for and stood by all those years?
He reached up to Gladstone with the note, an apologetic look in his eyes. “Sorry buddy, last one tonight I promise”
Sherlock reached behind him and carefully drew out a notebook and pencil from the bedside table. He hoped John wouldn’t mind. Would this be considered as not good? Sherlock frowned. But… he just couldn’t help himself. He opened the notebook at a blank page and looked up at John again. He looked so peaceful, so serene. So beautiful. Sherlock smiled.
Not that John was complaining either. Sherlock was soft and pliant under him, pulling him in with both hands bunched to the front of his winter jacket, as if unwilling to even consider letting him go for a second. He was enthusiastic, kissing John with all he had. He was clearly inexperienced but made it up with sweetness and eagerness, and it was bloody brilliant. John slowly showed him how to tilt his jaw and soothed his ragged desperate breaths with gentle tugs to his silky curls until it was just soft moans and quiet brushes of lips unwilling to separate. Breathing was, unfortunately, still an essential factor to live, and so they had to pull away eventually. They separated panting and keeping their eyes shut, fearing this was all a dream and wanting to stay asleep within each other’s embrace forever.
He kept walking around the class, occasionally stopping behind a student and commenting on their work. Usually, he got stiff backs and maybe a frown thrown his way but today he was getting... thank you's? Surprised looks and smiles? What had changed?
John grinned, feeling predatory all of a sudden. He scratched his nails lightly across the Beauxbatons scalp and relished on the muted hitch of breath and the subsequent clearing of the throat. Then, suddenly, John let go. He retreated his hand and returned it to his book. He pretended to read as he felt Sherlock turn his head to stare at him, curiously. John could still see the scarlet blush in Sherlock’s cheeks from the corner of his eye and tried hard to suppress a triumphant grin.
The questions finally subsided and he scampered off to his section of the gallery, a rather large one where he was pleased to see many people concentrating in, observing and admiring the many paintings of John.
John smiled at the memory, trying not to think about the moment he was sorted, how he had missed the icy eyes that were missing from the Ravenclaw table, where they should have been. He shook himself out of it, always getting a strange sinking feeling whenever he thought about his… friend? Ex-friend? He didn’t even know how to address him even now. After not hearing from him all those years, the unanswered letters, the worry…
Sherlock bit his lip and heart pounding lowered himself onto the ground walked cautiously to the door, after a steady breath opening it in one strong swing.
They stumbled along the flat, the model blindly following as Sherlock pulled him up the stairs into the darkened hallway and pulled him in as his back crashed against what he presumed was the bedroom door. They kissed and kissed and Sherlock patted his hand against the wood of the door behind himself, trying to find the metal of the doorknob and failing miserably. “One moment” he grumbled against John’s insistent lips, he turned as fast as he could and turned the doorknob, pushing the door open with as much force as he could manage and dragging an enthusiastic John into the room with him.
Sherlock pulled his briefs back and on padded silently behind the easel beside the blonde curiously, and promptly chuckled, looking away momentarily. He turned back to the drawing. And once again snickered, raising his hand to try to muffle the sounds. “Oh my god, John” he laughed.
“Well… I’m sure they wouldn’t mind if you came over to our place this summer for a visit. We could show you some more of the magical world” she said, determination taking over the tone of her voice.
“Probably, our waiter can’t wait to go back home to watch pornography from his neighbor's wi-fi” Sherlock laughed.
“Maybe... maybe, this time it will be different” he whispered, rubbing a soothing thumb against one of the blonde’s pectorals.
Sherlock snorted, shaking her hand. “I can. Trust me. John hasn’t changed at all from when he was eleven as far as I can tell” he grinned mischievously at her as John gasped dramatically, hand pressed to his chest.
“I’m sure-“ he slid his hands down Sherlock’s long back under the covers, teasingly, “I can find something” he nibbled at the artist’s earlobe and kept his hands moving down covering the gorgeous round globes of his arse and squeezing him, “-for us to do”.
“Yes,” Mycroft responded, still surveying the model. He let go of his hand. “I have been looking forward to this meeting Dr. Watson. Apologies for the delay. Sherlock is rather irritable when it comes to his apartment and I had to do a background check on you first.”
Judging by the way the blonde had reacted to him so far today he would say he would most likely not be against such behavior. Then again... was that all John wanted? Someone to… shag? They had never really gotten around to talk, being far too absorbed in a repeat performance the morning after, when Sherlock had wrapped his lips and tongue around John’s cock and…
they should have talked about it. They should have clarified what they were doing. He knew that the model would’ve probably not wanted an exclusive relationship with him but… did he not want it so badly that he would pursue someone else right in front of him? Then again, Sherlock had not really expressed sentiment towards him. And it was something the blonde probably didn’t expect or desire from him.
“Jo-hn” he hissed brokenly. “please” he didn’t even know what he was begging for but needed it. He needed John and he needed him now.
Wincing internally Sherlock waited for the scalding remark John was bound to make. This is what always happened.
John stopped in front of the bench right in front of Greg and Molly, who stopped their conversation and looked curiously between John and Sherlock, smiling politely. Molly turned to John, her eyes glinted knowingly.
“Sherlock,” John whispered. He leant in closer, close enough to feel Sherlock’s warm soft breaths mingle with his own. Their noses were inches apart now, almost touching as the hand John had against Sherlock’s chest rose up to cup his friend’s neck. “I-” he breathed. “I… Sher-”
John closed his eyes as he practically dragged himself down the corridor. It was 5 O’clock in the evening, his very first shift this year walking the corridors as a Prefect. And he hoped to Merlin he wouldn’t run into anyone because in the mood he was in he would deduct points for basically anything.
big of a deal and he would keep calm about it. But as the date approached John noticed him painting day and night, obsessing over every detail in his newest paintings.
As soon as Sherlock turned on the lights John's eyes flew to the studio door. It was open and John could just barely peek into the striped white walls inside. He said nothing, however, remembering how last time he had tried to go in Sherlock had instantly panicked.
John looked back at the drawing. He saw himself covering the entire off-white page, his figure lightly outlined with graphite. The shadows were stark, completely making his knees and shoulders pop. John stared into his own eyes on the page, feeling the remnants of the intensity with which he and Sherlock had stared at each other across the room. It was fascinating, seeing oneself the way someone else saw you. Especially through the eyes of the genius that was the man sitting beside him. Even now he could feel the tingle of Sherlock’s gaze on his side, clearly evaluating every reaction John gave to the drawing. How could someone so talented be so doubtful of their own gift?
John was so lost in thought that he missed the sound of Sherlock coming up the stairs and nearly jumped in surprise when the man pushed his bedroom door open and closed it carefully behind him. Sherlock’s hair was still a bit wet, curls heavy and glossy on his head, but he had changed into dry clothes.
John didn’t think Sherlock was aware of this. He was fairly sure if he ever brought it to the man’s attention how affectionately he spoke of his dog growing up, or the stories he shared of the summers spent in France with his grand-mère, that he would stop talking about them. John didn’t want the stories, these windows into the real man behind the consulting detective facade, to stop. So he listened, and smiled behind the safety of his shower curtain, and made sure his words were carefully said to encourage further discussion.
What a waste. He had had such high hopes that this would have been a suitable distraction, but it was just another disappointment. He turned away and made his way out of the flat without another word for the DI or any of the other idiots that were shuffling around the scene of the not-a-crime.
Apparently, Mrs. Hudson had gone shopping. There was a large dog bed on the floor near his armchair, along with some kind of bright red dog toy. He placed the dog down and she made her way over to the bed, sniffing interestedly at the toy before giving it an investigative lick.
He made his way out of the flat and out the door. He needed to meet John this evening to show him the flat, and he had things to do before that.
He closed his eyes in a vain attempt to fall back into the dream that he had woken from, anyway. It was rare for him to want to return to anything he had dreamed, but this one had been rather lovely. Well, part of it, at least.
“Helps me think,” Sherlock replied as he handed John his phone back, and John caught a glimpse of another patch adhered to his inner arm.
“John, if you’re quite finished,” he said as he took a step back and turned to create desperately needed space between them. John surrounded him, suffocated all his senses, and he couldn’t think. He needed distance to rally his thoughts and emotions.
John turned to look at Rosie, who had wandered over a few meters away from where they stood. He turned back to Sherlock who held up the bag in smug satisfaction at having thought of bringing food when it was obvious that John had not.
“Small miscalculation,” Sherlock assured him as the man pulled off his safety goggles. “It’ll dissipate in a moment.”
“Can I help you, John?” Sherlock drawled, affecting as bored a tone as possible as his body attempted to react to John’s physical presence while Sherlock stood there completely nude for all intents and purposes. Sherlock felt a flush of blood rise to his face and cursed his transport for its unavoidable betrayals. Nudity had never bothered him before, not even in front of John, and this was getting to be unacceptable.
He had once been used to the feeling of Sherlock’s clever eyes on him, always watching and observing and making conclusions. He had forgotten, but now, he remembered.
Alexander Campbell could make John happy. There was irrefutable proof right in front of him. Photographs of John’s radiant smile, his arm wrapped around his...boyfriend. Snapshots of a happiness that Sherlock couldn’t give John.
She was completely enamored with the house and garden. The moment her feet touched the ground she took off for the trees that stood in the back of the property without a care in the world. He watched her for a moment, unable to keep the smile from his face as she capered about. When he turned to help with the bags, he found Sherlock staring at him, but he quickly looked away when he caught John’s eye.
So, John played music when Sherlock was out because he could no longer stand the sound of silence. He didn’t like to feel like he was alone in the flat and the music pouring out through the speakers gave him an illusion of company. Sherlock never mentioned it to John and John never bothered explaining why he would turn the music off when Sherlock returned home.
“I love you,” John said. Three small words that changed everything. That confirmed everything. That validated everything they had gone through to get to this point.
When he arrived at the cemetery and made his way to Sherlock’s grave, however, all of his whirling thoughts came to a standstill as he noticed the fresh bouquet of flowers resting on the black stone.
“How are you doing, dear?” Her voice was soft when she stepped closer to him and he turned back to his slicing to avoid looking directly at her.
John braced himself on one hand and used his other to grasp Sherlock’s cock and stroked him, his hand matching the quickening pace of John’s thrusts, and Sherlock cried out as the magnitude of his peak washed over him, his vision whiting out as the pleasure of it surged through his veins. He felt John’s hips stutter, and forced his eyes open to watch as John followed close behind him, his eyes tightly closed as his orgasm stole through him with Sherlock’s name on his lips.
The sound of bells ringing on the telly assaulted his hearing, or perhaps it was just the sound of his blood as it raced through his body, filling his ears, while his heart pounded hard in his chest.
“I don’t have to drink to dance, John,” he retorted and was glad that his voice came out normal. John was so close now that he could smell the soap on his clean skin and the shampoo in his still-damp hair.
John realized he was holding his breath as Sherlock held his gaze. He was waiting, and he wasn’t entirely sure for what, but suddenly Sherlock offered a small, almost shy, smile, and John breathed again. They took up their forks and began to tuck into the meal before them as if it was like any other of the hundreds of meals they had shared. Which it was, of course. Just another meal.
“Oh. Yeah, it’s great. Haven’t had anyone projectile vomit on me yet, so can’t complain,” John joked, and everyone laughed as expected.
“John,” he choked out, his voice so low it barely registered as a word rather than just a sound, and the man looked up at him again. With their eyes locked, John bent forward and kissed the head of his cock through the thin fabric and Sherlock’s hands grasped the duvet of the bed in an effort to ground himself.
“Yes, but they aren’t hideous. Nor are they on a card we mailed to all of our friends and family. Why are we displaying this?”
One day, Sherlock came to the house he had shared with Mary, and John could see that he knew something about her. Where she was or what might have happened to her. He had held Rosie in his arms, bottle in her greedily suckling mouth, and shook his head firmly at his friend. “I don’t want to know,” he had said. Sherlock had opened his mouth and John spoke over him. “I don’t want to know. She left. I don’t want to know, Sherlock,” and Sherlock had closed his mouth and came inside the house. He had made tea for them, and John had finished feeding Rosie. She had been fussy and refused to be put down. When he eventually gave up trying to lay her in her cot for a nap, he had come back down and Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table. “Come back to Baker Street. You and Rosie,” he said and John hesitated. He had stared down at his sleeping daughter in his arms, salty tear tracks crusted on her cheeks. Sherlock couldn’t want this. He hadn’t signed up for babies and dirty nappies and midnight feedings. But Sherlock looked at Rosie, then met his eyes and said “I want you both there,” and John said “Okay”, because he was a selfish man and he couldn’t imagine raising a baby on his own, not when he could have Sherlock in his life, as well. He and Rosie were moved in two weeks later and the house sold a month after that.
“Mother. Our mother. This is my brother, Mycroft,” he answered John before returning his attention to his older brother. “Putting on weight again?” he sneered, frustrated at his brother for deciding now was an appropriate time to interrupt his life.
He took a quick shower and threw on a pair of comfortable jeans and a soft jumper. He briefly considered a touch of product in his hair, then shook his head at himself. It’s just dinner in his own flat. Why would he put stuff in his hair? He did give an extra vigorous rub with his towel for his hair and didn’t bother to comb it, though.
“Oh, my boys” Eliza teared up. “Finally going to school! With wands and everything!” she sniffled. “I miss you both already”.
“This room is incredible” John sighed, looking up at the dome above them. Stars were beginning to peak out from beneath the darkening night. He was sure he had never seen such a vast amount of stars in the city. But, of course, Sherlock would know the one place to see them.
Greg nodded, looking a little more at ease now. He walked alongside John until they reached the stage. Names started being called in and then they started sitting down at their enthusiastic tables.
John watched them, heart pounding and a sinking feeling in his chest. He couldn’t breathe. This had something to do with Sherlock’s father, he was sure. Whatever it was wasn’t good. But why wouldn’t she tell Sherlock? How did it involve him? John wasn’t so sure he wanted to know.
He felt John nod against him with a sharp intake of breath, unwrapping his arms from the artist’s waist and taking his hand instead.
Sherlock huffed out a laugh “I require very little food, John. I function perfectly throughout the day without it”.
“Nothing indecorous for sure” John laid a chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips and pulled back to pick up his bag from the ground and tug the strap above his shoulder. “So how come you have keys from the rest of the school anyway?”
The past couple of days had been... interesting. Sherlock simply couldn’t get his mind stop going back to John’s finger in his hair, his breath so close he could swear he almost felt it against his skin. For a moment he’d wondered what would happen if he turned his head and just… just… just what? Sherlock didn’t know. He’d never done anything like this before and wasn’t John… straight? There was absolutely no evidence pointing to the contrary, and as far as he remembered John had never expressed any kind of crush on any males. Granted, last time he’d seen him with a crush they’d been 11, but he very vividly remembered John expressing something akin to a crush on the ‘Bond girls’ whenever they watched his favourite movies. He also remembered feeling rather resentful of that and not knowing the reason why.
John was standing. He clearly hadn’t moved since he’d stood up and had no doubt been watching as Sherlock maniacally shoved things in his bag.
It didn’t take long to spot them talking in the corner of a hallway. All John had to do was hide behind the people walking the other way towards the Great hall and duck behind the closest statue where the hallways met at a cross section. He was a safe distance away so that if anything happened he could just quickly turn to the corridor at his right and pretend he was never there but close enough to make out what they were saying.
Sally and Anderson were snickering and the rest of the class held a deadly quiet tension, all eagerly awaiting for at least a small glimpse into the mysteriousness that was Sherlock Holmes.
“Do you want to move in?” Sherlock rushed out, not even pretending to go on leading conversation towards it. He had been thinking about this for a while. Whilst he and John had only been in a relationship for 2 months it only made sense. They spent most nights together at his flat, or John’s and both agreed that whatever nights they did not, were unpleasant.  He had thought of asking earlier but had been afraid he was moving too fast, but now right after John’s jealousy over him, he felt safer to ask.
John cleared his throat “Uh… Mycroft Holmes? Sherlock’s brother?” he stepped forward from beside Sherlock’s tense form, not letting go of his hand but stretching out his other in greeting. “John Watson”
John took a deep breath to settle himself before the game and started running towards the Gryffindor locker room, making his mind up to find Sherlock directly afterward and telling that bastard he loved him too.
Two hours later, most of the guests had left the restaurant but they lingered over a shared plate of Tiramisu and the last sips of their bottle of wine. The artist could’ve sworn the lights in the restaurant had been dimmed, and John in candlelight was absolutely stunning. He wondered how he would paint his eyes in this moment, azure, aqua, midnight, a smidge of brandeis, and in the very center glowing eton. The yellow flame reflected in the center of his dilated pupils flickered as he observed him whilst he spoke. His lips would be traced by a touch of lilac at the seam, rosy pink tinged with blood red in the spots where John licked most recently, a touch ruby blending into his tanned warm beige above his lips.
And all of that that added to John’s lustful wanting gaze… Sherlock could not think of a place he would rather be in. He chose a simple pose, with his body angled slightly sideways for John’s perspective to be of his side and chest along with a small portion of his right arse cheek, he rose his right arm and bend it over his head to stretch the muscled along his ribs and give a clearer view of his neck he’d often caught John gawking at.
John smiled at the enthusiasm. Who knows, maybe Trelawney could tell him what the hell he should do next.
As soon as he got comfortable, Sherlock reached into his bag and wordlessly passed John a copy of the year 6 potions book. How he’d known John had a quiz tomorrow without a single mention of John, the Gryffindor had no idea. But he just thanked him fondly and took it from Sherlock’s pale fingers.
John was immediately invested in looking at all the cake options, whilst Sherlock just pointed to the one with the least amount of gum-paste flowers and icing. After they ordered their tea and cakes, Madame Pudifoot led them to a table next to the slightly iced windows. It was a very private and intimate setting and they’re both sat nervously across from each other, suddenly finding themselves in the middle of what was quite obviously an official date. Now there was no room for doubt. And after a small quiet pause, John just smiled and reached back for Sherlock’s hand to tuck it under his in warm reassurance Sherlock was quite grateful for.
They walked around the castle, catching up for hours. John told Sherlock about the time he fell into the icy waters of the lake during his second year and landed on top of a very unlucky mermaid… she hadn’t been very pleased with him, but luckily the giant squid had come to John’s rescue soon enough. Sherlock told John about the time he had snuck into the care of magical creature’s massive dome at his school, searching for Acromantula venom, and had somehow accidentally released about a couple hundred Demiguises into the castle. Fortunately, he hadn’t been caught. Unfortunately, not all the Demiguises had either. They still roamed around the castle, often pranking students and locking classrooms from the inside.
The clock, barely glinting in the early sunshine marked 6 am. A little late but it didn’t matter. It
There it was again. That feeling. What was it? The same as the shimmering of energy one year ago under the tree in the backyard. The rush of heat pushing against his heart and forcing it to pump harder, to make itself heard. A melody… Crying out to be heard from the surface of his chest and his heart beating frantically to follow its rhythm. Electricity. Rushing from his chest to his toes and back up. And warmth. So much warmth crawling to his stomach and up his throat into his cheeks. What was that? He had no name for this. No recognition. He looked into John’s eyes with confusion, hoping to find the answers there but found echoing questions. Two hearts beating in time but not knowing the song.
The blonde stroked his thumbs softly across the small of Sherlock’s back, warmth growing in his chest and his heart beating almost painfully with how much the cared and loved for this man in his arms. The knowledge of how lucky he was, how lucky THEY were to have found each other, resonating in every shared breath, every second of silent communication through their eye contact.
Sherlock blinked “…okay.” He didn’t sound convinced, but thankfully, he let it go. “So… guess we’re gazing into our futures today, huh?” Sherlock joked feebly, nodding to the crystal balls in front of them.
“I'm Sherlock’s mother, Elizabeth. But you can call me Eliza.” She smiled again, more surely this time. She extended a slender hand and shook John’s warmly. “How-?”
John cupped Sherlock’s face in his hands and once again touched his forehead to Sherlock’s. The taller boy was trembling under his fingertips, silent tears rolling down his cheeks as he felt waves of past pain that still stung low in the core of his heart. Burning memories of the lonely years without anyone that understood him, or even bothered trying to. They both had their eyes tightly shut, the only sense surrounding them both was the overwhelming feeling of being in each other's arms at last.
The Ravenclaw walked down the narrow hall from the field, where all the Gryffindor team was gathered without John in sight and towards the Gryffindor locker room feeling slightly anxious about seeing his friend. He peered into the locker room through the small crack in the door that shed a single strand of yellow light into the dark corridor.
“You need to push me, John.” Sherlock interrupted him. “If I jump… maybe my body won't react properly. I need you to push me off.”
He’d felt John being tense over the last couple of days. To be precise since the day John had left to retrieve his homework and left Sherlock in the library. Perhaps John was mad that Sherlock had left? But he had helped him the following day…
Sherlock’s classroom was nice, it had a couple of windows and it was expansive, with clean off-white walls and wooden floors with spatters of paint that gave it an artsy charming vibe. But this room… this room was incredible. The entire sprawling ceiling was a circular glass dome that sunk upwards into the sky, and the second half of the room, the far end, was composed entirely of glass walls. And the view… the view was nothing short of absolutely spectacular. The city spread out into the distance, you could very faintly see the glimmer of the Thames and the minuscule shapes of the London eye and the big ben tower. “Oh my God… Sher-“
“I’m fine. This was barely a 4” Sherlock shrugged. He nodded at John, who getting the hint turned to leave the scene with one last concerned look at the man lying at the center of the room. Sherlock began to follow but before he left completely he quickly turned to Lestrade “Thank you” he whispered.
The artist paused, biting his lip “Could you- I mean, would you like to come over?” he asked shyly.  “I mean, we don’t have to do anything but-“
You could almost see the disgust vibrating off of Sherlock’s father in waves. The shock and the fury in the strain of his neck and the crumbling self-control in the snarl of his lips. He took John by the shirt in one single sudden snatch. “You LITTLE-“
Every now and then Sherlock would pause and say “Change pose now” and John, without taking his eyes off of Sherlock for one second would instantly switch his body into a different but somehow just as intricate and thought out pose.
The entire class, including Sherlock, looked up from what they were doing to catch their first glimpse of the new model and were met with the kind eyes of John Watson. His body, however, did not say kind at all. He was a short man there was no denying, no taller than 1.70m, but he was extremely well built and stocky. His entire upper body screamed military as well as the way he held himself when he paused to adjust his bag and take in his surroundings when he walked in. Sherlock swallowed as he took in the rest of the man. He was balancing his weight on a cane but his entire posture was upright as if he was carrying it as an accessory instead of necessity. When he started walking again Sherlock noticed the complete shift as he put his weight onto the cane and limped forward, ‘
“I took it easy on you.” Sherlock said to the pages of ‘Hogwarts, A History’.  “Besides,” Sherlock finally looked up to meet John’s eyes. “We practiced as Quidditch beaters. You’ve never seen me play seeker”.
Sherlock smiled minutely to himself, aware Molly and Mike were both observing him for some unknown reason. Perhaps they hadn’t done their homework, though coming from Molly at least that seemed highly unlikely. Deciding to ignore whatever was going on with his students Sherlock reached into his bag and drew out a big almost brand new sketchbook he reserved for lessons when he decided to join his students. He usually reserved such lessons for when he trusted his students enough not to have to check on them every 5 minutes but alas, he could not resist. Not with not knowing if he would ever get John as a model again at any time soon and taking advantage of having him to draw from instead of having to rely solely on memory. No matter how good his memory was.
Five hours had gone by and for once his mind was not buzzing with possibilities and ideas and corrections for his painting. It wasn’t exhausted from trying to perfect everything. His thoughts just flowed calmly like a winding river. He felt calm and almost...almost whole at last.
The Beauxbatons struggled. “Let me go! We were just joking around! If you knew him at all you’d understand! He’s not worth saving, mate!”
“Smell. To be accurate a different smell for everyone who comes into contact with it. The receptor will perceive the potion’s smell as whatever they find most attractive, whether they are aware of it or not.” Sherlock answered clearly uninterested in the points but unable to stop the flow of knowledge passing through his cupid bow lips.
“I’m sorry I’ve caused you pain these last few days.” John sighed, gripping the artist’s hand tightly “I should’ve explained why Sarah had taken my phone. I should’ve known. I could see you were upset, but I didn’t want to pry and I-”
had he been even feeling like this? He felt like he had recognised that the hole that had been carved in his chest had just been aching for Sherlock all these years... and not just Sherlock’s company. Not just his presence. He’d been aching
Trying not to eavesdrop too much Sherlock sat behind his desk and scribbled furiously into his notebook about everything more he had learnt about John. Instantly the contrast between the notes about John and the notes about every other model Sherlock had ever had in his classroom was absolutely massive. Other models never expanded on Sherlock’s views, never reacted with admiration let alone curiosity as to how Sherlock had figured them out. Sherlock did not understand why John was different than them and why he did not seem to be scared or angered by Sherlock’s observations.
The boy in front of him snorted “Of courthe not don’t be thilly! I’m clearly around the thame age as you if not the exact thame. People under the age of theventeen can’t uthe magic outside of thchool everyone knowth that”
“Welcome to Divination! Take a seat! I reserved this empty chair just for you, my dear! Saturn warned me of your unexpected coming!” she exclaimed in her sing-song voice whilst motioning him to the chair with her wiry long and heavily ringed fingers.
He wove past players, zig-zagging his way onto the other side of the pitch. He focused on his surroundings, quickly calculating the speed of the snitch and how much it could’ve moved in the past 30 seconds it took him to get there. He turned around pulling up his broom to get onto a higher level.
“Come on, you. We need to clean ourselves up” his lover laughed softly against the damp skin of his collarbones.
“I-I had no idea this w-would... “ Slughorn stammered. John shot him an angry glare as he swung Sherlock’s left arm across his shoulders and half carried him towards the exit to take him to the hospital wing.
“But… but she was typing her number on your phone! She was hitting on you” His voice was small and soft, trying to make John understand.
Sherlock looked so dumbstruck by John’s words the latter couldn’t help but giggle softly, watching Sherlock blink rapidly whilst trying to process John’s words and feeling a rush of fondness for the man before him. He smoothed his thumb across Sherlock’s cheekbone
a “Quidditch”. John smiled, instantly wanting to know everything he could from this strange world lying just under everyone’s noses. He caressed the covers as he passed reading them as fast as he could.
Sherlock snapped out of it, turning to look at Lestrade “Of course. Come along John!” he called, walking rapidly inside the hotel’s lobby and knowing John would follow right behind him.
He closed his eyes and felt John pull up the sheet around them, “Goodnight, Sherlock”, he kissed his temple tenderly.
John had heard enough, he felt like his whole mind blanked instantly. Heart pounding and head spinning he slowly stood up to walk over to Sherlock but when he turned around he and Irene were gone and he was standing alone in the corridor.
John looked around as Sherlock reached behind himself and turned the light to the main room of the flat on. His heart beating a little faster with nerves. He was rather messy, now that he looked around his apartment.
letting him see how these past few weeks… had been so nerve-rackingly incredible. And if he let himself dream and hope he could almost fool himself into believing that John did it all on purpose. The lingering looks beneath lowered eyelids, the accidental brushes of hands, the teasing…
“OW! UGH!” Sherlock had attempted to turn them over so John wouldn’t hit his head with the fall but the result had been falling sideways where he slammed the side of his own face against the ice. He was fairly certain John was alright, though, judging by the grunt of pain instead of a cry.
Taking the hint, John opened his mouth against Sherlock’s and traced his tongue with his own. And then it was all the wet heat of another mouth, the warmth of another tongue curling against his and the soft plush of pulling lips. He bit Sherlock’s delectable lower lip and was rewarded with the sound of the artist moaning in surprise into his mouth. Sherlock tasted of honey and tea and John never wanted to taste any other pair of lips.
“Quite, John. Look at the colour of the ice. If it was thinner, you would be able to see the water below. But it’s all white.” He went off talking about other pigments he could see on the ice as John hesitatingly repeated the process Sherlock had done on his own shoes and joined him, with a wobbly tiptoe.
John wasn’t watching the entrance when the last few students strode in. John wasn’t watching when one of them, a young boy with curly brown hair and icy eyes stood under the massive wooden gates for a moment, wearing under his light blue robe the same shade of vest a white dress shirt and perfectly tailored trousers. John wasn’t watching when one of his teachers rushed the boy inside when he had stopped to stare at the hall in absolute awestruck wonder.
“Oh… yeah. Of course, we can go there, John”. Sherlock breathed. His relief lasting only a few moments before he wondered when the blonde would tell him about the woman, and then another stab of hurt thundered through him.
Sherlock stepped up next to him, holding out a thermos and a paper bag. John took the thermos and took a careful sip, the scent of freshly brewed coffee wafting from the lid before the first amazing taste of high quality beans hit his tongue and he hummed in appreciation. “Ta, this is fantastic.”
The sun had gone down while he was inside and took whatever meager warmth it had provided during the day with it. He shoved his hands in his coat pockets and briefly wished he had thought to grab his scarf that morning before he left for work, but no matter. He had begun to walk towards the nearest tube station, his thoughts fluttering from one topic to the next, when he found himself standing in front of a small bookshop. The window display was filled with different books. A biography, some new fiction titles, some teenage vampire or werewolf book by the looks of the cover, and a cookbook.
It appears things are finally moving in the direction that Sherlock hoped they would for John and Alex. Or at least, that's how it seems...
His coworkers were nice enough, he supposed. He hadn’t really spent much time getting to know them beyond the required workplace niceties in the weeks he had spent working there before he was invited to a pub night. One of the nurses had made a point of inviting him and explaining how they tried to get together once every month or two in an effort to build a sense of camaraderie between them. John rather thought it sounded like complete shite. He had been a soldier. He knew all about building camaraderie with your fellow soldiers and he rather thought a single pub night wasn’t likely to ever be enough for that, but he also didn’t have any real reason to decline other than being the sad sod he knew himself to be. He wanted to decline. He had no desire to go out with these people he hardly knew and drink a beer in a crowded or noisy pub between other people he didn’t know, but he found himself nodding and accepting anyway.
“What would you wish for?” John asked as he gingerly plucked the dandelion that Sherlock still somehow held in his fingers.
He could feel as Sherlock’s attention shifted to him. Felt the cushion decompress as the detective shifted closer to him on the back seat. John turned to look at him, to take in the face that had become so familiar and synonymous with “home” and “safe” and “friend” to him since his return to London. He smiled at his friend and didn’t bother to hide the fondness behind it. Sherlock was his friend, and he was more than allowed to be fond of him.
“I didn’t peg you as the kind to fall into bed after a first date,” John teases playfully as he turns his head to look at Sherlock.
He briefly considered what to do about the bag. In the past, he would have yelled at Sherlock for putting that in the fridge. At the moment though, he didn’t feel like yelling. He almost felt like laughing. Whether from joy or amusement or insanity, he wasn’t sure. In the end, he just set to work making mushroom risotto for dinner.
John nodded in agreement as his eyes drifted back to the dog. Her tail was still wagging, though not quite as hard as before, with her mouth open and her tongue lolling out as she smiled in that way dogs did. John smiled.
He put down his empty mug on the table, then leaned back into the couch cushions and let his body relax. There was still more to do, of course. There always was the night before Christmas. Especially with Rosie and the traditions that he hoped to pass along to her. He hadn’t followed the ones he grew up with in a long time, but there were some he enjoyed and wanted to share.
She was a new nurse at the clinic, and they hit it off right at the beginning. John was attracted to her quick wit, her cleverness, and she was more than pleasing to the eye with her curves and auburn curls. For her part, she seemed to find John equally enjoyable. Her laughter at his jokes was genuine, and she even read his blog, or so she said.
John eventually turned to look at him as the silence stretched between them. There were a million things that Sherlock wanted to say then, to confess, but he couldn’t make any sound come from his throat. He simply watched John, saw the way his eyes widened in a moment of panic at the silence.
“At least the wine bottle didn’t break. I think I’ve had enough for tonight, though,” he mumbled to himself, then stood and walked to the kitchen, pushing his way past his dead flatmate, his shoulder brushing against solid, living warmth, and he put the bag on the kitchen table. Went into the automatic motions of making tea, because fuck if he didn’t know what else to do at that moment.
“Yes, apologies. My name is Alexander Campbell. I was hoping to get your help regarding a matter of missing funds for a non-profit clinic I help run. There are some discrepancies that have become hard to ignore. We’ve contacted the police, but they are unable to help, it seems. I’ve read about you and thought I would seek out your services.”
He wasn’t trying to be rude as he knocked and called her name again, but he didn’t want the breakfast to get cold.
He chuckled at his own thoughts, then shook his head. He should really get back home. It had only been three drinks, but he knew that if he didn’t leave soon, he’d have a fourth and that wouldn’t bode well for his Saturday. While he enjoyed a few drinks on a Friday night, he was really getting too old for the Saturday morning hangover. His body just wasn’t what it once was.
The problem was his meddling older brother. In some deep and ignored part of him, he knew his brother meant well, but that didn’t stop him from resenting being treated like a child. In order for Sherlock to have unrestricted access to criminal investigations, Mycroft required he find a flatmate. The man held enough sway over the government that he could keep him away regardless of whether or not he was called upon by the powers that be. It was hateful, and Sherlock was loath to admit it was his own fault for poor choices made in his not so distant youth that his brother held such power over him, but there it was.
“St. Bartholomew's,” the cabbie’s voice cut through Sherlock’s spiraling thoughts and he passed a few notes to the cabbie while uttering an absentminded “thank you” as he climbed out of the backseat and onto the pavement.
That smile struck something deep inside Sherlock and he almost gasped at the sight of it. It was the smile of a happy John and he had been the one to put it there. It wasn’t like the one he had been certain that John was missing. That big smile that stretched across his face. That one was lovely, of course, but this one. This one, with its soft edges and warm eyes, this was a smile that spoke of peace, acceptance, happiness. Of love.
John looked at him but didn’t provide an answer. Sherlock found himself slightly irritated at the silence.
A quick deduction, an address and a name, a wink (people seemed to like it when he winked), and he was out the door and off to his old flat to finish packing and move into Baker Street that evening. He would win over the doctor, he was sure of it, and Mycroft would have to back off.
He swallowed hard, eyes locked on Sherlock’s hand that had stopped brushing at crumbs, but hadn’t moved away.
“Thank you, Molly. I owe you one,” he promised, and Molly waved his thanks away as she turned back to her work. John made his way out of the hospital and off to his next destination.
Sherlock watched as John returned with the eggnog and chocolate biscuit and handed them over with a smile.
Of course, it could be. This was John. If John thought Sherlock wasn’t interested in relationships, interested in sex, he would never have pushed anything. He would have, and he had, accepted what he considered to be the truth of the matter. And Sherlock had never intentionally done anything to dissuade him of that impression, had he? He kept John at arm’s length before his fall because he believed sentiment would drag him down, slow him, and when he came back he was so desperate to just be in John’s life again that he had never explained to him how the thought of coming home to him was the only thing that kept him going while he was away. How do you confess to your straight best friend that you were helplessly in love with them? You didn’t. Not and hope to keep them. So he didn’t. Another year of holding him at arm’s length when all he wanted was to bury his nose in his silvery sandy hair and breathe in everything that he had missed.
Sherlock watched him for a moment, mind racing. That was unexpected, both the conversation and the physical displays of interest. His stomach gave a somewhat pleasant flip, but he ignored it and pushed the feeling down. He needed John to share the flat and entering into any kind of romantic relationship would bury any chances of that happening. He didn’t exactly have a stellar track record for relationships, and as intriguing as John was, now was not the time to test it. No. Better to nip this in the bud before it escalated.
Joy bounded up to him upon his entrance, completely uncaring about his sour mood, and wagged her tail happily as he gave her a distracted pat on the head. He tossed his satchel and coat onto his chair as he grumbled under his breath about poncy gits with superiority complexes and compensation issues.
“Oh, er. I just wanted to say thank you, again, for putting this together. Rosie had a great time, as you know, but I really enjoyed myself as well. This was nice. Just... spending time together.”
“You know,” Sherlock began haltingly, his fingers tightening gently in their hold on John’s hand, “I’ve been considering turning the upstairs bedroom into a laboratory.”
This one was going to be no different. He could tell by the gleam in Sherlock’s eye that John would not be getting out of whatever hairbrained idea he had in mind. He also knew that he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself if Sherlock managed to get himself hurt and John hadn’t been there.
Sherlock had expected a certain amount of anger in response, but he was somewhat surprised by the hurt that ran in an undercurrent to John’s anger.
“I’ll be back later,” he threw over his shoulder as he yanked on his gloves and practically ran down the stairs, unable to stay in the suffocating feeling that settled over him in the flat.
John let him go after a moment and he stood up. He crossed the room, the cool air causing goosebumps to rise all over his skin, and went into the loo. While he waited for the water from the tap to warm up, he looked at his reflection in the mirror. Curls in complete disarray, chest, and face still flushed, a darkening love bite along his collarbone that should bruise quite nicely. He looked a mess and he absolutely loved it. Visible, physical proof of what he and John had just done was written into his very skin.
John swallowed his bite, glancing at her as his mind tried to recall her name. She was new, he knew that much. He had finally memorized the names of his other co-workers thanks to the sheer amount of time spent with them working a steady job.
“Add more gin. No one will want to talk or deal with Lestrade while sober if he shows up in that jumper.”
“You’re welcome to stay if you need to. Everything is in your room as you left it. There should be clean linens in the closet.”
It was a small party. Lestrade had arrived alone, but Molly had shown up with her new beau, who Sherlock actually seemed to approve of, and Mrs. Hudson was there, of course. Mike and his wife had come and were currently enjoying the gin-heavy cocktail. John poured a glass of the wine that Greg brought for the DI and for himself and made his way around the room as Rosie entertained everyone with stories about elves and Saint Nick.
“Thank you for coming here with me,” Sherlock suddenly said, his voice quiet, and for a moment John wasn’t sure he actually heard anything until he continued. “You and Rosie being here is...good.”
“What brings you here, Greg?” John asked, deciding that there was no reason to not just jump right in to whatever was happening. He didn’t think that it had been Greg that had been following him that morning, but he couldn’t discount the man either.
“Thank you,” he replied, sincerity clear in his voice, and he elected to ignore the way Sherlock’s eyes locked on to him at that moment. It was anyone’s guess what Sherlock could read in that response or John’s face or how he held his hands. Better to just pretend that he wasn’t staring at him and focus his attention on his daughter.
John leaned into the kiss, parting his lips and carefully pulling Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own as he sunk his fingers into his dark curls. Sherlock made a soft noise of approval and when John felt the gentle pressure of Sherlock’s tongue against his lip he gladly opened his mouth to let him in. Tongues met and slid hotly against each other and they both groaned. Sherlock tasted of the merlot and chocolate mousse from their pudding that evening. His hands moved from John’s face to his shoulders, then down his arms and around his back, pulling him closer on the bench. It wasn’t exactly comfortable, but John didn’t care. He lost himself in the kiss, the press of tongues and lips, and the nip of teeth. They stayed like that for minutes or hours. John didn’t know or care and would have continued that way, happily snogging like teenagers, except that the clouds that had left seemed to have made their reappearance. The sky opened up and heavy drops of rain fell without regard for their incredibly intimate and life-changing moment.
John pushed back into Sherlock, then, guiding him back to the bed as they shared kisses that were far more gentle than John would have expected in that moment. When Sherlock’s knees hit the mattress, John pushed one more kiss against his lips before he pulled back.
So he sat, or rather stood, between people he didn’t know and kind of hated them, and the Tube, and a little bit himself, as well.
John looked away from the other man. He glanced out the window and wasn’t surprised to find they were in front of the flat. He sighed, then opened the door and climbed out with Joy without a word.
Something about soap bubbles and hot water just made the shower a perfect wanking place, and he let his mind wander as he held himself tighter, then pinched a nipple with his free hand. He groaned quietly, the sound swallowed by the sounds of the water from the tap, and moved to pinch the other nipple.
“Mm,” John confirmed with a nod, unable to answer as his mouth was full of the creamy sauce and chicken.
John wouldn’t push. Not on this. He would simply wait. And if Sherlock never wanted to talk about it, John would let it go.
“Yeah, I suppose. I don’t like eating the same meals all the time, so I kind of have to cook different things.”
“Were attracted,” John clarified. “ We were attracted. Of course, we were attracted to each other. We were together for nearly 3 years.”
John’s hands came up and cradled his face as their eyes locked, inches away from each other. John stood in the vee of his legs and the warmth of his body seeped into the thin layer of his trousers and spread through to his own body. The doctor’s eyes were intense on his, the dark blue nearly black in his arousal, and Sherlock closed his eyes in an effort to calm his body.
“John, did you hear me? Hurry up. Homicide. Warehouse. Now.” He commanded, and John offered him a questioning “hmm?” in response while safely hiding behind the shower curtain.
Alex turned to leave without a further word. Sherlock sat at the table, still pretending to be focused on anything other than John, while his mind whirled. John stayed where Alex left him without moving. Sherlock simply watched him, his mind trying to figure out and decipher exactly what he saw, but his brain refused to acknowledge the information. In any other person, Sherlock would see what he saw and deduce the obvious past relationship that ended with hurt on both sides. But that didn’t make sense here. John wasn’t gay. John couldn’t have been in a relationship with another man. Therefore, what he saw wasn’t what he saw. So what did he see?
John felt his stomach drop. He hadn’t considered a possible future where Sherlock would ever be further than a cab ride away. He hadn’t considered a future where he was further than a staircase away, either, not in years, and he found the possibility left a horrible taste in his mouth. He took a sip of his tea to try and smother that bitterness, but he wasn’t surprised when it didn’t make any difference.
Sherlock was sitting at their kitchen table, eyes focused on whatever he was checking through the lens of his microscope when John walked down the stairs from his room.
They were eating dessert and their glasses were nearly empty. She had been smiling coyly and flirting unapologetically the whole evening, and John was fairly sure the night would be ending in her bed. At the very least it would end with a goodnight snog and promise of a second date. At least, he was sure it would have, had he not at that moment glanced out the window and saw a very distinct figure racing past the window. He watched for a moment, the dark coat flying behind the man as he chased after someone.
The gift had been a struggle to keep hidden from him. He had kept it at work for the longest time and then forgot about it on purpose. He didn’t want to ruin the surprise and hiding something this big, this important, from the most observant man he had ever known, probably in the world, was no easy feat.
They pulled back for a breath and John bent his mouth to Sherlock’s neck, pressing kisses and gentle bites into that porcelain skin as he had so often imagined.
When he served out the risotto and they each took a seat, Joy finally ambled into the kitchen to investigate. She nudged John’s knee with her head and he scratched her ears before turning to his dinner.
John stares at his friend for several moments. Sherlock looked completely serious as he listed off qualities of Rosie that John would attribute to Sherlock rather than him.
Sherlock started to turn and when John didn’t stop him, he finished turning to look at his friend who had his face down and away from him.
He turned away to look out the window, mentally cursing himself as he chewed on the inside of his cheek. He needed John to take the upstairs room, and here he was letting his mouth run away with him in a way that everyone hated. People hated it when he deduced them like that. Why had he…
“What are you doing?” John asked bemusedly as Sherlock opened up the phone and pulled up the forward-facing camera. He held it up over them and John laughed.
It was the second page of hits that got his attention in an unexpected way. He had scrolled halfway down the page when he found what appeared to be an old personal website. He clicked on it and was immediately presented with a clearly abandoned blog. He quickly read over a few of the entries, though he wasn’t sure why he bothered. It was all from years ago. There was one entry where he mentioned medical school and Sherlock scanned down the post until he found a somewhat grainy scanned in photo of a group of five young men that appeared to have been taken in front of a rugby pitch. Three of the men were in their rugby kit and were covered in bits of grass and dirt. Alexander Campbell was one of the two not in uniform, but rather in jeans and a university sweatshirt. He was centered in the photograph with his arm wrapped around the shoulder of the man on his left.
There was a perfect yellow circle caught in his dark curls. Sherlock must have missed it when he went to clean them from his hair before he put Rosie down for her nap. It was completely charming, and John couldn’t help the soft chuckle that bubbled up. Sherlock turned back to him, a prim eyebrow reaching towards his hairline.
John pressed closer, then dropped to his knees in front of Sherlock, his hands at his belt and trousers. He dipped his fingers into the waistband and Sherlock lifted his hips off the bed so John could pull his trousers down and off, along with his socks.
When his breathing and heartbeat slowed he tried to sit up, but John grasped his forearm to pull him back down, and Sherlock turned to look at him. John’s eyes were on him, sharp and clear, and Sherlock didn’t hold back his smile. He leaned over him and claimed his mouth with his own in a languid kiss.
When Sherlock didn’t respond, John took a deep breath and centered himself for the conversation they were about to delve into.
John tossed the lube beside him on the bed and let his hands trace up the back of Sherlock’s thighs, trailing through the sparse dark hair there, and up to his arse where he gently kneaded the muscle there. His eyes roamed over the expanse of his back, the skin that bore the scars of a body used to physical altercations, but still perfect in John’s eye. The heavy weight of his cock and balls as they hung between his legs. John’s thumbs traced through the crease of Sherlock’s body and his back arched as they trailed over his entrance.
“I barely know the man,” John answered honestly. He didn’t know what was going on, but he wasn’t planning on getting mixed up in it. Nor would he give away any information that would put Sherlock in danger.
Sherlock didn’t even bother to mention that he had already asked the same questions and he noted that Mr. Campbell never bothered to correct him either.
A specialist being recalled? Why would John care? Why would he come to tell John something like that? Who could be recalled and from what?
A warm palm on his shoulder had him opening his eyes and John offered him a smile and a cup of tea. Sherlock accepted them both, though he couldn’t return the smile. He took a sip of the tea, which had cooled almost too much, but it was sweet and perfectly brewed, and reminded him of easier days and weeks and he finished it before he was ready for it to be over.
He had seen and done things that he never wanted to do. John could see it in his face, which was both alarming and somewhat comforting. Sherlock’s mask was still there, but it slipped more than it ever had before as he spoke.
He had mourned for two years. For two years he lived with nightmares of his friend jumping, his body on the ground, his body in the ground. He had visited his grave countless times and left flowers, talked to him, confessed things to him that he never told anyone else.
“Right. So you’re unattached, like me. Good,” John said, then licked his lips before he turned back to his food.
Then, “What about you, Alex? Are you seeing anyone these days?” John asked and Sherlock couldn’t tell if the question was John being polite, John trying to turn the subject away from his relationship or lack of relationship, or whether John wanted to know if Alex was still available for far more personal reasons. He hated not knowing. And he hated how it made him feel. He already knew Alex wasn’t in a relationship and he could clearly see the interest he still had in John. He couldn’t stand there anymore and listen to this conversation. Couldn’t stand to hear John’s voice ask Alex to dinner or a movie or some other insipid “date” type venue when his previous boyfriend confirmed that he wasn’t seeing anyone. Even though this had been his plan, to bring John and Alex back together, he couldn’t bear to be a witness to it.
The moment seemed to stretch between them until Sherlock couldn’t wait anymore. He leaned down at the same moment John pushed up on his toes and their mouths met in a surprisingly gentle kiss. Soft, warm lips came together in tender exploration while John’s arms wrapped around him and pulled him closer. He tightened his hands on John’s hips and John hummed appreciatively in the back of his throat. Sherlock smiled into the kiss and a moment later John pulled away.
It had been tossed in a pile of discounted wrapping papers that apparently no one wanted and the moment John saw it he picked it up and carried it right to the register.
Sherlock watched as John shut his eyes with a soft, pained look on his face. He was about to stand up and demand to know what was being said, but then Alex leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss on the doctor’s cheek and Sherlock’s mind went completely blank.
Dark blue and sea-green eyes were locked together and after several moments of silence, Sherlock reached out and looped one long pinky finger around a small pinky and gave it a brisk shake.
Of course, he still ordered takeaway. There were some things that just tasted better as takeaway and he was sure that he would never change his mind on that. Yes, he was fairly certain he could make a decent General Tsos if he wanted to, but why go through the trouble when there was a perfectly fine Chinese restaurant a couple blocks away? It simply didn’t make sense to stop ordering delicious food because he could make it himself now.
Apparently, he was a man who would look at the devastation of yet another completely ruined attempt at a home-cooked meal, order takeaway on his mobile because he had to eat somehow, and go back to the fridge to see what he had left to cook with the full knowledge that he wouldn’t make anything edible, but was unable to back down.
“Why, the men he dated after, well, after you, dear,” she explained and her voice went soft. “He was so heartbroken after you left, Sherlock. It was like living with two ghosts in this flat for the longest time. A little over a year after he started dating again. I’ll admit it was partially on my behalf that he did. He was just so sad and I hated to see him that way. I thought maybe dating someone would help him. I ran into Mrs. Turner’s married ones one afternoon, you know, and they were having a little get together and they invited me. Told me to bring along John. So I did. I tell you, that was quite an undertaking, convincing him to go with me somewhere that wasn’t the shops. But he went with me and he ended up chatting with this nice gentleman for most of the evening. Tall and strawberry blonde, he was. They went out a few times after that. Never came here, though. I don’t think John liked the idea of bringing his dates here.”
Sherlock sat down on the couch after accepting two mugs of tea from Mrs. Hudson and passing one to John. John smiled as he sipped his tea and watched his daughter talk excitedly about the new dress that she had unwrapped.
John’s simple two-word confession brought back a  trigger memory of that physical sensation. His breath knocked out of him as his lungs refused to take in the necessary oxygen his body and brain needed to function and piece through this new data.
“I rather thought the fun was in the action,” Sherlock answered and John’s brow arched up.  “Yes. It’s interesting to think about the fantasy, to plot, but the fun is in the execution of the fantasy,” Sherlock continued.
He popped off, pressed a kiss to the tip of Sherlock’s cock, then climbed back up and took Sherlock’s mouth in a heated kiss. Sherlock’s arms wrapped around his body, and John let his hands trace up and down Sherlock’s sides. He shifted his legs as he straddled Sherlock’s hips and the moment their cocks aligned both men moaned at the friction.
John swallowed past the hard lump that appeared in his throat, all of his earlier playfulness completely forgotten.
John propped himself up against the window frame, crossed his arms, and let his sight drift to whatever caught his attention. He watched cars and taxis weave in and out of traffic. Watched locals walk down the pavement with heads down and speed in their steps, dodging around tourists with cameras who plodded along at a much slower rate.
His breathing quickened and his cock demanded attention after a minute, and he let his right-hand trail down his chest and abdomen before he got to his waistband, where he quickly flicked the button and pulled down the zipper to ease the pressure. He reached his hand into his pants and grasped himself with a bitten off groan. The twin sensation of his cock in his hand and his nipple being pinched between his fingers sent shooting spikes of pleasure through his body and he knew he wouldn’t last long. He released his cock and nipple and quickly pushed his trousers and pants down past his hips. Once his cock was free of all its constraints he took himself back in hand and gave his cock a long and leisurely stroke that he imagined came from a smaller, tanned hand. He pushed his head back into the sofa as his hand sped up on his cock. His thumb flicked over the head, collecting the wetness that gathered at the tip and helped to ease the way. He briefly wished he had thought to move to the bedroom and his supply of lubricant before he started, but he was so close and the friction so delicious that he quickly forgot to think about anything other than chasing his impending orgasm. His mind conjured up the imagined weight of his friend pressing him down into the sofa and he swiftly sucked a finger into his mouth, wetting it hastily as his right hand stroked himself. He reached his hand down past his bollocks and pressed his slicked finger against his entrance. He felt the muscle give and tighten against him as he eased his finger in up to his first knuckle. His hand flew over his cock and pulsed in his hand before he spurted long streams of white over his stomach and the ring of muscle spasmed around his finger, and his vision seared white behind his closed eyelids. He carefully removed his finger as the feeling came back to his extremities. His heartbeat and breathing slowed  and he opened his eyes. He tasted the metallic tang of iron-rich blood on his tongue. It appeared he had bit his lip hard enough to draw blood to keep from crying out when he hit his climax, judging by the jagged piece of skin he could feel on the inside of his bottom lip.
“Mr. Holmes?” the man said as he entered the room fully and Sherlock took in his appearance quickly.
“Sherlock, there were eyeballs in your microwave,” he said, going for levity instead of the more serious reasons for his objections for moving in. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to live at Baker Street. It was an effort to save what small part of his heart Sherlock hadn’t already stolen in the months they’d known each other. He was already arse over tits for the man. If he spent even more time with him, he knew there would be no coming back from it. He would be well and truly in love with him, and that was a dangerous thing to be.
It had taken way more effort than John had anticipated finding the perfect wrapping paper for Sherlock’s Christmas gift that year, but he knew the moment he had found it when browsing through a random shop he had wandered into after picking Rosie up from daycare one day.
His chest felt tight at the feeling and he sniffed hard to get his emotions under control before he began to make his way to the counter to pay. Right before he got there, though, he spotted a small collection of cookbooks.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around his back and held him close. John felt the pounding of his heart against his chest, and may have squeezed Sherlock that much tighter to hold on to the feeling before carefully pulling away. He placed a kiss against Sherlock’s sweaty temple before he rolled off the bed and made his way into the ensuite bathroom where he quickly cleaned himself up with a wetted flannel. He grabbed another clean one and carried it back into the bedroom to clean Sherlock. He was awarded for his efforts by a lazy, contented smile from his husband.
He popped into the loo to relieve himself and brush his teeth, then made his way into the kitchen. The kettle was filled, so he flicked it on to boil the water for tea and tossed a couple slices of bread into the toaster.
John was stretched out on a blanket, a paperback abandoned in his lap, as he watched his best friend and daughter as they played in the surf and small tide pool that had formed as the tide shifted. Rosie’s high pitched laughter carried on the wind back to him as she ran and threw herself into the waves while Sherlock kept a steady eye on her should she need his rescue.
He pushed Sherlock’s trousers and pants down, unable and unwilling to wait another moment longer, and took in the glorious sight of Sherlock’s cock at eye-level. It was long and lean, rather like the man himself. Hard and flushed and beautiful. He was already leaking at the tip, as turned on by his telling of the fantasy as John was, and John leaned forward to lick at the fluid and groaned at the salt and musk that hit his tongue. Above him, Sherlock moaned as his hips bucked unconsciously.
Sherlock turned his back on him and took several steps away. Good question. Where was this coming from? Sherlock wasn’t quite sure why he was so flustered. Why it was all surfacing now.
“Damnit, Sherlock. You can’t keep doing things like this,” John growled, raising a finger to gently tap at Sherlock’s skin to check if the numbing agent had started to work. He felt the pressure from blunt fingers, but there wasn’t pain.
Sherlock knew. Somehow, Sherlock knew about the flowers he had left, and knew the meaning behind them. He felt an odd mix of vindication and overwhelming embarrassment. Vindication because he had always liked to think that Sherlock would have been able to read John’s messages through the flowers and embarrassment because of the messages he had left. Not that he was embarrassed about his feelings, of course. There was nothing embarrassing about being in love with a man and he felt no shame in that. The embarrassment was in not having been able to express that until after that man had died and taken his heart with him. There was shame in cowardice, John felt, and he had been a coward in so many ways when it came to his feelings for Sherlock.
Outside, he could hear the traffic speeding along the road and the occasional shouts of people as they went about their day. The sky out that window was that hazy grey where you couldn’t see the sun shining, but the light still managed to hurt your eyes and give you a headache. There was the promise of snow in that grey expanse, but it wasn’t quite ready to fall.
“Seriously? This guy, a junkie? Have you met him?” the doctor said, voice incredulous and Sherlock wanted to simultaneously bury himself in the proverbial sand and yell at the top of his lungs.
John sighed dramatically. “Fine, I’ll tell her. You’re putting the sunscreen on her, though,” John decreed and then kicked his foot in the surf, splashing the bottom half of Sherlock’s legs.
“You were dead, Sherlock, for two years. You just left. You said you had to, and I’m trying to understand that, I am. But you can’t...you can’t…,” John’s voice faltered and he dropped his head, unable to look at Sherlock, who had stopped his pacing.
Rosie woke early the next day, nearly vibrating in her excitement, and instead of tempting her back to sleep, John simply got her and himself dressed. Sherlock was still sleeping, so he told Rosie to be extra quiet, and they left the house and went down to the beach before the sun had even begun to rise. Rosie ran through the sand in the predawn light, hunting for more treasures and making sandcastles with the toys John had somehow remembered to grab on their way down.
“You’re welcome, dear.” She fussed a moment with her own tea and settling comfortably onto her spot beside him. One hand absently patted his knee before she grabbed the remote and turned the telly on to some holiday program running on BBC. The volume was on low, for now, just background noise to whatever conversational topic she had in mind. John sipped his tea and waited patiently for her to begin.
When he woke up one morning a couple of weeks before Christmas, it was to find London covered in an unexpected snowfall, and he was grateful for the extra warmth of Joy’s warm body as she stretched across his bed as he watched the snowfall outside his window.
“I don’t know, but that’s the point. I need to know in case the information learned ever becomes valuable.”
“Nothing to be sorry for. It was a long time ago. Besides, it was a lesson learned. Be very sure the other person is interested before kissing them.”
It had been two months since they first met at the lab in Barts and became colleagues in the Work and friends. He was confident in his assessment of calling John his friend, now. John had found a position at a clinic near his bedsit doing locum work, but he was so dreadfully bored there. It was obvious from the fact he was more often to be found sitting in the flat at Baker Street working cases or eating takeaway with Sherlock than at the clinic.
The jumper he found that closely resembled one of his own was too good to pass up and that had been added to the cart, as well.
“No sulking, Watson,” Sherlock admonished softly, “it’s been a long day and it’s time for your nap.”
“Yes, of course, I’m serious. Do you know how much faster I have solved cases since meeting you? An average of 38% faster. That time has proved critical in several circumstances.”
When Mary took off with the AGRA flash drive, leaving John with an infant and a letter, he knew she would not be coming back. She never did. He knew Sherlock had Mycroft look into her whereabouts or any sign of what might have happened to her.
“It’s one of the least offensive traits she could pick up from me,” he replied and John barked out a laugh.
“Cooking is just chemistry. And it helps when you have a cookbook,” he said as he turned his head to nod at the open cookbook on the counter. “Mrs. Hudson brought it up earlier.”
“Goodnight kisses,” she reminded him, and Sherlock bent over obediently and placed a kiss atop her blonde curls.
There was a time when Sherlock was terrified of John seeing him. Who he was. The messes he had made of his life. And oh, the messes he had made.
John, however, felt every brush of long fingers and press of his palms in his soul. It wasn’t sensual, it was sunblock, but it felt like so much more. He kept his eyes open, watching Rosie as she filled a bucket with sand, and tried to keep himself from leaning into Sherlock’s hands.
“I do,” he said simply. Sherlock had held up a mirror to John’s heart and revealed what was reflected there. What more could he add?
After several minutes Sherlock broke their kiss, and John chased after him, but his large hands came up to cradle John’s face again.
He lifted the biscuit and shook the crumbs out over John’s head, causing him to jump back and hastily wipe them off his hair.
It is not gentle or kind. It is burning. John feels as if he is on fire and every touch of Sherlock’s hands on his skin raises the flames higher. Hands are everywhere, shirt buttons coming undone to reveal more, touch more, and John is suddenly being held between their front door and Sherlock’s body. It’s a good thing, too, because John isn’t sure he would be able to stand without support at the moment.
When they finally caught the taxi he realized it was the wrong one. John, far from being annoyed about it though, laughed and touched his hand when reaching for Lestrade’s stolen ID. When it was time to run again, he did, with a smile on his face. Sherlock pulled his phone from his pocket and sent off a quick text.
But then Sherlock’s hands were pushing down his trousers to his knees and he dipped one large hand into his pants and palmed his aching length. John forgot everything as the eyes he was looking into darkened as the pupils expanded wildly and nearly blocked out the irises.
Sherlock hated the way John’s voice hitched up as he forced the words through a tight throat. He could hear the way John was choking back tears. Sherlock had forgiven him and John had yet to truly forgive himself. John had been attending therapy of his own choice for his anger issues and Sherlock had gone, as well.
A huff of breath met this comment, then John’s soft tenor responded. “Sherlock and I...we aren’t together. Not like that.”
“You didn’t need to leave. We were just talking,” John said as he looked back to Sherlock and there was a hint of confusion in his eyes.
“Of course. She usually does, though I’m not sure how much longer she will be keeping her nap. I believe she’s on the tail end of taking one.”
Sherlock spun to face him so quickly from where he had been facing the sofa that he felt his hair whip across his forehead.
When they finally got up to head to bed, John pulled Sherlock close at the kitchen. He smiled up at him, then glanced at the entryway. Sherlock glanced up, then arched a brow.
He hadn’t willing been inside a church since he was dragged there as a teenager by his grandmother, and even though he no longer believed, he found himself oddly comforted by the sight of the mostly empty pews and the scent of incense blended with the greenery of the fresh Christmas decorations that filled the space.
Much later, they both stared up at the ceiling, limbs wrapped around one another as their bodies cooled and their hearts slowed down.
“Just remember what I said, Dr. Watson. Merry Christmas,” Mycroft called out before he closed the door and the car pulled away.
A chance meeting with Mike, of all people, as he wandered around London after an appointment with his Army mandated therapist would have been low on the list of things that he would have expected to happen to him. He wouldn’t have expected Mike to recognize him, to call out to him, to sit and have coffee. And he definitely wouldn’t have expected to follow him back to Bart’s and meet someone who was just as difficult to find a flatmate for as himself.
His mouth opened in a gasp and Sherlock took advantage, his warm tongue pushing past his lips and John felt his knees weaken in response, his hands grasping onto the front of Sherlock’s shirt as the kiss deepened. John’s mind was on overdrive, his thoughts whirling in freefall. This wasn’t at all what he thought was going to happen just moments ago and he felt completely off-balanced. He pulled back from the kiss for air and Sherlock chased back after him, refusing to acknowledge that something like breathing was worth ending a kiss for, and John gave in to it, meeting Sherlock’s tongue with his own and unable to hold back the moan that formed in the back of his throat.
