“I just—”
“University is three years, in England,” Castiel points out. “I don’t know what you’re complaining about—”
“Cas is
Dean nods.
And Evensong—well, it plants several bright and effervescent seeds in his mind brimming with growth and flowering into at least a dozen ideas for his compositions, for new forms, formats, influences. Choral pieces, he realises, are so powerful.
Dean squirms again, face going nearly purple with obvious feelings of guilt.
Enjoy!
Dean presses his lips together and smiles weakly. He is used to being told by people that he doesn’t pay enough attention, and everyone who works at his school seems to know, somehow, that Dean is a troublemaker and a daydreamer, and doesn’t like holding conversation with most grown ups, and is distracted by his pencils, and bounces up and down in his chair and looks out of his window and sometimes throws things across the room or shouts without thinking about it. And he doesn’t do any of this intentionally, he just can’t help it.
And something soft in waiting.
The strangest thing of a storm is that afterwards, there’s no stasis. The sun rises on skeleton frames of homes and lives in a way which proves that sometimes, progress is discourteous. Castiel is left on the roof which was Dean’s favourite place in all the world, which had been
Castiel has started stumbling down the stairs of the house. He can’t stand to be in the same room as Dean and Lisa, any longer.
“I am,” Dean says, presses the words earnestly toward Novak. “And will be. You’re sure?”
“You’re very welcome.”
“Yeah, alright, point taken. But still—you’ve gotta admit, that’s very exciting.”
“Threatened,” Dean admits, with surprising vulnerability.
“Samandriel,” Castiel reasons, “you’re asking me to give up on something I’ve adored since infancy. Dean can attest to it—” But Samandriel’s expression sours again at the mention of this name. “I’ve been writing stories since I
Castiel twitches a smile.
“And we’re lucky to have him.” It had been Dean’s thought, but it comes from the door, where Bobby appears, using two sticks as he enters with Jo. “Sir Alastair,” he greets with a bow, made awkward by his canes, “it’s a pleasure. What brings you here?”
“Yes, quite,” Castiel nods down to his hands, and they certainly look far better than Dean’s own burns. “And yours?”
She was going to be executed, she knew it—she had seen how poor the boy’s temper could be, and that boy sat upon a
nine years ago? What do I do when he thinks I’m lying, or playing some cruel joke on him? What
Castiel glances around the circle to check if anyone else looks as uncomfortable as he feels—many do, which is reassuring—but then he makes eye-contact with Dean, for a sickening moment, and has looked away, feeling utterly nauseated in the next instant. His heart hurts again.
Cas says, and that’s it, Dean’s head is on his arm, phone pressed to the shell of his ear as he tries not to sob.
“I’m proud of you,” Castiel says, and cannot, and would not, for all the world, stop looking at Dean.
“What else did this guard say,” he asks, changing the subject, which Dean snorts at, “when he spoke of your mother? What else did he tell you?”
“You’re such a grandfather,” Dean grins, to which Jimmy huffs longsufferingly. “I’m not kidding, either. Sam goes off to college, I call him on day two—
And neither of them think twice about it when Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s body and presses his face into the base of Dean’s neck, when they lie down like this, when Castiel’s wings move to cover them both, when the two of them fall asleep, tangled together on Dean’s bed.
“No, I don’t,” Castiel smiles, shaking his head. His horse trots towards Dean’s. Dean tries not to smile too much at how close the two of them are, at this. “We crossed a line. I’ll make sure I don’t cross it in future.”
keep him safe, and happy. And I’ll be damned if I fail that task.”
“You’re all content to see Dean
The Angels—
“I couldn’t,” he says. “I couldn’t ever.”
“You still teaching at Lawrence High?” Isaac asks.
Dean frowns and nods. So this is what Cas was prepared to do for
“What?”
“Listen, kid,” Dean says, as they make their way up the porch steps and back into the house, “I’ll teach you some more, tomorrow.” His face falls. “Wait, you didn’t have any homework to do, tonight, did you?”
“Lest we forget who made all the fires on our camping trip, Castiel,” he reminds. Castiel smiles.
“For a visit,” Dean does sigh, this time. “When would work?”
Michael reminds. Lucifer hisses the translations of the Enochian in Dean’s ear.
Adam grumbles. “And
too defensively. Sam rolls his eyes and turns up the stairs. Dean follows after him.
the Angel would look at him.
Cas’s eyes turn sad.
mother was a midwife. If only she’d been there to help,” he jokes. Dean can’t laugh. “But my sister survived,” he continues. “She was a wonder,” Cas smiles warm, sad, lost to the mists of time and re-memory. His eyes swim with them. “All things soft and bright in the word, a world of so much hardness, so much darkness. No—my youngest sister, she was a marvel.”
kids.”
“It’s up to you,” he says.
“I think we’re cleaned up here,” he smiles. Dean nods, still breathless.
“Right,” Dean frets. “But if Jack…” He looks up at Sam. “Who’s he gonna choose?” He asks. Sam frowns, not understanding. “Cas,” Dean clarifies. “Jack says he’s not coming back. So—so who’s Cas gonna choose?”
“We didn’t get along,” Amara rolls her eyes, smiling.
“Of course,” Sam rolls his eyes, shaking his head a moment. “Dean,” he sighs, “I want to hear it. What you need to say. I want to hear it.”
“No, it’s not,” Dean shakes his head, embarrassed but… touched. “Eyes on the road, buddy.”
What is Dean being replaced with, he wonders, if he is losing more and more pieces every day?
“I thought now was—because of what happened today at the airport—I thought I should let you know,” Mary tries again, “in case you were afraid. I thought I should say something, say—say how proud of you I am. Say I’m sorry—just so you wouldn’t be worrying about it, tonight. Because I never said before. I know now isn’t the time for… I don’t know, family counselling. But I wanted you to know that you and Castiel—I’m sorry I never said before, how much of a good thing, the two of you are.”
Cas’s smile is as bright as it is small in the soft darkness.
“Hello, little prince,” the Angel grins at Dean. He doesn’t speak like the other Angels do—this one talks almost like Humans; his words aren’t short or slowly formed in his mouth—and he certainly isn’t holding himself in the withdrawn, introspective way many of the other Angels are. “They call me Gabriel. I’m Michael’s brother, King of the Kingdom of Theia.”
But it happens after Muriel and Daniel visit with Mara, Beth, and their newborn boy, Caleb. Claire spends the whole time either entertaining each of the kids, or watching Dean as he wins over the adoration of each of them, a thousand times over. The day after their stay, Claire sits flicking through an old photo album, overflowing with precious memories of Dean and Castiel when they were young.
Cas had looked at him with those stupid blue eyes that never got less electric, even after giving up his grace for good. “I just want you to heal, Dean,” Cas had said slowly, carefully.
Cas tilts his head, and it's almost exactly the same look he gave Dean the first time they met.
“Not all of it,” Dean says. He doesn’t say
because already he's pretty sure that Jimmy is gone. But he's relieved, grateful, because he's become attached.
But you don’t play dice with God.
“It’s…” Dean is about to say it’s nothing. He really is, but his traitorous mouth goes on and says “You know how I told you not to wake me up anymore? After I…”
Dr.  Henry “Call me Hank” Leonard leads Dean back to an office. It’s not what Dean expected, exactly. There are several cushioned chairs and a couch - not a chaise lounge like old-time movies depicted in therapy, but comfortable looking.
"Yeah, about then," Dean mutters, annoyed that they've been this transparent for so long.
“It’s not a fucking narrative, Dean!” Sam is yelling. “For fuck’s sake, we just… we just took on
"How you doing, kid?" Dean asks Jack, watching him crunch on the nauseatingly colorful food.
Dean just doesn't get the point of talking about his fucking feelings or whatever. Or maybe that
He talked about the fighting and the yelling. How Sam didn’t even think to mention that he was leaving in the first place. Dean, understood why he wouldn’t mention his want of collage to their dad, but why not him. Why didn’t he deserve at least a heads up before leaving him high and dry with a pissed off John?
In the end it takes the light of the tank blinking red for Dean to finally pull the car over, even if it is just to fill baby with gas before he does something stupid, like gets stranded on the side of the rode in fucking Iowa.
Djinn, demons; fucking demons; werewolves, vampires and all the other sons of bitches didn’t manage to kill them. They were good at this after all, lived this life since they could walk.
“Stand down.” Dean tried for it to sound like a command, but his voice wasn’t cooperating after not being used for so long. Clearing his throat he repeated the words, making sure to find Sammy in the crowd. “I said, stand down.”
It was tense. Painfully so.
“I’m fine. It’s just my leg.” Dean let his hand move to fall on the others snout, scratch between his eyes, and up to the ear that still had a missing chunk of it from one of their first nights on the run. Reassuring.
“What?” The shuffling stopped and Sam was looking at him wide eyed from his spot in Bobby’s kitchen. It guickly turned into a look of understanding but also denaturation. “I’m not burying you Dean.  No one is burying anyone.”
Dean was eight on the day that he turned his back on the rest of the cheep ass motel room so Sammy can’t see him cry the night that he couldn’t remember what his mom’s voice sounded like. As he counted the tacky flowers on the wallpaper with a blurry vision, clutching the gun under his pillow and wondering how long it will be before John comes back this time.
“Car.”
This wasn’t just a quick stop as he drove from one hunt to the next, a stop to see and feel the love that he constantly kept leaving behind. It wasn’t like it has been so many times before. No, this was uncomfortable and tense in a way that left Dean’s skin crawling and his shoulders hunch in.
Of course it’s where he’s been driving to. The thought makes him laugh even as he wants to cry.
Seeing the covered up arm John just raised an eyebrow at him, but said nothing. They had a ghost to kill. No time to deal with Dean and his feelings.
“Soulmark?” He still wasn’t getting up.
Thankfully Cas was more interested in pressing against him then killing his brother; if the words even registered in his mind at all. Considering that he was still half feral, they probably didn’t.
Of course Cas, the bastard, still followed him to the kitchen like the idiot that he is.
He didn’t even have to look up to know that Cas was still just staring at him, and how fucking gone for him was he that he missed that. Missed the creepy staring and the constant eye contact. Not like much eye contact was happening, since he still refused to look up, but the premise was there.
“Wrong guy, sugar.” Dean let his most charming smile slip on after downing the last shot. “We could still have some fun though.” He said with a wink and a hand on her thigh.
Because Dean left this behind years ago now. He left Cas behind without even saying goodbye, because he knew he would never be able to go through with it if he had to. Just hearing his voice would make the words stay stuck in his throat in a way that would leave him choking on them. So he just left and never came back, never let himself even think about it as a viable option.
“Not gonna happen, Cas. Some of us just can’t get rid of ours like you can. And I’m not one for sharing.”
“Heya Cas” Dean tried for a nonchalant smile; making the frown of the other more prominent and his own smile slip in return. Yeah, he can’t bullshit himself out of this one. Suddenly he was just so tired. “This isn’t how I planned to see you again.” He tried joking through it, voice too strained for the joking tone it was intended with. It sounded small and broken instead. He felt small and broken.
His hair was pitch black and as messy as it has ever been, eyes that exact shade of icy blue that he found himself thinking of more often then he would ever admit. But then there was the little bit of stubble that wasn’t there last time and the jaw line that was sharper then when they were nineteen and he let himself think that coming back over and over again wasn’t selfish and stupid as hell.
Just like with family, he had no home left.
There was silence. Dean tipped back the empty bottle in his hand  so he doesn’t have to meet the eyes he could feel on him. He’s classy like that.
“But you didn't.” Dean really wanted to punch him in the face, angel or not.
Relief went through his body like hot fire as he finally let himself look to the side and take in the man he has been avoiding for way too long. Gaze meeting a picture of a man different in many ways from the memories he had.
The sight of red eyes and bared teeth made Dean stop in his track, confused but growling back all the same. There was no time for confusion or doubt. If they wanted a fight he had to be ready. It’s all he has known for weeks now after all.
But there’s no time to deal with any of it because Bobby is on the ground and he needs to check if the man is still alive. He barely had time to crouch though before the thing spoke. “Your friend's alive.”
“No. I will stay here until you show me.”
He had a feeling it was more of a Cas thing though.
He ignored it. Like he ignores so many things lately.
But that was okay. Everything was okay because the constant sword swinging over his head that kept reminding him that he needs to leave, that this is temporary, is all but gone now. So, Dean lets himself live in the moments instead of working hard to make sure he memorizes them for later.
“I’ll explain everything once I am not dead on my feet.” The growl his words got had Dean rolling his eyes and patting through the others fur again. Physical contact; better to just keep up with the physical contact for now. The move was enough to get a raised eyebrow from Sam and a quiet rumble from Cas. “Don’t start. Give me a day to recover first. I’ve been dreaming of my bed.”
It was selfish and stupid, but Dean couldnt get the smile off of his face, even as Sam kicked him from under the table with a frown and a 'Gross, Dean' as he noticed it.
Dean struggles, sometimes, putting what they do into words. Obviously it’s sex, fucking, making love - it’s all of those things. But it has never, no matter how hard Dean tries, been
Now-Dean balls his hands into fists as anger rushes through him. He wants to punch this vision of himself for thinking he can just have this. For being open in a way that makes now-Dean feel naked and vulnerable.
Cas makes a disgruntled sort of sound and suddenly he swings towards Dean, taking his face in both of his large warm hands.
Dean might be dissociating after all. There is too much to feel.
kissing?" Cas had said helplessly, shocked and confused and utterly out of his depth.
and keeping them there.
This late, or early, depending on how you want to look at it, and with the cloud cover of mid-spring, the sky is just a solid darkness. There’s still snow up in the mountains, with the lower altitudes only just beginning to thaw. They mostly drive Cas’ truck in the winter months, since even with chains on her tires, Baby isn’t really suited to snowy mountaintops with ill-maintained back roads.
And Dean is fifteen when he gets his first kiss, which is absurd considering what he's been doing with his mouth and the rest of his body. Dean has never said he had a no-kissing rule, but most of the guys seem to assume he does and he certainly hasn't done anything to disabuse them of this notion.
This body, this form, is the one that Dean has looked at, has touched, has hugged, has called family.
But it's still a fresh wound for Dean. The leaving, the years of silence, losing his brother to a world that Dean will never be a part of… it still stings. It still feels like a slap in the face, like just another indictment of how worthless Dean is, that Sam could walk away like it was nothing.
“Just put him back, Crowley,” Dean says quickly.
Dean jumps. He forgot about Cas. Cas is still standing at his side in this second motel where, currently, a ten-year-old Sam is laying on one bed reading a book, and a fourteen-year-old Dean is fieldstripping guns and cleaning knives, tossing them back into a giant green duffle bag as he finishes them.
"Goodnight, Dean."
“Disturbing, thanks,” Sam mutters. “What is that thing?”
“Will it always be like this?” Dean asked, looking up at Cas on his knees, asking like a prayer. “Will I ever be able to lock this shit up, or…?”
Younger Dean rolls his eyes. "I'm just asking. I mean, you know, I thought I was pressing my luck to think I might see 30. I never dreamed I'd get older than that. So, I don't know. Not saying I want to quit now, but after everything you and Sam have done, you guys ever thinking of turning it in? Packing off to Hawaii or something?"
It’s something that Dean has never allowed himself to imagine, because thinking about what it would have felt like to have been loved at that age, to have been shown attention and tenderness, would be admitting that Dean wanted those things. That he wants them now. It was pointless to think about it back then - he probably wouldn’t have survived it. There are things that Dean hides from himself because it’s easier to live without knowing about them. He learned how to do that young.
Dean shuts his eyes and scrubs at his face. His cheeks are dry, but he's realizing he doesn't remember when the last time he shaved was. He runs a hand through his hair and - yep. Shaggy enough for Sam. He doesn't have a mirror in his room, but he thinks he must look a little wild. He can taste his own heavy breath, whiskey soured by sleep, and for the first time in months he's properly disgusted with himself.
"As for why you're here? It's complicated but, uh." Sam shifts uncomfortably. "We asked someone unreliable for help and he said he had a solution. He didn't tell us what it was going to be before he brought you here, and I honestly have no idea how he did it."
Dean stares down at his coffee, running his fingers around the sides, aware that the silence has to break at some point. Several long minutes go by. Sam lets Dean have them, and Dean knows that this is his brother being patient with him, but for once he wishes Sam would press the issue, would talk
Dean feels an absurd amount of pride for his brother having picked up someone clearly as cool as Eileen.
"Dean, hey."
And then.
“Aren’t we past all this? I already went out once in a blaze of sacrificial glory. What’s a demon got to do to cement himself as a protagonist in your story?”
More content warnings in end notes.
Sam’s phone buzzes on the table, and Dean can tell who the text is from by the way his brother’s face lights up.
The baby just smiles up at him.
Dean sits down outside the roadhouse. As Bobby’s handing him a beer and explaining Heaven, Dean looks around and thinks how odd it is to feel the peace of this place.
“Bad time?” Dean asks, his heartbeat settling a bit. Sam’s in parenting mode, he can tell from just the one word.
, for having what Cas once called a "more profound bond" with Dean. He can't. Dean is complicated and ten different kinds of traumatized, but he is easy to love. He pulls people in without realizing it, drags them into the orbit of his convictions.
“Never mind.” Dean pulls out Cas’ phone, puts in his birthday, and pulls up the little browser icon. He has to admit, the thing is oddly addictive. “Okay, let’s see… Historic monuments, world’s largest ball of twine… Christ, we really are in the middle of nowhere, huh?”
They eat dinner at a boardwalk where Dean and Eileen pick up sandwiches from a Cuban pop-up, and Sam finds a veggie wrap from some hipster truck. Cas deliberates for a long time before he goes with falafel from a gyro cart. They all get snow cones afterward, and Cas momentarily panics when he experiences his first brain freeze. Dean has a sharp spike of anxiety followed by a fit of laughter over this that leaves him leaning on Sam and gasping.
"Too soon, Sammy," one of the other men says, and it's the gruff voice Dean heard earlier when he crash landed on his knees.
“I said we should talk,” Dean gets out. His hands are clenched in the covers now and he’s aching.
Okay, so maybe he's not totally straight, fine. But he's definitely not gay, either. He figures that even if he likes guys sometimes, it doesn't have to mean anything. He still likes women too, and so he figures he can just choose to stay, more or less, in that lane.
“Do you think you and Sam have a healthy relationship now?” Hank asks eventually, pulling them back to the center.
Dean makes a little choking noise on the other side of the aisle.
This is a motif in Dean’s life; the demon version of himself that he’d dreamed of long before he’d ever become one for real calling him “daddy’s blunt little instrument”, Agent Hendrickson saying “I’m sorry your daddy touched you in a bad place,” the sad look in Sam’s eyes whenever Dean makes an offhand comment about Dad.
"Oh come on, all your rescues are your children."
For once, he pushed aside the anxiety of Sam coming back to the motel alone with a still-drunk John. The white noise in Dean’s head was so loud. He told himself they’d both have blown it off, they wouldn’t need Dean to buffer the worst of it.
After that, Dean said yes to the psychiatrist and to the medications she prescribed him. It was a little bit because this went against the narrative too, although relying on that as a decision-making process too much made Dean uneasy. The narrative had been his whole life, after all. This was still his life.
"Hey, do you remember how you used to call me DeeDee?"
It’s laughable. They’re all walking resurrections.
Dean blinked, the line between his eyes creasing. "What?"
For his second session, Dean makes the trip to Boulder alone again. Hank is just as friendly as ever and they talk a little about Dean’s week - in which nothing much happened except that the dogs heard a coyote outside one night and went beserk - before Hank dives right in.
ever died. Plus it seems kind of rude, not to mention personal. And he's not about to tell Cas that he went through his phone, so he doesn't follow that line of questioning any farther.
Dean shakes his head. It's not a dream he remembers, anyway.
"Have something to say, Arrow?"
"Heya Sasquatch."
"Jesus Christ, didn't know it needed this much shit!" Dean placed the new tank down on a table, he had Sam ask about everything they needed to know before buying the damn thing, but they soon got one.
"M-morning Cass," Dean slurred still half asleep, crawling back into the bed to curl up to Cas like a cat.
For the rest of the day Dean stayed quiet, only speaking when spoken to. Tonight was one of those nights where his father liked to work late. Meaning Dean was stuck here. "Dean go make yourself look useful and go get me a drink."
"These things actually exist..." Sam whispered with his nose stuck in another book, sitting next to Matthew. Dean, Cas and Shay were in the room as well being quiet. "Well, we wouldn't be here if we didn't." Matthew mumbled. "Yeah, but you're an angel and you are nothing like Cas." Sam put his book down to actually look at the wounded angel.
"CAS!!" Dean ran into the room once he heard the small moan from his room. Seeing Castiel yank his hand off himself his pants were pooled around his ankles. "You said not to do it in the same room as others." Dean mentally face palmed himself, but the look on the Angels face Dean couldn't seem to stay mad. "Move over."
"Dean is something bothering you?" They were walking back to Cas' car to drive back to their apartments, "nothing, it's nothing.. just thinking about something that's been bothering me since last night."
Chase was surprised he actually got some sleep, rubbing his head on what he thought was the pillow until it groaned. His eyes shot open sitting up looking down at Dean who was staring at him. "Oh, forgot we shared." Chase said simply with Dean rolling his eyes, "good morning to you too."
Jensen had two weeks of hell when he went to school, today wouldn't be any different.
Dean knew Cas was in control, Dean was thankful for it. Dean always liked it when Cas would take control, no matter how hard he tried to hide it, Dean loved somebody taking control over him, his body, and Cas was just perfect.
So Castiel placed a blanket over Dean leaving to make dinner on his own, while the endless thought that kept him up at night was let loose.
"none of your concern Dean. Now leave, I'm in enough trouble from John as it is, and I haven't even done anything to you, but become your friend!" Cas was getting more angry by the second, Dean and Jimmy had even back up from him. "I'm sorry, Cas. I'll go, I'm just a stupid bitch anyway," sighing just as Dean was about to go again, Cas stopped him. "What do you mean stupid bitch? How are you stupid? Or is John getting in that head of yours again?" Dean didn't give a straight forward answer he gave Cas a big old rant about John. "Are we good Cas, cause I seriously can't forget you, no matter how hard I try, you're there." Cas nods and gives Dean a smile, a smile Deans missed for a long time. "we're good Dean."
Cas was already up, with a cup of coffee in his hand wrapped around his bed covers reading the same story Dean had written, until his phone rang. picking up he saw it was Dean,
Sighing Connor finished his food, cleaning the plate before leaving the room to spend time alone. Connor had been feeling an odd feeling that he knew he shouldn't be feeling, they only showed up around Dean. Shaking his head as he thought he had walked into his room when really he walked straight into Deans.
Jensen had his head rested in Mishas lap when Dean and Cas walked in, Dean stopping quickly when he saw the two boys at the table who were cuddled with each other. "Jensen?" Dean saw his sons head lift from his friends lap. "What? Is it time for you to yell at me again?" Jensen sat up rubbing his eyes with a yawn. "No, it's fine. Who is that?"
Dean groaned, but Cas was having none of it so he picked Dean up, and carried him to his bedroom, cleaned Dean up before getting into bed, cuddling Dean tightly.
Dean had woken up with questions running through his mind, he was surprised he actually got any sleep. Cas was on his mind
With a gasp from Dean as Castiel forces Sam to take him into his dick in his mouth, Deans' head fell back onto Castiel’s shoulder exposing his neck to him Castiel’s mouth instantly latched onto the flesh exposed to him, Deans eyes were on the two other men.
But Hey, Ho whatcha gonna do!
Dean dug his nails into the palm of his hands as the warm, wet feeling of the tongue swiped across his rim, his legs opened a little wider for the killer between his legs, with the tongue slipping into him Dean couldn’t hold back the high pitched moan that slipped out from his lips as he panted it also got a better reaction from Cas when the tongue was removed a finger took its place. One finger turned into two fingers, as two fingers turned to three fingers with Dean feeling like he could just explode just as one feeling replaced with another this feeling was making Dean’s eyes roll back with pleasure, even a high pitch noise fell out along with the cock sliding into him.
"Well I want you Dean, I know we don't know each other yet but I already know that you fill something, so don't think so low of yourself." Dean snuggled into Cas' chest.
"That's the fastest you have ever been, what's on your mind?" Dean blushes as she passed Dean his boxers and shirt as they walked back to the small room, where their bags were.
"What the fuck! You gave them fucked up pieces of shit Sam!" Dean snapped. While Castiel shrugged it off, while Dean was having his rant. "Are you done?" Castiel was sat on the couch with Dean in front of him standing with his arms folded in front of his chest adding a small pout at the end. "We're all a little fucked up now aren't we, but now someone, not going to say names, is about to actually get fucked for being a naughty little shit." Castiel glared at Dean who sprinted upstairs, being quickly followed by Castiel.
“S-Stop it!” Johns voice and struggle was only a background noise it didn’t stop Dean and Castiel, whereas Castiel's mouth latched onto the younger Winchesters neck over the cut moaning himself at the taste of blood. Dean had gone limp in his arms his blissed-out expression was tempting Castiel, but they had work to do pulling roughly away from Dean making him jump and fall to the floor with a soft thud, “ouch.”
Walking into the bedroom Dean was sat on their bed naked doing as he was told, Castiel smiled walking closer. Dean was watching every move Cas was making "w-will you touch me, Daddy?" Dean got the answer when he was roughly pushed down on the bed. "Shh... I'm the one pleasing you this time, boy." Castiel didn't miss the shudder from Dean, and the twitch he felt from Deans little dick.
Sams voice brought him out of his little trance he was in while he was just looking into Cas' blue eyes,
I updated, even if I'm tired and feeling like shit. But you guys are worth writing for. :)
But his best friends father wouldn't allow him and Dean to be friends anymore, and his little brother Gabriel would stay with them.
-----
The promised Wall Sex will show up next time, I SWEAR!
“You ready to burn this shit?” Dean glared from the lighter to Cas who looked at him with a hard stare.
Knocking lightly on the door Sam stood, Cas was now being carried on Deans back, meowing and purring as Dean walked. Sam was surprised Dean let him place tiny Cas on his back. The door finally opened with a girl, with blonde hair, letting out a squeal cause all three to jump. "Oh my God! Kitten!" The blonde girl instantly grabbed Cas who looked like he was done, with the whole thing.
"Okay, I'll start! Dean, Truth or Dare?" Misha and Jensen had now taken a seat.
"No. But what do you wear when you're in Our bedroom, Dean?" Dean was taken back what Castiel said. "Er.. them panties?" Dean shyly asked his face heating up. "Hmm, those are optional. In this bedroom, you're allowed to wear Just those panties or you can be naked if you want to." Castiel put the towel away, returning to a still naked Dean.
"Hello, Dean."
" Sam heard Dean mutter.
"You gotta touch it if your gonna help groom them." Shay smirked at Dean who hesitantly touched his right wing. Causing Shay to shiver at the touch, no one had touched his wings before, but he trusted the man that was gently stroking his feathers, pulling out the loose feathers that needed to be pulled out.
"That part there is the Forbidden Forest, nobody ever goes in there." The commander of the guards was pointing to the map table. "Why is it called the Forbidden Forest?" Sam was leaning against the table, as their father walked. "Someone made it forbidden, we had a war with a family from there nobody has heard or seen them since," John sat at his place at the table. Dean was staying quiet during the whole meeting, everyone just thought he was planning out a plan but reality he was thinking about the Forbidden Forest.
A few more minutes past, Dean and Castiel finally spilt apart with Dean running after Cas around the room for ten minutes.
Cas had told Gabriel everything his mother and father had told him. Telling him how to swim in a straight line, respect the others, as Gabriel always like to trick people.
“O-Yes Daddy,” Dean muttered getting to his feet quickly walking past Castiel letting out a yelp and turning back to glare at the man who silently gives a grin making Dean shudder before he leaves.
Lucifer was slightly jealous of the way Deans body just flopped as soon as he knew he was going to be used, Sam was still resisting never just gave into Lucifer even with all the torture he went through Lucifer was beyond impressed but also pissed at the same time, but he dealt with it, it was more fun for the two gagging him forcing him into positions they wouldn’t get to be able to use with just them on their own.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean just sighs as Castiel gently pets Deans head, making him fall asleep.
Dean couldn't help the smile appear on his face snuggling into Cas' chest with the warmth of his body and the warmth the fire Dean was in heaven.
"Second time Dean, now work!" Dean stared at Castiel, he had a felt a little warm tingly feeling go straight down his body. Ok, Dean liked the strict Cas, but he had work to do, other boys threw paper notes at Dean a few were just mean comments,
"Okay, now we're clean lets sleep before round two, cuz i'm tired man." Dean mumbled getting into the bed with his brother cuddling up to him.
So Castiel went back home all alone, leaving his brother and best friend behind.
"Fuck, Dean!" gripping on Deans hair, pulling lightly at the short hair earning a few low moans from his brother.
"well I'll leave you alone, me and mom are gonna go out shopping for things now so see ya later Dean-o." She shut the door leaving Dean on his own, but Dean was happy to b alone it gave him some time to think.
Dean scoffed he couldn’t find the emotion that made him care about his father at this moment. He did look to Castiel who placed a hand on his face leaning down to kiss him gently causing Dean to let out a sigh when he pulled away, turning back to his father seeing a look of disgust. “What the fuck have you done!?”
Castiel made him jump by putting a gentle hand on the small part of his back, relaxing him with small kisses all the way down Arrow shuddered when two fingers tapped his hole making something shoot through him. "W-What did you do?" Arrow looked over his shoulder seeing Dean stroking himself and Castiel spread his cheeks licking over Arrows hole, as he gripped the sheets tightly staring at deans hand.
Dean thought to himself just as Sam exits the bathroom. "Come on you, Cas I'm sorry, but you'll have to stay here." Dean wasn't happy about what Sam said.
"Mornin' Cas!" Dean cheerfully walked into their bedroom waking a sleeping Cas, who glared at his husband in annoyance.
Obviously Jensen soon regret drinking when he woke up groaning then rushing to the bathroom to throw up. Once Jensen was sure he was done throwing up, walking back to the bedroom, after he quickly brushed his teeth. Picking up his clothes that were scattered around. "Krissy," Jensen nudge her leg making her slowly open her eyes "wha?" Krissy sat up looking at Jensen. "Want a lift home?" Jensen asked softly as she nodded. "Get your clothes on then."
"Yeah, when we g-get home, I tell you, Okay?" Dean sniffed as he wiped his tears away.
"Soon, just need a few more hours. How about you fall asleep. I'll watch over you." Cas felt Dean nod and yawn against his neck.
Jensen disappears for awhile.
"I'm not soft, there's a little girl in the basement, she's the cutest little thing. Just want to mess her right up." Castiel smirked eyes going dark as he thought about doing dragging a knife along the skin. "Show me," Lucifer shoved Castiel in the direction of his basement, with one last look towards Dean as he walked away.
"Why, the sudden 'hang out now?'" Misha asked after they walked slowly to a small lake in the park, "erm, I just needed to do something, theres only so much you can do at the place." Jensen rested his arms on the cold fence separating them from the lake. "Oh, just needed a break from ya parents, I get it." Misha copied Jensens movements.
-Satan
They were a little tamer than Lucifer, he really enjoyed ripping the body to shreds and pull pieces off them, Castiel just enjoyed decorating his basement with knives and the occasional blood splattered on the floor.
Warnings:
Dean and Castiel got in an argument making Dean storm off out their home, he just wanted space. But they would always go back to each other.
"C-Cas, will you leave me? Because I feel stupid breaking down in front of you.." Cas lifted Dean up in his arms, surprising Dean as he squealed gripping onto Cas who carried him downstairs to the living room. "Everyone else may leave you Dean, everyone except me." Dean held onto Cas tighter afraid of letting go. "Cas... I-I need you..." Dean whispered in the shirt Cas had on. Dean couldn't say the three words to Cas, he was afraid of saying them and getting rejected. "I need you too Dean." Cas understood how hard it was for Dean, so he whispered the words right back. "You know what Sammy used to tell me Cas?" Cas hummed to Dean, "he told me I was a glow stick," Cas looked down at Dean who looked up with red eyes from crying. "why, a glow stick?"
Sighing as he smiled to himself, closing his eyes he saw Cas' blue eyes looking back..
"Alright, monkey come on let's get warmed up!" Dean rubbed his hands together chuckling at the little whine from his child before walking inside, helping her take her shoes off and coats before Luna pranced off towards Cas who seemed to be watching the Grinch with the twins.
"Awesome we have hybrid ones now!" Pretty guy exclaimed to the room, Shay tilting his head.
"Daddyy, more!" Dean panted, pushing back to feel his Alphas mouth silently asking for more. Castiel only growled pulling away, slapping Deans ass. "Behave Omega."
"Yes, you have. Now is there a reason your here!?" Dean had a death grip on the pillow in his lap.
"We did good, little alpha." Dean admired his children with them chasing each other. "Yes, yes we did." Castiel agreed holding Deans hand as they swam deeper into the ocean.
Sam had woken up from being passed out again, but this time he was in a bed next to Lucifer. Sam would try and get away but he was too tired of running away from Lucifer again so he stayed in bed, looking at anything other than the man in front of him who tortured him for five days.
"W-Why... am I always the one that finds them...?" Arrow was sat on the back seat of the Impala with Dean in the front. "I dunno kid... Ghosts must like you for some reason?" Dean gave a half weak smile to him, Sam got into the car looking back at Arrow with a sad expression.
*You may skip the badly written smut thing.*
"What type of blood then?" Sam didn't take his eyes off Crowley. "Demon blood of course, why else would his eyes be turning black?" Crowley actually made a bit of sense to the Winchesters.
There were three white couches one facing the wall that had the biggest tv Dean had ever seen. "C-Can I please look around, Daddy?" Dean asked as innocent as he could.
"Daddy sh-" Dean said after twenty minutes of silence, but he got cut off by a loud knocking pounding at the door, Castiel shooting up from his place on the couch Dean falling off his body. "Dean go into our bedroom and whatever you do, don't come out."
Dean didn't know why he would go on the left side, it wasn't until Cas told him that maybe Dean needed to feel and listen to a heartbeat.
Castiel had a type, blond hair, and green eyes, he didn't care for anything else, as long as they had those features Castiel would take any opportunity to take them. But he also had his limits, no younger then 16, Castiel wouldn't be like Lucifer who would kidnap a 10-year-old and torture them.
Dean wasn’t even allowed to enjoy the stuff he used to do, which was to go out and hang out with his friends, that even changed. All the friends that had presented as Alphas didn’t want to hang out with him. Only a few Omegas he befriended were allowed to hang with him if their partners agreed with it.
Cas pulled off slowly "fuck my mouth, that's what," Cas went back down on Dean, waiting for Dean. Dean was unsure at first so he just did small thrusts into Cas' mouth. The small moans that Cas were making around Deans cock, made Dean thrust into Cas' mouth faster. "Fuck Cas, I'm gonna... gonna come!" Dean was trying to pull Cas off, but Cas didn't move. He just stayed swallowing Deans come. Cas pulled off once Dean had finished "are you okay, Dean?" Cas kissed Deans dick gently before, looking at Deans eyes, that were closing slowly.
I'm actually Kinda enjoying myself writing this, I don't know why but I like it!
"Different? What you mean different?" Cas had carried on driving until we pulled into his parking space. Walking through the door Dean pulled Cas towards the stairs as nobody ever used the stairs.
Arrow panted as he jogged back to the bunker slamming the door shut, Sam was sat at the table laughing at him. "Enjoy your run?" Sam asked with a smile, "no, why the hell did I take your advice." he growled, running off to find Dean who was in his room.
"Cas?" Castiel looked down at the boy who blushed. "S-sorry Ca - I mean, Daddy." Dean spluttered out trying to fix his mistake, causing Castiel to laugh at the kid. "Well, I don't mind Cas sweetheart." Castiel smiled down at Dean who grinned. "Ok, but only outside the bedroom Daddy?" Dean questions making Castiel hum in response going back to his papers.
Dean shook his head of the memory of his friend, he should've been there for him, Dean could've saved him.
Hours later Dean woke up on the floor feeling human but smaller.
"Just Misha, he's new and a friend." Jensen didn't miss the snorts from the two men in the front. "
Other than that they're happy, even during the possible end of the world.
"Your family, Cas, we need you. I need you."
"Let him go. Now. I've got a present for you, but I've been to busy with this stubborn little brat that I forgot to collect it for you." Castiel watched Lucifer prowl around the table as well as seeing Dean shaking in the spot. "Fine, but this better be a good present or you'll know what'll happen.
"I pick him," Dean said out loud as soon as his boss put the phone down "and he is?"
4th Month:
"Night Jen" Dean whispered back.
"Y-You A-Alpha, I belong to Y-You!" Dean gasped out feeling the teeth begin biting his neck, not enough to break the skin.
"Am I allowed a drink, Mr Novak?" Dean looked up from the paper briefly seeing the teach slide one of the bottles over. Dean thought the water tasted odd but he kept drinking until it was empty. "Would you like to carry on Dean? Have three more questions then you can go home." Castiel through in a smirk as Dean nodded, picking up the pen again writing away.
At the parking lot, Jensen stayed in the car for five minutes "Jen? You gonna go in?" Dean tapped his sons shoulder gently, making Jensen jump "w-what yeah, I'm going to go now." Jensen slowly moved out the car, slumping his bag over his shoulder walking towards the entrance of the school. Dean didn't drive off just yet, he watched Jensen walk into school, once Jensen disappeared Dean drove off.
"Why is he crying?" Castiel whispered across the room once he returned from the bathroom in a shirt and some shorts, a plaid shirt was thrown on top Cas 'borrowing' it from Dean. "I think he likes you being near him, try it. Walk up to him and see if he shuts up, then walk a few steps away from him." Bobby said from the table trying to help Sam get his arms in his shirt.
8th Month:
Once they reached the bar they headed straight for the bar ordering two beers before sitting down, well Jensen went to sit down, Dean went to play pool across the room. Jensen was halfway through his second beer when he saw Dean getting close to a girl. Something inside Jensen heated up, every time he looked at Dean who was now kissing the girl.
Dean nods as he was placed on the floor moving his hands so they covered his small private parts. "Don't understand why your father thought it was a good idea for you to come see me naked, for the first time."
"Dean, go easy," Castiel warned as Dean had started moving before he was even ready, but Castiel gave him what he wanted knocking the boy so he was flat on his stomach, pulling out slowly before slamming himself back into him.
Dean was sat in his bedroom looking at the paper he was given for homework, the school had given everyone a day off because of the sudden disappearance of kids, Dean in his mind was judging everyone, why nobody was looking and why nobody had said anything. "Stupid teachers, stupid kids and stupid cops," Dean mumbled to himself as soon as his Dad walked in.
Castiel kept his head in the crook of Deans neck, the omegas nails were digging into his back as his legs around his waist his feet crossed and resting above Castiel's butt, while Cas just let his alpha out fucking Dean like it was their last night on earth.
Please Daddy!" Dean panted as his Daddy was sat behind him on his chair at the desk, Dean was bent over the desk so his ass was on show for the alpha.
Dean rolled his hips as another wave of heat rushed through his body, he had felt in between his legs, he now had a little pussy.. which annoyed Dean a little but he secretly enjoyed messing with it when he shouldn't.
As both Winchester boys grew quickly, Dean was a lot more adventurous than Sam always sneaking out to follow the guards where they'd hunt deer in the creepy forest, just at the edge of the forbidden forest, Dean was always caught by the commander of the guards, Bobby Singer; Ellens husband Dean enjoyed his company more then his own fathers, him stepping on a stick would always break his cover. Sam, on the other hand, would always prefer stayed beside the warm fire learning to read a book, or being taught how the town worked with one of the servants teaching him until his big brother challenged him with the wooden swords they were given as gifts.
Walking into the living room Deans hands went straight to cover his little dick, as he stared at the strange Alpha in the house. The same Alpha Dean saw in the doctors. "Wh-Who is that?" Dean glared at his parents as John growled towards the Alpha. "Some Alpha that wants you." Dean tried again to pick up the scent of the Alpha but he couldn't smell one.
Dean some days would be alone at school, but some days he would talk to his friends, Charlie his crazy nerdy best friend, Kevin his shy friend, and Benny his best friend he grew up with. Dean also had a favourite teacher, he was his Maths teacher, Mr Novak, but Dean likes to call him Mr Cas.
Chase, 21 a young hunter, but he wasn't always grown up as a hunter, Chase knew his father was but other than that he never knew anything about it. Chase only became a hunter when he was saved by two men, they called themselves the Winchesters. They both gave him the advice to stay away from monsters and that lifestyle, but Chases curiosity got the better of him, he began looking and researching different monsters and making sure he knew the lore of them.
"Little boy enjoying himself?" Castiel whispered into Deans ear who nodded and moaned but it wasn't enough for Cas. "Yes, Daddy! So good, your cock is so big, filling my cunt so much!" Dean panted as Cas made out a satisfied noise. "Good, think you can come untouched on my knot?" Castiel didn't care when he got a nod from the Omega under him, speeding up the pace.
Jensen looked at Misha, then at his last piece of clothing and back to Misha again. "Fine!" Ripping off his boxers, throwing them on the floor as he joined Misha back on the bed. "Ooo, someones a big boy." Misha chuckled out.
"Just sh-shut up and f-fuck me." Chase got out between kisses, getting a groan from Dean as he pushed in deeper, then back out only to slam back into Chase pushing a high pitched moan into Deans' mouth. They seem to be the moans that got Dean moving. "Fuck, oh fuck! you're so tight, baby." Chase could only nod and hold on to Dean. As well as hearing the motel door slam shut, but they barely paid attention to that.
His mother was clearly worried about Arrow, so she dragged him out the house to help with the shopping, which is how Arrow found himself staring at cans of soup on his own. "What the f- Sorry!" Arrow spun on his heels seeing two fairly large men staring at him. "Wow, I-I mean sorry!" Arrow shook his head seeing both men now smiling.
It took them two days to track the man down since they had to stop for the horses and sleep themselves. It was dusk when the man stopped to have a rest himself.
Castiel, Alpha - Season 11
Dean and Cas work through some more problems.
"Alright, go on then." Dean waved Jensen off out from the garage.
"Oh suck it up big boy," you wiggle you hips getting comfortable as he gave you an icy glare. "So whatcha researching now?" You politely ask the youngest Winchester. "The Wendigo, its still taking people." Humming around Deans food since he gave up with trying to stop you from eating it, "but we gonna kill it right?" You got a snort from Sam who nodded while mumbling about more food.
"No, last rule. If you're gonna be our baby boy, then you got to act like a baby boy," Dean nods. "Okay, Daddy.." Dean sat in the middle of the trailer feeling proud of himself, even if he was still naked with a plug buried deep in his ass.
Alright here is an update! Might be a few mistakes and stuff but I'm tired so I'll reread through when I get the time to!
Biting his lips and blushing Arrow widened his legs two both men, Dean stepped closer closing them, "No. We're gonna do this properly." He winked at Arrow who pouted, crossing his arms Castiel still had a lustful look causing Arrow to want to lie back and open himself up again.
"Let the boy do it, gonna be teaching it to him anyway ain't ya?" Sam and Dean thought for a moment they got everything out the demon, he was just any other demon ruining everything, looking at Cas who only shrugged then at Connor who was standing beside Dean. "You sure?" Dean asked holding the knife in his hand. "You'll be teaching me how to hunt monsters right? Let me kill this one." Dean passed over the knife to Connor who stood with it confused at first, only took Dean to nudge him forward towards the demon smirking at him.
Dean just wishes Cas was here with him, or maybe he should call him? maybe not it was around 7 in the morning, Dean picked up his phone hovering his finger over the call button..
Dean was shoving his clothes in his bag, Cas only lived a few hours away so Dean was packing up to get to him. Getting into his car Dean drove quickly, but safely to Cas'.
Dean had to spend every day looking after his little brother, he wasn’t allowed to even have second guesses it was either he did it or let Sam starve or just be abandoned. There was no time for Dean to behave as a child should, he was forced to grow up quickly to look after and protect his brother.
Castiel is a kitten with Black and White fur with blue eyes! (If You Forgot!!)
"Get this job done then never see each other again right?" Dean glared at Castiel. "Right, now shall we go do this job or sunbathe?" Castiel smirked at Deans back when he turned stomping to his horse.
That's what Dean heard, once again Dean was too busy inside his head, ending up with him bumping into a person. "I'm sorry," Dean bent down to pick the scattered papers on the floor.
Only one thing was on Dean's mind:
Dean woke a few hours after, making himself jump which cause him to wake up looking around he saw he was now in a bedroom, still with the same blanket wrapped around him. Sniffing the air he smelt the familiar smell of bacon so he followed the smell.
"I don't know, but just keep control. Ok?" Dean pulled away helping Jensen stand up straight as he as well as helping him walk to his bedroom seeing how tired he had gotten.
"Sammy, lets go!" Dean shouted kicking Chevy straight into trot as Castiel hurried to follow.
"Shut up, that wasn't supposed to happen, none of this was!" Connor growled sitting up crossing his arms. "What wasn't, Con what's going on with you lately?" Dean sat up.
Dean didn't take his eyes off Castiel, Dean would look down seeing his cock leaking out on his stomach, while hearing the sound of skin slapping skin. "Dean, have you came untouched before?" Dean widened his eyes, shaking his head. "No! I can't do that Cas!" Dean groaned as he saw the devilish smile on Cas' face. "Cas I can't!" Dean whined as he felt Cas, trust faster and harder.
Connor decided to limp his way over was the best way. Carefully tapping the trench coat one who turned to stare at him confused, "what do demons look like?" Connor blurted out instantly getting all the attention on him.
They both laid on the bed as the camera guy set up and left.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel shifted them both so Dean was tucked into his side. They both slept peacefully, well as peacefully as a killer and a teenager could get.
Dean wakes up on the floor next to a small furry thing.
More weeks went by Castiel forced himself out the house to go the store again, keeping his wolf down which was hoping to see the said Omega that had been on his mind for the whole time.
Every time you stopped at a motel you would never share with Dean, always with Sam. It wasn't when Sam asked you about Dean you decided to spill. Sam remained quiet the entire time, and when you had finished he gave you some of his advise. You never paid any attention to it, until two years later, one night at a bar you made yourself forget about the two boys next to you.
The younger men out the two could only smirk down at you as one his hand went to touch your face stroking a cheek, before grabbing your hair and yanking it to bring your face closer to his, as the man came closer to whisper in your ear. “Wanna scream for us, y/n? Wanna show us what sounds come out of little mouth of yours?” The older man’s voice made you shudder with unexpected pleasure or possible fear you couldn’t tell as all you could do was remain strapped to a table and hope it was a quick death.
"Dean? Come on!" Castiel got Dean out from his trance. Dean opened the car door, slowly walking towards the front door that was opened by Castiel. Walking inside it was just the two of them in the house. "Dean what's the first thing you want to do?" Dean looked around the room they were currently in it was the living room.
"Oh Okay... so should I fuck you then? Like right now?" Dean rolled his eyes even though Cas couldn't see him do it. "Yes Cas. Fuck. Me. Or. Fuck. Off!" Dean was trying to keep himself together but he lost it when he felt Cas' hand run over his pussy.
"Hey Winchester! Didn't know you were bringing your bitch today," Dean wanted to rip this persons throat out. "He's my son, and I'm trying to make him understand what his place is because he hasn't seemed to figure it out yet." The alphas were starting to crowd around.
Opening the door Castiel was met with a shot of pain going through and from his leg, the only sound that he was left with was the panic coming from Dean's voice.
The video started off slow, with the people just touching each other while kissing. Chase also wanting to be slow put a hand under his shirt to feel his chest, shivering at his own touch Chase just gently ran a hand over his upper body, ignoring his dick that was getting harder.
Castiel, a young outlaw he hadn't always been an outlaw, he had been working for his families bar it wasn't until one of his older brothers, Lucifer, went off the rails to rob a bank, as the family had been in debt with the property. So the five brothers, were on the run ever since, robbing banks, trains or any other type of loot they got their hands on.
"Dunno, I was thinkin' about getting a girl to fuck?" Jensen smirked at his brother, who just smirked right back.
Castiel never forgot the way Dean screamed his name on that night, the blood cutting scream of the man who saw his best friends life disappear from his eyes. Sighing to himself as he wrapped his black wings around his body as he waited.
Sam was dragged through a house by Lucifer who took him to a bedroom. Sam looked around quickly but there wasn't anywhere he could escape from easily. "Gabriel! You are staying with him for a few minutes!" Lucifer smiled down at Sam who looked terrified. "Yes, yes Gabriel will stay with the toy!"
After cleaning up his mess Castiel made a clicking sound with his fingers he knew Dean knows what it means, but he glared at the small boy who didn’t walk over to him fast enough. “Kneel,” Castiel snapped his fingers, but Dean didn’t do it. “Ah, we’re doing this tonight are we?” Castiel sneered, grabbing a fistful of Deans hair making him yelp out in pain, and brings him to his knees in front of Castiel.
"Alright. You have an hour after school, with me." The teacher snapped causing Arrow to groan. "Whyy, didn' do anything," Arrow muttered, the look on the woman's face was enough for Arrow. "Good, now please answer."
Dean was sat on the floor on his alphas office, his alpha was in a meeting and didn't want to take Dean as Dean was extremely vulnerable while during his heat. But like any young omega Dean got bored quickly, getting to his feet to begin looking around the office.
"Well, what did you do." A girl turned to Arrow who was in the detention room with him. "Called the principle of the school a heartless bitch, as well as telling some people something I shouldn't." Arrow saw the girl smile wide, before laughing. "Wow! That's a good one. And what was the thing?"
Jensen took a hold of both their erect members letting out a small groan fall out his mouth at the feeling. Jerking both their dicks in one of his hand Jensen guided one of Mishas hands round the back of him, Misha looking up with lustful look in his eyes. "Put a finger in me?" Jensen growled out behind a broken moan, getting a nod for an answer.
Castiel stood taller as John walked towards Dean. "Well would you like me to drop his stuff off?" Castiel shook his head at the other alpha.
"My name is Scarlet, also I like Aero." Scarlet smiled making Arrow smile. "Alright, the two of you can go home!" The old lady shouted Arrow was surprised to see Scarlet walking out with him. "So, number." Scarlet stopped pulling Arrow by his bag.
Jensen Winchester was adopted by Dean Winchester and his husband Castiel Winchester.
Dean met Charlie every Friday to tell each other how there week has gone, Dean had told her all about his teacher she was flapping around him, telling him to get a move on. But to be honest Dean was scared the only person he's ever told his feelings to was Charlie. "so you jerked off to Cas?" Dean nods along as he sips his coffee. "I Want him in me.. I want it rough. I Just ugh!" Dean was starting to feel like a teenage girl, Charlie was giggling covering her mouth, Dean looked at what she was giggling at. "Oh Shit!" Dean covered his face with his jacket "Hey, Castiel!" Charlie waved at him the poor guy just looked confused.
"Daddy?" Dean looked confused as Castiel cleaned up the cum from him. "You were naughty today, interrupting Daddys work with his brother. So naughty boys don't come, got that?" Castiel looked at Dean who nods slowly.
Jensen went straight back to his room, Misha was still sleeping but Jensen being Jensen, taking off his boxers crawling back on the bed to lie next to Misha, one hand going under the covers wrapping around Misha's dick, as a sigh left Misha's mouth turning on his side away from Jensen.
The baby was male to Johns sigh of relief holding his son in his arms sitting next to his wife allowing the small being in his arms to smell the scent of his father and mother for the first time. They announced the baby as Dean Winchester, the whole town was excited to hear the child was healthy as well as the Queen. Dean grew spending most of the time running across the halls giggling as he always caused trouble for the many servants in the castle, taking an interest in Ellen instantly as she would bath, teach him to read and write as well as be the one to shout at him while he ran through the halls demanding Dean to put his little weapon away.
At twenty Dean was still working for his dad's friend, but everything was different. He wasn’t allowed to work on the cars only pick up the phone if someone called in to bring their car in, he wasn’t even allowed to leave the small office he was stuck in, phone calls and paperwork were the only way Dean was making money to that was made only to keep up with paying his half of the rent for an apartment he shared with his best friend that had to be an Alpha for him to even live there.
Leaving Dean to mess with his best friend.
"Any luck finding men to accompany me?" Castiel muttered into his glass, as Crowley hummed in response. "Two men have accepted, but your families seemed to have.. disagreed a few years back." Crowley was leaning in closer.
"You wanna cum Sam? You wanna see make each other cum? Tell us what you want," Jensens words went straight through Sam "I wanna cum, and I want to see you cum too, Please,," Jensen and Dean looked each other and smiled, before kissing each other. "Okay, Sammy, watch your brothers" and that's what Sam did.
Dean had started to get restless in the position he was in as he began to wiggle around "Dean, do you wish your left ass cheek had the same treatment as your right?" Dean instantly stopped wiggling again. "Good boy, now since I gave you something special last night you are going to repay me."
As Castiel returned he growled at Dean."You don't mate with Humans!" Castiel glared at Dean, looking into the Demons black eyes.
Dean already likes his new alpha.
“Ooo, do that again!” Castiel asks enjoying the sound as much as Dean. So Dean did, guiding the blade in a different spot but the exact slow movement. Dean during some point in his playtime with knives decided to kneel on the stool sticking his bottom out while poking his father’s torso with the handle of the blade. “So…. John, did mommy scream like this?” Dean looked at John who was very much awake and very much still alive. “N-No, Dean.” John broke eye contact ticking Dean off, jabbing him harder with the handle. “Tell me! Or you’ll get worse than a blade in your fucking leg!” Dean snapped flipping the blade in his hand to face the correct way.
"Don't you shake your bells at me, Dean," Cas smirked leaving Dean midway of placing another decoration on the tree before he could say anything Cas was busy in the kitchen with making himself a nice deserving cup of coffee, only to join Dean to finish decorating.
This wasn’t the end, but it felt like it was.
"Why, just why?" Jensen sighed at Misha who smiled at him. "School time!"
Castiels hands released y/n neck as he started pulling out from her collecting his blade cleaning it on her body before picking up the now lifeless body to get rid of the mess. He didn’t acknowledge the Winchester who remained quiet, keeping his head down all while remaining in his standing position in the corner until Castiel had completed his task.
Dean quickly agreed to Castiel looking over his shoulder at the older man who was casually giving his cock a few tugs. "Kneel!" Castiel commanded Dean scrambled to the floor in front of Cas, being greeted with a smack in the face by a cock. "Wrap those pretty lips around it boy." Castiel had a hand on Deans head guiding it forward.
Cas dropped the paper on the table, he looked at his phone, he had noticed the hand writing it was Deans, so Cas picked up his phone to text Dean.
Jensen was currently laid out on the bed with his phone in his hands, Dean was sat at the little table with his laptop, and Sam was well looking at both twins. Sam knew what they did in the dark, when they think Sam was asleep but really Sam would listen. He would listen to the sounds they would make, the small little gasps, the quickening of their breaths when they were close to the edge.
"He might be hungry Cas." Bobby advised Cas who looked blankly at Bobby. "How do I feed him?" Castiel looked from Bobby to Dean who was waiting on Cas to feed him. "There was some of that weird baby food in that bag I gave you."
“If you don’t fuck me now, I’ll get someone who will.” Dean gritted out glaring at Cas who smirked, Dean, let out a gasp before fully registering that he had the alphas cock right up his ass, and when he noticed he moaned. “Move... Alpha move.” Dean whined again, happy that Cas listened and moved.
“Well, glad we sorted that out. No more watching Castiel without permission!” Lucifer hit Sam across the face causing a little moan fall from his mouth, another one of the positives about Sam he enjoyed the roughness. Gabriel pulled back from collecting Lucifers cum from Sams ass forcing Sam to stand a turn as he kissed him sharing the taste between them.
Dean dragged them up his legs, they fit nicely on him looking up he saw his Daddy looking at him like prey. "Do I look good?" Dean innocently asked, getting a silent nod from Castiel. "Look good enough to eat." Castiel smiled at Dean, he finally got the boy of his dreams, and nightmares.
Looking at the doorway, one nurse walked in and with the person, he was hoping for. "Dean..."
Dean was wondering around the floor, there were two bedrooms, for some reason, a small living room area, white couches were placed in the middle.
"Nothing much, I thought today we could have a day off?" Sam didn't take his eyes off his book, "today is a day off, reason why we're stilling sitting on our asses." Dean smiled at the face his brother made. Just at that moment Castiel and Jack came strolling in to join in the day of doing nothing.
"And Lucifer? Satan right?" Matthew asked while they exit the car walking to a quiet diner where four people were waiting. Shay and Matthew stayed out the way just while the brothers talked about the situation. "This a stupid idea, especially if damn Angels show up." Matthew muttered, Shay just hummed not commenting. "Pay attention Shay!" Matt hissed.
You and Dean both struggle with talking your feelings.
"What! No, Dean. I'm guessing that you're an omega, I just wanted to make sure, and I won't get rid of you." Dean let out a sigh of relief, as they swam back. Only to be greeted by Deans blue eyed best friend, Cas.
"What is it Dean?" Cas softly asked the omega.
Three children; two twin boys, one girl:
What’s the plan?
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas held on to Deans shirt as Dean clung on to Cas' arm.
Deans mouth watered at the sight of Jensens ass. "Hell, yeah!"
Castiel kissed down Deans back, when he reached the base of Deans tail he traced a finger around where it begins to start, feeling the Demon under him shake. "Cassss... What are you doing to me.." Castiel smiled at the wreaked voice, wanted to wreak it more he ran his fingers up until the tip was in his palm. "Ready Dean?"
Dean was whining while moaning as the head of Cas' cock entered him "fuck, fuck, fuck,move Cas!"
Luckily Cas wasn't that far behind all Dean had heard was a loud long moan from Cas' end.
"We will just take it simple today just, get used to each other the camera will be on but we can edit the parts where you're not doing much."
"Ok, well all this started when I was 13, you know when I came out to my dad, my mom was supportive so was my little brother Sammy, you'll love him when you met him by the way! But John, my father, he wasn't so supportive as you know I'm terrified whenever I go see my family. The this he did weren't nice Cas, would you want me to tell you the thing he did? The things he made me feel.
"You know this is fun and all, but good god there is only so much you can do in this place!" Misha groaned out in the library two weeks after the adults left. Jensen and Misha had been doing good together until today, Jensen getting irritated by everything Misha did. "Well go do something!"
"Castiel, your Human is..." The Angel reading out the name had to do a double take on the name, looking at the other Angels next to him who just shrugged.
Jensen.
"A Leopard Gecko?" Sam stepped next to his brother who turned to him. "Yes, it doesn't look that big, perfect right?" Dean saw Sam sigh. "Alright lets get Cas a gecko."
(See the end of the chapter for
" Lucifer snarled.
Every Sunday, update (hopefully) if I'm not busy!
After a long week of dealing with Castiel’s brothers mostly Lucifer since he dragged Sam and Gabriel around constantly. Castiel was currently sitting on the sofa with Dean, who was peacefully napping while resting his head on Cas’s thigh when Sam came charging into the room jumping on his older brother who wasn’t pleased with him at all.
"Well your two little Angels juts bailed boys," Rowena smirked as Sam and Dean just saw two angels run out the door. "Shit. Come on!" Dean ran after the angels who had stopped beside the car. "What the hell happened!?" Sam questioned. "Him, again." Matthew pointed at Shay who groaned on the floor. "Blood." Shay whispered to the floor.
A Vampire and Werewolf hybrids existed. Jensen quickly told Misha who actually agreed, finding out where this pack of Vampire/Werewolves were hiding was slightly harder, but they found a small farm house just outside the town. Jensen collecting the right gear from the trunk of his car, Misha was surprisingly calm for a first timer. "You sure Mish?" Jensen took hold of Mishas hand giving him a squeeze before they went to scout the house.
Dean being the cheeky little brat he was glanced over his shoulder not seeing Castiel assuming that he was either in his office trying to check the news on his latest kill in another state or out shopping for the usual but unusual crap that he buys for killing. Dean after double checking he was alone, thankful that the fence was a higher one then the last crappy house they stayed at, Dean was just showing a nice teenage girl how to properly jerk off a guy before an old lady screamed at them for being underaged and doing anything sexual with each other that old lady wasn’t going to be a problem to anyone anymore, Dean wiggled out of his shorts on the little lounger he was currently occupying.
"I love you, Cas." Dean whispered squeezing his hand.
*****
Dean would look after Sammy, while his father was at work, Deans father would look at the boys like he had the whole world, he wouldn't let anyone hurt them, especially Dean.
,” Castiel sneered biting the boys ear getting a moan from him, he went deeper and rougher, the sound kept him going and going until he spills inside the boy just as he spills over his body. The scream was worth it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What is it?" Dean asked actually curious. "They are oil glands, its for his wings." Cas made Dean jump but not removing his hand from Shays wing. "Oh, come to join us Cas?" Dean smirked as Cas shook his head. "Playing with him won't end well for you Dean."
Dean gripped the bed sheets when he felt his Castiel's tongue making contact with his ass. A warm feeling went through Dean as a pleased hum came from Castiel, knowing it was him that was making his Daddy make those noises. "Daddy, hurry up!" Dean whined but squealed as a hand made contact with his ass. "Impatient tonight are we?" Castiel smirked at the pout Dean made while wiggling his hips.
Comment? I haven't forgotten this I'm just finding everything so tiring at the moment!
Once Dean was in his bedroom he picked out his clothes that he slept in, the shirt had Deans favourite animal with the pants he wore were black. Pulling the clothes on he sat on the bed after collecting his stuffed animal from his bag.
Sam, on the other hand, was falling asleep on Gabriel who was gently stroking his hair, Sam enjoyed cuddling up with Gabriel even if he was a little odd and creepy at sometimes but other then that Sam enjoyed being with Gabriel, he also enjoyed seeing his brother relaxed for once.
Dean dropped his head, so Cas couldn't see the tears developing in his eyes "don't Cas, please don't.." Dean knew his voice broke at the end but he didn't even care about it.
Also please comment, I feeling really down and I don't know if people like this or should I stop?
After the woman's house Sam went to talked to three more women but the last people were three teenage girls.
Dragging the shopping cart through the store, groaning as he looked at the badly written list his stepdad clear wrote. He couldn't quite figure out what one of the items on the list was, he guessed it was cheese or something stupid and not important so he skipped it. Connor looking down not looking where he was going ended up bumping into a guy in a trench coat? "S-Sorry!" Connor quickly apologised walking around the man who was standing with a taller one that just smiled at him. Overhearing a part of their conversation making Connor walk faster.
"So the English teacher, really Dean?" Sam laughed as they were out of earshot from their mother.
Dean woke up pushing himself up, gently moving the water with his tail. Dean was having a dream that he and Cas were happy together with their own family, just thinking about the dream made Deans tail drop. "Dean! Time to go school!" Swimming out the little cave where he slept his father handed him some food, as well as telling him to cheer up. Putting on a fake smile as he swam out the opening of his families cave.
A squeal came out of Jessica, Deans eyes tracked every movement of the knife as a small cut had been created on the girls arm. Dean looked up at Castiel with a small tilt of his head but glancing at the blood every few seconds.
Dean shook his head at the door his brother just left, opening the same video Castiel caught him watching two weeks ago, hoping he would appear. Stripping off his clothes, the same as he was two weeks ago, leaving the same red plaid shirt open, his boxers thrown somewhere in the room. This time Dean had the laptop near the headboard, Dean on his stomach with one of the pillows under him.
Carrying Dean downstairs putting him on the sofa nearest so the warmth of the fire would land on his body, and wrapping a blanket around him Cas left the room to make hot drinks for the two of them, it was only a minute after he left he heard Dean whimper.
Cas frowns. "Please, Dean. Let me heal you."
Cas kept talking for a while, until Dean’s shoulders were fully relaxed and his breathing evened out, and for some time after that. He held this stubborn, reckless warrior of earth in his arms and talked of orchids and root systems and bees.
“You should be with him. He’d appreciate you. He’s already over the moon for you, man.”
"Hey," older Dean says, a little too sharply. "Don't be an asshole."
"Sam," he says quietly. "Okay, take a breath, big guy."
“Oh,” Dean says shakily. “Okay then.”
Everyone looks at Cas, who has a slightly pained expression. “I was mostly listening,” he says. “I would not say we bonded on a more familiar level.”
When Jack finally agrees to move on, they stop at one of the zoo restaurants for lunch. Dean gets a burger and a coke - because he can - and Jack copies him, because of course he does. Cas doesn't eat anything, just sits there folding one of their napkins into a little paper frog. Dean can tell that Cas' thoughts are going back to the mess of their lives, can see the way everything about him seems to get heavier.
"Okay, okay. I'll make sure he gets his ass down here over the weekend. Listen, speaking of, I gotta get over to work, but tell the rest of the gang I said hi, alright?"
He can’t remember the name of it, or the poet, or how the thing begins, but there’s a line running through his head now while he and his brother sit there in all the scattered debris of their lifetime of trauma.
John drank a lot that summer. Dean didn’t think it was about Sam, not really, but the fighting didn’t help. He knew that dad was feeling stuck in his attempts to find leads on mom’s murder. Dad could find plenty of vampires, ghosts, werewolves and other monsters to hunt, but the few trails he’d managed to pick up over the years on what happened in Lawrence had all run dry.
" older Dean says, and he actually sounds excited for once. "Sam won't commit to a whole show, and Cas gets all theological about it, so Charlie's been the only person who gets it. Dude, just wait. You're gonna love the next -"
Dean turned back towards the ceiling and shut his eyes. The sweat was beginning to cool on his skin, pricking with cold, and he felt sticky and raw between his legs. He felt too vulnerable like this, naked and cold in an abandoned house in the middle of nowhere that anyone could walk into.
Dean stares at his younger brother, wondering how his little Sammy had grown to be this person who was so smart, so much stronger than Dean was.
Dean's throat is tight. He looks at the little strip of grass that isn't enough, isn't what Cas deserves. It's all Dean has left to give though.
Cas was actually there for part of this one. He watches the part he didn't see, the part where past Dean hovers in the doorway and tells Lisa and Ben Braeden that he was the guy who hit them with his car. Past Dean looks as broken as Cas had ever seen before this spell.
Dean swallows. "I'm serious, Cas. I need you to leave."
“Yeah,” Dean says, unwilling to move either. His heart is beating too fast. His feelings are coming too fast too, one on top of the other. He feels lightheaded and a little sick and a lot like he’d like to put his tongue back in Cas’ mouth.
It's been so long that Dean kinda forgot what that felt like. Nowadays it's a toss-up on whether he can stomach anything. Sometimes food still gives him joy, but there are a lot of days now when it's the last thing on his mind. Maybe it was Michael, not needing to eat as an angel and then barely being able to exist in the world at all while he was fighting him off. Maybe it was losing mom again, the pale slackness to her face that still haunts him on every other breath. Maybe it was nearly letting Cas go over it.
"All that shit you said about me, Cas… Jesus, man. I don't know what to do with that. What am I supposed to do with that? I want… Maybe it's selfish, but I want to believe you. Want to believe I could be that person. I'm gonna try, Cas. What you said to me, it's… it's so much. Did you know that? Did you know how much love you were giving me?"
"You're out of your mind, man. We're not bailing on dad."
Dean must have missed part of the conversation because Sam is saying "... coffee, if you want some." Eileen nods, brushing past younger Dean and turning her back on them all to fill a mug. Younger Dean glances at her, then gives Sam a quick thumbs up and a grin. Sam smiles, ducking his head slightly, but Dean can tell he's pleased that younger Dean approves.
Dean's sighs and runs a hand across his face. "Cas. I'm just trying to say, you can tell me stuff, if you want to."
“Would it shock you if I said I was on board for that?” she’d asked.
“I got my first kiss when I was thirteen,” Dean said eventually, quietly. His eyes flitted back up to Cas’.
"You told me once that I needed to let go of everyone I couldn't save because it was the opposite of what you do. Which, frankly, was terrible advice."
Dean laughs in spite of his suppressed nerves. “Like father, like son, man. You went through this phase when you were like two and a half. Wouldn’t eat anything except mac and cheese. It drove dad crazy.”
Sam saying "you and Cas" like they were a unit, inviting them to Shabbat dinners with him and his wife. The kids at the house, asking him about Cas like Dean was his keeper.
"Oh yeah, that'll go over well. I haven't even told him about Chuck yet. Come on, he's you. You know how hard he's going to take… everything."
This seems useless to argue with, so Dean backtracks. “Whatever. I meant older me is an idiot about you, anyway."
"So what, you're just going to let him beat on you forever?" Sam sounds somewhere between close to crying and like he might like to punch Dean himself. "We can get out of here. For good."
"I'm an
Cas thought, listening to Dean's soft snores against his chest, that if the energy of his life carries on past Cas' own, final, death, these will be the moments that whatever is left of his frequency and radiation remember.
When Dean wakes up the next morning he groans and buries his head under the pillow. “Next time, remind me that I’m fucking forty, man,” Dean grumbles into the bedsheet.
The bluegrass plays over in his head, looping the lyrics, bringing up all the same images of that night from years ago.
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, reference to past child abuse (physical and emotional), other reference to emotional abuse, mention of canon character death, reference to some dubious consent situations, brief mention of suicidal ideation
Dean is grateful that Cas can't see his face. He wishes he would just stop talking, and it's the first time he's felt that particular warped emotion since whatever was the last heartfelt confession Sam dragged out of him, and that realization only adds another layer to the confusion of pain he's feeling.
Dean’s hands are clean, edging into pruning, from stress-washing Baby (and maybe a few of the other cars), and he curls them into fists at his side.
The baby looks a little like Dean remembers Sammy at that age.
Spotting a wall of stuffed animals in the shape of those they’d just seen in the North America habitats, Dean makes his way over and picks up a plush Bison. He remembers eight year-old Sammy lingering over something like this, having recently picked up some books on the prairie or whatever. Dean hadn’t been able to get it for him and Sam hadn’t asked or complained, of course, but he’d wanted it. There were so many things Sammy wanted that Dean was never able to give him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What, Damian? Why?"
Sam catches himself on that stray thought:
A man in a slick gray suit, way too polished for this part of town, approached Dean on the corner, an unlit cigarette dangling loosely in his fingers.
Cas has seen his soul, after all.
in there. Like his kid brother has had twenty years of hell dumped on his head all at once.
"Uh… since I started at CSU? There's a free clinic for students."
Twenty-two-year-old Dean doesn't see any good options laid out before him at this particular crossroads, and so he makes the only choice he feels he can.
"I have never dressed up as Elvis," Cas said.
"I said I'll be fine," Cas finally says. "It's not a temporal shift, just a spatial one."
“What?” Cas frowns at him, as if Dean’s foot could even hurt him.
“I… I don’t know.” Dean twists his hands in his lap. “I don’t want to be dependent on something like that, you know? Plus it just seems… It seems stupid to need a drug for my
They’re still standing there like that when Cas makes a startled sort of noise and he flickers.
"Look, you're right, take a couple of days. I'll be up north. Join me, or visit, or I'll come visit you, you know. Maybe this'll pass, but I just gotta… I just gotta move, man. I can't…" Dean closes his eyes and takes a deep breath.
Dean frowned at him, puffing up for a second like he was being challenged before sinking just as quickly back into his nervous energy. "I'm not saying no here, Cas. I'm just…" Dean tangled their fingers, looking down at their hands. "That's really what you want? Just to touch me?"
because fuck it, Dean’s not there to make fun of him, and if he lets his boyfriend play it in the car then he hasn’t got a leg to stand on.
Cas heaves himself off the wall and waves Dean's protest away. "It's temporary," he says. "Where would you like to go?"
“I might have something,” Cas says. He always joins them for dinner, but he usually doesn’t eat unless it’s to indulge Dean or older Dean’s cooking. “It’s not much, but I found another instance of the phrase in a passage about the Trojan war. It says how the Trojan horse was created using this ‘wood of the divine’. I don’t know if it’s the same thing, but it could be.”
Late that night, when everything is dark and still and quiet, Dean lies awake and stares at the ceiling.
They tramp through the woods together until they come to the gentle slope that rises above the overgrown farmyard. There is a burnt out shell of a barn, nothing but ash and black timbers, and beyond it the wild grasses that have been allowed to claim a patch of land that might once have yielded some sort of harvest. The house itself looks stable enough, at least from the outside. A couple of windows are broken, and the long front porch is sagging with waterlogged wood at one end, but it otherwise seems whole. It's the kind of place Dean himself might have shacked up in for a night if he was working a case in the area and couldn't afford a motel.
is. Cas has seen this purported fact used in such a way to make inspirational quotes about change and growth, or as a reassurement that even things like break-ups and grief will someday be scrubbed clean of a person’s cells. Cas can understand the desire to believe this, can appreciate the metaphorical resonance of it, even if it simply isn’t true. There were always angels who looked down on humanity and spurned them for their ignorance, but Cas knows that part of what makes humanity worth saving is its insistent if sometimes nonsensical invention of meaning. Humanity is a story that it tells itself, for better or for worse. This is why facts matter, yes, but so do myths. So do metaphors.
Sam rubs his left hand with his right, his thumb automatically pressing into the scar on his palm, the point of pain that kept him tethered to reality for a long time.
Now-Dean knows that he won't. That this is the hunt where dad finally leaves him and doesn't come home. He's been leaving Dean on his own more and more over the last few years, since Sam left, basically. At this point they're barely hunting together, just meeting up every few weeks so dad can give him orders.
Cas’ fingers caressed his face. “I don’t know,” he admitted.
This chapter needs some sort of upfront content warning for scenes of therapy. It isn't exactly tragic, but it is heavy. (There's lighter scenes too, promise)
It takes three months for Sam to find a therapist he approves of, and then Dean tries to veto it because the guy works all the way out in Boulder, but Sam just rolls his eyes and says "Dude, it's once a week. Those drives you take to clear your head last longer. Suck it up."
“I don’t remember much before the first complex organisms began to walk the earth,” Cas admitted. “There was so much to absorb at first. The whole universe to take in. The earth was a place of interest, of course, but I think I was among the stars for awhile, just learning about my place in things.”
thing he needs is to be thinking about the fresh sting of twenty-six-year-old Dean's wounds.
"Of course, Dean. I'll watch over you."
The second time, it was past midnight and Sam had woken up with a funny feeling of worry in his stomach. Dean was still struggling with Michael, and Sam was facing down the idea of his brother dying again, or of Dean being tortured at the bottom of the ocean for all eternity. The anxiety wouldn’t abate, so Sam had tiptoed to Dean’s room and eased it open, just to check on him, only to find it empty. So he’d knocked gently on Cas’ door and opened that too when he got no reply. Fear hit him hard then, irrational post-nightmare fear, and Sam frantically searched the bunker, unsure what exactly he was even afraid of.
Dean scoffs half-heartedly. “Oh come on.”
Sam has the insane urge to tell Dean he loves him - that or hug him, or punch him. Something in that range of emotion. He doesn't though, because they don't say or do those things except in extremes, and even though Sam has a sinking suspicion that Dean might be about to go down another road of self-sabotage, Sam is not going to entertain the idea that Dean might actually die next week. That's not happening. They're just not doing that.
"I mean, whatever you are now, angel, Death, do the rules work for you here? Like if you wanted a cheeseburger or whatever, would one just show up in your pocket?"
“Dean, have you ever considered medication?” Hank asks, somewhere near the end of the hour.
"Hey, what would you have done?" Dean snaps back, because he knows, of course. "If there was a chance I could have saved that guy upstairs -"
I didn't know when to tell you this, so is now a good time to let y'all know that my initial plan was to just do an epilogue to tie everything up with the show, but I fucked up canon so much that I'm going to need to write a whole separate fic? The twenty-one chapters here will finish up the arc of this story as I had originally intended, but instead of having an epilogue here at the end, there will be a separate three chapter sequel/epilogue to deal with the finale etc.
It is exceedingly relevant, however, when one is a being made of light.
Sam is standing there in the early morning light, his pissed-off expression somewhat ruined by the fact that he is carrying two coffees and a to-go bag from the bakery two blocks down.
They’re silent for a while. Cas has one arm thrown over his stomach, the other gently stroking Dean’s hair. Dean puts his hand on the back of Cas’ arm, but otherwise he doesn’t lean in.
Dean hadn't realized how much he missed that gravelly voice.
Dean bolts upright, gasping, one hand going up to claw at his own chest, the other grabbing Cas' hand in a vice-like grip.
For twenty years, Dean had told Alastair that, until one time the demon had shrugged and said “Well, if you insist,” and moved to press up between Dean’s spread legs.
Dean would have given himself to save younger Dean, had always planned to if it came down to it, but he does not want to look too closely at the ugly, selfish relief he feels that one of them made it to Cas first. Because he doesn't know if even the cracked bit of himself that he currently is could survive losing Cas again. The way Cas looks like he might not survive losing younger Dean.
The thing that is eating away at twenty-six year-old Dean isn’t Hell or the demon blood or the frikkin’ apocalypse or any of that - it should be, but that is so far beyond Dean’s ability to process, something that he may never actually go through, that he’s kinda able to shut it away. No, the thing that is going to kill Dean is
"Please, dad. Let me drive."
“Huh,” Dean says, remembering to turn back to the nook this time. “That’s an interesting question. Cas? How
Dean doesn't trust the relative calm, every past experience screaming at him that it is the break before the storm, but he tries to muscle his way through it. The alternative is to live in a constant state of paralysis, just waiting for shit to hit the fan. So he relegates that feeling to one corner of his mind, shuts the door, and tries to pretend it's locked despite the occasional squirm in his gut.
"What the hell," Dean says to Cas as they follow other-Dean to the Impala waiting in the parking lot. "This isn't even a dream I've had, man. I thought this was supposed to be demons of my past or whatever."
It wasn’t something Cas would have picked out of the seemingly endless menu of sexual pursuits catalogued on the internet, but he likes it because Dean likes it. He likes giving Dean the freedom to lose control a little, to let go, even if just for a moment. Cas suspects that’s what it is - that Dean’s low-key and somewhat abashed interest in aspects of submission has at least a partial root in his usual need to be in control. Something there, too, in his slight shame of
Dean stumbled out into the bright - too bright - Louisiana sunshine, staggered to where he’d parked the Impala, and slid into the driver’s seat with a soft moan. He knew he shouldn’t be driving, but then, his life was a series of things he shouldn’t be doing, so Dean drove straight from Louisiana to South Dakota, stopping only for gas, once for coffee and a bag of chips, and once to vomit the chips back up.
“Dean,” Sam says, all gentle, and it makes Dean’s hackles go up the way his brother’s gentleness always does. He can’t help it.
“Shut up. Whatever. It’s good stoner music.” Dean wasn’t far gone enough to admit to Sam that he
Dean takes a deep breath in, deep breath out.
He still signs clumsily, even though he's practiced, but he can manage a brief accompaniment as he says "Good to see you," out loud.
Fool in the Rain - Led Zeppelin song
They make it through the rest of the zoo with only one other minor incident. When they stop at the Children’s Farms near the exit, which includes a petting zoo, all the free roaming domestic animals gravitate toward Jack and Cas. Jack is delighted by this, actually giggling as a number of cows surround him and swipe him with their long purplish tongues. Cas seems both pleased and bemused, patting the horns of a goat and murmuring in language that Dean doesn’t know. Cas is apparently sending the animals away, because they go, reluctantly. Jack isn’t making any attempt to do the same, but fortunately there are only a handful of people around in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday, no field trips with groups of kids to witness the strange familiarity of the animals to these two men.
Cas kisses him back. Dean wasn’t sure if he would - and maybe that’s bad, maybe he should have asked first, but here he is, reaching for things that he shouldn’t. Cas goes soft against him, lets Dean manhandle him up against the trunk, presses back against the kiss with a gentleness that is unbearable.
Now-Dean is uncomfortably aware of how transparent his younger self's face is. He always thought he held it in better than that, but past Dean's heart is breaking in the silence as loudly as a guitar string snapping.
Cas is silent for a long moment. Then: "I'll go."
So what if Dean and Cas never… So what if they never held hands or kissed or fucked or whatever. Dean never would have understood it when he was younger, but that’s not all love is. Cas knew every inch of Dean from the inside out. Technically speaking, Cas had touched Dean more intimately than anyone else ever would. Cas had gripped him by his fucking soul. And even after that, he’d still loved Dean. Still thought Dean was worthy of that kind of love.
“Hey, no.” Dean can hear the creak of the bed and Sam’s feet on the floor. “I’m up now. Would have been up in an hour to go for a run before Jude wakes up anyway. Talk to me.”
"Excuse me," Cas says right behind him, winded and with venom. "Are you telling me that I can't decide my own favorite superhero, after you
Constantine had invited Dean back for a drink, and it wasn't like anyone was waiting back at the motel for Dean, not unless he wanted to drive all the way back to Missoula that night.
that he’d managed to break through the gurney straps. Wrestling down a man completely unaware of his own strength and surroundings without hurting him formed some kind of bond, apparently, and Lu’s been making him listen to indie Spotify playlists ever since.
"Okay," he says, flexing his hands. "We're good. Let's go."
“Right,” Dean says. He finally steps back, breaks their points of contact. He has to look away from Cas, look up at the sky and keep from crying - not because this is rejection, or because the things he wants are futile once again, but because Cas basically told him he loved him. Not older Dean, but Dean himself. Just like that. Like it’s nothing. Or like it’s something obvious. Like it’s something Dean just deserves, without having done a thing to earn it.
Dean asked Cas about the plants,, and Cas made Dean stop at one point to watch a peregrine falcon's slow circles against the blue sky. It lowered in graceful spirals, a lone creature in perfect symmetry with itself, so much a part of the Design that it made that old habitual place in Cas' chest ache for the beauty of it. He turned away and found Dean watching him. They stood there looking at each other for a moment, before Dean shook his head with that little smile again and led the way up.
The cot creaks and tilts under Sam's weight as he joins Dean. He slings an arm over his shoulders once again, like this is a normal thing. Like touch isn't reserved for fistfights and near-death experiences.
“We’re not calling our bar Trust. I don’t care what dream-me said, it’s a stupid name.”
"Yes." Cas sighs heavily. "We can die. We can definitely die."
John shook his head. "Listen son, when a girl tells you to read poetry, just lie and tell her you did. It's easier and a lot less gay."
“He is too. You know that, right?” Dean opens his eyes. Cas is so close. So far. “I’m guessing he doesn’t tell you, but he is.”
*Upfront Content Warning: this chapter contains brief reference to historical practices of pedophilia, and reference to past childhood sexual abuse. Nothing graphic. More content warnings in end notes.*
Time is ticking by, and Dean feels both absolutely nothing and a sort of deadened panic. It's like water flowing under ice. It's there inside him, making all the usual fuss in his nervous system, but his body isn't talking to his higher conscious.
or the things they yelled at each other the night Sam left for Stanford, it isn't that Sam feels
Dean starts to hum. He doesn't realize what he's humming until the stereo in the Impala flicks on and the tinny, perfect music comes floating out into the night.
John glances up, tired, irritated. "What is it, Sam?"
After all of this, and Dean still can't see.
It's the day after mom died. It's the first time John's ever hit him.
“I… Thank you. I think I will, if you don’t mind.”
Dean likes teaching the dogs useless tricks. He likes that there is always some work on the house or their three acres of land that he can do. He likes that he can watch all the trashy television he wants without enduring Sam's judgement, and he was somewhat surprised to rediscover how much he likes reading. Sometimes he and Cas just sit curled up in the evenings with their respective books, legs tangled on the couch with a dog or cat or two on top of them.
"Oh yeah? Did you wake up just in time for daddy?" Sam asks his son, and he signs "Father" in ASL.
“In the morning,” Cas murmured, and Dean vaguely remembered chuckling before falling back asleep.
“Shut up, okay? I’m fine. Let me just…” Dean runs his hands through his hair. The silence hangs heavy around them and Dean wishes he was alone here. He thinks that, actually, Sam would have been worse than Cas, because Sam would have been pissed. Sam wouldn’t have understood why Dean wasn’t angrier, why he couldn’t just be mad at John for what he’d done.
Cas has been brought back from the dead so many times, has been remade, re-shaped, re-purposed, that he's pretty sure… Well, he's pretty sure whatever was left of Jimmy is gone from this body. He's pretty sure that, somehow, now that he's fallen, even though he still has his grace (sometimes), this body has become
They all meet back in the living room, Sam with a duffle bag slung over one shoulder, and file down to the garage. Dean breaks into an automatic grin at the sight of the Impala, and he runs his fingers over her sides in greeting. It's weird to get in the back seat. If it were just Sam and Cas, Dean would have asked to drive, but he knows a lost cause when he sees one. Older Dean shoots him a look in the rearview mirror that is almost a challenge. Dean gives him his most winning smile, knowing older Dean will recognize it for the false charm that it is.
Dean would take death at this point.
Cas rests his head in the crook of Dean’s neck for a moment as they hold onto each other, reassuring warmth and pressure building between them. When Dean finally lets go, it’s to take Cas’ face in his hand and kiss him.
"I understand," Cas said, thinking that for once, he did.
Hank blinks, then laughs a little, shaking his head. “Dean,” he says, with the smallest of smiles. “I used to do this in a warzone. I’m not overly concerned about the dangers of having you as a client. But thank you for warning me.” He shakes his head again.
This is all borrowed time.
"Just clearing my head. Wasn't urgent, was it?"
Dean shivered, the way he always did when Cas put his hand there, the electric energy that always thrummed between them manifesting in heat against Cas’ palm and the mark.
It ended up not mattering that that was more or less what he did finally say, because the whole thing was a little awkward. Dean kept laughing and then reassuring Cas that it was out of nerves, and Cas kept asking "is this okay?" and they both kept banging their heads and elbows into different parts of the car, until finally they'd figured things out. It turned out the gentle awkwardness, the laughter as Cas knocked his head against the roof of the Impala, grinning foolishly at each other in the dim light, it was all a part of it.
The sun is bright and the air is so humid Dean can taste it. It’s been awhile since he was in Florida, and the last time was dealing with some bog creature down in Okeechobee, which was a decidedly different kind of Florida than the Miami coast. Instead of everglades and Republicans, Miami offers unending warm waves and beaches of hot white sand crowded with hot gay people.
Dean leaned his elbows against the steering wheel and rested his head in his hands. He thought he might cry, but the tears never came. The thing was, he hadn’t
Dean's brain asks stubbornly, his inner voice insistent and uninhibited by the top-volume Metallica or reckless driving.
And then there is the every day of Cas himself. A part of Dean is just waiting for him to disappear again one day, but it's a small part. Some of what held Dean back from sobering up for a while was that he knew he'd be miserable to be around while he dried out. That was still early on, all things considered, and Dean had been terrified that they'd fight - because it was him and Cas, they
They lapse into silence again, and when the tape runs out and Sam replaces it with Cas’
Chapter Content Warnings: mild internalized homophobia, alcohol use, reference to past emotional abuse/codependency, brief interpersonal conflict
"Okay, I'll think about it. Thanks, Sammy."
“I dunno, man. I’m - I’m forty-two, you know? I’ve seen shit you wouldn’t believe, and I’ve dealt with it, I’m dealing with it. I’ve handled it this long, so what’s the point? I don’t see how me spilling my guts to you is gonna make any difference.”
Watching Cas with Jude, in all his awkward tenderness, is enough to make Dean fall in love with the idiot all over again.
And Dean had felt like the fucking sun was shining on his face.
"What?" Dean asks, feeling uneasy.
as a soundtrack.
"Cas, I… I don't…"
. It had almost, almost, given Dean the smallest flicker of hope, too. It was a sound of defiance. It was a resistance to the constant torture, the unending torment. It was a reminder that the person singing had once been alive and human - this, this was their humanity.
Jesus. These two. Seriously, they are the worst, and they are so weird.
"I don't need you to hold my hand," Dean snaps. "I'm fine."
Sam had grabbed the witch while Dean staggered, and she'd laughed hysterically as she shouted at Dean that he'd die too, that he was cursed, cursed to the very soul. And then she had thrown herself onto Sam's knife, making that choice for them, hari-kari-ing herself into Sam's arms.
Sam almost says "which one?" but he knows. "That… was a long time ago now." It comes out quiet. "I mean, what we did back then, it's, um…" Sam doesn't quite know how to get at what he means, what he wants to explain to this Dean who wasn't there, who didn't go through it with him.
Dean groaned and turned his face into Cas’ shirt, hot breath pushing through the fabric so that Cas could feel it on his skin. “Absolutely not. I’ve had enough of the bible to last me a lifetime and more, thanks.”
“Okay. Tell me anyway.”
there.
He might as well have swallowed the sea, the way his breath breaks with it, the way his chest heaves over voiceless sobs.
Fourteen-year-old Dean really does a number on now-Dean. He doesn't have any pictures from around this time - why would he? - and he forgot that he looked like
Castiel is a being made of light, but he's this, too. This is just the human manifestation of his soul.
Torture in Hell wasn’t like torture on earth. It was part of what made it so easy to lose your humanity - the pain was already inhuman. Mortal pain held some promise of end, some intrinsic assurance that there was only so much the mind and body could endure before unconsciousness or death took over. But in Hell, there was no limit. The amount of pain was incomprehensible to the living.
Cas had run his hands over Dean's shoulders, down the sides of his body to his hips, tugging him closer, thumbs brushing over his hip bones.
. And then sometimes he's not there at all, out of body, dissociated out to another dimension that transcends flesh. For a long time, he refused to let it be that complicated. Hooking up was part of being "a man," and it was something he was good at. And when he was there, he liked it, of course he did, it was just… his body isn't his.
Sam doesn't take the hint, or he ignores it.
“Do you think that you are?”
“When I was in Iraq,” Hank starts after what feels like several minutes of choked silence between them. “I used to have guys coming to me who were still in a combat zone, you know. It took me a long time after returning from my tour to understand that the way I treated active-duty soldiers was completely different to the way I treat veterans now. And I see a lot of vets these days, too, the ones who don’t end up funneled through the VA in Fort Collins. The point is, I had to find a way to switch between serving soldiers deep in survival mode to serving veterans coming to terms with the things they had done and seen in their own service.
