“She’s half Siamese you know.” A smoky voice whispered far too close to Tony’s ear and he jumped. The woman who’d been watching him had gotten up from her table and was leaning toward him with one hip propped against the piano, a smug smile stretching her wrinkled mouth.
“Now if I were a different sorta man, I’d knock you back for implying that we’d ever let a man like that escape in the first place,” Bucky growled just to see the man’s face drain of color. “But if there was truth to it, and I’m not saying there is, but if there was…? Well a man like that is dangerous and needs to be caught. The state would pay a pretty penny for any help in that regard, and if you heard anything that might help me find what they lost, I’d be in your debt. Understand?”
"God have mercy," Bruce gaped in awe, slowly rising behind Tony and staring at the sight with a dropped jaw. “What did you throw at them, a grenade?"
“I’m going to be sick!” Steve cut him off, with a shout as he staggered for the door, no longer caring how it looked or who it alarmed.
Tony watched in the rearview as Clint hoisted himself up over the side and into the back, mouth spreading into a mischievous smirk when he caught Tony’s eye through the back window.
“A tad,” Tony allowed. “But since Ian has started running with weights she makes an excellent stand in for a sandbag.”
Pushing away from the door the captain straightened up, and he should have looked ridiculous, looming over Tony with his pants around his thighs, but somehow, he only managed to look beautiful to Tony. He shivered when Stefen grasped his face by both hands, eyes staring deeply into his as he spoke slowly and firmly.
“No!” Sara cried from the throng of increasingly helpful voices, tugging once again upon Tony’s pant leg. “Don’t listen to them Herr Stark!”
"What should we do if they don't find us?" James heard Péter whisper quietly to Natacha, and James bit his lip to keep from snapping at him that he should have thought of that before they ran away from the police and became traitors.
Tree bark would give them essential vitamins, Tony mused, setting the glass jar of sauerkraut back on the shelf. Artur wasn’t going to be happy, but all of the children would have to start drinking a few cups each morning. As for the rest, it was getting warmer each day now that spring was on the doorstep. Soon the snows would start to melt, and they could forage for other things and set up traps for small game.
They’d made it, Tony realized as the abbey came into view. He slowly sat up, body numb with cold and still stiff and sluggish.
Stefen worked his jaw, hand’s clenched tightly and she thought for a panicked moment that he was going to deny the general or wildly enough, hit him. But then Charlotte saw Stark lean close out of the corner of her eye and gently touch his elbow as he murmured something lowly into his ear. And perhaps only because she was looking for it, she saw the way some of the tension in his body eased from him and the desperate way he held the monk’s gaze before he slowly nodded.
“I’m afraid so.” Stark answered and Charlotte had never heard the man so reluctant to speak. “My father.”
“Don’t! Stefen damn you.” Tony faltered with a huff as the captain ignored him, picking up the receiver to announce that Captain Rogers was on the line. Tony wanted to throw something at him.
“Do you think it would help to sing about our favorite things?” She asked and Stefen looked to Tony with confusion.
“Now!” he shouted, continuing to ignore the flustered soldier as he circled around the left of the car, eyes trained on the rear doors as Scott and Jons popped up from the back of the truck and opened fire behind him. Through the rear windows Bucky could see there was still one left in there with Stark. It looked like the guy had tried to pull his gun, but Stark was wrestling him for it. Bucky let out an annoyed huff of breath but didn’t move, watching and waiting for their bodies to shift just the right way and offer him a clean shot.
It was an insane thing to dare, but what was fear in the face of what they’d taken from him already? What was torture if Stefen were killed and the children lost? It was a bold-faced lie. Tony wasn’t strong. It was just that he wouldn’t have a single thing worth living for if he lost the children as well as Stefen. There would be nothing left of him. Certainly nothing so heroic as bravery. Just the need for vengeance. God help them if they were stupid enough to put a tool in his hands.
Steve clenched his hands at the unwelcome news. The DELASEM knew good and well where Antony Carboni was residing within the city. How this fellow had connected that name with Antony Stark was as much a mystery as who that man was and what his intentions were in the first place. But there was no time to think on it, as they swung from one blow to the next.
Tony had given them free time that afternoon (again) and hadn’t been seen for hours and Ian was worried. Their tutor still had meals with them usually, but he didn’t eat much when they sat down and it was beginning to show. When Ian had heard Julia complaining that she looked stressed as an old blouse and thanking god for the espresso machine father had bought, he’d thought about how thin and tired Tony was starting to look and had gotten the idea to make him another lunch (since he’d barely touched the earlier one) and enticing him with espresso. Tony loved espresso and he especially loved it with chocolate.
His little green book opened easily, the pages worn to a soft almost velvety texture. He traced a finger over the letters,
“Your uncle Bucky is just lucky the universe is so big else he’d run out of flattery.” Tony couldn’t help but laugh, hastily aborting a swallow of his spritzer. Even Bakhuizen threw back his head and laughed like this was the funniest thing he’d heard in a long time but Tony noticed that Natacha’s expression remained quite thoughtful.
Tony was sitting alone in his room when a hesitant knock on the door pulled his attention away from the small leather bound book open upon his lap.
“They need clothes. That is -” Steve cleared his throat and tried again. “They have clothing of course. They need new ones.”
“Who is Billy Beutlin?” Tony asked for clarification and surprisingly it was Coulson who answered him.
He turned to glance behind them at the boys who had held Péter's attention. They were handsome youths. The pair clearly at work a sharp contrast with their classmates who were sporting neatly slicked hair to match their sharp uniforms. The bold swastika insignia on their shirts struck Tony as at odds with the sight of their wildly grinning mouths as they jostled each other, knocking shoulders, goading each other as the two boys who worked at the market put out their cigarettes and went back to work; strong, spindly arms grabbing aprons and calling out goodbyes to their peers in uniform.
Tony took a slow breath, not sure what the feeling constricting his chest was. He nodded in response and Péter ducked into the bathroom, shutting the door with a snap, as eager to escape the awkward situation as he was. Well, Tony thought to himself as he set about making the bed, all thoughts of finishing his letter to Farkas banished until morning. His first night down and it could have been worse. Péter could have slipped and splattered on the ground below. That would have been a rather unfortunate end to this misadventure. Instead he’d hopefully wrangled some of the boy’s trust and their future dealings would be easier.
“But living like that makes other people nervous. People call them thieves because they take what doesn’t belong to them, and maybe they have a point, but maybe the Rom way isn’t bad either. But rom don’t make the rules so nobody cries when they get killed or thrown in prison. Nobody protests when kings say that they can’t live on their land or work for a living unless they are slaves.
Now that he was sure Stark was fine, his focus was already on the next step. Getting the children now was all that mattered, and it had to come first. It was winding him tighter than a clock, not taking his team and storming the place where Steve was being kept. But saving Steve’s body was useless without saving his life first. That was the kids, and yeah, as much as it burned to accept it, it was Stark too.
Tony carefully slid the sketches back inside the portfolio and replaced them inside the chest, removing the hair pin and shutting the drawer until it locked. The copy of the magazine that Frauline McCabe had sent him had arrived a few days ago.
Kurt nodded without any real indication he'd heard and bustled stiffly off. Steve tried to suppress a grin.
Morning came too slowly for Steve. The anxious fear of being found out at any moment by the French authorities, combined with the discomfort of being crammed into a small space with so many other bodies, practically sleeping on top of one another, ensured that he didn’t sleep at all that night. It reminded him too closely of the barracks at the camp. If he allowed his mind to relax even the slightest, he would lose track of where he was and the panic would begin again.
For a long moment it was silent in the hall, no response coming from within. Steve breathed deeply in and out, methodically focusing on each breath refusing to think on the possibility of that door not opening.
James thought it looked terrible, and said so, but everyone ignored him. Everyone always ignored him, even when he was right. He refused to finish his slice, even though it actually tasted better than it looked. Dense, and nutty with the first hint of sweetness they’d had in a month, it was a welcome break from smoked meat and canned vegetables, but James was mad at them all so he refused it anyway.
“Tacha it wasn’t his fault!” Péter insisted, tired of beating around the bush. “That shouldn’t have happened. Something went wrong. Harry never mentioned- no one mentioned... what did that old man do?”
“Tony?” Artur mewled, lifting one hand to reach for Stark as he stepped closer, and at the gesture the tension melted off the man’s face as he gripped Artur’s letting hand and rubbed it tenderly.
but now he’d die. She grinded her teeth, savagely holding her breath in so that not a sound escaped.
"No, please I -" Tony, still catching his breath from that rather vicious kick he'd received and trying to understand what was going on, reached plaintively for the pair and halted when they flinched away from his hand. They were so terrified he felt cruel just looking at them. In the harsh shadows of the candle glow they looked ghastly thin, like a pair of ghouls with the whites of their eyes swallowing their faces.
"Captain, it has come to my attention that one of your neighbors, a Herr Boesch was placed under arrest last night."
Charlotte heard the doorbell, but she didn't pay it much mind. She'd instructed Milthede that she wasn't to be disturbed. Her sole wish was to concentrate on her packing. There wasn't time to warn her aunt and uncle of her immanent arrival.  Stefen’s arrest had come far faster than even she had expected, and she couldn't count on her father's name to protect her from the inquisition. They’d come looking for her testimony eventually. She'd lied for Stefen too often, lived in his house and to all public appearances shared his bed. Of course, she had secrets to share with them and they’d want to pry them out of her.
Péter froze, eyes wide at the strong language coming from his tutor (not to mention a monk) and Tony hastened to amend. “What I mean to say is, not everyone has the benefit of being believed in. Not something I’d rely on personally. If you believe in you that’s all that matters.”
Tired of war? Life was war, Bucky ought to know that by now. Yes, Steve was tired (so tired he could barely think sometimes) but he was not yet so tired that he could turn his back on life.
Stefen frowned, no doubt wondering who he thought he could help by going on this mission to Dachau. “Who-? Tony, if you are worried about your grandparents, you know I can-” But Tony cut him off again before Stefen could continue to shake his resolve, his courage. He had to get it out before he lost his nerve. If he didn't tell Stefen now he never would, and he needed to.
“I’ll love it either way, but I do hope it’s something scandalous. I’ve always wanted a string of pearls. They look marvelous with my coloring,” Tony teased, delighted when Stefen’s eyes widened with a fever brightness.
“Why should I?” Natacha picked at some lint on her skirt, likely real given how many loose threads tended to collect in a seamstress’ workroom. “It’s the truth. If that is too harsh for her, she isn’t going to make it.”
So what the hell had sent him dashing into the water like that when he clearly knew as much about swimming as a finless guppy?
As if they were just waiting for someone to point it out Steve’s knees started to buckle. He tilted sideways and slumped against the side of the truck, holding himself up with gritted teeth. His eyes never left Dvorak or the rifle aimed at him.
“As a visible sign of gratitude of the German nation to children-rich mothers, I establish this Cross of Honor of the German Mother, to be awarded to genetically fit, politically reliable, and socially worthy German mothers.” -Adolf Hitler, December 1938
“I wanted to apologize for my behavior yesterday. It was beastly and an adult ought to know better, shouldn’t he?”
“I will get those off you if you promise not to scare Patroche. He can’t take much agitation.” The woman repeated, leaning toward him.
“Did you give everyone else a drink?” He settled for, taking the cool glass his sister offered and leaning back against his headboard.
There were more shouts above him about dosage levels and the dangers of letting students sit in on delicate work. Steve couldn't make sense of it. He curled in on himself. Hollowness seeping up from his stomach and spreading to his heart.
"Hmm." Tony hummed, deciding not to lie to her. "He just might. But I promise you won't have to eat any if you don't want to."
"You didn't misread anything and you know it." Tony reprimanded. That was the whole damn problem. Pinching the bridge of his nose to stave off the throbbing pressure between his eyes Tony muttered darkly to himself, "What the hell am I doing?"
If this woman was supposed to be flying under the radar, she was doing a terrible job of it. Tony had never met a fashionable woman who walked so straight backed or so commandingly, as if they were in boots, nor sat with such an air of annoyance about her skirts as she settled herself unceremoniously in the pew beside Stefen, ignoring the tense suspicion he regarded her with.
He didn't know what he thought would be on that poster, only that his chest had clenched with dread, and he'd been desperate to know what they wanted with the Gypsies, and by the time he'd figured out that the poster was just a warning against two specific ones he had a whole other reason for standing there, gaping at it.
“This is for anyone you feel might need it,” he instructed with a meaningful look. She looked puzzled for a moment as she took it from him, her mind working quickly behind her eyes before it seemed to connect.
He really should have had a go at Stark for that one, but he figured a man forced to abstane most of his adult life deserved a long soak in Italy's best. Besides he owed Stark, he could admit that, after everything. Having Stark around had come in handy.
Tony watched the officer move about carefully, moving as slowly toward the table in the corner as he could without drawing attention to the fact.
“This is getting bigger then either one of us,” Sam was insisting and Steve stepped closer, putting a hand on Sam’s bag to keep him from moving away.
It was about a sailor with a dead bird tied around his neck as punishment. No matter what he did he couldn’t get away from the bird. And it was a big, big bird. Tony said it was a metaphor.
Steve left Grig standing there in the street. It took him roughly thirty minutes on foot to make it to his destination. The little stone house was dark, the shutters on the windows letting out only cracks of light from inside. The lamp on the front door was left unlit, leaving the garden shrouded in darkness.
He jerked away but she kept coming, hands snatching at him, grasping everywhere. Why wouldn’t they stop? All night, unwanted hands gripping him possessively, touching and claiming what they had no right to. He pushed her back, rougher than he meant to – he heard the children gasp as Charlotte stumbled with a cry – but she kept her balance. Shock slammed into him at his own actions, the room suddenly ceasing its spinning and coming back with horribly sharp clarity.
The cafe crowd was mostly made up of artists, musicians, free thinkers. Most of them young people, university students who didn't know any better or care if they were seen in the leopoldstadt district, crowded as it was with Jews. The owners weren’t Jewish or gypsy to Steve's knowledge but it didn't really matter when the Reich was cracking down on places like this. Where passion and free thoughts were free to flow rebellion often sprung.
“It's fine, Tony can fix it, can't you Tony?” James was saying and a flare of rage surged through Ian. He wrench himself free of James hands with a snarl.
“She didn’t mean any harm Harry.” The girl insisted, but she didn’t sound very sure of what she was saying, and Harry scoffed loudly in reply.
“Now you” he called down, just as Steve was considering the small space and what his options truly were.
"Richter and Leshnerr are in the medical wing. Deurr should be feeling the effects of his unfortunate food poisoning by now.” Wolfe murmured out of the side of his mouth when Tony had caught up to them.  “As soon as he arrives you need to go. You can’t waste time."
The woman didn’t respond to the attempt at humor. She stared at him for a moment longer before slowly pulling off her gloves, never taking her eyes off his.
“Get to bed,” he ordered them quietly but sternly and there was a small chorus of ‘yes father’ as the children hurried to obey. Péter paused to take Sara, fussing with his wriggling sister who slapped her hands against Péter’s wet hair in protest to the end of all their fun.
He was jostled by the crowd of people running and waving as the train picked up speed carrying away their loved ones.
Pepper bit the corner of her lip and nodded silently in understanding but the mood in the room remained dark. They knew that the police would be back. Perhaps not that night, but surely some other. It was all only a matter of time.
“Father wouldn't like the way Herr Stark behaved this afternoon...” she drifted off, uncertainty in her voice. “I wish he were home. Then none of that would have happened.”
, were to be pitied for their ability to grasp their own inferiority.  There was a constant fear gnawing at him, that someone would discover that he and his children were Rom – that he was no different from the poor children they’d ripped away from their parents for the crime of race mixing. It made him sick to take such relief in meaningless things like the fact that most of his children had inherited fair hair and light eyes, but by god if it meant somewhere down the line someone was more merciful or stayed their hand, then he’d be thankful.
“Pepper, my girl, I insist you call me Tony. This Stark business is- ” Tony began but Pepper cut right over him.
His arms tightened around Maria as he turned to face Captain Khalmmer. The man’s easy grin was back, and Steve took note of his position. Whether Khalmmer meant to or not he was clearly obscuring the two of them from the questioning gazes of the group he’d left behind. The question was why.
“I think I understand now.” Tony said softly and he leaned up pressing a dry chaste kiss to his lips. Steve held on tight.
If a body ever did come back they’d have it burned, Steve thought with adamancy. A Rom should not lay in the ground but have his body set to the wind and Péter was Rom. He never should have kept his heritage away from him.
Bucky stared out the window. The hand not gripping the end of his smoke, rested on his knees, clenching open and closed and Steve watched it, wondering what was so out of reach that Bucky wanted to grasp.
"We’ll have our tags." Natacha whispered back. "They have our real names, which means that we must be on a list somewhere. And it's as good as a visa. I say we get off at Worgl Bahnof and we wait, but if Tony and Bucky don't come... We should find the next Kindertransport and tell them we got lost."
“Winter! Winter they’re getting away.” He heard someone shout, brow furrowing deeply as he realized it was a woman’s voice. Rogue. Damn. The stupid girl was supposed to set up the cable and get clear! But there she was not feet away, her pretty hide pressed up against a tree pointing behind them. He risked sticking his head out and looking behind long enough to catch sight of the truck peeling off, tires kicking up snow and dirt as it careened through the trees.
“Don’t you remember any?” Maria asked sadly, her dark hair poking out from the sleeping bag she shared with Artur. It was quiet for a long moment.
He crossed his arms, his gaze not quite meeting Steve's, surly and defensive. Steve could take a guess or two what his own face must look like, and Péter clearly remembered what had happened the last time he was so defiant but he dared to press on anyway.
Somebody had hit him with a pipe?! Steve thought with a jolt, his mind flashed to the pipe Tony had swung at his head when he’d broken through the door.
When he pounded on the door there was no immediate answer. He knocked again, only pausing when he heard the shuffling sound of footsteps behind the door and the grating of metal as the mail slot was pushed open.
Just like that, Tony thought, hope had died. How awful that must have been. He could well imagine how Stefen must have felt. How close he might have come to taking the future in his own hands and doing what he must know needed to be done.
"Everyone knows Maria is the one with the best voice." Natacha grouched, but her cheeks were pink as Bucky joined in on the nagging. She eventually gave in with a huff and launched into an old Christmas song that Steve immediately recognized.
Tony took a shuddering breath and Steve marveled at how it pulsed under his fingertips, Tony's pulse pounding thickly away where Steve’s ring finger rested on his pulse. Tony looked up at him through thick soot colored lashes, something far too heavy for what Steve felt was such a hopeful moment swimming in his eyes.
“It’s alright I’d like to meet – ” Dr. Fischer began but was interrupted by Baroness Schrader descending the stairs at a rapid pace, her face pale and strained.
“If there's work to be done, I know you’ll do what you must.” Steve belatedly responded, drawing Péter and Ian’s gazes away from their game. With their attention, he nodded towards James and continued, “You'll have to help him. I’ll do everything I can to come back. Understand? But you’re all he has until then."
“Would you listen to that?” Hammer scoffed, eyes on the ceiling. “The Captain never would have stood for that before.”
“Ah, now you were always an intelligent child. So curious. They are treating you well? What family is this? Good family I hope!”
He had to stop this, he reasoned with himself. He was still recovering and hurting himself on top of things would be foolish.
Without further prompting Bucky brought his violin into position and drew out the first few rousing bars of a song the Uncles used to play watching as Péter herded his younger siblings into a semi-circle leaving him and Natacha in the middle.
“Then why did you help me?” Tony snapped. The girl fell abruptly silent. What she didn’t do was move. She was trembling from head to toe and still planting herself in front of him like the mountain that wouldn’t be moved.
Why had he not seen it? The full mouth scrunched together in worry, jaw tight and watchful eyes assessing him. It was like a puzzle finally locking in place. Standing before him like David set before Goliath, she was unmistakably a Rogers.
Tony and the children could go west to the coast, to Tony’s home, where they wouldn’t just be able to survive but thrive and Tony could get what he needed to give them a real future.
Once the thought had crossed his mind he couldn't stop the small bubble of laughter. He’d have to tell Tony about it in his next letter.
Tony arrived at the hotel early, despite one of his pupils taking an unfortunate tumble down the shop steps –  he’d felt obligated to get the boy bandaged and in the hands of his parents before being on his way – but even so, when the hour ended and children began exiting the side entrance of the hotel, he did not see Natacha, though he looked and looked.
In answer to Natacha Tony raised a questioning brow and asked, “Is that how he describes it? I have to wonder when he comes home looking as if he’s had the snot beat out of him.”
Before he really knew what he was about he was digging in his pocket for the little toy he’d made – just a little figurine he’d made in class out of melted iron and tin that he’d been saving for Artur – and walking toward her. The girl looked up as he approached, wary but curious. Her parents were so busy arguing with the other adults in the line, trying to figure out what they should do next, that it wasn’t until Péter was standing right in front of her that the girl’s mother noticed him and pulled her daughter close to her side.
Striker had once more brought up the unfortunate circumstances regarding the children’s health and made thinly veiled threats, only this time not so thin.
“I only counted three. Where did the others run off to?” he asked innocently, even though he knew the pair had not the slightest clue. Charlotte blinked, clearly taken back by the question and Tony had a vicious moment of satisfaction before Stefen answered him with a snap of worry.
Grig did not speak for a long time. He and Tony sat in silence, thinking their own thoughts, the only sounds those of the distant waves and Stefen’s panted grunts for breath.
“There’s a height requirement for explorers. That’s why I have to eat more vegetables.” Artur explained to his brothers with another small sigh. But there was still a pep in his step as he dashed to his bedside in order to grab the heavy tomb he always kept near since it had been gifted to him.
Years of being taught how to lead, the importance of taking care of the familia and making sure they survived, all amounted to nothing. They were all dead, and Stevie was on a fast train going. This was the worst he’d ever felt. Worse than the mountains and the freezing cold. Worse than his fingers locked with numbness around the cold barrel of a rifle. Worse than an empty belly.
There was some shuffling and then Artur was being lifted in his father’s arms and then with a flex of muscle and a push the boy was airborne, momentarily appearing weightless in the sky before gravity kicked in and he plumped back into strong arms and the soft cradle of water. He looked elated with the experience, like he’d just achieved space flight.
Tony noticed with horror tightening his stomach, that some of them bore the unmistakable signs of torture. Bruises, poorly healed gashes and the like. Scars built upon scars.
He stood stiffly, appearing not to notice his children’s crestfallen faces, his eyes catching Tony’s momentarily as they often did. Tony stared right back, not bothering to hide his frustration.
Bucky couldn’t be here with him in the synagogue, chewing on toast. And yet his eyebrows cocked up at Steve in challenge, the grin splitting his mouth irreverent as if to say Steve was too crazy to know whether he was crazy or not, and they both knew it. It made a small smile tug at Steve’s mouth. Bucky was usually right about these things.
It was early yet, but he knew they were scheduled to make another distribution that night and on distribution nights there was a lot they needed to do to get ready.
“We all understand the need for a firm hand, but we have the public to think of, don’t we.” Striker griped in reply, crossing his legs. He had lit up a cigar and taken a seat on the sofa next to Khalmmer. For such a thick man he somehow managed to look delicate if not somewhat fussy. His mannered movements reminded Steve of the cats they’d kept in the caravan, delicately licking the inside of a sparrow.
They were so loud in his ears, that they nearly drowned out the frightened scream coming from the children.
Uncle Bucky’s jacket wasn't as smooth as it normally was and Ian knew that meant he’d taken his money out of the bank and hidden it in the lining of his jacket. Uncle Bucky had shown him that trick when he was seven and warned him never to trust somebody else with his fortune.
“But since you designed these armaments, you can help us find a way to defeat them, can’t you?” Pike demanded to know, his voice betraying his fury. Holmes was better at hiding it than Pike, but Tony knew he was just as shaken and waiting just as desperately on Tony’s answer.
Virginia nodded and got back to her work. Stefen exited the dining room through the service door and walked down the long narrow hall to the kitchen.  He was not surprised to find the kitchen busy, but he raised his eyebrows in question when he saw that Natacha and Ian were both up, sitting at the table with cups of warm coco.
The Corporal slowed and saluted, then called out over the noise, “Major. General Schmidt requests your presence, Sir."
“She couldn’t possibly have lingered, what with everything going on, but she’s heartbroken. You must know she didn’t just come for me.” Charlotte raised her eyes, their soft blue holding his. “She had hoped to see the children.”
It was just as well. James was scuttling towards them excitedly. They’d caught sight of the carpenter’s shop.
Steve thought Tony almost looked deranged, his fingers curled beside his head as he ranted and heaved a frustrated breath, his eyes burning into Steve’s with anguish now. Like the words were being ripped right out of his chest. As if he was not a lying bastard!
Tony’s brow arched in surprise. He’d been distracted with the children most of the day but he’d not observed Pepper airing out any of the spare rooms and it was a big job for a single person alone.
Tony took a deep shuddering breath, ignoring Natacha’s hateful glare and pulled his arm firmly but gently from Ian’s slack grasp.
"Sanctuary! I have child with me, damn it! Sanctuary." Tony insisted, rattling the rusting bars in the center of the door and the monk gave him a sour look. “You have to let us in!”
"Just...they're people, start with that first." He said slowly. "Like you’re talking to Peter or Tacha. Or one of your friends, you can talk to them can't you?"
It was all for them. The photographer – who would no doubt have images of Rogers’ wretchedness splashed all over the morning press – the grim parade of soldiers and their armory. It was all to send a message of the might of the Reich, of the inevitability of their world domination. No one would stop them. Not even the man with the heart of a lion.
Péter had been in the patrol, but Ian was glad that Péter was not there now. He'd have stood out, just as Maria was standing out in the crowd. Not for the first time that evening Ian's eyes went to where she was standing at the end of their family row, hand in hand with Artur. Her eyes were big, taking in the spectacle. Father had kept them close all evening and all of Ian's siblings seemed relieved about that whether they'd admit it out loud or not. She didn't seem to notice the way people watched them. The way their eyes stuck on her like she was an animal in a cage at the zoo.
August had continued its merry way, the cold wind from the mountains occasionally sweeping through in the onset of fall. The captain continued to devote his time to official matters and matters more secretive, but also to their continued delight continued to make time for small outings and moments of leisure with the Children.
Tony pulled the cord on the light, plunging the room back into darkness before Steve could even gesture for him to do so, fear flooding through his veins as the sounds from downstairs got louder. The voices were loud, harsh in the otherwise silent night and the steps were urgent. He couldn't tell how many were coming but they were progressing toward the stairs. Tony fumbled his way in the dark until he stood beside Stefen at the window, peering out through the part his hand made in the curtain.
Steve glanced at her warily. They’d been friends long enough for him to know what she looked like when she was plotting. Peggy used to get a similar look just before she found some way to make trouble.
"Oh, wait major I -" Nigel stopped short, blinking rather dazedly up at him. Thankfully at that moment Artur did decide to call Steve from across the lawn.
Tony wasn’t going to let it rest. When did Tony Stark ever? Steve could feel the smile forming on his face. “- but Péter deserves everything they can offer him, and more importantly he deserves to be safe.”
Tony’s hips bucked beneath his again and his cock pressed against Steve’s. When Tony wriggled his hand between their bodies and took them both in hand, he saw spots and his chest constricted so tightly he couldn’t breathe.
Two days was not enough time. He’d thought it would be enough, that he could be content with whatever the future would bring so long as he could touch him just once, but that brief taste had just left him aching for more. He didn’t even mean the sex, Steve would trade it for just more of Tony. He’d be happy just to sit and listen to his endless chatter or watch him tinker on some machine if it meant just a little more time. God, he wanted more time.
He didn't have to be looking at Natacha (or Péter for that matter) to know that they were wearing identical looks of incredulity.
All medicine was a form of poison in one way or another. In very careful doses belladonna could be used to subdue bronchial spasms and numb pain in the body.
Tony nodded grimly in agreement, gritting his teeth. Czechoslovakia was already lost. Next undoubtedly would be Poland, and maybe that would be the final spark that lit the war. It was coming either way. Maybe in months, maybe in weeks. Maybe in hours.
It was because eyes were the window of the soul and his mother used to tell him it was bad luck to look at dirty things. Natacha’s Baka used to tell stories like that too. She'd warned Natacha never to stare directly into the eyes of a cat, and that if she made a mistake and did, to eat a handful of berries to make herself clean again.
Teeth gritted, a barely repressed snarl twisting his mouth, he knelt to the ground, balancing his weight on his heels as he crouched to pick up a small shard of glass from the surrounding particles. He held it in his hand, and thought deeply, plans running through his mind like quicksilver.
Of course, that was all gone now, swallowed by the Reich. Now they had to outwit their enemy and play the long game of survival. One day the Reich would fall away, the way these regimes always did, and when they did, there would be good people ready to rebuild – to learn from the mistakes of the past.
His expression must have given away the bent of his thoughts because Farkas frowned disapprovingly as if he’d heard them.
If Tony had stopped over the last few days to consider what he was undertaking cycling into town with seven children he might have reconsidered, but hindsight was twenty twenty. The children were lined in a row, the bicycles that Tony had fixed up for them gleaming in the sunlight with new life. By some miracle he’d managed to get each of them into the play clothes he’d painstakingly stitched for them, though Natacha had been anything but happy about it. After all it wasn’t the smart blue skirt and crisp white blouse he’d caught Pepper helping size that morning.
In the army, a team only worked if everyone worked together and pulled their own weight; but Tony wasn’t ready to let them take risks even if those risks were in the best interest of their entire unit.
“That’s the entire reason I joined the army.” he said slowly, as if sensing Tony’s desire to flee. “And they don’t tell you, but you learn pretty quickly, that the guy at the other end of the barrel isn’t any different from you. He’s got a family somewhere, a home he thinks he’s protecting somehow. You try not to think about it, or it’ll drive you crazy, make you slow, and you can’t be slow or you’re never going to make it home… but you see it on their faces, when they’re bleeding out under your feet and you’re grateful you pulled the trigger first.”
"I don't recall ordering a meal." Tony pointed out firmly. He hated to sound like a broken record, but it wasn’t Ian’s job to take care of him and it was vastly unfair of his father to have placed that burden on his young shoulders when he had so much else to worry about. But getting Ian to abandon his mission was about as difficult as reasoning with a mule.
"This is what Stark has always wanted you to do Stevie. You can’t say he hid it from ya,” Bucky said from where he leaned up against the wall watching Steve.
May. He swore it again internally. The couple wouldn’t be back until the warm season and it would have just barely begun in May. He could give it to the end of the month. In the meanwhile, they’d have to make some adjustments. Anticipate. They couldn’t be caught off guard like that again and they would have to be prepared to leave at a moment's notice if necessary. Adapt.
“Do you think they’ll forgive me someday, Tony and the children?” he muttered the question darkly into his drink and Bucky looked up from lighting a cigarette to give him a sour look, abandoning pretense. Steve wished he wouldn’t smoke. He’d always had something of a sensitive nose and the smell of the things clung to everything.
She didn't say anything, just watched him approach with the same detached expression most children of the Wehrmacht saved for men in uniform. It was surprising in a servant and civilian. Dvorak was used to the uniform's ability to intimidate.
“Da?” Steve didn’t know how long he lay there counting his own breaths until James squeaked from where he rested beside Natacha. Steve was glad to see his pale face had regained some color to it. “I don’t want to go on a boat ever again.”
"The club means danger. This is a town better avoided. They will send their police to round you up, and they will ship you to the mines where you will be forced to work until you die. The cup means there is water, the loaf means food, and the sun means much money have I made here. It is a town rich in recourses and foolish gadje. The arrow tells you which direction to go." She explained as she took him through the motions of each symbol. When she was done she released his hand and Péter raised it to his face, staring at the blackened pad of his forefinger as if there were some magic there.
Brown, wet with tears, and wide as saucers in her dirt streaked face: and suddenly he was back in that wood, peering through the leaves as he watched those police men beat Yinsen into the dirt, the white of his eyes going pink with blood as they struck him over and over again.
What little space was left between them was slowly being eaten up as Tony leaned into him, his warm hands smoothed over Steve’s wrist. Steve's pulse jumped under the caress, shockingly more intimate then any kiss they’d shared. He brushed his lips over Tony's mouth in a question, Tony’s warm breath tickling his skin as they breathed in time. The question hung suspended between them and Steve waited, stuck in place by Tony’s soft brown eyes as they searched his.
“Go on, show them how it’s done.” He prompted and the corner of her mouth pulled up into the smallest of smiles as she moved her body into position, spreading her arms out gracefully as a swan about to take flight.
Bucky's head whipped up, certain for a moment that he was going to see Rachol attempting to loom over him, standing with her arms crossed, bright brown eyes squinting at him with that particular mix of affection and irritation that only sisters could manage; but it was just Charlotte.
“Thank you.” He replied after a moment, clearing his throat from the lump that had gathered there. “Tonight, I’ll take you through what to do to ease his breathing. I’ll head out at first light tomorrow.”
It was hard for Steve to let Péter go off with them when he asked, every instinct he had telling him to snatch his son by the hand and lead him as far away from those cadets as possible. But he had no reason to refuse and knew it would only cause Péter embarrassment if he tried to tie him up with apron strings. Still he did not relax until Tony placed a hand on his back and nodded toward the other children who were quickly becoming in danger of getting lost in the crowd.
“Look at you ready to defend her honor. We’ll make a soldier out of you yet Péter. I still can’t believe your father finally let you out of the house.”
He could yell. But what would that help? Her father should know about this. But Stefen was in no mindset to be able to deal with this.
Charlotte noticed that although her voice stayed level the grip Natacha had on her napkin was white knuckled, and she tried to soften her answer.  “Yes, of course they're both coming back. In fact all this involves them as well.”
“It’s fine. I’ll take care of it.” He found himself defending, stepping closer to Ian who blinked up at him startled.
Steve clenched his teeth and pushed the fear unfurling in his veins down, listening to his heavy breaths in the stillness of the room.
"Indeed, I am Frauline Van Dynne." Tony stepped back to invite them inside and stared curiously between the woman and her two companions once they’d stepped into the front hall.
“The children are their leverage,” he continued, picking up speed as more of the pieces clicked together. “Yes, see how we can be merciful? See how just we are, to leave you with a living reminder of everything you lose when you defy us? They’ll want them visible for that reason. Not an institution or a prison, but a stage. It’s theater.”
Steve stared at her, mouth tightening grimly but said nothing. What was there to say to something like that? Women could be strange creatures at the best of times, and this one struck him as stranger than most; but Bucky thought she could be trusted and Steve trusted Bucky.
Nik, the bastard, didn’t even bother to disagree with him. He just nodded gravely and asked Tony why, knowing that, he seemed so determined to throw it away.
"But he's our tutor!" Artur insisted furiously, temper brightening his cheeks red. "He's supposed to be teaching me about bees and what about Maria's voice lessons? His aunt can't have him all the time, can she?"
Her eyes trailed over his face, admiring her skill with the makeup brush, to a piece of unanswered post resting innocently on the corner of the desk. She reached over and pushed it closer.
“I’m not playing hero,” he whispered and he was proud of the way his voice didn't betray him. Stefen’s gaze changed, eyes widening slightly in recognition of his own words. He opened his mouth, perhaps to offer some belated apology, another flimsy excuse, or worse still, repeat the accusation. Tony waved him silent, he didn't need to hear it, any of it. He was going to Dachau. Whether Stefen agreed to it or not. Whether Tony would have a home to come back to or not.
Stefen took Janneke’s hand when she offered it and stood there like a plank as the woman kissed his cheeks, chattering brightly to the group, but his eyes stayed fixed on Bucky who stood silently beside her staring right back. Tony could feel the back of his neck beginning to sweat. He reached for his glass, downing the rest of the liquor as he franticly tried to think up ways to salvage the situation if things went south.
“Shit Stevie, is that really how you want this to go down? They lose their mother and have to watch their father walk away from them and not come back? Fuck!” Bucky was so angry he couldn’t look at him anymore, reaching in the pocket of his pants for his cigarettes before remembering he was in his night ware and giving up.
"She can't," Ian tried to mitigate. "Tony’s not a slave. He will come back when his aunt is better."
It was quiet on the riverbank but not still as a lone woman hurried down the narrow streets under the amber lamplight. Though it was still summer, a cold wind was coming down from the mountains. The woman was bundled tightly in a light jacket, a scarf tied over her head for warmth and not coincidently, it obscured any identifying features from view of the man who was watching her progress from his second-floor window.
“You must think I’m stupid.” Tony scoffed in disgust. “The twins had needle tracks on their arms. Wanda would wake the house screaming, babbling unimaginable things. And the way Vonkov talked tonight, about engineering a new master race. It all leads to one thing, and none of it surprised you.”
. One day his mother had left him with Bucky’s mother when it was her turn to sell at market. Rachel had sat Steve down with Bucky and told Bucky to look out for him because Steve was small and sick and Bucky would not be happy if a 'little brother' were to die.
Tony would no doubt be angry with Steve when he found out the risk he’d taken going to the police, helping with a murder investigation, but Steve and his family were relying on the Carboni’s and their connections within the DELASEM to get out of the country. This had to be done. ‘I scratch your back and you scratch mine’, was the oldest unspoken contract of them all.
Ian clenched his jaw and opened his book again. He'd made a clear little space for himself in the midst of James mess. He sat the book on his legs and turned the page, scratching the bare bit of ankle that peeked out from under his folded legs, his jaw set, determined to wait Tony out.
“What have I told you about watching that mouth of yours huh? You know words can really hurt people.”
“Horrible morning for a drive.” Philips replied, his breath pluming out in front of him. “A body could freeze out here.”
Steve clenched his fists until his palms started to bleed. They were never going to have Tony. He and the children were safe. Steve had to believe it. Schmidt would never miss the opportunity to gloat in his face if it were any other way.
"But where are you going?" The baroness asked not for the first time. Natacha could tell that Charlotte was close to panic, even though she kept her volume low and her tone controlled. It was in the tight way she kept her shoulders, and the nervous clenching of her hands - as if she had to keep fighting the urge to grab Father as he whirled around the guest room, throwing pieces of his uniform around haphazardly as he traded them for travel clothes.
The mob resembled less of a mob here and more of a festival gone slightly out of hand. There were looters everywhere, happily going through their neighbor’s possessions. Gleefully graffitiing their empty homes with slurs and happy to Ignore Steve and his family as they slunk through their midst.
It was probably for the best that Tony didn’t drink anyway. Stanislov was dangerous, and Tony needed all his wits to handle him.
Strengthened, Steve looked out at the crowd once more and it was a marvel of its own, how they all seemed to decide at once to put their voices behind them, their voices carrying the words to every corner of the room. One last flare of light in the darkness.
“I’m sorry you felt like you had to do that.” Steve apologized for what he should have seen when it would have made a difference.
Those eyes were staring back at him again and Steve tried to swallow, but his dry throat just spasmed painfully.
The whole room was holding its breath along with Tony as they waited for the captains reply. The funny thing was, Tony already knew what had happened. It was written in every grim line of Stefen’s face. But there was still some part of Tony that insisted on holding onto hope until Stefen placed a hand on both boy’s shoulders and said the words aloud.
“We need to get back. The children –” Steve had already let go, the entirety of his focus shifting to getting down to the music room as quickly as possible. He had to go. Had to see. But Tony still held his hand and hadn’t budged forcing him to stop when their arms pulled tight.
The doctor didn’t seem quelled, and Tony tasted one moment of genuine terror as the man opened his mouth to start yelling, when suddenly the room exploded with sound – a horrendous boom of sound pressing on his eardrums as the floor trembled and lurched beneath their feet, all of the lights flickering and diming at once as outside the windows one side of the Administrative building exploded outward in a brilliant plume of fire and smoke, pelting debris against the medical building.
Tony went back to putting the rifle back together and Stefen regarded the piece of abandoned fruit, blinking at it as if it had just spoken to him.
Da looked over his shoulder at him. He was in uniform already. Ian swallowed, even in the low lighting he could see the sheen of sweat on his father’s skin, as if he’d gone for a run.
“It won’t be an exact fit, but Susann has a good eye for these things.” Stefen explained, gently pushing the box into Tony’s hands and Tony’s ever so helpful brain noted that it was just the right weight and size to fit a properly folded suit. He was still staring at the box dumbfounded, as if he had no idea how it had gotten into his hands, when Stefen said, “You may have to press out a few wrinkles from the journey home but Susann’s work is impeccable. It should suffice.”
“There is fighting in the Sudentenland Péter! You’ll all be shot and killed.” Natacha growled in reply as it went dark once more and Péter blinked the spots from his eyes.
“Tony,” Steve called at his disappearing back, wincing at the snap of irritation in his tone. He didn’t know what he was irritated
Leaning against the door with his arms awkwardly crossed he wished he could help, if only to have somewhere to begin, but Péter would balk at being tucked into bed at fourteen and Ian didn’t like to be babied any more than Steve had at eleven, or any age for that matter.
Clang after clang reverberated up his arms until they were sore and his head pounded with headache but he kept going, until something about the pounding caught his attention. It was different somehow, he paused, lowering his hammer as he realized the difference was that it was not in his head. Someone was knocking on the workshop door.
"Take care of them Tony.  Keep them safe. Promise me, please.” Stefen urged, and Tony could see it in his eyes. The goodbye. He couldn’t bring himself to swear it. Not the way that Stefen wanted to hear it. The words would have felt like too much of an echo of that horrible, awful, goodbye in his eyes, and Tony refused to say goodbye. Instead, Tony grabbed Stefen by his collar and yanked him into a desperate kiss. Stefen made a wounded noise and immediately grabbed him up, pulling Tony in tight to his chest and devouring his mouth like it was the last time he’d ever get to do it. Tony tried to ignore it, tried instead to memorize the way it felt and make the moment last just a little bit longer, a low desperate moan escaping him as the kiss deepened into something almost savage.
The rebels who resisted the rule of the Reich were moving around somehow and though security had tightened there were too many foreign ships that came in and out of port to spend time searching them all.
"He'll be back soon Chavo. Don't worry yourself about it." Bucky patted the boy's cheek before he looked up at Tony, the smile quickly bleeding out of his eyes, revealing his worry and exhaustion. "Where's Steve?"
Tony was not naïve enough to think that whoever had sent the transmission had any say in whether or not the British or anyone else would move to stop Hitler. But the men at the Castle had heard. They knew the truth about what Hitler was doing and that truth might make it to the right ears. It was a small hope, but certainly better than nothing.
“Antony Stark” Obadiah breathed his name with wonder, as if Tony’s appearance there was somehow miraculous, the tall man rising from his chair in one slow graceful movement despite the slender walking stick Tony spotted resting against his chair. Shock held Tony in place as Stanislov’s mouth split into a wide happy grin and his godfather extended one broad palm to shake. Tony’s brain was struggling under the weight of shock and when it did kick start enough for him to numbly reach for Obi’s hand his thoughts only got muddier under a storm of impulses as the man gripped it firmly and pulled him in for a full-bodied hug.
Kirk’s eyebrows crawled upward. All of the joviality he’d entered the pub with had bled away. He was assessing Bucky now with keen intelligence, and it was enough to remind Bucky that for all of Kirk’s wiles he was still a dangerous man to cross.  Kirk, a healthy decade older than Bucky, had lived through his share of wars by now, but he’d not married it the way some men did (the way Steve had). He’d retired from the navy but hadn’t been able to leave the sea behind. He sailed under an English trading company and knew just about every stretch of water from the North Sea to the Black.
“Péter, you’re coming with me now. The rest of you will stay. Ian you’re on lookout. If there was a search party anywhere close sound will have carried.”
“So!” Tony plopped back down in his seat, clapping his hands together to gain their attention. “It has come to my attention that I may have a lot to learn about this whole teaching thing. It’s my first time, what can I say? But I’m quick witted. I’ll get the hang of it. In the meanwhile I’m going to need your help.What is it everyone wants to learn?”
“We need to be there Buck,” Steve grunted, pushing the vehicle a tad faster. “Striker didn’t choose Dottie by chance.”
“That is an issue for you to take up with command, Major Dvorak. This man is gravely ill. Please clear the room so I can see to my patient.” Dr. Fischer didn't so much as look at them as he finished preparing a needle and bent over Rogers prone form on the bed. The man's eye lids were drooping, fluttering weakly with the attempt to stay open. He clearly didn't even have enough energy left to turn his head away from the doctor as he drew closer.
As Tony finally took his seat aboard the bus and watched the cobbled streets of Salzburg pass by his window he wondered when, if ever, the world would wake up from what felt like the longest of terrible dreams.
“I don’t think your monk likes me very much.” She commented, sure to keep her tone light and teasing. Stefen blinked at her as if he had no idea what she was talking about.
“Yes.” Tony murmured, carefully scrutinizing Stefen. “Here so suddenly and yet gone so quickly. Did you even feed them before you hurried them off?”
Their stares made Péter want to crawl out of his skin or start shouting at someone about how unfair it was (how stupid it all was) but he couldn't do that. Couldn't do anything to stop all of this or to help himself except-
She forced herself to stay still until all the voices were gone, until the room had gone silent once more except for the sound of fathers ragged breathing. She found it calming to repeat the models of behavior they learned in the BDM.
And Steve could see it in his eyes, that he would rather run Steve over in the street than stop for him, he braced for the hit; but the man let out a shout of surprise as the back of his door was suddenly yanked opened, swinging violently on its hinges.
If they made war with the Czechs there would be fighting in the mountains and Stefen’s men would be some of the first called out.
He should have loved the man until he couldn’t stand to get out of bed. Next time… if he got a next time, Tony promised himself that he would.
Steve had not set out intending on keeping the truth from Tony about his engagement to Charlotte.  He wanted to tell the children first. That felt right to him. After all, it was them who would be getting a new mother and who may be stuck with the woman if the worst of what Steve feared came to pass. They should be his first priority. But Steve couldn’t find a right time to tell them either.
Listening, Tony thought back to that day so long ago in the music room. She’d told him the reason she called Bucky by his given name was because there was no one else who did. Tony had thought it insightful for a girl of twelve. But it was more than that he realized now. Natacha was someone who observed the world and everything around her with keen eyes.
“I hear him.” Natacha replied under her breath, staring resolutely ahead as if she had not. She was watching the cars in the street for a sign of Harold, who was supposed to come to take her and Péter home, the film running too close to curfew for either of them to cycle home.
“I can understand why you might have a hard time believing that,” Farkas continued, once more seeming to read his mind. His voice remained soft and intent, his eyes boring deeply into Tony like they sought to burn the words on his soul.
"… And so the officer looks down at your Da's papers and says 'Eighteen. Who can vouch for you?! You're ten if you're a day. Have you even been with a woman yet?' And your Da just looks right at him, real serious and says, 'Three of them. And if you go talk to the Enns sisters down at the inn they'll vouch for me quick'. " Bakhuizen finished with a laugh and Péter and Ian dissolved into snickers over the story. The younger children laughed along, though Tony got the impression they were just happy to join in with the general feeling of merriment and couldn't perhaps appreciate all of the humor of the story.
There was a satisfied smirk on Steve’s face as he pushed through the glass doors and approached the concierge’s desk in the front lobby, flinching under the bright lights of the massive chandeliers that decorated the towering ceiling. Though he’d stayed there a few times now, he swore he’d never get used to the sheer opulence of the place.
“So it wasn’t the money?" He asked. "Then what was it then? What made you think I’d let you stay here when I found out you were handpicked to spy on me?!”
Steve strained his ears to listen as boots walked alongside the truck and knuckles pounded smartly on the driver’s side.
They were cool and smooth to the touch. Their unusually vibrant hue had caught his eye when he’d seen them in the window of Pippen’s shop.  At first, he’d thought of having them strung together into a necklace for Natacha but now he worried the red would clash with her hair. She complained about that sort of thing now. They were so beautiful though it seemed a shame at the time not to buy them.
“What book?” Bakhuizen immediately countered, his face giving no indication of whether he believed Tony or not.
Tony hesitated for the barest of moments, and then deciding that cowering was even more detestable to him than immediate obedience. Slowly Tony moved away from the piano and made his way with deliberate ease toward his waiting host. The Captain closed the door behind him with a click that seemed obscenely loud and Tony flinched. It was stupid stupid stupid, to antagonize the man this way. Dangerous. What had he been thinking?
The evening had started out well enough. Steve had bathed in the luxury tub of their suite and even managed to get Tony warmed up enough after their argument to join him. He’d failed spectacularly to keep his hands and his thoughts strictly on the matter of washing off the day and any lingering evidence of sex.
The thought left a sour taste in his mouth. He clenched his hands under the table as he chest panged with pain. He didn’t want to believe that Stefen was anything like Hughard, or to sympathize with any of his father’s choices where Tony and his mother were concerned, but that he could admit was childish.
He’d created things to create better things, but he’d never truly believed he’d ever leave the abbey, or that one of his inventions could be of real use to anyone. That was apparent to him in the way the sight of his tools settled in his gut like a stone, the way they filled his thoughts and called to his hands like siren songs he had no will or desire to ignore.
Steve focused on them again just in time to see her chummily shove her spoon in her mouth, smiling right up to her eyes, and Tony still watching him. His smile had gone a bit sad, and far too knowing for Steve's comfort.
Pavlar had been purposely infected yesterday and wasn't permitted to shower with the rest of the subjects.
“You had me, until you started looking just as pouty as your seven-year-old.” Chuckling, Tony forward once more and smacked a fleeting kiss against his lips. “And I’ll be damned if I swing from the gallows because I couldn’t resist
But Bucky was still scowling darkly at him and not moving like Tony needed him to. Péter, finished extinguishing the flames, dropped the scoop and moved to help but he jerked to a halt when Tony snapped his fingers loudly and barked with a shake of his head.
While Tony could hear a certain similarity to the Russian language in the words that Steve was speaking lowly and urgently to their unexpected visitors, they were definitely not close enough to be Ukrainian. He kept that knowledge to himself for the time being as Steve got back to his feet and gently nudged the young pair towards Pepper.
“Péter’s not here.” A simple sentence, but Stefen made it carry the weight of the world. “I need you. You and Tacha have to look out for the others.”
“You say it’s to be shop space now?” Joshua asked, walking slowly in a circle within the center of the room, booted feet thudding loudly on the bare floor.
He’d failed them so monumentally; he couldn’t wrap his mind around it, so it just stayed unraveled. Their faces dancing before his eyes, the weight of their loss sitting on his chest, and he accepted it.
“The captain rang while you were out. I told him you’d call as soon as you returned.” She’d said and Ian, eyes going wide with excitement had grabbed Tony’s elbow.
"It will be a great addition to the party." Steve heard himself say, smiling gratefully at Tony for all that he did for them before he took a bracing breath to say what he needed to say next.
“It’s not clear what you intend to do about the fact that, according to the Reich, it is merely unfortunate if Péter is beaten to death by his peers. It is not clear to me that you are aware of how you’ve left your daughter to be stripped down and dressed up and sold on a mating block to satisfy the likes of Fraulein Werner and every other malicious crow who wishes to turn her into a weapon against her own sex. Against herself Stefen! Have you not wondered at all what her mother would say?”
Bruce finished, leaving Tony reeling as silence descended. It shook him to his core, hearing how close the man beside him had come once to taking his own life. But in a way, Tony understood. He was no stranger to guilt. No stranger to the feeling that it wasn’t right to live when others had died. Better people, innocent people. Yinsen. His
From there Ian could see out over the mountain side from here and down into the valley below. It was beautiful, but what had Ian’s heart kicking into high gear again was not the stars above, but lights twinkling between the trees, further down maybe about a hundred feet. He didn’t know if those lights belonged to an outpost, or perhaps another cabin but there was only one way to find out.
“What about him?” Kirk snapped, before he seemed to realize what he’d done. He’d known exactly who Bucky was asking about so he could hardly claim now not to be familiar with Hughard’s son. Bucky smirked at him and Kirk just glared.
“You don’t want me to get shot by the Gestapo. That’s a far cry from wanting me here. I know the difference.” Tony spat in reply, his voice was hard, bitter even, but there was something tortured in his eyes. A kind of pleading that Steve wanted to obliterate and did not know how. There was no target here. Nothing to aim at.
“You let me take you to Berlin. You came and you, what? Tony what was your plan? Why did you let me do that? I put you in danger.”
“I’ve already told you. It’s just like last time.” Bucky tried to placate, but Kirk had never been a fool.
“I could sing for him. Tony taught me a song in Italian and one in French. Do you think the prince speaks either of those?”
Ona blinked out of her daze, biting her lip with another moment of indecision before she finally darted forward, grabbing his legs. Together they awkwardly half dragged, half carried the stranger towards the barn.
“Hercules says that Schmidt himself went to question the family. The woman’s name is Magda Hofreiter.”
Outside wasn't much better but there was less heat and press of bodies. Steve felt his breath come just a little easier. He looked out over the heads of people up at the swooping arches. He'd painted this station once, had at least a dozen sketches of it, yet as he looked out at the throng of people all jostling with their luggage and papers, their faces long and dark, olive and short, rosy white, a pallets of people all leaving Vienna, he couldn't help but think back to Sam’s words in the car.
There had been a time in his life when Steve would have traded much to know what went on at a Viennese ball. Now, there wasn’t much he wouldn’t trade to escape having to attend what amounted to a bunch of people standing in small groups and pairs staring at and gossiping about one another. Steve could do without an evening full of stares. The grand ballroom was stuffed full of important persons, from delegates to generals and celebrities. It was decorated to look like a crystal forest so that even the chandeliers hanging over their heads looked like crystallized roots. He wished he'd brought his notebook. Not so strange an urge. Stranger was the wistful thought that followed, that Tony would have loved all this sparkle and finery and that he’d have liked him to be there.
Lt. Stevens frowned, rereading the report from the men who’d handled the Majors transport. Piano keys plinked away in the background, defying the silence that filled the rest of the house. Herr Stark kept the children occupied with musical lessons, and while Lieutenant Stevens was grateful for their distraction, it was too discomforting reading that the man had come to some injury while one of his sweet voiced children sang in his ear. He excused himself from the music room and signaled for Officer Luvig to take his place keeping watch and headed for the station. Captain Arnold would not be in a good mood to learn that the Major had been injured while in their hands.  They’d received strict instructions not to harm him while the investigation was under way. It was no longer a question anymore whether the man was guilty, but what theater the administration had planned for him.
“You need better heating,” Tony quipped ignoring the sharpening glare from Nik’s one good eye. “I don’t understand your aversion to progress. There’s this wonderful new thing called electricity, hell even steam power. If you’d just allow me to, I could have this place-“
Péter was there with Harry Osborne and the Drake boy, being served tea by a particularly fussy Hammer. There was a girl with them too. She had blonde hair neatly braided down her back and sad blue eyes.
Tony stared up at him, eyes still shining in the lamp light with unshed tears but he was listening. Truly hearing for once what Steve had so much trouble expressing, and most importantly, what Steve was willing to compromise if it meant his happiness.
Bucky’s lungs were burning but he pushed himself harder, following the deep tracks left by the truck that carried Steve. The military vehicle was designed to travel on difficult terrain, but the woods were compact and made their progress slow. He didn’t know what he planned to do once they managed to find the road again. He grit his teeth and pushed himself harder.
Ian had sat up on his bed, staring at Tony with awe and Tony had winked at him like it was a game, like it was
Ian clenched his teeth. He was sick of talk of matching and babies. He would never have babies he decided. All the Germans wanted to do with them anyway was make them into more soldiers. And not the good kind.  Ian was certain he did not want to be German, but he would always want to be a soldier. The right kind. The kind who fought to protect people and defend their homes, not destroyed them and bullied little girls.
Hitler was on his way back to the Chancellery where they could easily outnumber him. But not hold him. Not without the army’s support. They could kill him still. Steve was fairly certain they could still carry out the plan and successfully kill the Führer but without the support of the army and the former heads of state, it would be a suicide mission. If they escaped arrest and the traitors’ deaths that waited for them, they’d have to flee the country.
Steve was the last one off the boat once it was safely docked. He slung an arm under the shoulder of their injured companion, who had grown too weak to even carry his child, and helped him walk from the boat. He didn’t see the captain’s body on the deck and wondered if he had fallen into the sea when he went down. Without someone constantly pumping water the boat was taking on water faster, her stern dipping lower and lower below the waterline. Eventually she would sink. Perhaps not before she was ransacked for parts by the locals.
“Relax Stevie you look as twitchy as a hare.” Bucky mumbled out of the side of his mouth as he sidled up to the bar. Steve tore his eyes away from the door of the hotel bar, gritting his teeth in irritation as Bucky ordered a drink, still pretending not to know him.
Natacha matched her rhythm, content with the task she’d been given. As grateful for the silence of the women working within the kitchen as she was for Maria’s voice filling the halls, haunting in more ways than just beautiful. Tony had chosen the song for her to sing before the riots, because the composer was popular, and the song well known. It had been a small act of defiance before, a jab at the public conscience and a sweetened plea for empathy; but it wasn’t that now. Now it was a song of swans.
“Whatya think I’m new at this?” he growled. “Relax Stevie, I ran into the girl on the street. Couple pricks in police uniforms weren’t taking no for an answer. I always rescue a lady in distress.”
"The Frauline Van Dyne?" Natacha asked, her eyes widening somewhat in awe. "We've heard her on the radio."
Péter’s voice was much softer as he continued, his hand trailing a touch lovingly over the smooth side of the boat again as he confessed, “I know what they’ve done to the gypsies Tony. And now look what they’ve done. It’s only going to get worse. Going on with my life and pretending I don’t know is just like saying I think it’s okay. Because when you can fight and you don’t fight, and people keep getting hurt… then it’s like they’re getting hurt because of you.”
If they all failed her and she felt forced to make a choice between what was right and those she loved, then more the shame on them for feeding their children to wolves.
Strange as it was Tony had never felt real autonomy until he’d become a monk, the brothers taking him as he was with all of his cracks and fissures. He remembered a night after his third attempt at running away, having been dragged back by Fil, Bruce had sat with him. He’d dressed Tony’s various cuts and bruises and simply sat with him, like he was sitting shiva.
He and his family had spent much of his childhood traveling and he’d picked up parts and pieces of many languages out of sheer necessity, but for every place they’d settled and every jargon they’d picked up, they always had something of their own. Having a language of their own meant that wherever the caravan went they knew who and what they were. And no matter how Steve was teased for his blond hair and his gajo father, he knew he still belonged. He spoke what they spoke and they could never be strangers to each other.
“You can’t keep taking these people in. You don’t do them any good.” A pause, the sound of fabric rustling, and then the man muttered almost too low for Steve to catch, “You love playing the little hero.”
Steve saw the flash of relief in Tony's eyes, betraying the mask of confidence he wore and gritted his teeth.
He could make the entire house go electric he mused to himself. Stefen would balk at the cost of such a major renovation but once he experienced the efficiency Tony was sure he’d come around to the idea. There were –
Bucky should really have known better than to relax. It felt like his toes were beginning to thaw and sleep began to pull at his eyelids once more, reminding him that after a long journey with fitful nights and uncomfortable sleeping positions, that all he wanted was to sink into his bed and not come out of it until spring.
But to his surprise the meal was pleasant and Thor’s questions, when he asked them, were non-invasive. He had a solid grasp on the military history of not just his own people but his neighbors and the major powers of the world and a keen interest in battle strategy. It made Steve hopeful for their private talk and reaffirmed the notion that he had that Thor was a warrior at heart who would always prefer battlefields to ballrooms. It was easy to like a man like that and in a different life where Steve survived the war, he could have seen them being friends.
“Well you had better sober up before the party, we have to sing,” James reminded him, turning back to his own breakfast. Bucky wanted to tease him, tell him he was as bad at expressing love when he felt it as his father was, but that would mean he’d have to speak, so he settled for a low grunt.
Tony had put together a program for the children to sing that told a different story. The story of a different time, a forgotten era of heroes and romances that seemed naïve to think upon now; but that the heart would always ache for.
"James? Damn it Bahkizen!  Are you-" Tony grunted as he wrenched open the driver's door and Bucky nearly fell out on top of him.
"Yes." Came the boy's mumbled reply, his head hung low, and Tony tensed once more as Stefen grabbed the boy by the chin and forced their eyes to meet, prompting in the same dangerously calm way.
“That’s not what I mean and you know it.” Tony rejoined, pulling away from Stefen’s busy (wonderful) mouth and glaring at the man without much heat. This time Stefen was the one to sigh.
“Stefen.” Bucky lowered his voice, eyes flickering to the driver. “I know it’s the last thing you want to hear, but you can still run.”
He wished that for one moment, it wouldn’t feel like the ground was tilting beneath him and that he wasn’t in a constant state of reaction. Fleeing from danger on all sides like a frightened mouse was beginning to grate. Maybe Stefen had a point. It was time to stop running.
A light came through the bars suddenly and Steve looked up. It flickered, bouncing off the opposite wall, his only view. Being chained up this way was all part of the torture.
He knew all about the seven deadly sins. The Abbot always had taken too much delight out of forcing Tony to receipt the scriptures on them as part of his punishments, knowing that they’d be stuck in Tony’s memory whether he wanted them there or not.
Thankfully, Hogan didn't devote any more time to protest, and under a minute later they were peeling from the drive and out the gates as fast as the automobile would take them.
“Are you a carpenter as well as a monk now Herr, Stark” Hammer sneered and Tony didn’t even spare the man a look as he responded to stupidity with the only thing it deserved: disinterest.
Of course, Tony had to fall asleep sometime. He didn’t consciously choose it, more like he was sitting in the chair, keeping guard as he did every night now, staring into the fire while he relived every moment that had led up to this one.
“You want to be able to help James, then show me you can!” He barked. “Show me you can behave and keep up with your brothers and then we’ll revisit this conversation.”
“I’m not a baby!” Artur immediately snapped back. It would probably have been more convincing had he not had to take his fingers out of his mouth to do it.
Stefen grunted something, his voice still mostly unusable, but managed to nod.  The mixture of fear and resolve in his eyes betrayed his carefully blank expression. Bucky, still holding his shoulders down, cocked a crooked halfhearted smile.
In his father’s shadow, Ian’s mood had dropped lower and lower after the boat race. His continence becoming unusually despondent and moody until he was acting far more like James than he was his usual self.
“Step right up! This game separates the men from the boys. Are there any men in the crowd? Step right up and ring the bell. A ring wins a teddy bear. How about you Sir, win a teddy for the little lady?” an operator, catching sight of Tony walking hand in hand with Sara, beckoned and Steve smirked as Tony was forced into complying by Sara’s puppy dog eyes going wide at the sight of the stuffed bear in the operator’s hands.
“We were changing em just now before you barged in, Stark. I’ve been taking care of Stevie long enough ta-”
Unfortunately, Herr Grimm had not exaggerated the disrepair the building had fallen into since its Jewish residents had been evicted but it had the connivance of being a street block away from the square, with a partial view of the newly renovated chancellery building.
"Kirk's a good man and he runs a tight ship but anything's possible in these times," Bucky shrugged with a dark scowl. "This isn't the first run he's made for us that has gone sour either."
“They only wanted to take Papa at first, but Mama insisted on going with. They…” Cameron halted, gasping for a breath and Tony rubbed his back, making a soothing sound that sounded as shaky in his own ears as his breathing.
Fischer stared, and Dvorak tried to hold his gaze. It was difficult to do when the other man seemed to have found a way around needing to blink.
Tony glanced behind him to make sure that Hammer was nowhere near, but at this end of the hall it was just the nursery and Julia was preoccupied with getting Sara and Maria’s things together. Strictly speaking Cameron should not have been upstairs. His position was one of the lowest in the household, and if they were being traditional about things he should have stayed out of sight and out of mind while he did the houses dirtiest tasks. Tony’s father had been a stickler on respecting the master of the house of course, but as a self-made man he’d never put up much with classism or many of societies rules when it came to how the help functioned. Herr Hammer was a different story and as Cameron fell under his leadership Tony didn’t want to know what creative punishment the butler would come up with if he caught the boy consorting with the Captain’s children. With soot covered hands no less.
Something funny in his chest pulled and Tony’s smile faded. He thought suddenly of the notebook tucked away in his bedroom drawer with all of his grand dreams and unrealized ideas, and then thought of being young again, rushing toward his father in the shipyard with his hands clutched tightly around his model engine. He blinked the memory away.
Stefen held her stiffly but Maria didn’t seem to care, after only a moments hesitance she wrapped her arms tightly around his neck and did indeed seem content to lay her head against his shoulder, silent tears trickling down her cheeks only interrupted by the occasional sniffle.
“And I thought a lady never lied,” Tony replied with a shrug as Sara slipped her hand in his. It was slightly sticky with heaven only knew what but he supposed that was fairly typical with small children.
He opened his eyes slowly and Tony met his gaze head on. There was fear clouding his eyes. Steve stroked his thumb soothingly over Tony’s pulse.
“No one with any credibility can argue that the Germanic peoples were far superior to any other people group. The evidence is there, you just have to dig it up.” Vonkov was crowing at one point to a captive audience. Tony hummed thoughtfully around a mouthful of wine and Vonkov’s eyes had narrowed on him (again) and the man had sneered.
Harrison smirked. Brave for such a little girl, but then again, she’d have to be if she’d wound up working with Vis. Harrison liked the look of her but Bucky on the other hand looked like he wanted to dump the poor thing out the window. Vis cleared his throat and shifted until he was leaning slightly between the two of them.
He didn’t hear her come into the room, perhaps because he was so focused on his stitches (stitching was not his favorite activity). One of these days he was going to invent a better machine to do it. Husqvarna was great and all but there had to be a way to increase the speed and dexterity of the needle, and some way to keep the fabric in place and turn it about (like a second pair of hands). Wouldn’t that be something? It would have to recognize shapes and lines to be fully functional. Why it would practically have to think for itself…
Ian nodded his agreement, the tension leaving his body like a breath of air as he reminded them all, “I’m not done yet.”
No, oh no. Magda licked her lips, her throat going dry again with fear. She clutched the rake to her chest and edged forward, trying to think what to do next. Something squashed beneath her feet and she glanced down.
It was so quiet after Steve finished speaking, he could hear every crackle and pop from the fire.  Steve felt the ground beneath him shifting like sand and he desperately searched around the room, looking for a point to anchor him against the too real sensation of sliding. His eyes caught Tony's (his face whole again) and held. The monk took a deep breath in and let it out slow in a silent instruction to breathe that Steve followed. A breath in, a breath out. Then they repeated it again and again. Tony's eyes smiled with encouragement before the monk turned to the children and said, "You have questions. I know you do. Go ahead and ask them."
"Don't worry Natacha," a blond boy that Steve did not recognize called out from amidst the group of boys who were getting ready for the race.  He was partnered with Bobby Drake, who was doing his best to secure their legs together when all of his partner’s attention was clearly focused on Natacha and her friends.  "I'll win the race for you in your honor."
“Take cover!” he had just enough presence of mind to shout as he fell back down, hitting the truck bed hard just as the explosion blasted painfully in his ears. He threw his hands protectively over his head as dirt and debris rained down over them, shards of steel and glass striking the sides of the truck loudly.
Thanks." he muttered accepting the offering gratefully. He winced as he pried his numb fingers away from the steering wheel. The warmth of his breath stung the chilled flesh as he raised the bread to his lips, but he ignored the discomfort in favor of filling his belly. He'd been too anxious to eat that morning and he was regretting t now.
Tony made the word sound strangled even though if Péter hadn’t been standing close enough to know otherwise, he would have sworn that Tony’s mouth hadn't moved at all. Péter had heard his father sound like that before. That same timber, that same hardening around the lips heralding an explosion of temper: dangerous. Péter took a step back.
Two days later Herschel left the infirmary on a stretcher, his eyes wide and mouth slack in death. Steve watched them carry the body, unable to look away.
Friday night, trains and trucks all over the country carried men and women to the border of Poland near the cities of Zbaszyn and Beuthen – and still more came across German land on foot, urged on by the beating of German police.
Stefen’s hands came up to frame his face. Tony looked up into his eyes and ached at the tears he saw there. He knew Stefen wouldn’t allow them to fall even as the gruff edge in his voice betrayed the heart Tony knew was crumbling within his chest.
Khalmmer groaned, leaning his head back as he took a long drink muttering to himself, “Here I’d wanted to spend Christmas in Linz.”
“Thank you, Jakob, but as it is a ball in my honor I am sure he knows to whom he speaks. Why don't you be of use to us and send for some refreshments, ja?”
Steve unclenched his fists, keeping them at his side, trying to work the blood through white fingers, considering.
Tony opened his mouth to politely refuse, but something about Stefen’s soft smile made the breath catch in his chest. He looked so boyishly proud that he could have been Artur just then as he slowly extended the package Tony had all but forgotten was under his arm.
Tony noticed that while the children’s eyes had widened and the Captain looked flummoxed, that Sam’s dark mouth had split into a wide grin, the gardener throwing back his head and laughing.
The sound in the room rushed back in again, the noise from the hall below and all the conversations from those around him coming back at once like someone turning the dial on the radio too hard. Steve flinched, and he saw Tony’s eyebrows draw up in concern. Steve flashed the monk a stiff smile and abandoned his post at the railing. Tony’s gaze tracked him as he approached, and when Steve slid into the space that Isiah vacated in favor of returning to his spot on the bench, Tony turned his head toward him, greeting under his breath, “Captain.”
Despite himself, Steve felt his temper fraying along with the hurt that sliced through him at Tony’s words.
“What do you mean?” Pepper asked looking livelier as her eyes following Stefen as he moved toward the back door. “I passed the shed on my way in and I didn’t see him then.”
“You’re back,” he reiterated once more, once he’d collected himself, opening his eyes to find Stefen still drinking him in with his eyes as if to memorize him.
Maybe if he hid his uniform? Not the whole thing, just a vital. Or his cap! Then the army would have to wait for him to get another one before he could leave. Every good soldier knew a missing article on a uniform was as good as being naked.
He owed Stefen no loyalty he reasoned. Rogers (he must stop thinking of him so familiarly) was a Nazi who invited other Nazis over for tea in the hope of polishing his children up into mini-Nazis. So what was it to Tony if he told tales on him? Why should he feel like he was betraying the man when he would do so much worse to Tony if he knew the truth?
Tony was beautiful in the throes of passion, and Steve had guessed right. When he was taken with pleasure, even that sharp mind of his slowed to a single focus. The fact that that focus was Steve only made it better, as that agile tongue of his littered curses and lifted Steve’s name up like it was an evening prayer.
"Then I guess you'll have to make do with the ones you've gotten already." Tony teased, gesturing to the mountain of boxes in the corner of the table. But James didn't look at all satisfied with that conclusion and Hortense giggled at the indignant expression he wore.
“Isn’t gambling a sin?” she questioned pointedly and he grinned. He turned to the three silent boys in the doorway who were doing their best to look as if they hadn’t come running into the room with their tails between their legs and unsure of what to do next. Tony waved them over.
She’d always kept busy with a variety of activities and causes) had gained quite the reputation among the Viennese socialites for her forthright and formidable nature) and motherhood had never held any great appeal for her.
“I’m sorry,” Tony barked a laugh. “Were you missing in action when we met? A man without an opinion, your father is not.”
he thought, one of the first he’d had about his father in a long time that came anywhere close to charitable.
In the window sat a crude little menorah, obviously made by a child’s hands, with two of the skinny candles brightly lit within its holders. Tony recognized it as the one that Grig had made when he was seven with Nonno. He’d been so proud of it that Nonna had put it in the window. Tony had been jealous, not just because Nonna was proud of Grig in a way that she couldn’t be proud of him, but because Grig got to come back each night and light another candle and Tony never did.
It wasn’t up to Steve. It had never been up to Steve. But it was clearly the wrong thing to say. Tony's face drained of color and he fisted his trembling hands tightly. Steve wanted to shout at him again, demand to know why he bothered to hold back. If he thought so ill of Steve why not just take a swing at him? Why were they still slinging these useless words at each other?
It was nothing he could confess to anyone, not even his beautiful Helene. But some days Dvorak longed for the war, thought he might gladly take the horrors in their stride if he could just have some of its simplicity in return.
Stark was thumping about, Sara in his arms, the little girl giggling wildly. Péter was holding Maria securely in his arms as they bounced on the edge of the bed. Even Ian, the child he’d have credited with the most good sense, was dressed in bed sheets designed to look like an overcoat and...a dress? He'd tied what looked like a pillow case around his head in the fashion of a vail and was dragging James about the room, singing loudly in his brother's face. Natacha and Artur were thumping pillows like drums to a very mismatched beat. Enough so that Herr Stark, who was becoming winded had to keep stopping and repeating himself.
She'd danced too, mostly strong arming Péter into what might be called a waltz by forest gnomes. When the boys had come along they'd become her dance partners.
“It aint virginia I’m worried about.” Bucky said with a poignant stare at Steve, obviously referring to his earlier warning about Hammer. He stood up and stretched a moment later and for Tony’s benefit Steve was sure he added, “I’m sure the little monsters have a whole day planned out for us.”
The road was the surest way to find his way down and his way back, but not the quickest way. There was a downward slope and things that went downhill went faster than other things because of gravity. Tony would see, but that was good. He’d figure out that Ian was too far ahead and he’d go back to the others.
Sam shook his head, his jaw twitching as he clenched it tight. He reached up and grabbed Steve's shoulder. “You know how I feel. This is my home, Stefen. I want to save it too but... look around you Captain. I'm not sure there's much left to save.”
Tony looked up from his bowl of chopped vegetables as Stefen returned with the hunting party, their feet crashing over sticks and bramble, the sound of their laughter and chatter carrying through the air long before they appeared.
A man in a doctor’s coat with glasses and a sharp nose looked up as they came toward him, impatience in his step.
A sudden knock at the door cut her off and had both their heads turning sharply toward the sound. The children stared at the door as if it were a hungry lion as the knocking came again. Steve stepped between them and it as Captain Khalmmer’s voice came from the other side.
“He said he would think about it. I’m old enough to know that means no.” he insisted, dropping the pen in his hand loudly on the table.
Frowning with concern, Tony shifted out from under him, careful of jostling Stefen’s battered legs. He padded over to the dresser in search of another blanket to thwart the chill.
The thing was… Stefen had risked saying such a thing in front of him. He’d known the consequences. Which meant he either had decided he did not care… or he had consciously decided to trust that Tony would not tell. And he knew he shouldn’t put his faith in such naïve hopes (no doubt brought on by his treacherously fluttering heart) but he could not forget a moment not unlike this one, when Stefen had been equally vulnerable and still willing to accept Tony’s forgiveness. Stefen had trusted him then and he was trusting him now.
Natacha shook her head, her mouth twisting in contempt, and then she turned away continuing toward the gate.
“Glad you could join us Stevie,” Bakhuizen called from the neighboring boat, slapping the oars against the water playfully so that Artur and James giggled and shrieked as water rained down on them. Maria, less enthused by this game wiggled closer to her uncle and out of the line of fire.
It was silent for a time while Tony ate his sandwich and Ian resolutely refused to acknowledge the issue of James as he leaned against Tony’s chair and watched him eat with all the scrutiny of a nurse at patient’s bedside.
manage to catch him, but he didn’t manage to keep his balance and they both toppled backward into the snow. Desperately he scrambled up reaching for James, running his hand franticly over the boy’s slight frame for injuries. He heard the sound of Bucky landing not far from them, but all of his focus was on James, who was white faced, a trail of tears leaking from eyes scrunched tightly shut as he hiccupped and sobbed.
“In a week or so. He can’t leave for very long. He’s gotta get his papers done again,” da muttered, his attention focused on threading the needle. Though Ian’s father had a habit of looking focused on something but really paying attention to something else. He did it all the time with Tony.
Tony turned to Pike, making sure the admiral caught every last word as he warned, “You sure as hell aren’t about to block their access to iron, and if you don’t believe me now, you’re going to wish you had when your men are out there like sitting ducks, and you realize every ship in your fleet is outclassed.”
It was deathly quiet in the room which made Maria’s quiet sniffles and Péter’s heavy breathing seem all the louder. It was the fear that he couldn’t quite hide that helped cool some of Bucky’s anger. He’d gotten his fair share of smacks over the head growing up (most of them well earned) but Stefen’s children had rarely required strict punishments and if he was honest with himself, Bucky was loath to deliver them.
But now she knew better. She knew how to help Frau Hogan run the house, how to keep the little ones clean and well behaved, how to make sure that her father’s coffee was always delivered just as he liked, how to sneak into his study in order to make sure that he hadn’t fallen asleep at his desk again or passed out on the couch that bothered his back.
A startled breath pushed past Tony’s lips as Steve pushed their mouths together. Steve kissed him desperately, as if any moment now the pressure of Tony’s mouth against his would end his pain and fill the hole in his chest. It didn’t.
“Half the guest list is rich old windbags and the boys who bullied Péter, because we’re all just so free to do and say what we please?” Tony gestured around at the crowd with a scoff. Charlotte slowly tapped her nimble fingers against the mug she held, appearing to consider his words.
Bakhuizen shook him once more and the captain started. His eyes back on Bakhuizen’s he looked lost and Tony was sure, even in the low light, that he'd never seen the captain look so young.
“What is –” the young man began but he was interrupted by the sound of a sharp girlish scream, and an alarming chorus of thuds as something (or someone) fell down the stairs. Tony’s heart had jumped so high into his throat that it took him a moment to pull himself together, panic twisting through him as he imagined Maria or Sara taking a fall and lying broken at the bottom of the narrow stairwell. They knew they weren’t supposed to play up here, but maybe they’d come looking for him. Why? Oh why, when Pepper was supposed to have been watching them!
But he could see now why Stefen always acted so strangely torn, like a man with one foot in the grave and one without. If this worked it would all be over. With Hitler gone they could turn back the threat of war and heal the scars he’d gauged into the nation.
Tony and the children pushed the work bench to the side of the loft and stacked some of the crates on top of it. The rest they stacked neatly along the opening of the latch door, forming a wall that meant anyone coming up from below would have to step fully into the room before they could see beyond it. It was minimal protection, but one never knew when seconds could make the difference.
Péter backed away from their splashes, looking unimpressed that fate had saddled him with these two for younger brothers.
“Yes. The children spoke often of your many abilities. You teach, you sing, and now I hear you played a big part in nursing the Major through yet another horrible round of illness.” Countess Schrader ticked off, and if Tony didn’t know any better he’d say it was for the sole purpose of irritating her daughter, who took another sip of her wine and chortled into her cup.
At that moment Artur looked up from where he and Maria sat in front of the fire place playing with her dolls.
Neither of them spoke again for ages, but he thought he saw her eyes blinking in the dark as she watched him not sleep.
None of the children had ever voluntarily talked about their mother before. She was a ghost lingering over the entire household and yet nobody in the house seemed willing to so much as speak her name for fear of upsetting the captain. But the children should speak of her, remember her, if that was what they needed to do. Tony tried to trod carefully.
“That had crossed my mind.” Stefen drawled, his usual pollish giving way to country breeding with a positively boyish grin and Tony’s heart squeezed in his chest. No. He shouldn’t even consider it. He had a low profile to keep. He should not be going to dinner with Nazis in Berlin of all places. Was he mad?
Giving them the afternoon off from lessons had been the right decision. They needed time to be together.
Bakhuizen met his cheerfulness with a cold stare, his eyes slowly moving from Tony’s face and down to the tiny silver key he still held clutched in his palm.
Not for the first time, he cursed the size of the house and the thickness of the walls that prevented him from hearing the sound of approaching vehicles. If Bucky were there it would have been better. One of them could keep watch outside while the other defended the interior. Not having Bucky at a time like this was like missing a limb.
Steve felt the hysteria coming back. He bit his lip, shoving it back down. Was this a trick? Or was she as crazy as he was?
“And yet even the Führer attends the opera. He’s crazy about Tristan and Isolde. He also fancies himself a bit of a painter. And the might of his mighty army is birthed off the labors of not just servicemen but the engineers who build his ships, weapons, and tanks. It seems to me that the Führer finds great value in artists and intellectuals despite saying otherwise.”
Steve wrenched to the side, back arching of the bed, the leather restraints biting into his wrists and ankles.
“Ah Chavi, I’d love to dance with yah but-” he halted abruptly as the pounding in his head reached critical levels, unsure if his stomach was going to make an appearance on the table.
For one horrible moment the old man’s sad brown eyes meet his: beseechingly. Tony just stared. One of the boys pulled a small wooden bat from his belt and slammed it across the old man’s shoulders with an angry curse.
The last time the truck slowed, and the crate of the lid jerked open was no different, except this time her eyes were red. He blinked up at her, even the moonlight too bright for his eyes, and she held out a shaking hand above him.
He was in Salzburg in his own house, his office for god's sake. When had he become so feeble minded?
Tony observed the spark of awareness in his eyes when Tony gave his last name, but Pike didn’t comment on it. It was Stefen’s hand he held the longest, and Captain Rogers whom he took his time measuring with silent appraisal after.
Hammer was furious about the situation. He kept stomping around the house and urging the men to do increasingly more drastic things to get into the lab with the fervor of someone obsessed. He’d just love it if they could, the bastard. Then the Abwehr would see all that Tony had created. They’d find the plans for the explosives and the boat and no doubt tie him to the events at Dachau.
“I for one agree with you Chavo. The more bosom the better. It’s good for singing,” he teased. James looked awed, obviously taking Bucky’s words for gospel, and Steve rolled his eyes towards the ceiling.
“I'll do my own examination of course, but I've only to look at him to know the man is too ill to waste time.” Fischer responded rigidly.  “Now if you’ll all be so kind as to leave me with my patient.”
Wordlessly Father slung his travel bag over his shoulder and strode toward the door. Natacha and the others parted for him like the red sea. She heard more than one watery sniff, but only Maria was brave enough to reach out, grasping at his pant leg as he strode by. There was a split moment where Natacha feared he wouldn't see her, wouldn't stop, and that he would drag her down the hallway.  But he did stop, at least long enough to look down and carefully grip the hand that was gripping him and pull it loose.
*The story that Steve tells is a real Roma fairy tale, collected and written down by Roma actress, playwright, and researcher Alina Şerban. They are part of a larger project to conserve Roma culture and of course to share with a wider public. Shoot a message our way if you'd like a link to the website with more details.
What he’d gathered: Stark was smart (seemed to know just about everything) and what he didn’t know was easily made up for by sharp wit and a scarily absorbent mind. He could leave a conversation knowing next to nothing about the agricultural history of the turnip in eastern Europe, and come back after a few hours of reading an expert on the subject.
As if a few etiquette lessons could make anyone forget that Rogers was just a polish grunt who’d gotten lucky kicking up the skirts of the daughter of the house. Jürgen’s lip curled in dissatisfaction, his eyes burning into the closed door of the Major’s room. It was the dead of night, and Stark had yet to exit the master’s room. Jürgen knew damn well what they were up to, but damn if it all didn’t come down to
“I was not the right man. The thing is Tony, no matter how darkly I obsessed, what risks I took, or what boundaries I pushed, there was nothing I could do. The monster inside of her was stronger than both of us. She died, and I tried to put a bullet in my mouth – “Tony’s breath caught in his lungs, and his eyes widened in shock as Bruce went on. “But the pistol jammed. I realized how much I wanted to live but could no longer live with myself. I had to find a way to silence the voice inside, telling me that I wanted to die. That I deserved to die. I committed myself to the monastery the next day.”
“I've been away, caring for my children. Colonel Phillips has been so kind as to give me leave to look after them.” Steve corrected, shortly.
Tony ripped the sheets away so that they no longer trapped Stefen’s lower body. He’d turned to grasp Stefen’s shoulders when he was suddenly struck.
The entire drive home Stefen could not shake the adrenaline rushing through his system. The words that Stark had said to him that morning outside the music room, along with the ones shared outside on the terrace, kept coming back to him like a carnival ride slowly doing a circuit though his thoughts.
“All the more reason for you and father to support our union.” Charlotte replied with a dainty shrug.
“Herr Bakhuizen!” he turned once he was sure his face was a mask of confidence. “How delightful to see that you’ve returned from your travels.”
Steve imagined that more than anything else. He had to get to the cabin. He plotted and planned and obsessed over it, but his thoughts never managed to get past opening the door. He wouldn't be able to stand it if Tony and the children weren’t there. He wouldn't be able to stand it if they were. He wasn’t a whole man anymore. Just pieces. But he’d drag himself there and hope. Maybe once he did, maybe he’d figure out a way to put himself back together again.
“Stop lying.”  He growled, impatient with whatever game she had decided they were playing. “Keep it up, and you will no longer be able to leave this house.”
He thought as a memory floated up from their time on the lake. Steve had not been able to put a name to the feeling curling in his belly. Tony had been shooting off at the mouth again. Tony, dark eyelashes clumped together, his chest shifting under the water as he swished past Steve in a back stroke.
The weasel twisted his lips, sighing, as if the whole endeavor had cost him. His eyes flickered over Tony's frame as one might flit fingers over a dirty rag and Tony might have felt intimidated, if the man where in any way intimidating. Even in his shabby suit and third hand shoes that looked even worse for wear next to the weasels three piece uniform, pressed slacks and pristinely slicked hair, Tony couldn’t help but feel bored by the man’s pretension. The man was impeccably dressed for a servant. People like him, in Tony's experience, we're so consumed with self that they failed to see what was right in front of them.
No one on board had turned on any lights and yet there were shapes moving about on the deck. His eyes narrowed as a gangplank lowered from the ship and he watched speculatively as several bodies (hard to tell just how many in the darkness) came to meet the woman as she reached the end of the dock.
The three of them armed and tense as they listened to the news reports and the rest of the house moved quietly around them like somebody had died. Tony made them tuck their weapons out of sight as not to frighten Péter’s younger siblings, but none of them were particularly dull. They knew something was wrong even if they could not grasp the full extent of it.
Now Charlotte's mention of them made father pause for a fraction of a moment, his body going taut with tension as his eyes flickered toward the door where they were all standing in the hall and his gaze caught Natacha's. She'd been wrong she realized as he stared back at her blankly. He hadn't forgotten they were there. He’d never seen them at all, and she had the terrible feeling that even though he was looking right at her, somehow, he still couldn't see her.
“Auf Wiedersehen, Herr Stark,” Steve said softly in parting and Tony nodded slightly, resigned but brave.
“Or spiders?” Tony guessed with an arched brow, thinking back to the surprise that had greeted him when he’d first arrived. Péter’s smile fell and the boy nodded begrudgingly.
God. The thought of striking Tony’s flesh that way, feeling it give beneath his hands flipped his stomach. He could be sick.
"Which way to your washrooms?" Deiter turned to ask the barman, who tensed at the authoritative command in his voice and gestured toward a narrow hall to the side of the bar that led toward the back of the cafe, where the kitchen was likely located as well.
He set the photo down with distaste, reprimanding himself for dwelling on a history he couldn’t change.
As soon as the butler had closed the door behind him with a near slam, the housekeeper turned her intense gaze back to Dvorak and Dr. Fischer.
As the subtle notes of olive and iris tickled his nostrils Steve realized too slowly that it wasn’t a phantom of his imagination. He must have lost time again, because Tony was there just behind him with the children crowded around him and his uncle’s hand upon his shoulder. Tony was saying something to James who had taken his hand and didn’t look prepared to let it go; but his eyes looked over the children’s heads and found Steve’s again, full of worry and question.
The yard was full of party guests, all of Steve's neighbors and their families coming from their farms and homes, bringing good food and good cheer with them. They looked completely at odds with Charlotte's more distinguished guests, all come from the city in their expensive jackets and sleek automobiles; but it worked somehow.  Steve knew he had her to thank for that.
Long after Stefen’s heart had slowed against his ear and Tony’s was marching steadily alongside it he felt the captain’s fingers thread into the hair at the nape of his neck and in a very calm and quiet voice he finally broke the silence that had been hanging between them for days.
Captain Rogers frightened eyes met his. He was tangled in his sheets, his face contorted though it was hard to tell for sure in the dark. The bedside lamp had been knocked over and was shining its light sideways so that everything was contorted or cast in shadow.
“He shouldn’t have talked to Vati like that.” Artur mumbled around the fingers in his mouth, looking almost shyly toward his father for approval. Stefen nodded in agreement if somewhat shortly as he responded with an admirable level of gentleness.
True, the style had been carefully copied from the men whose photos had decorated the concert halls of his youth and the magazines his mother had subscribed to. But it was silly to feel a pang of loss over something as mercurial as how hair decorated one's face. Wasn’t it?
He let his eyes fall shut, listening to the sound of rustling pages and letting the acrid smell of the glue fill his nostrils.
He’d expected to find some of course, but for an officer of the Reich the good captain had far less S.S. themed literature than Tony would have predicted.
It took a moment for Steve to push up and away, straightening his spine, and look back to where Magda was waiting, a dark shadow with an unlit torch clutched in hand. He glanced around the yard until he spotted the main house up a slight hill and to their left, windows lit. Her family likely still up and about. It was time to go. Steve took another breath and turned, following her into the darkness.
“There’s an unfortunate darkness to it, but that’s easily explained. Your mother was quite dark and it’s well known she comes from a long line of venetian nobility.” Frau Ursala was saying as Tony approached. She tapered off when Tony cleared his throat and both women turned to look at him.
“I’m sorry. I wasn’t talking to you. I’ll be fine.” Steve grunted in answer and laid down before Tony could ask him who he
“Village.” Tony’s eyebrows raised as Stefen cut the man off with a hard stare. “And that was a long time ago Buck.”
Well that was a god damn lie, wasn’t it? Tony had plenty of skill. And it was about time he used it for something other than silly games or children’s lessons. How many more people had to get hurt before he realized that?
Tony's heart dropped into his stomach at the news. There was to be a party at the Führer’s home? That was an honor few received. But it was to be expected really, he thought with a touch of fear. Stefen was legend in Austria and what with the tour, all of Germany had become captivated by his unusually gifted little family. And it was so dangerous. This was why Tony’s father had always kept him in the background. It was dangerous to have the love of the people. They’d always want more of you, and Hitler was a jealous leader.
A storm was rolling in, but thankfully the snow had not yet begun to fall. Still with the clouds so heavy around them visibility was low. Ten feet in front was nothing but blurry white soup. The road was treacherous, and Tony prayed they wouldn’t drive off the side of the mountain or blow a tire. He doubted they’d make it the rest of the way on foot. One could easily lose themselves out in this mess.
“All of them?” Tony gapped at Holmes in horror, his heart sinking into his stomach. Thousands of people,
“They will perform Captain.” Schmidt commanded and Charlotte winced. “It would be a crime to rob us of their voices.”
But Steve knew from experience it wasn’t. He knew, no matter how many times or how vivid the illusion, it would never come close to replacing the real thing; even though it hurt more each time, waking up to realize that, Steve could never let go of someone he had loved so deeply and who had become such a part of him.
“How about I play for you instead?” Bucky suggested to Sara after a few deep breaths had calmed his stomach.
Bucky’s arms came around her, though she couldn’t track his movement through her tears, she didn’t need to see to curl into his chest like something small and pathetic. Which she was. She was worse than a silly child who couldn’t help herself or anybody else. She was a murderer.
and continuing till morning, the German police came to the homes of Jews who had previously immigrated from Poland with orders to round them up for deportation. There was no consideration for the illegality of this action. Immigrants who have long thought themselves German and held the documentation to support that fact, now found themselves classified as aliens.
“Yah gonna be sick, Stevie?” he asked, looking very well like he might be the one to lose his supper next. Tony cleared away the used syringes, wrapping them up carefully for disposal. He kept his eyes firmly away from Stefen, needing the moment to collect himself and not wanting him to see how effected he was by the sight of his pain. It hurt so much more to do the injections when he was awake. Tony almost wished there was a way to put him to sleep. Behind him Tony could hear Stefen’s hitched breathing, his teeth grinding as he clamped down to keep from groaning, fighting for air through the burning pain Tony was sure was scorching his insides.
He clenched his teeth together and scrubbed harder at the pot, only looking up pepper laid a hand on his wrist. Tony stopped, but the rest of him continued to shake.
Steve struggled up onto his knees, one hand open, reaching to stay the man’s hand. He looked as if he would strike her, gun or no gun.
“He’s gentle but you scared him.” The woman said above him, her hands reaching down to pet the gnarled coat of the ancient looking animal.
“You know what’s coming and you want me to run away?” Steve demanded incredulously, anger tightening his vocal cords. He couldn’t believe Bucky could still be suggesting that after everything they now knew.
“It’s the only choice I have.” Stefen insisted, the bark returning to his tone as he stiffened again under Tony’s hands. “I can’t sit back and do nothing while Germany swallows my country Tony. I can’t!”
“Perhaps you should finish learning to read in German, first? The housekeeper suggested with a poignant look Tony’s way.
Tony meets the children (and several little friends) and Steve might have bit off far more than he can chew.
Actually running into Shmidt put a damper on that feeling however. It had almost felt like a relief the few times he was was called out to attend a rally or a demonstration in the city. While it made him sorely cross to don his new uniform with the bold swastika on the breast, the boots still felt right on his feet and he was still more at home with the men than he felt anywhere else.
“I should hope. I ordered it done this morning,” Fil murmured and Tiberius fell short, clearly taken aback by Fil's cool demeanor.
*peeks head out* For the record, Bucky kissing Steve is not meant to about being sexually attracted to him. There were different social norms and the situation seemed right for it. Also, don't hurt me. I need my health to keep writing. Please feed your nervous solo writer. Let me know what you think of the shorter format.
They had no reason to speculate on Stefen’s upbringing because as soon as they heard ‘farming town’ and ‘Poland’ they filled in with ‘poor and foreign’ and either sneered or politely ignored the subject entirely.
If Stanislov was implying something different it could mean that he didn’t actually want Tony’s involvement, or maybe he was just seeking ways to control the situation to his liking. Because the other’s might not know how much Stanislov needed him, but Tony could see it written clear as day.
“Shooting first. Honestly, Cap. Don't get your trousers in a bunch.” Tony grinned, winking at a giggling James.
“He’s sick. I’ve already told you about the things he’d do... the mad things he’d say. He’s never been the same since my mother died. I wanted to believe that with time he’d get better, that it was fever talk.” Natacha said, watching as her interrogator took notes on his notepad, his expression much like hers giving away nothing.
“A man!” Ona said louder this time, her shock sliding into panic. “I think...Maggie, I think he needs help.”
“Suffering? Funny you should mention it. I thought you might like a roomier bed to sleep in, but if you’ve enjoyed elbows and knees poking you every night, I guess I’ll just throw you back in the pile.”
“You should be ashamed of how you treated your sister today. She’s small, and fragile, not unlike Mon Ami over there. I know you were sad and angry about losing your friend, but I hope you love Maria more than you ever could any pet.” Artur nodded earnestly and bit the lip that had begun to tremble. Tony felt bad for him but continued on.
Stefen pulled him into a kiss almost before Tony was done speaking. His mouth moved against Tony’s with need just this side of starvation and Tony answered that need with his own. Stefen’s absence still felt like cold against his back, the fear he’d held so tightly to his chest making his grip on him desperate.
“I should say not,” Tony scoffed again, this time giving the officer a deriding glare. “The whole house disrupted over something like this. Can you imagine? Captain Rogers, hiding gypsies. Frankly you should be ashamed you even suggested it. Surely you’ve seen enough by now to note the obvious truth?”
That said, Péter was without doubt the most active boy with a heart condition Tony had ever met and that was not as small a thing as one might think.
James tucked his head into Tony’s neck again for a moment mumbling, “he always follows me. It’s irritating.”
Steve wanted to tell Tony that trust was much easier to demand than to give, and to confess that he hadn’t trusted someone enough to risk sharing a bed with them since Peggy. But somewhere in the middle of his exhausting swirl of thoughts he’d closed his eyes. He opened them only briefly when a sound from the door pinged at his senses, but Tony’s low voice in his ear eased him back into sleep.
The iron slab over the square viewing window slid open with the sound of grating metal and a pale stern face appeared. Suspicious brown eyes over a sternly set mouth eyed Steve up and down where he stood in the street outside the back end of St. Péter's abbey. He'd come to the back door because he knew the long alley would be bare, and anyone who had followed him would be forced to expose themselves.
Tony barked. Natacha had worked herself up: the young woman’s face gone flushed and her whole body stiff as she glared at him with hands on hips but the command stilled her; though the tips of her red braids continued a fine tremble.
“You’re a very astute young woman Natacha. I’m sure you’re an asset to him. You’ll make many friends in the BDM, and with the right guidance you’ll be an asset to the Reich, and that is even better.”
It was because Tony was a suspicious bastard (and not a worried mother hen) that he didn’t ‘take the summer air’ (as Bakhuizen had so helpfully suggested) instead he spent his day in the garage tinkering with the cars and pretending to keep Harold company when they both weren’t avidly watching the activity in the back yard where Captain Rogers and his surly childhood friend appeared to be engaged in teaching his children how to brawl.
“What?” That got both their attention. Stefen snapped his head back around and growled, “You were supposed to take us to Dunkirk.”
“In the future Herr Stark, I expect you to stay where you are told,” the captain warned and Tony tried his best to diffuse the tension.
pray tell, gave Herr Stark the impression that he could take my children out of this house?” Steve asked, voice so dangerously controlled that even Justin knew better than to say another word. Virginia to her credit met his gaze without flinching, though Steve would not have wished to face himself at that moment had he been in her shoes.
She pressed her lips together, just like she always did when she was trying hard to be a lady, usually with dirt under her nails.
He looked around at each of them, to impress his point and when his eyes landed on Artur, the little boy nodded with all the severity of a judge.
Péter stood, shuffling his feet as his gut wriggled and burned, unsure of what to do. If it where his father he would turn and do what he was commanded, perhaps not speak to him for a day or two in punishment (as if his father had ever felt any real loss at not speaking to him) but with Herr Stark, things had been different.
It’s cries…. Tony’s step paused as a low sound registered in the dark. He hesitated, his first thought being that Péter was finally showing the signs of someone with a heart condition but no, he'd passed Péter's room already.
The doctor scowled, jerking his head sharply. Tony followed the direction but almost missed Bruce, who was wearing one of the white lab coats instead of the robes Tony had seen him in every day for the greater part of two decades. Otherwise he was the same, a frumpy looking man of middle age whose hairline had begun to grey, and whose soft brown eyes were always young and sharp with intelligence.
There was a single man waiting on the dock with a lantern held high. He was wrapped in a heavy winter coat, his white robes peeking out from under his coat hem and dragging in the snow.
“You know you could try swimming yourself. It was a lesson after all.” Stefen said, but there was no heat behind the words.
When she was sure no one was there to catch her, she climbed out of the wardrobe and gently closed its doors behind her. She stood there for a moment, not because she had any reservations about passing through the room and seeing her father again, but to smooth the wrinkles in her skirt. A German woman comports herself with true dignity. Dignity is earned in service.
Peggy had liked to hear him play. And even after… when it had become too painful to look at it anymore, he’d been unable to throw it away like he’d thrown everything else.
“The uncles all played, Ludo in particular took him under his wing. Bucky’s Da always preferred the lute.” Stefen recalled. His voice was low and Tony wondered if Stefen was conscious of the way it slipped into that rough accented lit that Tony had begun to associate with country roads and Bakhuizen, when he said, “My grandfather made him his first violin. Made something for us both actually.”
James stared at him for half a second, shocked into silence right along with Maria, and then his face clouded in a familiar storm of temper and he opened his mouth- no doubt to shriek and carry on- but Tony cut him off before the tantrum could even get started.
"Don’t be mean to me Pep. I think I drank too fast." Tony moaned. At least it was a good enough excuse as any for the sick feeling churning in his gut.
Bakhuizen was stroking the side of Stefen’s face, a gentle motion in comparison to the white knuckled grip he had on his arm.
Péter, who had curled his knees up to his chin stared up at Tony with warm brown eyes, something vulnerable in them as he nodded wordlessly. And then he sighed and said, “Mom used to tell us stories too.”
“No.” Tony instantly denied, heart still slamming away in his chest. “I’m not leaving you alone with –”
"Herr Weiss did an admirable job with the garden." Tony broke the silence, gesturing to the garden in general, and Stefen startled at the sound of his voice, blinking rapidly for a moment as he gathered his wits for small talk. Tony bit back a smile.
“I should have seen that he was struggling.” He confessed, his eyes searching Tony’s for the condemnation he knew he deserved but he was met with rich warm brown orbs, so heartbreakingly gentle that Steve wanted to hide from them. But he couldn’t bring himself to look away.
Tony was bored to tears within the first hour. By the end of second day he was ready to hit himself over the skull with something heavy.
“No Tony don’t!” James shrieked as Tony turned, making like he was going to roll the boy off his shoulder, right on top of his siblings. On the floor Artur had perked up, grinning with the mad sort of delight children got when they played games. It was good to see, and warmed Tony inside, however fleetingly.
“Yes, Sir. But if you don’t believe in what you’re fighting for what is the point? The system is not all bad. We all want to bring Germany back to its former glory. Hitler is not the man to do that, I agree, but we are all here because we love Germany!”
She’d never have wished her cousin ill, but fate had seen fit to set him on her path and Charlotte did not believe in squandering opportunities just because they were hard won. She could not expect him to be the same man he’d been all those years ago, or to have completely healed after the loss of her wife. She was content to wait, confident always that in his own time he would come to love her as ardently as he’d once loved dear Margrit. How could he not? Must not love when freely given, be met with it’s own kind?
Steve could feel the sweat as it dribbled down the side of his skull, clinging to his sticky skin. He could not tell if the sweltering heat within the room came from within or without, as they fierce desert that had taken up residence in his throat and mouth could have been a product of dehydration as it was whatever sickness had laid him low this time around.
Steve felt the flicker of a smile returning despite the tension and he looked down at his plate to concentrate on cutting his meat. He didn’t understand everything they were talking about, slinging around antiquated dates and names from history that all began to bleed together after awhile, but he didn’t have to be a learned man like Tony to know who the Romans were or what they’d accomplished.
Outside the door Tony tensed. The girl, Gwen, fell silent and looked away from Harry who seemed to take that as the surrender it was and turned back to Péter to say, “Well, what are you waiting for Péter? Burn it.”
Steve took that moment to step away and catch Stark’s attention, only to find that the monk was already watching him, waiting by the door as if he’d expected it. Steve narrowed his eyes, remembering his anger and his mission there. Right. Time to deal with Stark, once and for all.
“The kid just dropped right in front of me. Convulsing, rigid with the shakes, he was so swollen you could have burst him like a tick-”
!  If he couldn’t open this door, if he couldn't get inside-  The door gave way suddenly and Steve spilled inside, just barely missing a blow to his head as something swung at him. He dodged, scrabbling to the side with a gasp. The second blow came just as fast, but Steve caught it this time. It was metal piping, twisted and mean looking from where it had been torn from the wall, and on the other end of it a terrified looking man with dark hair and death in his eyes.
Standing in there alone on a dark mountainside, Tony held on tight to his familia. The only thing that mattered now.
Tony believed that it would be less than a year of separation. That was the plan. That was the understanding Steve had with MI9, but Steve knew all about understandings and how quickly they could unravel. Just look at what he’d done to poor Charlotte. If Britian had use for him they’d make use of him. Friendships wouldn’t matter and neither would previous debts. And Steve would have no choice but to comply, because the children’s safety would depend on it as well as his own. He was an officer of the Reich after all. That complicated things quite seriously.
“Stark.” The captain’s quiet voice was no less commanding for it as he called Tony’s name and Tony leaned over the railing and turned his head to find the man paused halfway up the stairs, stiff as a palace guard. “A moment of your time please.”
Zimmerman’s expression didn’t change, his tone stayed soft and placating as he answered, “the Jews created problems. You know it’s true.”
There was a pause, so long Tony worried she’d abandoned the crazy man on the other end of the line, or that the operator might have severed the connection when he heard a sobbing gasp. She was crying.
“Gee, you’re right.” Ian’s brow furrowed deeply in consideration at Tony’s answer. “I guess this means you’re going to have to eat again at dinner time too.”
“Get up!” Bucky kept urging him, his hands hot against Steve’s back, pulling insistently at the back of his shirt. He must not see the boot Schmidt had against his back, or the bruises purpling Steve’s skin from where that boot had come down over and over until he’d felt his ribs crack.
They’d never been raised to trust people easily, not when any Roma man could be killed or mistreated with next to no consequences. It didn't really lend a hand to believing in the best of people, but somehow Steve had always found that easy.
“She already prepared a tray of soup for the Klein boys.” Virginia clucked. “Natacha was down here earlier, says the poor lambs have been sick. It’s all this terrible stress.”
He wasn’t supposed to know about it because no one was. Steve had only spoken of it in hushed whispers and over secretive phone calls. The last place he’d ever expected to hear it talked about, and so openly at that, was in a dress shop in the middle of Vienna.
"Don't be ridiculous." Stefen said, voice more intense than the conversation seemed to warrant as he gripped the woman's elbow. "We can't send you back out on the road. Stay and eat something."
But after a moment more the coughing subsided and Artur curled against his side, content to continue licking away at his ice-cream between quiet wheezy breaths.
It was on the tip of his tongue to say it. He didn’t want to walk Gisella home and get her pregnant, no matter what their group leaders said. He already had his younger siblings to look out for and well, he rather have a dog instead. It wasn’t what he was supposed to want but dogs were nice. Even if they couldn’t grow up to be warriors for the empire like babies.
“Oh?” Tony asked, immediately wondering what gift Stefen could have for him that he’d held back for privacy the same way Tony had. “It’s not something horrible is it?”
“The kind that believes he can control his very small world and everyone else in it through violence.”
"They could execute you tomorrow morning!” Tony reminded him with a snap. “Stefen don't do this. Don't you dare!" But even as he begged, Tony knew it was useless, and that there was no stopping Stefen. Because he was right. They didn’t know what the enemy would do, and Stefen would always put himself between those he loved and danger.
is the symbol of their purity and their place among the famila. To lay with a man without one is considered unclean, which means exile and death. When my mother fell in love with my father and had me, she committed a capital offense… she was exiled, and worse her lover could not give her
Maria nodded, and Tony was relieved to see that she seemed to accept his answer and for the moment thinking nothing more of the strange interruption, taking her younger sister by the hand and following obediently after Pepper.
It was ridiculous to think that anyone would know he was looking up his decidedly Jewish relatives just by looking at him, but Tony couldn’t shake the feeling that anyone who looked at him would know. It was a public library after all. If anyone cared to get nosy there was nothing to stop them from knowing his business, there. That could come back to haunt him.
“Thank you for escorting the children,” Stefen said rather than answer, and Tony took his cue and let the subject drop. “The trip went well?”
"A race sounds marvelous," Charlotte piped up, leaving the table where she'd been sipping cider with the Mayor's wife and a few others. The other women looked surprised but quickly grew delighted by the turn of events as Charlotte took off her delicate hat and began pinning up her hair.
The little girls face was scrunched in worry and she shifted on her toes, trying to keep as close to the housekeeper as humanly possible as Dr. Fischer took a step toward them.
The words seemed like they hurt father on the way out, but that was odd. Because that's what they did, he and Da, look after everyone. That’s just what you were supposed to do.
Steve sat heavily, wrapping his arms around Artur’s middle. Artur rested his head against Steve's chest, fingers playing with the hand wrapped around his middle. Six months ago he wouldn’t have been able to handle sitting like this, everything in his body telling him to move, muscles unable to stay still. If this were six months ago Artur wouldn’t be anywhere near him. Grip tightening around him Steve sighed and shifted Artur so that he could sit next to him more comfortably, but something about Stefen’s mood must have rubbed off on him because Artur whined softly and clamped onto him with surprising strength.
She bid him to be careful and he told her to do the same. Brave woman that she was, Bucky doubted she’d keep out of trouble any better than he did. He’d set out that same night for Erlangen, a village just four miles to the west.
When the captain was gone (and when wasn’t he gone?) Péter was the man of the house but Ian volunteered to have his back.
life, and find sanctuary in America. He would live comfortably with his children while other people's babies died.
“And you are Sara,” he acknowledged and the little girl nodded, blond bangs flopping as she held up three chubby fingers. Tony widened his eyes as if shocked and gasped, “and you’re three! Practically a lady. I was expecting cribs full of babies, how lucky of me to have such a grown up young lady to talk to instead. I’ll admit I’ve never done this sort of thing before-”
? He needed help. Tony’s help. He needed to breathe. If he could just reach Tony, take his hand- but Tony’s hands were curled into fists too, anger pouring off of him so thick Steve could taste it on his tongue, feel it sparking between them like a stick of dynamite. He was so angry it felt volcanic. And still, it wasn’t anything compared to the fear. He was so terribly afraid, and he knew it would cripple him if he allowed himself to feel any of it. Anger was safer. Anger could keep him moving.
Dinner was delicious, for having been prepared by two old soldiers and a couple of wealthy brats all grown up, if Tony didn’t say so himself. Everyone ate happily, filling the room with laughter as the pot of spiced wine slowly emptied.
“Maria?” Steve’s heart twisted painfully in his chest as the girl turned to him. His daughter’s face swam before his eyes and he took a desperate step toward her, but the girl flinched and scampered back.
Steve didn't wait for her to finish, pushing open the door to Stark's room, glowering as the monk narrowly avoided barreling into him.
This was just fine he thought. This was not nearly as overwhelming as he’d first found it to be. Simple really. Almost nice to be out in the fresh air sitting on the bank, watching the children play.
Even in his state Stefen managed a frown at him, the nickname registering. Tony saluted a farewell, trying for jovial, and hurried from the room on shaking legs.
Steve woke with a start his mind instantly awake and panicking. Pale violet light lite swept across the room. Over on the sofa Bucky shifted in his sleep and slowly Steve began to relax.
Peggy’s mother had always found the idea of swimming common and upon learning that her daughter had taken it up, had declared it only more proof that Margrit had married beneath herself and bred a gaggle of ‘common little tramps’.
“Has a doctor been in?” he asked, glad that his voice only shook a little. “And is there a reason we’re trying to bake the man like a potato?”
Bucky snorted. It was harder now, a game he made himself play, looking for cracks in Steve’s perfect German persona to spot any remnants of the skinny Roma boy who had once lifted his grandfather’s coveted pencils in order to draw on the backs of logs.
He hung back by the stairwell and watched his daughter through the open archway. He cataloged her every feature, noting the way that her hair had darkened, closer now to auburn than the fiery strands he remembered from summers that felt like centuries ago. Her face had become angular in unfamiliar places, and her body softer in others. Her shoulders and hips were wider too.
Tony had never given his heart to this nation, so it wasn't his arms she lay dying in. That was a private hell for the ones who had loved her, especially so for those who had bled for her. And it seemed perfectly clear now, that Captain Rogers, man of war, would try and avenge her.
Not when he could hold Tony down by his hands. Shove him into the mattress, chest to chest. Hot breath puffing against his face as he pounded him into the mattress, drove the breath from Tony’s lungs, stole his ability to speak, molded their bodies together until he wasn't sure where he began and Tony finished.
He nearly tripped over his feet stopping himself as he darted past Ian's room. Ian's room with Ian very much still in it.
Again, the woman was making no sense to him. She was talking about the animal, but didn't she understand? Didn't she recognize Steve for what he was?
They went walking under the shady trees after lunch to let their stomachs settle and he and Tony talked while the children skipped ahead on the paths. Tony told funny stories about his first years at the abbey and Steve couldn’t help but laugh at some of his youthful antics, even if they largely disagreed on how inappropriate some of his behavior had been (particularly where a certain Brother Tiberius was concerned). Tony spoke fondly of the monk who’d run the infirmary, so much so that Steve felt a twinge of jealousy at how often the man’s name came up.
Bucky stepped up beside Charlotte, soaking in the intimate moment. Private moment. He took another long swig of his drink.
He'd dreamed it many times through the years but never quite like that. He’d never put Bucky in his place like that.
“People, Major?” Striker interjected, asking the question quietly, dangerously, his face blank. No one spoke.
Lt. Stevens quietly observed the tense faces in the room from where he stood at attention beside his captain's desk. Agent Neuman stood across from them, his mouth clamped tight in a tense frown.
Steve’s stomach lurched just as a man grabbed hold of his shirt, ripping the collar. Steve was on him in a flash, spinning to shove the stranger back against with the wall, hearing his head crack against the stone. He let the man drop before he turned and took off running once more.
“Of course. I remember now, Natacha and Ian are over by the carrousel with General Wurters children and James made a new friend with little Heinrich. They are by the ice-cream station.” Tony answered amiably, nodding in the direction of both attractions. “Shall we collect them then?”
Stefen's eyes glinted with amusement but if he smiled, Tony couldn't know as he chose that moment to sip from his drink. A pleased sound hummed in his throat and Tony tried not to fixate on the way it moved as Stefen swallowed, but he really couldn't miss the way that Stefen's pink tongue chased the sweet frothy residue left on the rim.
“You-. I’m afraid you don’t look very much like a captain,” Too winced, caught himself and tried to rephrase. “Not how I imagined that is.”
But Tony was who he was. That was what Steve had maybe been missing. Tony wasn’t meant for confinement. If Steve built a cage he’d only break out of it.
Natacha was in the kitchen with Maria and Artur when they entered, their faces still carrying hints of the fear that sprang up anytime someone approached the cabin, even when Tony was out and expected to come back. Artur was sat on the table next to the window, obviously playing lookout while Maria helped Natacha mix the wood ash with the animal fat in the bucket, attempting to make their first batch of much needed soap. It looked a mess and smelled worse, but Tony gave her an encouraging smile. It only took a glance across the room to confirm that James was on the bed sitting with Sara and the radio.
This chapter depicts scenes of torture, death, child endangerment and historical events related to the genocide of the Holocaust. Please read with care. Remember how we said this was a war story? Well it's here. Liberties have been and will be taken in the area of historical accuracy. That said both of us feel strongly about respecting the past and have done extensive research to that effect. We continue to believe that this story is important in our present.
The baroness was exiting the empty ladies' room opposite, her face bloodless and her eyes wide with fright - and Deiter knew without doubt that somehow, someway, the children had been taken right out from under their noses. His mind flashed immediately to the man in the cap, and far too late he remembered where he'd seen his face before this.
His friend's brow was puckered with worry, his plump lower lip bitten red from where he'd worried it raw with his teeth, his mess of dark hair hanging ragged over his eyes - his ma was going to come after him with the scissors again.
“I believe the behavior that Herr Hammer is referring to is Antony’s insistence on taking the children on an excursion-” Steve’s neck turned so quickly to stare at Virginia it hurt.
“As long as you don’t mind speaking it with an Italian accent I don’t see why not.” And then, just to test a theory he tacked on a dare. “If you think you can that is. It’s a lot to take on.”
“Are they aware of your current circumstances?” Tony asked slowly in response, his voice little more than a low murmur.  They’d collected the letter that afternoon and waited until late in the evening, his family and the children already in their beds, before going over its contents; but the house was small, and voices carried. Steve trusted Tony’s family to a point, but experience had taught that no amount of caution was too great.
“There isn’t time for that. They’ll be caught. Our only chance is to hide them.” Tony insisted. “I’ll need the key to the attic.”
He heaved a sigh. The children blinked at him waiting patiently for instruction except for Natacha who smirked smugly.
He landed with a jarring thud, a strange muted burn rushing up through his arms and into his neck. Dvorak’s boots landed beside his head and Steve flinched away from them, finding it possible now that the pain was dulled to roll over onto his stomach. Not easy but possible.
Martin had delivered his tools and the parts to his engine from St. Péter’s and Tony had barely waited for the cement to finish drying in his new workshop before he’d set up, and begun to improve upon the engine he’d started all those months ago. Many of the tools he used he’d created himself, designed to do the things he’d dreamed up whether it was smoother cylinders or smaller parts.
"But-" Tony, true to his nature had opened his mouth to argue but Steve wasn't going to have it this time.
Stefen had the scarlet fever once already. He'd caught it and survived it, only to bring it home with him.  Only to infect his family and kill his wife –STOP! Not important! Tony aborted the thought quickly. No one's fault either. Just bad luck and overworked army physicians overlooking the possibility that his belongings might be contaminated. The important thing was that once beaten, the likelihood that the disease would come back was exceedingly rare. Not impossible, but Tony was familiar with the look of scarlet fever. Had watched Bruce treat it hundreds of times. No rash. This was not it. He knew it in his gut. So what was it?!
She was tempted to believe that all of this could be blamed on Herr Stark, that he’d poisoned her Father’s mind somehow (just like the Führer always warned against) but she knew her Father and he’d been afraid and unhappy long before Tony had come to live with them. Natacha had always liked to watch and when you watched you saw things, heard things… and Natacha never forgot anything either.
They moved as quickly and as silently as they could. There was nothing they could do about leaving tracks, though Natacha wisely took them through the densest patches of trees so they wouldn’t be easily spotted. He noticed that she kept a wide birth away from the road. She must have seen someone Tony realized. An automobile or men on foot? He wondered franticly as they ran.
He ordered a drink at the bar and watched Scott out of the corner of his eye, impatiently tapping his fingers against the varnished wood of the bar until, after what felt like hours, Scott thunked his empty glass down and slid off of his stool, heading toward the back door.
And so, after parting with a bit more money, Tony and Stefen had been led by a busboy up the grand staircase, and out to the west balcony to wait for the girl to appear. There were few guests hanging about on the balcony at this time of year, what with the cold wind coming off the sea, and Tony was grateful they wouldn’t have to worry much about being overheard.
“I will! Damn you. We are all going to talk about Margrit Rogers, Stefen, and you’ll bear it! She can’t simply be boxed away for your convenience, for you to pull out whenever you’d like to bludgeon yourself with grief or excuse what an ass you’re being.”
Their tutor’s strange behavior had unnerved Péter almost as much as seeing the old man beaten. It wasn’t like Herr Stark to be so cold, especially where the girls were concerned. He hadn’t even looked at Sara, who had clung to him the entire ride with tears streaming down her face.
She extended her hand first to Péter, who blushed as he reached for her hand. Tony shifted and Steve glanced at him just in time to catch the roll of his eyes and grinned. Natacha shook Susann’s hand with practiced firmness returning the woman’s broad smile.
“His birthday was last week. I didn’t ask him to wait.” Tony snapped, harsher than he intended, but he couldn’t seem to help it. “Mine was in April.” He’d spent it in a cabin, in the middle of a wood, caring for seven children alone, thinking the love of his life might be dead.
“All of you get inside.” he ordered, dropping his hands from her shoulders. He crossed his arms over his chest and added loudly, to be sure the others heard and there could be no misunderstanding. “You’re no longer to leave the block unless Tony and I are with you.”
He was fine with his status of widower. He didn't have to marry ever again; and truth be told the more Stefen thought on the exhausting exercise of finding another woman who could make him feel the way that Peggy had made him feel, the more he just wanted to be alone.
Tony trailed off, his eyes following Steve as he crept closer. Steve watched the muscles move in his throat as he swallowed.
“It was coincidence he got sick when he did! If you questioned the others who were there they’d have to tell you.” Hammer insisted. “Ask the Baroness, she was there. She –”
"Yes Baroness." Milthede dipped into a hurried curtsy. Charlotte did not question for a moment if her request had been understood. She kept herself distant from the resistance as a matter of safety but rebellion didn't thrive without funds. When she could help, the tailor knew how to contact Charlotte and Charlotte her in return. She just hoped that Jann could get the men together before it was too late.
“Our faces will have been printed in every newspaper from here to Germany, Péter. Which means there is a good chance that whoever goes will be recognized, even in a place as remote as this. If that happens, no matter what, we can’t lead the people back here. It has to be me who goes.”
"The mother had dark features too. She snagged the major when he was very young." Ian overheard a woman say when they were all mingling before supper. "I doubt the daughter will prove as lucky. She'll certainly never be a suitable match."
"You've got a sharp pupil here, Herr Stark," Soren exclaimed with a low whistle as he stepped in close to peruse the lineup of prints, their slick surfaces glinting in the low light. Péter 's crooked smile was bashful, but Tony could tell he was bursting with pride.
That was alright. Ian didn’t blame Tony for having a lot on his mind or better things to do than deal with a bunch of irritable children. They should all be doing their part to help with father gone, and make him proud that he could leave them on their own without them all falling to pieces.
"He's been dizzy the last few days with headache, but you know how he is. He's refused to bring a doctor in or even to stay in bed." Charlotte was answering him and Bucky snorted. That sounded like Steve alright.
“You are not Eva Braun. There isn’t a woman alive as sorry as that silly creature but at least she has the sense not to tie herself to a sinking ship. People are questioning his loyalty! I won’t stand for this Charlotte. You’ve endangered the entire family with your selfishness.”
The door to the music room creaked and Ian jerked, startled, sitting up to crane his neck and watch as the door creaked open.
Tony said it with that familiar air of imperious demand, but Steve could see the plea for what it was in his eyes and he fought the desire to lean down and claim the man’s mouth, kiss him until his lips were lax and stung and the lines of worry around his mouth had disappeared.
And so the games began. Péter was a surprisingly bad shot; or rather he was a fine shot until he had to pull the trigger.
He collected his things and assisted Frauline McCabe with gathering hers. Though he doubted his cheeks echoed the flush of excitement coloring the girl’s face as they departed the train, Tony’s eyes searched the crowd just as eagerly.
Steve got up and forced one foot in front of the other. Again, and again and again. The cold never left his body, which was a blessing because it dulled everything else.
VOICE: The life of the world, its conflicts and achievements, its news and fun, its leaders and its common people.
Tony chuckled and said something about what a kind and considerate daughter she was, and everyone treated it as if it were all some joke. As if it were perfectly normally to be discussing his little girl having children before she’d even bled for the first time.
“Look you two," Harold interjected, squeezing both their shoulders. "Your father’s in a bad way. We all need to pull together now. There's no help in fighting over what's already done."
“Jessika is a strong woman. She’ll take care of herself and Danijella. She knows her own mind Buck.” the captain replied and something clattered on the table.
"It's not about how capable you are Tony. You don’t want to know what they’ll do to you if they catch you. I asked when I agreed to make you part of this, to trust me to know when something was too dangerous. I’m asking you to trust me. "
“Finding Stefen. That’s your job!” Tony rushed on, the words coming out like blades intent on cutting anything in their path. “Focus on that! Don’t you dare come back without- without...” Tony took a sharp breath, hand gripping his chest where his heart squeezed as if in the throes of attack.
Thankfully, it wasn’t long when they arrived back at the villa that they were greeted by Pepper, who informed him promptly that the order had come just as expected. They could ring Joshua Klein and have him out there the very next day.
“Once a month. I will send the drafts by post. The messages will be coded so your staff should not become suspicious of their contents.”
The man in the suit didn’t move, just kept looking at him like James had seen cats watching pigeons in the town square. His palms began to sweat.
“I knew your father.” The older man stated with an air of sobriety. “His loss was a terrible blow for us all.”
When she asked which room in the house was Natacha’s favorite she answered her mother’s room, even though it was her father’s room now and hadn’t felt like just mamas even when she’d been alive.
“You’re blatantly missing my point. “ She tapped the cover where the brave young Captain was depicted facing off against a pair of soldiers while guarding a frightened woman. “Since the issues started coming everyone in the network has wondered who the artist is. Stefen, I think you are the last man on earth who can lecture me on martyrdom. I know that I can’t stop you, and I’m not sure I’d try if I could. ”
Though he wondered which of Charlotte’s maids it might have been. Natacha, carefully watching his face, finally smiled, but it caught at the edges and slipped away almost as quickly as it had appeared.
if I had a hunchback?” She paused while Tony laughed in surprise, a smile tugging at her mouth fleetingly before it disappeared. “Mother told me once, when I was very small, that he and father were a perfect match because father would always need him, and James needed needing. After she died and father pushed him away, I understood what she meant.”
The judgment as well as the shrewdness in the girls tone was clear. Judging by the poor state of his clothing and the fact that he’d come from the abbey it was easy to assume he was some sort of ill-bred country yokel, a fool easily led by someone clearly as clever as Natacha Rogers. Tony smiled at her as he straightened up and shook his head just to see what she would do.
Seiger’s eyes flickered nervously yet again to the door but he need not have worried. Stefen hadn’t thought about anything but the children. Was uninterested with anything outside of them. Even moving to phone charlotte had taken second place. Tony didn’t think that would change anytime soon.
Virginia looked up from where she lay with Harold as Steve reentered the music room to blink owlishly at him in question. In the few minutes he’d been gone it looked like the younger children had fallen asleep, likely driven there by sheer exhaustion. He tried for stealth, and judging by the look Virginia gave him only achieved the stealth of bull.
"Got to get back on my feet." Steve grunted as he struggled to catch his breath, but deep down he was grateful that Tony had made him stop. He wasn't convinced he hadn't been trampled by a horse when he wasn't looking.
He really had spent a shameful amount of money on the garments, Steve mused to himself as he soaked in the sight of Tony’s bare arms in the low light seeping in from the living room. It wasn’t like him.
“Themen. I don’t know much about clothes but your mother used to shop here. Susann really knows her way around a needle so…” Steve shrugged, hoping Natacha wouldn’t be too disappointed.
Hers had been Silver and brown with hints of red and black across their surfaces, sewn and strung with black ribbon. When he’d turned ten Granda Motshan and Da had shown him the art to flattening coins and making beads from clay. They showed him how to get certain patterns on their glossy surfaces, and the meanings behind those patterns, so that one day he could make beautiful buinokishti for his future bride. A bride he was meant to have within a few short years. A good, pretty girl from a respected family.
Steve didn’t know why Globocnik couldn’t just do as other politicians did and say whatever lies would comfort the prince and his parliament so that they all might salvage what was left of their day, but then again he might be the pot again in this situation because he hadn’t just been able to sit there idly either, while Globocnik tried to defend the imprisonment of men and women who felt compelled by faith to speak out against the Reich or to sympathize with those the Reich called undesirable.
“Oh right. I forgot that everything of value ever produced is Germanic in origin and copied by others. How silly of me.” Tony drawled.
A part of him had not quite believed Péter. Captain Rogers was as unbreakable, unstoppable and as morally upright as the pamphlets had ever said. And a small very young part of tony wanted desperately to believe it was all true.
"It's going to be useless if we sit around in the open talking about it." Bucky snatched the little canister from Tony’s hand before he could stop him, his heart lurching in his chest as the other man tossed it unceremoniously back into the case and shut it with an angry click.
Tony nodded, not needing Stefen to explain further the difficulties for a man like Weiss. Under the Hapsburgs things had not always been good, but the monarchy at least had shown the occasional interest in social reform and man could hope that bit by bit things could get better. The Great War had changed all that and the Reich had destroyed it for good.
Tony turned to look at him, considering him quietly as they stood nearly shoulder to shoulder, neither of them speaking.
Signora Santiago answered the door and beckoned him wordlessly inside.  He did not spot any other occupants during his quick glance about, not even Maria’s young daughter. He didn’t know if that was good or bad. It was almost more than he could bear waiting until she had closed it behind him and thrown the locks to speak.
Stefen’s gaze lifted up from his lips, burning with a naked longing that made the words stick in Tony’s suddenly dry mouth. It was such romantic drivel. But the words had touched Tony all those years ago and there was something so wonderful about learning they had touched Stefen too.
, Herr Stark,” the captain said with a final nod as he turned to depart and Tony knew he shouldn’t but he was still smarting from the admiring expression Rogers had given him when he’d fully realized who he was, that blooming hope in his eyes bought with his father’s legacy.
“Very good Sir,” Herr Shultz answered with a nod of respect but Steve had already turned, headed for the elevators.
“Are they experimenting on people?” Tony asked, part way through hauling open his trunks and rifling through them. Steve froze in the bedroom doorway.
He shrugged the shirt he wore aside with Stefen’s help, his large hands pushing the sides down over Tony’s shoulders with a chuckle as the monk shivered, the cold air pebbling his skin. Stefen shifted closer on the bed, turning his body into Tony’s until the space between them was radiating with his own body heat, his hot breath delicious on Tony’s chilled skin as Stefen pressed barely there kisses against his neck.
James shrugged and wrapped his arms tightly around Bucky's midsection as if to make up for the words even as he said them, “No, she just likes Tony more!”
“Shut up.” Tacha hissed, glaring at Peter, and Ian flinched. Did she not think he could do it? That hurt. Ian didn't think he’d be so bad at being…a leader. Maybe.
Tony’s heart dropped down somewhere into his stomach, his whole body going still as the fire crackled and popped and the silence that came over the campsite broiled thickly with tension. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Natacha slowly sit up and could feel the heat of her glare in her little brother’s direction. But for once James only seemed to have eyes for his father, his jaw set stubbornly, blue eyes meeting blue without flinching.
“Your underclothes, Artur.” Steve corrected, helping pull Artur’s shirt up over his head after a moment of watching him struggle. He discarded it in the growing pile with the rest of the children's clothes.
“Then we should do it,” he decided, looking to Stefen once more and the captains mouth pulled down in a tense frown of worry.
Damn him, Tony thought, damn his secrets and his giant wall of contradictions. If he had any idea what
“Except that if your information is correct, my husband is now deeply involved in a dangerous experiment that he cannot condone; but you know better than anyone the Reich leaves us with few choices. Conformity or rebellion is all there is Stefen. And much as I would like there to be, there is no middle ground. Not here.”
in. His eyes caught on the white streams of crystallized sap streaming down the trunk of a nearby tree, following it down to the thin layer of needles and the small brown lumps of cones that blanketed the snow at its base.
"Stark has gone missing?" both men turned, surprised to find Baroness Schrader standing behind them, her fingers clutching tightly to the handle of her purse as she glanced worriedly between them.
Sam lowered his hat, the brim obscuring his face and held out his hand. In fourteen years Steve couldn't remember shaking Sam’s hand, except perhaps during his initial hire. It felt hollow now, shaking his hand in thank you for his service as a grounds keeper and not as the friend he'd been.
