When Mycroft had introduced her to James Moriarty, Mummy was disposed against the match. Moriarty was unobjectionable, but a Holmes Omega could do so much better. Sherlock could have been bonded with royalty! Or any of a number of billionaires. For a healthy, young, fertile,
Sherlock needed to rediscover his power. I needed to give him the control he had been robbed of in prison.
Sherlock touched my hand and I took his in mine as we lay side by side. I felt giddy with happiness.
Inside hospital I heard Mycroft’s imperious voice. I stifled a sob – I hadn’t thought to hear him again. His orders and directives sounded like childhood... like home ... I steeled myself for his scrutiny, knowing I’d see my failure in his eyes. It didn’t matter – much. As long as he didn’t tell John, it didn’t matter.
At my first sight of Mary, I know – I KNOW! – that she’s in love with John. I cannot describe the mixture of jealousy, loathing and pleasure that knowledge inspires in me. I feel simultaneously insecure and triumphant. I want to cling to John, to reassure myself that he is mine. To rub Mary’s nose in the fact that he is mine.
"Sports doctor invented it for endurance athletes – Tour de France types. It's supposed to stimulate circulation and recovery in between stages, innit."
He was glad he’d decided to take Dr. Mahon’s advice and take the rest of the semester off – he could have a lie-in tomorrow.
“No! I don’t care what you want. Or what you ‘hope.’ I don’t care. You don’t get to walk back in here and tell me that you love me! It’s too late! It was too late the second you stepped off that roof. How could you make me think you’d killed yourself!? Do you know how guilty I’ve felt? How I blamed myself! Wondering how I could have missed that you were suicidal!? Thinking I should have done more, I should have known! It was cruel, Sherlock. Needlessly, horribly cruel! How could you do that to ME?!”
John nodded – though Sherlock could still feel his guilt – and poured shampoo in his hand. He began to massage Sherlock’s scalp with it, working it into a lather as Sherlock moaned his appreciation. He didn’t even care that the shampoo smelled cheap, as long as John kept touching him that way.
“Can you even stand? I don’t think you’ll be much of a challenge. But I brought this, just in case HE decides to give me any trouble.”
"Oh, he's perfectly able to tell you to go to hell – he WILL tell you to go to hell. John's depression is very likely to cause him to try to isolate himself. He will use his mistrust and your guilt as a wedge to drive you away. But you can't let him."
“I’m home.” John called, snapping Sherlock out of his reverie – he must have lost track of time after Mycroft left, it was getting dark out already.
He didn't react how I'd imagined, neither pitying me, scorning me, nor – as in my most cherished fantasies – embracing me and kissing me with an erotic fervour that matched my own.
“I would expect them to find a more secure place for the infirmary after you raided it, in any case.” Sherlock said.
“We’re already giving him antibiotics. Clean them thoroughly.” I felt a stethoscope on my back, then on my chest.
They didn't have sex that night. But Shane stayed over. (John changed the sheets without comment.) In the morning Shane wrapped his legs around John's hips and John's cock was happy to come out and play. Their lovemaking was sweet and then suddenly it was savage, Shane bit down on John's nipple, the pain an electric jolt straight to his prick and he had pounded Shane's arse, ignoring his gasps and cries until he was cumming.
“The police... the police said it was suicide... but it wasn’t.” She railed. “It couldn’t be! He had all sorts of things in the works. He had plans with Seb that evening! I’d been with him that morning and he was good! He didn’t kill himself – there was no note... he didn’t even have a will... suicide doesn’t make sense!” Mary was upset – angry and confused and sad... I understood better than I liked.
When I finished, Sherlock seemed deep in thought. I was content to sit quietly with my tea – I was WITH Sherlock. Sitting with him like this, as he digested the information, made my heart ache. I missed him so much!
“Come on, John. It can’t be surprising that someone as oblivious and uncivilized as I might not be considered ‘a good catch.’”
"Yes." Bob affirmed. "He says that you are his best friend and that you will be living together when he goes home from hospital – that you lived together for several years previously and know each other well."
In the days since, Sherlock had learned that John was the rare Alpha who regarded Omegas as full human beings. He wasn’t like Mycoft who claimed to respect Sherlock’s personhood – and to be fair, he had advocated for Sherlock loudly and often, getting him into a school no Omega had ever attended and feeding his insatiable curiosity with books and microscopes and other un-Omega-like things – whilst he micromanaged Sherlock’s life.
"John..." All my frustrations came pouring out. "You said we'd work out the details! But we haven't! I don't know what you expect of me!? I don't know what you want! I know you're straight – you've reminded everyone often enough! Where does that put us?! Do you envision a... an affectional relationship?! Where we have sex on the side?! Or do you think we should give up sex entirely?! Because I don't think I can–"
“Then I met him. He was incredible. Just an astonishing genius. One look and he knew... everything ...about me. And he changed everything. He went out of his way... he did things purposely to make my life better. This amazing person... no reason he should be interested in ME at all. But he was.
The trail led up the cliff. We climbed for what seemed like a long time, the wind shoving at us and the rain making it hard to see very far. Everything was dank and gray.
I took Sherlock by the hand and pulled him towards the stairs – not even feeling the ache in my hip. At the top, I turned, equal in height for once, and pinned him against the wall. I felt his erection pressing into my thigh and I laughed into our kiss – this was crazy! Me and Sherlock! Lovers! Why had I waited so long?!
Sherlock was already texting Dusette, warning her to stay clear of Baker Street after all. "He's a trained sniper - if he wanted to kill us, we'd be dead already."
Or he had. I was no longer certain he still felt that way. And that was... depressing. I wanted him now. I hadn't been able to imagine it before – I'd never allowed myself to imagine it. I wanted his skin under my palms, his nipples under my tongue, his neck under my mouth, his body moving beneath mine. I wanted to fall asleep sated, pressed against him, our legs entwined. I wanted to wake up next to him, his face the first thing I saw...
I was hungry. I’d forgotten that ravenous feeling after really good sex. I hadn’t felt it in so long... I guess the sex I’d been having the past few years was nothing more than adequate. It had been more than just a few years.
John looked at his pale and graying fingers. He could ALMOST feel them, almost make them move... but that was a trick of his mind. It was dead. John felt despair crushing in on him.
And John didn’t. He pushed harder now, rougher, forcing himself against the back of Sherlock’s throat. Sherlock clung to John’s hips, still trying to take more. John pulled back and Sherlock tasted the salty pre-come again. Then he thrust gently back into Sherlock and he was fucking Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock was so hard – he dropped a hand to his own cock and stroked it, letting John control the blow job, enjoying it thoroughly.
I could barely believe this was happening, but I was soaring. I pulled him closer, grabbing at his back and his hips, feeling his sturdiness, his strength as he ravaged my mouth.
I couldn't go to Hampstead Heath today. Not in the cold and treacherous ice. Not with my hip aching, pain spiking with every step.
Moran flicked his wrist, landing a stinging blow on the head of John's cock. The ropes bit hard as John cringed and flexed trying vainly to get away from the flail.
Sherlock watched John as he tried to act naturally with it – to neither hide nor feature it. But no matter what he did, people stared at the prosthetic with expressions of mingled curiosity and horror.
“Don’t talk like that. Just tell me, when you’ve finished with Moriarty’s people, you’ll come back.”
"Oh, Victor! I missed you so much! It's been hell pretending I don't even like you..." Gereth murmured.
John did as he was told, taking his trousers down and slipping them off. He sat on the sofa, wearing only a t-shirt, hoodie and a jockstrap.
Lestrade produced a bottle of rather nice whisky from the pocket of his coat and set it on the table. I got a couple glasses out and reached for the whisky.
“Listen… a while ago, a friend of mine got cancer. He had a partner – they’d been together for years, shared a flat, shared everything. But when he got sick, my friend wanted to be alone. He broke up with his partner, asked him to move out. Upset their entire life. I thought his partner would be …devastated. But he wasn’t. He knew it wasn’t about how much my friend did or didn’t love him, it was about the cancer. He needed to be alone to deal with it. He moved out, but he made sure my friend knew he could call anytime if he ever needed anything, big or small.
“There’s an Inspector Lestrade who needs to speak to you – to you both.” Mycroft said, dropping his sharp gaze back to the floor again. “I’ve asked him to wait a few days... but if you could...” He had a business card in his hand and held it out fractionally.
“I was in a children’s home until I was eighteen...” She resumed her story without looking at me. “Then I was on my own. I was living in a squat with a bunch of other people, waiting tables when I could. Getting high. I was nothing and if had been up to me I would have stayed nothing.”
Sherlock's hopes soared - and he realized how very unhappy he'd been. Chances were great that John did NOT want to reconcile, Sherlock shouldn't allow himself to hope. The disappointment would be crushing. But he couldn't help himself. He hoped.
Movement in the corner of his eye. Immediately on guard, Lestrade scanned the fire escape, the windows in the building adjacent, the roofline over their heads — there! A CCTV camera was turning towards them. Lestrade waved.
Gereth, however, fought the police, hurling invective one moment, screaming for his sister to help him the next, and wailing for Victor. Ultimately, he was strapped to a stretcher and taken to have the injuries John had inflicted treated.
"Mm." Sherlock buried several nasty retorts and settled for noncommittal. Bruno, as Sherlock was constantly reminded, was a good man. "You know John will lose his hand."
But trying to imagine NEVER kissing Sherlock again, never touching him like this, never waking up beside him again seemed equally impossible. More, never drinking tea with Sherlock again, taking clients, going out together to investigate, sitting together quietly, reading or watching telly... John had missed it all so much.
“OK, calm down.” I said, patting his shoulder. “I can close the curtains downstairs now. We can sleep in our own bed tonight.” The thought was insanely comforting.
John didn’t know where his mate was. That worried him immensely. "In the dark..." Sherlock should be here with him! But he wasn't alone, at least he wasn't alone. The presence of the other was comforting. “He’s with... Lestrade...” He managed.
I wanted to protest that I was nothing like him. “I haven’t much experience with rifles.” I said instead. “Especially game rifles.”
I shrugged. It was ridiculously easy to pick up men for sex – it didn't matter what I said. I spied Lestrade coming our way. "I'll tell you whatever you want to know – later."
“But I was impatient. I wanted Magnussen’s files – I wanted to get the whole thing over with. I must have made her suspicious. I noticed the change in her behavior towards me immediately, but she was smart. She covered by pursuing me. Sexually. Which you already know, I couldn’t...
A doctor appeared at some length. John’s retching had slowed, but not subsided. He heard her prescribe an anti-nausea medication and out of the corner of his eye, he saw the nurse inject it into his I.V. Relief was glacial, but eventually John’s stomach stopped heaving.
John turned red – and I believe he saw red too. I knew the jibe would hit, but not that it would hit him so hard.
This is why he didn't eat when he was on a case, this disgusting, fuddled feeling. He took a short cold shower and a long hot shower (as long as he could with the hotel's limited water heater) and dressed carefully as a foppish, young card shark with a long blonde ponytail and fussy facial hair. Sherlock set out for the first of the card playing venues where Moran had, according to Google, won at poker.
“Dr. Mahon! Yes, thank you.” The doctor opened the door for John. In the doorframe, he turned to thank her again and saw that she was with a tall, willowy woman and a teenaged girl. Both had long auburn hair, but the girl had Dr. Mahon’s warm, brown eyes. He could smell the willowy woman’s sweet caramel scent, Dr. Mahon’s musty clove overlaying it pleasingly. The girl must have worn a suppressant as she had no scent at all. She certainly looked like an Omega with her slight frame and heart-shaped face.
He moved out of the pensioners' hotel and into the artists' garret bolt hole. With the heat and electricity turned on and a real bed, it was quite cozy. His disguise was only paint splattered jeans and t-shirts and a green stocking cap, otherwise he looked like himself, black curls, blue eyes and all. He wore a peacoat with the collar up and a modest jumper that reminded him of John.
“You’re the first person to say that. The first person to see ME.” That wasn’t true – I had said as much, and more. But I stayed as quiet and still as possible, my eyes downcast, willing Mary to forget about me.
Lestrade chuckled. “He said you’d say that. He told me to tell you that everyone needs looking after sometimes.” He paused. “John, this might be out of line, but ... he gave the impression that you two were...”
“John, Moriarty is dangerous. I couldn’t bear it if anything happened to you. I would do anything to keep you safe.”
"Sherlock, calm down. Please." I cupped his head and pressed my lips against his hard, trying to hold him still... he stopped struggling, but he wept harder. I eased him back into the water. "There." I said. "Relax. I'm here... I'm not going anywhere."
...and stumbled over the cord to the space heater. Lestrade saw it happening as if in slow motion, the taller man teetering...
It was all new to me. I undertook to study it, to catalog the different sorts of quarrels we might have, how John reacted, how it made me feel.
John hurriedly loosened the buckle and slipped his right arm out of the harness. He pulled the prosthesis loose from his left arm and set it carefully on the end table. Then he rolled the cushioning sock off his stump, conscious of Shane's eyes on the truncated arm. He had a sudden sense memory of running the fingers of his left hand through Shane's chestnut hair, grabbing a fistful as he plunged his cock into Shane's mouth – it brought tears of grief and rage to his eyes.
“The sad fact is that most Alphas survive their Omegas, but Omegas almost never survive their Alphas. Sometimes a bonded pair comes through here together… and those Alphas… their brains are
“John?” It was Lestrade. I suddenly realised how close Mary and I were sitting, that we were holding hands. I sat back, putting my hands in my lap.
“Still a little bruised, but the swelling is gone. It barely hurts now. See?” We had arrived at a well-lit door and she turned her face to me. Her eye and cheek had the tail end of fading bruises, green shadows with purple accents – the stubborn subcutaneous blood that lingered. It was barely noticeable – I was much more aware of her red lips and laughing brown eyes.
these Omegas. Their instincts would now be telling them to bond with John. That was a complication he had never considered. He cleared his throat, turning to survey the young Omegas. Their wide, round eyes stared back at him with a combination of fear, hope and admiration.
And Jason, a man he'd met four times. He had always LIKED Jason – pilots, like surgeons, had that unshakable calm in the face of (external) disaster. And he was dashing and handsome and very masculine – with a touch of the vitality that made his cousin, Shane, so attractive to John. Jason had made no secret that he was impressed with John, more impressed than John felt he merited.
John saw Shane’s eyes traveling to where his left hand used to be. John still hadn’t looked and he hated Shane for looking. He closed his eyes. He felt the prick of tears and hated Shane even more. John didn’t want to be seen right now.
“Of course I do.” John said. “The real question is... why did you ever bother with ME, Sherlock? Let alone, fall in love?” He must have heard my ambivalence and thought it was about him.
Sherlock paced uneasily around the room. If Moran hadn't been certain Sherlock still lived before, he was as soon as Shane had called. Nothing for that now.
“Brilliant.” John said, smiling at the handsome boy. Alfred glowed, smiling back shyly. John turned away, embarrassed.
His adrenaline and his base instincts had made him forget the Omegas whilst he fought – forget everything
“Hey.” I said, putting my arms around him, trying to comfort him. “We’ll stop him. We’re in this together, remember.”
break him, using the empathetic bond as a weapon – Sherlock would feel what Jim felt, however abhorrent. As much as Sherlock had always scoffed at the idea of being cherished by his bondmate, he saw now how much it mattered. Jim would not cherish Sherlock. Jim would use him and abuse him until there was nothing left. Sherlock was strong and very, very smart – it would take a long time for Jim to crush his spirit, to wring all the life from him. Jim would enjoy every second.
The smuggler looked weary. “That what got you in here? You just another junkie? Yeah, I can get it.”
My own prick was hard and straining painfully against my jeans – I hadn’t bothered with pants when I’d dressed after our dalliance, and I regretted it now.
“Don’t bother.” Sherlock told Shane. Despite his lackadaisical tone, adrenaline jolted through Sherlock’s system. It flushed the fuzz from his brain, sharpened his thoughts and envigoured his limbs. There was nothing like fear to cure the common concussion. “He knows we know.”
Instead, John picked up Shane’s hand and caressed it. “I think I’m too drunk.” He said. “But maybe next time?”
"It makes a difference, Sherlock. All right, all right, fine. Just promise me you won't sulk or throw tantrums when I go see Shane."
He set them carefully on the highboy and flopped down on his bed. All he’d done for two weeks was lie in bed and the first thing he did on coming home was lie down. Pathetic.
"I was far from JUST a kid." I told him. "I went to the woods for sex, just like everyone else. You weren't the first man I met there." He still looked tortured. "Stop with the self-flagellation, Victor. I wanted you. You didn't hurt me." I felt impatient.
Then he moved to the closet and sorted quickly through the dark suits, choosing the black one that Sherlock had liked best – the cut was slightly slimmer than the others, and it showed off his lean physique to great advantage.
"Yes." Sherlock bit off tersely. "Moran." He said to John. "Colonel Sebastian Moran. Did you encounter anyone with that name? Possibly in Afghanistan? Or in the Army generally?"
I missed my asexual Sherlock. I didn't know what to make of this suddenly sexual person with piercings on his sexy bits and his tongue in someone else's mouth.
Could Sherlock do that? Pretend that John had never touched him, never made love to him, never cum inside him? Pretend he'd never seriously proposed marriage? Pretend that Sherlock was not in love with him? Could John do that?!
“Hurry up!” I shouted. She would give me the morphine. Opiate withdrawal was dangerous, they wouldn’t risk letting me go ‘cold turkey.’
I wanted to let myself be happy still. But with orgasm my guilt and doubt returned. It was dark now, I couldn’t see John’s face ... it might be easier to talk. We still needed to talk.
And I felt ill-will towards Victor because of it. What did he think he was doing!? And why was Sherlock letting him?
Two techs came and displaced the bondmates next to the girl’s body. Sherlock stood and turned slowly in a circle, surveying the area. It was a vast wasteland bordered on one side by the Thames and distant warehouses and Victorian era tenements on the others.
The first viewing had been painful to watch – his younger brother sprinting down the blind alley, a blonde businesswoman in pursuit. She pinned him to the wall almost directly below the camera, ripping his coat off and exposing his neck. He’d fought her, of course, Sherlock was feisty for an Omega, but the coat tangled his hands and then bunched under his feet tripping him up.
They'd spent the day together, the two of them, reading quietly on the couch, John's feet tucked under Shane's thigh. They'd walked to an Indian place for curry that evening and John remembered he had a stalker. He'd got Sherlock and a stalker all at once. Something else to be angry about.
Sherlock heard voices in the hallway. He closed the cabinets and chose a chair close to the fireplace.
I sagged. I couldn’t stop the tears from flowing afresh. It was too soon. It would always be too soon. John felt it, he held me more tightly. “It’s OK.” He whispered in my ear. “I know you’re alive and I know you’ll be back.”
"We were supposed to meet for dinner... oh god, at seven. He never showed up, he didn't answer his phone. I went to his flat, he wasn't there, but I found his phone. Mrs. Hudson said she saw him around ten a.m. when she went up to dust and run the hoover."
He couldn’t see John from his vantage point – which was probably a good thing. Watching John having an intimate conversation with his lover over a leisurely meal was not top of Sherlock’s agenda. He ground his teeth at the thought. Definitely good he couldn’t see them.
“Not in a bad way.” Sherlock told him. Maybe he should feel belittled, constrained, that he had to give himself to someone – an Alpha, the source of all his problems – to ever be safe. And he always had chafed against the very idea. So what if he were an Omega! It was just biology! He was a person – an incredibly intelligent, independent, strong-minded person! He was a genius and a scientist! He was valuable for far more than his bloody womb and pesty pheromones. If it were possible to survive the removal of the offending parts or even to suppress the intolerable heats, not just his scent, he would have done so in a second.
"I'm.... I'm crippled now." John said softly. "Maimed. I won't be the same. You'll feel differently."
"You have a fever." I told him. "That's all. You're sick. Let me get a cold cloth, it'll feel good."
Then the Omega looked up at her and his face hardened into the surly lines of her infuriating son. She struggled with her disappointment – there was no use wishing Sherlock had been an Alpha, dwelling on how different everything would be if he were...
Sherlock laughed. "When I left the toilets, you were right there. I WANTED you so much. I think I turned bright red."
“Right.” John stared at his lunch, appetite gone. “You told Dr. Mahon to look out for Molly, didn’t you?”
“Do you think that your bonding has something to do with how you’re feeling now? Out of control?” Sholto asked.
“The will doesn’t favour her, so no. From what she said, Sir Afan’s widow shares her suspicions. They seem to be rather tight.”
I did, stripping them down his legs. Then shoved my own trousers down and off, pants included. I felt exposed, suddenly, uncomfortably so. I quickly straddled John again and lay on top of him. I felt less vulnerable this way.
With a cry, Sherlock erupted in his mouth and John pressed himself down, forcing the next spurt, and the next, down his throat. He held his mate still, caressing his flanks as he trembled.
If it was a strange existence for John, Sherlock took it in stride. He’d grown up in a lavish home surrounded by servants after all. The Omega’s main objection was being, as he called it, ‘under Mycroft’s thumb.’ John simply didn’t like being beholden. They needed to find a place of their own.
I listened desultorily to Vino and his men talking. Hulk, my former cellmate, walked by and cuffed me with a rude snigger. He didn’t have the privilege of sitting at Vinokourov’s table, but he sat adjacent. He and his mates laughed at me, catcalling and making jokes. Someone threw something and it hit me in the back.
I dodged the punch again, leaning away. I hit him in the kidney as I swung around behind him and I boxed his ears before he could correct and turn to face me.
Despite their dead comrade, the two villains were laughing, toying with the copper. Lestrade swung wildly, missing both Alphas. It was a matter of seconds before they subdued him.
John showed up to Alpha-chi one day, a few months in, with a shiner and bruises on his knuckles. Sholto took him aside.
Wallog was enormous. We arrived after 19:00, but even in the dark, it was intimidating – the sort of place where they make Jane Austen films or is converted to a posh hotel or exclusive sanatorium. I could hear the ocean waves crashing, a constant dull roar, and smell the salt in the air as we approached along an avenue of trees. We passed the largest shrubbery I’d ever seen. It was like a wall.
Sherlock grimly stood thinking he should feign weakness – only to find himself clutched awkwardly in Shane’s arms, the wheelchair still between them. “Dizzy,” He mumbled, trying to push himself upright using Shane’s chest.
Shane had clothes for him – boxer briefs (Shane's taste in pants WAS in line with many gay men's – bright yellow with a thick red waistband that said 'covermale'), vest, white dress shirt and brown trousers. Sherlock donned it all wondering if Shane even owned black trousers. It fit well enough. In the main room, Shane handed him an overcoat and they ran down the stairs together, Shane's brown wavy hair looking great despite being wet.
They turned off the busy street into a neighborhood. “Do you want to talk about your friend?” Shane asked.
I debated forcing the issue, knocking on his bedroom door and going in. But I wanted to respect his privacy. We’re in each other’s pockets all the time, I don't want to press too hard. He'll tell me when he's ready.
“No.” Dr. Phelps said turning her attention back to John. “Gangrene is dangerous. We’d take the hand before that happened. But we aren’t at that point yet. As I said, there are some therapies we should try first.”
What would happen when Sherlock fell in love with someone who DIDN'T reject him? What would happen to me when he rekindled his relationship with Victor? Sherlock would go off and I'd be trapped again, trapped in unending, empty corridors.
My prick had softened somewhat while we'd rested, but he was at full attention now. John propped himself on one elbow. His hand found my swollen cock and stroked it between us. He thumbed the wet slit, pressing against my Prince Albert in ways that made me gasp and throb, and smeared the fluid down my shaft, lubricating the friction. I thrust into his fist, holding him close with my leg. I was in heat, I needed him! I bit his lip, harder than he liked and he squeezed my cock painfully. I cried out in ecstasy.
“Finally! You brought my mi –“ Sherlock broke off as he rounded the corner and saw me. “John.” He said softly. “John!”
With my head on John’s chest, his fingers gently combing through my hair, I tell him. “I dreamed I jumped off the roof of St. Bart’s. I was dead. I was dead, but I knew what was going on around me. You were there… you couldn’t find my pulse…”
It was WONDERFUL! I held him in my arms all night long. I ran my fingers through his short hair and rubbed his back until he fell asleep, then I watched him breathe for a long time before I fell asleep myself. I hoped – I prayed! – that we would be sleeping together from now on. No more separations short or long.
Those hands were between his legs now, probing, finding. Sherlock writhed, but made himself stay where he was, under Moran. He heard Moran’s belt clink – he was opening his trousers. It would happen soon. Sherlock dug his fingers into the tiger’s fur – the beautiful, murdered tiger… he felt Moran’s erection pressing against his arse…
John paused and was about to deny it, but Sherlock had felt the knowledge – the existence of the knowledge – through the link.
"Of course." Sherlock said. He pulled John against his chest despite the wet. John buried his face in Sherlock's shoulder. He smelled good. He smelled like home.
Lestrade smiled, the skin around his eyes crinkling with pleasure. “My brilliant soulmate.” He said and kissed Mycroft again. “It’s not right, is it, to be so happy… with everything that’s going on.”
I cowered, my eyes downcast and my arms limp, affecting surrender. But I was searching for an opening – any opening. I wouldn’t make this easy for them.
“Sit with me?” I said, happy to see my words erase the uncertainty in his face. He slid down beside me and I snuggled close. Sherlock almost purred with contentment. He kissed my head.
“However," Mycroft continued. "I did learn that he apprenticed with an IRA bomb maker for a while – until she turned up dead. That was a bit of a theme, almost everyone with whom he had a relationship died or disappeared – including his parents and his sister.” The Alpha clutched his umbrella. “I don’t know how I didn’t see it…”
“We discussed this, Sherlock. You can’t see him. He can’t know – for his own safety as well as yours. Otherwise, why did we go through this ridiculous charade?!”
Chances were he’d seen the entire exchange at the cocktail bar anyway – and if he hadn’t, Vaachaspati and the rest of the surveillance team would fill him in. They MUST have gotten a photo good enough to show the dry cleaner...
“Just very briefly, enough to see it was, indeed, my brother – he was taken directly to the operating theatre.
When he finally did find her, when he wrapped Harry in a sheet and carried her out of that place, she didn’t recognise him. But she didn’t fight him either. They’d crushed her spirit. She passively let him take her home.
I wanted it. I got to work cooking it, pulling an arm out of my coat, tying it off. For once, I found a vein quickly. I sighed with relief as I felt it travel through my body, erasing all my troubles. All except the gnawing worry that it wasn’t enough.
John was hard – they were both hard (a nice bonus of being with a man, no guessing if he were aroused too) – and Shane's hand groped him through his trousers.
I shook myself. I'd wanted John to believe I was something other than what I was. I wasn't ashamed... I'd simply hidden what would have put him off me. I'd been doing that for years – ever since University when I chose to partition my sex life from my professional life with surgical precision.
John must have seen his distress. “It was hard enough living here, I couldn’t have all your things around reminding me.” He was standing by the hearth in his pajamas, looking at Sherlock.
We stayed like that for a long while. John never seemed to tire of running his fingers gently through my curls. I dozed feeling safe and cared for.
“I’ve been working... I didn’t expect you to lose so much.” He rubbed my nipple between his fingers and I moaned.
Anwen nodded and visibly took hold of herself. “Thank you, John.” She said as a clock chimed. “Oh! Dinner in fifteen minutes. I’ll show you your rooms.”
"No." John nodded. He let silence stretch between us, waiting for me to acknowledge Victor. "You spoke to him." I said finally.
“I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Potential bondmates should know the worst about each other.”
John looked up at him, at the caring and anguish on his face... and he HATED... "Shane, I'm fine. Even if I'm not fine, I'm fine. And I need you to be fine too." Shane had always been there when John needed him, John felt like a shit for not being able to reassure him now. But these were extraordinary circumstances. John didn't want to feel shitty tonight.
“The placement suggests something more medical in nature.” Sherlock sniffed her hair, frowned, then sniffed again. “Chlorine.” He murmured. Then he moved her hair aside and carefully turned her head, exposing the back of her neck. He leaned as close to the scent gland as he could and inhaled.
I’d thought a lot about it while Sherlock was away, what it meant about me that I enjoyed dominating him sexually so very much... I’d come to the conclusion that at essence it was about taking care of him. He wanted to submit – isn’t that what he’d been doing with Officer Vaachaspati and the other men? Performing acts of submission? Perhaps it satisfied him on the same deep level that taking control satisfied me, but he needed someone who would never take advantage of that desire, someone who would always put his safety and his satiety first. Someone who adored him.
John twisted the plug and it scraped against my prostate. “Oh!” I moaned, pleasure coursing through my body.
"Mmm." I said, feeling interest throbbing in my groin – that was being sabotaged by the increasingly urgent demands of my bladder. “I have to slash.” I said, sitting up. I kissed Sherlock’s hand before I let it go. “Fancy a takeaway? I’m starving.”
Of Cam Magnussen there was little to say. Lestrade said he had no form. There was no reason to be suspicious of him other than his association with Moran. Lestrade had no excuse to watch him and lacked the manpower even if he did.
I shuddered with pleasure at the small movement. “Sherlock... fuck...” I was gripping him so tightly, he would have bruises. I leaned over and kissed his spine, smelling the scent of his skin, tasting the salt of the fine sweat that covered him.
"I don't know what I'm going to do." John said. "I hate being so dependent. I hate needing so much help with every little goddamn thing."
He blinked at me. “Right. Ok.” He shed the big, white parka and sat by the fire, stretching his feet towards it. I greeted the proprietor and ordered two cups of English breakfast.
Anwen grabbed the naked boy by his upper arm and hauled him off the bed, his pecker flapping. But she was looking at a Victor. "How could you?!" She demanded. "He's fifteen!"
“– but if Moriarty thinks you’ve been disloyal to me, he’d punish you. He hates disloyalty. John, trust me on this.”
"John..." Sherlock pet his hair gently. "You've been in bed for three days." He said. "I'm... I'm worried about you." The admission seemed to surprise him.
The past tense felt like a punch in the solar plexus, all the air gone from my lungs in an instant, leaving me gasping.
I hadn’t handled an assault rifle in years. I’d HAD one. I knew how to use it, how to care for it. But I’d always preferred a handgun.
Lestrade was far from confident that left alone, Sherlock wouldn’t pick the lock and unbuckle the ball gag, allow John to infect him with whatever this was.
John felt his cockhead breach and Oh God it felt AMAZING without a condom. He wanted to shove in and start thrusting immediately.
?” He asked when he’d gained the deck. “You said you’d never had sex before we bonded.” His own emotions crowded the empathetic link making it impossible for John to know what his Omega was feeling.
Sherlock fit another finger into himself, frigging in and out. “Oh John...” He moaned. “Touch me.” He eased a fourth finger in, his big hand making his hole gape.
) But his joy was short-lived. The stocky woman slammed into him and John found himself fighting her. John had had training in close-quarters fighting at boot camp and his semi-annual sojourns with the RAMC (he had to pay for medical school somehow and the army had offered in return for his service) and it served him now just as much as his inborn Alpha aggression. He fought off the woman but was immediately attacked by two more Alphas. For a minute it was glorious, pure Alpha adrenaline channeled through his fists…
But Shane was here, John and Shane... Sherlock sank to the bottom and tried to still his shaking hands. He needed a hit, he needed to score, he needed the wonderful, glorious, soaring numbness in his veins...before he jumped...
The train to Aberystwyth took four and a half hours. I used some of the time to try and placate Mariah. She wasn’t happy that I’d broken our date for  that night.
Shane guided John to the bed. "Lay down." He whispered, nuzzling John's ear. It made his skin prickle delightfully. He stretched out on Shane's bed, head on the pillows, and relaxed.
Sherlock swayed drunkenly. The last Alpha was wrestling with Lestrade, the two men in a tense embrace. The Omega was strong – stronger than the Alpha on a regular day. But Lestrade wasn't at his best – the blood on his face indicated a head wound, probably a concussion. The way his eyes focussed and unfocussed, Sherlock suspected he was seeing double.
Magali Dusette wasn't a burglar, she was an artist. Sherlock believed there wasn't a building she couldn't enter given enough time and effort. They had met a number of years ago when she had burgled a house in which a murder took place at or near the same time. The husband was accused of murdering his wife and trying to defraud their insurance company by claiming they had been burgled. The police found no sign of a break in, but they also couldn't find where he had hidden the missing jewelry. Sherlock was able to see how the break in had happened and cleared the husband of the jewelry theft/insurance fraud. He had, of course, killed his wife, Sherlock proved that too.
And then he was falling. He'd jumped from St. Bart's and he was falling and he couldn't stop the tears from falling around him – it was a mistake! He could find another way to save John, to foil Moriarty! A way that didn't entail leaving John behind.
John struggled less, having taken advantage of the hours before midnight to nap (next to me in bed, a warm yet separate presence). But he had a harder time keeping still, shifting his legs and wiggling his fingers so much I wanted to hiss at him to stop. I restrained myself.
Mary’s eyes flashed with anger... but then sobered into sadness. “You’re right.” She said. “He’s gone and nothing will change that.” She sounded desolate.
That wasn't true. It was all Sherlock's fault. If he hadn't dragged the army doctor along on his cases, John would be whole now. Clinically depressed perhaps, but whole. Sherlock would most likely be dead – several times over – but John would have both hands.
I could see she was wavering. She had to know that shooting Mrs. Hudson would turn him against her irrevocably – and she didn’t want that. She had been resigned to it, but she didn’t want it. She wanted John – she had been painstakingly conditioned to want him. I could see that against her better judgement his soft words ignited a flaring of hope inside her.
I pulled out abruptly, a long trail of saliva stretching between John's mouth and my prick as I leaned back. I huffed in frustration.
“Are you really a doctor?” She asked when I gave her a handful of ice wrapped in a tea cloth for her cheek.
“Anwen’ll be up with soup in a minute.” He said, his eyes lingering on Sherlock’s thin form. “If you need anything, John, just yell.”
"The body of a man identified as Terrence 'Taz' Blymore, was found in Olden Road near St. Mary's Church early Saturday morning. The cause of death is unknown pending autopsy, but police on the scene reported that Blymore did not have any visible injuries. A police spokesman declined to speculate whether Blymore's death was related to that of Maxim L. Favreau, a French citizen, who was also found lifeless in the vicinity of St. Mary's three months prior. It was determined that Favreau died of GBH poisoning under suspicious circumstances."
It was loud and they both jumped. Sherlock frowned – visitors would buzz the street door… who would be inside the building? His first thought was the girlfriend, but he rejected it even before John’s negation. It was Mycroft. Of course, it was Mycroft.
“I don’t think I have ever told you… Gregory…” Mycroft seemed to be tasting the name. “How grateful I have been for your care of Sherlock — you have been very good for him. Without you… I am not confident my brother would still be amongst the living.”
"Shhh, John..." Shane tried to calm him - but he'd never seen John like this. John never fell apart. "Sherlock can take care of himself."
At dinner I laughed. I hadn’t laughed – really laughed – since Sherlock jumped off the roof of St. Barts. It felt amazing.
Lestrade yanked Mycroft’s vest from his trousers, running his hands underneath, feeling the muscles of his back and the slight softness of his abdomen. He pushed it up and Mycroft shucked it, tousling his auburn hair. Lestrade grinned and pulled his own vest over his head. Then they pressed together, bare chest to chest, Lestrade learning the other man’s curves and angles with his fingertips.
The mildest type was characterized by slight irritation. John might say, “Stop fussing over me.” – but he said it fondly. I knew he liked the attention, it just embarrassed him.
“I just... I don’t know what to say. I don’t know what to do. Things can’t be the way they were, not after this... this betrayal. But all I’ve wanted for two years is to have that back...”
Sherlock's 'yes' was so unexpected, John needed time to regroup. He'd gone running to come to grips with it.
John washed his hands when he’d finished, then handed Sherlock a toothbrush still in its packaging. John put paste on his electric toothbrush and handed the tube to Sherlock. They cleaned their teeth.
"It does, doesn't it. Unless one is greatly in need of £50,000." I'd spent almost no time with the three brothers – I saw Victor for the first time in twenty-five years right before I met them and had formed almost no impression of them myself. John had told me of his conversations with Gereth and Victor, but Selwyn and Geraint were little more than outlines – the surly ponce and the chubby toff, respectively.
I thought better of it. I was 41, not 21. I was too responsible to fuck anyone without a condom. I respected him – all partners – too much to use them so selfishly. And I knew if I went upstairs for a condom, I’d be distracted by the time and having to get ready for work. No, some morning I’d fuck Sherlock over the bog sink – after work I would supply the medicine cabinet with lube and rubbers – but not today.
“From their medical records, the murdered Omegas didn’t have the ideal genetic profile, so their eggs were considered unusable.” Mycroft said without inflection. “And they weren’t able, for whatever reason, to bring a healthy baby to term.”
separating them, but Sherlock had assured him his family would be as intrusive as they possibly could. John was flexible – Sherlock could stay with him in his little flat or John could stay at Sherlock’s. John was even willing to stay at the family manor – if he could ever get over the fact that Sherlock’s family had a manor!
But John had no fear. He crushed himself against me, his hands exploring my back and sides. I felt the rasp of his chest hair, the press of his nipples, the rapid beat of his heart. He was mine! John was mine!
“And conversely, to find Alphas that are trustworthy.” Lestrade extrapolated. “So you think John would have smelled ‘perfect’ no matter how you met him.”
I could barely breathe. Anger kept me from running after him, but I wanted to. I wanted to follow him, see for myself where he went.
"I think it's incomplete. In the next letter, I want you to focus on an apology – it's not enough to explain why you let him think you dead, you must be able to sincerely apologize for it."
It couldn't be worse. If John were the surgeon, he'd have already scheduled the surgery to take the hand. Not that John would EVER perform surgery again.
It was warmer in the station. The Baker Street station connected to five different lines... I could go anywhere quickly, if I had anywhere to go.
(Does she know that Mycroft gave Moriarty all the ammunition he needed to discredit Sherlock? She must!)
But Mycroft didn’t appear. I was whisked down hallways and through doors, the new doctor from the ambulance jogging beside me.
"Of course you can. But the physical therapist wants all the credit, doesn't she? So I can't let you."
"Jesus, yes! It was amazing. But, Sherlock, I don't want you to do something just because you think I'll like it..."
John had always been incredibly patient with me, forgiving of my rudenesses, only challenging me when it mattered. I listened to him not only because I loved him, but because I trusted him. Who else had I ever trusted so much?
Rosie was more interested in the shiny wrapping paper than the gift. Mummy, Father, Sherlock and John were all grinning foolishly.
John smiled, his eyes crinkling at the edges, and my heart swelled in my chest painfully. There was more silver threading through his copper hair, a hint more care in the lines on his face, but otherwise he looked very much the same in his jeans and jumper. But I knew underneath he was leaner, more muscular – obviously he’d been spending a lot of time working out. As much as I regretted that he’d HAD the time, (and as much as I missed the soft bit of padding over his abdomen) the thought of his hard body made my mouth water. I hadn’t thought I could find him MORE attractive...
Lestrade led Sherlock and John down an industrial corridor past uniformed officers and several of his fellow detectives. John felt Sherlock’s unseemly anticipation and was glad his mate at least looked somber. If his expression was more supercilious than grave, well, John would take it.
I forced myself up onto one elbow and slid to the side awkwardly, flopping next to him. His arm tightened around me. "I think I passed out." I said.
I had never seen a black man look ashen before. But Vic's sad eyes grew round and the colour drained from his face.
"Oh jesus...." John moaned. "Fuuuck!" He was sitting on the edge of my bed, legs spread, hands tense on his thighs. I stroked him slowly and looked up into his face. He licked his lips unconsciously and my erection strained against my trousers. I took his hand and kissed it, then placed it on my head, smiling a little. I swallowed him down again, savouring the weight of his hand. He had a fistful of my hair and I let him guide my head.
More worrisome, Sherlock hadn’t seemed to deduce my concern. (I tried to hide it, but expected Sherlock to see right through me as he always had.) He was blind to it, simply grateful that I still wanted him.
“It’s fine.” John said in a voice that implied it really WAS fine. “I’ll be right outside in the hall if you need me.” He caressed my cheek briefly, smiling at me, then left the room closing the door behind him.
It was so strange, Nazer abused me as much – more – than the rest. He thought nothing of punching me or fucking me raw. But he also seemed to care, in his own stunted way, about my well-being. “You had a dog.” I said as I sparked the lighter under the spoon. “You had a dog you loved. You took care of it. Big dog... bull terrier.” The breed was a guess, but it was a good one.
Moran’s phone buzzed and he pulled it from his pocket. He turned away and put it to his ear – and the outline of the handgun he’d tucked in his waistband showed. Sherlock couldn’t tell if John saw it. Moran turned back and downed his tea in one gulp. “The other one is up and antsy. Are we ready to go?”
I felt incredibly stupid – how I'd felt after seeing him kiss Victor Trevor. I'd forgotten that... idiotic of me. How had I got everything so wrong?
“Alfred?” The Omega boldly stepped up to John. “She’s almost conscious.” John observed. Can you hold onto her again?”
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, I'm sorry I left you alone here. I shouldn't have – with a killer on the loose! I... I was... remember that night, before you died – left, before you left – when we kissed. You ran. You got scared and you ran, that night and then you ran right off the roof of St. Barts...
Mike dragged him out for a pint. John didn't want to go, but it was Mike. Mike had brought he and Sherlock together. John felt like he owed Mike – rationally, he knew he didn't, Mike didn't do anything special. He just introduced two men, both in search of a roommate that each believed could not exist. Mike couldn't know how lonely they each were, how isolated. How much they would help each other. But it FELT like he owed Mike... more than just gratitude – he owed a debt. That Sherlock had died didn't cancel it out – on the contrary, it made what Mike had done even more precious.
Mycroft ventured out of the doorway into the flat. He picked up the manilla envelope and opened it, examining the contents. "Good. Excellent." He murmured.
“You’ll be watched by Moran or his people, of course. Take her to brunch at that place she likes on Marlebone road. In the café, make sure you sit with your back to the window. The deeper in the better. Order, then go to the gents, one of Mycroft’s men will be waiting for you. Swap coats with him – he’ll be roughly your height and build and they’ll style his hair like yours. He’ll take your place with Mrs. Hudson – protect her if need be.”
“No… John… there’s no reason… after a week or so when we can stand to be apart, there’s no reason for you not to see her…” Many bonded Alphas had Beta mistresses. Sherlock would have to get used to it. Somehow.
I couldn't accuse her of stalking me – other than the endless texts and emails (which I had stopped answering days ago), I had no proof.
I narrowed my eyes. “Mycroft called you.” I said. I wondered briefly what Lestrade might think about me laying in Sherlock’s bed. I realised I didn’t care.
I took a slug of my own lager and led Lestrade to a quiet corner. “So? Did you get a photo of Moran? What did the dry cleaner say?”
But this boy was thin and wasted, his ribs prominent, and his stick-like arms bruised from IVs and bondage. He wore a black heat harness that must have been fitted when he was healthier, it sagged from his neck and shoulders. He swayed a little, unsteady on his feet – from disuse, John realised, the young man had been restrained to a table for far too long. The cruelty of it made John furious.
For a moment she was nonplussed. Then her features firmed decisively. “Tell me what you took.” She demanded.
Lestrade sighed heavily. “My head hurts.” He mumbled. “Erm... Lieutenant Paul was going downstairs... followed them... saw... someone... down a long corridor... heard a door... I ran after him... that’s it. That’s all I remember.”
"I hate it. It's suffocating. Sherlock is so self-centered, it's not that bad... but Shane... what?"
Sherlock shrugged. "He's ok." He said it carelessly, but John understood what it cost Sherlock to say it.
Sherlock arrived with the food a few minutes before eight. Shane carefully got out of bed and helped Sherlock set up the rolling table wile John adjusted the bed and adjusted himself in the bed.
“That bite won’t stop me having you.” The Alpha snarled. “I won’t leave a mark, but you’ll feel it. You’ll feel everything.”
"No one noticed? That's... incomprehensible. I know how hospitals are run... and I've had nurses and techs and therapists up my arse day and night."
John disarmed the man closest to him, grabbing his gun hand and chopping his forearm, making him drop the gun, then John swung him around by the arm, twisting it, and shoved him, hard, against the wall by the door. The man struggled and John punched him twice in the kidneys. He cruelly twisted the man's arm farther up behind his back. The man cried out and John twisted harder. "Shut up!" He said.
She roared in rage and whirled, but Sherlock fell upon her, wrapping his long arm around her neck. He clubbed her again. And again. She went limp and Sherlock let her drop, almost going down with her.
“We’re here to see the body of a homicide victim brought in on the sixteenth.” Lestrade told him. “An Omega Jane Doe.”
Their mother had done her best – and John had tried too – but too often they had been mystified by the tiny, blonde mite. The doctor had simply handed their mother some pamphlets and sent them home.
She nodded in mild surprise. “Your kidney function is normal this morning.” She said, referring to John’s chart. “Heart rate is normal…blood pressure is better, but still slightly low.” She wrote something on the chart. “How is your pain?”
“Oi!” He grabbed at me and I let him catch me, let him drag me into a corner. I didn’t let him push me to my knees, though. I stayed at eye level as I gripped his balls and twisted them. He tried to shove me away, but I wrapped my other arm around his neck.
John received a text alert and pulled his phone from his pocket. "I have to go out again." He announced. From where I was, I could see it was another text from Mariah. My heart sank.
John was awake and alert - he had reacted when he heard Sherlock speak - but he lay unmoving. Sherlock slid off the table and stood next to Moran, his shoulder just skimming the other man's. They approached John – and Sherlock smelled him. He stank of urine and vomit. He saw the puddles on the rubbery fabric of the sling, and worse, saw blood. The ropes had dug in and rubbed his skin away. John must have been left alone like this for many hours.
I never expected my life to contain so much joy. When John looks at me, his love apparent on his mobile face, it’s almost intolerable, the amount of joy I am utterly filled with. It paralyses me, there is so much happiness. I cannot think or move. I would be turned to stone, except John, somehow – miraculous John! – unfreezes me with his touch. His hand on my waist or my cheek or just the lightest brush of our fingers and I am myself again… myself and so much more! I am Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective. But I am also SherlockandJohn. To my complete shock, I find myself valuing the latter more than the former.
“So, both were relatively young and healthy, both were recovering and both were due to be moved out of critical care.” John said with a frown. “Don’t angels of death usually target people who are suffering? People with terminal illness or old age for whom death could be perceived a mercy? This doesn’t fit the profile.”
I returned to Baker Street thirteen days later when Sherlock left hospital for rehab. Before he left, he invited me to go for a walk with him.
“Pregnancy.” Sherlock told him, his face set like stone. “Specifically, a difficult or non-viable pregnancy. I remember Papa had a bitter scent that Autumn.”
Shane nuzzled John's ear. "What do YOU want, John? What do you need? It's ok if you need time... or if you..."
John nodded. He’d saved the Omega. He could survive up there until the police arrived. If any other Alpha got to the top of the wall, he’d have to go through John before he or she could even attempt to get to the ladder.
The Omega was terrified. He shrank from John, crushing himself against the rough brick and it was enough – just barely enough – for John to come back to himself. His hormones were still raging, his blood running high, up-tempo disco still throbbed in his brain, he still wanted the Omega desperately… but for a moment he could think clearly.
He and the boyfriend were snogging passionately, making their way to the bed. John pulled his shirt off and the boyfriend – S.Bruno, presumably – leaned in to tongue a nipple and tug on the flies of John's jeans. John threw his head back and Sherlock could almost hear his moan as the boyfriend kissed his neck, nipped his jaw...
"It was a little village about two hundred klicks outside of Rishikesh. A tiger had been killing goats. Then she took a child. No one in the village felt safe, they kept their fires burning all night long, even though it was hot.
After that... Vinokourov was supposed to kill me. The heroin wouldn’t have mattered if he’d killed me. It was an escape from that hellish existence – I was plaything, whore, punching bag... I was utterly and completely debased. I took all the drugs they would give me whilst I awaited the comfort of death.
He just hadn’t realized that while he and Shane had been bickering about what to do and how to save him, Moran had tied John up and left him to slowly die from lack of blood flow. John’s left hand had died first.
Sherlock was experiencing a strange emotion – he was standing in the living room of 221b Baker Street, his home, and it felt wonderful to be there. Except everything that had been his was gone. His microscope, his skull, his books, his equipment, his files, his clippings taped to the wall, the ashtray he’d pilfered from Buckingham Palace... even his chair was gone.
John couldn’t help himself, as the Omega pulled out a handkerchief and dabbed the blood from the scratches on John’s face, he reached out and touched the lovely young man – Sherlock – resting his hands on his narrow waist and sighing.
Eventually, the street door buzzed. The takeaway had arrived. John displaced Sherlock from his chest and ran down the stairs to collect the food.
"He wasn't that sick!" The woman was insisting. "The doctor said he was recovering! He was going to be moved out of critical care today! He was coming home soon! He shouldn't be dead! He was getting better! "
"There's a fresh needle stick between his toes – left foot." John said. "And in the past two weeks, two other patients – patients who had been in hospital for several days with unrelated illness or injury – have died of GBH poisoning, and both had injection marks in odd places – one between her toes."
Sherlock gasped and moaned, my cock giving him pleasure. He wrapped his legs around my waist, his toes curling. I propped myself up on my elbows and he caressed my arms and torso as I fucked him.
“Oh. He sounds... outgoing.” I said awkwardly. I didn’t know if Marcas was dead, out of town or had simply moved on.
Sherlock considered going to the waiting room that Church had installed them in while John was in surgery. But Sherlock had spent all morning with Shane. Instead he went in search of Angus Church.
Moran looked down his nose at John. His severe black vest and warmup pants flattered his athletic form and he was handsome, strikingly so. Instead of answering, he leaned in and took hold of John’s cock. John gasped in surprise – and horror. Moran stroked him expertly and John felt himself begin to harden.
"Do you want the truth or are you going to batter me until I tell you what you WANT to hear?" John cried. "I wish to god I had helped him escape! I wish he'd come to me! I WOULD have helped him. But he didn't. I watched him die!"
I wondered idly if Sherlock were still front page news, if photos of me coming to the funeral would be published.
It seemed to take forever for the police to arrive. I stood over Gereth in the center of the hedge maze, holding the gun on him as he stirred and ultimately sat up.
His fingers were numb. He was lying on his side and his hands were behind him. He tried to sit up and found he couldn't. He was bound - ropes covered his body, looping around and round. As he came more fully aware, he felt it digging into his bare flesh. He could touch intricate knots with his numb fingers. John realized he was tied up the way some doms bound their subs for sex play – he was naked, immobile and had ropes criss-crossing his body decoratively.
We stood up to leave, disturbing the little dachshund. She wagged her tail and Sherlock patted her long, multicoloured fur with a tenderness that made me want to weep. Maybe we should get a dog...
"John, I KNOW you see her. You text with her constantly! You smell like her when you come home. Have the decency to admit it!"
John saw Sherlock’s smile and saw the flush of pink color his cheek. He pushed himself up onto his knees, his face and shoulders still against the bed. He opened the lube and squeezed some onto his fingers. He reached back between his legs and touched himself tentatively, circling his hole with a finger then pressing it into himself.
John pushed the worry away. He was touchy and out-of-sorts – this was the first day he had spent entirely apart from Sherlock. Everything felt
John's orgasm took him by surprise – before Sherlock had finished he too was cumming, shoving himself as deeply as he could and shooting... he filled Sherlock's arse and kept shooting and shooting, cum dripping out as he fucked.
“Yeah. I’m sorry. Yeah.” There was a pregnant silence. “Mycroft?” John said finally. “Why am I here.”
He glanced at me with irritation. “What was Mycroft thinking, showing himself? What were YOU thinking!?”
"Because heroin is HELPING you with your 'personal thing?' Seriously, Sherlock, is it helping at all?"
It had been slushy the night before as I'd limped home from the pub, but today it had all frozen into ice. It took all my concentration to keep my footing. I made my way slowly to the Underground – I had wanted a walk, but the elements had conspired against me.
He wanted me, I wanted him...what was the problem? I wished he hadn't had that bloody flu, I would have kissed him right away. I would have made love to him – I wouldn't have given either of us time for second thoughts.
Afterwards, he was more confident, more comfortable. It was almost like it had been before he left, kissing lazily through the aftershocks. Holding each other. Feeling him shudder gently into sleep.
Reorienting us lengthwise on the bed, Sherlock, laughing, let me lower him down onto his back. I kissed him again, joy coursing through me as powerful as my desire. His hands roamed over my biceps, my delts, lingering on the scar the bullet left on my back. Sherlock smirked appreciatively at the flex of my shoulders as I braced myself over him. His hands found my hair and pulled me down to kiss him again and again until I pulled away, giggling a little at his moue of discontent.
"I don't need you to tell me where he is. Your boyfriend will tell me in exchange for information about you."
“You should have killed yourself.” Mary cried, shoving the gun against Mrs. Hudson’s ribs with brutal force. “Two years ago! You should have killed yourself and you shouldn’t have killed Jim. Now you’re going to watch your friends die. And then I’m going to kill you.”
John had been right. Bathing made Sherlock feel better. Just washing Moran's touch from his skin was marvelous. He resisted the urge to scrub himself raw everywhere the man's hands had been. He could still feel them...
I frowned. "You made dinner? What did you make?" I'd seen Sherlock make toast and heat up leftovers, nothing else.
“Here he said. This will help.” He carefully laid out a line of cocaine and handed me a rolled 100 tenge note. The sight of the drug calmed me, energised me. My weakness and incoordination disappeared. I took the tenge in determined fingers and bent to the line, snorting it quickly.
John shifted slightly and the dull ache in his shoulder flared into life. He gasped softly and lay back. Despite the weirdness of the situation, John felt calm and relaxed. The scent of honey filled his senses. He turned his head, his chin brushing against dark locks.
It was disturbing that Sherlock had only been thirteen and Victor twenty-four! No matter how precocious, no matter how much Sherlock had wanted sex... it was creepy and wrong. No wonder Victor had been beating himself up over it all these years.
“Don’t move!” It took a second for Sherlock to realise the Alpha was talking to Lestrade. The copper had slipped out of the truck to stand beside him. He froze under the big Alpha's gaze. "Don't move or it'll be worse for you."
"To let me know he's watching. To let me know he's in control now." Sherlock smiled at Dusette's answer.
Hulk flexed his hands menacingly. It gave me a pang – John flexed his broad, capable hands like that when he perceived a threat. But that’s where the resemblance ended. This thug was nothing like my John.
They had continued talking. The more used to the idea John got, the more he liked it. Why SHOULD it be John's responsibility?
I had intended to make an early night of it. But somehow, I found myself staying later and later. Mike seemed taken with Mariah, happy to have her drinking with us – and she kept the pints coming. At some point we switched from beer to whisky...
"That's not what I'm trying to say! Sherlock, LISTEN to me for a second! Will you?" John paused again and Sherlock huffed impatiently. "Hold on! Jesus, Sherlock, give me a second. What I'm trying to say is – I'm NOT GOING TO choose between you! I don't know how, and I have too much else going on..." John looked down at his stump. "So I'm not going to. I'm just...I'm not doing it. I told Shane and now I'm telling you – if you have a problem with it, then YOU have a choice to make." John cleared his throat and continued less stridently. "Erm, Shane says he doesn't have a problem with me being with you..." He let the statement dangle.
I took a few slugs of beer and managed some chips. Lestrade ate steadily. The chips settled my stomach a bit and I ate some more. I tried some of the fish. It tasted like childhood at the shore.
“How!?” I’d thought, completely off-guard. “How can JOHN be Moriarty? How can John be my enemy? A criminal mastermind?! A murderer!? I LOVE HIM!”
I heard the key in the door and shushed him. He’d drawn his knees back up to his chest and was hugging them tightly, his face pale in the dimness under the desk. I put a reassuring hand on his arm and listened to the door open. Footsteps entered the lounge and stopped. Did he sense our presence? I’d been careful not to touch anything and Sherlock hadn’t either. Nothing should be out of place. Was there an odour? A disturbance in the force?
I am not dead. It feels ridiculous to apologize for being alive, but I am informed by someone I've found to be reliable that waiting so long to tell you this isn't, for lack of a better word, good.
Mycroft watched rapt as the Alpha once again boosted his brother up – unfortunately he couldn’t see where, the camera’s range didn’t extend that far. But it was explained a moment later when a fire escape ladder was lowered, and the Alpha swarmed up. The ladder was retracted again, preventing anyone who gained the top of the wall from following.
I took his hand and squeezed it. “I might have something for you to think about while you’re recovering.” I told him. “I discovered the identity of the sniper – the one who killed the old lady in order to shoot the card shark from her high-rise.”
His assault on my mouth was more frantic than rough. Sherlock’s prick isn’t as large as mine, nor as wide – it had never been difficult to take him. I’d learned to like sucking his cock – and to love giving him that pleasure – in the few idyllic months we were lovers before Sherlock jumped from the roof of St. Barts. I had missed him atrociously. I had craved his touch, dreamed of him for over two years. Having him in my mouth again was nothing but joy.
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw movement. He craned his head and just caught sight of bright blond hair and a dark overcoat. He frowned – that seemed familiar. But the figure was gone and John couldn't place him. He hailed a cab.
They didn’t FEEL decorative. The more aware he became, the more painful it was – he had lost feeling in the arm he was lying on and could barely feel his feet, his hip and shoulder dug painfully into the floor. John flexed his arm and the ropes burned, becoming tighter and more constricting.
“I made biscuits… but then I remembered they were Sherlock’s favorite, not yours. So, I brought tea things. Would you like a cuppa?”
“A case! A murder! It looks like a good one too.” Sherlock said, rubbing his hands together in glee. “Fifth floor flat, door locked from the inside, no murder weapon. John, it’s Christmas!”
Or he could go to a pub to get pissed. He’d stumble home late, belligerent and incoherent – if he even talked to me. More likely he’d go directly to his room and I wouldn’t see him until tomorrow when he emerged rumpled and hungover. Unless he pulled. Then I’d be forced to listen to his ‘walk of shame’ up the stairs in the morning. I’d leave for a while, let him shower her off of his skin before I tried to find out if he wanted me to forgive him...
John looked at Sherlock with surprise. Sherlock thought it was the first time this morning John had actually looked at him. "What?" He asked, his tone softer.
“John, you’re in pain. Your body has undergone a trauma. It's stressed, trying to heal. Your defenses are down. You haven’t been able, physically able, to practice the forms... it’s not surprising you’re vulnerable.”
John scoffed. "The quicklime will muddy that water." He said. "Not in the past two weeks, but your guess is as good as mine after that."
John took one look and attempted to smile. "Madam Dusette." He croaked. "I presume Sherlock called you in?"
I suppressed a sigh and watched the curtains covering the left window through the spyglass. A long twenty seconds later, the curtain twitched! A large hand pushed it back and Sherlock’s face appeared! He looked down at the street then turned his head, peering in both directions. Then he disappeared behind the curtain.
“A futon?” I felt dismayed – I hadn’t slept on a futon since Uni, but I remembered how uncomfortable I had found it.
“I tried to use Eugénie to discover where Magnussen kept the records. I made myself indispensable. She gave me more responsibility, more access. I gained valuable intel on cells in Eastern Europe and Western Asia. I could have eventually dismantled most of the organization from there.
, each, individual Omega, to decide if one of the Alphas is acceptable." Mycroft visibly calmed himself, his face slipping back into the mask of superiority he habitually wore. It took effort. "Sherlock, they're welcome to stay at Sherrinford indefinitely. You know that as well as I."
We flew via stealth helicopter into Kazakstan. We weren’t supposed to be here, so there was a small chance we’d be detected and a slightly smaller chance we’d be fired upon. Sherlock could probably tell me the odds.
John smiled tiredly. “Yeah. The sick thing is, taking out that guy in the pub, that’s the best I’ve felt since.”
Shane nodded and sat. He was trembling again. John straddled his lap, facing him – now he was slightly taller. He took Shane's face in his hand (ignoring, for the moment, the awkwardness of not knowing what to do with his left arm – he rested it on Shane's shoulder) and kissed him. His lips were soft, the stubble scraping against his cheek.
“Just feeling lucky.” Lestrade grinned. “Come back here.” He pulled Mycroft close, wrapping his arm around his back, and kissing along the other man’s hairline, his cheekbone, his jaw. He nudged Mycroft’s cheek with his nose, lining up their mouths, kissing him hungrily. He thrilled at the way Mycroft held him, his fingers digging into his shoulders, bruising him through his heavy coat.
Lestrade wasn’t the absolute worst rugger I’d ever played with, he had too much spirit for that, but it was a close thing.
"My brother is a master of deduction, but he's hampered by his preconceptions. Mycroft would never expect that a man as independent and self-sufficient as yourself is an Omega. You have nothing to worry about." Sherlock gestured at the bottle. “Get to it.”
I scrambled to my feet, ready to go to him – thinking how glad I was I’d taken the time to shower and shave a bit ago.
That was not at all what John had expected. Shane certainly had an interesting way of making lemonade.
“No, I’m not. Do you know why all the coppers are here?” He gestured at the groupings of white-suited forensic techs and the uniforms at the periphery.
The tedious chore of feeding myself done, I turned to the crate standing guard over Mrs. Hudson's mud room. I began to pry it open (with the prybar thoughtfully taped to the side) - it took longer than I liked, it was securely packed and my hands weren't as steady as they should be. But I was glad to see its contents had not been damaged.
He lunged suddenly – I fell back and knocked the blade off course with a lucky flail of my rifle. The man leered. “Shezzer pretty boy...” He said enunciating carefully. “Good teeth. I like.”
As soon as I could, I shooed Victor away and closed the door after him. The dogs gave me another hopeful sniff, then returned to their master's side.
Sherlock was up with the dawn, again casing the neighborhood. He catalogued all the cameras pointed at the old mansion. He drew himself a map noting the cameras and the areas he believed they covered. He stayed out of those areas. There were, he believed, two narrow blind spots where he could surveil the house without being seen, but there was no way to get closer. From those areas, he started making a diagram of the security on the house itself.
"Yes! I loved it! I wanted you to shoot in my mouth, watch me swallow it all down... Oh! Like that! Yes! Just like that!" John had shifted his hips to pin Sherlock's pelvis more securely against the basin and the new position drove Sherlock out of his mind. He humped John best he could from his constrained posture, his thighs flexing against John's shoulders, and begged John for more. "Don't stop, John! Please, fuck me harder! Fuck me! Fuck! John Fuck me!" His words devolved into a grunting wail of desperation.
Ignoring him, Lestrade began unloading the box he’d brought. “There’s orange juice — no digestion required, lots of sugar to fuel your brain. Bananas. Mrs Hudson made you a sandwich — she said it has that cheese you like — and she’s baking scones now. I’ll bring some down when they’re out of the oven. I’m afraid there’s no clotted cream, but there’s jam…”
How had all this happened to him? John closed his eyes. He'd removed limbs in Afghanistan, he knew exactly how his surgery must have gone. He couldn't stop replaying it in his mind, the surgeon picking up the scalpel, the bone saw, the clamps...
Moran stared at Sherlock for a long moment. Then he flicked the safety back on and lowered the gun. “Jim always wondered what you saw in Dr. Watson. I can’t say spending time with him has shed any light on it.”
“Stay behind me.” John ordered the Omega. “The cops will come soon.” John spared a thought hoping the Betas he’d shouted at had called the police. Then he turned to face the oncoming mob.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s feet were cold, the cement floor under the lino leeching the heat from his body. The adrenaline was gone and Sherlock was crashing hard. He wanted to curl up on the floor and sleep. He tried to listen to Shane describing how Church had cornered them in the lift.
“She was very welcoming.” Lestrade said. “I think she’s been lonely in that big house now that you’re both gone.”
Halfway up the stairs I felt Sherlock's hands on my body, insistent, found my back pressed against the wall. He touched my cheek softly, his face close. He had that vulnerable look, the one that had convinced me he was serious before. I wouldn't fall for that again!
Knowing where I had been in the maze helped immensely – at the very least, it improved my state of mind. I knew I wasn’t retracing my steps over and over. Eventually I found the center – a small clearing with a little folly: the faux ruins of Roman columns, a marble statue of Aphrodite and a marble bench covered with hibernating ivy. It was probably lovely in the summer, but now the ivy was naught but a dead brown mass infecting the white marble folly.
"Lestrade." I said at a quieter volume. "He wants us. Get your coat." I turned away quickly – I hoped he would follow me, but I wouldn't argue with him if he didn't.
Shane held up the letter – it had John's name written on it in Sherlock's elegant hand. "Yeah. Could you bring it?" John couldn't touch it, not yet.
"No. Maybe it won't be very valuable after all." Sherlock began systematically searching the flat. He touched the painting on the far wall – a large, white and black abstract. He pulled it aside revealing a safe.
If he'd wanted to kill John, he could have done it quite quickly – and from a distance, he was a sniper. What was the point of stalking him? Sherlock had familiarized himself with John's activities since he had 'died.' There was nothing among the short term jobs at different clinics, the depressed social life, the paltry few new acquaintances that would account for attracting the attention of a person like Sebastian Moran. Maybe they HAD crossed paths in Afghanistan.
Lestrade’s groan was loud in his own ears. It had been a long time since another person had touched him there.
"Oh." He was going to see her. He was exhausted and in pain and he was going to go see her anyway. The curry tasted like wet cardboard all of a sudden.
Shane was engaged by Jane, Jason and Mike's were chatting awkwardly across John. Siobhan eyed John appraisingly, as if he were a particularly obtuse set of statistics or a bug in her garden. He found it relaxing. He asked her about her work and let her soothingly clinical tone distract him.
“John is in an unique position.” Sherlock said. “If we can assess what Simon Fraser and Tamara Krazinsky had in common that triggered their murders, John can affect the same symptoms.”
And want him SO MUCH. Sherlock's feelings were raw, untempered – like a tidal wave crashing down onto shore, flooding and destroying everything in its path. Could John withstand that much pure emotion and still be himself? Or would it consume him, make him part of itself, part of Sherlock, with no individuality ... nothing of his own...
I kept my eyes on the floor the whole time, but I felt Vinokourov’s ugly pink gaze on me. He stared at me whenever I was in his presence.
Walter's eyebrows shot up to his hairline. "Fine? All you've talked about for weeks is how much you love London, how you can't wait to see John. Aren't you excited?"
Sherlock sat up slowly. His eyes were clear like crystal and wet with emotion. I climbed onto my bed and he smiled and caressed my chest reverently, his fingers trailing down my abdomen.
John felt the mattress bow as someone sat on the bed next to him. 'Someone' – of course it was Sherlock. Shane hadn't been in John's bedroom since he started sleeping with Sherlock. John went to Shane's flat now.
He heard a door rattle and swing open. The light blinded him, but he couldn’t miss the looming silhouette advancing into the room. John realized he was arse up towards the person. Great.
Lestrade fought until Sally Donovan — at his side, as always — was pulled into a bear hug by a burly copper, teeth snapping. Lestrade beat him off her with the butt of his gun... but it was too late. Her cheek torn and stained with crimson.
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled with interest – it made my heart skip to see it! We sipped our tea and I told him the whole story: saving Mary from the mugging, keeping in touch with her via text, going to the dinner party and meeting Seb Moran and Cam Magnussen, seeing the sniper rifle in Moran’s gun collection, his history as a sniper on the India/Pakistani border, going out for drinks with Seb...
John sighed and finished making his tea. He should call Harry, see how she was doing. The dead Omegas reminded him so much of her…
"Good." John stroked his hand down my side, ribs to flank. I shivered, it felt so good. "Delayed orgasm doesn't necessarily mean you can't orgasm." John said, continuing to caress me. "It doesn't matter to me if it takes longer. And, no pressure! It doesn't have to happen. But I can still make you feel good."
"No, he's not sick. Mike." Shane's voice was low and serious. "John was attacked. He's recovering, but there's some permanent damage."
“It seems so. The brothers have been pressuring Lady Anwen to throw her out – they never took to her, apparently.”
“Yeah. She’s brilliant with the company. She got the brains in this family. And the … human decency.”
John felt Shane's hands on his shoulders. He relaxed back into the man's embrace. "You didn't answer, John - do you want me to step aside? I don't want to lose you, but if there's no point..."
“That’s why they like me.” John had told him. “I’m safe. Despite everything, they have romantic notions about bonding. You should talk to them. Teach them how to choose the
I scoffed. "I'm the one who should apologize, Victor. I knew my age was a problem and I kept it from you. I lied to you every day. And I knew how dangerous Mycroft could be."
It was a large-ish open room filled with panic. A wall of prisoners surged towards us – going for the door we were coming in more than wanting to attack us. But anyone who didn’t stop got a rubber bullet in the gut. (After much deliberation it was decided we would be armed with rubber bullets to limit casualties. Not that a rubber bullet couldn’t kill, but they tended not to.) It was mayhem, people running everywhere, pushing and trampling their fellows. The tat-a-tat of assault rifle fire and the screams of the men hit.
The Omega began a slow grind. John clutched the ivory thighs and pressed his hips up in rhythm with Sherlock’s gyrations. It felt amazing, their eyes locked together, their hearts locked together within their bond link.
I pulled off, still jacking him. "Harder." I said. "It's fine if you're a little rough. It's good." I blushed in spite of myself and returned to my task.
!?” John turned Sherlock with strong hands and plucked the handgun from the waistband of his pyjamas. He held it up radiating righteous anger tinged liberally with fear for Sherlock’s safety. “It’s loaded! I don’t keep it loaded.” He removed the clip and stuffed it in his pocket.
Outside the tub, John wrapped a big towel around Sherlock and another round himself. Then he turned to the mirror. “I need to clean this out.” He said, prodding the angry scratches on his face. He produced a bottle of peroxide and cotton balls and winced as the peroxide bubbled in the wounds whilst Sherlock retrieved and applied his ointment.
Twice there were fistfights in the parking lot after the games. Alpha on Alpha, of course. The pecking order of the pack had to be established and maintained.
“She’s simply certain that she’s right. Always.” Sherlock interjected with more bitterness than he intended.
Sherlock had said Moriarty – of course Moriarty. John even felt a little proud that Sherlock had outsmarted the villain after all. And if he were really honest, he could see how his own reaction had sold the lie. He could have forgiven that if Sherlock had come to him sooner – right after the funeral at the latest. It had been a hellish nightmare of a week, but John's joy would have been boundless!
Sherlock chuckled softly. “You did, John. You did kill them – two of the worst, at least. Or so Mycroft tells me.
Sherlock wasted no time, using Lestrade’s shoulder as a handhold, he stepped onto his hands — it hurt and the bugger was heavy! Lestrade lifted up with all his strength, praying that the wanker knew what he was doing...
Sherlock sighed, long and low. “Give it to me” Lestrade handed over the juice and Sherlock twisted off the cap and drank it down, all twelve ounces. When it was empty, he handed it back to Lestrade and returned to the whiteboard.
Day after day, he heard nothing from John. He tried to teach himself not to hope for it, to give up his dreams of reconciliation.
I crept through the first floor flat to the front door. There was no spy hole, but I could hear them perfectly. Hearing John's voice made me want to weep.
Dad came to all his games, cheering wildly, beer in hand. Afterwards, he’d talk to John about the game, ask him to explain the strategy, to explain what he’d been thinking. Ask how he could have done better. What he thought about the other players, their faults and their strength. Mostly their faults. John never knew what to say – he was six, he was still learning the rules, let alone tactics. Criticising his teammates didn’t make him feel good.
His utter sincerity deflated the remnants of anger inside me and I wrapped my arms around him and kissed his beloved face. “We will be.” I said. “What time should we meet at the clinic?”
“I observed.” Sherlock said. “You were wearing scrubs – the top – under your jumper and your hands smelled slightly of formaldehyde. You’re young to be a doctor and the teaching hospital isn’t far from here, so medical student. Formaldehyde means morgue rotation which doesn’t happen until your final year. Freshly showered and dressed, clearly you were on your way to hospital, not from.
“Sleep with me tonight.” Lestrade suggested, admiring how dishevelled the auburn locks had become. “Bed’s a little small... but...”
It was a minor distraction from the overwhelming worry. Every minute wasted, I was certain we would be too late for Sherlock. I was almost buzzing with the anxiety.
When I joined John Watson to show him 221b Baker Street that evening, I’d been well-fucked and sucked, kissed and frigged and spit-roasted (Craig’s boyfriend had joined in). My needs, I thought, had been met.
John had that look, the one that said we were going to have a serious talk – and I knew we needed to. But, noting my appetite, he smiled at me once more and picked up his own sandwich and we ate in silence whilst Calaf answered Turandot’s riddles.
The contents would probably say what Sherlock had been doing. Did he even care!? Jesus! He felt like such a bloody fool!!
Sherlock grabbed his arms. "John! John! Stop." John struggled – he was strong, bullishly strong, and he shoved Sherlock off him. Sherlock was forced backwards, he tripped over his chair and went down on the kitchen floor, hard. It took a moment for him to recover – he'd smacked his head on the lino and lost the plot briefly.
John shifted his weight on the bed as he shifted his thoughts to our case. "Lady Anwen is lovely. Her brothers... bunch of rich wankers." I can see he's not finished. "Gereth might turn out ok. Or he might just be more charming than the other two. Interesting they presented a unified front against their father's marriage. Against Victor."
Angus Church examined Sherlock. "How DID you know my partner left me? How did you know about Sheffield?"
And why shouldn't he?! John didn't owe Sherlock anything – very much the opposite. And it was good that John had overcome feeling unattractive, nonsexual – the very feelings that Church had taken advantage of in Simon Fraser.
He should be with John. What was he doing in the antiseptic sex dungeon of the villain who may have cost John his feet? Shane couldn't even encompass that concept: John could be crippled – maimed – for the rest of his life. He couldn't reconcile that with his bad-ass boyfriend. When John had taken out the robber in the pub with such ease and grace, Shane had thought ‘Oh, yes please! I’ll take that one.’
John was taken aback by Sherlock's manner, the intimacy of the touch, the formality of the request. He cleared his throat nervously, but held still while Sherlock pulled the strap off John's shoulder and carefully took the prosthetic from his arm. Then Sherlock rolled the thick, protective sock off John's stump. He caught the stump in his elegant fingers and brought his lips down to kiss it.
But he was broken now permanently, physically as well as mentally. He would be a burden on those closest to him, no matter what they claimed. That was the reason he'd let Shane talk him into allowing Sherlock to move back into their flat – it was Sherlock's punishment for everything he'd put John through. Shane certainly didn't deserve to be stuck with the duty of care for a bitter cripple.
I turned and regarded him for the first time – he hadn’t expected the eyes behind the rickety glasses to be so cold and hard.
Then I wiped shortening from my own cock and hands – it was greasy and stubborn and I quickly gave up on it and spread the towel beneath us.
Lestrade hurried over. “DI Coleman says you can have five minutes.” He said. “He’s over here.” He led them deeper into the laneway, then around back of a building. There, among the bins, lay the body of a slim teen. The male Omega had had a delicate prettiness that clung to him in death.
As they lay in bed holding each other, John made an effort to shake off the foul mood. Shane didn't deserve any more of John's moaning – especially not after taking care of John so thoroughly.
There was NOTHING to do. There was no library, no exercise room, no work to occupy the hands let alone the brain. There was one decrepit telly in the common room and one chess set with rocks and pennies standing in for some of the pieces. There was a frostbitten yard, an icy wind blowing through it relentlessly. I couldn’t run chemical experiments. There were no puzzles here to solve, nothing with any challenge anyway. I couldn’t even pick a fight to amuse myself, even I had to admit it was too risky. Worst of all, I couldn’t go to my mind palace – it was too perilous to not be aware of my surroundings at all times.
“John, my brother’s life LITERALLY depends on your ability to convince everyone that you are mourning his death.”
Very suddenly the trail leveled out and Victor grabbed my arm. “This is the first overlook.” He shouted in my ear so I could hear him over the rain.
John wasted no more time. He plunged his cock into his mate, sighing deeply. Through their link, Sherlock felt John’s relief and pleasure doubled over his own. It was transcendent. The Alpha clutched at him, gathering Sherlock into his arms and burying his face in his Omega’s hair.
It might be against the law, against biology and against all reason, but Sherlock had expected Mycroft to take him back to Sherrinford, to work out some way to cut him off from John and bond him with Jim Moriarty. He’d dreaded seeing his brother again. That Mycroft hadn’t done those things, that he’d actually admitted that Moriarty was a mistake… Sherlock felt like sobbing at the unexpected reprieve. He clung to his Alpha.
For fifteen minutes, there was no sign of the hunter in the dark green coat. Then Sherlock caught a flicker of movement in the stairwell opposite – he was there, watching.
"He's the one that... " Gereth took a breath, puffed himself up with bravado. "I don't know why he's still here. No one wants him here."
There he was! I could see him but he was still so far away! And the bad thing, the menacing presence, was close to him! I cried I was so frustrated! I was working so hard and the gap between us wasn't closing.
Shane laughed briefly. "I have to agree with you there." He said. "But that doesn't solve our problem."
I’m thirty-five years old and I finally hit puberty in all its hormonal agony. I couldn’t bear it and I couldn’t bear for YOU to see it. I wasted a few months on heroin. I’m not proud of it, but there’s nothing better for running away from problems – or perceived problems. Heroin led eventually to rehab where I was finally forced to confront the fact that I love you, John, and I desire you.
He hadn't felt like himself in a long time. Months. Over a year, maybe. He certainly hadn't been sharp whilst abusing heroin. In rehab, his head had felt like it was wrapped in cotton wool most of the time. It had cleared slowly and he'd come back to London, but not to HIS London. Not to Baker Street and Lestrade and his life as a consulting detective. He hadn't been welcome in Baker Street, and though he'd moved back in now, Sherlock realized he couldn't stay there. When John was healthy again, he would have to leave. How could he live with John and not HAVE John?
A soft moan caught in Sherlock’s throat. John had never heard anything so erotic. He was full hard now. He pressed his big Alpha cock to Sherlock’s hip, the Omega’s smaller erection an insistent pressure against John’s abdomen. He clutched a handful of Omega arse and ground their hips together and thrilled to hear him moan again.
I set aside those thoughts and hurried back to Nazer’s cell knowing he didn’t like to be kept waiting.
More thunks, wet and ripe interspersed with words... Thunk! “Did!” Thunk! “This!” Thwup! “To!” Splut! “Him!” Splud. Splush...
And I felt so insecure out here in the beige hallway, sitting in an out-of-place beige recliner, enduring the pitying looks of the nurses and the curiosity of the doctors...
Sherlock pulled his chair closer to the bed and laid his hand on John’s shoulder. John smiled briefly in acknowledgement. He wanted to ask John how he was, but made himself wait for the doctor. It disturbed Sherlock that John didn’t offer him a hand to hold – that he hadn’t moved his arms once since Sherlock woke up. He hadn’t moved his legs either. The memory of how swollen and white his hands and feet had been, how he hadn’t been able to button his jeans… or walk…
I woke again in the morning. I had a headache but there was sunlight in the windows and I could hear John humming to himself. He'd left the adjoining door open and I could hear him moving around.
“The real question.” I told him. “Is is he toying with me?” I sipped my pint and waited for another customer to move away. “Moran doesn’t know we know he’s a gambler. And he doesn’t know – not for certain – that we have a description of him. Not from the dry cleaner anyway. He had his hair covered when he spoke to Mrs Fein’s neighbor in the high rise.”
This time he stepped in close and though I dodged, his fist connected with my cheek. It was glancing, catching me at an angle, not nearly as hard as he’d intended. But hard enough to throw me off balance. He pressed his advantage hitting me in the gut, bending me forward and stealing my air.
John knew it was because she was an Omega, but he was hazy on why. As little sisters went, Harry was ok – she was cuddly and affectionate and she adored John, following him around the house with her bright smile and sweet scent. Mum would hug her and hold her and read them stories. When John was old enough, he read to her too. It was impossible not to smile when Harry snuggled up next to him.
Sherlock drew himself up, managing to look quite imposing. "That jumper reminded me of one you wore, John, when we first met."
Sherlock put John to bed and shed his own kit expediently. He climbed in – John appreciated that he'd stripped all the way this time, he liked the feeling of Sherlock's pale skin against his own. John was still slightly damp, his hair making a bit of a spot on the pillow.
They walked silently for a while, shoulders bumping now and again, smiling at each other. John thought Shane would ask him back to his flat again… John wondered how he would answer.
“And Mary Morstan was seen with Moran in Camden Yard this morning. Mycroft had his team pick her up as soon as we had Moran in custody.”
“Please show my brother to the laboratory and introduce him to Dr Abidi. Make sure he has whatever he requires.”
“Perhaps. Or he was just better. Or luckier. Or, most likely, he prevented the sniper from cheating in some way.”
The light from the open doors of the elevator didn’t penetrate far into the blackness of the sub basement. What Sherlock could see was dingy – old lino that had been shoddily mopped some time ago, scuffs on the wall, hoses and cords snaking into the darkness. He had the sense that they were in a vast space, not a hallway or antechamber. The air was both chilly and stuffy.
His eyes burned with barely suppressed violence. For a second I felt the danger. John was highly trained in hand-to-hand combat, he could easily hurt me quite badly – and right then, he wanted to hurt me. His fists were clenched, his jaw was clenched, every muscle in his body was clenched. It was difficult not to cower, but I stood my ground, fury making me foolish, and waited for John to strike.
Sherlock didn’t move, he lay arse up on the tiger’s pelt – certainly quite the show for whatever minion had disturbed them. He waited for Moran’s hands to descend on him once more, for the pressure of his erect prick against his tender flesh. But it didn’t come. Instead, he heard Moran’s belt once more.
Sherlock ducked into an alley and removed his false beard and shed his long dark coat. Underneath he wore black workman’s trousers and a heavy fisherman’s sweater, both disguised his thinness. He donned a ginger wig and a dark blue watch cap and put the coat and whiskers into a backpack pinned inside the coat. He wished he had a change of shoes. As generic as his black work shoes were, they could betray him to a watchful observer. He spent a minute scuffing them up on the pavement. He finished the disguise with ginger mustaches.
“Have you thought at all about a support group? Talking with other people in similar situations can be very helpful.”
I painstakingly pulled on my socks and boots. Tying them was somewhat easier since I’d taken off the splints. No point in it now – and it had turned dark gray with filth. I pulled a t-shirt over my head and leaned back, letting myself nod off.
I’d been told often enough that I was a terrible actor, that I couldn’t possibly hope to convince anyone that water was wet, let alone fool a villain. But I didn’t think I was in danger of being called out by Moran – I strongly suspected he was as uninterested in me as I was in him. Had I not found an excuse to cut the date short, I was confident he would have.
I limped to the kitchen and started washing up. I was beginning to feel self-conscious. If I’d been with a girlfriend – or if Sherlock and I were still just friends – I would know what to do.
Immediately after, I was able to show John that his limp was healed. I was happy I’d done it – not to show off or prove myself right, which had been my impetus originally (or at least, not ONLY that) – but FOR JOHN. It was a gift from the depths of my sociopathic heart.
Something hit me – hard! – and I was knocked to the ground. It was a man – it was the hawkish man with dark hair who I’d chased off Sherlock earlier. He had my knife, the one that had skittered off across the floor, and he bore down on me. I twisted away, barely avoiding the eight inch blade, and crab-walked backwards. I needed room to bring my rifle around to point at him.
“Yes.” I agreed. “And because you were shot, you came back to London and I met you. Without this...” I kissed the scar once more. “...we would not be together now. Sometimes I look at this –“ I traced the scar with my fingers. “– and wonder at everything that had to happen to bring us together... and what would life be like... without you...”
Sherlock caught sight of Angus – he should have something that would snag John's interest, at least for a time. He walked away from Shane towards the nurse.
Sherlock keened and came, clenching around John’s prick, shuddering and bracing himself on John’s chest. Yet his Omega cock didn’t spurt, it was stiff and still.
“Yes.” Sherlock said with stunning certainty. “He was killed AND another patient in Critical Care died last night. Another patient that was recovering. I had a look at her charts, she was stable, her wounds weren’t life-threatening… yet she died.”
The nurse made a noncommittal noise and helped me lie back down. He cut Nazer’s sweatpants off my body. It was done before I could protest..
Dr. Moon gave John an ice pack and helped him settle it gently against his abused manhood. They talked in low tones for another minute or so, then the doctor covered John up again, made notes on John's chart and left.
When the sounds from his bedroom ceased, John opened the overnight bag and rooted around. There were pajama pants with an elastic waist. Thank god! He put them on. Then he carefully donned a t-shirt that was so soft, it felt like silk against his ravaged skin. He recognized neither garment – Shane or Sherlock, or possibly both, had anticipated his need for clothing he could put on by himself and provided them.
The other thing I can’t stop blaming myself for is how easily I believed his lies. Or specifically the lie he told to make me leave St. Barts without him.
“Thank you, Doctor.” Sherlock said. “John!” And swept past and out the door. John, with a surprised shrug started after him.
I wanted to go to him. I COULD perform that miracle – and there was no one else I would do it for. I had to physically stop myself from running to John and throwing myself at his feet, begging forgiveness.
John released his neck. “In the drawer.” He said. “There’s lube and condoms.” He sat back on his heels and looked down at the lithe form in front of him. Sherlock’s skin was an alabaster expanse unbroken by so much as a freckle. It was lovely. The twitch of muscle as he reached a long arm to the drawer fascinated John. He caressed the perfect curve of Sherlock’s arse then bent and kissed it, his hand wandering down Sherlock’s velvety thigh.
John took a taxi back to Baker Street. He really wasn’t doing well – the jar on the escalator had been worse than he thought. After he and Sholto had worked out a one-armed version of the three basic forms of Alpha-chi, John was so exhausted by pain he excused himself to the bog.
I knelt by Sherlock’s head. He hadn’t moved. “Sherlock?” I asked, praying for him to answer. I touched his neck and felt his pulse strong and regular.
The Alpha grinned. “I don’t even have to introduce myself. But then, we’ve met before, haven’t we Johnny?”
The tip of John’s Alpha cock pierced the tiny passage into the Omega’s womb and John came and came and came, shooting copiously into the sweet tunnel, breeding Sherlock with wave upon wave of intensely satisfying pleasure. This was what their bodies were made for!
Angus nodded but his mouth was tight. "All right, John. Take care of your problem." He said and walked away down the hall.
"No, don't minimize what he did. Moran would have killed Dusette. He would have ... played ...with me ... he would have broken me...and he would have killed me. Then he would have come for you. If Shane hadn't gone with Dusette, he would have ...I would be in hell right now. Instead, I'm in bed with you."
John examined his face and saw that he DID understand. He went and had a bit of a wash and got dressed in last night's clothes. When he came back out to the main room, Shane was at his desk working. John went over and kissed him.
I was nude in bed and John was stroking his hand down my side lovingly. Oh John! So intriguing from the first moment I saw you. So angry, so lost. I wanted you then, wanted your hands on me, your mouth. But I never expected that you would hold my interest. That you would never bore me. I never expected to love you.
In addition to fooling Moriarty into thinking that I killed myself, I could not let him know how much I felt for you – he would have killed you regardless of what I did. That is true, but it was also my excuse to avoid the deeper relationship we touched on that one night. I can remember the hurt on your face with perfect clarity – it haunts me, I never want to cause you pain. But I find that that is all I have given you.
“You as well.” Mycroft said, and the sky-blue jumper was rucked violently to his chest. Lestrade raised his arms and Mycroft pulled it off.
Sherlock’s last text had said that we couldn’t do anything until tonight. Which meant we’d be up most of the night. I should nap – sleeping in Sherlock’s chair last night had not been restful. I could go lay down on Sherlock’s bed… but what was he doing in mine?!
2. Political. Published an anarchist newspaper. Keeps to himself. No protection from theft, abuse or rape other than trying not to attract attention. Upper bunk.
Mycroft opened his mouth as if to reply, thought better of it, nodded once and proceeded down the stairs.
John watched Shane visibly bite back the word, 'please.' He smiled at the taller man and pulled a chair out from the wall. "Sit." He said.
"How do you know that... ugh. Of course you know." John sat carefully back down on the sofa, composing himself. "I was planning to talk to you about this..." He took a deep breath. "Erm...before you came back," John began formally. "Everything was going great with Shane... it was the happiest I'd been since you... you left. Then you were suddenly alive, and telling me you were in love with me, proposing to me... everything got bloody complicated... I've been going out of my mind trying to figure out what to do." John paused as if searching for words. "I don't know how to say this..."
His bruises were fading, the finger marks on his neck now a dull green. And though he was thin and seemed weary, John looked healthy – and reassuringly normal – in jeans and a maroon jumper over a plaid shirt.
"John, he's back..." Sherlock strode into the kitchen, but stopped short when he saw Shane. His face went completely blank.
"You chose him." Sherlock cried. "How can you expect me to live here when I can't... when you're with him."
He was 70 percent certain he was hallucinating. The gargoyles loomed over him, their clawed fingers piercing his body, stirring his guts into a bloody mass.
“I also wanted to return this.” Mycroft indicated a rucksack at his feet. “The police recovered it, everything is accounted for, I assure you, Mr. Watson.”
“Where will we go?” A girl with flaming ginger hair asked in a small voice. John’s heart broke for her – it was very possible her parents had sold her into prostitution and she had no home to go back to. A century ago, she would have gone home with John. But then, a century ago, a bonded Alpha would not have fought for other Omegas. And Omegas, whilst chattel, had not been gathered together, trafficked and sold over and over as these had been.
“Yes, send him in, please.” Mycroft said then returned to his phone call. “Angela, I have to go. Ja. Ok... ok... Auf wiedersehen. John. Come in. Sit.”
Shane looked back and tried to smile reassuringly. "Go get better." He closed the van doors and watched it drive off.
Sherlock lay curled against his right side, sleeping soundly, John’s good arm wrapped possessively around his mate. He took a deep breath… the scent of Sherlock's honey, hot and sweet, intensified.
An area by the center front window had been cleared, chair and occasional table pushed aside, the desk chair taking their place. An ashtray rested on the windowsill.
There was the thud thud thud of a helicopter and I was lifted and finally, FINALLY, laid on something soft. I barely felt them strapping me down... it was so soft... I let it envelope me, fold around me... John’s arms... maybe I was dead... that would be ok... as long as it was this soft...
He sent concern, he sent care, and John sent curiosity. Then he brought Mycroft’s smoky-whisky scent to mind and let it fill his senses.
Sherlock shrugged and looked out of the window. He sat in an overstuffed chair with his feet drawn up under him. The healing track marks on his arm itched and he desperately wanted to scratch them, but they had already gotten infected once. Irritating. It didn't matter. He let the irritation drift away.
I woke on Saturday to find John out of sorts. He nursed me, giving me tea and toast and making sure I took ibuprofen and cough syrup, but he was tense. Even my thick, slow brain could see that. I didn't ask why.
John woke fully aroused and hard from a sex dream – he had been fucking Sherlock in the dream. In reality he was grinding on Sherlock, pressing his cock against Sherlock’s arse, holding himself tightly against his body.
She noted his responses and moved around the bed to his left side. Sherlock was obliged to move, he stood at the foot of the bed and watched John pull his left hand out. His fingers were swollen still and the flesh so white the red bruises at his wrist looked lurid. Sherlock watched her pinch his finger when he was looking away. He didn’t react. Sherlock’s stomach twisted.
, the soulmark changed from vibrant colour to a mordant grey. All sensation where the mark lay ceased, the flesh there dead to the touch.
Sherlock thought about the flop house near the colony in Barking, the one he'd carefully avoided in the weeks John hadn't been speaking to him. It wasn't a house, per se, but any number of addicts and junkies shared the abandoned office block. He could go there, fall back into the embrace of heroin.
“Experience.” Sherlock croaked, leaning tiredly back in the wheelchair, still facing away from the nurse.
"I lost yours. Plug it in now – the cables are in the bag – and it'll be ready to go in an hour or so."
"I don't know. I'll have to find work... there's a company outside Paris that might do." He smiled bitterly. "Have to polish up my French."
Sherlock nodded grimly and they began attempting to shove the skip under the fire escape. It was heavy and the noise it made scraping over the pavement was deafening. They didn’t have much time! Lestrade put his back into it, using his legs — he’d been a bit of an athlete back in the day, and he hadn’t gone completely to pot.
It had taken all morning for John to get his release from hospital and even longer to actually get out of the building. Angus had insisted on taking him to the door in a wheelchair, which was ridiculous, but at least he got a few minutes with the burly nurse.
My phone vibrated. I turned away from Fielding and Staelich holding up my phone to show them I’d received a text.
“No. Sherlock made sure his brother didn’t hurt me…. or my prospects. That’s a happier ending than I deserved.”
But now, the heat of Shane's breath, his tongue, his slow kisses... enjoying the feeling of Shane's hands on his flanks, of them traveling to grip his buttocks. John's fingers were a fist in Shane's hair. He pulled Shane's head back for a moment, breaking the kiss, just to show him who was in charge. Shane's small noise of arousal was gratifying and John kissed him again, deeply. Shane's skin was hot, his mouth lush and eager.
“I smelled coffee and bacon on your breath and you had crumbs on the shoulder of your jumper – bacon butty, obvious.
John sniffed and cleared his throat, pulling himself together. “If there’s nothing else…?” I heard John stand up. He was leaving – it was too soon! I couldn’t bear for him to leave yet!
Sherlock jacked my cock slowly. The pleasure took my breath away, left me gasping. He licked my neck, bit my pulse, then sucked on my flesh, worrying a love bite low on my throat. I thought briefly that I’d have to button up all the way tomorrow to hide it – then his thumb smeared the liquid leaking from my prick across the head and down the shaft and any thought other than Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock’s body moving under mine left my head completely.
The rest of the police filed out into the hall. One was looking intently at Sherlock. A fan? I thought so until Sherlock glanced his way, did a double take and, his cheeks crimson, turned away abruptly.
Lestrade nodded. He holstered his gun and secured the cricket bat by slipping it through his belt — it was a comfortingly unyielding block pressing against his ribs and hip — and held out his hands, weaving his fingers together. Not for the first time, Lestrade was grateful he’d found this pair of leather gloves. He bent, offering his hands as a step.
I had sunk down in Mrs. Hudson's sitting room, my back to her front door, still wearing the khaki trench coat. Who was this woman with John? Was it Mary worming her way into John's life, spying on him for Moriarty's sniper? Or someone else - some attractive woman he'd met in the past two years, someone who flirted gently with him hoping he would respond in kind? It was comforting that John hadn't wanted her to come upstairs, but I was still so very jealous - she was WITH him, sharing space, breathing the same air...
He searched for empty and abandoned buildings on the surrounding streets, he found a furnished home that had been closed up for at least a year, possibly several years, but had enough deterrents that kids and homeless hadn't broken in. Sherlock picked the lock to the side door in seconds and explored the empty house. When he was satisfied that he was alone and secure, he drank half of the bottle of water he'd bought at a kiosk in the Underground (he saved the can of Coke for the morning – hunger was one thing, dehydration another thing entirely) and crawled under the dust cloth on one of the beds for a few hours of sleep.
"Angus." John said, picking up the chair with deliberate care. "Cheers, mate." He said wryly. "Did you even go home?" The nurse's expression was intense – that predatory hunger John had glimpsed earlier, mingled with outrage. He was thinking about how his boyfriend had left him, not John and Shane.
“But I want to. I was so frightened...” She shivered. The police had given her a pale blue sweatshirt when they took her torn blouse. I forced myself not to think of lavender lace covering milky skin. The sweatshirt was too big and looked ridiculous with her skirt and low heels. I noticed that her tights were ripped. “Honestly... I don’t really want to be alone right now. I tried calling a friend...”
That's what made John feel the worst – it sounded just like something Sherlock would say and she knew that because John had told her in his blog. He wondered how much the paper had paid her.
He kissed me gently as I came down, laying me on my back. He used his kimono to wipe his hands and the mess between his legs, then tossed it aside. He pulled the duvet over us and stretched out next to me. He touched my throat carefully. “I bit you harder than I realised.” He said, frowning.
“Why don’t you wear your pajamas – something comfortable. You can bring your pillow, rest a bit while we wait.”
“We’re taking you for imaging and then into surgery, Mr. Holmes. Your brother is here – you’ll see him afterwards.”
Victor was beautiful. Muscular – thinner than he is now, but very well-defined. One look and I knew I wanted him to hold me down so I couldn't get up if I tried – I knew he could do it.
He led them into an examination theatre and left them, returning a few minutes later rolling a table. The body bag on the table was cold to the touch and Bill winced as he took hold of the metal zipper and revealed the body of the girl.
"No, you haven't. You've explained and apologized, but you've never expressed regret. In fact you said in your letter that if you had to do it over, you'd do the same thing."
I really WAS put out about Ravi Vaachaspati, that miserable twat. I couldn’t blame him for fucking Sherlock nor for wanting to fuck him again – I wouldn’t blame anyone for that. No, Officer Vaachaspati’s sin was much greater: he’d caught Sherlock’s attention, however briefly, and that tasted like bile in my mouth.
He stayed in the shower for a long time, eventually turning his face to the spray in the vain hope that it would stimulate his tears to fall – he could feel them inside, like rot. John desperately wanted them out.
“SHIT!” John disappeared, swearing vividly. There was a noise like metal on metal. I opened my eyes and feet danced in my field of vision. Another clank-clank... the feet danced away. Clank... then a sickening THUNK.
It was passionate, desperate, consuming - teeth and tongues and tense arousal, their lips mashed together, biting and sucking. Lonely kisses, farewell kisses...
As soon as the lift doors opened, the smell hit us like a wall. As I donned a protective coverall over my clothes, I heard the buzzing. The rotting corpse had attracted insects. I prepared myself for the sight.
“Yeah.” John stepped out of Shane’s embrace and smiled at him ruefully. He held out his hand. “Where are we going?”
But he was IN LOVE with me. Sherlock was in love with me. ME! How did I feel about that? I searched for an honest answer.
Lestrade pulled him deeper into the alley searching for an escape — it was blind and he prayed it wasn’t a dead end. The horde had definitely noticed them, had begun to flood the narrow mews. He wished they were slower, like in the cinema. He wished Sherlock hadn’t dropped his weapon.
Moriarty. If he even suspected the depth of my feelings for John he would kill him outright. But I feared that if John left now, moved out, Moriarty would punish him for the disloyalty. That death would be infinitely more cruel – Moriarty didn't tolerate disloyalty. I had to keep John close, but keep Moriarty convinced he was nothing but a 'pet'...
**John hadn't felt up to explaining what had happened to Mike – or anyone. Nor could he pretend everything was normal.**
Sherlock looked out the window again. The grounds were lovely and verdant. Sherlock particularly liked the shrubbery – it stood four meters and wound around the gardens. A parking lot spoiled the view.
Angus Church opened his mouth to retort angrily, then thought better of it and pursed his lips together tightly. He strode over to Sherlock and looked balefully at the unconscious man. "What happened?" He asked.
"Look, they're chopping my hand off tomorrow. Leave us alone! Get out!" John didn't yell – he rarely yelled – but his intense, dangerous tone got his point across better than volume ever would.
“It’s fine, John. Lestrade’s a Beta remember.” Sherlock said projecting calm at his mate. "We just smell like Alphas tonight.”
He’d had surgery for a splenic rupture – not a large one, thank goodness. They were able to repair rather than remove his spleen. This was good – living without a spleen put one at high risk for contracting life-threatening diseases.
She read this letter several times and then nodded. “Better.” She said. “This time I want you to tell him WHY you love him. What made you fall for him? Explain that."
“Shane.” Jason indicated the man who had helped John. Shane was thinner than Jason, lean and rawboned. He had shaggy brown hair and brown eyes and he would never be the man who was noticed first. Or second. But John liked the intelligence sparkling in his eyes. “You’re military?” Jason asked.
The love bite Sherlock had worried on my neck stood out a lurid red. His graceful fingers danced across it briefly and I saw him smirking in the mirror. He liked that he had marked me.
Peaky was an understatement. John was ghostly pale. He unclasped the sling, carefully unbuttoned his shirt and lifted it off his shoulder. Blood was seeping through his bandages. He swore. John gingerly pulled his shirt and sling back on. He splashed water on his face one-handed.
I felt limp with relief. I let Sherlock hold me – hold me upright as much as anything. My hunger had fled, the thought of my fried breakfast turned my stomach.
But those sorts of disagreements were nothing. We’d had one terrible fight that had convinced me that John was done with ‘us’ for good.
John made tea and shelved books to Mendelsohn, unpacked labware to Beethoven, hung up an immoral number of dress shirts, bespoke suits, silk pants, dressing gowns, pyjamas and a single cashmere jumper to Dvorak, and puzzled over nine cartons of ephemera – a cow’s skull, two chess sets, a crystal decanter, framed maps and a huge framed periodic table, drawing pads and pencils, a small box containing an odd number of identical cuff links, a small box containing human teeth, nine half-empty bottles of scent suppressant, a vintage lamp, a chunk of marble, a harpoon, a sword, a baton, a switchblade, four opened containers of Tesco buscuits, a miniature painting of King George, a cat toy, an antique hypodermic syringe and needle in a moroccan leather case, a slipper filled with tobacco, another slipper filled with rolling papers, four wigs, a trilby, spirit gum, a makeup case, a basket of taxidermic kittens, a bag of sand, a signet ring, three electric kettles, thirteen pairs of sunglasses, personal lubricant, a sheaf of drawings, mostly flowers and plants, but several quick sketches of a child, a luchador’s mask, a Diamond Jubilee memorial plate, a novelty phone in the shape of an American football, eyedrops, a DSL camera, Wine Gums, a stack of miscellaneous photographs, a grinder full of pink Himalayan salt, four .22 gauge bullets, a book with flowers pressed between its leaves, a dusty bottle of wine, a bag of Jordan almonds, seventeen pounds forty in change, a tiki torch, six lighters, a box of matches, a crushed, half-full pack of French cigarettes, an alarm clock, two hammers, a spanner, a screwdriver, an iron, seven elastics, seven bars of incredibly expensive soap, moisturizer, nineteen bottles of hair products, nail clippers wrapped in a flannel, a half empty bottle of paracetamol, three stale joints, a tin of beans, a crocheted afghan, scotch tape, three folded maps of London, one folded map of the Great Britain, a tin of tacks, a clipboard, three cans of spray paint, an autoharp, an extension cord, an electric razor, a woven mat, six pads full of handwritten chemical equations, a very dirty cot blanket, a box of plasters, a stack of newspapers from 2009, a pamphlet talking up the salvation of Christ, fourteen unmarked videotape cassettes, two sets of sheets that felt better than any cloth had a right to feel, an armload of sheet music, a police I.D. in the name of Elisabeth Gregson, two boxes of messily full file folders, an art poster of a human skull, and a game of Cluedo – to Sibelius.
Tragedy had touched him personally, long ago, and since then he tried to help others through theirs. And he had a small yellow dog.
I wrapped my fingers around his fat, damp prick and John gasped. I pushed him back against my bed and knelt. Before he had a chance to sit up properly, I took him in my mouth. His moan was enchanting. I licked the slick head, tasting him, teasing him, running my tongue down the shaft to kiss his heavy sac, then back up to his glans. I swallowed as much as I could, his girth stretching my mouth. I bobbed until I felt him pressing down my throat, then returned to teasing and licking the sensitive head and jacking his shaft. I cupped his balls and caressed his perineum and bobbed again.
I regretted the text the moment I sent it. It was stupid to make any of this about me. It was hard not to feel isolated out here... I needed to be more patient.
He caught me off guard with the question – as if he had been reading my mind. (And wasn’t that MY trick?!) “Erm, no. I knew when I was quite young that I preferred men.” I smiled grimly. “I never saw the point in putting it to a test.”
“Excuse me.” I looked up. The cook was standing in the doorway. “The gentleman you’ll be looking for, is he a tall fellow with dark hair?”
I found the trail easily. It was wet and quite muddy from last night’s downpour and I quickly discovered that my boots were not waterproof. I persevered. The view of the ocean was really quite lovely – or would be on a less foggy morning. But it was satisfying to tramp along the path. It was a difficult enough hike to force me to concentrate on my feet rather than on what – and who – awaited me back at Wallog.
Somewhat less mild, but still not troubling was when John said quite tersely to “Stop fussing!” He knew I worried about his hip – and more fundamentally, his safety from the criminal element I attracted. But he had little patience for my worries. When he was terse, I let him be no matter my concerns. At least I had thus far.
Then I saw him. Sherlock was in the alley behind the high rise with a copper. I started towards them, but stopped – I recognized the cop. He was the South Asian officer that had almost spoken to Sherlock upstairs, Officer Vaachaspati. I remembered how Sherlock had turned away from him...embarrassed...
He'd been working for several hours, examining the front of the structure from under the porch of the house opposite, when the front door opened and the hunter emerged. Today he wore a tartan raincoat with orange in its brown and white pattern over a deep forest suit. He again wore handmade wingtips, the leather of these polished to a bright, creamy orange.
Shane had quite a few questions for John about different kinds of wounds and how long it would take to die from them, what sort of damage certain weapons would wreak and what weapons had made certain wounds.
I pulled him through the doorway into a completely empty room, tatami mats covered the floor, rice paper covered the panes of the window. There was an open archway with sliding doors to another room, this one with a low table and four legless chairs on the tatami. One corner of the room had an almost invisible black sink set in a black countertop next to a cupboard with sliding doors. The only thing on the counter was an electric kettle and a black teapot. There was a bowl of fruit on the table. I looked at Sherlock questioningly.
I admit, seeing Sherlock snogging with Victor had me out of sorts. More than out of sorts – I wanted to scream when I saw them. I still wanted to scream.
“Do it.” Sherlock rasped. “Keep the wheelchair between you and him. And run when I say ‘run!’” He added in a whisper.
Hands lifted me and I was carried into the cold. I opened my eyes again. All I could see was the black cloth of a military uniform and flashes of light. It was jarring, painful, being carried this way. It was freezing.
Bruno had a Wikipedia page. There Sherlock learned that he was forty-one years old, unmarried and had sold the option on two of his books to Hollywood. His quote on the subject was a good-natured, "One option per thousand – per ten thousand – actually end up as a movie. I'll believe it when I'm invited to the premiere."
I swore – he was right. But the thought of telling him myself had my stomach roiling. I coughed and retched – I couldn’t stop retching. I threw up an alarmingly bloody measure of viscous fluid.
"Mm, sometime later. You know.. I liked Irene, she wanted a...physical relationship. I considered it, but I couldn't...I couldn't picture myself with her like that. I can't claim to be asexual, I had – have – sexual desires. I just banished them long ago when they started getting in the way of my studies, my work. I thought not wanting her, it was... confirmation... that I was meant to be celibate.
“I’ll see about getting time on the TEEM.” Dr. Mahon said, rejoining them. She looked concerned and Virginia picked it up immediately, through their link, clutching her daughter more tightly to her side. “As soon as possible.”
"Turn around and bend over the couch." John commanded. Sherlock grinned and complied. John kissed the base of his spine, nipped his buttock, then as Sherlock spread his legs, John kissed the tightly puckered hole. Sherlock moaned. John used his tongue and Sherlock spread his legs wider, giving John greater access.
John rinsed the hated conditioner from his hair. “We’ll get you some conditioner of your own.” He said. “Tomorrow. Today we’re staying in.” John stretched up and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Jesus, your mouth.” He muttered.
When I came into the room, I saw that John's bed was, as always, pristine – hospital corners without a wrinkle in the green coverlet. He'd hung two framed album covers on the wall – Eno's Here Come The Warm Jets and Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band – since I'd been in the room last. His duffel was, as usual, on top of the wardrobe. John was sitting in his chair with a novel in his lap.
Soon enough Sherlock saw the coppers’ torches approaching and then the wending path was crammed with bodies, handcuffing Angus Church, taking him away. John knelt in front of Sherlock – he’d pulled his knees into his chest for warmth, but hadn’t yet tried to stand up.
“I understand only too well.” One more try, I decided, endeavoring to calm myself down. “Listen mate, we’re straight, white men – and you’re a rich one – the world is so slanted in our favour already, why bother feeling threatened when someone else gets something?” His face told me I was right. “This is all about the title, innit? That it went to Anwen instead of Geraint?”
Sherlock sighed. He didn't care if she knew or not – but she'd hound him until he told her. "You've seen the blog, you know that my friend writes it."
Mrs. Hudson, wonderful woman that she was, herded everyone upstairs and distracted the guests with offers of tea whilst John quickly gathered up the crime scene photos before the distraught parents could see them. Then, urging John just to call if they needed anything, Mrs. Hudson went back to her flat.
