She could hear the faint, tinny echo of the audio from the other end of the line.  “We hear anything from Rogers yet?”
Steve shook his head, but his hand remained firmly clamped over his lips.  "Nope," he said, the word muffled by his fingers.  "Not at all."
It would be so easy to make this about sex.  Tony had done it before.  So many times.  Too many.  He could do it in his sleep by now, and it worked, that was why he hated it.  It worked.
“So far?  Yes.”  Steve threw himself down on the couch, his glasses crooked, his hair a mess.  He grinned up at Tony.  “Want some more pizza?”
Steve looked at her, and then at Tony, and Tony had a strangely…  Sympathetic look on his face.  His heart sinking, Steve looked back to Jan.  “Isn’t…  That a good thing?”
For a long time, they drove in silence, the streets flying by as Happy accelerated across the city.  He slowed down only as they finally approached the estate.  “He knows that.”
“More like it’s already worked,” Carol said, standing up.  “I’m getting the real menu file, the one with Golden House and Sal’s Real New York Pizzeria in it.”
"Well, this should go well,” Tony said, bouncing the phone against his palm.  “How far are we from home, Steve?”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” May said.  “You’re not going to kill him, and neither is Mr. Jarvis, gun or no.”
“There is a distinct lack of respect here,” Tony announced, stomping back to the lobby.  Clint was standing next to the main doors, pouring over what looked like a large map of the strip.  Next to him, DJ was tidying the rack, looking more relaxed than he had since he’d arrived.  “Do you ever feel like you don’t get the proper amount of respect?” Tony asked Clint.
Steve squinted at a few of the signs passing by.  He didn't speak the language, but the symbols had become universal, it seemed.  "Love is love," he said, because those were some of the few English words that were visible.  Two older women stepped around him, their arms linked together.  They were wearing masks as well.  "The masks are new."
Tony blinked at the clock, and turned to find Jarvis smiling at him, his expression amused.  “Completely different circumstance,” he pointed out.  “Completely…  It’s different.”
“Have human relations really changed that much since we were nine?” Tony shot back.  She sighed, and he smiled.  “Yeah, that's what I thought.” He shook his head. “Leave it alone, Pepper.  It's-”  He struggled to find the right word.  Not 'okay.'  It wasn't okay.  He didn't know when, exactly, it had gone from being okay to being extremely not okay, but he supposed it didn't really matter.
“And then you said, ‘but don’t worry, I’ve got one that’s just the right size for your dick,’ and you pulled a Hot Wheels car out of your pocket, like, just-” Peter spread his hands.  “You had a HOT WHEELS and you just pulled that out, and he got really red and really quiet, and you said, ‘beep beep’ in your most condescending voice and then dropped it into his beer.
She burst out laughing, the sound high and bright and lovely.  "I think I like you," she said, as Rhodes slid into the driver's seat. She leaned back in the plush seat of the car, her bag in her lap, her legs crossed neatly at the ankles.  The car pulled away from the curb, and Steve glanced back at the precinct.  Miss Potts studied him, her eyes sharp.  "Who did you annoy to get assigned to this?"
Thor frowned at him.  “That would not work, not just any bird,” he said.  He sounded deeply disapproving.  “It is very important-”
“Shocking,” Tony said.  He was smiling at Steve now, his eyes dark and warm.  “Bucky sorted him out for you.”
“I deliberately did not let any of those dates move in with you,” Pepper said.  Her phone buzzed, vibrating its way across the table, and she reached for it.  She glanced down at it, her lips going tight.  “It's Marcy, I need to take this.”
Steve rubbed a hand on the back of his neck. "I'm finding it hard to care," he admitted, and Tony ducked his head, trying to hide a smile. "Besides, you're not exactly a reliable informant, you know."
“As a matter of fact, yes, there was something for you this morning,” Jarvis said, retrieving the envelope from his tray.  He held it out, his gloved fingers immaculate against the rather dirty envelope.  “Your letters have been safely handed over to the postman, as well.”
Smiling, Steve smoothed down the blueprints next to his plate.  He didn’t know what they were for, he didn’t have the technical background to figure that out.  But he could see the artistry in them, the beauty of the lines, the smooth, steady hand that had gone into the work.  He reached out, tracing a fingertip along one arch.
Tony struggled to swallow around the lump in his throat.  “So.  That's a 'no' on inviting me to your apartment?”
“No one’s coming,” Bobbi repeated, and her voice was lower than he was expecting.  Huskier.  Like the rest of her, there was a masculine slant to that voice now.  “That’s my job.”  She stopped in front of Steve, holding out a gloved hand.  “Mockingbird.  I’m the fixer.”
“Great,” Tony said as Clint snagged the cap of the sharpie in his teeth, ripping it free.  “So, that’s a bad idea, that’s-”
“And you still lose out to canned dough, chopped into chunks, and thrown into the oven covered in cinnamon sugar,” Clint said.  He patted Tony on the shoulder as he walked behind the couch.  “How much did you spend, again?”
“Thank you,” Steve said, his hand still hanging in the air.  It dropped back to his side.  “We’ll…  Tell the rest of the team.”
He shook his head.  “I trust you,” he said.  And to be honest, this was overwhelming, in a way he couldn't really articulate.  “Thank you, Jan.”
Tony held his pose for another second before cracking.  "No, I didn't," he said, reaching for the menu.  "I found a busboy who was smoking behind the dumpster and paid him an obscene amount of money to swipe me a vest and tie."  He flipped to the back, his eyes narrowing at the entree listing.  "It was good enough to get me through the kitchen."
Steve jolted, his head swinging around.  Rhodey was floating at the edge of the pool, his arms braced on the tile.  He smiled at Steve. “Tony keeps a wide variety of swimming costumes, just for guests, bet you can find one that fits you.”
Tony rolled his eyes, and shoved his head under the shower.  “Fine,” he said, the words half lost under the pounding of the water.  “But if this doesn't go well, I'm going to blame you.”
Shuri leaned forward on the wall, her feet braced against the stone. “Nakia!” she called, and Nakia raised a hand in a wave.  Shuri cupped her hands around her mouth.  “How much do I have to pay you to take my brother off my hands?”
He was smiling at Tony like Tony was all that he wanted, all that he needed, and Tony forgot what he'd been trying to say.
Strange looked at DJ, relief flashing over his face.  “By the realms, whatever possessed you to come back here?”
“Let it go,” Coulson said, and for a half second, Tony considered following that utterly ridiculous order.
“You're very demanding for a man who is going to look fabulous in a few days.”  Jan looked at Marjorie.  “We have everything?”
“Ah, yes, sports rivalries,” Tony said.  “I do so enjoy those.”  He wandered back towards the kitchen door, and Jan stepped in front of him.  His eyes flicked up towards her.  “Ah.  You’re the one behind this most recent kidnapping attempt.”
“It might make sense,” Darcy said, shifting her bag from one arm to the other.  “Maybe each universe has a different one?  To keep track of, you know, which universe you’re from?”
Tony’s chin dipped in a nod.  “Well, the bad news is that he’s definitely involved.  The good news?”  he said, with a wry smile.  “Finding him won’t be hard.”  Steve glanced at him, and Tony met his eyes, his face tight.  “He’s locked up in the sub basement.”
“And I'm going to get myself out of this mess,” Clint said.  He wiggled a bit, his free leg flopping through the air.  “Huh.  How long until this stuff dissolves, Pete?”
Jarvis pretended to think about that.  “Logically, this is the largest party we’ve thrown in quite some time,” he said.  “And to the most discerning guests.  I should hate for the house to leave a bad impression.”
“You know what?” Carol said.  “Fair.”  She stood up.  “C’mon, Nat and Thor are sharpening weapons in front of the fire, let’s go distract Clint before he gets stabbed.”
He leaned over, dragging a satchel from under his chair.  He dug through it for a moment, finally coming up with a stack of brightly colored paper.  “Here.  Five dollars off admission.”  He peeled one of the coupons from the top of the stack and tucked it into a pamphlet, then held it out to DJ.  “Check it out.  Might be worth it.”
DJ considered him, his big, dark eyes unblinking as he thought about that.  Finally, he nodded. “Why?”
Tony grinned.  “One of these days,” he said, playing with Steve’s fingers, “I’m going to just light a fire and you can nap on the fur rug in front of it.”  He stared into the flames, a wicked smile playing around the corners of his lips.  “Stretched out, all that beautiful skin, bronzed by the fire.”
“Yeah,” Franklin said.  He scrubbed his nail against his jeans.  “I kinda still am.”  He looked at DJ.  “Are you afraid of small places?  I mean, you have a lot of, like, hidey spots and they're all small.”
Some slight warnings for non-graphic discussions of child abuse (non-sexual).  this conversation is by adults, who are safe and healthy.  But just in case.
Steve shifted in his chair, and Tony's shoulders went tight. But Steve remained silent, an Toy took a deep breath. “No,” he said, giving Marcy his full attention. “We're already running the risk of a leak, there's no reason to put anything else in writing until we need it.”
“I can still have you boxed up and put in a museum somewhere,” he said, hopping to his feet.  “You'd make a good exhibit. I might get a tax write-off for it.”
"Out, out, yes.  Not out," the boy agreed.  "But everyone should be here.  This-" He gestured again, his face bright, his cheeks flushed below the edges of his glasses.  "This is for everyone.  Tonight, it's for everyone.  But not everyone can be seen.  So-" He tapped the mask.  "If no one is seen, everyone can be seen?"
Clint grinned, then regretted that when he ended up with a mouthful of silt.  “Yeah, I bet you have.”  He fumbled at his belt, finding the right pouch by memory.  “You okay?”
Natasha pushed the door open.  “Rhodey's back, so dinner will be served in twenty minutes.”  The cat wandered past her, and her head swung in a slow arc, watching it with a bemused expression.  “What is this?”
Happy, who was hovering at the candy counter with the boys, looked up. “Coming, boss.” He slipped a few coins to one of the boys, setting of a round of cheers, then came jogging over to Tony. “Whatcha need?”
Rhodey got to his feet, dusting off the seat of his pants.  “Yeah, yeah, I'll go keep an eye on them.”
“Hi!” The girl behind the table marked with a sign that read ‘Registration’ in large, wobbly letters gave Tony a bright smile.  “Welcome to Maaagicon!”  She drew the word out, a sing-song sort of sweep to the letter a.  “Did you pre-register?”
“Well, that was a long time coming.”  Bobbi tucked her hands in her pants pockets, pushing the cloth of her trench coat back.  It bunched against her wrists, floating behind her.  “My father was a brilliant chemist,” she said.  “A good husband and father, and a very good scientist.”  She gave Steve a wry smile.  “He came to the United States to teach at Empire University, and he brought my mother along.  I was born here.”
“And this is why you're my favorite,” Tony told her.  She gave him a slight wave, turning back up the hall.  Tony took one step towards the elevator, and then paused.  “Nat?”  She looked back at him.  “Who's the one who put my name in the pool?  You know?  After Pepper?”
Happy’s head snapped up.  “Drunk?” he sputtered.  “Who you calling a drunk, you-”  He tried to stand up, wobbled on his legs and fell right back against the wall with a thump.  “I’ve never been one t’ walk away from a fight.” He brought the bottle to his lips, draining what remained in a couple of hard, fast swallows and then wrenched it away with a belch.  He wiped the back of his hand across his mouth.  “Right.  Right.”  He looked around, swaying on his feet.  “Who’s first?”
“I'm just going to let you deal with that,” Carol said.  Jan made a whining noise.  “C'mon, Jess, let's put what's left of his shirts into some boxes before Jan finds some lighter fluid.”
"You're welcome," she said. She reached for the smoothie cup, and Tony got there first.  "Excuse me, I don't think that's yours."
“Want a piggyback ride, sport?” Peter asked.  DJ nodded, and Peter crouched down to let him scramble onto his back.  “Ready?”
Tony smiled back.  “Tomorrow I have other things to do,” he said, his voice almost apologetic.   “I’ll…”  Exhaustion was a constant companion by now.  Jobs.  So many jobs.  So many things to do, to think of, to handle, to-  He shook his head, refusing to dwell on that.  “I need to get my toolbox, at least.”
“Oh.”  Steve caught himself smiling down at the package in his hands.  “Okay.”  He cleared his throat.  “I mean, it's fine if he goes home, he should-”
“No, but he’s checked the door every single time he’s in its general vicinity,” Natasha said.  “He’s rattled that doorknob about once an hour for the past two days.”
“It’s true, we do,” the guy guarding Tony’s row said, his arms folded over his chest.  “If you could keep Lewis from making a molotov cocktail from the communion wine or something, we’d appreciate it.  Agent Coulson is in a really foul mood.”  He tried for a smile.  It was a terrifying failure.  “Really foul mood.”
DJ looked up.  “Hi,” he said, as Phil set his briefcase down on the counter, finding a clear spot between the eggs and the flour.
Tony rubbed a hand over his face.  “So…  You took his blood and then sent him up onto the roof.  Because that’s safe.”
“He’s a mercenary, I’ve always known that, but now I’ve got proof,” Tony said.  “But my memories of last night are a bit…  Hazy.” Steve heard him take a deep breath.  “We’re retracing our steps.”
“Question,” Clint said, his chin leaning on the back of his chair.  “Does anyone in this room feel the need to be in any way truthful with the press?”
“All of them?” he asked, as the doors opened.  “Really.”  He slipped past Steve, light on his feet when he wanted to be.  “I'm hurt, Cap.”
As Steve watched, his pulse thudding in his ears, Tony reached out and tossed another log into the flames, shadows playing along the sharp planes of his face as he poked it into place.  He drew one leg up, leaning his forearm against the curve of his knee, and the fabric of the shirt shifted against his skin, dipping into the angle of his shoulder, the arch of his back.  He was beautiful and graceful and unearthly, untouched or untroubled by the cinders that floated past him like falling stars.
“It's my goddamn suit and I'll wear it if I want to,” Tony said.  “I can get one of the lightweight ones, light on weapons systems and-”
“Which is why I’ll be telling him,” Steve said cheerfully.  He stopped in front of the boys.  “You little punks have anything to say to Mr. Stark?”
"I wasn't planning on it, no," Steve said, his eyebrows arching.  "I mean, took me this long to get into a relationship."  He shrugged.  "It was exhausting, to be honest, I don't know how people manage to juggle several."  He leaned forward, his eyes opened wide in a mock expression of confusion.  "Unless you mean, am I worried about Tony cheating on me?"
“You gotta admit, man, this is a fucked up situation, this is a problem that you are going to deal with, but no, I don't think that you giving Tony your tags and finding it hot that he actually chose to wear them is one of those problems.”  He shrugged.  “Welcome to a long history of military folk who've given someone the least romantic present either.”
“Yes, we will, we just need a disguise,” Clint said, cutting around a column.  The car was waiting and he wrenched the back door open, tossing the unicorn into the trunk.  “Everyone in.”
“I’m…  Good, thanks,” Tony said.  He leaned against the table next to Steve, smiling down at him.  “What’s the verdict, Cap?”
DJ took a deep breath, and Strange’s hand, using it to scramble back to his feet. “I-”  He reached out, pressing on the portal and it held, elastic and solid, as if an unseen veil had descended.  DJ reared back and crashed forward, hitting it hard.
She stared at him, her opal eyes gleaming.  “He is a child of magic, Tony, and you are not comfortable with that.  And that means, he is not comfortable with it.  He is not comfortable with reminding you that it even exists.  On his most elemental level, he is at war with himself, because being too much of what he is, too obvious, too visible, then he has to run the risk that you hate magic more than you love him.”
Jarvis arched an eyebrow at him.  “Indeed,” he said, taking the glass.  “And so you decided to come to your breakfast, instead of waiting for your breakfast to come to you.”
Jan's eyes narrowed.  She stood up, drawing herself to her rather insubstantial height. “Everyone,” she said, her chin up, “I shall be throwing a gala in a month's time.”
Tony paused as the rest of the team came scrambling in from all directions.  He stared up at Nat.  “Cap?  You okay?”
"There are four shelters in the city who will take in LGBTQ kids, and two that focus their efforts on those kids."  The lobby was quiet, and her voice was hushed, almost lost beneath the sound of their footsteps.  "All of them draw a majority of their funding from the Maria Stark Foundation.  They're always full.  But there's an agreement."  She shook her head.  "If the kid comes with a card, they won't be turned away for lack of space.  He made sure of it."
“I’ll try not to take wedding photos with Darcy again, but we live in weird times, Phil,” Clint said.  “I can’t promise anything.”  He grinned.  “I won’t tell anyone we’re eloping, though.  I just thought, you know, it’s obvious that was a lie.”
“He is a very good berry picker,” Bruce said, setting his baskets down.  “Very patient, very gentle with the plants.”  He smiled at DJ, who smiled back.  “You were a big help.  Thank you.”
“I regret it more than you, it's such fun watching you give cooking lessons to the chef in French,” Stark said.  He gave the pool a wistful look.  “I don't suppose I could convince you to combine business and pleasure?”
“You know, you’ve ruined me for dirty talk forever, I hope you know that, I used to be so blase about the whole thing,” he grumbled, pulling Steve’s belt free with a twist of his wrist.  “Suck this, slap that, yatta yatta yatta.”
Steve struggled against a smile.  “I have a gun,” he said, stopping in front of the table.  It stretched between them, an unfathomable barrier.  “You made it, actually.”
“Then let’s get this party started.”  She set a certificate down on the desk.  “Sign here, you’ll be taking it with you.  Registry is right to your left, feel free to put a pseudonym, but honestly, people’ll think it’s a joke either way.” Clint held out a name tag to her, and she took it.  “What’s this?”
“And what do you propose we do when the chokee wakes up?” Natasha asked.  “Because he will wake up.  And likely remember being choked.”
“I wouldn’t mind,” Tony managed.  He glanced up, meeting Stane’s eyes without flinching.  “And it’s my carpet, I’ll stain it however I please.”
“It...  Is not,” Steve said, and Tony burst out laughing.  “Right.” Steve made another grab for it, and Tony scooted his chair out of reach.  “Comics where everywhere when I was a kid!  Everyone had comics!  Now there's like half a page in the newspaper and no one knows what 'Terry and the Pirates' was, I just wanted to read comics, Stark!”
Bobbi wrapped an arm around Bruce’s shoulders.  “C’mon, bossman.  You can take out your stress on the hedges tomorrow.”
“I feel like this is a lie,” Tony said to Pepper.  “I feel like, I’m going to get to the cake, and then I’ll be told that it’s too late for coffee, and that I may have some with my breakfast.  And when I get to breakfast, I’ll be told that it’s not healthy to drink coffee so early.”
"Is to find every thing that should not be, and say, this is the last time we will stomach this. This is it. This." He stabbed his finger down. "This is where we draw the line."
"Fuck you," Tony grumbled, but held no heat.  He slumped against the door, his head braced against the window.  He sniffed, scrubbing at his nose with the back of one hand.  "Fucking leaf juice."
And he was absolutely not doing that again.  No matter how much he wanted to, and oh, God, did he want to.
“Roll with it, kid, it’s not the weirdest thing you’ll hear if you keep hanging around us,” Clint said, handing Wanda a nametag that read ‘The Red Menace.’  She gave him a look, and he blew her a kiss.  His nametag was neatly printed with ‘Ask me about arrows!’
“Good morning to me,” Tony whispered against Steve’s mouth, and he was sure that he felt Steve smile.  “Now, what-”
“TIME FOR SCIENCE!” the clock said, in a tone just under a shriek.  Bruce pressed it again.  “TIME FOR SCIENCE!”
Light flickered around her fingertips, like sparks falling from a child’s sparkler.  She stepped around Harris, her hand coming up, and he couldn’t look away from her fingers.  The light seemed to settle on his skin, in his eyes, on his lips.  It was…
“Sir will have a boiled egg today,” Jarvis said, because no one listened to him around here.  “Perhaps a soft boiled egg with some toast points to dip into the yolk, if he also agrees to eat a baked apple.”
Steve tucked his hands in his pockets, his shoulders tipped forwards.  “I don't know.  You seem pretty decent from here,” he said.
“Double fisting chocolate corn dogs!” Clint told her with a wide grin.  "Keep objecting and I'll end up like Wolverine with a corn dog between each finger."
“To hell with my father,” he gritted out.  “Are you-”  He stopped, just in time, humiliation washing over him like a wave.  He bent his head back over his schematics, ignoring the way the images wouldn’t quite stay in focus.
He shook his head.  “One by one, the royal line dwindled.  Until Phillips was all that was left.  When he died-”  His mouth went tight.  “There was no heir, Captain.  There was just half a dozen nobles, all of whom wanted the throne and none of whom had a real claim to it.
Hogan swept his hat off his head, bobbing something like a bow.  “In the flesh, in the flesh.”  He slapped his cap against his thigh.  “Went down the t' the station, looking for you, they said you weren't on duty tonight.”
"Because I think that the last option will encourage vagrants, and as much as I've always wanted my own personal Hooverville, I'm going to have to decline."
Tony kicked the chair next to him away from the table.  “Steve.  Sit down.”  Steve took the chair, sinking down next to him.  When they were on the same level, Tony's head tipped in his direction, his lips twitching.  “If I didn't want this, I would've told Jan no.”
“Oh.” Tony leaned back in his chair, one hand cradling the back of DJ’s head. “Are you surrendering, then?”
“Yeah, but I thought he'd have more sense, and more frugality,” Tony said. “I dropped a glass in the living room once and he came running out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel, ready to fight whatever villain had managed to hide under the piano.” He scraped a hand over his face. “And that... That didn't break me.”
Steve managed a nod, heading for the door at a quick clip.  The wind hit him as soon as he stepped outside, cutting through the fabric of his sweatshirt and shirt as if they weren’t there.  Behind him, Sam muttered a curse under his breath, and Steve smiled.  “You can still go back to bed.”
"I'm working on it," Steve said.  He looked at Tony, his expression full of happiness.  "Mad at me?"
“Officer Rogers, this is Bruce,” Natasha said, tapping her spoon against the rim of the bowl.  “Bruce, this is Officer Rogers.”
He took a deep breath.  “It's easy to assume everyone else is just as hazy as I am,” he said.  He glanced at DJ, who was staring at him, dark eyes unblinking from behind the rise of his knees.  “But I suppose you weren't drinking as much as I was, back then.”
“I’ll pass,” Tony said, sneaking a tiny eclair instead.  “I’ve already promised to pay for this disaster in the making, why am I here?”
“No,” Tony repeated.  “You are going to Harris’ apartment.  You are going to go pet a cat and play video games with Darcy and, I don’t know, I’m sure your Strange will bring your homework, you’ve got homework, don’t you?  You’re going-”
“I’d say no, but when you put it that way, it’s pretty tempting,” Steve said, shifting his chair away from the table, intending to get up so Tony could take his seat.  Before he could, Tony was behind him, leaning over his shoulder, and Steve froze.
“That’s the trauma of culinary school talking, you know that, right?” Tony asked, tipping his head up so that Steve could kiss him.
Tony rolled over, pulling the blankets with him, jerking them up over his shoulder as he went.  Soft.  Heavy.  Warm.  He curled up, his legs folding up towards his chest, and concentrated on breathing.
He took a breath, thinking about that.  Natasha waited, patient as she ever was, and DJ took her hand, clasping her fingers tightly.  “Okay.”
“Right,” Clint said.  He dusted his hands on his thighs and pushed himself upright, heading for the icebox.  “Tell you what, Rogers, I'm just going to start cooking, and you can eat what you want.”
“It's so nice to know that you're there to keep them on the straight and narrow,” Pepper said, sipping her lemonade.
“Crosstown bus in New York at rush hour is a magical experience of a whole different kind,” Harris said cheerfully.  “You ought to experience it at least once.”
Tony tapped a fingertip against the crystal face of his watch.  “To the second.”  He leaned back, considering the graceful sweep of the clock’s hand.  “To say that it’s doing better than it was before he took it apart would be accurate, but also damning him with faint praise.  The damn thing was always more decorative than functional.”
“Your parents,” Steve said, and Tony went still.  Steve tapped his right elbow.  “Your father’s company.  And-” He tapped the left. “Your Sicillian mother.”
“Working on it,” Steve said, reluctantly putting the bag aside.  His suit was hanging in the closet and he grabbed it.  “Bucky decided I needed a wakeup call.”  A suspicious sound from Isaiah brought him up short.  He stopped, the suit falling to his side.  “You know, until I met you, I thought the word ‘chortle’ was made up.”
His head inclined just a fraction of an inch.  "Of course, Miss Potts."  He collected the coffee cup from in front of Tony. "May I get you some tea?  Or perhaps a lemonade?"
“I'm fine,” Steve said.  He met Tony's eyes, and there was a scuff just under his left eye, a mark of ash or dirt.  “I am fine, Tony.  You can stop asking.”
Fury pushed himself to his feet.  “Finish your soup,” he said, collecting the other half of his sandwich.  “I’ll arrange for a car.”  Harris opened his mouth and Fury held up a hand, stopping him dead.  “You will not be taking the subway.”
"I'll buy you a gallon of paint and a drop cloth if it results in me getting to sleep in on Friday morning," Sam said.
“No,” Tony said.  “But LGBTQ people have to deal with it.  Because the moment you exist, fully and openly, people consider that you've opened the topic up for public conversation.”  He gave Steve a sarcastic sort of smile.  “After all, if you didn't want to answer questions about your sex life, then why start talking about your sexuality?”
“Yes.”  DJ painted a smile on the cookie, his lower lip caught between his teeth.  The frosting mixed in fascinating, difficult to predict ways.  He dragged the tip of his brush across the gingerbread man’s face, watching the colors bleed into each other.  “Laundry.”
“Oh!” Steve reached up, his fingers wrapping around the strap.  He gave it a tug, adjusting the shield on his back. “It’s a lot lighter than it looks.”
Clint scraped a hand over his face.  "Right," he said at last, because Jarvis seemed to be waiting for a response.  "He knows they don't care about perfect, right?  They're just aiming for alive and happy?"
“Sports,” Steve said.  “He…  Likes sports.”  He tried the words on for size and they didn’t fit at all.
“Of course you do.”  Tony was about to say something else, when his eye caught something on the bottom of the box of books.  He leaned over, digging out the slim volume.  “Steve?”  Steve looked up.  Tony straightened up, holding a copy of 'Ouran High Host Club,' volume 8.  “Do we need to talk about this?”
“Yeah, but I took it off,” Steve said. She stared at him. He shrugged. “I hate ties. Feels like I'm strangling.”
Peter was perched at the island in the middle of the room, a thick slice of bread in one hand and a spoon in the other.  “I don’t know.”  Bruce frowned at him over the top of one of his own school books.  Peter spread his hands wide, almost knocking over his milk.  “It’s not on the test,” he said, taking a quick bite of his oatmeal.  “Can we just focus on what’s going to be on the test?”
Clint straightened up, his eyes narrowing in Tony’s direction.  “Oui,” he said, the singular word hard as a rock.
Tony didn't even know he was reaching for the helmet until he felt the weight of it between his palms.  “Get me a red one,” he said, turning it over in his hands.  “I've got a theme going on here, and you're ruining it.”
“Peter, don’t argue with me,” she said, and just like that, he was dismissed, as she turned her attention back to Jarvis.  “Arson?”
Trip watched, curious, as he walked back to the door of the lobby, throwing it open.  He leaned out.  “They’ll do it, do you want to come in and look?”
“Wins,” Clint repeated.  He picked up his spoon.  “And you’re still not asking the important question.”
The man pushed himself up out of his chair.  It took about five minutes for him to get fully upright, and once he was there, he stopped, as if he'd forgotten why he bothered.  Tony stared at him.  He stared back.  "Wait here," he said at last, picking up both of their passports and their Avengers paperwork.  Then, without another word, he toddled off towards a door in the rear of the customs office.
Steve smiled at her, a slight twitch of his lips.  “They've been saying I'm heterosexual all this time.  So people seem to have no problems with assigning labels to me without bothering to ask me.  I don't see how this is any different.”
“Perhaps you should go upstairs,” Clea said, her voice bright, as Strange brought up both hands, light forming into complex patterns around his fingertips.  “The lilies have been…  Disrespectful.”
His legs went out from under him, and the stairs rushed up to meet him, a collection of poorly stacked blocks that were falling out from under him.
“So I left that world, I left that position, and I left a lot of things behind.  I don't regret it, I kept what mattered.  A purpose, Bucky, my sense of self.  I got the truck, I got-” He waved a hand around.  “I got this place.  But for a lot of people, what I did was a comedown, or an insult to what they'd achieved, and...”
Obie sank into a chair, and it was the one that Steve had sat in last night, and for some reason, Tony resented that.  Obie reached out, picking up a piece from the table, rolling it between his fingertips.  “Tony.”
Steve sank down onto the bench, exhaustion sweeping over him like a wave.  "My significant other goes to space," he said, scraping a hand over his face.  "Does that count?"
Laughing, T’Challa did the same.  “Your Majesty.”  He thrust out a hand, and King Nicholas took it, dragging him in for an easy hug.  T’Challa thumped him on the back for a moment, then leaned back to consider him.  “It has been too long.  You look well!”
Steve's stomach iced over, a sickening twist of humiliation slicing through him.  For an instant he was frozen in place, trapped in his guise of a child playing dress-up, the kite still clutched in one hand, pinned by the realization that Stark must've seen the entire ridiculous thing.  Stark had seen him swinging a stick at a cat, like the idiot that he was, hiding behind a damaged kite.  And now he was standing there, one eyebrow arched in mocking consideration, his face amused.
“Well, there’s this,” Tony said, and before Steve could stop him, he slipped his hands under the hem of Steve’s t-shirt.  Laughing, Steve tried to catch his wrists, and Tony clambered onto the bed, straddling Steve’s legs.  Almost nose to nose, Tony grinned at him.  “This also works.”
He stared down at the greenhouse, wondering if what he'd seen has just been the moonlight reflecting off of the panes.  He braced a hand on the sill, his eyes narrowing as he tried to make sense of it.
Tony ducked, instincts taking over, as paper came fluttering at him.  He caught a page, turning it over.  “What do you mean ‘another-’”
"Trust me, no one is more traumatized and horrified by this than I am," Tony said.  He drained the smoothie.  He gave Sue a thin lipped smile.  "I would've thought that Reed would've told you about this.  Because Reed absolutely knows about him."
Steve’s eyebrows arched, his teeth flashing in a grin, and Tony nodded.  “Right.  You’re trying to kill me.  Right.”  He pulled away, and that hurt, that was actually painful.  He headed for the sink.  “God, you are going to kill me.”
Steve never tired of watching it.  He braced a shoulder against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest.  He took a deep breath.  “We’re not repeating…  What?” he asked, and Tony’s head tipped in his direction, his eyes hidden beneath the sweep of his lashes.
“And Stark being Stark, he just kind of stopped.  Because I don’t know if you’ve figure this out yet,” Clint said.  “But he likes a puzzle.  He likes things he doesn’t understand.  Most people as smart as he is, they don’t like to acknowledge anything or anyone that challenges their standing as the smartest guy in the room.  But Stark…”
Tony plated up some bread, ignoring it when the fridge started beeping, angry about its own door.  “It’s the same amount of effort to make two sandwiches as it is to make one and unless I’m actively involved in making a sandwich, I don’t think of of food.  So it’s not like I’m going to make you dinner one night unless it’s an afterthought to my own dinner.”
“I got opera gloves and like, fingerless lace gloves.”  Darcy’s voice floated over the top of the display, and Tony had no idea what row she was in, but it wasn’t this one.  “Or.  And hear me out, here, I want you to seriously consider-”
“She lived in space before we started dating, she comes back to earth for me,” Sam said.  He grinned at Steve.  “You okay?”
“It’s magic,” Clea said, folding her arms on the edge of the workbench.  Her fingers played idly with a row of numbers, mixing them up with no regard for the mess she was making.
Tony scrambled for the door, or he tried to, but Steve had his arms around Tony's waist now, holding him well off the ground.  He was laughing, Tony could hear it, and feel it, his back plastered against Steve's chest, Steve's body warm even through the wet layers of their clothes.  Steve hunched forward, his fingers slipping on Tony's stomach, making a grab for his shirt as Tony twisted in his grip.  The rain was coming down hard now, and by the time Tony managed to get free, he was already soaked through.
A ball of paper arced through the air, hitting him in the back of the head.  Without looking, he pointed behind him.  “I know that was you, Rhodes, and I accept your disrespect as a sign of your innate jealousy.”
Tony grabbed a piece of metal with a neat hole in the center.  "What makes this?" he asked, tapping the hole, then holding it out to DJ.  DJ's fingers traced the edges of the hole, pressing against the smooth bore in the metal, and then shot over to the toolbox, coming back with the hand drill.  "Right," Tony said.  "Drill."  He printed the word as he said it, sweeping his work aside to make more space.  "This is a drill."  He tapped the word, and DJ stared at it, his brow furrowed.
“Wait.” Jan’s head popped up.  “Sam?” A bright smile broke over her face.  “Why are we getting Sam flowers?”
May turned away, crossing to the window and throwing it open.  She leaned out, drew in a deep breath, and let out a scream that made Tony jump.  She turned back to them, the bat balanced on the curve of her shoulder, her white hair a wild cloud around her calm face.  “There.  That should bring someone running, quick enough.”
Slowly, awkwardly, DJ pushed himself into a sitting position, dragging his legs up and wrapping his arms around them again.  He braced his chin against his knees, his eyes blinking as he considered Tony.  “Steve?”
“Yeah, well, that's normal.” Ellen strode across the newsroom. “Okay, bossman, what have I done now?”
Jarvis’ face relaxed.  “It means, sir, that DJ is a very active child,” he said, and Tony told himself that he absolutely could not see a faint glint of humor in Jarvis’ eyes.  “Just as you were.  We should expect a certain number of bruised arms, skinned knees, and sprained joints.”  One eyebrow arched.  “I kept quite a record of your own scrapes and bruises, for fear that someday, I should be accused of not taking proper care of you.”
“Better?” this version of Tony Stark said, his head tipping forward.  “Was it everything you’d hoped for?”
"Yeah, but you can't pull off hers."  There was a pause, then, "You okay?" Tony asked, his voice soft, and Steve looked up at him.
Jarvis slipped into the room, stopping just inside the door.  “Your aunt thought you might be getting into trouble,” he said to Peter.
“Wait to thank me until the work is done,” Tony said.  He swung around the counter, boosting himself up onto a stool with a fluid, easy grace.  One leg swung back, the toe of his worn boot catching the wooden leg, bracing his body as he leaned forward.  He rolled up his sleeves to the elbow.  “Is it running slow?  Fast?” He glanced at Steve, and reached for a magnifying lens.  “Not running at all?”
“We all want that,” Steve said, grinning at her.  He handed her a stack of napkins.  “Tell him I sent you and he'll give you some extra guac.”
“You realize I've dug through worse for less,” Steve said, and Luke walked past, snagging the bag from Carol.
Tony walked across the room, and, without a word, threw himself onto the bed. Steve frowned, reaching out to stroke a hand over Tony's hair.  “Tony?” he asked, cautious now.  “What's-”
“Yeah, him,” Darcy said, hooking a thumb in Harris’ direction.  He raised a hand and wiggled his fingers in an apologetic wave.
“Did you make a quilt?” Clint said, helping Phil pull it out.  “Did you make a quilt out of the t-shirts that Phil told you to steal?”
Tony took a seat on the couch next to him, his lips twitching.  There was something beautiful about Steve, something bright and buoyant and real, and he envied it.  Some small, detached part of him wondered if he could just do this.  Maybe he could.  Maybe he could live like this, with no end date, no cutoff.  Steve seemed comfortable with it, Steve seemed...
A little warning here for some stressful situations.  A small amount of child endangerment (self inflected because DJ is a dumbass) and some parental arguments.
Tony stopped.  “Because the kid thought his best bet in getting home was to ask our Strange for help, and I didn’t have an answer for that other than, sure, why the fuck not, because some idiot gave him a set of armor, and if I ever meet his father, I’m going to break his nose, let’s just make that clear.  I don’t-”
“On the bed is fine, thank you,” she said, dusting off her hands on her crisp apron.  “We'll want it all cleaned and dusted before we open even a single box.”  Her head tipped towards Jarvis, her mouth forming a flat line.  “A quick day's work, he says.”
“Well, if you're not frolicking, what is your plan?” Tony asked.  He reached for a wrench.  Maybe a little bit of physical labor would get his head back where it should be.  He doubted it, though, Rogers was already taking up more space inside his brain than he should.
"You always say 'in college' as if you don't think I'll remember that you started college at fourteen and finished it at, what, nineteen?" Steve asked.
“See?” Tony asked, and Steve got the feeling that Tony wasn’t washing his hair so much as playing with it now.  “Was that so hard?”
In front of the fireplace, there was a small table, the top set with a pattern of black and white squares, and a deep drawer set in the side.  Steve gave it a tug, revealing a set of carved chess pieces.  He picked up the black king.  “Hey, Deej.  Do you remember this?” His face lit up, and he deserted the billiard table.  Steve moved aside, showing him the contents of the drawer.  “Want to play?” he asked.
They looped around the top floor first, the carpet muffling the sound of their steps, and Furbro padding along behind them.  DJ trailed his fingers along the polished wood of the bannister, and Steve kept a careful eye on the gallery below them.  For once, the house seemed quiet and still, and there was no movement outside.
“Thanks.  I think.” Steve looked at Nicholas.  “I don’t doubt you, your Majesty, but if what you’re saying is true, then-”
"Oh, well, if Beyoncé had been single, this would never have happened," Steve agreed, tossing his hands in the air.  "I might be gay, but Beyoncé transcends sexuality."
Laughing, Tony dug through the tissue to find a third coffee cup.  “‘I only date superheroes,’” he read.  “Look, buddy, it’s only the one.  One superhero.”
“I think about murdering my male colleagues at least twice a day,” Jane said, looking up at Thor with a lovesick grin.  He was laughing as he kissed her lips.
“If you would like,” Jarvis said, “I can give you a schedule, and a clock.  Then if you are unsure of what is happening, or you require reassurance as to what is expected of you, you will be able to check.”
It was the sort of think a schoolboy would do, wasn't it?  Scribbling the name of a crush in a notebook or the wall of an alley.  Making some small claim on that name, on that person.
He shook off the thought, and headed down the hallway, his footsteps muffled on the carpet.  Halfway to the stairs, he caught a hint of movement out of the corner of his eye, and stopped, turning towards the windows.  From here, he had a full view of the back lawn, all the way down to the pond by the far end of the property.  Now that he was looking, everything seemed still, no hint of movement, and no one in view.  But something had moved.  Something had...
Steve choked on a laugh.  “I’ll forgive you,” he said, trying to sound stern.  “Tony, maybe not so much.  Can I talk to him, Peter?”
“I know,” Steve said, his face tipped up towards the sky, catching the last of the raindrops in the palm of his hand.
“Right, now I’m worried,” he mumbled, looking back at his computer.  God, he hated menus and online ordering and he hated this website.  He really hated this website. “Do we really need mini fruit covered cheesecakes?”
Clint shrugged.  “Watched it anyway, but I'd also find somewhere to hide for a few days.”  He reached out, rubbing DJ's head with an easy hand.  “Also throw in some middle of the night candy.  In for a penny, in for a pound, huh, kid?”
“Have you misplaced someone?” Steve asked, leaning against the SHIELD transport right next to Tony, his arms crossed over his chest.  Tony stifled a smile, bending his head over his work to hide it.  He loved it when Steve put on the 'gosh golly gee whiz Captain America' voice.  It was always a delight.
“Just give up and grab a roll of paper towels.  If the holidays are about anything, they’re about giving up and accepting your family can’t be trusted with your carpets,” Tony said.  He held out a hand.  “Give me the cups.”
Shuri opened her eyes as wide as possible and plastered a smile on her face.  “I love your dress!  Who is your family forcing you to marry?”
DJ looked up at him.  Clint paused.  “It’s fine!”  DJ gave him a slow, sad shake of his head, and Clint caught the food coloring.  “What’s wrong with it?”
DJ bit chewed on his bottom lip.  “Everyone does,” he said, and Val's head tipped in his direction, a slight smile on her lips.  He tried to smile back.  “Don't they?”
Clint braced a hand against the column, his body finding an empty space behind her by rote.  “Are they going at it again?” he asked, his voice pitched low.
"Good try there, with the lying.  That was a good, solid, college try," Tony said.  "Why are you wearing glasses?"
DJ heard the question as if from a distance, his attention focused on the car window.   There was no pattern to the lights outside, no way of classifying the way they sparked and flickered, each sign on its own timing, each pathway illuminated by a slightly different shade, a slightly different brightness.  It was like trying to find the symmetry in a war, in the way that they bounced off of each other, the way they battled and fought and found small holes in each others defenses.
Tony was already shaking his head.  "I'm fine," he said, fumbling for his phone again.  "I have a, I don't know, it's a farm thing, on my phone.  DJ plays it.  I just unlocked goats."  He paused, squinting down at the screen.  "I'm not sure I want to invest in goats.  They're very expensive.  It's...  I have a budget here."
He was so close, and so familiar, and despite everything, Steve wanted him so badly that it hurt.  Even he knew better, awkward and fumbling and stupid as he was, he knew better.  This was neither the time, nor the place, too many things unsaid, too much hurt and fear and uncertainty.
She took it from him.  “It might as well have been a second skin and that shirt's not much better,” she said, frowning at his chest.  “Jarvis!”
Steve’s face relaxed into a grin, and DJ felt his shoulders relax at the same time.  “I can see how that would be helpful.” He leaned back in his seat.  “I’ll pick you up at six, then.”
“You asked.  I said yes.  DJ’s here.  Everyone else’ll understand, as long as we make it legal later, and they get to be there to make our lives hell.  But we’re here.  So.”  Tony stepped in, his chin coming up.  “Marry me.”
Tony grabbed the back of DJ's shirt, dragging him to a stop.  DJ leaned forward, his feet kicking at the ground, the candlestick swinging wildly through the air.  “Am I the only one who is sane here?” Tony managed.
“I’ve been kissed by half the team and not the one I was hoping for,” Steve gritted out, his eyes darting towards Sam’s before he went back to scanning the room.  Tony had been here a minute ago, he was sure of it, but now he couldn’t-
"Pure liquid malice.  Hate in a semi-solid state," Tony agreed, stopping the video with a flick of his wrist.  He dropped the phone to the bed.  "Sorry."
Harris nodded.  “Right,” he said, giving Agatha a wary look.  “DJ, can we go back to the you’re an AI thing?”
“I’ll stop her,” Steve said, and then immediately amended that to, “I’ll TRY to stop her, it depends on how much she’s actually committed to the idea.”
“I’m going to have this tweet blown up to a poster size, and get it framed, and mount it on the wall of the restaurant,” Tony said.  Across the bar, Carol was laughing hysterically, her head buried in her arms, and Natasha was dumping vodka straight into their Scorpion bowl, and Thor had given his broom to Peter.   Tony grinned at him.  “Don’t sweep for him, Parker.  Don’t-”
The blonde watched him go, his arms crossed over his chest.  “He gets to pick the venue,” he said to Trip.
“Yes, I but know him a bit better than you do,” Rogers said, his voice cool and polite.  “So.  If you don't mind Mr. Stark?”
“I will throw you off this balcony, Sam,” Steve said, through clenched teeth. “I will- Straight off.”
Bobbi hummed under her breath.  “Right,” she said.  “Though I think I have something you want to discuss.”  Steve glanced back, and she smiled.  “I’m hearing that you’ve been asking everyone how they ended up as part of the household.”
"That's not-"  Steve made a face.  "He didn't invite me to live with him, just to move in with him."  He stopped.  "Or maybe he invited me to move in, but not-"  He stopped.  Sam was staring at him, his expression incredulous.  Steve propped his hands on his hips.  "You know what I mean."
His eyes closed, and he took a deep breath.  “It’s-”  A spark flicked around his fingertips, a crackle of something almost like static electricity.  “Lock.  It’s a lock.”
“I make no promises,” Tony said.  Once Bruce had slipped out of the room, pulling the door shut behind him, he looked back to Obie.  “I’m fine.”
Stark looked at him, his face relaxing into a lopsided smile.  Without thinking, Tony smiled back, a mirror image of that smile.  “Know what?” Stark asked.  “This Parent Trap shit’s growing on me.”  He slid into the back seat.
“They're cutting me off, so yes, time to move on to someplace that doesn't know I've already hit my caffeine consumption for the day,” Tony said.  “If you ever schedule a meeting for this obscene hour again, Potts, I'll have you deposed.”
“Yeah, uh, your name came up on the phone, and the picture he has attached to your phone number is, it’s just wow.  Really.”
Bruce closed his book.  “You needed it,” he said.  “I’m usually not in favor of sleeping pills, Tony, but working yourself into complete collapse isn’t, it isn’t a good idea.  It’s certainly not healthy.”
“Oh, I did, but someone removed it,” Tony said, setting the poker back into the rack.  “With a great deal of enthusiasm, as I recall.  Heaven only knows where it ended up.”
"And she's still lying," Tony told him.  He ripped apart a garlic knot, gesturing with the chunk of dough.  "I mean, they're either hers or Luke's, and Luke would own up to it.  He owns up to the copy of 'Bambi' that's in there."
“And look intimidating,” Jan said, smiling down at her paperwork.  “Reed, Hank’s hiding down in the lounge, probably playing a game of solitaire of his own design, I’d appreciate it if you’d go distract him for a bit.”
Tony inclined his head in a half-bow.  “Deal,” he said, extending his hand.  She took it with a pleased chuckle of laughter, giving it a firm shake.
Steve shook his head.  "Whatever you're making, I'll eat.”  It wasn't much of an exaggeration.  “What do you have?”
“Because of Steve, or because of the cat?” Tony asked, and Steve switched over to petting his hair.  Tony batted at his hand.  “If you start scratching me on the back of the neck-”
“I’m better off not knowing the details, most of the time,” Clint said.  “Though in this case, Phil dropped the dime on the situation, so-”
Tony was fighting them, howling at them, but he was up, he was alive, and they had him.  Steve swiveled on his heel, the garbage can lid up in front of him, muscle memory pulling him through.  Not one.  Never one.  One could fail.  One would fail.  Something public like this, something this risky, not one, there would be more, there would be-
Wanda reached for a cookie.  “It’s a long story.”  She took a bite.  “I think that we really need everyone, if you’re going to-”
Steve tensed, but Natasha just shook her head, a fond smile on her face.  "Ah, I see.  It's all your fault, then," she said to DJ, who grinned at her around a piece of toast he'd snuck off of Steve's plate.  "Would you like some milk with your breakfast?  Or some juice?"
Tony collected his drink and turned, expecting to find Steve right behind him.  Instead, he came face to face with two young women.  “Hi,” he said, because they were staring at him, eyes wide behind their masks.  The two looked at each other, whispering to one another.  Amused, Tony took a sip of his drink.  “Can I help you two?”
“Absolutely am,” Harris said, as firmly as he could manage.  They joined the line for the register, and he did his best not to be distracted by the candy rack.
“Better than most.”  She leaned her elbows on the table, her chin braced on her folded hands.  “But they decide at last that we’d bring him out to the grasslands outside of the city, assign a few guards to keep an eye on him, and make him as uncomfortable as possible.”
The following characters have not appeared in the MCU (or are present only in the Netflix series so far):
Tony took a bite of pasta, because anything that would've come out of his mouth would've just humiliated him.  He chewed carefully, and swallowed.  “I can do breakfast,” he said.  “Not so good with dinner.  I can make a sandwich, or heat up soup.  But not much more than that.”
The HUD beeped.  DJ blinked as the network information scrolled in front of him, shoving the Roomba away again as it snuggled up against him.  “Wait.  Wait, are you-”
The words echoed in the room, in the silent, still space of the studio. And somewhere, far in the back of the room, in the shadows behind the cameras, someone started to clap. It was slow, deliberate, hands coming together with a great deal of force. One person clapping, and then, two. Three. Ellen was pounding her hands together, her head down, and Victor was clapping, his eyes bright behind the lenses of his glasses. Even Joy, giving into the peer pressure, tapped her palms together, a smile on her face.
The boy was eating with the quick, almost desperate movements of someone who’d been hungry for a long time.  His eyes came up, catching Steve’s, and he made a deliberate effort to slow down, chewing carefully.  Steve gave him a smile.  “I’m Steve,” he said.
“Yeah, I don’t-” Steve started, because his face already felt hot.  Not that was unusual, it was cold and they were running, of course he’d start flushing.
"What else would he have?  Everyone knows the French are the best, when it comes to food, and Mr. Stark always makes sure to have the best," Natasha said.  There seemed to be a joke there, that Steve didn't understand, but he smiled anyway.  She turned off the sink and lifted the kettle full of water out of the gleaming sink.  She ducked around Clint to set it on the stove.  "What do you want for breakfast?"
There was a moment of silence, broken only by a choked off burst of laughter from Bucky.  T’Challa stared at her, a bemused expression on his face.  “Shuri…”
“I know, because it actually fits,” Darcy said, holding out one fist towards Tony.  He tapped his knuckles against hers with a smirk.
Bruce pressed a hand to his face.  “Right.  If I do,” he said, the words muffled against his palm, “you’ll,  I’m sure you’ll be the first to know.”
“Right.”  Tony didn’t look in his direction, but he heard Stark shift in his seat, one foot bouncing against the floor.  “Right.  So, guess your father and mine might have had some things in common.”  Stark exhaled.  “So here’s something I’ve figured out.  When you were a kid, and your father was doing the talk show circuit, relaxing on couches in front of a camera with a scotch on the rocks and few quick anecdotes?  I’m guessing you came up.”
Steve had managed to fill the box to the very brim, with no space wasted.  Battered paperbacks with dog eared pages and crisp, new hardcovers with bookmarks tucked between their pages.  There were old library books wrapped in protective plastic, the branch names that had once been stamped along the pages crossed off with black marker, and there mass market paperbacks, their sale stickers still on the covers.  There were classics with sharp, modern covers, and old hardcovers with yellowed, crumbling pages.
“Nah, I’m not interested in you, either,” Sam said with a grin.  “If I was going to give it a try with a man, it’d probably be you, but-” He spread his arms wide.  “I just really like women.  I really, really like women.”
“Yeah, the fact that Tony kept texting me til like two am, and my phone  seemed to think that might be an emergency,” Sam said, his head tipped back to stare up at the sky.  “I’m not sure if that was because the texts just kept coming, even though I didn’t acknowledge any of them, or if it was because he, you know, programmed my phone and so it thinks he’s special.”
In front of him, Rogers straightened up, and Tony spotted Stark walking across the parking lot, an overflowing cardboard cup holder in each hand.  He watched, his stomach churning, as his doppleganger set one of the set of cups on the hood, leaning into Rogers’ personal space.  Rogers didn’t look in his direction, but some of the tension bled out of his shoulders.  Stark’s head tipped forward, a smile curling his lips, and he held out a cup with a theatrical flourish, the other cup holder balanced on his hand like a serving tray.  Rogers ignored him for a moment, but when he finally took the cup from Stark, Tony could see a faint smile on his face.
“The only thing that really stops me is the knowledge that I’d have to figure out how to get the blood out of the carpet,” Natasha said.  Tony was pretty sure she wasn’t joking. “Still. I expect that your appreciation for my restraint will be reflected in my Christmas bonus.”
“And I appreciate your sacrifice, I just had no idea you owned flats, let alone that you owned Crocs,” Tony said.
“I was unaware that you wished me to spy on your teammates,”  Jarvis said, his voice tart.  “And provide you with information they considered private and confidential.”
Tony set his cup back on its saucer.  “Yes,” he said, and that was freeing, all of it was freeing, he hated this room and he hated sitting here listening to the clock tick and waiting for something to happen, something that he couldn’t even define.  DJ grabbed his hand and Tony snagged the glass of juice before it ended up all over the carpet, which he also hated.  “Yes, we can.  Kitchen.  Let’s go.”
Greer gave him a brisk salute and a bright smile.  “Yes, sir, Cap’n, sir!” She swung her legs down to the floor, her knees bumping together, and her toes pointing in  “I’ll slip him a note in class, do you like me?” She spread her hands wide.  “Check yes or no!”
“Maybe not, but I was...”  He frowned.  “At loose ends, Tony.  I had Bucky and the truck and this place and that was it.  I had the work with the soup kitchens, I knew a lot of people, but I missed the rush.  I missed a restaurant kitchen, I missed the people, I missed the pressure and the madness and the personalities.  I missed a lot.”
“If by ‘something’ you mean, ‘go to my own restaurant and start prepping for dinner because I have a full reservation list and two big holes in the culinary line up of this street,’ then I approve,” Pepper said.  Tony opened his mouth.  Before he could say a single word, Pepper took his milkshake.  “Tony?  If you don’t show up to work, then I’m not going to show up for work, and who exactly do you think is going to be answering your phone, which is already ringing off the hook?”
Natasha leaned into his line of sight, her red curls framing her face like a halo.  “What's wrong?” she asked, her face half hidden behind her cup.  But her eyes were soft, and her voice was kind, and DJ felt some of the tension go out of his shoulders.
"That's just a bonus."  Steve pushed back, stroking his fingers across Tony's cheek as he pulled away.  "You're getting some cold meds."
“If I’m going to be inconvenienced, I at least think you should have to pay for it,” Tony said, and Steve looked down at his keyboard to hide his smile.
“Why not?” he asked.  Jan gave him a look, and dropped his copies of the caterers’ menus onto the table.  “No.  Seriously.  Why not?
“Well, yeah, that's...  That's normal, don't want to break the big bad news to you, but everyone kind of wants to, and it sounds like you've got more reason than most.  But if you haven't gone around, terrorizing the neighborhood with your-” He waved a hand at her.  “Your ninety-two pounds of brute force, or whatever it is that you can do, then it's not because of you.  It's because they're bigots.  They're asshole bigots,” Clint said.  “That's why your parents are getting threatening phone calls, not because their daughter's a mutant, because their neighbors are asshole bigots.”  Her mouth was gaping open, and Clint leaned in.  “Right?”
“What the fuck is happening here?” Trip asked.  “Why is there-” She looked at Harris.  “Who let the cat in?”
“I wised up at some point over the past few years.  Getting in was the early part.” Clint tossed salt into the pan, and dusted off his fingers.  “Getting into the grounds, and getting into the house.  You might’ve noticed earlier, I don’t mind heights and I’m a pretty good climber.  Nat’s faster than me, and lighter on her feet.  Took us less than ten minutes by my watch, and we were in the library and she was halfway up the shelves.  Tossed the vase down to me just as the door opened.
"I'm actually surprised he didn't get more," Rhodey said.  He shifted his coffee cup from one hand, and back to the other, his fingers rattling against the porcelain.  "You were gone, Pepper didn't have executive status, I didn't have access, and the board would've done whatever he asked, without question."
“But we can't fight it, either,” Tony said.  “He was legally in charge at the time.  And unless we want to undo SHIELD's hard work and admit just what happened to him, we've got no leg to stand on.”  His eyes slid in her direction.  “Check with legal.  Just in case.”
Steve ducked under a branch, pushing it out of her way.  “But you’re not anymore,” he asked, not quite a question.
“Nope.”  DJ grabbed his bag.  He would’ve taken it, even without Steve’s suggestion.  The weight of it, hanging from his hand or his shoulder, was comforting.   He shifted, settling it against his back, and wondered if this was how his father felt about the armor.  “By the door.”
“Please stop reading the Post,” Tony said, popping the top off of his bottle with a church key.  He held it out to Steve.  “Need to-”
“Natasha is having her way with armed assailants in my garden, you left me with a child, and I haven't had dinner yet,” Tony said, his voice rising.
Steve gave the man a look.  “And I'm sure she'd love to find out that you're trying to set her up with a random man you don't even know,” he said, and Tony struggled to keep a straight face.  Disapproving Cap was his favorite Cap, provided, of course, that that disapproval was aimed in someone else's direction.
DJ reached out, his small fingers sneaking a crisp piece of bacon from the edge of Tony's plate.  Tony watched, his heart sinking, as DJ tucked the bacon into a napkin in his lap, folding the fabric tightly around his prize.
Coulson gave the cat a level stare.  “I am not in the mood for shenanigans,” he said, and the cat’s ears flicked in his direction.  “So unless you are here to tell me that all of them are ready to go home, then I would ask you to remove yourself.”
“I’ve seen worse,” Steve said.  “But that stuff was starting to wear down my tolerance, so I’m surprised you could still stand up by the time we made it here.”
Steve's arm shot out, blocking the doorway so quickly that Clint ended up stumbling back a step or two.  Steve's head rolled in his direction.  He studied Clint as he took a sip of coffee.  “What's going on?”
She bent her head forward, not quite fast enough to hide her smile.  ‘What if I promise to restrict my stabbings to non-fatal areas?”
“Still working on it.”  Phil's voice was clipped, tense.  In the background, Tony could hear Bruce's voice, fielding questions from the SHIELD teams.  “For now, hold the perimeter.  It may not be hostile.”
“For my own sanity, I'm going to pretend you are,” Sue said.  Her eyes fluttered closed, and she took a deep breath, her shoulders rising and falling with the force of it.  “I'm tired.  That's...  That's most of it.  To be honest, I'm just-”
“I mean, I was going to do that anyway, because you’re bad at it,” Clint said with a grin.  He wiggled his hand between them.  “We have a deal?”
“Dressing for dinner, sir, as should we all,” Jarvis told him.  “If you would head down to the sitting room, then we can-”
“Mrs. Parker said that Peter left his books down here,” Steve said.  “I met Jarvis on the way down, he said he’d put them on the shelf, so-”  He shrugged.  “I’m sure they’re in your way.”
Who'd be opposing them.  What the opposition could do.  They were looking for a baseline.  They got more.  A lot more.”
"Are we done with the gossip session?" she asked, stepping up beside Tony.  A few laughing calls of 'no' came from the audience, and she gave them a bright smile.  "Well, tough.  Time to go back to being serious financial journalists."
“It comes with a mask!” Clint said.  Tony took a deep breath, and before he could get a word out, Clint continued, “That’s a plus, right?.”
"Hello, DJ," she said.  She leaned forward in her chair, her hands braced on her handbag.  "I'm Miss Potts."
Tony exhaled.  “Can't I just blow you?” he asked, and Steve muffled his laughter against his shoulder.  “No.  Seriously, I'm good at that, I'm really good at that, and I'm not-”
Steve stood, frozen in the door, watching in stunned silence as Tony pushed the blueprints flat with one quick sweep of his hand, the tip of his pencil darting over the paper.
“Or maybe someone’s cut the line,” Steve gritted out, pushing himself to his feet.  “Go start the car.”
Hitomi's number was in his phone, and he took a moment to thank God for whenever Tony had given that to him as he hit the dial button.  She picked up on the second ring.  “Hello?”
Bucky blinked hard, turning his face towards the fire.  “Wasn’t going to cry,” he said, his voice rough.  “I just…  Want to remember.”  He pressed a hand to his eyes, going quiet for a moment.  Steve stared him down, unmoved.  Bucky peeked at him from between his fingers. “I just think hearing the story might help.”
Tony was sprawled out in the mammoth bath tub slash hot tub, still fully dressed in his tux, his arms braced on the rim.  He was soaked to the skin, his bow tie hanging loose around his neck and his jacket unbuttoned.  Beneath it, the fine white fabric of his dress shirt was transparent, and through it, both his skin and the soft, cool glow of the arc reactor was completely visible.  His eyes were closed, his long dark lashes in wet spikes against his cheekbones and his hair a damp tangle on his forehead.
“Wasn't planning on it,” Tony said.  A man came running at him, screaming, a length of pipe held over his head like a club.  Without looking away from the scroll of data, Tony raised a hand and hit him with a short repulsor blast.  He went down hard.  “I wonder why these kind of assholes never learn.”  He pried open a nearby panel.  “Okay, this I can handle.”  He set his gauntleted hand against the circuitry.  “Jarvis, let's see if you can get in without triggering anything.”
Tony tucked his hands in his pockets, because that was easier than holding them still.  “Most of what we do is pretending,” he said.  The Not-Steve thing shifted, and Tony rocked back, his shoulders hitting the display of a nearby booth.  Framed photos rattled against the wire racks they’d been mounted to, a strange, discordant sound that brought them all up short.  Despite that, no one even looked in their direction.  People passed by, as if they weren’t there, and Tony gripped the edge of the display.
“No, the difference is that you can get a needle onto a plane,” Wanda said.  Everyone looked at her, and she slurped up a strand of spaghetti and gave them a wide smile, her lips stained red with the sauce.  “Not appropriate?”
“Would I what?” Steve asked.  “Lie to Jan for you?  Not if it means I’m stuck at this thing by myself.”
Work was the solution.  Work had always been the solution, and it would always be the solution.  After all, he thought with a wry twist to his lips, it wasn't like had another one.
Tony flopped back onto the bed, raising one foot to brace it on Steve's shoulder.  “Strip me down, big boy,” he said, his voice husky.  “Be gentle.  I'm...”  He threw a hand over his eyes.  “I'm delicate.”
Steve glanced back at her.  “She said she recognized my shield,” he said.  Tony craned his head, and Steve resisted the urge to turn the other way, keeping it out of sight.
Tony snapped the ledger shut.  "I expected nothing less."  He braced his hands on his hips, towards the front of the room.  "Who's seated with us?"
Steve didn't slow down.  “Oh, now you're talking?” he said, shifting his gym bag higher on his shoulder.  “You didn't say a word through that entire meeting, and now you've got something to say?”
Tony mumbled something that sounded both annoyed and sleepy, and Steve turned his attention back to the road.
“Hi, Happy,” Steve said, and Tony mumbled something that might be a greeting or a curse against the skin of Steve's throat. “We're- I mean-”
“It was not, I cut my hair, which has nothing at all to do with her,” Jan said, her voice tinged with poisonous sweetness.  “It’s not as if I cut her hair.”
Happy caught his arm.  “Not here.”  When Steve didn’t move, his eyes flicked towards a man who hovered nearby, trying to look like he wasn’t eavesdropping.  Happy leaned in.  “He’s fine, so’s the kid, everyone’s fine, let’s go.”
“I take it you're a good judge of character?” she said, blowing across the surface of her tea.  The smell was...  Questionable.  She lowered the cup back to the saucer without tasting it.
Tony's lips twitched.  "Thank you for clarifying."  He blew on his pizza, wondering if he was willing to risk mouth burns yet.  The answer was probably yes.  "So, he's got the catalog in order, and..."
“Yeah, but you were the only idiot who went down on the tracks after her,” Drew said.  “Then there was the piano-”
Steve pushed himself upright.  "All due respect, Sam, I've got a therapist.  I don't need another one."  He managed a smile, and it felt tight on his face, it felt fake.  But he was used to that, by now.  "It's not fair to you, or, really, to me."
“Yeah, he’s the one who escalated it,” Peter said.  “He’s been talking about wanting to remodel.  Now…  Now he has to.”
“Diplomatic.”  Tony nodded.  “Thanks, Jay.  I’ll talk to him.”  He turned towards the staircase, heading downstairs.
“I'll go get something from the workshop, okay?” She waited until DJ nodded, and then she was on her feet, scrambling across the playroom floor towards the door.  “Change while I'm gone, I'll be right back!”
“See, he wouldn’t have figured that out if I was driving,” Bobbi said, tapping her fingertip against the brim of her hat.  Natasha’s eyes cut up, catching theirs in the rearview mirror.  Bobbi raised one shoulder in a half shrug.  “I’m just saying, that’s all.”
He tapped DJ on the tip of his nose.  "Things aren't always about the things they seem to be about.  Are they?"
“I'd object, but damn if this amount of eagerness isn't very good for my ego,” Tony said, as Steve shouldered the door open and headed through, Tony right on his heels. “So, what, we're going to run down eleven flights of stairs?”
“Thanks, I guess.” Steve looked at the door.  “Okay, then.  I’ll get coffee, and we can ignore reality for another thirty minutes.”
Tony pulled back.  “Do as I say, not as I do?” he asked, with a wry twist to the words.  “A bit hypocritical, don’t you think?”
“It’s all right, he’s-” The girl paused, her head tipped to the side.  “I’m not quite sure what he is, but I don’t think that’s-”
Odinson waved him off.  "Call me Thor; truth be told, one of the best things of this city is not being 'my lorded.'"  He slapped Steve on the shoulder, with so much force that Steve swayed on his feet.  But his attention had already passed on. “And this must be the young one.”
Seek’s stealth capabilities had kicked in already, and he pushed himself back, hsi legs aching as he tried to maneuver himself under a nearby table.  It wasn’t perfect, but at least no one would trip over him.  Legs flashed by, right in his line of sight, and he frowned.
Darcy looked up at him.  She looked at Clint.  She looked back at Tony.  “Yes?” she said.  Tony pointed at Clint.  She shrugged.  “Is this a trick question?”
“Everything's in your job description,” Tony told her. “I should know.  I wrote it.  And I can rewrite it.”
But next to him, he felt Steve's shoulders go tight, felt the tension sweep through him.  Without glancing in his direction, Tony reached out, his fingers just brushing against Steve's.  It wasn't even holding hands.  It was barely touching.  But their fingertips tangled together, light and delicate, easily pulled apart.
“Your ideas are interesting to me and I wish to subscribe to your newsletter,” Tony said. “Take a card.” He managed to get a hand between his body and Steve's, pulling a card out of his jacket pocket. “Here.”
“You're a good man, Jarvis,” Stark said, amusement twitching the corners of his lips.  He looked at Steve, one eyebrow arched.  “She will not give up, just put the jacket on.”
He felt Steve's hand cup his cheek, felt his thumb slide across the line of his cheekbone.  “Knock 'em dead, Stark,” Steve whispered, and Tony felt his face heat.
“When do you not?” Tony said, but he was already plowing forward, through the crowd, through the showers of confetti, and Steve followed behind him, just glad to be along for the ride.
“Yes,” Tony said.  He paused as Steve shrugged into his shirt.  “Peter ran into one of them.”  Steve’s head snapped up, his heart lodging in his throat, but before he could say a word, Tony rushed on.  “He took a couple of hard knocks, but he’s fine.  Bruce’s keeping an eye on him.”
Clint's head snapped up, eyes wide, his breath coming out in a strangled yelp.  He jerked upright, his head twitching from side to side, confusion obvious on his face.  “Deej?”
“You do have a legacy to think of, your father did everything possible to raise the Stark name to be one that was respected, and you could destroy that in one poorly considered sentimental gesture,” Obie said.  “Is that what you want?  Is that really how you want to repay your father for everything he did for you, everything he left you?”
An arm reached past him, and Tony jerked upright, adrenaline knocking his heartbeat into overdrive.  He rocked backwards on his stool, and collided with something big, warm, and solid.
Happy sidestepped the thug’s grip, his body swinging hard to the side.  He stumbled to a stop in front of Steve,  his eyes bloodshot and blurry under the crumbled brim of his cap.  His lips were still pursed, caught mid-whistle, a cigar stub in one hand and a bottle hanging from the other.  His head swung from one side to the other, and then back, spinning in a full circle as his feet tangled under him.  He tumbled backwards, his shoulders hitting the warehouse with an audible thump.
"We'll send you a nice thank you card," Steve corrected, his lips twitching, and Tony shook his head, mouthing, 'No, we won't.'  Steve gave him a look, narrow eyed and amused.
Steve looked over the top of his laptop.  “Uh, Cafe Collette, I think,” he said, reaching for the invoices.  “Is it lemon?”
Jesse sniffed at the tea, her eyes falling closed.  “Everyone saw the ring.”  She took a cautious sip.  “I mean, everyone who's following Janet VanDyne's Instagram.”
“It’s not open to discussion any longer,” Obie said.  “There’s no more secrets to keep, Tony.  This wasn’t a bomb tossed at the window or someone blowing out your tires out in the countryside.  You were shot in the middle of the city, in front of dozens of witnesses, and not all of them are on the payroll.”  He collapsed into the seat next to the bed, fishing in his pocket for a handkerchief.  He mopped at his brow.  “It’ll be front page news halfway across the country by morning.”
“Where are you?” she repeated.  “I thought we'd be able to track you by the sound of the explosions, but there's been nothing, and your car's still here, and Jarvis says that all the armor is accounted for-”
Tony headed for the stairs.  Action suited him.  Movement.  Forward momentum.  He might not have known where he was going, but he was damn sure going forward.
“I don’t see that working out for me,” Phil said, fully expecting a second strike with the folder.  Instead, she tossed it back on the stack.  Phil glanced up at her, and she was studying him, her head tipped to the side.  Phil arched an eyebrow.  “Yes?”
Tony stared at him, and Steve stared back, utterly unconcerned.  “DJ, would you like to see a movie with me?” Tony asked at last.
“What happens if she does attempt to move between a plane of existence or into a new part of the timeline?” Agatha asked.
“Everyone knows that I'm the king of New York.”  Stark straightened his shoulders, his chin coming up, looking down the length of his nose at Steve.  "Do you doubt it?" he asked, and there was laughter in his voice, just as bright and real as Steve's, and just as unexpected.
Steve gave a little chuckle, and he leaned back, bracing his hands behind him on the bed.  “It’s stupid.”
“Absolutely nothing in the world would make me happier,” Isaiah said, just as the staffer returned, a cup of coffee in each hand.  He leaned back in his seat.  “What do you know.  I was wrong.  This.  This cup of coffee makes me happier.”  He reached out, taking it from her.  “We do apologize, ma’am, the session’ll be starting back up soon, so we’ll be out of your hair.”
Steve nodded.  "Want to go upstairs?  Pretty sure I can find something in the cabinets that won't kill you."
“Right,” Tony said.  He took a deep breath.  “Tell you what.  You.  Me.  Egg cream. There’s gotta be a sketchy ice cream counter left in this city.”
He smiled back, his pupils dilating a bit behind the lenses of his spectacles, but he shook his head.  “That boy is headed only for a stern punishment,” he said, wagging a finger at her.  “So, we can just-”
Steve looked down at DJ.  “Want to try?”  He nodded, and Steve smiled, a strange sense of peace sweeping over him.  He held out a hand for DJ to take.  “Okay.  Let's go.”
“We're not having sex in this car,” Steve said, and Tony stripped off his jacket and tossed it over his shoulder.
Steve stared at him.  “Because I...  Wanted it.  So badly.  And now-”  He ran his hands through his hair, pressing his palms against his scalp.  “I did it, and it's-”  His breath caught on something uncomfortably like a sob.  “It's all wrong, Sam, and it's my fault.”
Tony stared at him.  “Shall we what?” he asked at last, more to gain time and the upper hand than because he needed an answer.
“There's really no middle ground,” Jan said.  “That's why I live with Hank.  On the other side of the city.  And bring him for carefully supervised visits so he and Tony don't unleash tactical nuclear weapons on each other." She paused.  "Or get into a slap fight.”
Tony paused, pretending to consider that.  “Waffles?” he asked.  Steve gave him a look, and Tony shrugged.  “I aim high in all my dealings, Rogers, and I won't apologize for that.”
“I could be persuaded.”  Tony could hear the laughter in his voice, and it was remarkable how soothing that was.
“Very good attempt, sir,” Jarvis told him, taking the basket out Tony’s hands.  “Thank you, Miss Van Dyne, I shall have this emptied and returned to you in due course.”
Halfway to the stairs, he spotted a girl carrying a tray of candy and cigarettes.  “Miss?”  He gestured at the girl, who darted over, her gloved hands clasped tight on her tray.  Tony smiled at her.  “I need you to go find someone for me.”
“Yes, Jarvis,” Tony said, his head tipping upwards.  He stumbled back a step, back thudding against the workbench.  He grabbed for it, his fingers scraping across the smooth surface.  “Who else have you invited to this little party of ours?”
The party was still in full swing, and he had to admit, it had gone off without a hitch so far.  The food had been delicious, there'd been no super villain attacks, and everyone was, up to now, playing nice with each other.  If he could get through this, he could have cake.  He smiled to himself, wondering if he should make that offer to Tony.
“Yeah?”  Harris paused, spoon halfway to his mouth.  DJ gave him a nod, his cheeks flushing.  Harris grinned at him.  “What’s she like?”
“Which still leaves a lot of space to cover.”  Rogers looked up, all the way up, at the ceiling of the grand hall, two stories above them.  “May I see his bedroom?”
“Janet Van Dyne,” Bobbi agreed, “who loves her fiance and knows him well enough to know that he wasn’t the one who needed to go down to the station that night.  She called in a favor.”
“Welcome to New York,” Victor agreed. “Our people are pretty open about their love, and their hate.” He tapped a finger against the arm of the chair. “Still. It's a little different from someone you know.” One eyebrow arched. “Someone you live with?”
Laughing, Steve stepped back.  “In the unlikely event that I ever need something that is worth your time and effort, I will definitely let you know.”
“Yes, thank you, Ghost of Christmas Nobody Asked For This So Fuck You,” Tony said.  He opened one eye to glare down at his phone.  “Clint?”
Tony licked his lips.  “The papers.” He looked up, meeting Pepper's eyes.  “Tomorrow.  We're going to draw up the divorce papers.”  Her teeth sank into her bottom lip, her eyes going wet, and Tony struggled to smile.  “We'll-” He swallowed.  “We'll wait.  To file.  For the full six months.  But tomorrow.”  His eyes fell shut.  “I can't do this anymore.  I can't.  I'm-” He realized his fingers were fisted in the fabric of his shirt, his knuckled pressed hard against the arc reactor.  “I can't do this, Pepper.
Laughing, Steve held up his phone, taking a quick shot and sending it on its way.  “What, do you miss me or something?” he asked, tucking the phone back against his cheek.
“Surrender,” the robot said, and there was no second request, it just wrenched the bus off of the pavement, throwing it in the direction of the fleeing girl.
“I owe him a life debt, I’d have to retaliate,” Tony said, one hand clamping down on Harris’ shoulder.  With a firm tug, he pulled Harris back, and took the broom away from him.  “And while I’m sure you can kill me, too, it’ll just set off a chain reaction of having to murder all of us and you’ll be frustrated and-”
"That he's a hired killer who was told by his employer exactly what to say to cover his tracks if he got caught," Steve said.  He straightened up.  "I've got no doubt that the communists want Stark dead, but I don't think they can afford this lummox.  Let me-"
“Excellent.”  Tony set the man down and crouched down to study the machine.  “Jarvis?  What're we looking at here?”
Jane, sitting cross-legged beside the tree, ripped the paper off of her present with a great deal of enthusiasm.  “Oh!”
“Wait, ‘we?’” Harris asked, but she’d already hung up.  He glanced out at the living room, where DJ was offering Slink a piece of Trix.  Harris tossed his phone at the counter and lunged across the room, scooping Slink up before he could eat it.  “No, no, no,” he said to DJ.  “He’s already got a Dorito problem and a Sour Patch Kids problem, we are not acquiring a taste for breakfast cereal.”
Tony took it from him, holding it up in front of him.  “We have a new family motto,” he said, his chest aching.  He wrapped and arm around DJ, dragging him in for a hug.  “Did you design these?”  DJ looked at him, his dark eyes dancing, but he put his head down on Tony’s shoulder without saying a word.  “Right.”  Tony ruffled his hair.  “Right.”
“Are you kidding me right now?” Harris asked, his head falling back.  “Really?  Who knew SHIELD agents were this superstitious?”
Steve's shoulders tightened, his back snapping straight in an instant.  Across the hallway, the Captain leaned out of the door of his office.  He pointed a finger in Steve's direction.  “Rogers.  In here.  Now.”
The words were almost inaudible, but they were enough.  Enough to remind Tony that he wasn't here for himself.  He was here because Steve needed him.  Because Steve was in pain, was suffering.
Tony’s head snapped up, his heart in his throat.  Steve leaned into the kitchen, propelling Peter ahead of him with a hand on the boy’s shoulder.  He had a cooler box in his other hand, and he set it on the edge of the counter.  Steve smiled at Tony, warm and familiar, his hair flopping over his forehead, his sweatshirt hanging open over his red t-shirt.  “Found this outside.”
Two rooms, on the third floor, listed on the map, but grayed out, no title, no designation.  No indication what they were for, but still included.  Still part of the whole, even if they were kept apart.
Rhodey wrapped his hands around his coffee cup, his fingers smoothing against the porcelain.  “What’s he done?” he repeated with a fond smile.
“Though knowing our esteemed employer, it was presented less as an offer and more as a foregone conclusion.”  Jarvis pinched the bridge of his nose.  “A delicate negotiation even when such things aren’t complicated by other…”  His mouth went tight.  “Entanglements.”
Tony was already shaking his head.  “No.  He said he was-” Breathing was hard now, it was a physical struggle.  “I saw him walk away with you.  I know what I-”
“Absolutely understandable,” Isaiah said.  “I’ll keep an eye on him, I promise, won’t cause you any more problems.”
“I wasn’t going to ask,” Harris told him, and Tony grinned.  “Did you tell anyone you were going out?  If you go missing-”
“I know, I got a watch.” Without waiting for an invitation, Isaiah shouldered his way past Steve, waving a brown bakery bag in his general direction.  “Wasn’t sure you did.”
Tony grabbed a coffee cup from the cabinet, knocking it shut with a bump of his elbow, and reached for the coffee pot.  But before he could pick it up, he stopped, his hand hanging in mid-air.  He glanced up at the cabinet, his pulse suddenly loud in his ears.
“And yet, here we are, I am and I have, and now it’s just a matter of seeing if you’re a man of honor who will live up to his commitments and set a good example for his son, or just a coward who won’t-”
“No.  You wouldn’t.  But I would.” Nicholas reached for his tankard.  “You could not be bought.  You could not be threatened.  You could not be intimidated or influenced.  And if someone made the mistake of killing the royal family?  They would also have had to deal with you, and not a one of them was willing to risk it.”  He lifted his cup in a mock salute.  “You were the perfect prince.”
The elderly lady sighed.  “She’s fooled many people, Wanda.  I have no intention of being on that list.”
“It’s fine,” Tony gritted out, sliding his hand across the elastic, firm surface of the dough.  It felt familiar under his fingertips, a sense of culinary deja vu that he always appreciated.  “What can you tell by looking at it, anyway?”  He looked up to find Shiro looking at him, his face disbelieving.  Tony huffed out a breath.  “It’s fine.”
Harris nodded.  “Don’t say it,” Tony said, staring at the wall.  “What you’re thinking, I need you not to-”
DJ shook his head. “Okay,” he said, and stopped, his eyes closing.  He took a deep breath, the air hissing between his teeth.  “I’m okay.”
"Better than expected," Peter said.  He gave Steve a wave and headed back to the kitchen door at a quick, loose jog.  Steve watched him go, trying not to smile.
“And just in time to decorate the main hall, it’s wonderful how things work out, isn’t it?” Jarvis said, already striding towards the kitchen stairs with a distinct spring to his step.
He sighed.  “Books only, I GET it.”  He waited until they were gone, then he looked over at Harris and DJ, his eyebrows arching over the top of his glasses.  “Need anything else?”
“Yes.  Yes, it is,” Tony said.  He pressed a hand to his eyes. “A very large balance.  And a very specific balance.  He was aiming for that number.”
“Acceptable.” Tony scooped up a cup as he passed the table, never missing a step as he sipped the coffee.  “Chef, DJ requires a jar to hold the things he’s been stealing from me.”
Mrs. Parker dropped the apple into the bowl.  “And that is where I met Mr. Stark.  While standing by my husband’s grave.”
“Just...  Just replace random nouns with dirty words and I'll take it,” Tony said, just to hear him laugh.
Everyone was staring at him, everyone except DJ, who was kicking his legs and grinning at the resulting flour storms.  Out of his line of sight, Pepper, pointed at DJ, her face set in a fierce frown.  Tony shrugged.  “What are you-”
He definitely didn't recognize the giant gray cat that was sprawled out over his legs, purring up a storm.
She picked up DJ’s cup with one hand, turning it so that the handle faced him.  “Yes, but I know you,” she said.  “We’ve met before.  Many times.” She leaned forward.  “I may not know your face, but I-” One finger flicked in his direction, the diamond in her ring glittering with the movement.  “Know.  You.”
He flew around a corner, his shoes skidding along the floor, and he rocked back, trying to keep his balance without slowing down.  The crowd had thinned out to almost nothing, a boy in a wizard’s robe sitting against the wall with his phone plugged into the wall, and a woman with two kids sitting in an alcove with a lunch box and crayons scattered across the floor in front of her.  She looked up as Harris passed, a faint frown chasing itself across her face, a flicker of concern, but all she did was reach out, tugging one of the little girls to sit closer to her.
Steve bit back a smile.  “I take it you don't mind driving it,” he said, his fingers still stroking back and forth over the fender, enjoying the smooth rise of the metal beneath his palm.
DJ twisted around, trying to get a different angle on things, and ended up tipping over, falling back onto the bed.
“Hmmm?  Oh.  Brioche.”  There was a murmur in the background.  “And Sue says she's got a jar of cranberry orange chutney for you to try when you get back.”  To Sue, he said, “Why does he get these things and not me?”
Wanda looked up at him.  “Does he?” she asked, her eyebrows arching.  DJ nodded, and she smiled.  “Do you?”  Before he could say anything, she leaned forward, one hand coming up.  A flicker of ruby light curled around her fingertips, and DJ watched it, mesmerized.  Her lips moved, slowly, carefully.  “What are you?” she whispered, and the light filled DJ’s vision, blanking out the rest of the world.  “Down.  To your core.  What.  Are you?”
"No, no, this is great, I can be the fuckup uncle, I am fine with this," Clint said.  "It's a relief.  No one expects the fuckup uncle to be useful, just reassuring.  No pressure from the guy who's pleased he found matching shoes at some point in his life.  Great.  This is great.”  He held up his hands.  “Fuckup uncle.  I can do this, Jay, no problem.”
Tony pulled his phone out of his pocket.  “Jarvis, I’m going to need you to find us somewhere to sleep tonight.  Somewhere much, much better than here.”
Sam cupped a hand over his mouth, which did absolutely nothing to hide his smile.  “Cap.  I'm shocked,” he said.
Bruce leaned around one of the bulkheads.  He looked exhausted.  “Back here,” he said, waving Steve over.  “He’s fine.”  He smiled.  “Cold.  But fine.”
"Sunlight is overrated," Tony said, which was the wrong thing to say, he knew it even as he was saying it, even as the words slipped out of his mouth.
“Yeah, I said it, no, I don’t remember saying it,” Tony said, “I probably meant it and I definitely shouldn’t have said it.”  He pushed himself upright, biting back a groan as every inch of his body protested.  He hunched forward, sucking in breath between his teeth.  “Talk to Pepper.  She’ll…  She usually has a better statement.”
“I rode out to see it,” Shuri said.  “And I looked at this…  This mess that they had made, and it was like, every one of my ancestors rose up as one to HOWL at me in the back of my head.”  She hunched forward, grinning. “Like, my Grandmother was right behind me, hissing in my ear, ‘city living has made you SOFT,’ because it was-”  She shook her head.  “This one structure, this one lump of soft mud, and clay, and straw, like a lean-to with a hole under it?  This one thing undid centuries of our history, centuries of engineering and architecture and-”
“She's good, but she's not that good,” Pepper said.  She sounded amused.  Tony took that as a positive sign.
Bobbi slammed the door.  “If either of them gets out before we’re back at the house, I’m shooting them in the leg and letting Bruce deal with it.”
“Yes, well, neither do you, so I don't know why we're focusing on me here, we both know I'm a disaster, so-” He turned off the flame with a flick of his wrist.  “I'll text him, and then you can go guilt him into actually showing up, because you know he's not going to do it for me, he hates these kind of things.”
Steve reached for the pizza.  "What...  Is this?"  He frowned as the scene cut to a man standing at in front of a tv showing the same thing they'd just been watching.  He leaned forward.  “What-”  A bevy of bikini clad girls marched past in perfect unison.
“Could I?”  Jarvis set the plate on the tray, giving Tony’s coffee cup a speaking look.  Tony picked it up, draining the last dregs before he handed it over.  Jarvis took it with a smile.  “Thank you, sir.”
“Could you tell him we're not going to have sex in the car?” Steve asked, and Tony leaned in to kiss him, hard and fast.
“I shall surround myself with orphans,” Tony said. Steve opened his mouth, and Tony gave him a long suffering look. “I will be fine on my own for five whole minutes, Steve, but if we come back short one child, I have no doubt that Hammer will charge us full price, so-”
She moved in one swift, fluid motion, her hand snapping out to snag the neck of the nearest bottle, and pivoting to meet the threat.  The pale spot in the corner of Tony’s eye solidified, seeming to fade into existence, until Clea was standing there, on the business end of Natasha’s bottle.  She looked down at the glass, and then up at Natasha.  “The Captain made it through,” she said, the cloud of her pale silver hair floating into place, settling like a bank of fog against her shoulders.  Her eyes met Tony’s.  “He is safe with Stephen.”
“Go,” Steve said, and Carol spun in mid-air, shooting downwards in a flat dive, her fists held out in front of her.  Tony was right behind her, close enough to dodge the debris she kicked up when the roof of the warehouse exploded outwards from the force of her entry.
Tony glanced at the clock on the wall.  “Around thirty-five hours?” he said with a smile.  “Bruce.  Okay.  You’re starting to worry me here.  Can we-”
He saw her dart out from behind cover, stumbling over her own feet as she tried to get around the hole in the street.  Thor swung, and the robot ducked under the blow, one hand out snapping out and grabbing the back end of a deserted bus.
“I think they already have.”  Tony looked down at his almost untouched plate.  “Who's ready for dessert?”
In the lobby of the chapel, a young woman in a white, bespangled jumpsuit was dumping red and white rose petals into a basket.  “I want you to know that I got you real petals,” she was saying to DJ.  “Cause I like you.  And we only had pink in the silk ones.”
The wheels rolled against Steve's palm, the axle squeaking from disuse.  “But if these are heirlooms,” he said, his voice quiet, “they should be put aside for Mr. Stark's children.”
“And very wasteful,” Nakia said, giving Bucky a look.  He shrugged.  With a smile, she turned back to Shuri.  “Have you considered a simple trap door in the floor of your laboratory?”
“Well, what a gorgeous little baby,” Danvers said, scooping the cat off of his shoulder, her hands cradling its slight weight.  “Down we go.”  She leaned over, setting the cat on the floor and paused to rub its ears.  “Now, be a good little mouser.”
Rogers was leaning over a plastic barrel of roses, his face creased in a smile.  One hand was cradling a bud, his fingers careful against the petals, his other arm was filled with flowers.  Next to him, a tiny woman in a simple canvas apron and a straw hat covered in fake flowers was pointing at her wares with one gnarled finger.  Her face was animated behind the heavy lenses of her glasses, and Rogers had his head tipped towards her, clearly paying attention to what she was saying.
“We are no longer friends,” Darcy said, grinning.  He nodded, his face accepting, and she laughed.  “I’m just messing with you, mini-Stark.”  She took a seat on the couch.  “Did it help?”  DJ nodded, and she nodded back.  “Then I’m glad you ate it.”
“Because you were having a panic attack,” Pepper said, as if that was a normal thing.  As if that was a thing that happened and it was fine.  Her hands smoothed over his hair, his neck, his shoulders.  Touching him.  Smoothing the tension away.  “And you weren't responding to him.”
“Yes, he should have,” Iron Man said.  “And do you know why?”  DJ looked away, and Iron Man tried again.  “You know why.”
Steve sipped his coffee. “Mmm,” he hummed.  “It's possible.  If I was, I'd probably be eager to keep you from questioning anything, so...”  Without looking in Tony's direction, he held out the coffee cup.  “Shower sex.”
Tony smiled.  “You should take it as a compliment,” he said.  “It’s rare for something to require my full attention.” He yawned.  “Let alone someone.”
In the silence that followed, Tony exhaled, and it came out as a chuckle.  “How,” he said, his lips twitching into a reluctant smile, “do you reduce me to a frustrated child so easily?”
“You do, it’s so disappointing.” She leaned into him, and laughing, Tony wrapped his arms around her in a hug.  “Don’t you dare try to comfort me, I’m not to be comforted.”
Next to him, Harris shifted in his seat, his knee bumping against DJ’s.  DJ looked at him, and Harris smiled.  “Are you sure about this?” he asked.  Darcy, who was seated on his other side, leaned forward, her hair sweeping forward in a wave.  It bounced with the movement of the car, and DJ wanted to make it match up to the lights flashing out on the street.
Pepper, amused, flicked through the twitter thread.  “And this retweet from ‘PoliticalAddict,’ ‘I thought there were only nine members of the committee.’”
“Because you said you didn’t want to be part of the yelling out here,” Tony said.  “And he flails unless he’s got someone to hold his hand.”
“Good, though,” he said, scraping the bottom of the parfait with his spoon, chasing the last bits of cream before pushing it aside.
Steve smiled.  “I love you,” he repeated, because saying it was nice, it was…  Nice to say it, in front of their friends, and to feel it, down in his bones.  “Wish me luck.”
“There’s a lock on my bike, Chef,” Peter said, his voice wobbling.  He was hugging his gift box to his chest, and he sounded like he was on the verge of tears.  “There’s a lock on my bike and I can’t get the lock off, I’ve tried, it’s a key lock and I don’t have the key, I don’t…”  His voice trailed away, and he stared at Tony, his eyes wet.  “There’s a lock.”
“You fucking should be.”  Tony looked back over his shoulder at Steve.  His eyes were half closed, his jaw set, his face expressionless.  Tony twisted around in his embrace, knowing better than to try to pull away right now. “You all right?” he asked, his voice quiet.
"Knock, knock!"  Jan poked her head out the door, her eyebrows arching.  "Well, if isn't my favorite two people who are too dumb to come out of the rain."
Tony had never moved so fast in his entire life.  Almost before the reality of the situation could sink in, he was scrambling backwards, lunging out of bed.  In what seemed like no more than a heartbeat, he was halfway across the room, his back pressed hard against the wall.  He stood there, his breath coming in ragged pants, his heart in his throat.
“You absolutely do.”  Tony rocked forward in his chair, folding his arms on the edge of the desk.  “You’ve got that ‘so pleased about my socialist child’ grin on your face.”
He stopped, his coffee cup halfway to his mouth.  Slowly, he set it back down on the bench.  "Now, that's some very organized destruction," he said.  He leaned forward, considering the rows and rows of disassembled parts.  DJ had laid out the pieces in neat, symmetrical rows, sorted by size and type, the gears wiped clean and the broken parts isolated far away from the others, like they were an infection that had to be quarantined.
Greer grinned.  “Seems accurate to me,” she said, holding up a piece of the chestplate.  “He’s not hissing, but it’s a close thing.”  She leaned back on one hand, smiling up at Steve.  “Bruce is having a time of it, let me tell you.”
For a long moment, DJ was silent.  Then, he nodded again.  And more than that, his arms relaxed, his feet shifting on the chair in front of him.  “Yes,” he said.
DJ rolled over, putting his back to Steve, his final word on the matter.  Shaking his head, Steve sat down on the edge of his bed, bending down to pull his shoes off.  The stove'd keep things warm until the coal burned itself out, and he was too tired to deal with anything else.
“It has been exactly one week and one day, sir.  I am responsible for the household schedule and that does require me to be able to read a calendar,” Jarvis said, his voice brisk.
Tony bobbled a wrench. He managed to snag it from mid-air, clutching it to his chest.  "Excuse me?" he asked, incredulous.
The door to Phil’s office opened, with enough force to slam it against the wall.  Natasha leaned in, one hand still braced on the door knob.  “Hi, Phil,” she said, with a wide, dangerous smile.  “Can I have a word?  Outside?”
“What are you even doing here?” Tony asked him, doing his best to ignore the way Jan was still muttering to herself under her breath.
Jarvis chuckled.  “I think you sell yourself short, sir.”  His head tipped forward, just for a moment, hiding his face.  When he looked back up, that serene smile was back.  “But this isn’t a world you are used to, so perhaps you’ll forgive an old man for his meddling.”
Tony's head rolled in his direction.  "Darling," he drawled, "I came out at fifteen and you accidentally married a man.  This movie is the third gayest thing in this room, at that, maybe fourth or fifth, I've got a coffee cup with a penis on it somewhere, I don't even know.”
“Because this morning, Jarvis made up a tray with two plates,” Peter said.  Tony’s eyes squeezed shut.  “And he was singing opera.  And he went to put a flower in a bud vase on the tray, and then he said that was probably too much and put the flower in his lapel instead.”
Mrs. Parker made a disapproving sound under her breath.   “Officer Rogers, I think it’s time you realized that we notice everything.”  She lifted the lid.  “Such as tonight.  Bobbi was on watch, and while she noticed you coming in, I suspect you didn’t notice her.  She notified Clint, who made up a plate and rang me and here we all are.”
Laughing, Steve kissed him, his mouth swallowing whatever else Tony was trying to say, and the words tasted like coffee and sugar and chocolate.  Steve exhaled against Tony’s cheek.  “Someone got into the dessert course,” he whispered, and Tony laughed.
Tony waved him off, his hand flailing through the air.  “Right.  Right.  Stop…  Stop talking now.”  He glared at the camera.  “Hey, fuckers.”
DJ smiled.  “Seems to be working,” he said, as the cat leaned into Harris’ hand, its chin in the air.
Only after they'd cleared the room did Marcy look at Tony. “Do you want me to start on the press releases?” she asked.
“I had work to do,” Steve said.  He took the last bite of chicken, and dropped his fork to the plate.
“For Mr. Stark, and…”  Maguire fumbled in his pocket, coming up with a sheet of paper.  He held it out to Steve with a smile that bordered on a smirk.  “For you.”
There was no reply, and he gave the knob a slight tug.  DJ was huddled in the bottom of the closet, curled up in a ball, his face buried in his arms.  Steve crouched down in front of him.  “Did you have a bad dream?” he asked.  “Or just got scared?”
The room at the end of the hall was large and imposing, with the beautiful, arched ceiling of a cathedral, but in platinum-white metal that reflected the lights.  Trimmed in gold, and ringed with columns, it was empty except for a large, imposing round table.  It filled the center of the room, surrounded by chairs made of the same matte silver.  The table was inlaid with an intricate, flowing pattern.  As he stepped forward, the light caught it head on, and it seemed to light up, a single, artistic letter A.
Tony inhaled.  “You are the rock we all set our anchors by,” he said, and Steve looked up.  He found Tony looking directly at him, his eyes glowing blue with the reflected light.  “It might not seem like much to you, Steve.  But for the rest of us?” His lips twitched, an attempt at a smile, sad and hollow.  “It is the only thing that matters.  Even if you never did anything else.  Even if you couldn’t.  You are the beacon.  You bring us home.”
“I guess not, because I’m out here checking on you.”  Harris gave a nervous glance over his shoulder at the street.  It was typical tourist area of Vegas, even though they weren’t on the strip.  A handful of small hotels and casinos, a couple of tacky gift shops and tourist traps, a 24 hour Wedding Chapel, a couple of restaurants and what was probably a strip club.  “I repeat.  What are you doing out here?”
He was running by the time he got to the escalators, and he was a man in a suit and an angry look on his face; people moved out of his way.
She reached for the doorknob, and before her fingers could make contact, the door swung open.  Jarvis stood there, framed in the light of the foyer.  “Welcome home, sirs.”  He inclined his head in Steve’s direction, but he was clearly speaking to Bobbi.  “Mr. Stark has asked you to join him for a drink.”
Ellen folded her arms on the edge of her desk.  “Yeah, but that's Rumiko Fujikawa, isn't it?” she asked.
There was a janitor’s cart in the hall, and he reached out as he passed, his hand closing on one of the wooden handles sticking out of the bin.  He wrenched it free, a push broom with a broad wooden head; not what he wanted, but it was what he had, and it was solid and hard and real in his hand.
“You're all horrible people, you know that?”  Luke shed his sweatshirt, tossing it onto a nearby piece of equipment. “Sweet Christmas, he's gonna be traumatized.”
Gyrich's head swung in his direction, his eyes hidden behind the lenses of his glasses.  “Agent Barton, you are in a difficult position here.”
Steve smiled at him.  It almost reached his eyes.  “I'm going to go check in with SHIELD to see how Bruce is doing.”
Steve pushed himself upright, his breath leaving him in a rush.  Tony was sprawled out next to him, the blankets pulled up almost over his head.  Only the dark tumble of his hair, tangled with dark red rose petals, one perfect cheekbone, and a tawny, golden arm was visible.  His fingers were lax against the pillow, the line of his jaw rough with stubble.
Stark blinked down at DJ.  DJ blinked back up at him.  “I thought Jarvis was watching you,” he said.  He leaned one hand on the side of the car, bracing the other on his hip.  He seemed more curious than anything else, as if DJ was a strange, unfamiliar species that had somehow made it into his house.  “You're a sneaky one, aren't you?”
"I'm-" Steve glanced over his shoulder towards the window, but the lawn was still now, the moonlight gleaming on the green expanse.  Whatever he'd seen, if he'd seen anything at all, it was gone now.  He took a deep breath, and turned back to Miss Potts.  "I apologize.  I'm a bit on edge."
Steve reached past him, pulling the last mug out of the box.  “‘Believe in Captain America,’” he said, with a grin.  “‘But Bet On Iron Man.’”
"Sometimes I do," Tony said, grinning at the cabinet.  "Sometimes I use a relatively flat piece of the armor, because that's handy."  Steve stared at him.  "Only for sandwiches and stuff, though."  Steve's mouth tightened.  "Nothing with sauce," Tony told him, because Steve looked truly pained.  "Sauce is a bitch to clean up, and no one takes you seriously if you show up to a crisis with gravy in your joints, you attract raccoons and it's just-"
“You’re both fine,” Darcy echoed.  She dusted her hands off on her hips, and adjusted her coveralls.  “Look at me.  If I don’t get a dress, then neither do either of you.”
Clint was somehow unsurprised to find that Jarvis had materialized directly behind them, his movements utterly silent.  “Do you just sprint up the servant’s stairs?” he asked.  “Or do you have an actual identical twin who you use just to scare the hell out of us?”
“Seems like a bad idea,” Steve said.  Nomad trotted past a rattling cart, the engine hissing as it tried to keep pace.  Steve shook his head.  “Know what the benefit is of waking up in Wakanda?”  Bucky shook his head, and Steve grinned.  “After that culture shock, everything, no matter how much it’s advanced, still seems familiar.”
Tony studied him.  “I never know if it's a good thing or a bad thing when you go all Brooklyn on me,” he said, and Steve's lips twitched.  “What does it even mean?”
He heaved a sigh.  “My parents, and hers, have finally given up on that.”  To Rogers, he added.  “She is the most amazing woman, but we've known each other so long that we might as well be siblings.  She punches harder than my actual brother, and has less cause to hold back.”
He nodded.  “Coffee,” he said, that word an effort.  He set the cup down, next to the mirror, where she was unlikely to knock hit over.  Which was foolish.  Natasha wasn't clumsy or awkward, the way he was, she never tripped over her own feet or lost her balance.  She moved, and it was deliberate, it was always deliberate, grace and control.
Peter put another few slices of toast on the platter, feeding a few more slices of bread into the oven.  “I can-”
Billy leaned back, his elbows braced on the stairs behind him.  “The coat and hat were shabby and cheap,” he said.  “Shoes weren’t.  Take it from a former shoeshine boy, you can tell the ones with money by looking at their feet.  Rich man, he’ll wear a coat that’s falling apart at the seams, a hat that’s been run over by a horse cart.  But wearing ill-fitting or cheap shoes?  Makes your feet hurt. They’re cold, they leak, and no one will put up with wet socks if they don’t have to.
Tony paused in the doorway, his hand still resting on the doorknob.  It felt cold and damp under his palm.  “Good evening,” he said, and the words echoed, hollow and empty, in the massive dining room.  Obie was seated in his customary place at the head of the table, his large, ornately carved chair having the appearance of a throne.  On his right side, and slightly closer, Ty was drinking his wine, ignoring his overflowing plate.  He was slumped low in his chair, his well-tailored clothing in disarray and his face set in petulant lines.  He glared at Tony over the top of his wineglass, his eyes promising retribution.  On Obie’s other side, Justin was focused on his plate, his movements quick and nervous as he reached for one thing, and then another, indecisive and uncertain.  Ty flicked a pea at him, and it hit Justin in the shoulder, making him twitch.
"I remember the train books," Tony said, around a mouthful of toast.  "I had more than a few of those.  Bet there's some new ones by now, maybe we should check with the book shops."  He pushed the cat away from his breakfast tray.  "You.  No."  The cat glared up at him, a low, sustained rumble of sound rolling through its solid frame.  Tony stared at it.  "Is this...  Is this a growl or a purr?"
“I can be sneaky if I want to be,” Steve called after him, and a woman walking by started, hopping back towards the shopfronts.  Steve gave her what he hoped was a reassuring smile, and she gave him a suspicious look before scampering away.  “Well.  If I want to be.”
"Yes, they are."  Everyone turned, as one, to look at Steve.  He stood, his hands braced on the table.  "They are involved.  Because we're asking them to lie for us."
The mobsters were milling around now, a few young men glancing around desperately, trying to figure out where their newest opponent was hiding.  Happy smiled.  “How many men’d you start with?” he asked the thug.  “How many did he already get?”
“Doesn’t much matter what he intended, but I suspect you’re right,” Nicholas said.  He leaned back in his chair, folding his hands over his stomach.  “We’d been at war for a long time.  People were tired.  They were scared.  And a few of the nobles were starting to get above themselves, weren’t they?  Gathering power, consolidating their holds on their lands, and the troops under them.”
“And then there’s you and you say these little things, and you mean them, and-” He rolled Steve over, his knees on either side of Steve’s hips, his hands braced next to his head.  “You’ve ruined me.”
Tony paused, halfway up the hallway, a hastily wrapped present braced against one hip and the others cradled against his chest.  “Did...  Did you just hear yourself saying that?  Was that something you said?  Willingly, did you-”
There was a beat of silence.  "He attempted to access the workshop,” Jarvis said.  “Not long after you disappeared.  In retrospect, I would surmise that he was after technology and information that you had chosen to keep private."
“You are here so that you might broaden your horizons,” T’Challa said, the blade of his knife biting into the yielding flesh of the pear.  He cut a piece free and offered it to his sister, the gesture so gentle and familiar that Steve’s chest ached.
“Yes.” Steve turned back to his meal.  Like Tony had said, it was excellent.  He smiled, dug in.  “It’s lunchtime.  Eat.”
“Right,” Bruce said, nodding once, and then again.  “Right.”  He looked at Bobbi.  “I don’t suppose you can add anything to that?  About what kind of trouble he, uh, he might be?”
When they broke apart, Tony was breathing hard, and Steve's heart was pounding in his ears.  Tony's fingers flexed against the fabric of his shirt, his knuckles white with the force of his grip.  Neither of them moved away, staying too close, their bodies almost touching, their breath mingling in bare inches between their mouths.
And behind them, Tony was looking down at his phone, his thumbs bouncing over the surface. Steve's phone vibrated, and he looked down. “Say nice things about my ass,” the text said. “Should put that in prenup. During media appearances, you have to compliment my ass.”
Rhodey brinned.  “Sure.”  He finished the last of his croissant and reached for the bag.  “You like it, though.”
Steve lifted one hand off the bed, flexing his fingers.  It took more effort than it should've, but everything moved as it should, with only a dull ache as the skin and muscles moved.  He nodded, and let it fall back down at his side.  “I think I'm okay.”
“I can smell the eggs, thank you, that’s close enough.”  Pepper pushed a strand of hair behind her ear, her head tipping to the side.  “But I think you’re going to be fine.  Because I just got notified of this tweet from user HouseInternAnon, which reads, and I quote, ‘Wow, this food truck guy is tearing the congressional committee about twelve new assholes.’”
“Right,” Tony said, and walked down the hallway and back to the main hotel lobby.  He gave the sign sitting on a crooked easel a suspicious look as he passed by.  The hotel lobby had the sort of shabby desperation of a property that had once been a much fancier establishment, but at least there were people here.
“One of which is apparently the desire to put my name on the person I'm in love with,” Steve said, his voice dark.
She handed the baby over easily enough, wrapping her shawl around her.  “I know I shouldn’t,” she said, as Steve settled the baby in the crook of his elbow.  She smiled at him, crossing her arms over her chest.  “But he does get heavy after a bit.”
The sauce was a perfect balance of salty and sweet, the rich taste of the oil cutting the acidic tang of the tomatoes.  Tony let his eyes fall shut as he savored the taste, the notes of basil and oregano, garlic and onion.  His eyes drifted open, and he found Steve staring at him, his cheeks pink from the heat of the stove.  Tony licked his lips, and then, for good measure, reached out to run a finger along the back of the spoon.  "I'll set the table," he said, and tucked his finger into his mouth, sucking it clean with a grin.
He saw Steve and straightened up, his knees locking as he forced himself forward.  May tossed the napkin in her hand aside with a frustrated gesture. “Peter Benjamin Parker, you get yourself back up to bed right now, or I swear you’ll regret it.”
“It happens a lot,” Steve admitted.  “Okay.  Right.  Everyone go to bed.  Pickup can wait until tomorrow.”
DJ grinned at him. “That,” he said, reaching for a pair of pliers, “is lie.” He stopped, concentrated on putting the words in order, in the right order.  “Is a lie.”
His voice trailed away, uncertain of himself, but Harris picked up where he’d left off.  “Because you’d given them significant contributions to them being able to finish their games.”
“Right,” Harris said, scraping a hand over his face.  “Right.  Because I’m getting the feeling here that the reason why you don’t know what’s happening is because you don’t give anyone a chance to explain.”  Tony’s head tipped in his direction, his eyes hidden by his sunglasses.  “I’m going to guess that you heard the bare minimum from every single  person involved with this, and took off to handle it all by yourself, because fuck everyone else and any insight they might have into the situation.”
“They’re not going to take it back,” Tony said, taking a piece of bacon for himself.  As soon as he selected it, Harris snatched it out of his hand.  Unconcerned, Tony picked up another one.  “It’s been altered, Harris.  They’ll still charge me, and then they’ll, I don’t know.” He waved the bacon through the air like a baton.  “Probably throw it away.”  He saw Harris flinch, and struggled to keep a straight face.  “But that’s fine.  Maybe it’ll go to GoodWill or something, and someone who happens to be your exact height and weight will-”
Sam nodded.  “Right,” he said.  “Got your fortune for you, Steve.”  He stepped out of the way, and Steve slipped past him and out of the kitchen.  “‘Beware the fury of a patient man.’”
Tony paused, turning to look back down at him.  “Shift some positions,” he said, his voice brisk and businesslike.  “Happy’s good at gathering information and unlike Rhodey, he honestly enjoys doing basic maintenance.  I have enough cars, he can putter happily for days just checking spark plugs and oil levels.  It’s certainly not hard to find things to do; he’s always been good at keeping himself out of trouble.  Or at least keeping himself out of sight, and honestly, that’s just as good.”
Shuri groaned, and Nakia nudged her gently with one shoulder.  “They will not stop,” she said, smiling at the girl.  “Eat it and you can leverage that later.”
“He donated to PBS, which was very nice, I wondered where he got that tote bag,” Steve said.  “He bought a book on…”  He looked at the invoice.  “‘African Civilizations Prior to Western Influence,’ and one on the rise of the Modernist movement, he’s been exploring that lately.”
“Yes.”  Jan's teeth flashed.  “I like that.  Unnaturally powerful.” She pressed a hand to her chest.  “Something to strive for.”
“Shall be served on the patio,” Jarvis said.  He gave Tony a slight smile.  “Would you care to join us for lunch, sir?”
Rhodey glanced at Tony’s face, his brows drawn up tight.  “She’s in the kitchen with Mrs. Parker, are-”
He bit back the very real urge to say 'well, that's never going to fucking happen,' and instead, just gave the room a slight smile. "Thanks. We appreciate it."
She blinked at him.  "The reception."  Tony and Steve just stared at her, and she frowned at them.  "You are having a reception, aren't you?"
“Maybe if you sweep for him, he’ll hire you and you’ll get out of that viper pit across the street,” Fury pointed out.  Tony flipped him off, the gesture half-hearted, and Fury grinned at him.  “See?  Right there?  That’s the level  of class we’ve come to expect from you, Stark.”
“And yet, it’s the least of my problems,” Coulson said.  Trip tried for a feint towards the back door, and he thrust out a hand, blocking her way.  “Can we please stop this?”
Steve passed the bowl over, and Tony took it with his left hand.  Steve rubbed his thumb over the ink on the inside of Tony’s left arm.  “Garlic, basil, tomato,” he said, his thumb following the pale drizzle of olive oil that traced the skin around the other images.
“Because I think I have come to understand something that has been puzzling me for quite some time.”  Tony held up the pot, and she shook her head.  “No, thank you, it doesn’t agree with me.”
"I wiped it down first," Tony said, just to make Steve wince.  He balanced the salad on one hip as he pulled out plates and bowls.  "You're awfully squeamish for a man who was fed by the US Army during wartime."
“I'm aware, but I'm ignoring this betrayal,” Tony said.  He took a deep breath, and it came out in a cough.  “Our relationship depends on it.”
“No.  What we have is a large reward,” Tony said, his voice tight.  He braced his hands on his hips, his head hanging forward.  “For any information that leads us to finding him.”
“Hi,” Steve said.  He pushed Furbro aside before he ended up losing an eye.  Furbro tumbled onto the floor next to him, and Steve stroked his head in apology.  Furbro’s head tipped, rubbing against Steve’s palm.  “What’s up, cat?”  Furbro blinked up at him, big golden eyes gleaming in the low light.  Then he turned around and padded back into DJ’s room.  A moment later, Steve heard the sound of the cat scratching at something.  Curious, he pushed himself to his feet, following Furbro through the half open door.
Tony rolled over, dragging the blankets up over his shoulder.  "That's cute," he said, grinning.  "I mean, I know I grew up with money, Rogers, but my father had a company to run, and my mother had her own work taking up most of her attention.  And my father chose my childcare providers more on 'do I want to sleep with her' questionnaire rather than due to any real qualifications.  I was not ringing my little silver bell and having my brow mopped with a cool cloth, let me tel you that much."
“I own a company.”  She slid a pin out from between her teeth like she was unsheathing a sword.  “You do realize that, right?”  She gestured at the gym floor, where dozens of fashionable people were hard at work.  “I have so many people, and you-” She stabbed the pin in Luke's direction. “Don't have appropriate formal wear.”
Clint grinned at him, his hands tucked in his pockets, a black overnight bag thrown over one shoulder.  “Sorry,” he said.
“I hate that scarf.  I look...” He stomped back towards the elevator.  “Like a demented British academic.”
“I don't see why,” Tony drawled.  “Because I don't know what this big boy is looking for, but it is absolutely on the make.”  The robot stepped sideways, picking its way around a half dozen deserted cars.  “The energy usage is off the charts, and most of it's going to passive use.  It's running a variety of scans.  Some of which, I don't even know what it's scanning for.”  He skimmed the top of a building, cutting around to get in front of the thing again.  “Banner?  You got anything on this mess?”
He looked up, and Bobbi hadn’t moved, her arms crossed over her chest, her gaze level.  Steve’s mouth moved, struggling to form words.  “The hall beneath the hill,” he said, at last, and she smiled.
Tony landed on his back, his arms stretched out over his head to avoid tipping the food everywhere.  Steve was half on top of him, laughing into his chest, one hand braced against Tony's stomach.  “Tell me you didn't spill that,” he managed, his head coming up.
“Yeah.  If the host had asked him, as a point of conversation, if he was a quote-unquote good father, what would he have said?”
“And she took Peter’s hand, and told him stories about his uncle, and lead him just a few steps away, probably so I could give Mr. Stark a piece of my mind without him hearing.  But before I could get a word out, he plowed straight into his offer.
She stared.  He stared back.  "Cambridge.  England?" she asked, because no further details seemed forthcoming.
“The point is, I was there to handle that for you,” Bucky said.  “Because if he had been cheating on you, I would’ve had plenty of time to hunt him down, break both his legs, and make sure he took it back down before posting a really scathing Gulp! Review on him.”
“I’m just, I’m more comfortable like this,” Peter said, and DJ, freed, dragged a book across the workbench and went back to reading it.   “I’ll just…  Earmuffs.”
“He does this when he’s bored, it’s fine, we have rules, as long as he doesn’t do anything that’ll get me arrested for insider trading, whatever, it’s all systems and numbers and predicting patterns, and he’s very good at all of those things.  He can absorb a massive amount of information and use it to adjust his patterns.”  Tony opened one eye.  “Check the balance on December 1st.”
Steve tried to swallow, but his mouth was so dry it hurt.  He took a breath, and another, trying to find words that didn't involve begging.  Or crying.  His skin felt like it was on fire, a prickly, desperate heat.  He crossed his arms over his chest, anything to keep his hands to himself. “It is morning.”  He was pleased.  That sounded almost normal.  He sucked in another breath.  “So let's just-”
“Put food in your mouth and shut up for a minute,” Harris told him.  He looked at DJ, who was chewing on his straw.  “You hungry?” He reached for the tray that Sitwell had left for them.  “The sandwiches are actually really good here.”
“I mean, it wasn’t my idea,” Tony said, and Clint leaned out of the door, tapping his finger against his wrist.  Tony waved him off.  “I should get going.”  He paused, one foot on the stairs.  “Tell me you’re safe.”
“Nothing in there worth protecting,” he said, and without thinking, his free hand went behind him, reaching for reassurance or connection or something he couldn’t even define.
“I thought you didn’t want to have a theological discussion tonight,” Tony said, and he was smiling.  Steve could hear the smile in his voice.  He was moving to a beat that Steve could almost hear, could almost feel.  “But if you’ve changed your mind…”
The back door opened again, and a man with salt and pepper hair and small, round glasses leaned in.  “We found him?” he asked.  There was an anxious note to his voice, and his eyes met Steve's for only a moment before they jerked away.  His shoulders were hunched beneath his well worn brown shirt, and his hands were stained with the same dirt that caked his boots and the ragged hems of his pants.
“Right here,” Clint agreed, pointing at himself.  He tossed the phone to Tony, who caught it.  “I out talked you.”
As if on command, Tony felt his stomach growl.  He rested his chin on his arm.  “What's your offer?”
"Good."  Her head turned back towards the front, and he could see her jaw, sharp and hard.  "The mayor's office insisted that we take someone along as an escort.  I agreed, as long as it was someone familiar with the neighborhood."  Her eyes canted in his direction.  "And this particular
“You are quite distracting,” Pepper admitted.  She looked over at Jarvis, even as she swept the last of the papers off of Tony’s desk.  “I’m done with him, Mr. Jarvis, you may take him away now.”
Clint snagged a skillet from the rack, setting it on the stove, and laying the bacon in it, one strip after another.  As it started to cook, he held up a hand.  Natasha tossed in egg at him, and he plucked it out of the air without even looking in her direction.  Natasha flicked another egg in his direction, and he caught it with his hand behind his back.  A third egg arced high over their heads, dropping into Clint's waiting palm.  As Steve watched, confusion sweeping over him, Clint started juggling them.
“I promise, if he’s dying, you’re the first one I’ll tell, ‘cause that means I can make you tell Steve,” Clint said, folding his arms on the back of the couch.  “Right.  As soon as we have a registry, you’ll be the first one to hear.”
DJ hopped up, bracing his arms on the edge of the table.  “Yes,” he said.  He poked a bottle of detergent with one finger.  His eyes slid sideways towards Clint.  “Need money.”
“Right,” Tony said.  “The direction, as well as the agreement, I can see that you’re a little confused as to what-”
DJ looked up, his mouth hanging open as he stared up at the fresco above the bed.  Tony followed his gaze.  "Yes, that's quite the thing, isn't it?" he asked, amused.  "My father had that painted."  He looked up, a piece of toast dangling from his fingertips.  The painter had been very enthusiastic, but not particularly talented.  He had, however, had quite the grasp of female anatomy, managing a dozen or so well rounded goddesses and nymphs, their charms barely covered by the gauzy film of their togas.  Tony took a bite of his toast.  "He was quite the connoisseur."  He paused.  “Of women.  Not art.”
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but never got that far, his attention suddenly completely caught by his phone. The text was short, simple, and to the point. “That's your only regret?”
He smiled.  “If your kid’s menu involves frozen chicken nuggets?  You’re bad at your job.  If your ‘gluten-free’ option is the same thing you serve everyone else but with half the ingredients taken out and nothing to replace them?  Then you’re a lousy chef.  If your vegetarian option is a plate full of side dishes?  Take your coat off, take your toque off, and get the fuck out of my, and every other, kitchen.”
Natasha set her cup down and reached for the bag.  “Do you need more warnings?  A better way of tracking what's happening?” she asked.  The scone was still warm; as soon as she took it out of the bag, DJ could smell it, the heady aroma of sugar and cinnamon.
“Of course you do,” she said, but she was smiling as she took a bite of her sandwich.  Her eyes fluttered shut, her cheeks flushing as she chewed.  “Of course you do.”
Used to setting his foot and hip checking the door to loosen the sticky hinge before he tried unlocking it.  Inside, his small apartment was dark and still, but the curtains were pushed back from the single window in the kitchen.  Steve gave it a look.  "You better not have broken my window," he said, pushing the door shut behind him, turning to hang his cap on the hook as he flicked on the single bare bulb in the middle of the room.  "Again."
He stood up and picked up his plate, the motions slow and deliberate.  “After all, you’re common, Ashony.  Your mother was common, and so are you.”
“I'm going to take that as a yes,” Tony said.  He leaned back in his chair, waving a hand in the air in a universal gesture of surrender.  “Fine.  It can stay.”  DJ's face lit up, and Tony struggled against a smile.  “What are you going to call it?”
Clint stopped, holding the glowstick up between them.  “You ever hurt anyone?  Deliberately?”  She blinked at him, and Clint gave her hand a little shake.  “You ever even try to hurt anyone?”
Natasha seemed to glide past, a knife in her hand, and Tony didn't know where she'd pulled that from, where she'd been hiding it.  She hit the doors to the balcony at a dead run, her skirts fluttering around her as she caught the railing in one hand, throwing herself up and over, disappearing into the darkness of the garden.
“And that’s why I hired a professional,” Jan said, gesturing towards Natasha, who took a seat on the edge of the table, accepting a cup of tea from Greer.  “We didn’t have to do this, you made it necessary.”
The letter disappeared back into her pocket.  “He likes to dote,” she said, her voice flat.  “He likes to be seen as generous.  As a benefactor.”
By the time Tony finished with the pump, it was so dark out that he could barely see well enough to get the key into the hole.  He managed to get the door locked mostly by touch, and slipped the key into his pocket, pushing it down low.   Every door on the estate had its own key, and each key had its own hook on the wall of Obie’s study.
She nodded. Her eyes flicked towards Steve again, her lips going tight. But she gathered her things and headed for the door, pulling it shut behind her. It clicked shut, the sound loud in the stillness of the room.
"Right," Tony said, as the thing seemed to wiggled up and over a chair, the movement strangely liquid.
There was a beat of silence.  “Seems like you’ve got a handle on this kind of thing,” Happy said at last.
DJ rolled over, blinking up at Steve.  He then considered the floor for a long moment.  Steve waited, his lips twitching, for him to come to a conclusion.  Finally, DJ looked back up at him.  "No," he stated.
Tony smiled.  "Hand me the socket wrench," he said, holding out a hand.  There was a moment of silence, and he glanced over.  DJ was looking at him, his face twisted in confusion.  "The socket wrench?" Tony repeated.  "You know which one that is?  It's-" he gestured at the tool box.  "It's that one, next to the drill, it's-"
“Marry me, and I'll go punch the faux Doom,” Steve said, and it was such a goddamn Steve Rogers thing to say that Tony felt something inside him snap.
Tony frowned down at the note.  "The writing looks like Rhodey's," he mused, turning it over to look at the back, "but this is clearly a man who doesn't care about his job or our long standing friendship."  He looked back at DJ.  "What time is it?"
“Because if you’re going to have opinions, I’d prefer you have them now, when I can punch you in the back of the head,” she said.  Tony stared at her.  Jan fluttered her eyelashes at him, a sweet smile hovering around her lips.  “Pavlova?”
“And whether you intend it or not, a child can hear that unspoken instruction.  To be good.  To be quiet.  To not make waves and to not make a fuss, because at a certain point, they are testing the limits of what tolerance will allow.   And that is the most terrifying thing.”
“So if you hire a caterer, they’re not going to be in the kitchen cooking these things to order.  I don’t care what they’re telling you, they’re not.”  He tapped a finger on the menus.  “If your menu is the size of a phone book, you’re getting 90% of it from a freezer, and I don’t object to that, but I also don’t see the point.  Why are we hiring a caterer to reheat frozen empanadas when we know a place that makes them fresh and already has proven willing to deliver to us?”
“He did,” Fury agreed.  “He's been quietly working his way into a position of power.  Every time there's a mutant scare, he leveraged it for another few million.  Another small department.  He's tied into a lot of security councils.  A lot of people with deep pockets.”
For a long, painful moment, Ty just stared at him, his face twisted into something dark and ugly.  “You ruined it,” he said, and there was an icy edge to his voice now.  Something cold and calculating and unsettling.  “The way you ruin everything.”
“Right,” Tony said, shutting a drawer and dusting his hands on his thighs.  “I somehow am not convinced by that.”  He caught DJ’s hand and steadied him as DJ scrambled up the rungs of a stool, dropping down onto the seat with a pleased smile.  Tony grinned at him.  “Tell you what.  Let’s go up to the kitchen, and see if Clint has a jar you can have to keep all your treasures in, all right?”
“We’re not talking wrong.  We’re talking illegal..” Tony’s index finger flicked against the back of his other hand.  “Which, yes, there’s nothing illegal about their marriage here.”  His head tipped to the side, his eyebrows arching.  “What if you were somewhere else?  Somewhere where that was illegal?”  A mockery of a smile, hard and brittle, flicked across his face.  “Where you were an officer of the law?”
“Right,” Tony said, because that was the best way he could’ve seen that conversation ending. Especially since Clint was doing absolutely nothing to muffle his snickering.  “Everyone eat, and let’s get going.”
In the fractured light of the streetlights, he saw Tony's teeth flash in a feral sort of grin.  "You always did underestimate me, Rogers."  He twisted around, watching the crowds.  "But yes.  Even for me.  This seems excessive.”
The trip to the kitchen and back only took a minute, and if Harris noticed that the icy water bottle nearly slipped from DJ’s fingers when he tried to hand it over, he didn’t say a thing.  He just took the water with a smile and a whispered ‘thank you.’  As DJ sat down on the table again, Harris took a moment to twist the cap free.  The cat, displeased with the interruption, reached out with one paw, smacking his arm.  Harris gave it a look.  “If you claw me, you get no more scritches,” he said, and the cat settled down with a grumble.  “That’s what I thought,” Harris said, and DJ giggled.  Harris grinned at him.  “Works about 50% of the time.”
DJ lowered himself down next to the cup, doing his best to put his legs where they should be, to follow the routine she'd laid out for him years before.  It never really got easier, but it was calming in its own way.  It was a way to think about things, in a structured way.  A hand.  An arm.  The angle of his back.  The way he held his chin.  The way his muscles pulled tight, then relaxed, each movement making things better.  Making it easier.
The boy never looked away, but his mouth worked, like he was trying to force words out.  "Thought you had a girlfriend."  One shoulder rose, and fell, his backpack shifting with the motion.  "Or, I mean, you did?"
Tony stared down at the flowers in his arms.  “What am I supposed to do with these?” he asked, despite the smile that he couldn't quite repress.
The blonde’s face relaxed into a smile.  “Honestly?  No.  That’s some excellent graphic design work.”
“Why am I here?”  His father scooped up a piece of sushi, popping it into his mouth.  He seemed to take his time chewing, and DJ waited, his heel bumping against the leg of his chair.  His father set his chopsticks down.  “There’s a lot of things I don’t understand,” his father said at last.  He met DJ’s eyes with a crooked smile.  “And I’m okay with that.  I’m okay with things I don’t know, things I don’t understand.”
“I went to school,” Peter said with a grin.  “Then school ended, and I came home.  I did my homework in the kitchen, and DJ helped with that, which was very nice of him.  Now I’m eating a cookie.”
“Haven't got a plan,” Rogers said.  “Other than getting him outside for a bit.  Maybe take a walk around the grounds, or down to the lake.”
Tony’s head was throbbing, the sound of his own pulse a physical force that he couldn’t get away from.  He rolled onto his side, trying to go fetal, and immediately regretted it when his stomach decided to keep right on going.  He gritted his teeth against the rising tide of nausea and regretted that, too, when pain shot through his jaw, and straight into his skull.
Moments later, Steve heard the traditional wedding processional start up, and he smiled down at the certificate.  “Are we ready?” Tony asked Steve, as Steve signed his name, as carefully as he’d ever signed anything in his life.
“What?” Hank glanced up.  All at once, he seemed to be aware that everyone was looking at him.  “Oh.  No?”
Tony's fingers stilled, his palm cupping the back of Steve's head.  “I don't know,” he said at last.  “The most heroic I ever felt in my life was a time Happy and I came across this old car broken down on a coastal highway.”  He stared, unseeing at the wall.  “It was dark and cold, like a hundred plus miles from anywhere, and they had, like, four kids in the backseat.” His fingers flexed, the callouses on his fingers scraping against his own palms.  “It wasn't even a hard fix, you know?  Just needed the know how and a couple of tools.”
Tony handed him the case of slides.  “Nine million holiday parties, having to explain to everyone you’ve ever met and a bunch of people that you never have that your significant other is no longer significant.  Returning presents.  Avoiding any and all ‘happy couple’ ads, which are completely impossible to avoid.  Knowing-”
Shiro peered over his shoulder.  “And I know udon,” he said.  He patted Tony on the back and stepped back, moving past him in the claustrophobic space that made up his kitchen.  The restaurant was barely more than a stand, a handful of stools set up in front of a counter that faced the prep area, and two tiny tables wedged into the remaining space beside the door.  Light filtered in through the flapping cloth flags over the door and windows, and from the counter, Tony could see people darting past on the sidewalk outside.  Despite the early hour, people still paused, peering in over the top of the ‘closed’ sign and testing the door to see if it was really locked.
Tony paused.  “One of these things is not like the others, and I’m not sure I trust any of them,” Tony said.  “Can I get a translation, Jarvis?”
Steve took it from her, opening it cautiously.  Inside, there were a pair of glasses.  The frames were black on top, the rims bleeding into pale, almost transparent plastic at the bottom.  He turned them over in his hands, confused.  "Glasses?" he asked.
Pepper's voice cut through it, cut through everything.  Pepper.  Calm and steady and real.  Pepper.  His head came up, and she was there, swimming through his vision, slowly coming into focus.  She was pale, her freckles bright on the white background of her skin, but she was steady, she was real.
“I’m sure she would’ve preferred that,” Tony said.  “In that she could blame you for it, and invest well in wigs.” He flicked at the hair that curled against her cheek.  It swung right back into place, and she gave him a smug smile.  Tony smiled back.  “Has she gotten you fitted for one yet?”
Tony slouched lower in his seat.  “I still say it’s been longer,” he muttered.  Because it had.  It absolutely had.
Tony poured the sauce with hands that shook, his fingers white knuckled on the bottle.  “Plates up,” he said, ignoring the way that the words burned their way out of his throat, all sharp edges and painful pressure.  He struggled against the need to cough.
"If anyone else in this kitchen had showed up looking like you, you would've expelled them immediately," Steve said.  "They wouldn't have made it past the threshold."  His head tipped to the side, trying to catch Tony's eyes.  "You are sick.  You should not be handling food.  So.  Who's taking your station?"
DJ shook his head, and the bald man huffed out an exasperated breath.  “Just...  Pick him up,” he said to Stark, who gave him a look.
For the most part, however, he didn’t really try.  Tony held him like an anchor, the only thing that seemed to make sense in a world turned on its head.
Steve’s head was swimming, and god, everything hurt in the best possible way.  “That’s…  That’s a bad idea,” he managed.  Tony’s hand cupped his cheek, and without thinking, Steve turned his head, pressing a kiss against his palm.  “Isn’t it?”
"Sorry, ma'am," he said, but he soldiered on anyway.  "With all due respect, what are you doing down here?"
“Glad to meet you, Callie.”  He leaned forward, staring into her eyes.  “Really.  Serious talk here.  You okay?”
“I don’t like to think about Phil in any sort of…  Casual clothing,” Harris said.  “It’s like seeing your third grade teacher buying margarita mix at the grocery store.  It’s very disconcerting.”
She hummed under her breath, a dangerous trill of sound.  She looked at Strange.  “Am I taking him home?” she asked.
Tony's eyebrows arched, but he nodded.  “To us.”  He stood.  “Come on.  Let's go try some champagne.”
Her eyes narrowed.  “I’m a woman of all work, Officer.  I do a bit of gardening, a bit of housekeeping.  I chop some wood, I polish some brass, including this brass,” she said, gesturing at the still.  “He's...  Satisfied by my output.”
Reality hit like a bucket of icy water to the face.  Steve took a step back. “Sorry,” he said, and his voice sounded raw.  “I’m-” Before Tony could say a word, Steve was scooping DJ out of his hands, wrapping the boy up against his chest.  He took a step back, and nearly tripped over his own feet.  “I’ll put him to bed.”
Steve sucked in a breath, his head hanging down.  "Don't know what you're talking about," he said, and Sam laughed.
In the center of the mats, Thor was waiting, Jane hovering just next to him.  “Friends!” he boomed, his face splitting in a grin.  “We have come for your lessons!”
He looked up.  Steve was staring at him, his face unreadable, and Tony shifted in his seat, throwing his legs out in front of him.  “Half the time, you're there in my bed in the morning,” he said.  “And when you're not, your razor's on my sink and your shirts are on my bureau.  If I'm in Queens, I know I'm going to find your goddamn banana breads cluttering up my freezer, your tea on my counter.”  He rubbed a hand over his face.  “And in midtown, it's your dry cleaning mixed in with mine, your shampoo in my shower, your socks under my bed.”
His voice trailed away, and he didn’t know what he’d been trying to say.  Tony glanced up at him, his dark brows arched.  “Well, it’s my house,” he said, his tone wry.  “But I do usually respect a closed door.”  His head tipped to the side.  “But I followed the other intruder in.”
"I think that it would be an important statement of support from your friends and family," Jan said, emphasizing the two words with all the zeal of a revivalist preacher.  "And lacking a public show of-"
Tony's fingers slipped beneath the waistband of Steve's pants, tickling at the sensitive skin just below his belly button.  “Are you saying I'm easy to predict?”
“Okay, children, back to work,” he said, his voice amused.  “Mr. Garbage Bag's going down the trash chute now.  Sam, give them something to do before Steve realizes what Clint's doing to the kitchen.”
“Dunno.”  He bent over the paper, squinting to see, and wishing the light was a bit better.  He shifted to the side, folding one leg under him, trying to get a better angle.
“Yeah,” Tony said.  He gave up and fumbled in his pocket for the bottle of aspirin.  “We got married.  That's...  That's a thing that happened, so can we move on?”
“Yes, don't take it personally, darling,” Jan said, waving her fork.  “Obie doesn't think any of us should be here.  The table's full of women who've sullied themselves by engaging in trade, social climbing men dating above their station, and children.”  She paused.  “And a cat.”
Steve had expected that they'd all drift away as soon as they'd finished eating, returning to their work and their routines.  But no one did.  One by one, they put their plates aside and just settled down with a cup of lemonade, lingering in the last of the afternoon sun.  Even Stark had merely reclaimed his notebook from Pepper and settled back, his back braced against against the tree, his head bent over his work.
"Miss Potts, this is Officer Rogers," Lt. Murray said.  "He'll be assisting you today.”   He gave her a smile that verged on condescending.  “Officer Rogers, the lovely Miss Potts.”
DJ smiled at him.  “Love you.”  Shutting the car door, he slipped through the front gate and jogged up the path.  The massive round window, several stories above him, caught the late afternoon sunlight, and he squinted up at it.  Some days, he could swear he could see its pattern changing every time he blinked  Today, though, it was still, gleaming silver-white against the stone background.
“I have a French Toast Casserole in the oven,” Phil said from the doorway.  He was carrying an insulated coffee pot.  Behind him, Clint balanced stacks of tea cups on a tray. “Clint has monkey bread.”
The sound of shattering glass echoed down the empty street, and Tony swept low, under a fire escape dotted with potted plants, coming close enough to a window that the curtains were sucked out in his wake.  It was New York.  Things were close.  Tight.  Even this high, there wasn't much space to maneuver, there wasn't much of a margin for error.
“I would never,” she said, and she sounded so smug that it was all he could do to keep from laughing out loud.
“He should’ve expected that and compensated.  God knows I’ve had more than one smoothie cup tossed at my head over the years.” Tony leaned back into Steve’s body, needing the support more than he needed air at that second.  He took a deep breath.  “All right.  Enough.”  Enough what, he wasn’t sure.  Enough panic.  Enough emotion.  Enough forced inactivity.  He met Stephen’s eyes, his jaw set.  “What are we doing?”
One eyebrow arched.  “Doesn’t everyone?”  One hand tapped on the keyboard of her computer, kept discreetly out of sight.  The other eyebrow arched.  “Ah.”  She scrolled through the list, and Tony waited, amused despite himself.  “I…”  She paused.  “How…  Dirty are you looking for?”
“GIANT FOAM CAT PAWS,” she said, in the tones of someone who’d discovered a holy relic, and Clint held out a hand.
Bucky was sprawled over one end of the couch, draped over the arm, his hand trailing down to the ground.  His face was mostly hidden under his hair, but he was snoring, the sound echoing out from under the strands.  One of his legs was stretched along the back of the couch,  his bare foot resting on Tony's hip, and the other was folded under him at an awkward angle.
Steve stroked his hair.  “His socialist parent is proud of him.”  Tony grumbled something at him, the words muffled by Steve’s sweatshirt.  Laughing, Steve kissed his head.  “You take care of him.  You’ll always take care of him.  And when he ran out of money?  He went looking for work.  He’ll be fine, Tony.”
He let his voice trail away, taking a bite of the still too-hot pizza, and Steve picked up where he left off.  "And assigned every file a randomly generated four digit number," he said.  He grinned.  "Now you and I are going to choose the numbers, two each."
“So if they're like, 'hey, you've got a real pretty mouth, bet you give good head,' I'm going to roll with it,” Clint said, with a nod.  “Because the kind of guys who try that are either really repressed or think you are.  So they either A. they get turned on, or B. they get freaked out and in either case, that makes them a lot easier to shoot.”
Steve raised his head, letting Tony bury his face in his shoulder.  “Bucky,” Steve said, smoothing a hand over Tony's head, “go home!”
“And just how sensitive is that threat sensor?” Tony asked.  He pulled up a grainy cell phone video of the robot's arrival, coming in low over the harbor, repulsors pushing it along low over the surface of the water.  “What, exactly, would set it off?”
Stark looked at DJ, who grinned up at him, the kite now balanced on his head like a particularly flat, wobbly hat.   "It's no good," Stark told him, and before DJ's face could fall, he was rolling to his feet.  "Let's go, Rhodey."
“So we're in a hole,” he said, into the horrible, still silence of his communit.  “We might be in the sewers.” He managed to take a breath and then another, choking on the sediment in the air.  “Smells more like the G-Line, to be honest.  So.  We might be in the subway line.  In the dark.  If someone could check on that.  You know.  Before a train comes.  That'd be awesome.”
And Steve found himself face to face with Bobbi Morse.  Just not the Bobbi Morse he’d ever met before.  Her brows seemed heavier, the sharp line of her jaw held at an aggressive angle.  Her hair was hidden under her hat and the cut of her suit camouflaged the lines of her body, making her slim and tall and angular.
Tony struggled to keep a straight face, despite the way his heart was pounding. “Why, is there something you wanted me to hear?” He arched an eyebrow. “Or something you didn't want me to hear.”
“That would be the long and short of it, yes,” Tony said.  He swung DJ off of his back and lowered him down to a stool next to Peter, who immediately ripped off a piece of his toast and offered it to DJ.  Tony gave him a look.  “Parker.   We have more bread.  I can see a loaf over there.  He can have his own.”
