a right sob story if you step back and look at it. Seriously, change the names, put it in third person, and tell it to yourself. It’ll put a whole new perspective on things for you.”
“You just shut up and wait until your food gets here.” John found his feet under the table and gave him a sharp kick. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he jumped, but he didn’t say anything. John, with a proud smile, took a sip of his wine. He immediately spat it back out into his glass. “Oh, Jesus, what the… What is that?”
He’d wanted to start a new fire in his life. Get over the old one, start afresh, but he’d had no idea how. Now he thought he had at least a bit of an idea.
John couldn’t help but feel that there was probably some sort of right he had to get checked out by another doctor again just in case. He wasn’t certain enough to take anyone up on it. Besides, all it would do was buy him time to stew in his own doomed juices. He didn’t much fancy that.
To fucking Mr Hart, right now, as his scarred shoulder ached from being pressed so hard against the door to listen to his dad and his sister eat their Sunday dinners, because he had to hear that she was okay.
“What?” John laughed, sitting up and muting the television. “She can get anyone to a party, she’s that sort of woman.”
“Please,” John said. He could feel hot tears pricking his eyes and he sniffed hard. “Please, I really need to talk to him. I’ll just keep ringing if you don’t let me.”
The novelty of living in the middle of nowhere in a beautifully quaint cottage had worn off pretty quickly, and as soon as he could be bothered to go into London he’d find himself somewhere else.
John laughed again, and Sherlock thought he’d never get sick of that sneaky little giggle he did when he thought he shouldn’t laugh.
“John,” she said quietly, “the difference between you and me is, you don’t fight back. You take it, and take it like anything he does is a personal reflection on your own worth, and one day it’s going to kill you. You think he’s never tried to pound me into the ground? You’re wrong. But it didn’t take him long to figure out that I minimise my exposure and I fight back with whatever’s available. I don’t fight fair, John. I never have.” If she had, perhaps it would have looked less like she’d left her brother for the slaughter. “You fight fair, you end up dead, and I don’t want you dead, John. One of us has to go off and make something of ourselves. Once again: I’d rather it be you.
is why I refuse to socialise,” Sherlock snapped in annoyance. He reached over and pulled John’s hand away from his face.
“Hello, John,” he said, pulling up a chair. The nurse pointed out the call button and closed the door behind her. “How are you feeling?”
“You what?” John really couldn’t believe this. Sherlock stared at him all the time, especially when he wasn’t feeling well, but this was the first time they’d ever really spoken. “Why?”
For the few boxes Harry had bought, the Chinese food looked like a feast fit for a king to John. The spread smelt better than anything he’d ever experienced before, and even if some of the food looked a bit greasy or squishy, he was still going to try his best at trying all of it. After all, he only remembered one of these things from before his mother had died – the rest were a mystery. Sherlock kept him brave, however, by almost forcing the food between his lips. “Try this,” he’d say, a piece of chicken balanced between some chopsticks already hovering in front of his mouth. “And this one next,” he’d follow, with what appeared to be a piece of sponge covered in red sauce held up.
Sherlock watched as Harry crossed her arms. He looked back at John, and his arms, and then did a quick comparison of their faces. They were more similar than he’d realised.
“No, no, keep that on for me. Good lad. We’re taking you into hospital, you just fainted for a while. We’re worried about your head.”
Sherlock grunted. Once they were safely hidden in the cab, he reached across the seat, eyes set dead ahead, and took John’s hand again.
“Evening,” the man greeted, pulling up the chair. John didn’t reply, but he did offer a small smile back to be polite. “I’m Dr. Garner. I’ve got a few tests with me here. I’d like to say they’re nothing major, but if anything substantial is proven then it will go to court as evidence when you’re tried.”
She was leaving after the school year, John recalled. Leaving to get married and move to France with her husband, who owned a boat and was also a French teacher. John had decided long ago that he didn’t like him. He often found himself thinking about Mr Hart (John’s tutor had never mentioned his name, so the nickname had stuck for him, no matter how inaccurate it was always going to be). Mostly, Mr Hart was where his mind wandered when he was suffering – to stupid Mr Hart and his selfishness and all of the rescues he was stealing from John by taking Miss Hart away.
Sherlock materialised behind him as soon as he was finished, and, after giving John a second to jump and curse under his breath, he stepped past and pulled the door open to lead the way downstairs. John, jacket zipped all the way up and hands shoved deep into pockets, still shivered gently when the door opened and a draft of freezing cold November air wafted directly into their faces. No matter how many times he was greeted with that same winter chill he never quite seemed to get used to it.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Irene shook her head, resisting the urge to roll her eyes. “I’m being the voice of reason in this tomfuckery you’ve set up. John has been weary of you ever since your lilac letter arrived. And he hates formal parties.
Irene’s eyebrow jumped in her hairline. “Huh? Sure? Aren’t you going to lecture me on the importance of keeping science-y stuff as it is so as not to mess with time continuum or similar crap?”
He rounded the corner, thoughts whirling in his head like tied strings and springs. Frustration was one word to describe his mood, but there was more to it. He tried his hardest not to let it show, but he wasn’t doing a good job. Dean picked up on it.
“Here?” Sherlock asked innocently, but John saw his smirk in the window’s reflection. That bastard. He gave him the satisfaction of looking straight at him, but his face remained blank. “Or here?”
“We’ll start then, a’ight? Okay. Irene started the last round, it’s Janine’s call now. The song is a surprise! Let’s roll, everybody!”
“When John and Sherlock drove me to the mall to buy me new clothes it was on the radio. Same song. Beyoncé played too, and I must say that her music is enjoyable.”
Another crash of wind that, ironically, knocked their breaths out. Sparks cracked like fireworks in the air around them. Dean charged at Gloria with his scythe, but Gloria didn’t even lift a finger before another wave of wind knocked him back. Sherlock grabbed the journal and searched it for anything helpful.
“And what about you, little puppy? Okay, I’ll move you on your back now, don’t worry -- okay. You’re a boy. And you have a red coat…. Oh, stupid, I know what will suit you.” He halted, but shook his head at himself for being too touchy-feely about this. “Redbeard sounds nice, I think. Hm? Are you okay with Redbeard?”
Irene pushed her plate to the side, patting her sated belly. John gave her a look; her plate was still half full. “What? I’m tiny. One more bite and I’ll burst.”
With every claim about her upcoming date, she pushed Sherlock backwards until he hit the closet door.
“Fine, whatever,” she put her hands up defensively. “You’re no fun. Just unwind a little for once. There’s nothing wrong with falling in
“You said you may have something for us,” Sherlock said, changing the topic. He kept his eyes on the water, throwing another chunk of biscuit to the animals.
But what he loved a tiny bit more at the present moment was causing mischief. And mischief he’ll cause!
“Whoa! Wait,” John grabbed her by the wrist, pulling her from the magenta beam. “You don’t know what it does if you do it repeatedly.”
Cas uncrossed and crossed his arms, his wings shivering uncomfortably. A vital piece of human culture escaped him, he knew as much. His squirming in infinite space didn’t help his confusion. Why would anyone read about someone named Potter? Humanity had strange antics.
“That’s a bit harsh,” John said, pattind Castiel’s arm. “How about you come with us? I have Sam and Dean’s contact, we can call them at the Shack.”
“Alright, alright -- I get it!” Sherlock huffed in defeat. He cradled long fingers through John’s fringe. Sherlock’s own fell over his line of vision. “Oh, I forgot something. Can you text Sam?”
Its abstract pattern combined orange and yellow hues, an A-line in design, and not even too loose around the chest or waist area, plus it was knee-length. The colours were washed out, but not too desaturated to look shabby or inadequate.
“I do have my enlightening moments,” John said, taking his chance at surprising Sherlock by grabbing his by the nape of his neck and putting their mouths together. Sherlock hummed, taken aback slightly since he was busy glaring at the offensive droplets of rain, but he quickly melted into the soft and sweet brush of their lip, and here they were, kissing in the rain.
And don’t tell them that he definitely did have that picture set as John’s contact picture in his phone.
’ sort of fashion and propped an elbow on his knee. Sherlock relaxed a little. Time for another question. “Why do you call yourself Freddie Mercury?”
John exhaled sharply through his nose and looked at the half-hidden merfolk in the net. The vines were creeping towards them. John took a note of where he was, and where the vines were crawling. The hunter was one of their targets. And as much as John wanted them all to survive, he couldn’t help but feel that this was good timing so that the merfolk could live, which was John’s main priority.
“Yes, I’m not completely incompetent, you know?” he laughed into his phone, yawning. “I’ll go to sleep too. Good night.” The line went dead, Mrs Hudson’s chuckle cutting off as they hung up.
So. She’s the single, yet a very experienced dating coach that’s temporarily retired. Sounds about right.
“You’re insufferable,” she said, putting hands on her hips. “I don’t have time for this. Get out of the room, I have to get ready for my date.”
Redbeard barked at a stranger walking towards them, except it wasn’t a stranger, but John’s grunkle. Mrs Hudson didn’t live too far off from here, but he still made it back pretty fast. Greg was swinging car keys around his forefinger, shades on, his care in the world switched off. Redbeard used Sherlock as a leverage to rush off to meet the new human, Grace raising her head to see where her kid’s ran off to again.
"We fend off Dementors and Disapparate as fast as possible," said John as if it was a previously made plan.
“Bleh,” Sherlock pronounced simply and yet meaningfully. He stretched out his arm, but he missed a bottle by a few centimeters. “Jawn, help.”
Sam chuckled, pushing his empty plate from him. “Alright, if she won’t be bothered. We’d really like to reconcile with her. We don’t have almost any family left, so it would be nice to meet someone familial, albeit distant.”
“Harry!” John appeared in the doorway of his room, leaning heavily on a boy she’d never seen before. “Oh my God, leave her alone! Let her through. Please. I want her here, that’s my sister.”
John found it difficult to leave. He supposed he was in shock, though it didn’t feel fitting that this time last year he’d been happily throwing himself into the crossfire in war-torn Afghanistan and now he got a bit of a fright from a friendly (if extremely threatening) chat.
Finally! Wasn't going to post this chapter tonight, but I've had several amazing ideas for the sequel, so I had to. It might not get written for a while, but it will definitely get done as soon as I'm finished with the next fic I'm writing.
Sherlock chuckled quietly. He didn’t say anything back but he reached over into the top drawer of the cabinet by his bed and plucked out a bottle of lube and two condoms, laying the protection on the other side of the bed and rubbing a drop of the lubricant over two fingers.
“Well,” Moran said casually, seeming to vaguely assess the figure of his friend before turning his attention back to John. He had a greasy smile on his lips that John found himself even closer to wanting to punch than before. “I know about your faun.”
That phrase had been haunting him for a while now, far longer than simply the last hour. It had been persistent, but not the first of its kind.
my bloody size, and, in case you’re forgetting this, too, I had a sister to think about. Do you know how many times he’s threatened to take your university funding away and drag you back home if I didn’t do this, or do that? He let you go because I let him beat
“Look. You open it like this,” he hooked two fingers in the drawn hole at the top and pulled it open. “And then your things go inside. See, my jumper, inside. And you close it by pulling these, like this… And you can carry it around. It doesn’t come out.”
“That’s… That’s gross,” John frowned, rubbing at his hair again. It was strange how it felt just like a cat had licked it – bone dry and combed through from the sandpaper tongue. Again, Fawnlock didn’t understand.
John gave up and returned his gaze to the ceiling, putting the mask back over his mouth. This peg was getting very annoying. It was all he could do not to fall asleep in the comparatively luxurious comfort of the ambulance.
Sherlock shook his head. He couldn’t think. Everything in his head had moved at the same time that everything outside of his head had moved, like two cogs turning together instead of one turning another, and they’d jammed together and… Well. Eggs. Suddenly there was soft leather beneath him and then he sank to the left as John joined him on the sofa.
“We can, if you want.” Sherlock frowned. He turned and went into the living room, picking John’s coffee up and giving it to him. “Is that what you want?”
When the door finally did shove open, a series of snaps, rustles, and an eventual heavy thump had him pressed flat against the doorframe with one foot in and one foot out. That hadn’t been thunder. Not even if he tried really hard to pretend it had been, which usually worked.
John swallowed. He lifted the beam up, and then down, and then up again. Then he shone it down his body again. Then back at his head. Then up further, over the antlers protruding from it. This didn’t make sense, but he couldn’t just leave him here. He was hurt, his
“Just one more thing, Jim,” Moran said. John had to hope it was the last thing. He wasn’t sure he could stay any longer without barging back in and throwing a few punches. “There’s more, isn’t there?”
The journey was agonisingly long. His bum had gone numb after just half an hour on the hard plastic, and his hands only responded with a dull tingling sensation as he tried to move them, not to mention the ache in his back from having them held behind him. There was a partition between him and the two officers in front, but he tried asking them anyway.
Then again, it hadn’t exactly been on his to-do list to be arrested for murder and walk away with what was likely an armed and delusional criminal.
He forced himself to swallow the mouthful he had and then put his plate on the floor. When he turned to Fawnlock again, the poor thing’s eyes were wide with nerves. John smiled sweetly to try and calm him down. As he leant forwards himself, those sharp eyes snapped down to John’s lips, but he didn’t move away when they pressed against his.
He tried not to be too disappointed that he hadn’t seen it – after all, if it wasn’t even in any of the nature books he’d been so keen on when he was younger, how rare must it have been? He highly doubted it had been discovered while he’d been away.
“Please, John. Don’t be difficult.” John had to question how Sebastian had made it sound like John was the one in the wrong.
John hardly needed to think about it. War veteran – that meant violent to the authorities, especially because he kept a gun. PTSD meant likelihood of psychotic episodes. No proof of where he was, because he lived in the middle of bloody nowhere. And, on top of all that, he was keeping a research scientist’s wet dream in his kitchen. He was a pathetically easy target to pin a murder on, really.
like a date. Not a conventional one, by any means, but still a date, and he was enjoying himself. So was John, hopefully.
“I do,” John said, dragging Sherlock from his distractions. He turned his head and pressed a gentle kiss to the side of Sherlock’s head. “And you’re sweet. A complete idiot, but sweet.”
John felt himself go limp. He didn’t know what was happening any more. What had happened to the sweet little cottage he lived in, and that picture of the perfect blue sky that he’d been so pathetically proud of? God, he felt sick, but he couldn’t tell if it was anxiety or homesickness. He’d have bet on both.
John spent a few minutes tracing his fingers over the sharp spikes of the bone, just watching. Watching Fawnlock was always interesting; he wasn’t sure why. After a little while Fawnlock sat back on his heels and leant against John. He looked satisfied. With a little smile, John stroked his hand down and combed his fingers into his damp hair, trying to smooth it out a bit.
John tried to make it obvious he was there, and not make it look like he was sneaking up. He deliberately scuffed the doorway with the shoulder of his coat and tried to make his footsteps heavier, indeed stepping on the floorboard, but slowly. He couldn’t hear anything change, but perhaps he wasn’t close enough.
“Harry,” John said firmly. He lifted his head and looked straight at her. “There’s nothing between us. He’s my friend. He’s helped me. I owe him my life about four times over.”
John reacted automatically, his lips moving in time against Sherlock’s even though his mind didn’t quite understand what was happening. Beside him, Sherlock couldn’t quite understand it himself. He’d expected John to freeze for a moment, and then start squirming and beating on his shoulders until he let him go. But this… this was a much nicer alternative.
“Where are we going, then? And when?” He made sure Sherlock had closed his drawer before he turned around. He stretched his arms up over his head.
“John,” he blurted, making both himself and the faun jump. He cleared his throat awkwardly and tapped his chest. “John.”
“Golly. Spent all that on me, did you?” John popped the cap off his drink and gave it a sniff. “God, it smells amazing. Thanks.”
“Oh.” John paused, suddenly feeling a ball of some sort of emotion swell up in his chest. He glanced up at Sherlock, smiling just a little bit. “Yes, I think so. That’d be nice. Thanks.”
“For indictable offences like murder, that’s the maximum we can hold you without charging you, but I daresay you’ll be charged and given a court hearing very quickly and then put on remand.” The voice floated through the bars of John’s cell, and he could almost hear the shrug.
Sebastian offered an empty smile. “Okay. I’ll explain it simply for you.” He settled his hands on his stomach. “I put your face on that photo and sent it to the police.”
“We just proved that they’re all wrong!” John said, pointing at the one in Sherlock’s lap. “I’m not a woman, Sherlock, I don’t feel things that way. Women and men have very different ideas and ways of thinking about things.”
mind. He’d heard of those ridiculous moments before, though, those moments in books where everything just started running so fast that they stopped. He didn’t understand how they worked. How could any mind
“I should be annoyed at you for playing me like this, I guess, but… Mm. I can’t. I’m bloody impressed.”
“After lunch,” Sherlock announced as he walked back in twenty minutes later. “We’ve got about two hours.”
He spent the best part of the day catching up on what he’d lost. He was due for his weekly shop anyway, and he took the opportunity to buy more bin liners, new bed sheets, a blanket, and a small bag of coal for his tiny fireplace. He put his name down for another, bigger lot to be delivered later in the week. Who had ever decided that cottages didn’t need central heating?
It turned out that the drive to the local court was a short one, thankfully. Neither John’s bum nor his hands had enough time to go numb, which he had to consider a bonus as he got out and arched his back. As soon as he saw the building, however, he felt his feet go numb. The seriousness of the whole situation set in: he could actually go to prison today. Well, he
Come Tuesday lunchtime, he still hadn’t consumed more than liquids. He’d had a constant headache for the last day and he could hardly move without getting light-headed, so he’d blown his friends off and headed to the library – and then woken up in the back of an ambulance.
Sherlock wasn’t buying it. “The reason they don’t want victims to have contact with their abusers is to make a clean break and reorient to a non-warped version of reality.”
John jumped. He straightened himself up, realising how much he’d drooped with the memories of his last year in service, and turned around. “So?” he asked with a plastered on smile.
“Kiss me,” John repeated, more confidently this time. His eyes were wide with excitement and they stayed holding Sherlock’s gaze as he stood from his chair and came over. “Come on. Just try it.”
The silence was uncomfortable and uneasy on Sherlock’s side, but every time he looked at John he seemed contemplative. He supposed the man had no idea of Sherlock’s metaphorical squirming, but he had to be glad for it. He hated awkward conversations that tried to fill awkward silences. They were worse than the silences themselves.
Sherlock was a little torn, if he was being honest. The only thing that had been on his mind for the last hour had been kissing John senseless, and now that that was underway… well, he realised that he hadn’t really thought this far ahead. He’d meticulously planned each hour of their day up to this point and conveniently forgotten that things that weren’t
you do. You were feeling fragile earlier and I think my comforts influenced you in ways you otherwise wouldn’t have chosen to feel. I think I may have taken advantage of your emotional state.” Sherlock scratched his forehead hard, greatly troubled at these realisations. Had he really forced himself onto John without realising? “I’m sorry. Truly sorry.”
“I want to talk to him,” John said, his voice getting tighter and more watery with every word. “Please. I’d like to talk to him.”
His last thought before he drifted to sleep was that, by some miracle, this creature could be his kindling.
When it came down to it, John wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. Did he wait for this faun thing to come out? No, that was a stupid idea. It was cold outside, and God knew how long it would stay in there. So, did he open the door and wait for it to leave? No, he’d still have to wait outside. Confront it? That seemed the easiest way. If he was careful.
John got out another. “At least the stuff I read is factual,” he pointed out, pulling the sugar over as he waited for the kettle to boil.
When John woke up the next day, Sherlock was gone and he felt like he’d been hit by a bus. He slammed the call button without even trying to roll onto his back, his entire chest in aching, splitting pain with every shallow breath he took. A minute later, a syringe of morphine was poked into his cannula and he relaxed. Breakfast came for him, and then some magazines, and then  he got sick of staring at his boring ceiling all the time. He took the card from his bedside table and went on an adventure to the canteen – and to a payphone.
“John?” he asked quietly. He had to close his eyes as his brain overloaded with the sensations splashing out from his cock.
John shook his head as he lay back, once again pulling the mask down to rest under his chin. “Where are we going? There was a police station in that town ages back.”
The gentle flutters in his chest had transformed to pulsing wing beats, hammering him from the inside out. It felt like his heart was going to burst out of his ribcage, but at the same time it was relief from the constant twitching of the past few months.
“Starbucks is still open,” John mentioned as they passed a high street. A few of the shop signs were still lit up, one of which was a coffee shop – or, in John’s mind, a
“Into what? Do I need to find a suit? I don’t think I’ve got any that are dry-cleaned.” John moved to sit at the edge of Sherlock’s bed, scrubbing a hand over his face.
Just as that thought struck, there was a twitch to his left. His head turned so fast his neck clicked, and he bit back a grimace when he saw who was at the window.
They took their time exploring each other. Not too much, not too physically, but their hands roamed, stroking and holding, and their mouths synchronised until they were both giving and taking in time with the other. Eventually Sherlock couldn’t take it anymore.
After a second of consideration, his practical side won over and he moved his shopping inside while he had the chance. He left the door open and began slowly making his way towards the hall. He briefly pondered over whether or not to step on the creaky floorboard and alert the faun to his presence or—well, actually, no. That sounded like the best plan.
“Couldn’t have. You were on the floor, last I saw. You weren’t even man enough to stop me yourself. Stop crying, you’re snivelling all over the place.”
He wiped his cheeks. “I’m not,” he muttered simply, refusing to believe that he could possibly be doing something so horrible to someone who’d been so kind to him. “Told you, I’m okay. Nothing they can do for my lung, all I need to do is go easy for a few days. The bones are cast and wrapped. I’ve endured worse pains with no painkillers.” He patted his ever-sore shoulder. “I don’t need to be here.”
There were dark patches over his waist, also shaped like triangles, but John didn’t want to focus on that, or the long thickets of hair he could see completely covering the crotch. He continued his little study and noticed a collar of the same furry hair growing over his neck and shoulders and leathery soles on the skin of his feet and calluses on his fingertips.
He offered his glass to Sherlock, who frowned and took up his own instead. “It’s just their house red,” he answered. He took a sip and forced it down. “Oh, wow.” He shuddered. “Did your sister not say anything about the wine?”
By the time he’d caught his breath and turned his head to rest his chin on John’s chest, the hard-on he’d felt beneath him before had disappeared but John wasn’t showing any signs of orgasm. Sherlock frowned.
“Eggs,” Sherlock blurted. John pulled back and he stared at him with wide eyes, not really sure what had just come out of his own mouth.
“No,” Sherlock answered. He should have known John wasn’t going to be listening to the questions he’d asked. “She said the air that’s meant to be in your left lung has seeped outside of it and into your chest cavity. They’re going to release it for you.”
He gestured back to the front door to make his point, not sure how much Fawnlock understood from his two days of solitude. He just shook his head, and John nodded.
The detective nodded and unlocked his cell. He handcuffed a passive John and led him down a few seemingly disused corridors until they were in another bright concrete room, this one complete with a writing desk and payphones lining the walls.
. He wanted to feel the life that wasn’t just the slow-growing veg he’d managed to tease to life in the garden. He wanted bustle that wasn’t just the leaves in the wind.
“Did I… Did I ever tell you how much I love dirty talk?” he gasped, deliberately clenching around Sherlock, who thought for a moment as he moved.
John’s eyes widened and his cheeks blushed a bright pink. “Oh my God. Jesus. I’m so sorry. Oh, fuck, I feel sick.”
It took Sherlock a long second to translate the words that were coming out of John’s mouth into something that made more sense. He’d explained this to John before, he thought, but he’d just woken up at the time. It was very likely that he hadn’t been listening at all.
John did the opposite, tilting his own head up as he closed his eyes, too. His voice caught in his throat as he felt a warm ghost of breath over his lips – not that he’d have said anything even if he’d been able. There was a mutual pause between them at the last second, but Sherlock didn’t have time to back away because suddenly John’s mouth was on his and it was soft, so soft, and warm, and he was finally get a kiss from someone he’d wanted to get a kiss from.
“Ouch! Yelling at the top of your lungs is enough, John,” Irene reprimanded him with a glare, but it disappeared quickly as she rubbed the sory spot. She picked up the lighter and toyed with it as John smoothed it out on the table’s narrow surace.
“I’ll go home now,” she told him, pointing a thumb in the living room’s direction. “He’s dead as a log, isn’t he?”
He took off as he was saying it, gaining a few meters on Sherlock. The lanky bastard was fast, however, and caught up with John easily enough. What Sherlock didn’t know, though, was that John had taken up jogging during his university year, and had both the stamina and leg muscles to keep up with him.
“I appreciate it,” Blake told him, hoping to convey all the honesty he felt in the short statement. “I really do. Merlin’s pants, I don’t know what I’d do if I were to walk in there and only then discovering that I’m about to face a flesh and bone
And now he stared at his mostly inactive Messenger. Kind of forgotten, but he dealt with that. Or so he told himself.
She hovered centimeters above, her frame just barely trembling and twitching. “James?” her whisper almost got lost in the static sound of water breaking against slick rocks outside. Sherlock wondered if she recognised her fiancé based on the clothes or some different clue he missed in a hurry.
They waited in silence and then, when Hermione couldn’t stand it any longer, she paced up and down the room, arms crossed. She stopped every few minutes to glance at a book cover that sat on a table in between two slim windows facing Baker Street. The suspense kept building up until Harry was sure it would soon burst and send Hermione or Ron on a rant. To be honest, he’d welcome anything, he didn’t want to think of the past few days’ events.
“I’m glad to be the source of your serotonin and dopamine dose of the day,” John said, shaking off the overjoyed Kate and his initial surprise, “but we steered from my original question. I’m not sure where to take Sherlock out on a date.”
“Tell me about it,” Millie groaned, and Greg heard her put down a cup of tea. The porcelain clicked in his ear. “Fritz does his best to connect with the Grimm Network, but they’re delaying meetings until the thirteenth.”
“My surroundings were still black, but I was trapped in a circle made of blue fire. It wasn’t holy fire. I haven’t seen anyone, but I heard a malicious voice. I couldn’t distinguish whether it was male or female. Most likely androgynous. The being was taunting me, calling my name until I paid attention.
John dragged Sherlock closer for everyone to see (letting his hand rest on the small of Sherlock’s back), not completely missing Irene’s smirk. “This is Sherlock Holmes, Irene and him are step-siblings. And he’s really fucking smart so don’t try pulling pranks on him, he’ll know what you’re doing.”
He took the palette from Sherlock, looking down at the acrylic paint. Sherlock hummed, uneasy. What would happen now? Was John angry with him? This wasn’t like that time when he burned that hideous jumper of his…
“Naturally. So tell me, honest to Vishnu or whatever deity you worship: what would you do despite all of your ups and downs you have experienced over the past year with the Club if you discovered that John has fallen in love again, and not with you?”
Irene struggled violently against Marina’s death grip on her legs, quiet sobs reaching Sam as he crouched underneath her. He glanced at Dean who circled the unsuspecting mermaid opposite of Sam and Irene. Sam debated his next course of action: Dean’s scythe might’ve actually been the better candidate to release Irene, but he will make do. But he will need to time it perfectly.
“Yeah, I saw you in the passenger seat of your lovely car over there.” He must’ve pointed at the car with Mary’s companion across the street. Her shoulders relaxed a trifle. “Not the best of spies, eh? Amateurs, I’ve met better scammers than your club buddies.”
Sherlock and John’s eyes met, confused for a moment before they burst out laughing. That was a sight to behold for sure.
And ‘party’ they did. The girls took up exploring the second floor which led to balconies overseeing the theatre just behind the entrance hall that served for greeting guests. The third and fourth floor were all locked and off-limits, and neither John nor Sherlock felt like kicking out anything else today. The theatre itself was a vast and giant room with seats for about five hundred people. Somewhat, the stage was lit up by reflectors -- an automatic response to the generator being run? Black cables littered the stage, like snakes in a jungle. The guys poured in, trying out the satin seats.
“Yeah, been one for years. I get to travel around but not all people are lovely like Mrs Hudson.” Being met with a blank stare, he explained, “My landlady. I rent an apartment that she owns, she’s a nice older woman I’ve known since I was a kid. She takes care of her neighbours, and she always bakes sweet things like those we had just now. Sorry, went off tangent there. She just reminds me of home, and it’s something that keeps me grounded on the roads.”
Greg audibly let out a sigh. "Thank goodness, I was starting to get worried it may be worse than we thought."
. What is so complicated about buying groceries? You go in, find what you need, throw it in the cart, cash it, done. Happy ending. Fin. You go home.
“Oh, please,” Irene said, putting the bag of chips aside, cleaning her fingers on the sofa behind. “You’re itching to tell me how you know. How it is
. Or not, if you like heavy angst or you’re in for their platonic friendship or you like polyamorous ships. Your fandom experience is also dependent on whether your ship is canon or not.”
Okay, but anyway. Promoting of my second fic will start in twelve days, I may tag you if you wanna see the progress and snippets of best/funniest dialogues my betas and friends selected!
Irene pursed her lips but gave Kate a firm nod. She cast the mystery journal a longing look (all the more intriguing as she turned her back to it, its contents unknown) and followed Kate’s lead. What was written in it? Was it authored by the same person? The knowledge had to wait.
“You bet! Two pining idiots finally admitted how they feel and started dating. It’s like an Ao3 tag prompt that has fulfilled the prophecy. I meant what I said earlier -- I
“Perfect,” Magnussen smiled, leaning back in his chair. “I was surprised she didn’t take to sniffing out the Mystery Shack’s deed fervently the moment I gave her the task. She should take every opportunity to snatch her Golden Boy and yet she wastes her time and dares to complain about it later. Inconsolable brat, but invaluable.”
“Anyone’s right for the course,” she said, expression unreadable but firm. There was something aloof and yet guarded about her. She fished her phone out and asked for Sherlock’s name to put in her calendar, frowning upon hearing it, fingers hovering above the screen briefly before entering the information into a pixelated box with rapid efficiency. Sherlock was used to a variety of reactions to his unusual name, this being the mildest.
Finally feeling clean and at least marginally cooler, Sherlock turned the taps off and stepped out of the shower.  He toweled his body dry with the first towel, and used the second to soak as much of the water out of his hair, before abandoning both towels in a heap on the floor.  The next few minutes were spent applying Moroccanoil treatment to his still-damp curls, brushing his teeth, and medicating the still-sore blisters on his feet.  Evening ablutions complete, Sherlock padded into the bedroom, still nude, and threw himself across the inferior mattress, willing his mind to quiescence.
Glaring, Sherlock did so, before slumping back against his seat and resting the index fingers of his prayer-folded hands against his lower lip.  John would pay for that dig.  Back pockets were notoriously insecure.  John's jeans were gratifyingly fitted, but they weren't so snug when he was standing upright, which meant there was sufficient space for Sherlock to slip his hand down and pick-pocket his belongings back...assuming John actually got out of the truck when he returned Sherlock to the Triple C.  If not, well, he'd be fully justified in acquiring something small of John's in exchange for his impounded property.  The fact that he perhaps had a secondary ulterior motive was completely irrelevant.
"Your deodorant.  It's decidedly masculine.  An interesting choice of scent for a woman, I must say."
"Eat one of those flapjack bars you carry in your rucksack, then, if you're so hungry.  Your low blood sugar is no doubt contributing to your irritability," Sherlock retorted as he looked up from his reflection.  He could see the faint shadow of John's form on the other side of the curtain and could easily read the frustration and impatience in the scuff and thump of John's boots as the other man shifted his stance.  It would be easier to give in, but Sherlock simply wasn't ready to push the curtain aside yet and concede defeat.  There had to be at least
"Mmm…" Sherlock replied, making a mental note to investigate the vet a little more thoroughly.  "What happened next?"
John looked sad.  "Sometimes you can save the animal...sometimes you just remember your veterinary oath to minimize suffering."
"Quit trying to distract me, young man," Mrs. Hudson snapped, easily shoving past him and into the kitchen.  She froze, taking in the sight that greeted her.  Sherlock had driven multiple hooks into the ceiling and cabinets, creating a crisscrossing mess of wires and clothesline over the stove.  On the burner an oversized and vaguely familiar looking pot was bubbling merrily.  It was evidently the source of the smell if the clouds of rank steam were any indication.  Suspended from the mess by several large clamps was a pair of size 11 cowboy boots.
A small island and several wooden stools loosely divided the space between the kitchenette and the cabin's main room.  Sparing a wistful thought for his comfortable chair and couch back at Baker Street, Sherlock set his laptop on the tiled surface and opened it.  While the computer booted up, Sherlock rolled up his sleeves and reached into his computer bag to pull out one of his boxes of nicotine patches.  He slapped one on and after a moment of silent deliberation added a second.  By his reckoning, he had roughly forty-five minutes before he would be expected at dinner, and he fully intended to use that time researching the names that Ms. Ross and Molly had given him against the files Mycroft had supplied.
Sherlock thought, his eyes widening as several disparate pieces of information suddenly clicked into place similar to a rearrangement reaction in organic chemistry.
"Be still, you," John ordered, a hint of the army captain appearing in his voice.  "I'm enjoying this."
Candii's face was set in a frown and she spent a few moments drumming her fingers on her desk before answering.  "The best I can say is it's a gut feelin'."
Smirking, Sherlock stepped forward.  He only needed to make two points and he would win, and none of the shots would be particularly difficult.  He bent over the table and lined his pool cue up with his chosen target.  But before he could do anything more, his attention was arrested by a sudden gust of hot breath against his ear.
"I see," Sherlock muttered, squeezing his eyes shut for moment as he pinched the bridge of his nose between a thumb and forefinger in a vain effort to quell the throbbing in his skull in a desperate attempt to get his to get his brain to move at a speed faster than that of cold treacle in January.  He felt off-balance and dizzy, the demands of his transport clamoring for his attention.
John’s eyes were so wide and unblinking that they’d started watering, and he wiped them on his shoulders as his hands started shaking. “I… f-feels like I d-don’t… like I can’t…”
John hugged Fawnlock back and muttered the comforts near his ear, his head positioned just so his face was protected from the sharp ends that he could see had scratched his window.
Fawnlock gave him an odd look, but let the flowers be. Then he slipped his hand into John’s and started leading him back to his camp. John hoped he wasn’t holding on too tightly.
John held the bag upside down to show it. He wasn’t sure why he was talking. Clearly it had no idea what he was saying.
“Yeah, the compartment, and there was a coach.” John trailed off, face scrunching up again. He cried a bit more. “It came in s-sideways. To her…” He sobbed and rubbed his eyes hard. “To her side. And I never saw her again.”
“Can I speak to DI Lestrade, please?” John said quietly, hiding against a pillar in the food hall. No doubt the nurses would have a fit if they found him walking around on his almost-fractured ankle. “It’s John. John Watson.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and huffed, flopping back onto the sofa. He could still hear John sniggering quietly as he closed his eyes and gathered his thoughts – again. Eventually he began his shuffling, letting go of John’s hands. He crossed his legs beneath him and turned to face John fully, pushing his companion’s legs until one was sat underneath him (John, after many shouts and protestations, told Sherlock he couldn’t actually cross his legs anymore because he wasn’t, in fact, five years old) and they were facing each other on the sofa. Just as they had been before, except this time they had less opportunities to turn away. Again, very slowly, Sherlock took John’s hands and pulled them in close, stroking the backs of his hands with his thumbs. Then he leaned forward, eyes closed, and kissed him. Only once and only very slowly, he kissed him.
work. He wasn’t made for bloody fishing and berry-picking; he’d only taken up fishing to please his dad, thank you very much.
“Look,” he continued, pulling away slightly. “I know both of you think I’ve done something awful and made a huge mistake, but I knew what I was doing and I’m glad I did it, so… just don’t, please.”
“Yes, this again,” John said firmly, hitting Sherlock’s hand, still clasped in his, down onto the mattress.
She nodded, returning his smile, and let him go. He kept his eyes on the floors all day, scouring them for spare pennies and pounds. He didn’t bring money to school, but he could at least buy a chocolate bar if he found fifty pence.
The three of them were hammered and he soon realised he didn’t have to walk half as inconspicuously as he’d been trying to. John looked genuinely terrified when Sherlock peered over the smallest one’s shoulder, inches away and yet unnoticed; all of their attention was on their little geeky victim. Sherlock thought briefly that he regretted not having glasses on him. John looked quite cute.
Another word for the service that would have described it rather well would have been ‘excruciating’. It was agony having to watch every flicker of pain across John’s face at each word he could relate to and not be able to do anything about it. He was glad to have the programme right then. After this final paragraph would come the silence, and they could all retreat and cool off.
“Oh.” Sebastian stepped up and reached down past John to unlock the door. “I see. No, it’s a private one. My,” he paused, trying to think of the word. “My friend. He likes bowling, that’s why I chose this place.”
She gave him a tight smile and walked out. John glanced back at Sherlock, who was still staring at him intently.
John nodded, not really fully understanding what any of it meant but in the habit of agreeing with things anyway.
“I don’t,” Sherlock insisted, shaking his head. “Really, John, I don’t. I’ve been waiting for this, remember?”
He’d have hung up, then, John thought. His dad was awfully single-minded when he had a goal to pursue, and it made him rude. He wouldn’t have awaited a reply.
The journey home was different from the journey there, but only marginally. In fact, John frequently convinced himself that they were the same, and then he remembered the realisation he’d had. He remembered the way Fawnlock had dressed up for him, and how he’d looked at John like his opinion was the most important thing, and how gently his hand had been held so that Fawnlock was no longer leading but walking beside him.
“Do you recognise any of the men in these pictures?” The detective brought out six more pictures, all of the same man, and spread them in front of John.
“Sorry,” he said softly, kissing his shoulder. There was silence for a few seconds. “Condom,” he reminded him gently.
Harry’s fists clenched and unclenched. “Look. You’re smarter than I am. You always have been. Even if you’re not great at everything, you’re competent, and you’ve always been reasonably successful if you’ve put your mind to something. Rugby, clarinet, science, history: you’re
Sherlock thought. “Alright,” he said, “perhaps this article doesn’t apply to you, but it might apply to other people. You’re always telling me to read up on emotions and learn to manage other people, and, well, this is me reading up.”
Sherlock sighed. He stopped trying. The serious conversation seemed to have sobered John’s consciousness from his concussion, for which he was mostly thankful. Talking to a John with the mental capacity of a six-year-old had felt like repeatedly slamming his head against a brick wall.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. “You’ve never started screaming in the middle of the night on a hospital ward before.”
He shone the light around a few times, but it didn’t seem to be awake and if it was it hadn’t noticed.
John tried not to let his path differ from his usual walking route, but his leg wasn’t tired at all by the time he’d reached his halfway point, so he decided to enjoy himself and go a little further out. He decided to ignore the thought that reminded him that this was the most adventurous thing he’d done in weeks. In retaliation, he thought perhaps he’d stand a chance of seeing his guest again.
Resigned, he tipped his head back and closed his eyes. Try as he might, though, sleep wouldn’t come. In the end he stopped trying and spent the hour thinking about Fawnlock instead.
John sighed and sat back. So this thing couldn’t talk. It had the same mouth, but probably some different vocal cords. That neck did seem too slender for a human. He let his eyes slide closed and tried his best not to feel too lonely or insane.
“Right,” Harry replied. She obviously didn’t care. She’d noticed quickly, too, that they were going to be arguing in circles for hours if she didn’t stop it soon – John could be far too stubborn for her patience. “So. Have you opened up a little mattress-testing franchise of your own?” she asked instead, giving him a look before she glanced at Sherlock.
"Dunno. He got a doctor to come here. Didn't look like a doctor to me, but... Mm, what do I know, huh? So he gets this doctor home with him one day and they're both a bit drunk and they..." He put his hands in the air and made a motion like pulling two magnets apart. "Plop. Done. Gone back in."
John had actually planned on saying something – probably in question to who had wanted the alley and why Moran’s had bought it for a ‘friend’ – but his voice caught in his throat as soon as he stepped through the door and looked around.
Fawnlock obediently followed John to the sofa. He tried to stay sat at John’s feet, but John was having none of it, and pulled Fawnlock up onto the seat with him. John flicked through the channels until he found one that worked. Luckily it was a not-too-bad crime drama series, and he hardly noticed that as time wore on, Fawnlock slid more and more into John’s body until his head was resting against John’s shoulder, his antlers carefully positioned over his chest and by his head and John’s hand keeping up the delicate combing.
“Can I have a blanket, please?” John asked, forcing his voice steady. He heard chair legs scrape the floor. Footsteps, keys, a lock, some faint rustling, a latch. The officer appeared with a worn blanket that John guessed might have been blue once upon a time. He accepted it from between the bars and tried to get comfortable again, but he stood no chance of falling asleep after all the disruptions.
“And then you waited for them to cosy up, and you brought them to me, because you knew exactly what I’d do.”
Harry watched the pair of them carefully, finally beginning to realise what was going on. John looked genuinely confused, and absolutely certain that she was just being her usual overbearing self. Sherlock, however, was staring at her in a much more panicked way. His eyes were wide, his hand gripping John’s tightly, and he seemed to be pleading with her.
It took him half an hour to address the injury, mainly because he kept getting caught up with trying to untangle the beast that was this creature’s hair as he tried to reach the bloody patch. He had managed to find it in the end, and he was glad he had, because that gash needed a good cleaning up and some stitches. John suspected he’d hit a rock, and was incredibly glad that he’d managed to find him. It would probably have infected in a matter of hours.
before he realised what a ridiculous notion that was. He could have left his front door open and gone away for a month and the worst he’d get was chilly bed sheets. It did, however, take a while for him to remember he had company, and while he figured it out he sat and listened.
“I don’t get crushes, John, don’t be ridiculous.” He almost spat the words. Then he paused. “A crush on whom?”
held far too close to his face. John was due downstairs any minute (he’d made sure of that with the volume at which he’d made his tea) and he really wanted to know how this lady had managed to figure out that she had a secret twin when she didn’t know about the noses in those photographs. John laughed at him for reading women’s gossip magazines but they really did give a fantastically detailed insight into how the minds of normal people ticked. He found it helped him to know how much to expect from John, because, from his experience, John was rather like a gossiping woman in his deductive skills – not that he’d ever tell him that.
To damn Mr Hart, who was the reason his door was locked all through Friday night until Saturday morning.
“No,” John croaked. He rubbed his eyes. “I remember we were texting. And there was… you were with me, I was… must have been the ambulance. That’s it.”
John bit his lips to hold back his grin as the waiter reappeared and took their menus with a tiny apology.
“Thank you,” he mumbled as he accepted the drink. It was cold against his fingertips, and not at all a pleasant cool when combined with the chill of the concrete slab that was his bed, but it soothed his throat somewhat.
Sherlock scoffed. He reached over with his free hand and pushed the mask back over John’s mouth. His reply was automatic. “You’re not dying. You’re just bruised all over and have one lung temporarily out-of-order, that’s all.”
As soon as the waiter came over, he stuck out his hand for a strong, excitable shake. “You’re John Watson, aren’t you?”
John nodded. “Mm. He was a friend of mine back in the day. A really good friend. He got shot in the stomach during a raid one day and… You know what, forget it.” He put the photo down with a fake smile, pouring some water into their mugs. “It’s not a nice story.”
John’s father was being kept in custody at Lestrade’s station until further notice, apparently. John rubbed his eyes, then, sniffing again.
at the time, but now he was. He was very adept at spotting them now, even retrospectively, and the first had been over the summer. It had been July, if he remembered correctly. 15
The wolf-man growled again, and when John jumped and turned he was glaring at Sebastian. John took a deep breath as he saw Sebastian’s face harden when he looked back at him.
“Because you need it,” Sherlock insisted, and he reached into his black backpack and set a pack of custard creams on his bedside table.
John, heaving a great sigh, tuned Sherlock’s incessant page-flicking out and focused on the news. It probably wasn’t the best idea he’d ever had, really, watching the news on Remembrance Day when he’d already been quite miserable enough for one day, but it was better than the rest of the daytime crap that was on. Besides, it brought his attention back to the real matters at hand, what the day was supposed to be about.
“They look beautiful now,” John replied quietly, tearing his eyes from the walls and meeting Sherlock’s. He swallowed hard at the utter feeling in his face. This wasn’t Sherlock Holmes. It wasn’t the one he knew. Not yet.
A low, purring growl rumbled through their company’s barely-fuzzed chest, and John jumped. He swallowed, tearing his eyes from the clawed fingers and clenching his own into fists to stop them from shaking. His jaw tightened as he turned to Moran again, gaze still locked instinctively on the wolf-man, who couldn’t seem to stop staring at him like he was making some cracking prey.
Sure enough, it shoved everything in the bag and went for the door. Once it got outside John heard the fast – if light – thud of a man sprinting away from his cottage. He heard a mug smash on the ground outside. That was when the loneliness finally set in for the first time since he’d come back to England, because suddenly he only had a shocking mess in his cottage to remind him he’d ever had anyone at all.
“No,” Moran said. Somehow, the gentle syllable still held enough of a threat that John cut himself off, the faded smile slipping from his face. There were a few more seconds of silence.
“Ready?” he asked. John nodded and took his menu back as the waiter from earlier came over with a bottle of red wine. “We’ll have one tagliatelle carbonara and a ravioli, please.”
Either way, John stared. Was this normal procedure? God, no, of course it wasn’t. He’d seen the faces of the people in that room.
John nodded. He looked up at Sherlock, but he was staring back intently. No such promise came from his lips.
“He started off on this huge rant about how I had to stop wasting my time on school, and then changed his mind and said that
The next twenty minutes were spent watching Fawnlock loop and connect various types of flowers and plants into pretty little garlands. Once he’d made half a dozen, each in complimenting green, white, and purple shades, Fawnlock carefully lifted each from the pile individually and draped them over his antlers. Then he stood up and turned around, finally meeting John’s eye.
John’s breathing, as if it wasn’t already suffering enough, sped up even more. “I want to go to sleep.”
“H-he’s in shock,” Sherlock said, his voice barely a whisper. Nobody heard him. He tried to push through. “Please, don’t, he’s scared. He’s scared.”
He’d pushed at the waist and shoulder, careful not to put too much pressure on both points, and what had turned over was a person. Or, at least, something with human arms. He pulled his hands away in surprise and took a moment to evaluate. He tried to see any more markings, but it was so caked with mud he couldn’t see anything except light and dark, and who could tell what was just mud? He decided to move on, shining a torch down his waist. Again, there were issues with the mud, so he continued, right down to humanoid legs and definite human feet.
John smiled tightly. Of course she’d assume that was how it had happened. Still, though, he hated it when people spoke about his dad like that, and Harry always seemed to be the first person in line. Despite everything, his dad remained the reason he was still alive.
“Who the fuck are you?” John asked firmly. His hands clenched unconsciously into fists, and Sebastian noticed that, too, with a faintly amused glimmer in his eyes.
“What?” John said. His reaction was immediate; he sounded breathless again. “Can I come? Am I coming back to school?”
Sherlock stared at John, his mouth open. He let him cry for a few minutes, handing him another tissue. “John,” he said eventually. “That’s not your fault.”
"You're a terrible liar. Your hands don't have a single scuff on them. Try again." Sherlock watched him expectantly.
There wasn’t much noise; practically silence. Every so often would be a faint thud of contact, varying in pitch so much that at one point he genuinely had no idea what on Earth was being put where. There were a few long minutes of listening and thinking and resisting the urge to march out and stop it breaking his things before he took a deep breath and got out of bed.
at it, John, and you’re a good person about it. You’re not like me, I just study for the test. You actually
“A sandwich will be fine, thanks. Whatever you’re having. I’m not fussy.” Sherlock collected his magazine from where it had been chucked onto the floor earlier that day and then settled back on the sofa, sitting up this time.
The paramedic put a pulse oximeter on John’s index finger and then sat down. John closed his eyes with a sigh as the doors slammed.
John blinked hard and averted his gaze, but Sebastian had clearly noticed he was staring. Luckily, he didn’t seem willing to comment just yet.
“Wait,” he demanded, grabbing hold of the railing and pulling it back, “I need to go with him. I’m his boyfriend. He needs me, he won’t keep still without me.”
“John?” Sherlock said clearly, and Harry blinked herself back to reality. Sherlock seemed to have every idea of what was happening, and he hit the call button for the nurses and pushed John onto his back, tilting his head up to clear his airways. “Get out of here, Harry.”
John smiled again. He let his eyes roam the strange little markings over the creature, taking in the little sun-like shapes over his shoulders and the bands down his forearms. He was beautiful. He swallowed hard and held out his hand, edging it towards the faun’s shoulder. It watched his hand the whole time and flinched at the contact, but didn’t make any moves to stop him.
He squeezed John’s hands. “Because I need you to know that you’re a human being who has been treated horribly by another human being, and that there’s no justification for it, and that it wasn’t your fault, and that nobody is ever going to treat you like that again. You’re my best friend, John. My only friend, really. And I’m not going to let you treat yourself like shit just because you believe that’s the way life is supposed to be for you.”
As it turned out, it was very easy to make John look utterly defenceless. All Sherlock did was unzip his jacket and straighten him up a bit.
It wasn’t exactly a cave, but it sort of looked like one. There was a big hole in the side of what seemed to be a small cliff face, which Fawnlock had fit a little bed of vines and leaves and even what looked to be scraps of his own fur from the collar around his neck. It was clumped, and John managed to put two and two together and think that the faun moulted. A lot.
Sherlock very nearly blurted all of that out. He felt his mouth open, his tongue start moving, and bit down on it. Sometimes people told him he had no idea about human emotions, but he knew for a fact he knew about the human thought process, and John wouldn’t want any of those reminders today. Mouth shut.
John smiled an incredibly plastic smile as he cleared his throat. “I went the year before last,” he lied smoothly, looking down at his feet. “I think last year we had a case. You didn’t know what day it was for about four days. The year before that I went, though.”
“They need doctors in the army! Do what you want, John, if it’ll make you any less of a baby about it. Grow up!”
“It’s a damn accurate one, though,” Sherlock replied. John couldn’t deny that. “Alright. Don’t touch anything. You can drop your arms if you like. Go… that way.” He turned around and pointed down the road, back in the direction they’d come.
“I’ve proven to you already the things I can do. I could ruin your life in the blink of an eye at any time I choose, and, even better, you don’t even have to be in the city for me to do it. All you’ve got to do is cooperate.” He took another drag of his cigarette. John continued to frown at him – evidently, he’d begun to understand. “And if you don’t – well, that’s what Jim’s for. Did you know that a lone wolf is capable of bringing down a bison?”
John paused. “No,” he decided, wiping his eyes. “I just… I wanted to say, you could plead guilty. I mean, they… they sometimes, you know, reduce the sentences. If you plead guilty. You wanna do that?”
“Yeah,” John groaned, the words muffled behind the mask, “you’re right, I don’t know what I was complaining about.”
The condom slipped all around in Sherlock’s hands. He had to open it with his teeth in the end and even then the thing would hardly go on right. John sat there and laughed at him and, eventually, he had to turn away and do it while John’s little giggles weren’t discouraging his shy erection. After what felt like an eternity he settled over John again, one hand still down between them to help line his cock up with John’s arse.
Sherlock shook his head and wrapped his arms around John’s body, pulling him closer on the floor and hugging him. He didn’t say a word, not yet, just stayed curled around John, hugging his head to his chest.
John didn’t have his keys. He remembered as soon as he got out of the cab and started walking, but there was nothing for it. He paid the driver and took off running, unable to get the churning in his stomach to abate. Fawnlock was in danger, he knew it.
“That was before you started having breathing problems,” he reasoned. “It’s possible that swelling has gone down and things have shifted, or that yelling dislodged something. That’s why why they need more x-rays.” Sherlock pressed another kiss to John’s forehead. This whole pretend-boyfriends thing was working out well for him so far. “Shall I go and find Harry, or do you want me to come with you?”
"Go to Miss Hart and say 'I'm having a bad time at home and I need help'." Sherlock nodded towards the front of the room, where their tutor was writing in a folder. "Between your face and your words, it's not a hard connection."
“How you ran off and made me run off with you.” John smiled fondly down at the sheet. “Just mains, then. I might get a carbonara.”
Glasses and mugs had been systematically lined up in order of height and colour all across the work surfaces, and plates had been laid out similarly on the little table he ate at. The cutlery had been spread out on the floor in lines, along with all of his vegetables (most of which had a few bites taken out of them and some he could have sworn he’d had more of) and various packets of biscuits. Two of the packets had been opened, but, assuming it had realised there were the same sorts of things in each pack, he’d left the others sealed and put them down to look at them in line with everything else. All of his cupboards had been left open with their few remains on display at the front.
He gave John a moment to adjust to the feeling of another cock laying over his. Only a moment, though, before he snuck his hand between them and wrapped it around John’s, stroking gently.
“What if I don’t want to press charges?” he asked eventually, looking between the officers. “I don’t want him to go to prison, just… cancel everything.”
Warm hands slid around Sherlock’s waist, and his grip on John’s wrists loosened to allow it. He stroked up John’s arms, experimenting, as the kiss deepened. John’s lips began to part, and the very tip of his tongue skimmed lightly across Sherlock’s bottom lip. There was no pressure there at all, none for him to open his mouth, too, but he did. He’d only ever done this two, maybe three times before but it felt like John was an expert, and he knew he was a fast learner.
“Jesus,” he grunted to himself. He hadn’t realised how unpleasant handcuffs were until he’d been stuck in them all the time. He rubbed the purple bruising around his wrists, trying to get some feeling back into them while Sebastian was talking.
John thought nothing of it as Sherlock bent his head and kissed his forehead. A thumb wiped something wet from his bottom lip. “Where’d Harry go?” he groaned, and then coughed gently against another crackle in his chest. “Did I scare her? Didn’t mean to scare her. I got angry. Tell her I’m sorry, please.”
That was how John, at half past eleven on a Sunday night, found himself holding hands with Sherlock Holmes in the back of a cab – for the second time in one evening. His appetite for food had slowly died down the more time they’d spent at the restaurant, but his appetite for a kiss went unfulfilled. By the time he paid for the cab, seeing as Sherlock had paid for the rest, he was starving. The air was thick and heavy with the unresolved tension between them. Their hands were clasped together but neither could look at the other, so determined to keep their growing attraction quiet.
John walked all the way down to the closest main road and sat under the little shelter that was the bus stop. He muttered a curse under his breath at the realisation that he’d left his book back at home. With a deep sigh, he slumped down on the bench and crossed his ankles, fingers entwined over his belly.
John sighed again, and laid back in the bed, turning over. He rolled onto his side so that his back was to the both of them. At least this way he could cry in semi-privacy.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what John was asking him to do. He let him go and gave him some space, all the while keeping his hand on his head and stroking his hair. “You’re okay, John,” he said firmly. Lestrade had come to sit with him and keep an eye on the proceedings. “It’s me, Sherlock. You’re with me. Take deep breaths.”
John only snorted in response, swinging their hands together in time with their steps. They fell into another companionable silence, keeping each other warm, broken only by a realisation on John’s part. “Harry,” he said, looking up at Sherlock.
“I can’t,” John wheezed, and he hung his head and started trying to tear his shirt away from his neck. “No, I can’t, I can’t breathe!”
Fawnlock didn’t know that word, but he knew that tone of voice. He beamed down at John and wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him into a tight hug. John was on the verge of choking but he hardly noticed. He’d never seen Fawnlock this pleased before, and he returned the hug with what he hoped was just as much affection as he was receiving.
“Yeah,” he said vaguely, and quickly steered them onto a different subject. “Uh, look, are they letting you home?”
John tried rolling him over onto his side, his back facing him. He took the opportunity to run a hand down his spine, which also felt fine, much to his relief. Next was inspecting the back of his head. As soon as his hand made contact with the matted hair, he knew there was blood. It was too warm, the wetness there was too thick between his fingers. He sighed and checked the pulse again; still alive. Good.
“John wouldn’t have let you, and he’d have been annoyed at you for trying. This way, the police have their evidence and John has the appropriate situation to bring some sense about.” Mycroft kissed his head softly.
When John looked up at him with that big, goofy grin, not a word on his lips, Sherlock followed through on his promise – after unhooking the oxygen mask from around John’s head, despite his wispy breathing. He bent down again and brushed his lips over John’s once more, a lot more cautiously this time. After all, unlike John, it was only his second kiss ever.
Sherlock snorted at that. In his mind, having been in a worse situation was no reason to be in a bad one again. He wasn’t, however, willing to press the issue, and so gave John a withering look and turned to watch the dark and dreary landscape.
He tore his gaze from Sherlock’s lips. “Um. I know you’ve answered this already, but I just want to make sure. Can I stay with you for a bit?”
John rolled his eyes and frowned at her. “I’ll be fine. Besides, Sherlock’s coming with me, which means so’s Mycroft, which means so’s the whole British Army, probably. I think I’ll be okay.”
“Are you in any bad pain?” he asked, and John closed his eyes and shook his head. “Okay. Just call me if you are, or if you run out of bowls. I’ll ask someone to offer breakfast around in about half an hour.”
His father sighed. “Look, John.” His voice had gotten menacingly quiet. “You man up. You do what you want with your life. You get married, have kids, and treat ‘em better than you think I’ve treated you, but for the love of Christ, John,
Sherlock moaned again at the breathless cries in his ear and responded in kind. It was a stream of nonsensical curses and noises but, somehow, he had no control over them. He couldn’t stop them.
John opened one eye and rolled over, flailing around in the darkness for his phone. Then he rolled his eyes.
It was almost calming to be able to think of normal things like bruises, actually. The last week or so of his life had been a whirlwind of events that he was still mostly convinced he’d hallucinated, especially considering his newfound insanity. For God’s sake, he’d managed to forget that he’d bloody
The bell rang. He didn't see Sherlock for the rest of the day, and the next morning he was back in his own seat at the other end of his row. The crisps transformed into sandwiches, and he was okay for a few weeks.
John was relieved when Sherlock pulled his trouser legs back down. His ankles had been getting cold. “Yes, a whole street away and watching me get stabbed. Thanks, I feel much better.”
John awoke with a start and batted instinctively at his face, where he’d felt some sort of bug hit him. Once he’d blinked everything into focus, he was greeted with the sight of a ball of scrunched up paper settled innocently on the seat next to him and a kidnapper sniggering in a decidedly not-innocent way in the front seat. The car had come to a stop.
“It’s more the fact that an entire courtroom of people just fled so a stranger in a suit could come in and help me escape a murder charge,” John replied, eyes flitting over the suit again. He had to admit, it was a nice suit.
Sherlock lifted his hand from his pocket and pulled at John’s sleeve. John jumped, sniffed, but his hands weren’t gripped too tightly and the one Sherlock wanted fell away with the little tug. Sherlock slipped his hand around John’s cold one and held on tightly, eyes set dead ahead. He hoped his panic wasn’t too visible as John looked at him for a few seconds, clearly in shock. For a brief moment Sherlock was afraid he was going to snatch his hand away and step back, but then he swallowed, gave Sherlock’s hand a grateful squeeze, and lowered his head again.
“Get up, please, Dr. Watson,” the taller one said. John followed the simple instruction, if reluctantly, and soon found himself restrained and being led away again. His wrists were going to bruise badly from all of these bloody brutally tight handcuffs.
“Of course. Though, I should warn you, Mycroft may be relocating me to somewhere intensely posh like Charing Cross.” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
John’s head snapped around, hearing his name as soon as he walked in – and it hadn’t come from Sherlock’s mouth. “Did you hear that?”
Sometime the next morning, a plastic tray of food was deposited through John’s door. Once he got up the will to see what was on it, he mostly wished he hadn’t. There was a tiny plastic fork lying in a groove down the centre. In four quarter-shaped sections sat a dry piece of toast, two barely fried eggs, a small dollop of baked beans, and a rasher of bacon that took a little too long to recognise. He ate the more cooked parts of the eggs and got the toast down with some help from the beans, but only because he hadn’t gotten to finish his dinner the evening before. He’d been starving.
“John,” Sherlock said, taking his chin between his fingers and turning it to face him. “Look at me and take some deep breaths. You’ll be okay. It’s all going to be okay.”
Then he glanced to the left at the few odds and ends on the mantelpiece, trying to notice something he didn’t already know would be there. A dusty photo of someone he didn’t recognise, a piece of evidence in the form of a locket that he’d kept hidden from the police for a favour, and a pink headband. Where did these things come from? He looked across to the right, noticing another photo of someone he didn’t recognise. This time the person was in uniform.
“We’ll have it cleared,” Sherlock said firmly, stepping forwards. The man looked like he was about to piss himself with excitement.
In his head the crack of splintering wood and the thud of something that wasn’t quite a tree echoed again. Jesus, what was wrong with him? It wasn’t going to be a person, not out here. It was an animal. Of course it was a bloody animal. He sighed again and turned around to go inside, but changed his mind as he was shutting the door behind him. He wiped his feet and ran through to the kitchen, plucking a large torch from a basket of them under the sink and heading back out.
Henry isn’t going to come back to his old self. Whatever trauma he’s been through, he’s not going to return to his old self. He’s not going to remember his father, or Dimmock, or
he agreed on a compromise. Castle gets built first, then they dig underneath to construct the dungeon. Redbeard served as their moral support throughout, and Grace joined them shortly thereafter.
“I don’t know! I panicked!” Sherlock gritted through his teeth, as if the plain idea of confessing this made him sick. None of the anger was directed at John, though. “It happened when I went to deposit the money to the gift shop. I crossed the museum, and it sort of… called to me. So, I did the logical thing and uncovered it, checked my hair, and it started talking to me.”
“That’s alright, but good for you. I’m glad you find the sport alluring. But make sure to stop by if you can, these competitions can be
“Aw, you think you had a chance?” Janine tutted as though she were talking to a child. Irene let her hand fall besides her body. “Please. These people don’t have standards for a party, that’s why they would like your circus performance. You don’t even have the proper personality of a singer or dancer. You just…
Unpacking complete, Sherlock retrieved his laptop and power cord from his computer bag and returned to the front room.
"No, you're just a trespassing, law-breaking smart-ass who asked me a question I'm trying to answer," Lestrade retorted, without missing a beat.  "During training, the horses get exposed to anything we can think of: inflated toys, flying tennis balls, screaming children and barking dogs, flashing lights, sirens…smoke bombs, fireworks and flares and tarps."
"Oh, a couple different states," John answered vaguely.  "Oklahoma, Ohio, Virginia…we moved a lot, so I can't really say I'm from any one place."  He led them through the car park before stopping in front of a battered black Humvee parked near the chain-link fence at the back.  "This is mine," John said unnecessarily.
"Jumentous?" John asked curiously as he raised the cup to his lips.  "Is that some sort of fancy wine connoisseur term you learned for oak-aged or acetic?"
Molly had nodded.  "I do, actually.  I ran into Doctor Watson doing a checkup on Captain Lestrade's police horse, Scotty.  He was the one who actually suggested that I check for Joe in the Bill Cody building."
"It's possible," Sherlock admitted, mercilessly suppressing the faint pang he felt.  Illogical, really.  John Watson was a suspect, guilty until proven innocent.  His gregarious, easy-going nature made it easy to overlook the sharp intelligence in his gaze.  There was no need to succumb to sentiment, even if John's laughing blue eyes, competence and obvious appreciation for Sherlock's own intelligence made his company a pleasure, rather than a burden.  "I was present when Doctor Watson was consulting with Sterndale about some abnormally aggressive cattle he'd been treating.  Like Sterndale, Doctor Watson's knowledgeable about plants that cause adverse reactions in various forms of livestock and their symptoms—particularly those that produce aggression in horses," Sherlock added as an afterthought.  "He mentioned several specific plants, including wooly locoweed, by name.  There's also the way that he has gone out of his way to manufacture excuses to spend time in my proximity."
Before Sherlock had time to do much more than squeak in surprise, John hooked his hands under Sherlock's arse, stood up, turned around, took two steps backwards and resumed his seat in the comfortable armchair that Sherlock had so recently vacated.
"I've been hired to rehabilitate a dangerous horse, and I was looking for evidence that might explain his behavior," Sherlock said coolly, dropping his Montana accent and letting his voice return to its normal timbre.  "I was looking for traces of Locoweed or Water Hemlock that might have gotten mixed into his feed."  He deliberately used the common names, rather than the more accurate Latin
"Are you an accomplished cook?" Sherlock asked with interest, determined to move the topic away from John's previous relationships.
"Considering how good you claim to be, did you happen to make a lot of money winning?" Sherlock asked when the laughter had faded away.  The question immediately garnered a reproachful look from John, forcing Sherlock to revise his tactics.  Apparently, the topic of money was a sore one, which he should have anticipated, considering his knowledge of John Watson's financial state.  "Sorry, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable, I meant just in general," Sherlock explained, adopting a wry expression as he waved one hand vaguely in the air.  John didn't look convinced.  "It's just...I've had to listen to a bellyful of bragging from Ms. Ross about how valuable her bucking stallions are to stock contractors and how lucrative they are for winning riders," Sherlock continued.  "I've also heard plenty of gossip from the Triple C's staff about my predecessor, Joe Straker, and his uncanny luck for picking sleeper bulls with high payouts.  I have no frame of reference and I'm inclined to dismiss it as bragging...unless it really does pay that much more?"
"Eager to get started, then?"  Candii gave him a wide smile.  "I like to see that in a prospective employee."
Sherlock blinked, an idea taking root as his brain finally finished coming back online.  Detective Donovan's suspicions about the state of John Watson's finances, while based more on circumstantial, rather than direct evidence, were nevertheless logical enough to investigate.  He could wait on the police with their warrants and court orders, but doing it himself would be faster.  The vet was clearly interested in him personally.  Feigning reciprocal interest would be the fastest way to gain John's trust and access to his personal information.  The question was how to play it…swaggering and confident or shy and virginal?
Not that he would be opposed.  John was very attractive, Sherlock thought drowsily, enjoying the way Bonnie’s comforting weight pressed against his leg.  John was fortunate enough to possess at least one copy of the MCR-1 gene, which meant that he naturally tanned instead of burning.  Prolonged exposure to the sun’s rays only deepened the attractive shade of bronze, as opposed to the painful (and unsightly) shade of lobster red that Sherlock and Mycroft were prone to, (though Mycroft would no doubt deny it, Sherlock was convinced that his brother’s habit of carrying an umbrella for sun protection instead of a more practical parasol or wearing a hat was because it would seem foppish otherwise).  Sherlock sighed.  It was a pity he hadn’t managed to get John’s shirt off the other night in pickup truck.  He could easily extrapolate John’s physique from musculature of his chest, but since he hadn’t actually seen the man unclothed, there was no way of knowing if John was a lovely shade of bronze all over, or if John’s bum was a different colour, like those belonging to some of the athletes featured in the annual Warwick Rowers calendars.
There was a crash from the kitchen that sent John jumping to his feet. A pantry was open with several plates shattered on the ground.
“Well… I guess you’re right. I never really thought about that last one before.” John had hated being short his entire life. He never thought of the possibility that it’s what had saved him in Afghanistan.
“Look in the box.” Sherlock swallowed hoarsely, god, John was actually holding it, and in front of him at that.
“Huh?” John pouted thoughtfully. He spaced out for a second, staring at the hypnotising rotation of the popcorn packet. He became awfully aware of Sherlock’s presence next to him. Sherlock scrutinized the microwave with his piercing blue-and-green eyes, his face mere centimeters from John’s. This way, he could peck him on the cheek.
“They don’t sound like good company,” Dean nodded, scratching his chin. “One time a fairy smacked me in the face. It hurt, not gonna lie.” A moment of silence, and then he added, “And it had
Irene looked at John, her face a complicated mix of thoughts and emotions. Mostly irritation and fury, but no sadness. “Once. Just once I want to see how being tall feels like. Listen, I know my advantages, but… Yeah, no. I’m just petty and want to look down on bitches for five minutes. Is that too much to ask?”
Uhm. Sherlock sucked in a breath. Okay, Henry was kooky. But it was nonetheless unbelievable, some of the things and concepts that left his mouth. Surreal, even. What would a person have to go through in order for them to turn into… this? An out-of-mind, completely changed personality-wise husk of someone who Henry used to be prior to the incident? He suffered a loss of memory in addition to the stress -- or as a result of it?
“I’d love to, but maybe later,” he murmured, gazing outside as birds chirped above on the rooftop, loudly debating and exchanging unknown opinions with each other. “I have to go to the town.”
“Good night, Mycroft,” he bade sadly. “Thank you for listening, and I wish you a very nice day or night, wherever you are. Take care.”
“Understand what?” John caught Sherlock by the arm, leading him to the bar. Vitto, Angelo’s second cook in command, checked up on the new customers, his beaming smile inviting them in.
“Some people never change,” she smirked, digging into her own meal. John felt he should counter her queries, so he glued together any willing brain cells that didn’t nope out for the night.
“That’s because you have an awful sense of orientation in closed spaces,” Sherlock bit back, tugging at his curls in frustration. He turned to John, who watched him with a poker face, bemused by Sherlock’s little strop. “John, I didn’t make a mistake. I
“Anything you wanted to talk to be about, Sherlock?” their father said eagerly. He enjoyed mental sparing with his sons.
“Then how about we head to town?” Alex suggested, entwining his arms under Irene’s and John’s, dragging them out of the cemetery. The dead surely had a party listening to Cage’s threats. “There’s a nice place at the square serving the best hot chocolate in town.”
“That’s a good question, son,” Mycroft heard their Dad say. “They probably didn’t. The whole fiasco was faulty, looking back. As I said, I don’t know much. I wasn’t even born that year. But after investigating the matters, no chamber was found, no monster was going around and killing students, except for one unfortunate girl. The whole thing was an accident.
John grinned back, tilting his head to the left as he considered it and mentally tried to remember secluded places nearby. There was one. “Deal!”
John shifted weight from one leg to another, dipping his head to his palette, then at Sherlock. “I said that we should get cleaned up, not that we will.”
“Good for her I guess. Sorry, I know it’s none of my business,” John said, rubbing the backside of his neck. “I just heard your raised voices, that’s all.”
Truth be told, Blake was glad he transferred in his last year, at least he had an excuse not to talk to people when in library or in his dormitory. And even though he didn’t seek friends in the castle, they, appallingly, found him.
Greg paced back to the door and without sparing the master bedroom a second glance, he left, leaving it undisturbed as he had found it. Mrs Hudson never came in, respecting his privacy. She knew bits and pieces of his and his partner’s past and what happened, but never pushed for details. Greg wouldn’t mind sharing, but at this point in time, the less she knew, the better. He’ll have to come forth with the kids eventually, though… But that’s not exactly an easy feat. There’s a lot of risks, and he still hasn’t figured out what precisely had happened a few months ago regarding….
“What’s important?” Kate asked, barging into the gift shop. Her shift was about to start. She looked from John to Greg, depositing her purse behind the counter.
“Alright,” Sherlock said after a while, padding barefoot to the stairs. He returned abruptly, muttering, “After I get my shoes.”
“He is!” John smiled and rested his brow on Sherlock’s clavicle. “He’s a family guy deep down and pack-bonds with anyone and anything.”
Five minutes later Sherlock trotted downstairs, curls bouncing on his head like small dark springs. John has just poured coffee in their mugs, smiling when long arms wound around his waist as Sherlock leaned against him. This comfortable domesticity was something he lived for. John turned around in their embrace, hopping up on the counter so that he and Sherlock were approximately the same height.
She took off her white gloves and tossed them to the front row. Three guys too eager for it got into a fist fight over them. And Mary had finally spotted John, for she winked at him and although he felt uneasiness set in, he pursed his lips and formally nodded in acknowledgement.
“No you can’t, idiot,” Sam said softly, offering him the rest of his shake. “Low-sugar but a bit sweet. It won’t kill you. And Cas isn’t going anywhere. And believe it or not, you need your beauty sleep too. You wouldn’t want to crash the car, would you?”
“Hey Sherlock, have you told Greg about the Chamber of Secrets?” John asked, taking out his parchment and quill with ink. He missed ballpoint pens.
“Yeah, turns out Mickey Mouse is a little bitch who needs exorcism. And Walt Disney too, for that matter,” Dean added, leaving John and Sherlock befuddled with raised eyebrows.
The shining full moon outside was so bright that they didn't need to use lightning of any sort to get by. Sherlock examined the shelves with the utmost interest, fingers trailing backs of books ever so tenderly. John, on the other hand, nervously hung around, ears pierced for any sound that would indicate they were discovered.
He and Anthea tried to research what had gone down together since neither Sally nor Dimmock had any knowledge of Greg’s mystery hunter past and Henry’s affiliation with him in this sense. Unfortunately, no amount of searching for Henry’s nightmares yielded satisfactory results, and then the curse hit this March… and Greg had enough on his plate as it was.
-- stood there, holding her rose in a glass jar, looking as spooked as Irene felt at the sight of him. She stumbled backwards, screams building up in her lungs. “SHERLOCK WHAT THE FU--”
Just when John rounded the corner to get to the nearest staircase that led directly to the library, Sherlock snatched him into the shadows, hand over mouth to prevent him from waking up the whole of Hogwarts.
he being paranoid? No, of course not; he had spent enough time in the company of the crazy, insane, adorable guy to know when it is him and when it’s not. Two weeks may downplay the claim, but he had always felt like they had known each other for
The strange thing was that no one messaged him since… March? True, his parents preferred calling over Messenger to berate him verbally because it’s faster, but even when he departed straight for Oregon from uni, they usually hit him up at least at the beginning of the holidays. He checked the spam inbox, requests, nothing. Not that it surprised him. The moment he had gotten into university in Toronto, it was clear that the rift in their family dynamic would become a Marianna trench. And neither side put in the effort. John tried, even though reluctantly, but his conscience wouldn’t let him be despite the protests of his petiness.
Irene checked the time. “It’s just after seven. Tours start at ten.” She flipped on her back, staring at the ceiling covered in cobwebs. “Why are you up? Don’t you like to sleep in when you’re not on duty?”
“Yep,” Sherlock said, popping the consonant. Anthea nodded and went to open the window to let the stale air freshen up. Sherlock changed into his sweatpants and t-shirt, choosing to go barefoot. He wouldn’t let Wilkes rain on his parade -- he had eagerly anticipated the session, and he won’t let his mood get ruined by some ineffable twat in rumpled shorts. Taking a deep breath, he returned to where Anthea was. Let’s see what he remembers from his London days.
Thankfully, the forests deepened and thickened a few miles ahead. It was close to the South American Ocean, but there was a fair amount of distance and quite a few bogs separating John from it, so there were no issues. Not that he was hydrophobic. He could bathe in lakes and cross rivers with only a tiny bit of paranoia eating at the back of his head, but larger bodies of water simply unnerved him.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Diggory. The process to become an animagus is very long and difficult. Many things can go wrong, and you also have to register yourself with the Ministry.”
“Thank you,” he heard Sherlock say. He looked at him, question knitting his brows together. They’d finished another round of s’mores - oh, how John missed this treat while he was in Canada! Sure, you can make it yourself, but it always tastes better in the company of friends.
The upstairs area was silent. The kids and Castiel retreated hours ago, and by a matter of chance, Greg discovered what Castiel was. An angel. He woke up after the kids and Cas talked in the kitchen (very inconspicuous), but he was too out of it to make himself get up. And then Irene asked if virgin Mary was a virgin for real -- a valid question -- and happily reminded everyone nearby that Cas is, in fact, an angel. Greg’s eyes had snapped wide open at that, cold sweat breaking out on his forehead. John had promptly shushed her, albeit not as quietly as he’d probably hoped he did. Greg wasn’t about to rattle himself out nor was he about to create an awkward moment, so he continued slouching on the couch until Irene and Castiel were gone.
“I’m not complaining!” Irene said defensively, which in turn made Greg put up his hands. “Just that of all the dates, you pick this one. Curious. What about you, Mrs Hudson?”
A lick on his cheek, sloppy and wet. John smiled at the small bundle in his arms, its mom walking up to him to sniff his legs. Her big brown eyes stared at John, and then her tail wagged from side to side before stilling.
And Mary had no idea! This was going to be delightful to witness. The game was on, and soon enough the grand reveal would be out in the open.
Harry sighed. As if he hadn’t been too much trouble already. He looked at the clock hanging to his left next to the kitchen door. Quarter past nine. Surely Hermione and Ron were awake by now. Well, at least Hermione. Ron had taken up the opportunity to sleep for as long as possible, if he could. Unwillingly, his mind started playing with him, wandering to the topic of Draco Malfoy and what he may be doing this very moment. He must have looked distraught, because John got up and lightly shook him by the shoulder.
“With every passing day, I understand Sherlock more and more,” Irene blinked, though she was rather delighted about the sum she had helped produce. The dirt under her nails will be worth it.
Hi everyone! Second to last chapter of Gloria Scott is here! Finally, we get to know what happened to her, and how she became a ghost...
“There’s just one, that’s a disappointment,” commented Sherlock, his fingers inching to pet the petals. John reached out and stopped him before his friend made a mess out of things.
Irene pushed the door of TARDIS open, only to wince and cough at the less than durable smell from the neighbouring toilets of cruel sensory death. Donna and a very exasperated Doctor trailed after them, the group of four running for fresh air good twenty meters away from the toi tois.
Fancy rich music filled the air as the camera revealed gardens, moving around the grounds of a castle. Greg groaned and put the soda can down. He patted the sofa for the remote, but it was nowhere to be found. Greg cursed whoever misplaced the remote control, wishing them to step on LEGO.
