“I know you do. Time to put it to good use.” Tony hooks his fingers over his boxers and Steve tenses. What he wants is Tony naked for him. He’ll settle for this, happily.
?” It’s a slap to the face. Tony has never put it into words, into context, but he’s always known that to some degree Iron Man is atonement for sins committed. Sins that Steve doesn’t and will never connect to Iron Man. It’s an injustice that Tony can barely live with suddenly. He wants to call the suit to him, cloak himself in its strength and force Steve to
This isn’t the way it was always done in his day and age. Even in the 30s and 40s, Omega-napping was for the wealthy, or it was a watered-down version where the Omega knew what was coming. But Steve has always been a traditionalist. And deep down, he thinks Tony will appreciate that.
And like that, his erection starts to subside, thinking about Tony being hospitalized because of what Steve did.
As Steve loses control, he groans, and Tony feels the burgeoning sensation of his own impending orgasm. Steve is taking him higher and higher, pushing all thought from his mind with each tender stroke.
“No, should be fine, thank you for your time.” Steve gets up from the hideous looking chair and makes sure not to bump his head on the ceiling.
“Good. Wear a plug next time. I don’t want to waste any time prepping you.” Tony wipes at Steve’s face, like he always does, before scraping it at his ass, pressing on Steve’s hole so that more come will squirt onto the rag. Tony is always thorough.
Her face contorts as she takes swift strides to the bed, teeth bared in a rictus of hunger. When her broken fingers reach for his arm and shoulder, he almost lets her bear down on him, mouth poised to bite before instinct kicks in and he launches her away from him with his foot. She clatters to the floor, not bothering to protect her head or body, a puppet without strings.
Tony sat down on the bed, and proceeded to remove his socks and shoes. Socks during sex were the most unsexy thing he could think of. He didn’t care that some study had said reaching orgasm was more difficult without socks. His body was going to take care of that for him anyway, he thought with disdain.
The workshop is where Tony can be found the majority of the time, and today is no different. He’s filthy, grease slicked in his hair, patches of iron dust all over his hands and bare feet. He’s also gorgeous, his brown eyes taking that sheen of dark chocolate, as they do when Tony is intensely focused. Guns n’ Roses blares in the background, which Steve only knows because Tony loves bands from that time period.
“You don’t fear death Tony. Otherwise you wouldn’t put on the suit. But being so afraid of hurting someone you love that you can’t share your whole self, when you owe them more than secrets,” Pepper trailed off. “I can’t live with that. I love you so much Tony, but I have to keep my boundaries.” At some point he’d lowered his face mask, unconcerned with whether he was seen, and he scratched at his head now, dragging it down to run through his beard slowly, resigned.
“Name-calling doesn’t get you what you want. Be a good boy and say please.” He smacks Tony’s ass with his hand, watching it tremble and turn a bright red with the strength of his swing. It’s a color he could look at all day on Tony.
“Whatever.” Tony looks moderately chastised for a moment before his mask falls back into place. It’s not much, but it’s a start, if Tony is at least deterred by the spankings he’s going to get.
Steve, who agrees with him, in his own way, is either better at hiding it, or at believing two contradictory things at the same time. That they are both soulmates, and also the victims of a particular mental illness that can only and ever afflict pilots who drift.
The music changes over the speakers, Dean Martin crooning out a simple song, and Tony places tentative hands over both of his bots, his heart full as they settle like faithful dogs next to his side. He’s lucky he has them, that he has this life now. His eyes fall shut and Steve’s visage appears, a hand extended toward Tony, the Avengers behind him watching Tony with fondness. His fingers glide over the smooth metal along his bots’ bodies, and his cheeks begin to hurt at the force of Tony’s smile.
As he makes his way outside, the wind hits his face like a million tiny pins. They press into his almost bare torso, and his exposed ass, reminding him what happened. The wet liquid between his cheeks is starting to freeze, but while it’s there, he can’t stop thinking of Steve.
He approaches the doors and pulls them open. Inside, the church looks completely different, and yet somehow the same. It feels the way all churches feel when you go in them for the first time. This isn’t home, but somehow it is.
“Tony, we need to address the Extremis app.” The suit slithers around his skin, caressing each inch with cool liquid metal, and it feels divine. This is what Odin must feel like before he smites someone.
“Just go to bed.” Steve is done with this evening. He’s exhausted and he feels like he’s betraying himself even now as he looks at Tony and thinks about what Tony would look like nude and splayed out before him. He shoves that thought down, hard, but it keeps rising like there’s air trapped inside of it. Like there’s something substantial to Tony’s claims.
That’s more than enough time to stay away from public areas. Which means it takes a week for Rogers to corner him, and he must have solicited someone for help. Probably Natasha, that creeper, which is genius but also cruel and unusual.
Tony steps out of the car, and he’s barely closed the door before Sam is off, driving down the street to his next destination. Tail flicking behind him once, the letter crinkles in his hand as Tony opens it.
“I just think I’m hands down amazing, but I’m surprised you agree, frankly. Seeing as we hardly get along.” Tony’s eyes are almost shuttered, but Tony’s posture is submissive, chin tilted up as he leans back into the couch cushions. It’s inviting, thrilling to see. He watches Tony’s pulse point, the sheen of Tony’s glands peeking out from the side of his neck. It’s unbearable.
“The church helped funnel a lot of omegas out in those days. Many went to the sisterhood. We would trade omegas between the churches, to keep them out of their old neighborhoods. Most alphas never came looking. Too embarrassing to lose your property I suppose. But the ones that did, well, we did our best. There were some good things back then, good alphas who treated their omegas as a partner. But there were many more doing things that we don’t look too kindly on now. Have you any other sins to confess?”
He’ll use his behavior like a mallet to smash any existing crushes on those long, muscled legs, or delightfully broad back that Tony could theoretically climb.
Usually Tony doesn’t hang around in the communal Avengers showers. He’s got his own bathroom that’s leagues ahead of a simple stall with only one spray setting. But today he’s feeling a little down, like he wants to hide.
cared for his birthday—despite his public celebrations and parties suggesting otherwise—and struggles with special holidays, anniversaries, and the like. No matter how hard Tony’d tried, Howard had never been there when Tony had had his accomplishments. Graduations, project presentations, commendations… Howard had always been notably absent. So Tony had stopped caring, stopped expecting. When Tony had briefly dated Pepper during Iron Man’s beginnings, she had never understood how he could “forget” anniversaries or underplay their importance. It had taken Steve’s dogged persistence for Tony to enjoy those days without the shadow of his father looming over him and making him feel as though Tony didn’t deserve it. Steve’s unending patience is one of the many things Tony is grateful for.
And oh god, Steve really believes this, he realizes. The conviction he’s holding is that there’s been a grievous error with Tony. Something so wrong, that it would be a crime to not do something.
“Captain America’s on threat watch?” Banner has his arms crossed, looking defensive and incredulous.
“Ok, I don’t want to join your super secret boy band, and nor does Mr. Stark. If I have to associate with people, the likelihood of my survival is directly related to the size and quality of my rag-tag group of associates. Are you a welder, Fury? Maybe a lock-picker? A snake-thrower who can throw snakes at my enemies? No? Well then, I’m not sure you can help me.” He’d heard of SHIELD. They’d ghosted about the perimeters of his life, but he’d never done anything naughty enough to warrant their attention. Besides Iron Man, apparently. And to be fair to Fury and his little Avenger’s initiative, a SHIELD agent would know what to do if the world broke down, because a SHIELD agent already lives in a world without law anyway. They’d seized property before, just never his. But Tony wasn’t interested in making it easy. SHIELD would inevitably want what all bloated, militaristic intelligence agencies wanted: weapons. And when they came for them, Tony would slap them with so much lawyer-y paperwork, their little agent heads would spin like the exorcist chick.
“I think so. I treated Tony like he wasn’t my equal, and he more than is. If anything, he’s my superior.”
A faint breeze is blowing in through the open balcony. It cuts through the tenderness of Steve’s touch, lifting a few strands of hair in its embrace. It’s not enough to stop Steve sliding in, coming home.
“Quit pulling each other’s pig tails then! Most of the insults traded come from your end Stark, or do you generally live in a state of denial?” Fury was smiling now, even though he was wrong, because Tony did not pull people’s hair unless it was consensual pulling. Which given that his little crush on the Captain had been taken out behind the shed and shot, there would be no hair-pulling on Cap’s thick, blond hair. Ever.
When Tony pulls away, slowly, eyes wide and his mouth wet and puffy, he isn’t quite wrecked, but he looks ready to fall over the edge into it.
“So you can you get pills?” The idea is fire now, burning through his mind and seeking all the places where Tony has damaged their relationship. Those things can be repaired now. They can’t be saved, but they can be regrown with a new identity for Tony. Steve just knows it.
Otherwise, Tony is hyper aware of the Captain next to him. The other man is blissfully ignorant of the history between them due to Tony’s hidden identity, and Tony doesn’t intend to reveal himself to be Tony Stark, Howard Stark’s son.
“You will count them.” Steve brings his hand down. This gives him no pleasure. It’s pure punishment and he doesn’t make the slaps easy. They’re intended to bruise and warn Tony of the next time he opens his mouth to think about what he’s saying.
The wolf whines then, before dipping its head to sniff the ground and looking up again. It takes a step forward, then two, before it starts ambling slowly towards Rhodey.
“Ok, I don’t think that fits either. Let’s just shelve the issue for now. Now why don’t you toddle off downstairs while the adults talk.”
“That’s right. You have never cared about them. But they’re not that foolish. Eventually, SHIELD will come for you. The rest of the Avengers will, especially if I tell them what you’ve been up to and why. Then where will you be? You want to have all the money in the world? Then own the world, that’s Godhood. Right now you’re just a minor deity, and there’s the little fact that if you don’t fall in line and SHIELD doesn’t get to you, I will.” The threat and promise rolls off his tongue lovingly. If you make the carrot appealing enough, you never have to use the stick.
“The new thing now is that omegas can be traded between families. As long as you have another omega to replace the one, you can trade. It used to be an uncommon thing, but it’s coming back now that betrothals have been outlawed. There’s entire markets built on trading omegas for marriage. Can you imagine someone doing that to their daughter? I’m lucky I got out without being pregnant. Not everyone is so lucky, sorry Angela.”
“I’d ask where you’ve been, but we don’t have time for that. Tony is looking for you.” She glares at Steve.
“So good for me. Want to have you now,” Steve croons at Tony. He doesn’t waste time, slips himself behind Tony and holds his head between his wet fingers and thumb as he rubs it on Tony, looking for purchase to get inside. He finds it on the third pass and presses in. Tony groans and presses back, helping Steve slide up to the hilt.
Bruce and Tony keep chatting in the lab. Tony remarks on how ridiculous the Captain is, but Bruce brushes it off, unwilling to get between anyone. Bruce is a better man than he is. This leads Tony to try and help him cope with his little green problem, but Bruce doesn’t take well to that either. It’s hard, because Tony does understand. He has the arc reactor, which is a great responsibility in and of itself.
“I know this might not be the ideal time, but I wanted to say you can do whatever you need to with your money, on the stock market. I shouldn’t have said anything.”
“Wait, you’re on that list? Is it because of stabbing? And are you above or below angry bees? I bet the reason is stabbing.” All of the Avengers except Tony are Alphas, and Alphas absolutely rank higher on the threat scale. Add super powers and assassin skill sets and you have a volatile group of the most dangerous people in the world. Omegas were supposed to be a team balancing influence, but Tony was not that kind of Omega. I mean, look at how soothing he was to Captain America, an Alpha’s Alpha.
The slap of skin punctuates every slam of his hips and he watches the globes of Tony’s ass bounce on him with each thrust.
“I always keep my promises Steve. You’ll be my little slut forever. I’ll never let you go. Someday you’ll come to me, and you’ll be completely mine. I’d say I can’t wait, but my patience for you has remained rather impressive. My finest project yet.” Tony pets over his back, fingers dipping around Steve’s muscles. Steve feels hollowed out, like he’s broken all his promises, though he’s only halfway to hell. It doesn’t matter, though. He was gone the first time Tony claimed his lips and told him to bend, just a little.
It’s not like Tony wants Cap to talk to him, but he kind of does. Instead, he gets “the talk” from Natasha about hiding his identity as Iron Man.
“No one has ever diminished you, have they? They’ve tried. I tried. But nothing makes you shine less than you do.”
“Just find the cube.” Steve gives up or ceases caring, and walks away. Tony doesn’t watch the man’s ass when he leaves. No he does not.
“Such a pretty cunt. You’re going to be so tight on my knot Tony. I know you’ll love it. Tell me you want it.”
your best pilots. Steve is out there, and you’re not even—you’re not even looking for him!” How dare they abandon Steve. Steve. Who has been there for the program for years now, stopping almost every single Kaiju attack with Tony as though he was born to do it.
Steve leans forward and clenches Tony’s hands in his own as he undulates his thrusting to get the last bit inside of Tony. Tony hums, high pitched, but takes it.
Something about that name does it for Tony. Thinking of himself as Bucky’s slut gives Tony an eager sense of belonging to the alpha in a deeply sexual and visceral way. That his wanton nature is ok, and Bucky wants it. Tony knows he’s a needy omega, and being ashamed of it has only made him feel that much more desire to get on his knees for an alpha and just
. He’s shiny and clean, and all the things in this world that people strive to be and to have in their life.
So Steve had to watch as Tony’s eyes rolled up and back, his mouth gaping open as his limbs tightened and twitched in turns. Drool tracked its way down Tony’s face, and Steve couldn’t help but wipe it up with a finger, trying to preserve some of Tony’s dignity.
“Not really. Fine. So tell me your fascinating ground rules.” Steve pauses here, waiting out Tony’s impatience until the omega focuses. Like training a dog, you have to wait for them to have their full attention on you.
“Hey! Stop that now. If that thing can contain the Hulk, it can certainly contain Steve ‘punch things as a solution’ Rogers.” The man on the other side is fiddling at a terminal, eyes not on Steve at all, and it’s as infuriating as it is insulting. As if he doesn’t expect that Steve could escape if he truly wanted.
“Good, because if I find out from Stark or anyone else that it didn’t, there won’t even be words to be had. Now, did you learn your lesson?”
“I’m sorry, did you say…?” Tony has a vicious sense of satisfaction that Cap can’t keep up with the conversation. How dare anyone so pretty treat Tony like he’s the gum on the man’s shoe.
“Oh yes, we’re at the part where the forces of evil conspire to destroy my life. I, Tony, take thee, Steve, to be my wedded husband, to apparently have and to hold from this day forward, for worse, and much worse, for richer, never poorer, to stay away in both times of in sickness and in health, to supposedly
“No idea what you’re talking about sweet cheeks. Money is power.” Tony gestures with his full glass of liquor, but Steve can see the small lines of stress line around his mouth and eyes. Tony doesn’t like compliments, even when they’re veiled as accusations.
“I care. They’re mine. I don’t want you to look.” Steve knows he can’t press, but it’s devastating to him that Tony doesn’t want to share this intimacy. He’ll respect it, even though it makes him feel awful that Tony is afraid of what Steve might think.
“I’m fine being an old Omega harridan with cats, except instead of cats, robots. It’s a perfectly acceptable life choice, given that robots don’t even shit in a box. No offense, JARVIS.”
“Tell me Cap, is all that self-restraint worth it?” The little vixen in front of him is coy now, neck bared towards Steve, and Steve can hardly believe that three weeks worth of pills have brought him to this point. So succulent already. Tony wants to be plucked.
. Doesn’t need the aftercare associated with heats. He’s Tony Stark, and he’s never needed anything that he can’t get for himself.
“Always.” Tony reaches up and grasps Bucky’s arm, thankful that Bucky is alive, is recovering, is able to be here for Steve and provide him a sense of completion that echoes memories from before the ice.
“Fine, we’ll compromise. You can spend your time in the lab, but you will come up for lunch, and if you vomit again, you’ll go to your room.”
“Respect what? Is the Omega being too uppity for you?” Tony bites back, hoping it goads Rogers to even greater heights of incandescent rage.
“Steve?” There’s a knock on the door, and he hears Tony’s muffled voice. It’s hell getting up, his legs feeling shaky and loose like they can’t support his weight, but he makes it to the door. Fingers fiddling with the handle, he opens the door to find his disheveled omega standing there, hand gliding through his hair.
“Is not the right of claiming a joyous time?” Thor’s understanding is a given, but Steve is grateful. If Tony had not an ounce of attraction for Steve inside of him, no Alpha command in the world would have been able to entice the Omega to give a mating bite in return. In this, he knows he’s assured that while maybe this isn’t the way Tony would have gone about it, it was the right decision.
But Steve does something much different than expected. He begins to pull at Tony’s armor, stripping him. First, the breastplates come down in chunks, and then the shoulder plates follow after, wires sparking with leftover processes.
“Shh.” Bucky presses two fingers to Tony’s open mouth. “I’ll be seeing you around, Tony.” With that, Bucky stalks out of the showers, leaving Tony feeling fractured and confused.
He’s tired, worn down from spinning the engine as fast as the suit could go so that the whole helicarrier wouldn’t come down. The suit itself is once again wrecked, but he has to stay inside of it, letting the sweat trickle down while the blood from a small gash sticks to the inside of the helmet. He sits calmly at the table with the Captain, head hung low over the death of Coulson. Coulson who had been his contact with SHIELD since Fury had introduced them. The one who had pulled him into this with a rather desperate plea in the form of a data dump.
What remained of Steve was forever lost inside Tony, and he was never getting it back. And to think, he was content with that. It wasn’t a bitter pill or a disappointment. Tony deserved the world. He deserved a better man than Steve. If Steve was Tony’s consolation prize, then Steve would willingly carve pieces of himself off for Tony to have. If that was what he wanted.
“Stop, don’t–” His voice was pitiful, even through the modulator. Of course, Steve misinterpreted it as fending off a bad injury from his purview. He’d done that to Steve before.
The integrity of this daydream falters under his hands. He stutters for a moment, his cock softening even though the very thought of Tony like that arouses him more than anything ever has.
It’s not that he doesn’t want Bucky. But this is so far beyond his understanding of how this is supposed to go.
Steve rends it apart, exposing Tony’s bare cock nestled in a thatch of wiry hair. He grasps Tony before swallowing him down like he owns it, sucking him in as though it’s air to breathe. The groans he elicits from Tony are a chorus for his performance, the sloppy sound of his sucking the only vocalizations Steve makes.
“He’s right, you don’t smell taken. I should have done something about that before we left, but I forgot to say anything.”
“Steve, Steve I need your fingers. I want to fuck myself on them.” Tony reaches down and grabs at Steve’s hair, gently guiding him up and down. Steve is helpless to challenge that. He pulls his arm loose from under Tony’s thigh and reaches for his hole. He finds it wet with slick, already producing just enough for Steve to get his fingers in without hurting Tony. Tony’s hole is furled, and the gooey essence that leaks from him squelches lewdly against his finger. Tony opens ever so slightly, and Steve presses his advantage, delicately tracing the strong muscle, feeling every wrinkle and contraction. Just the tip of his finger is dipped into Tony’s beautiful heat, and Steve’s desire is sent soaring. Slowly, so slowly, he presses in.
“I was twenty-nine when he told me that it was time to settle down and have a child. That my job was expendable. Thing is, I was making almost $25,000 more a year than he was. I never realized how much this bothered him until he said that what I did wasn’t that important. Nothing was more important than raising our family.”
Steve had a gymnast’s body, or a swimmer’s. Broad, sculpted shoulders with narrow hips that accentuated the fact that the man never missed leg day. Steve’s back muscles had muscles. Tony had always found that it was the little things about Steve’s fitness that got to him. The dip of the man’s spine where his trapezius pulled tight. The tightness of his abductors that made Tony think of Cap straddling him, having his way as he enclosed Tony’s waist with all that unbridled power.
The shame sets in as the cold does to the spunk that’s on his body. He’s never wanted an omega. He doesn’t, but he does.
“You’re right, but—I don’t know why I do that?” He searches his heart, but he’s too nervous to come up with any explanation.
That only lasts as long as Bucky isn’t in his space because Tony blinks, and there’s Bucky, hip to hip with him, the knot of his towel digging into Tony as he stands there. The look on Bucky’s face is indescribable but for the fact that Bucky’s eyes are razor-sharp focused on Tony’s face.
. He wants Steve to wrap around him, assuage the embers of him before he scorches. Is it possible to get close enough? Tony would try.
“I make sure that Tony comes up for regular meals, otherwise he would stay in the shop all day,” Steve says.
“You’re twisted. He’s never going to forgive you. We will never forgive you. You are vile–” she says from over Rhodes’s shoulder, her face streaked with tears now.
“You’d look so beautiful swollen with my children. I could make you forget what it’s like to be alone in your own body, I’d keep you so overflowing with my seed, my pups.” Steve’s voice is overawed.
“Why does that even matter? This is illegal.” Bucky finally gives in and speaks, waving his hands in the air.
“Yes, of course I do. He’s… he’s pretty amazing. Did you know he developed software for the Omega Support Network? And he donates to charities often.”
Not the version of Extremis he has, no. He may be benevolent and generous, but he’s a selfish God. There’s no room up here for anyone else. Well, there is room at his feet anyway. Particularly for Captain Handsome.
“Easier than Tony is now?” Because Tony’s ruts are worse than unpleasant. He’s no longer allowed in his workshop or anywhere but his room when one comes on. Sometimes Pepper, a beta, joins him. Other times she won’t even go into his room. An interior decorator comes once every three months to repair the damage Tony does. If the man weren’t so obscenely wealthy, there would have been consequences long before this point.
is, but he can’t, won’t stop Tony. It’s been months since he learned Iron Man’s identity, and he’s never reported it to SHIELD or otherwise done anything about it. Sometimes he walks to Stark tower, stares at the reflective windows that reveal nothing, and walks back home.
“Maria shouldn’t have tried to stop me,” Iron Man says simply before he draws his fingers down Steve’s arm and grasps at his wrist, pulling Steve towards him into an embrace. Being with Tony is like riding a tornado in a rainstorm; he holds on tight and hopes they land standing up.
The tower is quiet, and he proceeds to make a quick dinner again, something comforting. Chicken and dumpling soup seems like the right play. He rolls out the dumplings as he cooks the chicken, before tossing in chopped vegetables. A bit of cream and adding the dumplings, and it’s almost ready.
In his defense, Steve had never given any outward indication of dissatisfaction, anger, or, well, anything.
Exhausted from running, fighting, and generally being fraught, Tony doesn’t quite realize they’ve made it to his bed until Steve gently rests him on it. He gazes up at the two alphas, their faces inscrutable as they examine Tony. It makes him squirm, and he pushes himself up closer to his pillows, full well knowing that he can’t run, and there’s nowhere to hide.
“I think I hated the spankings most, and how Conall would always think I liked it on purpose, and how he’d—he’d have me after, whether I wanted or not. It was a long time ago. I wish he just would have done what he was going to do instead of making my body like it. Like he owned me. And at the time, I suppose, he did own me. Never came back for his property though, and twenty years later or so, I wasn’t his anymore. That was the first day I felt truly safe.”
Tony had told him to get out. Tony doesn’t want what this couple has, the easy affection they’re engaged in. But to be fair, Steve made it clear he didn’t want it either.
Steve doesn’t leave him hanging; he spreads firm fingertips to the stratum of his back, Tony’s shoulder blades and spine providing rigid geography that corrals Steve’s movements. Ever so soft, Steve starts to press in, searching out knots. Tony groans when he finds them, helplessly grinding his hips down. It’s heaven.
“Iron Man, you know that’s a one-way trip.” Rogers is on the line, confident in Tony, the man he doesn’t know is behind the mask. He doesn’t answer.
God, Tony just wanted to lay on the table, lay his hands down flat and press his face to the cool surface, and forget his impending hangover. But the Omega was right there, in the way and blocking him from relief with her thin, tan arms.
“Even Extremis can’t heal multiple fractures to the spine.” Tony moans on Steve’s answering thrust and clings at Steve’s shoulders, taking him all the way to the hilt. Steve pulls Tony’s head back down and locks their eyes together.
And that was his mother protecting him. Not from the omegas themselves, but from the lives they were living.
Tony finds the replacement suit in a hidden storage where he’d directed it. It’s standing there, sleek and clean lines, the kind of detail that’s only been in his SI products and head before this, leaving his emotions and life in a chaotic mess. He wants it, wants this. Craves being Iron Man with a thirst that leaves his throat dry and his limbs atremble. Iron Man is an Alpha. He’s untouchable.
The light of the camera turns off, and Tony collapses, dizzy and lightheaded. He ignores his cock, the throbbing a distraction that he can’t afford to follow, and stands off the bed with a moan as the plug jostles inside him.
shrieks, lifting one curled claw out of the water in order to crawl forward, its hideously empty yellow eyes locking tight to the jaeger.
“I was wrong, director. The world hasn’t changed a bit.” Rogers looks so disappointed, and Tony is fiercely glad that look hasn’t been turned on him.
The man gets ahold of his wrist and yanks Tony back to stand chest to chest with him. At first Tony tries to struggle away, but Bucky gets a hold of his other arm, and soon they’re both clamped down, ending the tussle.
“And you need to leave religion out of it and focus on the problem, Mr. Stark.” What Tony wouldn’t give to take that Catholic guilt and stick it where the sun don’t shine.
Every time Tony’s rut happens, Tony mopes in his workshop for at least two weeks before he shows his face around the common areas again. That’s about how long it takes for his shame to wear away and for the others to stop avoiding Tony themselves. Tony is still there when Steve asks JARVIS for an update on Tony’s location.
“Cap, I think you’re my absolute favorite. Don’t tell Nat though, or she might stab me again.” Tony is curled around the mug Steve handed him, elbows propped on the counter as he hovers over the steaming rim, breathing in with eyes closed. Steve rounds the island, skirting behind Tony and leaning over behind him to open a cabinet that contains a large bowl for whipping up pancakes. Now, Steve doesn’t need this bowl, but he does want to check and see how Tony reacts to his body.
“It’ll have to do. Thanks J. If I ask later if there’s any possibility of leftover DNA, lie to me, ok? Now I’ve got a serum to catch.”
Another spurt of slick escapes Tony, and he’s never been so thankful to be an omega as he is in this moment.
“It’s good to meet you, Dr. Banner. Your work on anti-electron collisions is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into the Mr. Hyde of Jolly Green Giants.” Tony watches the smile drift down off of Dr. Banner’s face when he mentions the Hulk. Huh. He’s going to have to figure out what the guy’s so torn up about. If Tony could be a giant green rage monster, he’d use it for building things, like his very own hadron collider.
“Yeah, those were hard days then. Things are better now, but still not great. But the House is about to vote on removing the ability to use any form of physical punishment in an alpha-omega marriage! That’s big news! Have you heard?”
The priest provided no clarification on how to get Tony to obey, but he’s willing to accept that maybe he should do what the priest said, for now. Just let Tony make his own decisions, his own mistakes. And further, that he should resolve himself to observing Tony in his environment. Noting how he behaves and whether it’s genuinely as problematic as Steve has assumed.
His brain produces a split-second image of Tony pinned underneath him, a hand at Tony’s neck and one at his hips— he shakes his head, wanting it out even as his mind continues to explore what that would be like.
“Can’t wait, stop making me wait!” The impertinence of Tony practically shouting those words against Steve’s lips makes him chuckle into Tony’s mouth and break the kiss. His sassy Omega wants his Alpha. It’s better than he could have ever anticipated. Steve lets up off of Tony, leaning back on his knees as he grasps Tony’s hips off the bed, hauling his ass towards the apex of Steve’s thighs. He pets Tony’s thighs, fingers dragging down the sparsely haired legs and back up to the perky ass that’s staring him in the face.
He makes his way upstairs and looks for Father Jacobs. It’s made easy for him by the fact that the Father is still in the sacristy tidying up.
He won’t. He won’t leave Tony like this, because underneath all of this, Tony has to be a good omega. There is an omega in there who can be obedient, tractable, beneath that facade. And as long as Tony abides by the rules of the contract, so will Steve. But if he has to break Tony to pieces to get to the perfect omega, he will.
“We don’t have to kick your army’s ass if we can just kick yours. So when we do come, it’ll be for you.”
“You cannot be serious. You can’t do that!” Tony is straining at him, his posture erect and bristled with antagonism. His fists are clenching and Steve has a wild hope that Tony will physically attack him so he can put him in his place easier. It’s best to get the rebellion out of the way early. Break them down so they can be reshaped.
“I can see we’re not going to get much further today. You have homework. I want you to find three successful omegas and bring their names in. I hope for your sake that Fury is correct, that you can be redeemed, but I’ll be honest, I’m not seeing it, Rogers.”
“So where are your charts and graphs Steven. I thought this would be a presentation on how the poor little omega handles money.”
“Will you marry me?” Steve’s hand is at his hair, petting, and Tony almost groans again, but he has to answer. He has to make sure Steve knows.
“You never appreciated him like he deserves, Stevie. It’s only now that you want him, just because I do. Because suddenly he has value that I recognize. That’s all.”
“I’m not doing this to hurt him. He’s hurting himself, every day.” The truth of this must ring through Steve’s tone, because Bucky looks back at Steve with his lips twisted to the side and his eyes evaluating instead of displaying any kind of solemn dismissal.
He makes his way to SI, peering at the well-appointed building before turning and entering the cafe. Pepper Potts, he sees right away, a tall red-head beta sitting refined at a table with only water to keep her company. Approaching the table, she spots him and her brow furrows before her face smoothes out and she smiles at him.
Thankfully they have everything on hand at the store in muted colors, so they load up the car and head back to the tower. Natasha takes him to a special parking garage that he didn’t realize was in the tower at all, and they haul their stuff up the elevator.
“I think I did ok!” He knows he didn’t. He didn’t do ‘ok.’ Pepper got involved; her safety was compromised. And yeah, he stepped in, saved the day, but hindsight was 20-20, and he should have made sure that Vanko was dead. The man was his responsibility, his cross to bear from the moment he appeared on the race track in Monaco. His enemies would always consider the people around him to be collateral damage at best, leverage at worst.
“It didn’t work did it, Tony? I picked Bucky over you, and it didn’t make me feel better. I give up. You’ll be hearing from me.”
“I know you, and I know that’s not as true as you want it to be Tony. Please, just try.” She was going to be so disappointed in Tony when she found out about everything. Tony was already disappointed in Tony. Not Howard Stark levels of disappointed, but getting there with every failed effort he’d made thus far to replace the palladium in the arc reactor that resulted in a tantrum Tony couldn’t explain to her. He couldn’t tell her why he acted out. He couldn’t tell her he was dying. He couldn’t tell her that his genius, the only thing that felt like his, and not his designation, had failed him.
“Scenting me? I haven’t been scented in over ten years! Not since my partner Edgar passed on. You are a sweetheart. She said you were trouble, but I can see you’ve got a good soul. But maybe I’m biased because you look just like some of the boys that used to run about in my neighborhood. Oh, the trouble they would find!”
Now he thinks that Cap and he are going to get into pissing contests. His therapist has told him that expectations are premeditated resentments, and Tony doesn’t disagree. Howard had always been unreliable, and it was just one more thing to chalk up to the man’s terrible personality that Howard had misjudged Captain America. Or he’d judged him correctly, and assigned Rogers the same category as he did himself. One that Howard would call something like “ambitious,” but Tony would refer to as “asshole.” Peas in a pod.
The suppressants would harm his fertility at this rate, but Tony wasn’t sure that was a bad thing since he wasn’t going to live to see the possibility of children. It would be about a year or more before the inflammation from a heat spent alone killed him. By then he’d be dead.
It’s not long after, as Bucky rubs at his prostate with singular determination, that Tony comes, his cock twitching out stream after stream of spend all over the wall and his thighs.
Fury leaves in a flurry of black cloth, muttering angrily to the elevator. They make eye contact before it closes and Fury shakes his head at Steve, disappointed.
“I don’t need anyone to take care of me.” With his helmet off, he sounded small, pathetic, and all too helpless.
Tony tore through each bag with more fury than Fury, inhaling and tossing them all over the head of SHIELD’s floor. Nick seemed like the kind of guy who didn’t hire someone to clean due to paranoia, and it gave Tony a special pleasure to think of Nick having to pick up after him.
“Sorry about the state of things. We’re trying to get all these records digitized so they can go into storage. They should be down here today going through things. I think they were planning on doing something to be able to find people in the system, but the way we have it is by alphabetical order. You have the first last name?”
Steve is going to take him off the team, he just knows it. So he barrels on, hoping that Steve doesn’t notice the stink of his apprehension.
“Strap him down then. Have some compassion for how we help him move on, if this doesn’t work.” He’s determined now. However this goes, he’s going to give Clint some dignity.
He can’t not comply. It’s Bucky. His teammate, friend. Tony’s pathetic, he knows, wanting this as bad as he does. It feels too good to question it, and he hitches his hips forward, pressing the base of his cock against the firm ring of Bucky’s hand. The skin over his erection slides as he rocks into it, a little bit of precum smoothing some of the way.
After he has Tony, he can make it up to the Omega. He’ll let Tony do whatever he so desires, as long as he agrees to belong to Steve.
“I’ve been worse.” Now, he knew they weren’t really alone, but hearing the footsteps behind him put him on edge.
Nonetheless, Fury sends his suppressants and hasn’t reached out to Tony regarding the count down to his necessary heat. Which leaves Tony in a lurch, wondering when SHIELD is going to try and call in a favor. Tony thinks it’s going to be weapons, and he’s stuck in a moral quandary about whether he should provide tech that kills other people, or die himself. As an objectivist, the answer seems clear initially; one man isn’t worth the many. But, as a consequentialist, the loss of Tony in the world, making tech that saves people, could be more detrimental to the overall body count.
The first hit causes Tony to curl in on himself and his knees to automatically cinch inward. Steve wrenches Tony’s legs back into place, fingers digging into the softly furred skin.
yourself. This is a different era we live in. We know more now about omega dynamics than we ever have before. We know what makes them happy and content, and it’s not this Captain. It’s not fucking this.”
“Oh, man. Stevie told me you could put a kid in a candy shop to shame with your whining. Should’ve believed him.” With grace, Bucky opens his body, his muscles loosened and ready to move at a moment’s notice. “Now, square up, kitty-cat.”
“Well, if you say so. It’s—it’s my omega. We haven’t got on very well for most of the time we’ve been married. It’s always to do with that, isn’t it? I’ve been—I’ve been awful to him. And I know that. We shared his heat though, recently, because I did say yes to him, like you suggested. But now he wants nothing to do with me, and I know that he’s not wrong in the sense that I’ve been cruel to him. It’s just, now I want him. I want him so badly I can’t even think straight. I think I’m in love with him.”
Tony sits upright in his chair, eyes gleaming with intention as he lays his palms on his knees, looking like he’s preparing for battle.
It’s not the end of the world if his team finds out, but the public will inevitably scrutinize his every action thereafter. Were the enemies that powerful or was it his unstable Omega nature that allowed them to destroy that building? Should an Omega be in charge of powerful weaponry? Perhaps the government should take it away, just to be safe. You know those Omegas; sometimes they need a firm hand.
Tony turns when the door opens, and gets up automatically, going for the bowl and plate of food that Steve has brought.
“That’s not going to work Tony and you know it.” Yes, but he would have liked to pretend a while longer that his whole life wasn’t crumbling down around him. SI would try to oust him now; there had been no provisions regarding his being an omega because he never presented as one, but that would hardly matter. The laws were clear on omega-alpha property being joint. Since all omegas bonded young, the joint property was to
“No, the rules are we stay. One flier at a time, and one to two ground units. We can’t afford to send Thor, and I need you here.”
He’s haunting his home now, and he can feel Steve’s eyes on him as Tony fades into the background of his own life.
“What’s the plan now?” Steve doesn’t bat an eyelash at Tony’s nickname, and that makes him even more worried. Just because they fought a battle together and won, does not make them friends. Rogers had seen to that already. And yeah, for sure Tony would like it to be different, yet he also wanted his very own low aspect ratio spherical tokamak so he could study plasma when he was ten, but we don’t always get what we want from Santa.
“So perfect, love you. Tony!” He whites out as the spasms hit, and he curls over Tony, pumping more and more of himself into his omega. He doesn’t realize he’s said the words back to Tony for at least thirty seconds, and the world drops out from under him. He looks down then, at Tony, unsure of where he stands, but Tony is still somewhere else, lost in another clenching orgasm of his own. So Steve just studies his face as his mouth opens and closes, and his eyes tense shut. It’s hell, waiting for Tony to come back to him, to reality where Tony didn’t just say that he’s always loved Steve.
The next time Tony wakes up, he’s growling and vicious. Tony pounces on Steve, his teeth sinking into Steve’s shoulder in a crushing bite that would leave terrible marks on anyone else. Steve feels somewhat sad that the way Tony is bruising him now will disappear as if it had never been there at all. Tony claws at his chest, face twisted in a snarl, his eyes possessive.
“It’s too late, isn’t it. Fuck the rules, I should have called Thor,” Nat mumbled, her hands covering her eyes as she strode away from the bed.
“I’ve only been around a few years. Is that all Captain?” Iron Man doesn’t mention Steve’s compliments on the suit. He seemed rather standoffish. But that could just be because Steve couldn’t get a tone of voice with the modulator in the mask.
“Yes, fine, I will take it.” Tony shuffles out of the kitchen, and Steve is left with cleanup. Yes, it’s best to pick his battles.
“Don’t distract me Captain.” Tony veers away, eyes crinkled with good humor and a sultry little smile creeping into the corners of his mouth.
and he’s sliding inside Tony, oh so carefully. Tony stops laughing and moans, loud and wanton, and Steve clutches at Tony’s hips, not certain if he’s trying to pull Tony up or down.
Thor and Nick interrupt their pissing contest, but the moment of animosity doesn’t pass. It lingers in the air, a thread pulled tight between them. Rogers sneaks angry and confused glances over at Tony while Tony lets a languid smirk rest on his face. It seems to be making the Captain angrier too, which is to his benefit. This idiot is going to be so fun to rile up. His pretty face is sumptuous with vexation, all pink and parted lips.
“Oh, I see, so you want me playing in the Pink Sheets. I’m not on the fucking Exchange, Steve. My company is privately held by myself and a handful of investors. Most of whom I bought out over the years. Do you know what it cost me to get that kind of control? Millions. I don’t have nearly as much money as you think, because I tied it up in making sure no one could take SI away from an omega. It’s mine. My money I make on the stock market is mine. And you may think you own me, but you don’t. SI will still be mine even after you’ve exited my life stage fucking left. As will my stocks. So kindly, fuck off.” Tony is sputtering by the end of his speech, hands smashed on the counter as he leans over and hisses out his disagreement to him. Steve doesn’t think he’s ever seen an omega act so upset before. It’s like Steve is trying to hurt him, Tony is so vociferous in his manner of speaking. Steve is just here, trying to help, and Tony takes it as though he’s done something awful.
“You’re not allowed to die before SHIELD gets what it needs. I’m not above calling your CEO and ratting you out.” Fury says, his tone twisty and more sincere than the content of his words. Like he, they, needed Tony, not just Iron Man. Like Tony deserved to live, and not exist as a tool for manufacturing weapons. He supposed this was Fury’s gift; no real leverage but saving Tony’s life.
“Wait for me, Tony. I’ll be seeing you soon.” Steve hauls Bucky up to his feet, and Tony tries to rise with them, to get up and make sure they don’t leave, but the armor’s weight on his legs along with its stiffness is too much. They lock up underneath him and prevent him from taking a single step.
Tony drops to the bed, and Steve does so beside him, their bodies mirrored quotations towards one another, and in the center, everything that Steve has done to protect them. Tony reaches across the gap and caresses Steve’s beautiful face, the pads of his hands rough on the stubble that Steve hasn’t shaved off this morning. He leans in slow, and completes the sentence between them that’s waiting to be spoken.
“I’ll meet you in the Tower lobby in twenty. Don’t think this changes things between us. I’m doing this for Stark.”
Creatures are not inherently evil, but this one, with its razor fangs and bellowing screech, might be. Tony considers whether they bred these creatures, and thinks they must have.
Steve smiles and huffs, but his pupils are more dilated than they should be as he looks off into the distance. Is it possible he’s reeking pheromones? There’s no way to tell with the suit on.
The idea tightens his groin and twitches his cock, preparing him to orgasm once more. This time for Bucky, and Tony pulls his legs up and out just a bit so that Bucky can hit his prostate. Bucky gets the idea and moves his hands from the bed to Tony’s legs, bending him down even more, putting rough pressure on Tony’s rim as he does so.
It goes on and on, neverending but for Steve’s grunts and his merciless assault. Despite the pain, what comforts him is Steve’s fingertips ground into his hips, the v of his groin smashing against his bare flesh, and Steve’s breath near his shoulder. He can almost imagine that he’s in bed, in the tower, and Steve is his lover. It makes him float above the pain.
. We don’t even know if the antibodies work on the fully infected.” Bruce was working quickly, tubes detangled and needles jammed into Steve’s arms at an uncomfortable angle.
“Omega. Mine to knot. Mine to breed. Would you like that? Some pups and kittens? We can have them, you know.” Tony mewls and wriggles on Steve’s lap, slick pouring from him now, squelching against the firm flesh of Steve’s hard cock. They grind together, just so that Tony’s perineum glances against Steve, but it’s not enough, not nearly. As though he can read minds, Steve reaches around Tony and aims his cock at Tony’s hole, sinking in as Tony yowls his pleasure.
“I’m good?” Tony asks, hesitant and coltish, even as he sits pinioned on Steve’s cock. Tony’s face is brittle, like glass that breaks with a touch. There’s a sadness in Tony, buried deep and hard to see, but easy to feel. It’s untouchable, even with Steve’s hands over Tony’s skin. But Steve tries to reach it nonetheless, to eradicate it.
“Morning.” Bucky’s voice is rough, sleep-worn, and it turns Tony on just a little. He wants to be reminded of Steve’s touch, but there’s something tense between him and Bucky, like Tony is prey, and Bucky is the tiger who happens to be in a cage with an unlocked door.
“From now on to always.” It’s instinctive, his pushing forward to lock lips with Tony, and Tony welcomes him with parted mouth and hot breath pushing life into Steve’s spoken commitment to their future.
The whale floats towards him, body undulating and almost graceful. It’s maw opens wide, saliva sticking to its teeth as it shrieks at him, and Tony dives into its darkness. As he does, he releases several missiles from his legs, shredding through what counts as a digestive system for an alien.
“Yes, yes I thought of it, ok? In my workshop, over the bench, your fat Alpha cock pinning me, nowhere to go, nothing to be but yours!” Tony spits the words with something like hate in his voice, but by the end he sounds hoarse, broken as he finishes.
Tony looks like he wants to argue. His lips are pinched in a thin line and he opens and closes his mouth a few times.
“Hurry up. You’re taking too long.” Steve lets out a breathless chuckle and obliges. With one finger in, he feels Tony’s ass quiver and clench around him. There’s enough room for two, and he slips another in beside it, the pads of his fingers glancing off the soft walls of Tony’s insides.
“What if this is it? What if I turn into an Omega?” Steve turns around, delighted that Tony is asking this question of his own accord. Tony doesn’t spare a glance for Steve’s arousal.
“Dammit! My processor is leaking voltage. JARVIS, I think this thing has fallen prey to cosmic rays, the kind that do not turn you into a superhero. Why does hardware have to be persistently hateful?” Steve smiles as Tony kicks the side of the machine and continues mumbling, something about seducing someone on the compiler team.
“This is just animalistic need. That’s all this is and it ever was.” The words are out before he can stop them, crisp and cutting. He doesn’t regret saying it. He doesn’t.
The only thing that interrupts their life is Tony’s work on producing more of Steve’s antibodies and monitoring Clint. It’s a small price to pay.
“If you had come up at the proper time, instead of making me come to get you, I would have made you lunch. Now you can make it yourself.”
He’s furious as he walks upstairs to clean up after breakfast. It’s an anger that lingers, and he accidentally crushes a plate in his grip. After that he paces, not sure where to go or what to do.
“Despite what you may think of me, I would never do it like this if you weren’t dying.” This. Tony, being this. Yeah, he knows all about how Captain America would never
“Is Tony unhappy?” He sighs, tries not to feel put upon and cornered. Rubbing the back of his neck, he waits for one of them to respond. They’re both looking at the other, Bucky chewing his lip and Nat waiting with a blank face.
“Uh, I’m just trying to understand more about omegas. I have a betrothal to one, and I’m trying to do right by him, but it’s been hard for me to understand what to do. I was taught some different things. And I just don’t want to hurt him.”
“No can do, Capsicle.” When the man looks up, Steve knows then that this is a Stark. He’s got Howard written all over him, with something more glinting in his eyes and swimming under the smile on his face. Howard had been an attractive man; a womanizer, but still beautiful. This person, some relative of his, is effortlessly gorgeous. Steve wonders if he can seduce the man, because he’s not above it, if it gets him out.
“What do you want to happen?” Steve is still stroking cum onto Tony, dominating and admittedly arousing. Maybe just for this moment, Tony belongs to Steve. Wholly to him and them, and the joined flesh between them. Tony imagines walking out of here, hand in hand with Steve, the man smiling down at him with that beaming grin he gives Tony so infrequently. The one he’s free in giving to others, that he’ll now share with Tony.
The door opens and clunks behind him. It’s emptier than last time, and there’s a priest or brother at the front of the church tidying up the pulpit. It must be after some event, because he’s carrying some table cloths bundled in his arms.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Cap’s eyes are so blue, glittering and sharp. The intensity with which he’s looking at Tony only makes the ripple of his muscles stand out.
“Wait, I’m confused. Was it me who hit you? What right do you have to come in here and demand my forgiveness? I owe you
“I apologize if there is some confusion here, but Tony can’t change his habits that easily, and everything he does for SI now is necessary. He’s the lynchpin of our entire company. Every new design goes through him. He’s a genius, Captain, not a homemaker.” Pepper sounds concerned, and her smile falters a little.
The suit is practically humming with contained energy. Tony has always been reckless, and this is where Steve knows he’s got the other man. Control. It’s all about command over one’s faculties. Steve has eroded Tony’s, turned his boundaries into mud.
In any case, Tony catches the trail out the door and follows it. Steve has touched a wall here and there, and Tony drags his hand over where the prints are, feeling like he’s connected with Steve and his thoughts as he does. If Tony were Steve, where would he go? His brain is constantly leaping forward, trying to figure it out, situations ranking themselves from most likely to improbable—but he has to stick to the game. Scent is all he needs, and he buckles down, heading for the elevator where Steve’s scent ends.
Tony tells himself that Steve almost violated his consent. That maybe the man did. But inside he feels tremulous guilt, because if that’s what he could have from Steve, he would take it. He’d take every last bit of pain that Steve was willing to heap on him, because Tony was made to bear it. His jealousy rots in him; Barnes is with Steve right now, where Tony wants to be. He can acknowledge that now, and the reality that whatever Steve feels, it might be love.
“Love isn’t about deserving. It just is. And if he wants you despite these things, you just be damn sure you live up to it. Do you think you can do that?”
It was possible that it was only an omega thing, but Tony detested colognes and perfumes. And for as much as he hated them, he always had to show up to these gigs and endure it. He liked to scent people naturally, and all these artificial means and methods of hiding or accentuating scent caused his natural responses to go haywire. He didn't know how anyone dealt with it.
Tony is off like a shot, stepping into the bedroom with expectant glee, and then freezes as blood rushes to his cheeks as the scent of Steve’s come fills the air.
“I’ll sell my stocks and look into mutual funds.” Tony’s voice is mechanical, and the omega takes a hand to rub his forehead with. Steve feels tension loosen. Tony can be biddable; he just has to knuckle down on making sure Tony follows the rules, and eventually they will get there to a point where Tony is, if not a model omega, at least a passable model of one.
“Tony.” It wrecks him to see Tony like this, worn down and thin from indulging in nothing but coffee. Tomorrow is the day for pill four. He’s got to resolve this, before everything comes tumbling down.
“There’s no punishment. But where did you go?” Steve grips the countertop, asking God for patience. Reminding himself that the priest said that Tony’s choices are his own, and if he wants to sin, it’s Tony’s responsibility to deal with that sin, not Steve’s. It doesn’t make it any easier though when he wants to explode, pull Tony over his knee, and give the omega ample reason to never disobey again.
“I don’t think so, well, maybe. Maybe one person. But everyone else in my life is upset with me. They wouldn’t spit on me if I was on fire.”
The elevator opens and Tony holds back a keen. It’s one or both of them, their footsteps solid on the concrete, and he doesn’t know which he wants to escape more. He scents the air, and both of their unique smells fill his nostrils.
“We’ll talk tomorrow, sweetheart.” Steve reaches over and cups Tony’s trembling cheek before slipping into the covers next to him. Tony lets Steve wrap himself around him, arms enclosing Tony in safety. Their love hangs about them, as still as crystal and as fragile. It rains on them ever so softly, but it floods the river between them. Tony despairs that someday he’ll be overwhelmed with all of it, and he’ll fracture or drown. Needing something to survive that could also kill you is just his way of things. He doesn’t know how to stand close to fire without touching it. He doesn’t know how to have Steve without being consumed by him.
“Wait, what the fuck does that mean? You can’t just take him. He killed my parents, and he’s going to pay for every second he made them suffer. Don’t you dare go near him!” Tony aims his repulsor at Bucky’s head and quicker than he can think, Steve tosses his shield at Tony’s gauntlet, shattering the focus point of the repulsor. There’s no point in raising his other arm, as Steve will just stop him there too, and he grinds his teeth in anger. Steve is a fucking liar, and he doesn’t know what he’s talking about.
“I do mean it Tony, you’re amazing and I—I love you.” Steve feels the raw sensuality of Tony beneath him, how Tony’s pulse is fluttering inside his hot channel. The heat between them is scorching, and he feels that in the warmth, and he can’t tell where he ends and Tony begins.
He sucks in a breath. There’s a concern now about what he’s going to do with Bucky’s and Steve’s attention. Tony is getting hard from the thought alone that either alpha would consider him.
He feels this uplifted all the way to SHIELD, through his shower, and the moments before he goes to seek Natasha and Clint out. He’s going to use this opportunity to apologize to everyone who he’s inadvertently hurt with his behavior.
The specter of just what Steve could un-accomplish for Tony weighs heavily on him as the minutes stretch.
“You can and you will.” Tony has no more to say as the omelet is done and Steve is dishing it onto a plate. His omega looks at it like it’s going to crawl off and bite him in the face, and Steve wonders if all omegas are so dramatic about food. It’s not like he’s ever been around one for long besides himself, and he wasn’t really a great example.
, and they involve trying to help as many aliens as he can escape their shitty situations. But for now, his priority is their ship and whatever that Andorian can do for Tony to make it
“Yeah well,” he stares off into the distance, unwilling to contradict his friend’s misguided opinion. “I’m going to go try in the forest while I take a piss.”
, inside of me. Why don’t you understand that? Send me in alone, or with no one else. In fact, send me in now, and I can find Steve.”
Rhodey catches him on the way out, Carol a creepy little shadow behind him. Tony no more understands how these two are drift compatible than he understands how Steve and he are. Hidden depths.
Steve knows that as he’s on his way to meet with Natasha and Clint, that he’s trading Tony’s disdain for theirs.
He hears, and it makes him mewl with pleasure as it scratches across his brain. The wolf doesn’t thrust so much as rock back and forth, and before Tony can even parse out that he’s spreading his legs for this
“Ok, we’ll try to reverse engineer this. Why do you think omegas are what you said: flighty, insipid, vain?”
Tony turns his head to the side and pries his eyes open with sheer willpower, looking to Steve to see. Steve looks wrecked, his hair twisted up into the air from his hands running through it and a red-bitten pair of lips with bright rouged cheeks. It makes Tony warm all over that even Steve is into it, even if it’s just a favor he’s doing Tony. Maybe he’ll let Tony get on his knees.
“Kiss me. Hold me.” Steve approaches cautiously, and Tony looks up at him, eyes hooded and stormy with need. “Kiss me,” he repeats.
“Phil—?” Tony said, surprised at the familiarity. He’s either having Pepper field too many of his calls, or not enough if she still is on friendly terms with any operative at SHIELD.
“Given your personal health issues with regard to your designation, at this juncture we’d only like to use you as a consultant.” Tony didn’t let Fury stay in his space for long, rising up from the table and reaching for Fury’s hands to clasp them in a quick handshake.
“Ok, yeah Steve.” Steve’s hand is gentle but firm as it grasps Tony’s mostly hard cock. Tony hisses in a breath through his teeth and presses his heels to the floor, bucking ever so slightly into Steve’s grip.
“Things have changed when it comes to dressing up, Captain. It’s cool to pair sleek with casual. Besides, this is a judgment-free zone. I demand it.”
The transfusion is done in less than 15 minutes, with no time to spare. Clint wakes up once during, and Natasha shushes him as he asks to be put out of his misery. They’re all hoping this works.
Tony slams himself against the wall after he passes the corner, hands smacking roughly against the surface. Hopeless. They can scent him out wherever he is anyway, but he needs to catch his breath—catch his mind. There was a way out of this, but maybe he had passed it on the highway of this misadventure long since past.
than Bucky’s fingers, and Tony bucks instinctively, the invasion of Steve’s flesh a sharp burning pain inside him. He keens, high and sad, and begs Steve with his eyes to let up.
Steve makes a noise into Tony’s mouth that’s primal, base, and all too animal as he starts to ram himself deeper and harder. He pulls off with a slick pop from Tony’s lips, and Tony gasps out for air.
Tony pays for his drink and leads the Andorian out of the bar. One thing he learned early from this amazing Orion woman, was that you always bring them to your room, never anywhere else.
When Tony’s breathing finally evens out into sleep, Steve pulls off of him, ready to move back in an instant should Tony wake up and find him not there. The entire thing leaves him pensive and scared.
“Maybe that’s all you’re good for.” Steve pauses for an undetermined amount of time before he pulls his cowl off, and gazes down at Tony with now inscrutable features. He’s trying so hard to figure out what Steve is thinking while at the same time calculating his odds of being able to walk out of here with his several hundred-pound armor on his own strength, which he considers to be impossible. He has to get it off, has to leave this place.
“I’d say call me any time, but secret identity and all. Later!” Iron Man takes off then, swooping through the sky and soon becoming a little speck.
But sitting in a pit of self loathing wasn’t doing much, and he only allotted five minutes a day to think about his inevitable doom.
Almost immediately, he’s met with blasts from Chitauri weapons as they converge on his position. They slam him to the concrete again, and he rolls around to dodge more blasts.
“You’re truly evil if you think there’s anyone for me but Steve. I’d rather go alone in a jaeger than drift with anyone else. Steve is
“It’s closer to making sure Tony can do what he needs to get done without worrying, which sometimes is like babysitting, which—well, it’s not as bad as all that. He’s incredibly competent in the areas he’s an expert at, and the ones in which he’s not, he doesn’t bother trying to level up. It works for him, for us.”
Natasha runs. Weaving through the hallways, she jumps over carts and sends a few techs spilling against the walls.
“Not sure you do Stevie. I can forgive you this, but I’m not sure I can forget. You both can have the joy of each other.” Bucky walks out.
Steve extends his hand out as Tony takes it, pliant and suggestible. Just like Fury explained he would be. He leads Tony out the door, to the elevator, down to the garage where a car that has no GPS tracking waits. It’s SHIELD issued, and it’ll take longer to find than it will to bond Tony. By the time anyone looks, there won’t be a chance in hell that Tony isn’t Steve’s already.
“I’m sorry, I just, I didn’t know. I’ll look it up sometime.” Steve is embarrassed. Aisling looks down at him with something like pity and consternation on her face.
.” His wings spread themselves, wiggling this way and that, giving Steve as much encouragement as they can. For once, Tony and his wings are on board with the same objective, so he can’t be too upset with them.
“Don’t worry Rogers, I didn’t listen to you in the first place, and it’s not like you ever checked.”
“It’s none of your business what’s under my suit and clothes Fury, but if you wanted it to be, you only had to ask nicely.” Tony leered, resorting to sexual tension. No, he didn’t think it would work, but it was funny to imagine Fury discomfited under that smug expression.
“And break his heart when he’s already falling for you? You may be doing a monstrous thing, I don’t know at this point. But you care for Tony, and that’s enough for me to not risk his fragile heart. A heart you will take care of, if he gives it to you.”
“I guess that’s all I can ask.” They end lunch then, without eating. Steve isn’t hungry anyway. He wanders up to SI, looking at the tall building that’s all Tony’s. One of many, if the reports are to be believed. Tony has been managing this on his own with the help of Pepper and others, but Steve still thinks that Tony’s life would be better served not having to deal with all of this. Tony will be happy, eventually, with the rules that Steve is putting into place.
“Ha, gotcha,” he razzed, following the straps up higher, seeking the demarcation line of lace or satin along her hipbones, up and up, of course they’d be skimpy, maybe a little nothing-string thing he’d be taking home for a prize. His questing fingers found the lower points of her garter belt and she had to be shitting him--
They. The perpetrators. Far too sanitized and clinical a word. But the bottom line was, they didn't know yet who was responsible. Investigation... was a thing for some undefined
It was all part of the appeal, though, Tony's humor, and his leading-man looks, of course, and his... well, Tony was right here, solid and familiar along his side, and it didn't take being this close, anyway, for Steve to notice how he always smelled really nice, too. Like, today, a cool, woodsy cologne mixing with the tang of something subtly metallic from all his machines, but Steve didn't feel right saying any of that out loud.
Steve shuddered, a heavy groan pouring out of him, and his cock jumped. Tony echoed him at a higher pitch, pressed forward and swallowed Steve deep, lips clamped as tight as any cock-ring around his base, and looked up for the first time in... three quarters of an hour?
"Tony, I gotta..." It came out rusty, and he finished the sentence by sucking air through his nose and expelling it in a noisy gust, stopping himself before he messed this up.
The technology was a wonder, but pressing the tiny number keys several times to get to each letter drove him mad. So he tended to use the feature minimally, and keep his messages well under the short character limit. Checking in on Tony was worth the effort, though. It gave him something soft to think about that made him smile to himself, and melted down the rest of his unease in a way timed breathing couldn’t touch.
Hands -- Tony lowered one to trail through Steve's fine, gold hair, once, absently pleased by the liquid softness of the strands, before replacing the arm in its original position along the back of the couch. Steve whined faintly. Tony left it unaddressed; his conversation with the cybersecurity specialist seated to his left and the roboticist standing angled to face them never faltered. Nor did his gaze shift down or center. It was fascinating, and illicitly amusing, to hear them speak smugly of their work, never to realize that their cutting edges came reasonably close to matching his own advancements -- of several years past.
Tony caught him by the wrist, ignoring Steve's token resistance and reeling him in, back to chest, flush to his armored body.
"You're despicable. I despise you. I'm disgusted by what you've become." Steve marched up and spat the words in Tony's face, his watery blue eyes ablaze.
"Steve. Sweetheart. You've been so gooood," Tony crooned, his voice sultry with crushed-gemstone gravel.
He'd hurtle into the sky to do his part in saving the world or the city or someone's kitten and then crawl off to his lone wolf's den to lick his wounds and vomit up his guts and...
He shifted his weight like he was about to stand, and Steve pushed at his shoulder again. "No, no. Not dismissed. Leave denied. You're gonna deliver." He stomped out of his boots, then pushed his socks and his cargos and briefs the rest of the way off, removing the obstruction. "You get back down there and show me what the big deal is -- but if you make me miss who's responsible for switching out Kyla's and Twyla's babies, I'm gonna--"
Oh, right, the blindfold; he could do it himself, since the cloth had enough stretch to pull over his head with no need of fumbling for the knot. He blinked a few times, and refocused, and Steve was offering a solicitous arm for him to stand, but he bypassed it, standing stiffly, and also bypassed looking Steve in the face.
But Steve's touch was so warm, his palms and fingers seeming custom-molded to fit Tony's limbs. Tony's conscience wanted him to shrink away, while his skin wanted to divert more nerve-endings to the points of contact, to magnify the surface area, to hoard it in the highest possible concentration. He was proud that he didn't flinch, and he hated himself for the stolen enjoyment. The last thing he deserved was to derive pleasure from this, but the least he owed Steve was to minimize the damage, to avoid heaping him with any further hurt.
The man unslung his sarong and tossed the fabric over his shoulder, revealing a short, girthy cock that stood ready. He guided it into Steve's mouth, then tucked his hands out of the way behind his back. Tony could tell from the proportions that it was a comfortable fit, no strain at all to have his waxed-smooth groin nudged right up to Steve's nose. This one wouldn't make Steve work, but an easy job well done was as important as a demanding one. Not to mention, both the right and the ability were his alone, when it came to devising the challenges that could truly push Steve's limits
Steve shrugged and stepped up to the truck's deck, easily assuming the weight of one end of the thickly banded roll and giving it a pull. As smooth as any of Steve's combat maneuvers with Iron Man, Tony looped his arms underneath the middle, helping support the length as Steve backed it out, till he bore the other end. The truck rolled off, driver leaving them with a jaunty wave out the window that Steve, facing that direction, could see, even though Tony, with his back to them, probably couldn't.
Tony's hand stopped circling. He looked down; he looked up. He kept a straight face, mostly, but there were jumping-bean twitches at both of their lips.
known, had they guessed, Tony wondered, the sickening questions yawing and pitching through the gaping chasm in his mind. He thought, probably. He thought, it'd been win-win for them, strike down all of the Avengers and their community circle at once, or... leave the two of them stranded like this. Orphaned, amputated.
His eyes burned and his balls ached and all this immobility ran counter to his every instinct, but Tony hadn't said he could move, and he wanted to crawl out of his skin, and he was spoiling for a--
Steve was passive under Tony's other hand, and Tony was ready for a change of pace. He rolled to his feet, hauling Steve up and swiveling him around by the harness, then switched to a firm grip on the front-center ring. Steve evinced no sign of shakiness or muscle fatigue, though there was no reason he would. He stood docile and compliant, unfocused, but rock-steady.
Brightly lit with bare bulbs giving off a cool, blue-tinted tone, the restaurant was… about a quarter the size it appeared to be upon walking in, Steve realized, as he caught sight of his own double, and his vision compensated for the infinite-space effect of the mirrored back wall.
He took a hesitant step forward, hearing himself rambling so terribly and foolishly, his face hot and his body buzzing warm and cold in quick sparks and jitters, and he needed a damper, a ground, something to still him the way his hand against the edge could quiet the ringing of his shield.
Like every charismatic criminal, she hatched out her plots with the heinous voice of reason. Tell him, what man could resist her deviltry…
He saw it in the fall of Steve's face, when he'd hesitated too long, the air remaining empty of reply for too many moments, and the one that mattered was lost. He saw the instant when hope sputtered out, leaving Steve with the knowledge that what he felt was one-sided. Leaving him silent, glassy and still.
"There we are, a pair of old men together, still loving in the twilight of our days," he mused, his voice coming out strangely gentle. He smoothed his hand over Steve's cockhead, petting it, holding it nuzzled into his palm.
One thing Mr. Bassat hadn't named in regard to any of his wares was the price, and for this, Steve was grateful. All sensibilities of functional artistry aside, he knew he'd never bring himself to set foot upon any of them, and would cringe every time anyone else did, if he got wind of what almost certainly astronomical fortune Tony would be spending on today's purchase. He had no argument with the valuation of the artisans' time and skill, nor the merits of supporting the preservation of ancient techniques and traditions that had endured for hundreds, even thousands of years before the decades he'd lost. But where the modern-day monetization was concerned -- there were times when he simply didn't want to know.
Even that was eclipsed when Tony rolled Steve's exposed cockhead against the roof of his mouth, and flayed him with his tongue. He wielded it like a torturer's scalpel, licking razor-sharp lines around the ring of his foreskin and up the clefted underside, and honed it to a point, twisting at the raw opening of Steve's slit like he could screw it in down to the root and core the come straight out of Steve's balls.
Gut-punched with a new wave of arousal, his cock leapt back to life so fast it made his head spin. He took himself in hand, jacking mercilessly while he mouthed her through her orgasm till she was trembling and tucking her hips back and babbling out, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, enough, nomore…” in chunks like broken brickwork.
to be sitting there and getting comfortable and letting me spoil you, while you watch the rest of your show."
When he stepped through the door, a few seconds off the pace, Steve had the shower started, and was facing into the room. He acknowledged Tony with a turn of his head, his body following. He was grim-faced, lips pressed tight, and eyes hard, still wearing his full tac-suit, but several of the panels were unfastened, with straps dangling. Tony could see him tight with containing an unhealthy vibration, the set of his shoulders and the tilt of his head minutely awry, like mismatched parts all out of alignment and barely staying glued.
As Tony works he begins to get excited but he knows he shouldn't. *It's only lunch as friends, no need to get excited over nothing* Tony thinks sadly to himself. He continues to work and at 1:45 he asks Jarvis to save everything again and heads upstairs to get ready for their lunch date as friends. As time passes Steve is laying on the couch reading Technology for Dummies then he takes a look at the clock seeing that it's 1:46 and decides to get ready. He was super excited for their date *god it's not a date idiot* Steve thinks to himself as he gets ready thinking of how this date as friends is  going to go. Tony arrives first and finds a booth at the back of the café and waits for Steve. He looks around and understands why Steve liked the café so much, it looks like somewhere he would like to get coffee, why has he found this place before? Maybe he could come again with Steve? He gets lost in thought and doesn't see Steve arrive. Steve walks in and immediately sees Tony.
"So tell me about your life before, I mean if it's not too painful to talk about, that is" Tony says as they arrive at the park, Tony wanted to get to know Steve more now that they had a connection with night terrors and now that Cap will be on his floor and around him more, he might as well get to know the guy. Steve thinks for a moment and puts his hands in his pockets “well... I do art.” Steve says smiling at Tony “I used to do it all the time back in Brooklyn because I could barely leave the house. And I do it now for fun and to deal with stress.” Steve says as they walk.
Then he sees Steve at the top of the aisle "no it's just I have a boyfriend" and grabs a paint set and walks to Steve quickly before the other man can say anything "Steve thank God you are here, I need you to put your arm around me like we are dating! Please I'll explain later but do it quickly and let's get out of here" Tony whispers, turning to walk to the next aisle, looking back to see the man staring at him angrily.
Steve nods and makes his way over to Tony looking at what he's working on. His mind goes blank. He doesn't understand any of this. Steve smiles trying to hide his confusion "that's cool, what you're doing?" Steve says "even though I don't understand what you're doing" he says quietly. Tony looks up at him, he can read Steve like a book, he can see the confusion in his eyes. "Would you like me to explain it?". Steve looks at Tony and smiles "yeah that would be great" Steve says eagerly and takes a seat next to Tony. He smiles at him as if to say go ahead. "Ok now I just want to warn you, it is a bit complicated to follow along, pepper always stopped me and told me she didn't understand what I was saying, So here is what I'm doing.." Tony explains slowly, trying to make it simple for Steve knowing he wouldn't understand the full version of it. Steve nods as Tony explains and stares at him getting lost in his eyes instead of actually paying attention to what he was explaining. He knew he wasn't going to get it anyway. "and that's how I made this new modification.."
Steve lets out a shaky breath. He slowly reaches out to take Tony’s hand “you’re not the only one” he says softly as he takes his hand. Tony looks up at Steve, eyes shining with tears "Thank you Steve, it means a lot to hear you say that "Tony says. Steve nods “of course. I just... is there anyway I can help you?” Steve asks with concern “you can’t keep doing this Tony. What if there’s a mission and you’re too tired to think straight. You’re going to put yourself in danger.” Steve says “I don’t...I can’t see you like that.” Steve says his voice shaking “please let me help you” Steve says softly. Tony looks at Steve and his hand on his, blushing slightly. He then takes a shaky breath "Ste-eve thank you so much, you don't know how much this means to me, no one ever wanted to help me, not even pepper, Rhodey or my parents and for you to say this to me, it means so much to me" Tony says looking at Steve.
Steve walks to the other half of the store and get snacks when he passes by a R2-D2 plushie and sees the Star Wars tag. He thinks that Tony might like it so he puts it in the basket. Tony walks down the isles, picking up different snacks, when he comes across a painting set full of different colours and paint brushes *Steve will love this, he can make one of the spare rooms on my floor into a art room* As he thinks to himself some stands beside him
They continue with the marathon until 3am when they both fall asleep holding each other. Hours passed and Steve was in a deep sleep. His sleep was peaceful with Tony by his side. Tony wakes up and sees Steve fast asleep beside him *God he looks so cute when he sleeps* Tony thinks moving his arm to move some hair out of Steve's face *his looks so peaceful*
Tony laughs "hold on Cap one step at a time, wait until we get there in our relationship Tony jokes but he imagines Cap in his bed holding him after one of his nightmares, he blushes at the thought. Steve realizes what he said and laughs “sorry I didn’t mean it like that” Steve says quickly trying to cover his slip up. But blushes at the sight of tony blushing. Tony smiles at Steve "I know what you mean Steve, it's ok" Tony finishes off his latte "So what do you want to do now? Go for a walk or go back to the tower?" Tony asks. Steve thinks for a moment “well if we go back to the tower you are just going to go back to your lab and lock yourself in there so... I think a walk is best for the both of us.” Steve says and smiles. "Ok let's go" Tony says making his way to the door, the head outside and unspokenly they walk towards Central Park.
Steve is sitting in the kitchen reading a newspaper trying to get his mind off of Tony. It didn’t work...it never does. Steve sighs. *How do I even know that he likes guys? He never talks about those type of things* Steve thinks to himself and looks up when he hears footsteps walking towards the kitchen. Tony walks in, yawning, he hasn't had his morning coffee yet. As he enters the kitchen, he sees Steve, deep in thought, at the table with a newspaper in his hand. *A newspaper! Cap is really living in the 40's, doesn't he know we get the news on our phones and television!* Tony clears his throat to let cap know he was there.  Steve looks up and smiles “don’t make fun of me for reading a newspaper. I don’t know how to work the TV” Steve says and laughs. “Maybe you can teach me?” Steve asks, getting lost in Tony’s eyes again. "ugh yeah sure, but first let me get my morning coffee, I'm going to die without it" Tony sees Steve looking into his eyes and quickly turns away to make his coffee, blushing. "So cap did you help any old ladies while on your morning run? Pick up a few dates with any of them?" Tony turns to wink at Steve. Steve's cheeks turned slightly red when Tony winked at him “I didn’t see any old ladies Tony” Steve says playfully and smiles his mind wondering “you really need to get some sleep...” Steve says looking at Tony’s dark circles. "yeah well cap, unless you have a cure for nightmares? I don't think I'll be sleeping like a baby anytime soon" Tony says before sipping his coffee. *Should I ask him now? No maybe later? Ugh, just ask him!* "Hey Steve? I was won-"
The room is beautiful.... it's empty but Steve knows how he's going to decorate it. He can already imagine it. He's going to hang up some of his art and Tony's too if he decides to try it out with Steve. Steve changes into a hoodie and a pair of joggers and walks out of his room to get the pizza ready. He still had the almost kiss on his mind. He smiles thinking about it.
Then it hits Steve. He's never been on a date before. Steve shakes that thought from his mind *Tony said as friends, not a date. God, I'm getting way too excited about this. Why would a millionaire with tons of models following him everywhere, want to be with me? An almost 100-year-old lab experiment who doesn't even know how to work a coffee machine.* Steve thinks to himself, sadly.
Steve nods “it’s okay Tony. You don’t have to apologize. I don’t blame you for not knowing.” Steve says and smiles from how they were holding hands. It felt so natural to him. “You are going to get sleep tonight Tony. Your mental health is important. Is there any way that I can help you sleep?” Steve asks. "Uh I don't really have experience with this or with anyone so um I don't know" Tony says while scratching his head "Maybe you could em..stay with me? I mean em...you could stay on my floor in my spare room and Jarvis could wake us if one of us is having a nightmare or a night terror? If you don't want to, I mean it was all of a sudden and completely out of nowhere, you can say no, it's no problem, I mean why would you?" Tony rambles on forgetting to let Steve answer.  Steve laughs “that sounds like a great idea Tony.” Steve says “I could sleep in the same room as you.” Steve says and smiles not realising that he’s basically saying that he wants to sleep with Tony.
They continue walking "I think it's time to head back, it's starting to get really cold, maybe we could watch a mov- ahh" Tony slips on a patch of ice and falls on his back but grabbing Steve arm pulling him, Steve is startled by him grabbing his arm that he stumbles and falls on top of him, his face inches from his and as Tony turns to apologise for grabbing, their lips slightly touch "oh em I'm uh I'm really sorry uh Cap" Tony says awkwardly looking away, blushing like mad.
Tony looks up at Steve and sees him staring at him, he turns away so Steve couldn't see him blush. "is there something on my face?" Tony starts to feel a bit self-conscious as he looks back at Steve. Steve quickly shakes his head and looks back at what Tony was working on "no no you're fine" Steve says and slightly blushed. "oh I thought..never mind" Tony says clearing his throat. He turns to Steve and sees his cheeks slightly blushed. *He looks so cute when he blushes, God I just want to kiss him. No Tony! Focus, besides he wouldn't go for someone like me anyway*. Steve stares down at the table fiddling with his hands. He can see Tony looking at him from the corner of his eye and blushes even harder, his heart pounding fast. He never felt this helpless with love before. Not even with Peggy. I see his cheeks darken or maybe it's the lack of sleep? I haven't slept properly in 76 hours so I say it could be that. *maybe I should just try and ask him out? I mean what could happen, he'd say no and I'd die of embarrassment or he'd say yes and we'd live happily ever after?* "So Steve I was wondering if you-" I was cut off by Jarvis announcing that pepper was calling me and that it sounded important. Steve smiles “you can ask me later. Pepper needs you.” Steve says and feels a pain in his chest.  Does Tony like Pepper? Are they a thing? Steve was in love with Tony even though it might not happen because he already liked someone else.
Feeling warm, Tony snuggles into Steve and dreams a nice dream about him and Steve. Steve continues to watch  the movie until The Return of the Jedi. The part comes when Vader reveals that he is Luke's father and Steve jumps up in surprise, forgetting that Tony was asleep “oh my god!” He says in surprise. Tony is awake when he feels his body hit the floor "what the hell Steve?! Ow my back and head hurt" Tony says trying to untangle himself from the floor, he staggers upright and looks at Steve. Steve looked at Tony and gasped “oh my god I’m sorry!” Steve says “are you alright?” Steve asks feeling terrible *God, I’m an Idiot. Push your crush to the floor... smart thinking* Steve thinks. "uhh yeah I'm ok, just warn a guy next time" Tony says rubbing his head, sitting back on the couch "so what got you so startled?" Tony asks. Steve frowns at Tony's obvious head pain. "Vader is Luke's father" Steve says his voice lightens up "how?! Obi-wan said that Vader killed his father!" Steve says confused.
His heart beats faster and he walks over and sits in the booth seeing Tony admire the place "hey Tony. The place is nice isn't it?" Steve asks, smiling brightly. Tony jumps at the sound of Steve's voice "oh Steve! hey, yeah I was just admiring the place" Tony says look at Steve *he looks so good, ugh God I wish I could just kiss him or do something with him, but no I have to stop thinking about that!* Tony turns his focus to the menu "So what do you recommend Cap?". Steve smiles "well if you would like something heavy I recommend the Dark Pirates coffee but if you want something light I would just recommend the frappuccino." Steve says "oh and if you order a latte they let you pick a design to make latte art" Steve says already getting lost in Tony's eyes. “Oooo I'll get the latte then and what would you like? I'll go and order them" Tony smiles at Steve and starts to turn out of the booth to make his way to the counter. "Oh I'll have the latte too. That's the best part of this place." Steve says his voice light and happy. *god this is already great...* Steve thinks to himself *he's great*. “What latte art do you want?" Tony says sliding out of the booth and standing beside the table. Steve smiles and thinks  "you know what... just surprise me" Steve says fiddling with a sugar packet. "ok Cap, be back in a second" Tony walks to the counter and orders two lattes.
Steve looks at Tony and blushes slightly at Tony calling him cute “sorry to wake you... were you sleeping well?” Steve asked, wanting to know if his company helped Tony sleep. "Hm oh yeah you are like a human hot water bottle, I haven't felt that good in years" Tony says as he grabs the blanket gesturing for Steve to sit down again so he could snuggle up to him again. Steve smiles softly with a slight blush and sits down again holding his arms out “glad I’m helping” he says as his heart flutters.
"And what art would you like on your latte, Mr Stark?" The barista asks Tony "Can I get Captain America's shield on mine and Iron Man's helmet on the other please" Tony asks, smiling to himself "Ok one moment please" Two seconds later, to lattes with perfect drawings of Caps shield and Tony's helmet are placed in front of him, he hands them $50 "keep the change" Tony's says while walking back to their booth "There you go Cap, one latte" Tony says as he puts Steve's latte, with the Iron Man helmet in front of him and sitting down in front of him again. Steve sees the Iron Man helmet design and smiles brightly "oh my god this is great" Steve says amazed on how perfect they got the helmet. Steve then looks at Tony's seeing the Captain America shield and laughs "that's so cool" Steve says happily trying to hide a blush *god this is like one of those cute things that couples do...* he thinks to himself.  Tony watches Steve's reaction and thinks he looks so cute *this is such a couples thing, I wish it was real* Tony thinks.
Steve’s face goes red and his heart beats like crazy, startled by Tony’s sudden fall and flushed from how close they were. Steve freezes as he swears their lips might have touched. He brushes snow and ice out of Tony’s hair “it’s okay...um are you okay?” Steve asks, feeling upset to move off of Tony. But he kind of liked it. "Uh yeah I'm ok I think, might have a bruise on my ass but I'm fine" Tony says still not looking Steve in the eye, Steve still hasn't gotten up off him but he found he didn't mind other that his trousers were getting soaked "Em Cap? As much as I love you being on top of me, my trousers are getting soaked so could you please let me up?" Tony says blushing hard again. Steve shakes his head “I’m so sorry.” He says as he gets up and pulls Tony up with him.
"Well hello, aren't you handsome!" Tony jumps looking at the stranger, surprised to see him there. "uh excuse me?" Tony says confused, he never met this person before "I said aren't you handsome, you look so beautiful it's hard not to look at you" Tony starts to get uncomfortable, he may have been a Playboy but he was never used to he attention, he steps back "um thank you but uh-" Tony stammers looking around, there is no one in their isle "How about a date gorgeous? Maybe I could see how beautiful you are under those clothes?" The stranger smiles mischievously "Uh n-no thanks" Tony starts to feel really uncomfortable now wishing Steve would show up "What?! the great Tony Stark, the Playboy, king of one night stands “doesn’t date” ?" Tony looks around again *Where is everyone gone?*
Tony looks at Steve and feels something possesses him to kiss him, he leans forward again and kisses Steve for what feels like forever but eventually pulls away and says breathlessly "I've wanted to do that for a long time". Steve smiles his heart jumping out of his chest. God that was amazing. Steve smiles brightly and cups his cheek “really? Even though I’m not one of your showgirls?” Steve plays around raising an eyebrow. Tony blushes and leans into Steve's hand "Steve I have loved you since I was 8 years old and still do to this day, of course I'd love you even though you aren't one of my showgirls" Tony says leaning in to kiss him again "Steve would you like to go on a date with me? It's ok if you say no" Tony says after kissing him.
It was so hard seeing Tony like this. He should have let him get about his business instead of keeping him here and making him explain.
It wasn’t an hour ago he’d thought he might end up with just this kind of tiny trophy to take home. Finding her in no panties at all the very moment later had been hot as fuck, but now he also regretted not having seen what the single line of red would have looked like amidst the gold. Making this her parting gift -- it was almost like she’d read his mind. Well, he supposed it wasn’t all that unusual a kink.
She was right (she was always going to be right, he was learning fast); the room was a sauna, the tailored slacks were cut two sizes too small, and he had to get himself out of the damned things.
Steve's other arm wormed its way underneath Tony to wrap around and hold him in place. Steve thrust into him, precise and controlled, his pace as measured with his cock as he'd been with his fingers.
“Earning the bucks… superstud…” She upped the stakes. “Make it… double if you… come again… so I can see…”
Starla might like flouting rules and stereotypes, but her potty break took way longer than he’d needed to get his knife out and take a leak. He slouched against the wall halfway in between till she reappeared, directing him to a flight of stairs located further down the hallway. Here, the construction shifted from metal to wood, and the hollow tread of their footsteps became spatter-edged echoes blooming up around them at every riser.
Tony chattered on as if his voice were continuing the arrested motion of his feet. His rollicking babble was pleasant and relaxing, too.
He ached, he prickled, his throat was stuck to itself, his stomach a sinkhole, his head spinning with white noise and a black pit.
-- and fractured, bursts of dark, heavy fire searing his veins and setting him aspin, striping dizzying slashes of blackened red in false vision on the backs of his lids.
However puzzling Tony's behavior, it did nothing to detract from his elegant figure. Tall, slim, and dynamic, he wore his fitted, eggshell-white shirt tucked into neatly creased and impeccably tailored black slacks, his sleeves folded back over wiry forearms, and collar tantalizingly open at the throat.
Shower, work, sleep, and food. And not thinking about Steve. Those got Tony through the next two days. When Clint called to ask if he had a few minutes, he walked into the common room, and almost walked right back out again when he found not just Clint, but Steve, waiting there. Team business, though... he squared his shoulders and made himself stay.
Stay quiet. Soak in Steve's attention like a sweet, slow-acting poison, and leave it till later for his future self to drag himself away in the aftermath, to sweat and shiver, agonize and purge. Expunge.
Tony's hands stilled. His head dropped and his shoulders drooped. He looked as poured out from under his skin as Steve felt. Listing heavily to the side and letting his weight fall onto one hand, he ended up half-reclining as he lowered his backside to the floor. Oddly, he proceeded to use his other hand to help pull his legs the rest of the way around in front of him, before flopping to his back on the carpet with a pained groan, and contorting his face through a strange series of expressions.
"You're right, Tony, me too. I think it's exactly what I've been looking for. I didn't even realize how much I've needed a--"
The hard, gleaming expanses were acoustically reflective, too, making it trickier to pinpoint sounds to their sources, especially with visual cues already partially displaced. The
One direct hit could have atomized the building and everyone inside. Instead, they'd sent a pair, guided to two points at just enough distance to turn the surrounding meadowside into a heaving pit, demolishing the stone-hewn structure in a fountain of roaring rockfall.
She was all game, pushing right back, but the give and spread of her cheeks was hampered by infuriating layers of cloth that blocked him from where he wanted to be, deeply cradled within her cleft.
Steve wasn't the only one who liked to kick at molehills and bicker over minutiae. They needed some of those to make up for the mountains.
She laughed again, but less unkindly. “Have no fear, there’s no chance of mistaking your rebuffs for flirtation, not from where I’m sitting.” She looked him up and down with a covetous gaze. “You’re impassable as a brick wall, and one I wouldn’t have minded hitting, full speed and full force!”
Steve dropped back to Tony's shoulder, assuming that their actual business could begin now. He still had no idea what they were here for, or what he was to help Tony pick out.
Tony swallowed again, a rippling stroke and squeeze around the crown of Steve’s cock. Steve moaned, and Tony did it again, his throat clicking through a long, constricting pull. Spit was streaming out the corners of his mouth more profusely than before, but he didn't look up or back off.
They finished stripping with eyes that wavered between wounded and dead, that grazed and slithered away from one another like beads of mercury, tantalizing and toxic.
Now he and Steve were split asunder where they should have been joined in love and joy. The objection had been heard. The peace had not been held.
“Well hellooo, aren’t you a real U.S.D.A. Prime cut? Tell me, beefcake, do you have a preferred pickup line, or can we just consider my claim to be staked?”
"Babies," Steve repeated, incredulous. What a wiseguy. "Who gives a rat's ass. I had better things to think about. Like getting my
Tony licked his lips and it streaked straight down, jumping to Steve like lighting to ground, like a small warp of space had linked Tony’s tongue direct to the tip of his dick.
She snickered, going sly. “Oh aren’t you just the sweetest thing. Are you really so naive? You can’t actually think that ever stopped anyone from having a good time.”
"You think you can fool me? I know you, Steve. I know all of you. Intimately, inside and out." Low and menacing, Tony spoke with his lips to Steve's ear.
She was eyeing him over the back of his hand, looking far too amused. “Starstruck? I have to admit, that’s more the kind of reaction I’m accustomed to. Perhaps you do know who I am, after all.”
“The upstairs lounge -- private party,” Steve heard her say to the host in a commanding tone that cut through the general hubbub, appropriating the man’s hand at a particular angle that indicated the passing of a tip.
Steve, who had grown up on drugstore thrift and then army PX, came to know scents like colors: sandalwood, sage, eucalyptus, melon, mint, lilac, lavender, and a multitude of others.
Under the cloth, he felt a small, hard lump resting along the divot of her solar plexus. He outlined it with his thumb, finding the shape of the secret she wore against her skin, and felt her quake. Through a fold of fabric, he curled his hand into a fist around it, rubbing at the token as he rammed into her. Right now, he owned her, secrets and all.
"Oh, sugarbear, honeypuff, that whole thing about not seeing each other the day of the wedding is nothing but an old wives' tale -- and if you hadn't noticed, there's not a
But the portrait the media painted, in garishly edited sight-and-sound-bites, wasn't the same one Steve did.
"I know. Good of the many, like I've ever refused that price. Hell, good of the ten, or the three, or the one, you know I'm the first to fling myself in the path. Except when you are."
After completing their guided tour, Mr. Bassat took his leave, with their thanks, to let them browse and deliberate.
Speaking of stretching… He held her open from the left, thumb hooking deep into her crease; folded all but his first two right fingers, and circled them around her rim, finding it soft and giving and dragging open when he pulled the pads down across. A barely adjusted angle had the middle one pressing right in, and her hole took it down to the last knuckle in a loose, careless slide, no resistance at all.
He was rattled and riled, biting down on his teeth so hard his jaw hurt, his eyes squeezed shut with pools of crimson splattering the backs of his lids.
"Yeah, yeah," sandy-hair was already beginning to chant, kicking short, sharp thrusts into Steve's mouth. Steve's blood beat under Tony's fingers, the tendons of his neck corded cable-taut. He could feel the uneven, upward stretch and release he knew stemmed from Steve's tongue moving, soaking and rubbing the guy's cock while he sucked in long, strong pulls.
With a not-quite-smooth press of past-five-o’clock cheeks and a whisk-brush of mustache, they’d swayed, in a rhythm out of sync with the thump of their hearts, in small ongoing movements. They’d made no excuses to stay close and soak up the structural solids of hands to broad backs, ribs, and spines, laced together in comforting dovetails, flush-fit tongues and grooves sliding easy when mouths finally joined, lapped, aligned.
Tony gave him a jaunty wave. "Morning, Cap. Oh, that's right, not Cap anymore. Well, always Cap to me. Here for another round of murder threats? Got some good ones? Hit me, your last set felt a little flat."
; in this state, breathing was about the only thing Steve would continue to do without explicit instruction.
Tony watched their guest settle in, listening to the shift in Steve's breathing as one access to his airway was partially restricted. "Seal your lips," he directed. He had to be responsible for
The combined impression left him itchy and on-edge, unable to dispel a sense of vulnerability to attack from any direction. It reminded him of days marching through fog, nerves strung tight on high alert to the possibility of impending ambush, yet knowing full well they’d never see it coming till it was upon them.
"How the hell did you find out about--" Tony snapped his mouth shut and dropped into the nearest chair, bracing his hands on his knees.
She pushed both hands down her body from chest to mid thigh, pausing at the apex of her legs to triangle her thumbs obscenely. “
A free shot of Extremis 3.0 for everyone, via the punch bowl -- no one had best dare to impugn Tony Stark's generosity -- and the Saturday night after-party for the weekend's tech conference was in full swing.
The darkness amplified all of his other senses, even seeming to heighten the resolution of the haptic data flowing in. The totality enmeshed him in a tapestry of sensation, embroidered in vivid threads of the armor's intense vibrations cupped around his cock, the zinging jolts through his prostate that spiderwebbed up and down his limbs, and Steve's swollen shaft, furiously straining in his hand.
The body beneath his hands broadened and firmed. Everywhere. On the makeshift mirror, and in the high resolution of the camera view, Steve's hair went from colorless to golden; his skin lost its ashen hue, and his eyes regained their brilliant blue, like a saturation slider moving from dull to vibrant. His unwrinkled face twisted into a roar, but Tony had him by the throat, and by the balls, and the sound was cut off to a furious rumble in his arching chest. His cock, fully hard now, leapt in Tony's fist.
Hooooly mother, what a woman. He’d never been so thankful that he was at liberty to accept her proposition.
A dark, possessive thrill unfurled through his chest. Roger was used to being free-wheeling and spontaneous, but always remaining in control. Starla DeWard was outside of his experience and, frankly, probably out of his league, but so help him, he knew he could use his body to wring the pleasure from hers, to light them up and appease the depths of their lusts.
He swallowed again, salivating like a damned Pavlov dog. Gave himself a shake like one, and remembered the trick of speaking, if half an octave lower than normal.
DUM-E whirred quietly, like a bird expressing disdain with a ruffling of feathers, but remained in place when Tony stood with a groan for stiff knees, dusting off his thighs and stepping quickly back toward the workbench.
It was Tony's turn to look self-conscious, shrugging and shoving a hand through his hair, mussing it into further (
Steve laughed, a little self-conscious, not so accustomed to openly showing physical pleasure beyond basic satisfaction or relief. This seemed so... wanton. Sensual. He felt himself blushing, and cast his eyes down, his glance falling on his feet, which under the unaccustomed scrutiny, seemed suddenly disembodied and alien. He shifted his gaze to trace the angles and stripes leading away from them, but it only led his line of sight toward Tony's feet and toes, and that wasn't comfortable, either. Bare feet had never seemed so naked, or intimate. He stuffed his hands in his pockets and chewed on the inside of his cheek.
"I'm sorry if I couldn't live up. Probably better to have the disappointment over now, than before we... made the mistake of dating, or anything." It was hard to say the words for what might once have had a chance to be. "You're a great guy, Steve. A real catch. You'll find someone who can love you back the way you deserve."
She looked like she was ready to go; but for his own shoes, tie, and jacket, the work of a minute or two, they both had themselves reassembled.
"Roger, fuuuuuck,” Starla moaned, shoving back as if he had any more length to give her. “You’re in me so deep I feel like I swallowed you.”
Blurrily, he realized that Steve had no way of following the rail-switches of his thoughts, but it didn't matter. The disappointment, the reproach, the resignation, all etched an extra layer over the grime and exhaustion already smearing the geometry of his features.
All of it ran perfectly integrated in parallel with his organics, interfaced via extravagantly allocated bandwidth to his pleasure centers, lighting him up in a perfect feedback loop.
Steve laughed shakily. "Ah, nothing, really. It's just, I still don't really get why... Why this, today, the whole thing." He gestured, encompassing the room, the floor, the two of them. "The shop, the... why you even asked me to go."
He heaved a sigh and pivoted back around, pasted on a smile, and forced himself to meet Steve's eyes for
It felt matched with the light shivers of Tony in his arms as they mutually explored from shoulders to waists, hands tracing sleekness and curves through shirt cotton.
"Never mind, Steve, sorry."  He scrubbed a forearm across the lower part of his face, wiping away the remaining spit-shine. "I just wanted to try something new and nice for you. Thought it might be relaxing. You work hard, you play hard--"
Pounding water debrided the scorched-earth remains of their matrimony. A silty pool rose slowly over their feet, the detritus sluicing off them faster than the pummeling streams could drive it down the drain.
He ducked back to Steve's dick without further ado, replacing hand with mouth once more, crawling his fingers up Steve's thighs to sit in the creases of his hips, and starting up a sensual massage with the flat of his tongue.
Maybe he’d see her again. Maybe at the dedication ceremony, or there’d be some kind of function to honor the benefactors… But no. Roger knew better. Janet’s repeat-client relationship with François-the-fitness-trainer wasn't the same. He and Starla were from different worlds. It was best to leave things like this one-and-done, equal-opportunity wham-bam-thank-you-sir-and-ma’am, a gratifying experience for all, with no expectations and no--
If he could do it for one genius billionaire on an endless quest for redemption -- just by sheer force of belief, make Tony feel that rock-solid sense of rightness for his place in the world -- then he could do it for Tony's wire-crossed helper-bot, too.
Relaxed and dreamy, it didn't matter if the question made much sense or how he replied. But for Tony, he was all willing, with nothing to refuse.
Usually he'd have shifted positions a couple times by this point in his viewing, crossed and uncrossed his legs, gotten up for a piss or grabbed a snack, and if his dick took an interest in anything, stuck his hand down his pants and rubbed out a rough one to blunt whatever edge had the thunder rolling in his ears.
He redoubled his efforts, slurping and tonguing her all up and down, her crotch thrusting fast and frenzied into his face. She was whipping winds, rising in pitch to a storm warning, till the air sucked out and she stalled and flooded slick, groaning deep and guttural, and gushing a hot splash across his face.
Half out of his mind, arching against the back of the couch with his chest thrown forward, Steve writhed under the lash.
He knew, he truly believed and understood, that it wasn't healthy to hide from changes that had occurred while he'd been in the ice. He’d accepted this future as his lifetime, and even with the passage of a few years now, he was continually working to embrace it.
Shoulders to the wall, Tony arched, with half-bent arms flexed, fisted, wrists crossing, held over his rolled-back head, his abs and ribs thrown into sharp relief.
Hurt flashed across Tony's expressive eyes, dimming their sparkle, and, dammit, that wasn't what Steve was going for, not at all.
They spent a few moments freshening up, dropping the used wipes into a waste-paper basket tucked between the couch and one of the side tables.
to. He couldn’t go home empty handed, not only letting down Tony, but failing the families of the community.
Mercilessly, Tony sucked and swallowed him through his orgasm till his throes subsided, avidly licking him shiny and clean of come. Finally, Steve hit a threshold and it was too much, falling back into the couch with a muttered, "...
She shot him a sidelong glance, but he kept his poker face, unwilling to reveal whether that had been a slipup or a deliberate provocation. “Lead the way” evidently denoted placing her hand in the small of his back and escorting him across the restaurant floor, all but emptied out at this point, till they reached the kitchen corridor.
Steve had let things go on like that all the way till just now, when the station had cut to commercial, and he'd had enough of having
His man was such a fainting maiden. Steve heaved out an affronted sigh and rolled off the couch and onto the carpet, which was springy and soft, like a bunch of little brushing fingers. He gathered Tony up and pulled him into an unresisting sprawl half across his chest and tucked under his arm, limbs shifting and slotting into their well-rehearsed grooves.
"I am content to remain wholly discorporeal as I am, sir, as I do believe I would make a very unpleasant supervillain."
Ahh. There was not a single thing for Roger to find unflattering about that. Who could get anything but an ego boost out of being directly compared to Cap?
he didn't need to be shielded, but anything coming at him, Steve still wanted to hit it first, hit it harder, hit it again, till it never got back up.
Now he had his submerged, throbbing erection, Tony's sweat-tufted hair and tripping pulse, and the tiny finger motions still playing against his right thigh, all timed against his own heartbeat. An unrealized band around his lungs loosened, and he sank into the cradle of the couch, of Tony's mouth, of the close wet heat blanketing his extremities, of the fluttering, staggered rhythms drawing diagrams in the blankness of his mind. They were ciphers he could nearly decode, patterns and cycles he could almost predict, but they would never quite repeat, a series of soft resets that held Steve suspended between endless intervals and gentle reminders of elapsing time.
Shaking his head, Tony gave what seemed to be an oft-repeated reminder. "Still no 'mister' about it,
She erupted into peals of laughter that proved contagious. When their last guffaws died down, she stretched elaborately, and settled with an elbow resting across the top of the papasan and a hip cocked, looking deliciously fucked out and relaxed. “Oh, baby. Consider my account
Tony hastened away, ignoring Steve calling his name, other than to call back over his shoulder: "Burn those."
"Oh, don't be stuffy, Steve, come roll around with me on the floor," Tony carped, wrinkling his nose.
With a sauntering step, he walked to the bar to mix himself a drink, grabbing a bottle of water -- his own label -- while he was there. "Oh, dear me, How could you let me forget. Before you go..." He deactivated the rest of the modifications emulating Steve's serum-augmented musculature, and watched him deflate.
So that was it, then. She walked to the door, reached for the knob -- then made an abrupt detour, veering off toward the bar on the same wall, disappearing behind it briefly, and reappeared, holding two bottles of water.
The volume was going up. He could hear himself growling low and short around his mouthful, and Tony's moans grew higher, interspersed with blasphemies and calls to Steve and God. Mid-cry, his voice broke and his hips stuttered, and they'd long since disestablished any need to be polite. Steve wrapped his hands up and behind, clenching into the meat of Tony's backside to pull him in and spur him to his peak. He sucked in and sealed, working the length of his shaft once, twice, and a half more, and Tony was there, his body seizing, convulsing, ragged groans pulsing in time with the spurts of his release.
Tony played with Steve's dick and balls some more, and at Steve's throat, he flexed and relaxed his bicep, creating an unpredictable, fluctuating pressure, drinking in the non-verbal reactions through his entire sensor array. It was nice to hold Steve like this, relishing the thrumming tension in his body, hearing his breathing grow louder and more labored. It always had been, but there was an extra piquancy to it now, while Steve's spirit was so unwillingly weak to what his flesh still longed for. Tony felt a wave of nostalgia.
He wished he'd been in the armor when these alien bastards had come down, and blasted them to kingdom come for what they'd just destroyed.
He got a good little jump and startle out of Tony, and used it to shuffle them around to their sides, Tony wriggling with him. Then Steve leaned in for a kiss, bringing the less-sharp edges of their tongues to meet. It was sensual and undemanding after their earlier conflagration, neither moving to take it past a simmer, but they hadn't hadn't kissed today, and Steve wanted one, and he savored the sweetness.
what you want. You call me a monster, but you come to me to see the monstrosities within yourself. You act like everything's changed so much between us, yet nothing's changed at all. You still need me to show you how to see yourself. Exactly the way it's always been, from the day we pulled you out of the ice."
“Only if you think you can take me,” he challenged right back. This was a chance of a lifetime, and like hell was he going to walk away from it.
He was going to put that expression back on her because he’d sated every measure of her want, left her glutted with it, filled and fulfilled her to overflowing.
"Out with it, Avenger," Steve ordered. Civvies or no, and no matter who was acting Chairperson, that was the voice of their Captain.
He caught himself watching her again, as she took out a tube of lipstick and a sliver of mirror, dabbing on a touch-up. She replaced those in her purse, then the purse in her inner pocket.
, he almost responded by reflex, the previous phrase the one he’d fixed upon despite her final theatrical hiss. It was a correction he still had to make fairly frequently to people who assumed when they saw his ring -- especially when his marriage was one of the heart, not yet one of the law.
Clint was sitting at the end of one couch, leaning with his elbow on its arm. "Thanks for coming, Tony," he greeted. "Haven't seen much of you guys since the, uh, aliens brought you back from the, uh, thing, the other day, and we, the rest of us, wanted to check in with you."
And then Steve could give Tony a nice rubdown, as thanks and reward for seeing to his needs so thoroughly. It was such poor form, after all, to skimp on the aftercare.
On one hand, Steve thought it a shame to hide the beautiful hardwood, but it wasn't a permanent installation, not tacked down or damaging in any way, and he couldn't deny that their new addition, with its silky tassels and striking pattern, added some real pizzazz to the room.
Not bothering to button his suit jacket, he skimmed it back with his elbows, his thumbs remaining outside his pockets as he tucked his fingers into the tops, holding the fabric of his slacks spread taut over the bulge of his groin. He wasn’t hard yet, just starting to fill out some, but in any state, he had plenty there worth drawing attention to.
"You are sure? I can design just for you, work in symbols to represent the household?" Mr. Bassat winked. "Themes for your 'Avengers'? The lovely 'Wasp' and steadfast 'Captain America'?"
Too blindsided to even wrap his arms around himself, Tony just stood there, wide open and defenseless, disembodied.
En route, they’d heard the booms and rounded the bend to destruction. Tony had skidded them to a screeching, fishtailing halt, and been knee-deep in rubble, scrabbling with bloodied fingers, before he’d realized that the sharper sound hitting his ears through the screaming of his own voice was Steve’s, shouting at him to call the armor.
Still so electric, he felt Tony caressing him as he came down. Over head, neck, and shoulders, a gentle rain of firm, knowing hands, the flow of soft-spoken words, and the water rinsing him clean of his mess. He sighed his satisfaction and made his legs straighten him back to his feet, and they sagged against one another. Their bodies were overheated, and they'd let off all their steam, and their hair was plastered to their skulls, and the rivulets running down their skin had turned sweat-brackish.
Sweat-drenched till the hellfire had boiled them down to salt-crusted skins, they'd dug through the rubble for hours, toiling and lifting, heaving stone and sifting through the grisly reduction, doggedly running to ground every last sign and spark of life that technology and supranatural senses could glean. It was putrid, soul-killing labor, an excavation that ground down skin, armor, and spirit.
Roger’s mouth flooded with saliva and the raw, desperate ache of want. His tongue suctioned to the roof of his mouth, way back where it turned into his soft palate, and then peeled off with a click and a loud liquid pop.
It didn't take long till they were meeting halfway, their combined movement sliding Steve's dick all the way home to the back of Tony's mouth at every stroke. Their entire motion slowed as it lengthened, becoming a deep, heavy fuck. Tony's lips stayed sealed in a tight ring along Steve's shaft, making the most of every inch, and humming out his urgings in a constant stream of rising inflections.
But shared in private were the embraces, the heavy, lazy tangles, the renewal and relief and shoring up against inimical weariness, that only body warmth inhabited by a best-beloved one could grant.
A white-suited host had stepped forward, indicating the offer of service with a discreet tilt of his head.
Oh. Right. That was one of the words Tony had meant and hadn't quite been able to get to. He crept closer again, not wanting to intrude, but also feeling a stretchy-pulling in his chest at not being a part of this, and he was mostly, like, 1000% and quintuple-redundant diagnostics sure -- you couldn't be too careful, ok? -- that it wasn't the arc reactor acting up. Even though that would probably be easier to troubleshoot.
Steve's weight sank into the bed behind Tony. Unnaturally even breaths hit the back of his neck. His knee was raised and pressed forward. A hand, wet with smooth, heavy liquid, slid into his cleft and rubbed at his opening. Tony knew how to relax for this. He matched his breath as best he could to Steve's regulated rhythm, and pictured the air as a release of tension from his muscles.
Even this many years later, what should have been two decades dull of the cutting edge, no one had ever made them like he had.
Hot and cold rushes darted feverishly up and down his frame, sensitizing random points, and drawing his nipples to hard peaks. A tremor wracked through him, ass and abs and shoulders, and he jerked his hands away from Tony to claw down into the arm and cushions of the couch, tossing his head back, teeth bared and heart pounding madly in his temples.
He rucked the dress back up above her waist to the sight of nothing but miles of elaborately criss-crossing gold straps and high, tight bare buttocks. Jesus fucking god, the goddamn little minx had waltzed right into this ritzy joint with no panties on.
She rolled her eyes in mock exasperation and waved him off. “Don’t spare it a thought. Totally worth it. You were so good, I can’t even take it out of your check. Besides, it’s tacky to wear these things more than once, anyway.”
He felt a little silly when it came to actually saying it, but Tony had given them both the out, the in, the way to get this said; Tony had risked it, and so could Steve, no less.  He breathed out, long and slow, feeling the truth of it like an aching sinkhole opening under his ribs and his heart hanging precariously, in danger of falling down and through.
Butterfingers poked at the shield, still sitting on DUM-E's base, and DUM-E vocalized enthusiastically.
That was another thing about Tony: his quickness to assume fault. Steve couldn't let him think there was any blame here to pin on himself.
the bit of science flitted across the background of his mind, still inadequate to explain the pull of watching her approach.
At the base of Steve's spine, tension was beginning to coil, and he pulsed and uncurled in Tony's mouth. Tony swallowed around him, resettling his jaw, humming quietly where Steve's cockhead now rested against the back of his throat.
Tony shrugged."Guess you didn't read the fine print. Times have changed. That agreement's expired. Null and void. Sorry, Steve."
Tony sighed, following JARVIS's holographic indicators around the lab to collect everything DUM-E had just "put away." He opened the mini-fridge to grab the safety goggles and scooped up the wire strippers from the mop sink, chucked the latter into the appropriate tool drawer and hung the former on the hook panel.
But when he’d marched out on his mission, Tony hadn’t been around that afternoon, the evening, night, nor till the next, past dinnertime. The wait of a day had felt more like a week, and -- no, it was foolish to think that Tony was avoiding him, just his own insecurity rearing its head, don’t overreact -- till he’d found out later, the truth of his instinct, and the sheer luck by which he’d caught Tony’s return from a dawn to sunset string of business meetings.
Once they'd showered together a few times more, Steve had learned it was all Tony diminishing the levels in those expensive-looking bottles. He selected his aromas like another kind of armor, like his bland to zesty ties: on a hedonistic whim, or as a statement for the day, from political seduction to corporate power play.
Frankly, Steve admired Tony a whole lot -- ok, it was fair to say he was a little sweet on the guy. But he'd say it to himself only, not to Tony or anyone else. It was private, a tiny ball of light he could enjoy keeping tucked away next to his own heart.
like my hot, wicked mouth wrapped around your hot, hulking manhood? That's not what you said last night.
Steve's breath was dragging in heavily, but he didn't answer. The response of his body was answer enough. In fact, Tony wanted to see more. He turned a drone toward Steve's front, and switched his vision to split-view. Steve's mouth was pursed tight, teeth digging into his lower lip, and nostrils flaring.
Steve found himself pushing for more, faster. Planting his feet in the thick carpet, he let his flexing thighs propel the thrust of his hips, making his body a pistoning machine. He cradled Tony's face, pulling him down and burying Tony's nose and forehead into the furrows of his stomach every time Steve's cock buried itself in the steamy pocket of Tony's throat. Every time Steve let off, Tony grabbed for air in dirty gasps, his clumped lashes springing open, and his eyes wide and hungry.
The bot minimally complied, raising his camera to the level of Tony's kneecap, and uttering a clipped chirp.
As they settled, Steve followed a stray thought, flinging an arm back toward the couch, fumbling for the remote control he'd left behind, and thumbing off the power button by feel. The drone of the ongoing drama playing in the background fell to silence, and he returned his arm to wrap around Tony.
Sinking to a squat with one bent knee up and one to the shower floor, he closed his eyes. This was all by feel, the fill of his mouth with blunt flesh, the steadying of Tony's fingers at his scalp, and the water running down at a pace that, in this, was matched to them both.
Resting his hands on the slopes of Steve's shoulders, Tony gripped hard into the thick muscle, simply for his own enjoyment of the texture. It would effect neither pain nor pleasure upon Steve; it took practically hammering at the man like metal at his forge to give him any kind of meaningful massage. They'd do that another time. Right now was for watching and being watched.
Roger pulled out, not even yet all the way soft. His knees hit the rug. His cock was smeared and sticky. He spread her open and lapped at the trickle of his come already oozing its way out after him. The earthy, bitter brine tasted better than any haughty cuisine. He speared his tongue into her loosened-up hole and licked his way around, stirring her into a nonstop torrent of whining breaths and whimpering moans.
After a short zip in one of Tony's prized roadsters, windows down to catch the breeze, they pulled up in front of an older but well-kept commercial-industrial row. Tony bounded inside with Steve trailing in his wake. Upon entry, the lobby looked more like an exclusive boutique, with ornate and tasteful lighting casting a glow over fine furniture and floor coverings, the whole room rich with deep reds and warm earth tones.
Steve wasn't sure about that inspiring order thing; life often felt pretty hectic and disarrayed to him, but he was glad if he could be of help to Tony, even if it was something he did without knowing how
He could tell Tony saw right through; he’d patted Steve’s damp, bare shoulder with a stingy palm, the same creaky lift to his elbow and wrist as his lips, weak, like he’d been watered down when he’d needed to be oiled. Steve could feel the strain where he’d seen Tony’s unsullied smile, mark the stiffness where he’d known his unstinting touch.
What was there to ask? As far as the rest of the team was concerned, Steve and Tony had been taken captive, freed themselves, and made a safe return. He'd write that in a report. At some point. Or had Steve already done so, and been a little too forthright with the details? Completeness vs personal information that concerned Tony's privacy, too -- which would have won out? Tony's hands and jaw were clenched. He tried to sound casual.
The water, too, made things rub and catch, more friction than slick, and the burn was doing it for him, building and driving him higher, wiring him through and through with whipcord silver. Panting and striving for it, his chest heaved, his fist flew, he hovered on the edge, hanging, holding,
The man himself burst through, attired in full SHIELD uniform, his ferocious glare exaggerated by the recent anti-makeover. Steve pretended not to be bitter -- about the aging, at least. It was less than obvious with his teeth already floating in a cocktail of vinegar and rue.
Grabbing himself with his right hand up high on the shaft, he slapped his cockhead down right over her tailbone, and dragged down into her cleft. A droplet of precome spilled from his slit in a liquid burst, smearing thickly between them, distinct even above the lighter wetness of the lube. He guided himself to line up with her hole, and pushed, feeling the loosened rim give softly under his bluntness, then stretch open around the head of his cock, till he breached, falling in and in and in like being swallowed by a sinkhole. He bottomed out in one endless, wet, sweet glide. holding there with his groin tight to her ass, run through by an uncontrollable pins-and-needles shudder.
It seemed like the room had hit a hundred percent humidity. Everything felt damp: the sweat trickling down his back, his spit-soaked cock and balls and the fabric beneath him, even the strands of Tony's hair under his hand.
Didn't matter, Tony would be furious to hear him thinking like this. Get his back up, all deadly cold-boiled in Steve's face, spitting a lecture about how he didn't need to be
Slumping down heavily against the chair back, Tony waved a hand in a vague gesture indicating an end to the conversation, and absorbed this information. What had he done to make his eager, playful bot-child feel so insecure? He'd always teased him with affection for his foibles; DUM-E knew that -- didn't he? That no matter how Tony grumbled and joked, no Ivy League halls could ever be hallowed enough for his baby, never mind the mock-threatened city college? That if Tony had wanted a bot to work in a factory, he'd have designed one for an assembly line to begin with? And even beyond thoughts of tasks and applications, didn't DUM-E know that Tony--
"That would be a sight to see, and they more than deserve the acknowledgment." Tony said with great sincerity. "I'll commission that from you another time, Salah, but I really want to take something home today." He smiled with self-deprecating charm. "You know how I can be impulsive."
God, there was something so filthy and sleazy about doing anal this way with a woman, having the kind of sex he would usually have with another man.
The bar ran the full length of the wall, and Steve had the only occupied seat. She could take her pick with no need to acknowledge or pay him any mind, and none for him to make stilted small talk. Still, with every step, the more obvious it became that she was homing in on him like north to a compass needle.
The urgency was building for him, too, his dick throbbing and his balls tight, that dizzying euphoric flush lighting him all over again. Both their breaths were coming more and more ragged.
Steve couldn't help but laugh and roll his eyes, although he couldn't protest too much at Tony's outrageousness, not when it was making him so lighthearted and happy. He leaned in and kissed Tony's smiling, willing mouth once more, a sweet press of soft lips and delicate touches of tongue, mixed with raspy brushes of mustache as their heads tilted.
He tuned back in to the Iron Sight network. Down at street level and a block away, he watched Steve break the seal and drink deeply.
Steve knew Tony had only made the jibe to get a rise out of him, but some things were a matter of principle.
Steve leaned out of the couch, setting elbows to knees, ready to stand. "Tony?" he questioned, moderately concerned.
," Mr. Bassat returned, repeating back what Steve thought was the same word, but with a notably differing inflection, and, eyeing Tony mock-sternly, chided in his own softly lilting and precisely enunciated English, "your accent is as abominable as ever."
"DUM-E has become convinced that his maximum performance capacity still falls short of required standards, and that he must increase his productivity to continue proving his worth. In fact, he's asked me to pass along a request. He is quite certain that he would be able to work more efficiently if he were enabled to hold or transport multiple objects at a time -- perhaps by means of a second arm added to his frame."
“Here’s to getting schooled.” He lifted his glass in a toast, and took the last sip of his drink, wetting his lips but keeping his tongue pitched to the dry side of neutral. “Not a professor, though. I’m just kind of a history buff.”
He shook his head with a quick jerk -- he needed to not be bringing this here -- and made himself take another look around. Bright room. Open floor plan. Freestanding, brushed metal-topped tables. One front door. One hallway, presumably restrooms and kitchen entrance, and the near-certainty of a back door off the kitchen. Bar along one side, its dully sheened top matching the tables. The mirrored back wall; easy to mentally landmark as a boundary once noted. Light, natural conversation from several seated parties. Slight chill of air conditioning; he was glad for the layers of his formal suit. All the warmth lacking elsewhere was contained in the hints of various savory smells wafting on the air. No fog. No threats. If the unexpected presented itself, he’d evaluate and react accordingly.
Full and throbbing again, Steve's cock, shaft to head to dripping slit, was stretched out on the slab of Tony's tongue, but still ignored beyond incidental bumps of his palate and throat. He ran his hand down the back of Tony's neck and up again, roughing his hair the wrong way to get a taste of any friction at all, struggling to master himself.
"I didn't... but I... just, it's my fault, Steve, can't you see that?"  He was wooden and weary, and he was begging.
Tony was proud to see the others respectfully roll back and wheel away to occupy themselves, leaving an unobstructed view of Steve facing DUM-E. Steve slid his shield from his arm and lowered it toward DUM-E's wheeled platform. "I could use a place to set this -- do you think you could hold it for me?"
that doesn't ring a bell? Or were you faking it? Because the half-gallon of--" Tony rose to a knee-stand and jabbed him, hard, striking unerringly with one finger for the unpadded line of sternum right between his pecs. "--steaming super-soldier smoothie you shot down my throat said I was ringing yours fit to crack it like the one in Philadelphia!"
Here where they stood, though, the walls and floor were covered by exquisitely woven rugs, circular and oval, rectangular and square. Their sizes differed wildly, as did the imagery they bore, ranging from pictorial to geometric, some muted and others nearly glowing with vibrant color. Several were clearly featured, displayed entirely unobscured, while others were layered together, each covering portions of the next. Still others, mostly smaller pieces, were piled waist-high in stacks.
“You know I didn't come here expecting this. You got something, or should I just spit on it?” he was talking sheer bravado and bullshit. Sounded hot as hell, speaking strictly of sex-fantasy, but he would never.
Roger was more a finish-last kind of nice guy, but he didn’t bother feeling conflicted. If she was that gung-ho for him to go first, who the fuck was he to deny? His dick was white hot iron and he plastered himself over her, hammered into her hard, chasing down his release with pounding thrusts, to the sounds of her frenetic urgings.
Orchestra, percussion, and chorus. Tony was a man of culture, and he did enjoy a night at the symphony.
More memories rushed back, moments that spanned two decades, countless blissful hours of leading Steve into heights of glorious surrender, of opening him up, pulling out everything he had inside, and replacing it, reshaped to Tony's own will. It had never been sweeter than this.
He looked up to see Tony kicking off his shoes and socks, and gesturing for Steve to do the same. "C'mon, it's one of the nicest things to feel between your toes, if you can't get green grass or beach sand," he cajoled in response to Steve's skeptical expression. Suiting action to words, Tony took a few steps toward the center of the carpet with a lusty sigh, the pile springing back unmarred behind his feet, and came to a stop, wriggling his toes in a manner that managed to be both playful and voluptuous.
. Barring a miracle, this was all just about to crash and burn. “So, uh. Starla.” He ran a hand around the inside of his collar, belatedly remembering it had been open practically since they’d walked in. He felt like he was strangling.
He punctuated the statement by taking up a renewed grip on Steve's erection, running his hand down till the heel pressed deep into the root, and jerking in long, forceful pulls, with his fingertips tucked to run directly along the thick vein.
Steve grinned and threw the gauntlet like he had the glycerine. "Babe, is that really the best pickup line you got?"
"Hanging a little lower than they used to, aren't they, old man. Guess that goes for all of you." Tony abused Steve's sack once more, with a sharp tug, and then shifted up to his cock, gripping and tugging up from base to tip there, too.
Tony was one of the most assured and confident people Steve knew. Sometimes it seemed like this whole future was one gigantic machine Tony had designed and built himself, and he knew how to operate it better than anyone. Which, in many ways, Steve supposed, wasn't so far from the truth.
Tony had always tried to shy away from the knowledge that Avenging didn't undo, couldn't bring back.
And now it was too late to say “no thank you,” and he’d forgotten the “no ice,” and the bartender was already setting a fresh drink in front of each of them, and the glasses were sweating with condensation, and so was he.
"So one more thing, DUM-E. I'll leave it up to you and Tony to decide if another arm is a good choice for you. But just remember: There's nothing wrong with feeling like you want to grow and improve and accomplish more as a person. It's admirable, even. But that's something you should do for you, not because you feel like you're not good enough for someone else. And it's definitely not a reason to feel like you have to change your body."
And still, it had surprised him when there was no sizzle, no steam hissing up, the contact, even stilted, so electric to his nerves.
Coming from Tony, that was either the finest compliment or the lowest insult he'd ever been handed. Coming from Tony, Steve figured he'd just take it as both.
"Oh, no, darling, I did tell you this was for you. And I also more than got mine. I promise, you haven't fallen down on your duties." Tony smirked. "I'm just thankful your priorities are in the right place. I really did think you were too dedicated a viewer to be so easily
Their polite murmurs fell out of his awareness as he tugged Steve's head from his crotch, leaving his saliva-streaked, half-hard cock open to view.
Tony pulled against his hold enough for Steve to let him go. He traded his grip for a two-handed clutch into his own hair, instead, as Tony dragged his reddened mouth up Steve's dick and took up the weight of the shaft in his fist, pumping him just this side of too tight. The friction sizzled along his spine and into his stomach.
The hall was large, but retained its intimate ambiance with warm, low lighting and sumptuous, elegant decor, all lustrous wood, jewel tones, and plush carpets and cushions to sink into, miles deep.
She hairy-eyed the restroom door, and the eating implement displayed in block white upon its placard, sighing loudly.
She went right past acerbic and straight to acid bath. “I meant by getting those pants off, finally.”
No one, and both. The two of them were solutions to the same system of equations, Tony had told him, and Steve had remembered. Sometimes he saw how they were math, especially in battle, multiplied by one another, exponential. Then at times their science was softer, fuzzy logic nestled into more pliant shapes, and still raising each other to higher powers.
Viewed from above and behind, down the front; viewed on the nanoplate looking-glass; viewed through the Iron Sight -- what a picture they made. What a gallery of art they could become together, thanks to Extremis, the ultimate tool to transform flesh to canvas.
He went lax, kept himself pliant, as Steve positioned him. Though it was required that they both must reach completion, Steve, as usual, seemed to have already formulated an action plan, and Tony would let him carry it out with no opposition. Whatever he could do to make this easiest for Steve.
married. In fact, today’s our anniversary.” He flashed his ring, which also put on display the watch Tony had given him for his birthday the previous year. It had cost about a tenth as much as the model Tony had originally wanted to buy him, but he’d given in to Steve’s protests -- not gracefully, but he had. This woman didn’t know any of that, of course, but Steve loved it, and loved seeing its brushed-gold casing and chocolate brown leather strap lying against his wrist.
But for the built-in shelves lining the walls, the spacious library of Avengers Mansion had been cleared of furniture from corner to corner.
In truth, he didn’t think he’d read it wrong, or that Tony had misused or played him false in any way. But all those half-done bottles spread before him, after being wholly undone, spent and spread all through the sheets, had thrown him off, left him unsettled, ill at ease.
Steve's hips twitched, the front of his uniform swelling into Tony's hand. He rubbed the heel of it down harshly, and cackled. "Oh, does that still do it for you? I never said any of it was "good," but your old-man cock still seems to have taken it as praise."
His heart hammered. He sucked in a breath. “Roger. Stevens. With the Maria Stark Foundation. A pleasure to meet you,” he stammered, struggling to regain his composure after riding out the landslide of emotional switchbacks.
Walking up to the library's doorway, he found Tony Stark pacing and muttering, scowling and lecturing the air with a roving hand, his eyes cast down in contemplation of the dark hardwood.
His stomach plummeted. Dismay and confusion pulled him crossways like windshear. He was hot and cold and god-let-me-sink-into-the-ground mortified.
Slow and steady, it stuffed him full, hot, weighty, and artificially smooth with whatever latex-equivalent the aliens offered as a sheath. A fresh wave of despair filled the cavern of Tony's chest.
Here was his Tony the way he liked him, composure recovered, batting his miles-long, bootblacked lashes. Twice. Slowly. And spinning his words out like taffy, sticky and full of sugar.
But he was folding back down again, and Steve let his shoulder go to ruffle his right hand through Tony's fine, silky hair. It was dark and lustrous (ought to be, for Tony's assiduous regimen of care products), but still, the rounds of treatments had left it thinner than it had once been.
Not till he felt Tony pull back enough to reopen his airway, his lips going slack while he heaved in a sucking breath.
At a lull, he finally glanced aside. "If you'll excuse me for a moment, Mistresses, I have a small matter to which I must attend."
Tony risked a glance at Steve, who raised his hands. "We waited till you got here, Tony. This is the first I've heard, too."
Tony let him slip free of his mouth, rose to his knees with a moan, and shoved a hand down to the tented-out crotch of his pants, digging in with the heel, and palming himself roughly.
Tony barely held his tongue, drilling Steve's back with a laser-eye he was amazed wasn't burning right through him, because holy fuck,
He strolled to the couch, bending over slightly to lay the jacket across the top. Bending further as he emptied his pockets of wallet and keys, he set those and his cell phone down, too, very much aware that the excellent fit of his trousers did similar things to accentuate the curves of his ass.
He had the belated thought to rise, out of basic courtesy to a lady, but then she was at his right side, standing over him and quelling his aborted motion with a heavy, possessive grip on his shoulder,  finding anchor against bone through his jacket and shirt. Her right hand couldn’t span his thigh in quite the same manner, but the carmine-clawed arch of it, a palm’s width higher than his knee, was every bit as proprietary.
“No, I’m--” Steve was better with real runaway trains. He could just push his legs and arms and heart to pump faster until he caught up. “Look, thank you for the drink, but I am, actually. Declining your… offer.”
Still coordinating smoothly, Tony moving forward and Steve stepping back, they walked their oversized parcel into the house. Jarvis held the door and kept himself safely out of the way; if any other Avengers had returned yet from their own activities of the day, they must have been occupying other areas of the building. Steve and Tony encountered no one else as they proceeded through the dining hall, then swung around through a 90-degree rotation to enter the library.
Steve spun sideways and swung his legs up, making like to lay himself out full length along the seat cushions. "Why don't you come on up here? Perfectly nice couch to cuddle on," he groused. He made a point of sniping and arguing about all possible matters of inconsequence.
Behind him. She skated knuckles down the back of his shoulder, into the twitchy muscles at the base of his spine, and grabbed a generous portion of the glutes he’d been flaunting.
Starting careful, Tony thought. Of course, Steve would be mindful of his strength. He'd speed up once he could tell Tony could take it.
Shortly, Tony returned to inform him that their purchase had been concluded, resting two fingers on Steve's knee, then offering him a hand they both knew was unnecessary, and both knew that wasn't the point, to help him stand. He liked that Tony touched him in these kinds of ways, unremarkable and undemanding. It helped him feel like he could be a superhero and still human, where those twin facets of his identity sometimes seemed intent on starving each other out. He still struggled, trying to find balance and self-acceptance for them both.
He'd minimized the lie by asking Thor for a spar after all; let his muscles lead and his reflexes parry, while his mind had mulled and unmuddled itself.
"Ouch, haha, good one, but sounds less painful than some things, say, a rugby match, now that's one rough sport."
