John took Sherlock’s hand as they entered the ballroom.  It looked quite magical, with the massive windows along the back wall facing out into the lush gardens.  The wall sconces glowed with their gas lights, and candles were clustered on tables and other surfaces, giving off warm light.  The orchestra was on a dias, and lavish buffet tables ran along the far wall.  Small tables covered with tablecloths surrounded the large dance floor, each with fragrant bouquets from the rose garden.
"Which I think is awfully inconvenient" Sherlock hummed "Just think about how much easier it would be if everyone could send their complaints directly."
"More?" the devil raised an eyebrow as the parchment disappeared, "Sorry, I'm not your personal horror show but I'll guess we'll see each other in 13 years then. Have fun, it will be the last you'll have for all eternity."
"It won't simply reverse the contract and leave me to die?" Sherlock wanted to cover his bases before he let the spark of hope grow bolder in his chest. The case itself was unimportant. If it was something routed in the real world, he would be able to solve it. The payment though still seemed too flimsy. He had no guarantee the devil wasn't simply using him. After all, wasn't his opposite the incarnation of all evil?
Sherlock took a deep breath, taking his time to look at the person who pretended to be the devil. He was smaller than him, had dark blond hair, blue eyes, a face that he would pin at around 35. His idea of fashion was thoroughly askew since he was wearing an awful oatmeal coloured, knitted jumper and a simple pair of blue washed jeans. Even the daemons he had met, looked more the part.
"You mean there is no burning in the flames of hell and getting raped by evil spirits? Man, I can understand why Moriarty was disappointed" Sherlock grinned mischievously.
"My job is to stay here? Well, thank you very much." John snorted, "I've been doing it wrong all these centuries then. Great, that you've finally come along to give me a primer."
"I will climb on the couch?" John raised an eyebrow, trying to catch up with whatever Sherlock had thought out.
"It's not how it works." Sherlock growled "I figure out the reason, I can figure out where he is, most likely."
It had been a long day for John. The ex-military Alpha had been sitting longer than expected in his office at the clinic going over patient files. Sometimes he wished the level of success he had as a surgeon would get him someone competent enough to do the paperwork for him but he found everyone lacking so he ended up doing it himself. The click of his key in the door let him sigh happily. Finally home was his first thought. His second were his combat instincts taking over. Slowly he scanned the living room, looking for anything that was out of place. He sensed that something was wrong but from his position he couldn’t determine what. Carefully he stepped into his flat, closing the door behind him. His coat found a place across the arm of his couch, his briefcase resting on the floor underneath it. When his eyes couldn’t come up with any more information he turned his attention to his other senses. With a lung full of air he quickly realised that an Omega was the intruder, an Omega who was dangerously close to heat.
John looked up startled. The neighbour he had been exchanging nothing but nods and smiles with for months now, was standing just a hairsbreadth in front of him. Suddenly, he didn’t quite know how to react anymore.
"You have no idea how close I am to take up your human practice of praying" John grumbled and turned back to the living room wall. As agonising as this was, he wouldn't trade it for going back to what actually was his job.
"Ah, I think that's enough for now" John said and stretched his limbs which had gone a bit stiff, "I'm not even sure if I remember all of that but it should last me a bit for the start." He stood up and plucked three files from the stack which he had deemed as especially intriguing. "Thank you for allowing me to do this" he smiled at Sherlock and already wanted to take his leave towards his bedroom, when he heard a soft voice behind him.
With a sigh he pushed the door to his tiny flat close behind him. A year earlier and he might have been glad about the prospect of it all being over soon. But now, now he finally had found something worth his time. There was something to occupy his mind, calm his racing neurons, and now his body wanted to pull him away. Sherlock picked up the brown case file from his kitchen table and opened it. The murder was an old one but he was sure, something during the investigation had gone awry. It had taken Sherlock days to convince the inspector to let him take a look - well, days and getting 100% clean. Sherlock laughed bitterly as he threw the file across the room. He had given up his ten year drug habit three weeks ago and now it decided to kill him.
"I just reminded her that adultery actually is a sin and gets you a nice place with us" John shrugged.
"I know how painkillers work" Sherlock grumbled, rubbing his eyes to shush away the last wisps of sleep.
Sherlock fell entirely silent. He never had considered the extend a failure could have. Yes, he had known that Moriarty was dangerous and that there must be a lot at stake for the devil to ask for his help. Nevertheless, the sheer size of the whole operation just started to sink in. Moriarty wasn't more than a terrorist. He was nearly no different to all the suicide bombers the world had seen over the past years. The one difference was that he wasn't contempt with people dying at his hands, he wanted to make them suffer and he wanted to make everyone suffer. He was operating on such a large scale with such tremendous knowledge that it ran cold down Sherlock's spine.
Sherlock was completely enthralled by the situation as a whole. There was nothing quite like it which he had experienced in his life time and could use as a comparison. He had never actively been interested in this kind of physical intimacy but there was no denying that right now, he would not trade in his position. John's kisses were wonderfully distracting and he felt himself jolt a little when the other's hand wandered underneath his clothes again. Now that he was lying on his back, it was easier for it to reach across his torso, pulling the shirt up slightly as it got further up. There was a subtle difference in how John had touched him before, when he wanted to alert him to something or when he had just gotten caught up in human habits. This now was different, something new and if he had been any clearer in his mind he would have started cataloguing. Currently, his racing mind was entirely focused on John and what would happen next. He tried to predict patterns, tried to gauge where John's hands would touch next, how their lips would move on, how he would react. It quickly became apparent that whenever he had made a guess, John would contradict it and pull him into something unexpected. The sensation was thrilling, almost like running after a criminal with only the faintest of ideas of how the night would play out. It was ridiculous but glorious at the same time. Sherlock loved this high and John was freely handing it to him with no mortal danger attached. He feared he could get addicted to this.
John’s arms closed around Sherlock’s waist as they kissed again. Before it all had been a frenzy of hands and lips and bites and the need to get closer quickly. Now, they were basking in a languid slide of their lips against each other. With hearts which were not racing anymore but comfortably beating back at resting pace, it was a whole other experience.
“Okay, everyone listen up”, Anna, Sarah’s maid of honour, stood up and was motioning with her hands to stop the small group from talking. “We all know how this goes. This is said to be your last night in freedom, Sarah.” She grinned cheekily and the doctor blushed, biting her lip. John had to grin. Sarah still wasn’t comfortable with being the centre of attention although she ran a clinic. “I have asked Dominc what we were allowed to plan for you and what not. So you can rest assured that everything I thought of was signed off by your man, no need to feel guilty about enjoying yourself.”
Sherlock chuckled softly and John wasn't certain why that sound made him feel all warm and gooey inside. Whatever happened, he really couldn't let any of this transpire to anyone he was working with or he would be ridiculed for centuries to come. Earlier this might have deterred him from the route he was steering towards but now, Sherlock well and truly had him not caring about appearances anymore.
"Only if you don't stop what you are doing" Sherlock murmured leisurely. He was just starting to calm down and feel comfortable.
Sherlock groaned. This was getting incredibly tedious. He didn't remember the last time he had to argue this long to get what he needed from Lestrade. Perhaps it was the fact that he had just brought someone unfamiliar in without notice. Or Lestrade was just surprised that he knew other people at all. Or it simply was that his wife was sleeping with the gym teacher again.
Sherlock thought for a moment about the implications he had derived from John's explanation, "Isn't that a somewhat limiting rule? I mean people can declare whatever item, be it a shoe, as holy for them. It seems to me like there are a lot of useless rules that only hinder you."
"So, you are playing private detective. That is oddly endearing given your past", the devil chuckled.
"Sherlock, be careful." there was a sharp edge to the words, and Sherlock felt the tension in the room rise. Obviously, he hadn't forgotten about the real powers which slumbered underneath that unassuming exterior but he refused to be dominated by fear.
The plastic bags he was carrying made it a bit harder to unlock his front door and when he succeeded with that a wall of pheromones hit him square in the face. A few deliberate breaths were needed to wrestle his self-control back into place. Sherlock had fallen asleep on the chair while he had been out and apparently the heat had set on unnoticed. John put the bags down thoughtfully, not wanting to break anything inside them. With the door closed behind him, he walked to the sleeping Omega and carefully bend over the chair, placing a hand gently on the other’s shoulder. “Hey, Sherlock. Come on wake up.” Waking the other was probably not the nicest way since it would expose him to his heat earlier but John didn’t want to move Sherlock while he was still asleep, reasoning he had had quite enough of that for one day.
"I don't shout, I just clearly tell you when what you are doing is wrong but fundamentally yes, that will be your job."
"Already here" John said calmly, appearing behind Sherlock his arms crossed and face set in a put-up expression.
"Because gun wounds may bleed a bit even after they were stitched?" John answered in a slightly annoyed tone abandoning his quest for string yet again. He wanted to add 'I'll get new bandages' but didn’t get the opportunity to since Lestrade indignantly screeched, "When have you been shot? Jesus Sherlock, I told you not to go running off on your own."
"This is your grand plan?" John asked a bit dubiously after he had set up a mountain of blankets and cushions on the floor which Sherlock used to sit and rest his leg.
"Well, I do have help and if you renounce all your wrongdoings at once, we would never meet. Most people aren't aware enough though to do that. It's usually a tiered system. I get the ones with the longest list and sometimes I take some of the minor cases just to relax. Also, time doesn't quite work the same way but let's not get into that."
"Mrs. Hudson, this man has been dead for multiple hours. Getting an ambulance won't help him anymore but getting DI Lestrade will help me a great deal." Sherlock quickly said, rubbing his thigh while he started to look at the body more closely. His abrupt movements hadn't done well for his injury, but he couldn't really care. There was a body on his doorstep, it was fresh, no one had tampered with any of the clues and he would still have a few minutes until Lestrade's crew arrived. It was like Christmas had come early. If he couldn't nail down Moriarty with this one, he would never be able to he feared. Delivering a dead body in broad daylight was anger at its finest and angry people made mistakes. Sherlock was ignoring the crowd of interested people gathering on the street in front of the house since the door couldn't be closed without moving the body.
"Because you're definitely not the means to an end" he whispered and carefully pressed his lips to Sherlock's. The risk he took was immense and so he didn't dare moving forward until Sherlock almost seemed to melt into the touch. There was a short moment in which time stood still. Then they were kissing. It was slow and tentative, both still surprised by the development, exploring this new found element. The weight of a boulder fell from John's heart and for the first time in at least two centuries, he didn't mind being the devil at all.
"I'm the devil, I believe that is the number one trait ascribed to me" John chuckled, "Now, payment."
“That’s the art of the tease”, Sherlock hummed running his fingers down John’s torso before undoing the top of his jeans, “You allude to a lot more but don’t give it all. It makes it so more intense when you finally get it.” While he spoke his fingers were just dancing around the unfastened top of the jeans. John sighed softly when just a sliver of skin was touched. He feared that by now he was geared up enough that just the right words, spoken in that voice would tip him over the edge.
Sherlock’s heat lasted for the better amount of four days, the waves becoming less frequent and potent after the first 48 hours. When John could be sure that the Omega was up to the task of caring for himself again, he resumed working during the day but made sure to be back on time every evening. While still deeply in the grips of his hormones Sherlock had let himself be dragged into a shower more or less voluntarily, the doctor pointedly not imagining that thin body in any other situation than in that of a patient. Now that he was becoming aware of his surroundings again, John could only nudge him into the direction of the bathroom with a pointed look. Sherlock would meticulously ensure the sheets were wrapped fully around his body or he was dressed in some form of clothing before he would let John see him. In a way John’s heart gave a painful pinch but then he remembered that for the other his whole existence still was somewhat of a threat.
“Oh god, you’re not here, too”, Sarah screamed giddily and threw her arms around John’s neck. The rest of the girls had already decked the doctor out with everything a future bride needed on her hen night. John felt a bit out of place but he had promised to be there.
“Stop trying to be a step ahead of me here. You can deduce all you want once we’ve established some ground rules but for now we have to do this together, okay?” John was straining to keep calm, “We see what we like and then go from there and there are so many other things to do apart from penetrative sex. Have you even thought about that possibility?”
"Sherlock, I have been in yours and Inspector Lestrade's company already. As much as you might be able to tolerate him, it shows that your mind grinds at the idea of him doing any justice to your thought process in his reports."
“Well, it’s how he is and he’ll probably only need this display and everyone who is new has understood the rules” Molly shrugged.
John’s whimper had apparently been enough to convince Sherlock of another tactic, since he chuckled. “Well, it’s getting late so perhaps we should get on with it.”
He couldn’t hold himself back when he heard the signs of the other leaving though and called with a smirk “Don’t be so obvious when following me around. You’re no good as a stalker if the person you stalk knows you are following them.” A huff was all John got before he was alone again. “Well, that was something”, he murmured to himself.
With this we start the 1st Act. I will post the three chapters which belong to this Act in short(ish) succession, meaning every 2 days. After that it’s back to waiting until I finish the next Act. Have fun. :)
"You want me to write the contract now?" Sherlock asked, although more rhetorical. The intentions were pretty clear and his head was already running down the appropriate paths of his mind palace.
God, he drank too much John thought stumbling more than walking along the pavement. One, two, three... fuck he had lost count how many house entrances he had already passed. Mike had promised to leave one window slightly ajar so he could climb in and kip on the couch instead of having to go and find a cab home. John didn't make a habit of drinking too much on a normal day but when one had finally finished his last exam for the year things could go a little overboard. But that was what he had Mike for, who, although leaving earlier, still let him sleep it off at his home.
John looked at the hand with a raised eyebrow, the facts to this name slamming back into his head. “Do you really expect me to shake your hand? You know I actually am not a social leper and know all the little stories. So, I hope you'll excuse my bad manners in this case.” John still managed a genuine smile. He would be lying if he said he wasn't interested at all in the person in whose flat he found himself in. There was nearly no one on campus who didn't know about Sherlock Holmes. Although, John had never met the man himself, he thought of the stories that were being told more of well planted rumours than the truth.
“Oh fuck” John groaned loudly. “Fuck, even at this you’re fantastic… uhg” He couldn’t really talk but he needed to get this out. Sherlock seemed to be giving him a generous amount of care and it seemed wrong to be ungrateful. Seeing those pale lips stretched around the shaft of his cock, let John’s eyes glaze over. There wasn’t a single thing about this which wouldn’t push him directly towards his orgasm.
“Yes, oh god, yes please”, Sherlock whimpered, his hands holding on tight to John’s shoulders. John could feel the body underneath him going pliant. It was a heady feeling to have such a wonderful person in his bed and to be allowed to come so close. With a smile John pulled his hand from Sherlock’s hair, using it to unbutton the other’s shirt while his lips feverishly kissed and caressed every newly bared piece of skin. Sherlock’s sighs and broken of tries at forming words only spurred John on even more, dipping his tongue into the other’s belly button and gently nipping at the skin just above his waistband.
“So, you just don’t want to lose your personal keeper who makes you tea and generally clears up after you?” John asked a bit hurt.
“You’ll get as much as you want.”, John murmured, starting a gentle thrusting with his fingers. He knew they weren’t enough but as much as it was for teasing Sherlock, it also served to calm his doctor’s mind. He didn’t want to hurt Sherlock in any way so testing the stretch the other could take with his fingers wasn’t the worst idea. “At some point I will have you fuck my hand.”, he hummed, enjoying the blush and gasped the words elicited form the Omega. “Just my fingers, perhaps a bit more if you can take it. God, you will be such a beautiful sight, pushing yourself back wantonly onto my hand. But not now. Now I want to thrust into you and knot you. I want to feel you squeeze down tightly on my knot. It will be so different from what any toy could give you.” Sherlock was nearly horrified at the loud moan which escaped his throat. Then again his head was too far gone already to care for anything. He could only feel the slickness seeping out of him, producing obscene squelching noises when John pushed his fingers back into him and the pleasure singing in his veins. It should have been frightening but everything inside him was screaming for more.
A few hours later, John was simply lying in bed next to Sherlock. The detective had curled up as best as possible with the injuries to his leg and was finally resting. Multiple times in the past weeks John had cursed his non-existent need for sleep. It appeared to be a blissful break humans could take from their existence. Obviously, it was incredibly risky and they were vulnerable to no avail but they seemed to enjoy it enough to dedicate whole rooms to it. John thought he might understand the sentiment a little when he looked down at Sherlock's completely relaxed face. Sleep had taken all the hard edges and strain away. Without being conscious there was nothing you could worry about and even Sherlock, who was always racing into action, seemed peaceful. It hurt John's heart a bit, or whatever equivalent he had. Sherlock was ultimately trusting him, a sentiment he didn't often receive. This was especially painful because whatever happened now, it would end badly. There was no way out of the truths of their lives. John could suspend his duties while he had a valid reason, the chase after Moriarty, to do so. Still, questions were already being raised and in his position he could not afford to lose grip for too long. Clearly, after Moriarty was dealt with, he would return to his life and Sherlock would return to detective work with practically no space left for keeping up whatever they had just started. John knew their time was limited and he wasn't sure if Sherlock just ignored that fact or was unaware of the risks any prolonged contact would entail.
"Yes, I will wait but not forever" the devil grinned and settled down more comfortably in his armchair, "Get going, the quicker we've got the formalities over with, the quicker we can sort out this shoddy business. I really don't enjoy being in this much trouble."
"To my defence, you have been less than forthcoming with your explanations." Sherlock shrugged and although his mind perked up, because it senses the opportunity for information, he couldn't help but cuddle a little closer.
John had watched the young Omega practically flourish. The eccentric habits the other was keeping weren’t always too easy but since the doctor still had a vivid memory of a boy who was looking like his life was going to end, he just cared about the excited smiles which flashed across Sherlock’s face. He wasn’t there for most of the day either way and as long as his flat was still habitable when he came home, he didn’t mind too much. It had been obvious from the start that the other had a simple craving for touch. John never made him admit it out loud but he would casually brush their hands together while handing over a cup of tea or place his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back for a short time when he looked over his shoulder at something the Omega was working on. Mostly he held himself back, though since he was still painfully aware of the age gape between them. The ownership papers his mother had send him about a day after Sherlock first showed up in his flat were shoved somewhere into a deep dark corner and the doctor’s mind was feverishly working on a way to legally annul them without it all falling back into the hands of Sherlock’s family. What he had gotten out of the other about his life since he had presented, had him clench his fists and very pointedly not trying to get the Holmes’ address. It wouldn’t serve anyone if he went into a rant about proper treatment of one’s own child.
At no point did John dare to look up into the face of the dancer again. Somehow he felt like that would be the moment his illusion of not being seen himself would be shattered. Additionally, he wasn’t sure if he would quite survive such a daring move. It was one thing to see that beautiful body move as one with the music, pushing his mind to envision slightly different scenarios, but quite another to actively connect it to his neighbour. The deep voice still resonated in John’s head and there was a faint memory of razor sharp eyes. He really didn’t want to take a chance.
“It’s only payback” John grinned, sinking his teeth into the unblemished skin between shoulder and neck. Sherlock’s voice was even more breath-taking when reduced to mewls and whimpers in John’s opinion.
“If you mean having sent Mr. Holmes packing, then yes” he shrugged and sighed a bit, his lunch was only lukewarm now.
John checked for the last time if he had everything on him before he pulled the door to his flat close. He patted down his jacket front to locate his wallet and then locked his door. Just as he turned around to leave, he felt an impact. Out of pure reflex, he stepped back immediately and started to apologise.
With the first glimpse he caught of the lean body, dressed in criminally tight shirt and trousers, John swallowed his breath. Suddenly, he was very glad, he had retreated quite far towards the back. How could it be? No, there was no doubt when the dancer turned slowly, peeking upwards from underneath a curly fringe. His neighbour; the one with the voice like liquid sex. John shifted slightly on his chair. He really wasn’t sure if he wanted to add what was about to happen to his memory. Although there really wasn’t time for second thoughts on his part. Almost as soon as his brain had made the connection between the stripper Anna had hired and his next door neighbour, said man began what could only be called a very calculated but more than effective show.
"Don't look at me like that. People were very simple in the beginnings" John shrugged, "It was usually just getting them something they couldn't obtain in their position. I don't quite know when it shifted to more outrageous requests but it must have been around the time Europe started to give the church more influence. You know suddenly, we weren't just some weird spirits and whatnots anymore but The Evil. Whoever dared associating with us tried to get as much out of it as possible. Stories travel incredibly well through humanity, soon the standard offer was a soul and a few years of your life. It wasn't my idea, you humans managed that all on your own."
"And who are you then?" after recovering from the snide remark, Sally put herself insistently in John's way, using her whole police training to appear as intimidating and authoritative as possible.
There we go, done :) and now it's back to Recurring Past for me. Thank you for making this procrastination exercise of mine so enjoyable.
“Would you stop…“ Sherlock breathed and had to stop when John’s mouth on his neck wrenched a desperate groan from him, “Would you stop teasing me already?”
Sherlock sighed and it seemed like he had to think for a moment. John was almost intrigued by the silence. It had seemed so unlikely that the other would look like this, almost contemplative. In John’s mind Sherlock had just brushed it all off, perhaps giving some flimsy reason or even something substantial but in the end he would always have kept his demeanour of aloofness and distance. John was glad he had been wrong. This was so much more human, and so much more dangerous, too.
Sherlock laughed. His situation was ridiculous. Here he sat talking to the devil about the afterlife and jobs as if it were just another evening conversation topic. It was fun, relaxing and somewhat bonkers enough to hold his interest. Suddenly, he wasn't bothered anymore that the case had hit a drought. He felt that he would happily spend his remaining years like this and the severity of that didn't even occur to him.
"And 'John Watson' really?" there was the exasperated question Sherlock had been looking for. He had prepared a lengthy explanation just to combat this question. The only thing which came out though was, "It fits your horrendous taste in jumpers."
John almost completely forgot about everything around him. His attention zeroed in on a sight he had never expected. His neighbour was perfectly adapted. The tight jeans and shirt did almost nothing to hide from view how well he was suited for this line of work. John swallowed hard. He knew he was outside the dancer’s focus and suddenly he was glad about it. The way the other managed to make his movements seem absolutely effortless, let John’s jeans grow just a bit too tight.
"Jesus, what's that on your leg?" the inspector suddenly exclaimed. Sherlock looked down at his wounded leg and noticed that some blood had appeared on the fabric of his pyjama trousers. It must have seeped through the bandage.
"What? I don't see how I could be of any help since you told me so clearly that you work best alone." John said, side stepping Sherlock's notes. They were astonishingly detailed and structured for a topic which you couldn't research in a conventional way.
"Lestrade?" Sherlock called, already opening the door to sprint down the stairs, nearly falling over a very surprised police officer who had sat on the stairs to write his protocol.
"You want to go to this address? Really, do you believe them to be this thick?" Sherlock chuckled and quickly photographed both sides of the card, "If it was only this, then you wouldn't have come to me. You can't tell me that you haven't already found multiple of these cards. I imagine they change the address to whatever location they see fitting for the deal and then discard it again. The telephone number on the other hand could be more of a lead. We'll just have to try it out." Sherlock shrugged and stood up. He got his own mobile phone out of his coat and flicked a switch before typing in the number.
"Semantics" Sherlock waved the comment away, "and I believe you aren't as bad as you are made out to be, including having not as much power as people attribute you, and that might be making someone quite mad."
John was living in a small flat within a medium sized apartment complex. After his return from war, he couldn’t afford too far leaps but it was enough for a nice home. The flat didn’t need to be too sizeable since the Doctor was alone and somehow he was quite sure that wouldn’t change too soon. Besides, like this he was able to put aside a bit of money from his job at the small private clinic. All in all, John really couldn’t complain.
Sherlock nodded "He's Mrs. Hudson’s insurance broker but that hardly makes him an obvious choice. I'm guessing the last three victims had been pride, envy and wrath but I can't place this one. Why would Moriarty send him? There is no reason, unless he was delivering a message."
There was a sudden crash and gut-wrenching scream coming from the bottom of their stairs just when John had managed to get Sherlock to sit down and have at least a few bites to eat for breakfast. Obviously, this wasn't going to happen anymore as Sherlock sprung up like his chair had suddenly caught fire. He wrenched open the door to the flat and already saw the source of the noise in the hallway, Mrs. Hudson gripping the railing to keep herself stable. The front door was open, and it seemed like a body had just fallen through the door, surprising the old landlady who probably expected the postman behind the door. You didn’t need to be Sherlock Holmes to realise that there was no hope left for the poor bloke. He hadn't just spontaneously collapsed into Mrs. Hudson's arms.
"I already did tell you that I don't often get to talk to someone like you?" the devil asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Well, I can go with that" the other nodded finally and a bright red Sigel appeared next to Sherlock's signature, "Now this is done, why don't you come back here so we can go over the case?" The parchment disappeared and Sherlock felt that unknown force tug at him once more.
“Fine?” one eyebrow arched up perfectly as he looked at John doubtingly. John suddenly felt like caught in the headlights. He felt as if he was opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of water, unable to explain himself or even answer.
“For one, you’ll need a chair”, Sherlock hummed and quickly grabbed one of John’s kitchen chairs, spinning it around in the air as if it weighed nothing. “Sit down, having you stand around awkwardly just makes it more difficult.” His voice stayed matter of factly, although it didn’t help to ease off the buzz under John’s skin. He doubted anything would really pull him down right now, as he sat down, looking up. Sherlock had walked around the perimeter of the available open space, probably to familiarise himself with the surroundings.
Sherlock’s guards were slowly dropping again and he pushed into John’s hand, seeking more contact. “Come on," John held Sherlock’s face turned towards him and offered a bit more pressure, “Look at you. It feels good, doesn’t it? That’s what sex is. Giving and receiving pleasure. Trusting someone so you can let yourself fall. It’s nothing more.” He pushed his lips to Sherlock’s, holding him close and murmured, “I want you to come and I want you not to think” It was enough to tip Sherlock over the edge making him moan out loud and go taut as a bowstring before he shuddered and spilled over John’s hand.
"That's just ridiculous" Sherlock huffed, shaking his head slightly. It was exciting that John volunteered a few more information. Still, Sherlock couldn't always believe it was that simple. "If you wanted to heal the wound quicker or take away the pain or whatever." he nodded his head towards his leg, "You would need to transform energy from one state into another?"
Perhaps the please or the moan managed to penetrate John’s mind enough for him to release his aching fingers, grasping for that lithe body on his lap as if it was a lifeline in stormy waters. The skin felt incredibly smooth and for a moment John just lightly ran his fingers over it. This had been what he wanted to do, hadn’t it? It should be enough but he wanted more. A glance towards Sherlock’s fogged eyes told him, he wasn’t the only one feeling that way. Deftly, he used one arm around the other’s waist to support him before bringing his hand up rub at a nipple which just had been sitting in front of his face too teasingly. The loud moan was sufficient encouragement for John to continue, letting his hand explore Sherlock’s body while he watched the beautiful face contort in pleasure.
"I don't like high stakes" Sherlock murmured before his eyes drifted shut and he fell asleep on his couch.
Sherlock was at a slight loss for words. He narrowed his eyes on the doctor trying to read where the catch lie. There had to be a catch but the Alpha’s bearing spoke of nothing but honest concern. In a way that threw him off more than any violent behaviour the ex-soldier could have displayed at any point during the days Sherlock had been the most vulnerable. Thinking back he couldn’t even think of one inappropriate glance or brush of hand. The Alpha had been nothing but respectful and accommodating.
"Why?" John asked surprised and a bit shocked. The seriousness in Sherlock's tone told him that he had worked through it in his mind and found this as the only solution available.
“What?” John grinned, running the fingers of one hand up the inside of Sherlock’s thigh and down to lift it over his own shoulder. “What do you want?”
"Mrs. Hudson, don't you have something important to do?" Sherlock almost snapped. He was on edge ever since he had come through his front door.
"Are you done with judging my appearance?" there was a slight smirk around the man’s lips, "Believe me, I'm the devil. You called so go on what is it you want?"
That was something Sherlock hadn't thought about. Taken aback he needed a few seconds to come up with something, which would be extremely unlikely for a human to achieve. "Levitate something without touching it."
John didn't really take it seriously and just answered, "No, not good enough of an excuse." Sherlock couldn't really think that. John had met an extraordinarily clever guy. He refused to believe that Sherlock would ignore such basic rules completely.
"John, down, now" Sherlock called with glee in his voice. It was half past seven in the morning and he already was half-way dressed.
John had just gotten past his last patient for the morning, ready to take his lunch break when a smiling Sarah slid into his room.
Sherlock jumped at the sound of John's voice. He nearly lost his balance, where he was crouched next to the corpse.
John was really feeling the pressure now and was already debating when it would be acceptable to relief himself. Sherlock felt all limp against his body and he feared if he took away his stabilising hands, the other would simply slip off his lap.
“Hey”, he pitched his voice to something that hopefully was soothing, “What are you doing here? You don’t need to be scared, just tell me how and why you got in.”
Without words John just turned Sherlock around so they were heading towards his own bedroom. Of course he wouldn’t refuse to have the younger one lying in the sheets, he dreamed him into a few more nights than he liked to admit. Although he knew he would leave the Omega to sleep alone in the bed, so they could calmly talk about what had happened when the other was up to it again. His plan hadn’t calculated in how insistent even a half asleep Sherlock could be. With the other not seeming to let go any time soon, John was pulled down on his bed, too. The clingy body just allowed him to divest himself but that was it. Warmth bubbled up inside the doctor as he saw Sherlock lying calmly on his back, his hand still firmly wrapped around John’s. It nearly seemed as if they would simply fall asleep next to each other in silence.
He took a few steps to make sure he could observe the bigger picture. It was a man in his late forties, probably stuck in an office job, making good money but without the prospects of bettering his career at least in his current company. No ring on his finger which made Sherlock stop for a moment but then he put it down to the modern affliction of always wanting something better. Overall the man was dressed like he had just been on the way home from work, so probably didn't make it home last night and somehow got into Moriarty's antics then. There were no obvious signs of murder, except that he turned up as a corpse. Sherlock went back to the head, trying to take a closer look at the face of the victim without moving him. There was a curious sense of recognition within Sherlock, as if he had already seen this man before but hadn't thought of him as important enough to make a retrievable note of him. It was just a feeling that nudged at the back of his head. There were no visible bruises to mark a fight or an unwanted restraint. Overall it just looked like the man had simply died. Nevertheless, there must have been a significance to this victim. Moriarty wouldn't just put any old body on his doorstep, wouldn't compromise himself if he didn't want to send a message. Sherlock continued his search, looking more closely at the shoes, nice but off the high street, at the suit, same deal, it was altered but not bespoke, showing the necessity to keep up an appearance rather than an interest. "You are remarkable in your unremarkableness" Sherlock murmured "If I didn't know better, I'd say you just were at the wrong place at the wrong time." He crouched lower, getting even closer to the victim’s face, smelling for the traces of poisoning. Nothing. "This is getting tedious" Sherlock mumbled, probing at the man's skin. Even close up there were no traces of an outside force but Moriarty was making deals, so why not make one to kill this man. "That could be not too unreasonable" Sherlock said and stood up.
John didn’t know whether he should be impressed, distressed or livid that the other had somehow managed to pick the lock of his University grade flat and personal room. Now sitting, with his shoes, on John’s bed.
John gave Sherlock some time to digest the new information. He could understand why it might be a hard reality to face. Knowing what Sherlock was now aware of would make a lot of people second guess every action from then on. John was relatively sure that Sherlock would manage to go on, though. Perhaps it would even make it easier, knowing what he was heading towards.
“You honestly believed that?” John asked “I’ve seen his flat, I doubt anyone would go in there on a voluntary basis much less to have sex. With the acid on the table, and I doubt that was the only dangerous thing in there, that flat is a disaster waiting to happen”
“Hey”, John murmured hushed, pressing his lips to the corner of the young boy’s mouth, “Everything alright?”
“Shush”, John smiled, “I need to be slow because otherwise we’ll end up on the wrong pages and I’d really like to do this right.” He gently began to move his fingers where they were splayed on Sherlock’s right pectoral. “Can I let go of you and still talk this through?”
Sherlock took a deep breath, he knew the connections he had found were nearly too accidental or just brought on by circumstances that he would have to be particularly convincing. Of course he could just go from what he had found out about previous victims but that would be tedious. The process not being helped by being denied entry to the next murders when they came along. Normally, he would take it as a challenge working against the Yard but not in this instance. There was too much on the line and while he couldn't disclose his true intends to Lestrade, he would need all the help he could get. Even if it meant working together with the slow mob of people the DI called his team. Although they were slow and moronic most the times, they provided useful information or at least took over the legwork.
“For heaven’s sake, can’t you come with a warning?” John nearly shouted surprised, throwing the books down on his desk and turning to Sherlock who was lounging, like he had done nothing even remotely wrong, on John’s bed.
"Okay" the devil sighed and rubbed a hand across his face, "Someone is using other people to get deals, effectively making them sell their souls and then killing them. Since the souls weren't rightfully sold in the beginning it causes a lot of trouble and mostly leaves us without payment. Whoever does this, goes about it cleverly. He never gets the same daemon twice, we don't know when the next deal will come and we don't know who he is."
John’s eyes snapped up to Sherlock’s face, cheeks tinged red. “Ehrm, yeah sure. What do you need?” The trousers had caught him off guard, especially since he was trying to figure out if anyone else but Sherlock could look this enticing in the same clothes. The simple, deep V-neck just amplified the effect of the low cut trousers and John was working hard to keep himself in check.
"Well, now it would depend on which religious view you take. Yes, something like what Christians call a God exist. Did he create the universe? No, not really. There is a form of afterlife and you need to staff it. That's where we come in. What you believe in throughout your life is your concern. None of us care if you were a Buddhist, Christian, Muslim, Hindi or just plain sceptic. It won't help you, unless you've manage to bring together a decent life." John explained, thinking back to a few memorable pieces of history, "You know, renouncing the bad is a lot easier when you haven't accumulated too much of it. Believe me the crusades were just a hectic time. Figuring out who knew how much and whether they were forced into it or believed in religious war, it was a huge mess. They believed in fighting for and killing in the name of something they had made up but those extremist always come up again."
“Didn’t know that?” John asked with a smirk and pulled Sherlock’s shirt up slightly to run his hand again over his side, just on bare skin this time. Sherlock’s breath hitched and John took that as enough agreement to let his lips kiss down the other’s neck.
"What kind of mess is this?" John asked starring disbelievingly at the contents of the fridge. After a week of living like a human being in Sherlock's flat, he should be used to this. The first night he had found dissected mice on the kitchen table. The next day came with a loaded, historical revolver and four more holes in the wall. On day three, five human thumbs appeared in a bag in the vegetable crisper of the fridge. John didn't want to be judging, although he supposed that technically was his job. After all he didn't have a sensitive stomach, but he started to wonder how Sherlock could stay healthy within these living conditions. There were hazardous things strewn around the flat with apparently no concern. Day four started with Sherlock sitting behind the microscope and a foul smelling solution bubbling away on the stove. Day five and six saw experiments with the thumbs from day three. Now, there was a whole severed human head staring at John. He had dealt with a lot of things in his days, he was the devil after all but Sherlock's flat was a whole other kind of hell.
The other had already dropped his hands to fumble with the zip on John’s jeans. “Slowly, we’ve got time”, he rumbled, stilling Sherlock’s hands, “A lot of time and things we need to do” He brushed his hands to Sherlock’s waist and untied the silk dressing gown the other was wearing to reveal creamy skin.
"Sherlock, don't..." John warned. He didn't lose his temper easily, whatever might be said. This affair had just cost him too many nerves and too much embarrassment already.
“Hey, okay. That’s enough now” he raised his voice over the cutting remarks Sherlock was still delivering, something about the boy’s father being a drunk which was apparently visible in the way the student held his bag. There was an audible gasp as the rest of the people realised what he had just done. John didn’t care much about that and turned towards the young student, he looked barely 18 and was thoroughly frightened.
"What?" Sherlock rolled his head from side to side, working the kinks out that had formed from starring down for so long "You admitted just a few days ago that your lack of control partly caused your problem. Now, don't shush me for using it as an integral part to this case. How can you know that none of your daemons went rouge on a particularly tempting deal?"
Now, he was 27 and at the brink of death. Diagnosed with multiple organs ready to or already failing, there was nothing even his brother pulling the strings of the British government could do. Sherlock was dying and he hated it.
"Who the hell are you?" Sherlock shouted, still a bit shocked that none of his senses had picked up the presence of another human in his flat. How out of his mind was he?
“Very good”, John could swear that Sherlock’s eyes had flashed as he fell back into the persona which had taken John so aback earlier. “I think we can begin”
Sherlock just raised an eyebrow his face clearly asking what the other thought was so bad about the turn their little stroll had taken.
“Tell me where it is. I’ll have to kill it”, John chuckled, setting his pen down and closing the file on his desk.
"Every other human is stupid ergo by blending in with them..." Sherlock trailed off, leaving the rest of the sentence unspoken but clear. He needed to distance himself from the devil or he would go mad, he knew that much.
Molly squeaked even louder and hit John’s arm excited, leaning in closer “Tell me more. I need to know everything. That’s the most interesting gossip since the beginning of my first term when someone said he had auditioned people for an orgy.”
As the minutes ticked by slowly, John had some time to think back. He was curious about what he could expect, there was no way to deny that. What Sherlock had done in the club, had been… pretty. John had appreciated how the long, sinuous body had twisted and turned to the music, highlighting perfectly defined muscles and just poking a bit at your imagination. Sarah had been totally enthralled by it and none of the girls had really stopped talking for long about that show afterwards. Anna really had landed a hit. Still, Sherlock’s words were ghosting through John’s mind ‘
Right when Sherlock's fingers touched the parchment, the devil was gone and he was alone again. Sherlock allowed himself to crumple to the floor, contract clutched in his hands. It took him a moment to compose himself enough to read the words.
“I bet you’re regretting saving me” Toby said sheepishly. After the incident the boy had started to trail after Molly whenever time would allow it, by proxy keeping in John’s company. Not that John minded, Toby was nice enough and fun.
"I should probably offer more information to you." the devil hummed and looked at the fireplace for a moment before igniting it with a grin, "Feels more like home."
“Yep, and no you are not going to change my mind. I’m not good with living people and I think I would be a failure as a practicing doctor. God, I’d be scared to death to kill someone all the time, that’s not a good trait in that job.” she laughed brightly at her own failings but otherwise took them with grace “Perhaps, I’ll try to work my way up to pathologist for the police. May be more exciting than your everyday hospital morgue.”
"I didn't say that" John interjected and pressed another small kiss to Sherlock's forehead. "You are strange but no freak. Everyone brings it on themselves when they enter a deal with us but there are few who accept their decisions without trying to somehow outwit the deal."
"Sorry, but they do sound to be magic. There is no scientific answer for what you're doing." Sherlock hummed, desperately trying to shift his awareness away from his aching leg.
"He is helpful", Sherlock shrugged and lifted the coat of the corpse a bit. She was lying face down.
The silence around them was deafening and John smiled. He knew he had turned his back towards Sherlock and he had also heard enough stories to know that wasn’t something you should do. But currently he was planning on letting the other taste a bit of his own medicine, he had been here way too long to be impressed by hollow threats and big egos.
"Just wanted to give you the idea that perhaps you are better with a team to help you than pretending to be best as a single player."
"Sherlock" John called, still standing next to the corpse, trying to process what he had just witnessed, "What makes you think they'll answer?"
“Still, sleep now and decisions later.”, John stroked his hand along the side of the Omegas face and had to chuckle when the other turned his face into the hand before falling asleep.
Sherlock was a bit reluctant but he couldn't really pretend he was busy anymore. He wasn't sure why he felt this hesitant to talk to John about his cases. They were all written out on the Internet, free for anyone to find and read. Still, walking John through them step by step seemed almost as if he was admitting to something. The problem was, Sherlock didn't know what that was. "There is not that much more then what Lestrade wrote in his reports."
Then he had pushed the liquid joy into his veins and the daemon had disappeared. Sherlock had thought of it as another victory. Oh, how wrong he had been; young and stupid and too full of himself.
“Oh god, more please”, Sherlock moaned and pressed his face into the crock between John’s neck and shoulder. John felt the short breaths and small whimpers hit his skin and had to bite his own lip. He had never thought that having someone come completely undone in your lap with only a hand job could be this hot. Sherlock’s body, with his hands clinging onto John for dear life, taught him otherwise.
“They just had to look at her shoes. The answer was right in front of their faces the entire time. How did these people manage to pass their public exams and which faculty deemed them competent enough to be the ones dealing with murders?”
"She does that, ignore her", Sherlock waved the words away while looking around Lestrade's office. Little changes would always inform him about current goings-on and it was still easy to surprise the DI with information gathered through the simple task of observing.
"I'm not but all I can do is theoretical. I can weave together the net needed to catch him. I can plan stake outs and tell Lestrade when, where and how to take him down. I can do all of that, but I cannot catch him myself. I can barely stand up for longer than five minutes."
Happy Easter to everyone who is celebrating it in whatever way. Here's the last chapter for Act 2. I'm once again greatful for the kind comments you left me and for everyone who has read :) I'll see you again with that little extra chapter which I had somehow forgotten to count. I can't yet make a guess at how much time I'll need befor there is an update. Just know there is a chapter coming all on its own before Act 3 starts and concludes this story. See you there :)
“Oh god, it’s killing me” John sighed and dropped into the chair next to Molly in the library, letting his forehead hit the desk.
Really, there was nothing left for John, he was hopelessly caught in the sight. He should have been embarrassed at his straining erection but all he could focus on was the tantalising body just out of his reach. He suspected that part of this raging sensation was that he wasn’t allowed to touch. John only got what Sherlock wanted to give and it was driving him positively insane.
"So what would have happened if you hadn't made the new deal with me? How would I have met my end then?" Sherlock asked, intrigued by the line of thought they were exploring while his body got more and more used to their close contact. He wasn't sure if John had planned the diversion but it worked wonders on his mind. Now he had a topic to concentrate on instead of worrying about the next steps.
"I help the police when they are out of their depth, which is always", he explained. For the devil the other was incredibly slow, Sherlock doubted for a moment if this had been a good idea.
"Well, for one I figured out that surprisingly, you make quite the desirable partner when you don't try to kill me."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and answered somewhat petulantly "I functioned perfectly well before you started interfering."
"Hey, you were the one who managed to ignore his needs until he was on death's door. Not my fault for helping." John tried to stay calm. It had taken him a few centuries to get his anger management under control, there was no need breaking the streak but he really didn't enjoy not being the most powerful in the room.
A rough pull later, the other was back on his lap, their mouths pressed together hastily. Their bodies fitting back together in the new position seamlessly. Like this John could feel that long body again, holding him with one arm, the other hand still buried in that nest of curls. He would never let go of them.
John huffed amused. That was some strange evening he was having, standing in the middle of the most talked about and feared student’s flat and being ignored. If he had taken it personally, his pride definitely would’ve been wounded now. He was beginning to question where all the rumours originated from. So far he had intruded in Sherlock’s flat without permission, hadn’t budged or shown himself out when clearly asked to and nothing frightening had happened. There were no biting remarks, threats to expose some weird, screwed up secret, bodily harm or some dark ritual going on he would be sacrificed in. Yes, students could be colourful when spreading stories.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and got up, "I help the police. With enough incentive and time frames Lestrade might let me dig through the archive. If any of your victims have been recorded, I will find them at NSY. Otherwise we will have to begin this case by waiting and I can tell none of us would appreciate that."
John shrugged and continued to make his, how he thought well deserved, cup of tea and slumped down on the couch. He was relishing in the luxury of actually being able to use their couch for about a week now. That was how long Sherlock had already stayed confined to his own room whenever they were at home. It wasn’t by far the most eccentric behaviour the detective had shown, but slowly John was beginning to wonder what went on behind the old wooden door. Two days ago his curiosity had gotten the better of him and while the other had been out annoying Molly at Bart’s, he had tentatively ventured into the room expecting some sort of experimental setup or perhaps even aliens.
John’s lips curled up in a gentle smile, “You don’t meet many people then? Or you don’t try to see them for much more when you thing they are all boring.”
"I can and I will as long as they are imbeciles. When they start using their brains instead of just wasting Oxygen, I will reconsider my behaviour" Sherlock hummed, looking at the victims clothes.
“I need to shower first, give me ten minutes and I’ll be over.” He called nonchalantly over his shoulder. John was still taken aback, not sure if he being offered a private dance by that man wasn’t just a very wistful dream after all.
"I'm a consulting detective, only one in the world" Sherlock quickly answered with not a small amount of pride. The title had taken a bit to come up with. His duties though had been as clear as day when by chance he had stumbled across a crime scene. His quick-fire solution to the case had kept the officer from asking too many questions. But the feeling afterward had bested every cocaine hit, he ever had.
As soon as his pen lifted, the parchment fluttered away from the table into the devil's waiting hand. "Let's see what you've come with." he murmured, reading the handwritten words. That he was suprised at what he read was the least to say. The sentences were clean cut, no superflous subordinate clauses or conjunctions. Intentions behind each paragraph were obvious and watertight. After just a few lines, he knew there wouldn't be a loop hole to find. Sherlock had thought of everything, making sure that not only his soul would be transfered in whole and its original state, but also that no daemon or devil would have a right to recall the deal. Furthermore, he made sure his timer until death would be reset to run the course of a normal human being, specificly one that hadn't heavily experimented with recreational substances in his youth. What made the devil smirk, was a little line about how every daemon who would from then on show up to strike a deal, would automatically consent to being used in any experiment Sherlock could think of. That would definitely keep them on their toes and he apprechaited how even under pressure Sherlock couldn't help but keep that little edge. All in all, there really was nothing to hold against this contract.
The Omega was completely putty in John’s hands, quivering against his chest. It took some control from the doctor to hold himself back long enough for the dark haired ones to gather his wits enough to give an answer.
“Well, then talk away”, John offered and sat down in his desk chair, arms crossed in front of his chest, “But be aware that I don’t have all day.”
“Really?”, John huffed and looked at the other a bit more intensely, “You are already emitting pheromones. You should know that. I’m still sitting calmly here and having this conversation with you, am I not? It’s fine and whatever you will request is fine as long as it’s not stupid like letting you out of the flat in the state you are in. I know this isn’t what you wished for but for the next days you will have to cope with my flat.”
“Oh god”, he groaned, when his senses were assaulted with the Alpha pheromones, still lingering in John’s bed. “John?”, Sherlock croaked, just hoping the other would hear him as he pushed off the covers, trying to cool down his feverish body.
Sherlock just stretched out his arm with an upturned palm, not moving which lead to Lestrade having to step nearer.
John's breath stopped for a split second. It felt like they were hanging in the balance with the situation able to tip either side. For a moment it was too much potential to properly process.
"By ordering a cocktail? He must have been awfully sure then that someone finds it. I mean it is understandable that he had to charm his way onto the good side of at least a few people, you cannot get everything with intimidation. But ordering a cocktail called 'Better Than the Devil' and having it be a message, really implies you are damn sure to be found out." Sherlock huffed and scribbled a few notes on a blank piece of paper.
The silence was tense until Sherlock shifted. He looked over his shoulder. John waited, raising an eyebrow slightly. "Could we find a compromise?"
"He was the immediate danger after all" John reasoned, "Why would you have expected there to be someone else?"
Suddenly the melody picked up its pace. Sherlock timed his moves perfectly to the new beat, his body shamelessly using every accent provided. Just like earlier in the club, John was completely enthralled. The rational part of his brain knew, this was all designed to make him gasp for more, it was all just a game. John’s only problem was though that the rational part had just been slaughtered and left to die. He had to bite his lower lip, letting the pain be something real within the haze of lust. He was hard pressed to find a moment he remembered feeling anything even close to this before.
“Nah” she shook her head, looking over to where someone was apparently getting a good dressing down by Sherlock “He’s too much of an arse and probably gay either way.”
John was forced into silence for a moment to control his racing thoughts. He needed to be careful with the words he chose. He had brought himself into this situation, allowing it go on for too long, so it was no use searching for guilt somewhere else.
"You know, he's better than you think. He has a strong instinct but a good control on his biases." John hummed, stepping closer to where Sherlock was hovering over the corpse, "His gut says there is something wrong but his mind wants objective proof first before he decides. Really, he managed to find the right job."
It was obvious that the devil had to reign himself in, rendering the situation even more interesting for Sherlock. He knew, he was treading on thin ice but apparently he really could offer the devil something he needed. Interesting, leverage points were always interesting and useful.
"Actually, I don't" Sherlock groaned, shifting on the couch until he had found an acceptable position with his leg up on the coffee table, "You just say so and want me to believe you."
The deep voice chuckled and the owner put down a pair of tweezers, rising form the table at the opposite side of the room. “Well, it is my flat. So, I hate to repeat myself but what are you doing here?”
Autumn truly had London in its claws now and dodging beneath trees or jumping through hedges had left their coats awfully damp and covered in fallen leaves. They had just escaped the wrath of an antiquities dealer who was selling stolen goods surprisingly open in his little shop. Sherlock had insisted that they were able to get the needed information themselves without having to go through the official routine and Lestrade. Somehow thieves weren’t that into someone photographing their trophies and their accurate accounting about each and every offence. John still couldn’t understand how stupid one had to be to not try and conceal anything at all. In the end, they had rather taken the route of a quick escape than risking a fight with the dreaded official consequences. Still, the shopkeeper had been remarkably fit and Sherlock had to use all his wits and knowledge of London’s streets to shake him off, all while texting Lestrade with the little hint that he might want to check up on that particular antique shop.
“What else should I be doing in your opinion?” John asked, having sat back. Sherlock was still sprawled on the bed, legs just lying how they had fallen.
"Well, you told me in the beginning that holy items were why you couldn't sniff him out and it was just very obvious that you stayed back." Sherlock shrugged.
“Good” Sherlock almost pounced with the confirmation, making quick work of getting John’s cock in his hands. John wasn’t sure who moaned louder when Sherlock tightly pressed his lips over the tip of it. The tight, wet heat combined with the strong grip around his base made John go utterly putty. No one could have withstood the cheeky look Sherlock shot John before he let the other’s cock push down to the back of his throat. Out of reflex, John’s hand flew to the back of Sherlock’s head, gently scraping his fingers against the neck. For a short moment he was surprised at the silky texture of the dark hair but Sherlock quickly got his attention back with swallowing around his cock hard.
At 20, he was content with the idea of dying young. It would make for a much prettier picture, wouldn't it? No one wants to look at you when you are 80, dead or alive. It would be better if he died before the effects of natural aging could be seen negatively on his face.
“Can I… well, can I stay in your bed?”, the Omega was leaning into John’s side, holding on to his waist.
“No, really. People might surprise you if you took two minutes to actually talk to them.” John said with a shrug, “Remember Toby? He’s a pretty okay kid. Well, at least he turned out to be after he had recovered from your vicious attack.”
Initially, Sherlock was silent. Their argument hadn't gotten loud per se, just more heated. While they hadn't raised their voices, you could feel the growing force with which every word was spoken. It was a weird sensation for Sherlock. He was used to people screaming and shouting at him. They got louder because their arguments got less convincing. He never had been in a situation like this before where he got the feeling that he might not have found all the possible routes of reason. He usually was the one having the overview while everyone else was blundering about in the dark but it seemed that he was missing something that John saw clearly.
“Oh yes, right. The point was you telling me why you stalked me for two weeks and then stopped as if I suddenly got infected with an airborne disease.”
"Yeah, how long did you think that was the case before you sold your soul when you realised it was a mess?" John groaned "Don't answer that. You ignore yourself too much."
“I don’t want you to control yourself.”, Sherlock purred and pressed his body up against the Alphas. He didn’t have experience with seduction and only thought about recreating whatever he had seen in porn films, which clearly weren’t the best source. “Don’t leave again.”
"Because I feel like wasting time. No, because I need to know why he does what he does. Why does he get all these people to make deals for him? What does he get from it? Shouldn't he have everything he needs by now? There were two victims in short succession. Doesn't a man have all he needs by now? There is something bigger behind this." Sherlock snapped, gnawing at his lips. He was still missing a vital piece.
He didn’t really want to think too much about what had happened. But god, that image would be burned into his mind forever. He was entirely sure that his eyes must have been as big as saucers as he watched the dancer, his bloody neighbour, writhe in front of them. Surely there had been nothing to suggest that profession, had there? John didn’t think he was that blind. He had been meeting this man every morning for the past three months now. How could he never have noticed a hint at the other’s day or better night job?
"Lestrade, get Anderson off the scene. I need whatever information there is and not the hairs of Sally's cat distorting everything." Sherlock called, not having set more than two steps out of the cab, "How long is your wife away for? Oh, no you're getting cockier. Really, Anderson don't underestimate her. Although, she was apparently stupid enough to marry you, she's closer on your tail than you think." Before the technician could even think of an answer, Sherlock had brushed past him towards the corpse. Crouching down next to it when Lestrade finally caught up with him.
"Hmm, yes. Quite." Mycroft sighs deeply, again lost in thought. "We tell people it was a family pet, but Redbeard was adopted as a puppy when Sherlock was a baby, and Sherlock was mostly the one to take care of him. We did not relate well to other children, as I'm sure you can imagine-- for ten years, Redbeard was Sherlock's closest and only friend."
"I loved him," he said again. Defiant, almost like a challenge; daring John to hear it and daring John to believe it. He remained in the kitchen, up on his feet and looming over John like a vengeful, furious shadow. "And he said that he loved me. It never would've worked, though. He could never get past how guilty he felt. He looked at me and on some level always just saw the stupid, conceited boy that had been with Oscar, and that was it. He could never bring himself to do more than kiss me. By the end I was twenty, and smarter than him, and I was on more coke than he could ever take but he still couldn't do it. Some part of him always saw me as fifteen, and naive, and-- a child. A child that needed to be taken care of."
He didn't want to be glad for it. He was grateful for how she'd been there for him after Sherlock's death, and he would
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut, his breaths wrenching in through clenched teeth and his heart suddenly pounding in his ears. He digs his hands deeper into the warm fur instead, listening to Bosco pant. He's just slightly dizzy, like the grass underneath his feet has turned to liquid, and the air is hot and humid and cloying, and he has to hang on to Bosco's neck for dear life.
It's only a sprain. He'd twisted it on the ice and landed flat on his back. There was never any trauma to his leg sufficient to break the bone. It's not worth the effort to unfold his frozen solid fingers to explain this via text message, and more to the point, the only thing that will actually convince John is an X-ray. Not that Sherlock ordinarily would care, but-- he figures he has put John through enough today. This week. These past eight months.
it's too much. He even moves his finger back and forth as if John's not already done that three times in the past hour. He's too crestfallen to tease him for it, or smack his hand away.
As if he could read his mind, Sherlock slumped just a little more in his seat, still frowning out the window and his mouth slipping into even more of a pout. "All right," he muttered, almost outright sulking. "I'll give the scene a look."
Sherlock inclined his head, his pale face unreadable. "Yes, Oscar," he murmured. And then this man, this
It was an odd feeling-- this new, smoldering resentment at Mary. Because he'd watched that DVD, all right. He'd watched the night Sherlock had nearly been strangled to death in his own hospital bed. And then he'd watched it again, the night after. He'd watched it again and again, his anger growing more and more each time, until he'd snapped the bloody thing over his knee and thrown the pieces into the fire.
"My brother," he gasped. Why? Why were the words suddenly sticking again and why was it hard to breathe? He worked a shaking hand at his collar, feeling hot and filthy, but Oscar's hand folded over his own and slid another button undone.
Somehow, he wasn't exactly surprised when Sherlock's answer was simply to look at his hand with nothing less than outright disgust. "Well," he sneered, "the universe does love to make fools of us all. Some of us... more than others."
Well, John figures, if Sherlock doesn't need to be minded today? Then he'll be glad to comply. All Sherlock has to do is speak up and say so, and John will give him whatever it is he asks for.
Sherlock looked silently back up at him, blue-green eyes meeting his through his lashes. He still did not move, clean-shaven and clear-eyed and so
There was a fucking difference between Sherlock hurting himself with needles and dangerous drugs, and John hating himself because he'd done a horrible thing. Because he was
He slept in a pseudo-coma the first many times that John checked on him, unmoving and curled on his side. At half past nine, his leg kicked when John stuck his head in again, his long fingers flexing like he was playing an invisible piano. He groaned, mumbled, and flopped on his stomach at half past ten, and chewed gently on the corner of his pillowcase at five minutes to eleven.
One of Sherlock's only friends had died, taking a bullet that was meant for him. Said friend had then left him a bloody message from beyond the grave, telling him he'd best kill himself to fix it, or die trying. And meanwhile, his best friend had excised him entirely out of his life, taking his goddaughter with him, and left him with nothing more than a letter spelling out in very explicit detail that all of it was his fault, and said best friend wished he'd stayed dead.
"Let's fix this, first, hmm?" John carefully wrenches it upright, watching how Sherlock's eyes follow it. He clearly doesn't like the needle, but he's in no position to yank it out. Desperately small mercies. "Just antibiotics, Sherlock. You've had a fever for days. You can probably tell, can't you? I'm sure you can feel it. It's partly why you feel so confused, right now. You need to lie down."
They exchange a few more bites of cake, John's ability to understand what Sherlock signs degrading with each additional sip of wine. He makes up for it by tangling his free hand with Sherlock's, trapping it in a way that renders him more mute than he already is, but this time, he finds himself all right with it. It's even more of an incentive to drag himself the final few inches and unstick his throat.
"Magnussen remains a problem," he starts, steepling his fingers. "For all of us. Believe it or not, Mycroft can't state sanction a murder, but it's in everyone's best interest if Magnussen is removed from the equation."
but the facts were that Sherlock had stepped off a rooftop and John was his best friend. John should've known. He should've--
"I don't know," he says, still frowning at the ceiling. "He doesn't talk to me, either. I'm guessing I'll get a paragraph long text from him in a few and he'll expect me to translate it for you."
Sherlock blinked again, this time like he was coming alive rather than online, then scoffed. "Don't be ridiculous." He swept past him with his coat flaring at his heels, eyes bright again and hard like glass, so quickly that John had to scramble to keep up. And that was that. The conversation was done.
he didn't care. Whatever Sherlock had done or wanted to do, his life was better with this man not in it.
"John doesn't want... me to. John doesn't..." Sherlock sniffed again, seeming to struggle for air, gulping heavily. "He'd hate me forrrit, Mycroft. I can't do it again, he, he won't. He'll leave. He'll take Ross... Rosie. I
John wasn't worried. Oscar had taken advantage of Sherlock, but he wasn't the type to show up drunken and raving on the street, screaming to be let in. And even if he was, Sherlock didn't need Mycroft's men to protect him. He didn't even need John-- he'd proven that tonight.
"Your brain's still going a mile a minute, isn't it? I can see it." He moved even closer, his voice dropped to a low husk and his moist lips moving against his ear. "What are you thinking about?"
Mycroft's eyes widened minutely. He did not display his surprise with any more than that, but John was already turning away, grabbing for his jacket and shoes as fast as he could. "Sherlock called you, and not me, for a reason. He trusts you more than me right now."
John isn't sure how long he sits there for. It's certainly longer than he's supposed to be allowed, because a nurse comes in twice, noting down Sherlock's dreadful vitals and the second time cleaning at the oozing stitches on his less-devastated arm. Mycroft's influence, then. Mycroft is the reason why John is
"John. I have an entire floor of medical staff at my disposal, and an entire team of the most overpriced bodyguards in all of the commonwealth.
It's disgusting as it is predictable. Because he has seen this coming, of course. He has been told by just about everyone he has ever met, how
room, and his insight is worth several dozen times more than any of the rubbish spewed by any of these
John glanced away again, not looking particularly happy at all to have gotten his way. Lestrade, on the other hand, was especially wrong-footed, gone dead silent and not wanting to speak up at all.
He feels sick and jumpy and ridiculous. There are still crime scenes and clients that he turns down because they are too close to things he does not want to remember, and still so many things that he can no longer do because in every way that he is still amazing, there is now another in which he is defective.
Ella sat forward a bit, still almost painfully neutral, as if she was trying to keep him calm. "I understand the situation was genuinely very abnormal, for multiple reasons, and can't be compared to any other that easily. I also don't know Sherlock very well himself, so my impressions of him are only from what you've told me and his public persona, so shouldn't be mistaken as a clinical assessment of any kind."
There's blood smeared on the white floor. Not much, and there's about a dozen places on Sherlock it could've come from, and Sherlock is still wearing only a hospital gown. The many injuries are on display, crowding for space on his skinny, bare limbs, and John still can't hazard a guess where it came from. There's too much on him that's hurt.
But John was already smirking when Sherlock looked to him, still tired but now particularly pleased with himself, even as he worked himself up out of the chair to peer curiously at Milgram. "You ran off last night before anyone could get a proper look at you. Don't look like that, I saw you wrestling with that bloody assassin, you were strangled, Sherlock! That can cause internal damage; you
The case is, indeed, incredible. The sort of case that is enough to get Lestrade to be called in on the weekends is also exactly the sort of case that Sherlock loves. It's probably a bit not good, that the crime rate in London is the biggest part of what gets John through the day, but he's a long ways past caring.
Oscar pressed his mouth against Sherlock's. Very quickly, very gently, his tongue just brushing against Sherlock's stunned lips. Then he stood back again, and cuffed his ear with the most affectionate smile he'd ever been given.
Lestrade jogs in through the entrance all in a rush himself, catching up to Sherlock with a hand on his back and noticing the oncoming security just as John had. He works out his badge, using it to wave them off, taking control of the situation, and-- that's it. There it is. That's the end of it.
Thank you all for the comments/kudos!!! It's been an absolutely wonderful ride for me, and I'm glad so many of you had fun along the way as well!!!
Lestrade glanced up idly, barely even bothering to raise his head. His next grumble came out muffled. "You're so much more pleasant to be around when your handler is here. Where is he, again?"
John wanted nothing more than to tell him to just call this entire date off, try again another day, and then, pull the bloody idiot into a hug.
"The age difference," he started again, still fishing for the slightest bit of dry land. "Not so much now, at our ages, but when they were first involved. I know times were different back then, and things that aren't okay were still accepted then. But even so..."
"I was clever, of course," Sherlock went on. Casually again, like he wasn't bothered at all. "More than clever enough for him. But also-- stupid. Very, very stupid."
John gave an affirmative sort of grunt, head tilted back to his chair. He made no further attempt to speak at all.
He looked at Oscar, at his split lip and smug face and the smarmy way he dabbed at the scrape, and there was
John stood there in the doorway. Right there, breathless and damp and ragged all over from from a sprint to catch the last ferry of the night, his luggage exchanged for the shape of his gun underneath his jumper.
"No, Sherlock," John said, almost teasing, now. He smiled faintly, looking at him with the sort of patience one might treat a small child with. "
This was what John had been doing, these past several weeks. This was why he'd been so distracted and especially affectionate all at once. He'd been in talks with Cambridge, and planning a bloody book.
"Went a lot quicker than I thought, with the movers," John goes on, conversational and casual. He plucks another bite of pork swimming in grains of rice. "Though I think some of the tabloids caught a few pictures and are now running headlines that Mary kicked me out because I was sleeping with you. Sorry about that." He's smiling, still, he's smiling and digging into Chinese takeaway, and he hands over a packet of sugar for Sherlock's tea. "I'd also apologise for leaving the flat a wreck, but you'd already took care of that all by yourself, so. More sugar?"
John is right. It's unfair and a shade away from cruel, but he's right. Sherlock inhales deeply, working upright to gauge the containers for himself. "So you got me miso soup instead. John. This place's miso soup is two parts scrap of green onion- one singular green onion- three parts flakes of tofu, and ten parts flavoured water."
John picked her up at once. She immediately hugged around his neck and he hugged her back, stroking her very short, very soft hair. Honey-gold, just like her mother's.
Then he strode back across the restaurant, slid in a detour around Oscar's back, and instead toward the table of the two journalists from the Sun.
Sherlock, still slumped and unhappy behind him, just about submerged all the way into his glass of water, ended up making the decision for him.
His own set of nerves flipped around on its head, unhappy anxiety sent straight into a sullen grumble. What the hell was Mycroft doing here? "Sherlock's not here," he started, relaxing back into his chair. "If you want to give him a case or--"
He shakes his shoulder gently, knowing only a soft jostling is needed to prod him out of the palace. "Sherlock. It's late."
John wakes up seven minutes before his Saturday morning alarm, buried securely under the blankets and with Sherlock's idle hand in his hair.
Sherlock rolled his eyes a second time. Tabloid drivel. Why would he ever waste his time filling his hard-drive with such rubbish?
He keeps up his meant to be soothing litany of what is probably babbling nonsense. Gently coaxing Sherlock back to him, with endearments and soft praise, because Sherlock absorbs praise like a sponge. It works, very slowly, Sherlock's heart still thundering beneath his hand, but it's all John can do. And it's not enough. It will never be anywhere near enough.
"No," he said shortly. He clenched his fingers together in his lap, forcing himself to breathe deeply again. "If she wants to actually apologise, then maybe. But I have a daughter now. I can't have someone like that in her life."
Sherlock rolls upright, one hand fisting in the sheets and other still fisted into his shirt. He just sits there on the edge of the bed, his mouth moving silently, but no sound comes out. No sound ever comes out, because John
"I don't--" He frowned back. A quick skim through the palace confirmed it: no existing data for how he was meant to respond. What sort of question was that? "I feel fine, of course."
Sherlock exhales an irritated breath, rolling his eyes heavenward. Once again, he is as put out and annoyed as an exasperated teenager. He nods his head exactly once, giving John a look that drips with condescension.
Sherlock leans back, as comfortable as a man can possibly get when using a cold streetlight for a crutch and with sticky wine still drying on his face. He settles himself in to watch the show, and for a truly bizarre moment, really wishes he had some popcorn to go along with it.
and what's John supposed to do? He's tense as a board and shaking, and he still can't speak if he doesn't want something or there's something that he needs, and he knows there's no way Sherlock is ready for what John wants to do. As much as John hates it, what Sherlock needs more than anything else right now is almost assuredly a moment alone.
He obviously believes he can do it; if he didn't, why else would he have tried to get their attention? And that's the biggest hurdle, isn't it, getting Sherlock to actually believe in himself? He only has to go just a little bit further, just one word, that's all he needs, just one word. John knows it. He only needs just one word to break through and he's trying. He's so close. He can
"Almost done." He showed Oscar the paper he was nearly finished notating, and the appreciative murmur made something go warm inside. He'd have finished it hours ago but between classes, and research, and teaching Oscar's class, and-- but it was fine. He wasn't a normal student. He was better, he was smarter than
One last very long chapter tonight, and no surprises here... it's the moment we've been waiting for!!!
It will be something quick and clever, perhaps an especially smart deduction, or an especially deserved insult to Anderson. When there's a spotlight on him and the stage of a crime scene, and he is the diva on stage. Or he can wait until Mycroft stops by next to exude his smugness all over the flat, and Sherlock simply needs to pop the balloon of his existence to shreds. Or even simpler than that, all he truly needs to do is just wait for the right moment to say just the right thing to John. Something big and flashy and wonderful, something to inspire John's awe and praise and love for him. The perfect words to end this
"It is! It is a question of fault, and it's mine! Sherlock didn't do anything wrong! He was only ever trying to help me, that's
"Did you know that Victor Trevor is currently an unemployed drug addict, after dropping out of Cambridge last spring? Just a month before he was meant to graduate, as a matter of fact. His PI was the same that you have chosen to be your mentor. Dr. Oscar Wilson."
John shuts his laptop when it's been hours, hours and stupid hours. He rests it on Sherlock's legs where it's hot and noisy and looks down at him with a triumphant sort of yawn. "Post is done," he announces, one arm still around him. "Finally. You want to watch something?"
Because John was waiting for him to react, watching him, growing more and more unsettled the longer Sherlock just sat there like a statue, and the longer it went on, the more John thought he'd done something
His face hurt. The centrifuge whirred over his head, ticking away the seconds with each rhythmic turn, establishing a pattern against the thunk of the old air conditioner. The door swinging open and shut down the hall. The footsteps on the floor above him, the steady pacing that guaranteed it to be a late night class.
"'Kay. I'll get out of your hair soon-- please try and get something down later, though. You skipped dinner last night, too."
It's sustainable, what they have. Sherlock no longer limps. He no longer winces when he inhales too deeply, and he is no longer so deeply unsettled when someone touches him unawares that it shows on his tense face. He did all the physical therapy that they asked, though it was a bit like pulling teeth, and now he can bend and straighten his arm again without difficulty. He eats as well as he can. He sleeps as well as he can. He does both, and John has just given up on figuring out how much of what he still can not do is because of trauma, and how much of it is just in how Sherlock's massive brain has always worked and always will. He takes cases, and he still beams with sheer ecstasy at the gift of a nice murder, and he knows the pulse of London's beating heart.
Sherlock opens his mouth, the words already in his throat, then snaps it shut it again. He wets his lips and as good as confesses it right then and there.
For a little over a week, the headlines in every supermarket tabloid bounced between the affairs of the monarchy, and the sexuality of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock did not go to the supermarket himself, but John had, with a little prodding, passed on that there were a fantastic amount of photoshops with a fantastic number of men. Many of the headlines hinted at a story twice as salacious as Janine's.
Next up on the docket was Dr. Jacequline Macron, a lecturer in pharmacology. She, too, had been around Cambridge since Sherlock would've been a student here, and this time, she was already on her own way out the door. She was even more direct than her colleague. "All alone today? Sherlock always was a little flakey."
John moves back home, and then he realises what he's done. He realises Sherlock will never go on a traditional date, because he'll not ever want to. He realises Sherlock is a high-functioning sociopath who will disregard anniversaries and delete everything that matters, because he is cruel and and a machine and heartless, and will never be able to give John what he needs. He realises Sherlock will make inappropriate deductions at the worst of times, and he will make their friends cry, and no amount of
But Sherlock doesn't slow down. If anything, he gets even more agitated, and no matter how calmly and steadily John speaks, it doesn't calm him down. He keeps trying to sign no matter how much it hurts him, and it's clear he's not in any state to listen. He never calmed down properly at all, not after being manhandled and pinned down and hurt by that
He ambled back to Sherlock's side after a few minutes, two cups of tea in hand and frozen peas over one arm. Sherlock still had not moved. "Here you go," he said, sitting across from him and nodding to his face. Sherlock had a split lip, and knowing him, it was a fifty fifty chance between walking into someone's fist, and walking into a door. "Let's just--"
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, you were--" John cut off to squeeze his eyes shut, fighting back another wave of fury. "What would you say, if Lestrade brought home the new intern at the Yard? The sixteen year old girl that's still in school?"
character. To which John seemed relatively indifferent towards, but Sherlock could not have been more grateful. The press had called him everything, at one time or another-- from a freak to a genius to a murderer. He was nearly forty years old. He could live with a few photoshopped headlines of him snogging another man.
He stares back at him, a silent, unspoken threat. There's a baseball bat propped against the wall, an autographed gift from a client. John will fucking use it. "I'm not going to ask again."
The politician is already standing, with an almost insufferably indifferent air. He does not need John to shepherd him out the door, because he is already making for it, the files cleaned back up and tucked away to his chest. But he lingers when he reaches the door, staring right at John with piercing, pale eyes-- and just like Sherlock, he does not need to speak, for what he wants to be known.
That night, after John has stumbled into bed, and then some. Hours later, when he is very, very sure that John is absolutely, dead asleep.
Sherlock drops his head back against the filthy wall, and sits there in the rubbish and the cold, and sucks in the deepest breath that he can.
By the answering look on John's face, his smile still quick and bright and clever and sure, John knows it, just as well as Sherlock.
All Sherlock is able to do now is claw his voice back from the six rotting corpses that stole it from him, syllable by syllable, until it is clutched back in his own bleeding hands.
No. The sort of woman who could shoot his best friend in the heart, threaten him while still in his hospital bed, and then pull a gun on him again when all he was asking for was the truth, was not the right person for him.
and he still can't speak. He is scared and all he needs to banish Mycroft out of the flat is one single word, and he still can't do it. "Rehab worked just fine for him before. He hates it at the time, and complains, but it's for his own good-- surely, you understand th--"
It takes a few moments, but finally, the bleary blink comes. Then his eyes sharpen and focus, clear blue locked with his.
, Sherlock. No, really, I mean it, that's-- of course I'll help you. Whatever you need. I'll..." He looked around uselessly, as if
"Shut up. You're me." He closes his eyes through a shudder, reveling in the sensation of John's fingers in his hair, his arms around his shoulders. "I still can't speak."
"A bit, in a way-- Sherlock, come on, sit down." John squeezed his hand again and pulled, very gently, bringing Sherlock down fully into his chair, and once there he just stroked the inside of his wrist in that way of his, the way he did when he wanted to help calm him down. "Like I said, nothing without permission. But you and Victor weren't the only students who had their work stolen by Oscar. You also were the last student that he-- slept with--" His jaw clenched again, his eyes dark. John, Sherlock knew, hated to speak about it like that. He hated the words Sherlock used to describe it, and how they still tended to be positive and light and...
He says the word like it's absurd, it's laughable, like the very thought of these people trying to hurt him is the funniest joke Sherlock has ever told. "You think I'm scared of of these shit pieces of human
Gently, at first, in case he was wrong. In case Sherlock didn't want this, to give him the room to back away. But he didn't. Sherlock
fancy. It's posh to the point of showing off and John feels his blood pressure rising every time he passes by another state of the art nurses' station or catches a glimpse of Sherlock's electronic chart, and all he can think about is the chipping paint and duct-taped tubing in the lab at Bart's.
as if he was one wrong word away from just opening the door himself right in the middle of traffic. He'd been uncomfortable when talking about the assault, and he'd approaching upset when they'd turned to Mary. This? This was neither of those things. Sherlock wasn't distressed. This Sherlock was merely annoyed.
He's seen the pictures of the other four. Dead at the scene of the crime, those pathetic excuses for life removed from existence before he'd gotten the chance to do it himself. Splattered with blood that wasn't their own, facedown on the floor of a grimy warehouse next to slick knives, and dripping pliers, and snapped handcuffs.
The idea makes Sherlock's stomach twist, and he shakes his head without hesitation. No. He uses Francis to learn possible strategies to try, and as a textbook to pry details from, and as a source to interrogate, to find out what is normal and what is not. Not-- he will not have a breakthrough in
Sherlock struggles. Sherlock has to be dragged through the slightest inconvenience with a toddler's level of kicking and screaming. Sherlock is, to his very core, a fighter.
But after drowning his sorrows in one too many drinks the night before, tossing and turning in a restless, horrible sleep, and rolling out of bed sick to his stomach and feeling even more like a piece of trash than usual the next morning, he knew that he just couldn't put this off any longer. It was killing him to wait, and he wasn't spending the days working out what he was going to say. He just sat there, stewing, feeling worse and worse about himself, and there just had to come a point where it stopped.
"You are a terribly ungrateful creature," he muttered to it one day, when John was very, very safely out of the flat. "You know this. Yes?"
he bellows, hauling his girlfriend along another step. She yelps and nearly drops the towel, revealing a black eye and a head injury that definitely needs looking at. "Someone needs to see us!
But this was the wrong thing to say, because now John's face falls, and he looks even worse than before. "Jesus-" He drops his head, his hands clenching, "you- Sherlock Holmes taught me how to waltz for my fucking
Between the two of them, they manage to get a still resistant Sherlock onto his feet. He is heavy and shaking on his feet, dependent on both of them to stay upright, and Donovan takes one look before beating a hasty retreat. She is willing to be cordial to Sherlock, but seeing him like this is clearly a step too far.
Sherlock was limp and unresisting, allowing John to gently fold him upright and pull him out of the long folds of the Belstaff. After long hours of sitting in a filthy alley filled with rubbish, it was going to need to be dry-cleaned. Next he tugged off the suit jacket and his shoes, and then he freed a few of the buttons on his shirt, enough that it no longer put any pressure on his throat, not so much as to actually expose anything. It wasn't that he hadn't seen Sherlock in much more extreme states of undress-- courtesy of Sherlock being Sherlock-- but something about these circumstances made it feel wrong.
In something of a daze and fog, his movements guided through a trance, with an extremely worried Molly walking with them to the taxi and John holding his hand in the backseat like he's a child. He's handed a hot cup of tea with too much sugar, because that's the way John makes it when he's worried; he always overestimates how much sugar Sherlock wants. He's not made to eat anything. They shower, which means Sherlock sits there under the hot spray while John cards through the sweaty, sticky mess with stiff fingers and a look on his face that is too much to take. (He doesn't remember where his clothes went. He doesn't remember John even taking them off.)
Because this made John happy. Because John wanted him to be normal, and this was what normal people did. Dates. Relationships.
"I'm coming back," he chokes. His face crumples into John's hideous jumper and it's unforgivable. "I'm coming back, John," and John's fingers bury in his hair and his breath slides into Sherlock's chest there's nothing left of him at all, and the fraying threads of himself are stitched together solely by the warmth of John Watson.
"Thank you," John sighs. He cradles the cup with his watering eyes shut, not sipping yet but just hugging it to his chest, like a child with a stuffed toy. He's gone a little green, and Sherlock is this time content to hand him his dressing gown from across the room. "Thanks again. Now--"
He snipped the final stitch instead, and gently pressed a cotton ball to the mark, absorbing the few drops of fresh blood to keep it clear from Sherlock's eyes. "All done," he murmured. It felt like he was fighting his voice out past a nest of cacti in his throat.
The crime scene was was an office near the end of the corridor, where the professor had been discovered shot dead and bleeding by one of his graduate students. It was cramped and crowded, too crowded for even Sherlock to bulldoze his way through, and John ended up waiting in the corridor with an increasingly sulky genius consulting detective as they waited for the forensics team to slowly file their way out. By the look on his face, anyone who so much as looked at him the wrong way had a solid chance at winding up with a knife in the back.
Sherlock keeps his mouth shut and his face hidden, and John continues on, just like that, until Lestrade gets back with the car.
Soon, he'll have poured himself into his own bed, where he has plans to stay, possibly until his head stops hurting, possibly until the end of time. Either one sounds good, right about now. Especially if Sherlock is in a good mood.
He's tired of not having anything to say, and he's tired of the fact that nobody's listening to him even if he tries.
John was smiling again. A small and dangerous smile, the one that wasn't quite a smile at all, and instead was entirely ex-army doctor that would be a fatal mistake to cross. He reached out to trap Sherlock's fingers in his own, a deceptively warm grip that was perhaps most accurately likened to a bear trap.
John swallowed another snicker, fondness clenching in his chest. "We don't, do we?" If he were closer, he might've squeezed his hand, or touched his face, or-- no. Bad line of thought.
with his violin. Nobody understands the words, but it's still speech. It's still words that he wants to say aloud and can't.
John exhales a long, shaken breath, suddenly dropping back to sit on his heels as if the strength to sit upright has deserted him. He gently rolls Sherlock's trouser leg back down and the sock back up, being very careful to only jostle the swollen joint as much as is necessary, and still does not look at him.
John wasn't entirely sure what that meant, but he also didn't think he'd get an answer if he pressed. He rubbed Sherlock's shoulders again, very gently.
"You'll want a teacher," she says finally, clearing her throat. "Or at least someone who knows what they're doing to practice with. Anything other than what you're doing. I know you're only learning SSE, but I can still tell you're using only a textbook, and I don't care how smart you are. That's not good enough, f... Holmes." She pauses again, watching him from the door and still looking just as unhappy to see him like this as Sherlock is to be here.
John shifted again, increasingly and even more bloody uncomfortable. He broke eyes with Ella to look back down at his lap, and he absolutely
He held his breath until the angry, pressing heat inside his skull receded, and then he pressed his face back to Rosie's hair.
reading in there, reading to the tune of Sherlock's electronic heartbeats in his ears. He is a doctor, and a bloody good one at that. He knows how close Sherlock cut it. How close any number of the things they did to him could've done it. He knows exactly how close this came to being it. To being
He's wearing faded pajamas, his hair is the result of corkscrew curls being smushed against a pillow all night long, mismatched and twisted with his chin rough with a ragged hint of stubble, and there's still a faded spot of blue right there on his face. He is criminally gorgeous, and cliché though it is, fits the joke
"That'll be five quid." The barista hesitates, green, styrofoam cup in hand and her nervous little finger tapping against it. She's fifteen minutes away from a smoke break. "Are you sure I can't get you a water, too, sir? You sound a bit peaky."
"Take this, John," Mycroft snapped, thumbing the mute button. He jerked to his feet with his face twisted, already dialing a number on his second phone. "Don't let him hang up. I'm seeing what the hold up is..."
The frantic gasps for air dwindle, now that Sherlock's arm is no longer stressed behind his back. The tiny, hoarse whines from his throat do not. And John may've spent three months desperately wishing for nothing more than for Sherlock to speak, but screaming on the floor of a crime scene is not ever what he had meant, and that is what this is, no matter how little his rough, disused voice sounds like it. This is not healthy. This is not
"It's a locked room burglary, John, and all for a counterfeit painting? Why go to such trouble for a counterfeit? It's glorious, I'm sure of it, it's going to be- John! Come on, John!"
"I'm going to take a shower," he yawns, pressing his face to the hollow of Sherlock's neck. There's a scar there, the curved tail end of something that Sherlock does not have words for. It's been long enough that it does not hurt. Sherlock does not want to be handled as fragile glass with kid gloves, so he buries his face against his neck and kisses the end of the scar, and he
that he's meant to meet, right here, right now, with John's fingers clasped around his and nothing in the space between them but bedsheets and Sherlock's own silence. It's pressure to perform and he hates himself but he tugs one hand free, his throat suddenly dry and his chest gone hollow.
"We'll need samples, of course," Sherlock was saying, fingers tapping together, rapid-fire. "Enough so I can start investigating in the flat. There's any number of materials in a standard university chemistry lab that could be used to kill someone, and many ones that won't show on a standard toxicology screen. Though I'll require additional samples from Molly... and
Sherlock could take care of himself, but John couldn't help it. He wanted to protect Sherlock and right now, there was something telling him that he needed protecting.
Sherlock gulps air from behind the case file. It feels like there's something stuck in his throat again, a solid obstruction that sucks down oxygen but blocks anything from coming out. He keeps trying it, keeps trying to gasp for a breath to then open his mouth, but the second step never comes. There's nothing there.
Sherlock waved a hand again, cutting him off with a gesture into blind space, and while he was at it, giving up the ghost on the pretense of ignorance. He wormed himself around at last, squirming onto his side instead of his back. It was still dark inside, only the faintest glow of street lamps streamed in from outside, and Lestrade's face looked pale and wan while John was almost unsettlingly blank. "It was a bluff. Moriarty didn't even want to kill me, not really. He wants to keep playing. Can't do that if I'm dead."
Sherlock makes a face down at the soup, just because he's meant to. Being difficult is who he is. But then he considers the warm bowl, clutched between his hands, and he considers the tea. He considers the tiny flakes of shredded pork John is nudging into said bowl as they speak.
"Well," Sherlock said, through a smile that was every bit as shiny plastic as Andrews'. "If you'll excuse me, it seems that my expertise is needed. I'm sure you're unfamiliar with the feeling. Run along, now-- mock a student or two." His smile slid even more into a sneer, and he strode straight past, so brusquely the weight of his shoulder nearly bore Andrews right into the wall. "That would be
"Yeah?" he prods, raising an eyebrow. "I love you, too, but you don't see me letting you invite criminals into my house for free. Oh, wait, that's exactly what I do. Why do I do that, again?"
Greg filled them in on the details on the way down the stairs and then out to the police car on the kerb. Sherlock normally abhorred and refused police cars, but John tugged him inside without allowing protests; there'd be no cab back to catch in the middle of campus, and Sherlock was in no state to go walking it back to a main street. Greg, meanwhile, talked over the grumbles, explaining the details of a professor who'd been found in her office that afternoon, a bullet in her head that their medical team said hadn't been fired until she was already dead. It was right up Sherlock's alley, and John couldn't deny that already felt a bit better, too.
"Just for now," Sherlock allays. He waves his hand airily, a second dismissive flick of the wrist; with his usual options of flouncing and pacing restrained, he's starting to get rather good at telling people off with just waver of his fingers. "Until the baby is born. It will be easiest for you, this way, John- if you are to change your mind."
He invents a reason to be there, writing out that he needs to see the results of her autopsy, and Molly accepts it easily enough. She doesn't ask how he knows about the case she only got just this morning, or why he's interested in the results for the autopsy on a drunk that fell down the stairs.
John sighs. He figures he can give Sherlock this much, at least, but he's also not exactly keen on just sitting here, waiting to see who will be the first to break this staring contest. He wants to get Sherlock to bed. "Right, then," he announces, clearing his throat. "Why are you here, Mycroft?"
John, thankfully, had been left out of it. A more sympathetic character could not be painted than the single father to a baby girl and a widower, a widower who had only just survived the tragic loss and brutal murder of his wife. Nobody wanted a headline smearing the name and reputation of
"My boyfriend," he starts, and for this one, he turns so he can get right into the idiot's face. "My boyfriend says that he thinks you're an idiot."
"Oh," his physician says suddenly, turning to John. "We also tried to give your emergency contact a call, but there was no answer. We left a message about the situation, but you should know, whoever he is is probably very worried about you right now."
"I don't know. Sign up for an online class. Watch a cooking channel. Update your blog on the variety of sterile alcohol solutions you can find in this hospital. I'm sure you'll find something." John shrugs, looking almost unreasonably pleased with himself. "I might even play cluedo with you, if you want. I'm sure there's an app. Whatever's necessary for you to
He does. Of course he does. He huffs and turns his glower to the floor, arms folded tightly, and even John's mollifying brush to his arm does nothing to calm him. "I was
Sherlock staggered inside after him, his head still hanging and his reeling slow and uncoordinated enough for him to know that whatever he'd taken, it wasn't his usual stimulants. Probably heroin, Greg thought, with a tsk of his tongue. Cocaine was dangerous, on the edge, and fun. Heroin was none of those things. Heroin killed people.
But Victor, after several long, utterly tedious moments, did not go away. He just stood there. He just stood right there in the doorway, undeterred by the rudest dismissal that Sherlock had been able to think up, and watched him with a look that he had never quite seen before. He did not care to categorise or define it.
She cleared her throat and sat forward as well, setting her notes aside. "That's a lot to go over. I think, one thing that I want to say first, though. John. We're both doctors. And your sister has been an alcoholic for many years, now. While I will admit this is possibly the most complicated story of a relapse I've ever been told," and she smiled, here, just a little, trying to coax one out of John himself. "I think you know very well that Sherlock's decision to return to drugs was his choice, and his alone."
man. There. Four syllables." He strokes his hair and his back and his shoulders, his legs locking around Sherlock's, his hands into his. "I'll look up more. I will buy a dictionary and look up every four-syllable compliment that there is in the English language and I'll write a blog post consisting of only that. Sherlock. I love you. You're...
it wasn't that simple. It couldn't be. Because Sherlock wasn't okay, he wasn't even close, neither of them were. And the right thing to do here
Mycroft stalks across the room to snatch the needle out of his hand, red-faced and seething. "You are about to throw away years of sobriety and months of hard work all on a childish fit of impatience! For
Sherlock rolls his eyes, his teeth still grinding together and his fingers clenched in his lap. It's not
"Okay," he rasps. His voice sounds utterly wrecked and miserable, and he really doesn't know why Sherlock is so shaken at John seeing him cry, because he's not exactly doing much better himself and Sherlock can hear it and see it right there in front of him. "Okay. That's... thank you. Thank you for telling me, Sherlock."
Sherlock is obviously already at the end of his rope. He can not walk that far, John and Greg helping him or not.
John turned his gaze away from Greg. First for a furtive glance out the window, and then just frowned at it the whole away. Trying to focus on the streets and trees passing them by, and not the inspector watching him out of the corner of his eye.
It's probably a bad idea. Sherlock is not stupid, and just because he doesn't announce his deductions for the world to hear them nowadays does not mean he isn't making them. Sherlock will know he's staying home because he's worried about him. Sherlock will also not appreciate it one bit.
Without a word, she rises a hand to her face, a thumbs up of sorts, and signs something to Sherlock, too quickly for John to catch.
Sherlock passes the needle back and forth, his tongue swollen and his throat dry and itchy, crawling out of his skin right there in his seat. He hasn't even used yet and already he's hot and almost shivering and
I also posted the first chapter while sick, and am still sick, so I'll be poking more at typos as I find them. British biscuits for Sherlock this chapter, American crackers for me. Mea culpa ;-;
He starts the move irritated that he's not being transferred straight home, and ends it baffled. He was shot in the chest, not getting a hip replacement.
At last, the genius sits forward, his steepled fingers unwound. He types into the keyboard, lightning quick, and a moment later, the text box springs up.
Sherlock is now the one to look outright scandalised, and it is John's turn to beam across the call.
John shared another look with Mycroft. They were both, he could tell, thinking the same thing-- that
"Oscar, Sherlock, I've told you. Oscar!" He squeezed his shoulder, then again touched the mark on Sherlock's face. He was very, very close, and his hand was warm, and his eyes were just-- right
Sherlock hurls himself miserably onto his side, tucked into the tightest ball that he can with his back to the room and his
Sherlock rolls his eyes, his expression turned vicious and mocking. He looks at John like he is a very moronic child, like he is an intolerable idiot and too imbecilic and exasperating to live. And John--
"...yes, actually. Of course." She clears her throat, and he can hear her hesitate, because she sees the look on his face and hears him being
about why I want to be with you. I know it might not always seem like it and that I get frustrated and say stupid things, but that's because I'm an idiot, Sherlock. You know I'm an idiot. You love that I'm an idiot, I--"
definitely drunk, his low laughter all to himself music to John's ears as much as it made him want to hit something. God damn it.
Finally, the shoe dropped. It clicked, and he understood. Finally, finally, finally. "Oh, Sherlock--" And he set his own fork down as well, to just look at him, and shake his head pityingly. Shake his head like he was a very foolish, very stupid child. "Sherlock. I'm flattered, really. But you can't honestly think this was... I'm married, now! Let's leave the past where it belongs, yes?"
"I did. And I'm confident that you'll be there for Sherlock if he should need it." She smiled at him again, a solid branch of encouragement. "John. You were so concerned that you were acting for your own interests instead of Sherlock's that you asked me to make sure you were doing the right thing. You were that worried about him, and that committed to being a better friend to him than you've been in the past. Regardless of all the reasons you gave me to be worried for Sherlock today-- you are not one of them."
Mycroft at last lowered his phone, turning back to face John with an angry tug at his suit jacket. "My staff have Sherlock's location, as well as Dr. Oscar Wilson's. One of us needs to speak to him, and properly dissuade him from ever attempting to so much as contact Sherlock again.
"So you have no answer," Mycroft says, when Sherlock, indeed, has nothing to say. He settles back into John's chair to frown at him, still staring at him like he is an especially foolish and stupid child. "No scientific studies that I am aware of show permanent neurological changes from cocaine use... at least, not of the kind that you are after. Even if your stimulants accomplish what you hope, you will have achieved nothing at all beyond a host of problems as the fallout."
Sherlock swipes his sleeve through the mist of condensation on the mirror, cleaning one thin stripe just enough to see the stare of his own eyes.
what Sherlock had expected to see tonight, and he crossed over to water Milgram in what might've passed as amusement. "Let me try again. Did you actually like Irene Adler-
But Sherlock shook his head immediately, so quickly his face nudged into John's palm. "If you don't take them out, I will. They itch."
Ella sat quietly for several moments, letting him talk himself again to a standstill. She glanced at her notes, sliding a thumb up and down her pen, and-- he knew that look. The Concerned Therapist face. The
"They're sure taking an awful long time to show up, Sherlock." John frowns over Sherlock's shoulder and out the window, his finger scratching his restlessness into the napkin. "Are you sure they're coming tonight?"
"Your parents," he said finally, his voice quiet and restrained. "Your father is... dead. But your mother isn't? She's..."
Sherlock shoves the file back to him without an attempt whatsoever to reply, and stalks out of the office with his mouth clenched shut and so disgusted with himself he wants to throw up.
John grinned back, giving Milgram a final nudge. He still looked exhausted, but when he sat down he was alive again, and his words brokered no room for argument. "I just can't be in it for the long haul if you don't actually take me with you, Sherlock."
Greg blinked. He looked up at Sherlock to find the boy suddenly starting at him again, his piercing eyes bright and unsettling. "Why what?"
He listens, and finally, he hears the engine starting of the car waiting down on the street. He hears Mycroft go.
Sherlock didn't come close to hearing him. He just stayed crumpled on his side, mouth slack and half his hair smushed against the pillow. His face was still faintly flushed, traces of tears dried on his cheeks, but alcohol had numbed every last trace of pain away. He looked genuinely peaceful. For the first time since... since...
John doesn't date Sarah Sawyer. Sherlock tells John when he's strangled in Soo Lin Yao's flat, and John touches his neck with soft, gentle fingers, and they go on a date to the Chinese circus and both get the lights punched out of them by dancing acrobats. He'd say it's the best first date in the history of recorded time, but it's the only one that Sherlock has bothered to archive.
"Sherlock," Mycroft breathed. He, too, sagged on the spot, covering his face with an exhausted hand. It was as if all the stress and worry had eased out of him and left him deflated and empty, but
John frowns. "Sherlock? What is it?" Sherlock hasn't tended to be very resistant about physical therapy yet, and the exercises he's supposed to do right now are only tedious, rather than painful. But he very much needs to do them. Forming scar tissue on his hands, his back, his legs-- now is the most crucial time, time that they won't be able to get back if he wastes it by being stubborn. "Sherlock, you can't skip--"
John frowned. "Hey, Sherlock?" He prodded at his arm a little, just a gentle tug at his sleeve to try and draw him out of it. "We're here?"
He hauls the officer up by the collar, a split lip and wide, shocked eyes, and all he can see is the look on Sherlock's face, pinned down and terrified on the filthy floor. "You didn't notice you were hurting him?!
They're not the same thing and I can't... Sherlock, I can't do this knowing that you don't even care. That you think you--
There's some stock to be put in dreams. They are workings of the subconscious mind; nonsense and fanciful, yes, but subconscious or not, it's still his mind. It is still his unparalleled brilliance, the gears turning whether he wants them to or not. His mind always works terribly fast, and sometimes it works so fast he can't keep up. Sometimes there's something left over at the end of the day that his mind hasn't let go of, and sometimes it'll spit it at him in the middle of the night.
The clock ticked slowly by, grinding into his ears. The office was horribly quiet, just the ticking of the clock and the quiet rain outside and John's own incriminating confession, left to rot on the air.
"Your brother? God, Sherlock, you really do need to relax." He smiled against his skin for a moment, lingering, too close. "Hang on for a moment. I've got an idea."
"I see," Sherlock said quietly, his voice low again. He shifted and pretty transparently swallowed a wince, his arms still curled around his torso and stomach, and his miraculous eyes finally,
He hadn't bothered to wait until the end to hand over the same manuscript he had given John. It'd be a waste of time, he'd determined, to not talk about the elephant stampeding right there in the middle of the room. And the one thing Sherlock is not here for is to waste time.
"Some day, Sherlock?" John wags his own fork in his face, particularly bright-eyed and entertained. "You are going to wear out that poor man's patience. And then what'll we do? We won't be able to keep you fed with free cake from anyone but Mrs. Hudson!"
He can not miss the iron hand that tightens around his arm, and swivels John back to face him more securely than any words could.
Sherlock sniffed, his nostrils flaring. He did, in fact, look at John, but it was a barely a flicker out of the corner of his eye, his jaw still clenched. He remained utterly annoyed with it all, not actually distressed but just
"John?" Mycroft says upon approach, his eyes widening. He starts to put his phone away, even having the grace to look
Sherlock ignored him completely, instead lifting a pair of trousers as well (thankfully, not the bottoms from the set of fluorescent yellow traffic cop's uniform). "Is this serviceable?" He held out the full set out like it was a radioactive specimen and frowned at it. "It's a pity. I'd replicate one of your questionable date ensembles, but I am sorely lacking in hideous jumpers."
Andrews' mouth curled. "I see he really hasn't changed after all," he snipped, with another sharp tug on his jacket. "Still needs big brother to sweep up after him behind his back after barely bothering to show up. You have a good day, Dr. Watson. And my condolences."
Next up, back with our regularly scheduled programming, the John and Mycroft-ex-machina conversation. I'll have that up in two days, I promise, and with that we'll be over the final hurdle. We've almost made it!
But Mycroft does not reply, letting the words simply pass him by with no reaction at all. He sends a glance up the stairs, as if to make quite sure that Sherlock hasn't appeared to listen in.
of attention. It meant a spotlight being put on him but he didn't know what he was supposed to perform.
know that. Oscar didn't. Or if he did, he didn't much care. He got more and more disillusioned with me when he realised I wasn't so special after all, and withdrew what little support he'd been offering. Consequently, my work slipped even more. He started spreading rumors about me to the other staff; by the time of my final hearing, he hadn't done anything in our meetings for months but tell me how much of a failure I was. Though he was usually too disgusted to touch me, if you really want me to find a silver lining."
Hmm. Sherlock seems to be keeping a secret... I wonder what's going on that he hasn't let us and John in on :thinking:
They're attracting a crowd, now, other doctors and nurses stepping out of exam rooms while most of the patients in the waiting room are trying very hard not to look at them. A few look ready to get up and make a run for the door. Another quick glance around shows Sarah Sawyer already on the phone, assuredly calling security or the police.
Sherlock downed the whiskey from his hand in a single gulp, and crossed back to ball in his armchair without another word.
he finds humiliating, having to act things out right in front of everyone, having strangers look at him and assume that he's mentally disturbed or slow and speaking to him like he's a
"If my earlier answers displease you so," Mycroft murmurs. There's the clink of china as he just makes himself at home, in what he so often affectionately describes as his dump of a flat. Sherlock thinks that if he hates it so much, he knows where the door is. "Then take all of this as my version of an apology, instead. Whatever makes you happiest."
Greg laughs, still making sure to be quiet. "Just making sure. Not surprised, though-- I think I'd be more worried if you told me he needed a break, to be honest." He pats his shoulder, in a very manly, mates at the pub sort of way. "Look after him, okay? You two aren't of any use to me if he goes off over the deep end."
and with eyes full of sympathy. Misplaced sympathy. "Abusive relationships can be very complicated. The stereotypical battered wife imagery people often think of is certainly one way they can look, but there are many others, and the effects they have can be long-reaching, and sometimes not entirely clear, even to the people involved."
Then he lets Sherlock slip back down, and a moment later, rewraps his arms around him, one lying over his waist, the other tracing lines between the patterns down his spine. His arms are strong and warm and so, so
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! Onwards! Remember, this chapter follows directly from the end of the last one, where Sherlock finally wrote down the explanation for how all of this happened.
he is beautiful. He's a live wire that sparks and snaps and lights up an entire room, and it's a small miracle that he doesn't just off and bolt before John's finished tying his shoes.
She looks at him, and it takes her not even a moment at all to cross the room and instantly pull him into a hug. "Oh, Sherlock," she says again, this time with a warm pat to his cheek that just about turns him inside out. "This is so wonderful! Oh, you'll see, dear; I
Sherlock finishes the required biscuits and tea without needing minding, and even adds a fourth. John can't help a smile, pressing his nose to the soft nest of angry curls. "I'm guessing you wouldn't be open to me amending our deal, if I went and fixed a proper breakfast?"
Oh, lovely, clever John. Sherlock smirked to himself. What happened to him wanting to go to the conference, then?
with social anxiety, that are being bullied at school or abused at home, and who are young and lacking in a support system and unable to cope. Sherlock fits precisely none of the typical criteria to watch out for.
Oscar," he hissed. He slid his hand up to curl into Oscar's hair, and he pulled. He pulled because he knew it hurt, and he knew it hurt because Oscar had done it to him to get him to shut his mouth. "I know what you are."
Sherlock hissed. Again, flinching away. Again, his hackles raised and his teeth bared and his eyes gone hard as glass, and
Sherlock trailed John down the stairs in the dark, past Mrs. Hudson's closed door, all the way down and then out to the street. He didn't want to let go of John's hand at all. But-- soon, he'd said. Soon he wouldn't have to. Soon, he might stay. With Rosie.
"He did exactly what he was supposed to. He wanted to use, and he called someone he trusted and told them rather than going out and doing it. He did the right thing and you will not make him feel badly for it." He lifted the phone back to his ear, straining to hear the continuing rasp of breaths on the other end. "Sherlock?"
He didn't have time to waste here, forming a deduction about why on earth John would insist on feigning interest in something as dull and mundane as a GP conference.
"I need you to give me time. Okay? You... don't just forgive me for this. And don't say it was okay or I was entitled or any of that
"Why didn't you-- you--" John gulps again, his voice breaking. He frees himself from Sherlock's grip to curl his hands around his face like he's cradling something precious, his eyes filling with desperation. "God damn it. I can protect myself, Sherlock! I don't need you to keep me safe, you think I'm afraid of-- of
He stares down at his cold hand, the pattern of John's fingers interlacing with his own. His is shaking now, frozen and powerless, and he sinks to the new floor with a limp
"You have plainly been upset over this for days. You are very unhappy and, if you'll forgive me for overstepping, appear to have actually increased your alcohol consumption from before this case. Whatever you want to say, you are clearly in pain, and--" He started to glance at John, then twitched again, squeezing his eyes shut. "You're angry."
Mycroft raised an eyebrow back. "You've known him long enough, John. Does it really surprise you to learn that his moods have never been stable?"
"Sherlock, are you trying to tell me you named our plant after a mad scientist?" John shook his head again, increasingly fond, and leaned in to kiss his hair. "Nobody's surprised. Also, I think you really might be concussed after all. That barely made sense." He leaned back to look closely into his eyes, very close and so very warm, and his smile would've been infectious if Sherlock had had the slightest idea what to say. "
Sherlock is obviously uncomfortable and embarrassed, his face slightly pink as he refuses to look at either one of them, but that's not something John can do anything about except grip his arm with medical precision and show to him that he does not care. He helps Sherlock down the stairs with Greg leading the way, shooing curious officers out of the way without hesitation. The one that had tried to arrest Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. John hopes he never sees him again.
After three rings, a female answers. He figures it's John's sister, as he never mentioned his mother.
She wanted a story, so I gave her one: She is nothing but scum of the earth, more or less so put. She wanted a story, so I gave her one: People like her - journalists - are nothing more than a nasty fly on the wall begging to get squished for being nosy.
I thought I was going to the pool to meet Moriarty alone, but John stepped out from his hiding spot, a huge jacket covering his entire upper body. I was momentarily confused, I'll admit, but the moment I looked into John's eyes I knew something was wrong, for he was doing Morse code by blinking SOS.
My first ever case has just resurfaced itself, though not in a way I would have expected. I have a deep suspicion that this bomber is the so-called Moriarty that the cabbie mentioned a while back, but I can't be so sure just yet.
"Then there you have it. What you did was a stupid mistake, one that was easily fixed. You should probably thank your brother, by the way. He did look out for you, after all."
“I never knew kissing someone could - “ he stopped himself. He thought he was talking to himself before he remembered John was there.
The first hour or so went by fine, but then lunch came around, and it was rush hour. All around them people began to mill about, talking loudly, moving quickly, shoving, running, walking.
That's pretty much it, really. I'm told that some people with autism have it way worse than I do, so I'm thankful that I got to be a little bit better at stuff."
Sherlock was shocked when they scurried off, mumbling insults under their breath. The other kid held his hand out for Sherlock to take, to which he gladly accepted.
That next morning, the drug left our systems. John, slow as ever, figure out that I had set up the whole lab experiment with him. He's quite clever,
For once, Sherlock was glad that he didn't have that many friends, as he wasn't sure if he could handle a lot of people at an event as big as a wedding. The few people that he did ask to come were overjoyed.
John figured that he would tell Sherlock about his wound when he wasn't feeling rather vulnerable. He had ignored the pain for Sherlock's sake, and he will continue to do so so that he can help make him feel better.
John wrote back saying that he hopes Sherlock will be okay, and to tell him that he's sorry for going away for so long.
how you cause my heart to race, my breath to catch. You've always managed to silence my mind in one way or another before, but this - this kissing - John, I’ve never felt this way with anyone before. I don’t know what to do with this information. I don’t - “
“Do you feel that, John?” John nodded. “You caused that. No one else has ever done that to me. I like that. I
The moment Sherlock noticed John enter the room, he froze in place, stopping what he was doing. John just stared at him and closed his mouth, his eyes flashing in anger.
"Oh, is he? Well, I must admit that he was one of our finest students. He's gone on to be the British Government now, hasn't he? At least, that's what I've heard from a friend."
A/N: I don't think that I'm going to continue with this. People have told me that my writing is awkward (how??) and it just kind of puts me off on wanting to keep at it. So I guess that's it for now.
By the time Sherlock turned seven, he knew almost everything about sign language. While he learned it from his family, he researched it in books and learned about the history and culture and talked on and on about it with his parents and Mycroft. They all just smiled and patiently listened to Sherlock ramble.
As we get back to Baskerville, I sent John into the lab we toured when we first arrived. I watched him on camera in the security room for a moment before playing a recording of a growling beast into one of the microphones. John scrambles to get out, but I had locked all of the doors. After another moment of watching John panic I make my way into the lab to come to his rescue. I tell him that we have all been drugged, then proceed to examine the sugar I used in John's coffee.
We had a tricky case this week. Someone was leaving threats all over London in spray paint. They didn't make any sense at first, but everything clicked once we had all the right evidence. We caught who was behind it all, albeit with an edge of danger in the process. I'll explain later.
"You're right. I'll wait. I don't know for how long, maybe forever. I just don't want to lose John."
“You’re at a ward,” Mycroft said softly, a painful feeling of regret and sorrow buried itself deep within his chest. “You’re here because you almost attempted suicide, and I cannot watch you do this to yourself. You've not eaten in days, and your health has plummeted immensely. This is the only thing that I know how to do in order to help you.”
Coffee! Henry drinks coffee every morning, and what does he put in his coffee? Sugar. I'm almost certain that the drug, whatever it may be, is in his sugar. I needed to test this theory, so I took a few packets of his sugar and made a cup of coffee with it for John; after, of course, we sorted out our row from earlier. I suppose it was my apology. He drank it, so now I only needed to practice my theory.
"But you will. One day, you will. But for now, I leave in two weeks. We have two weeks together until I fly out there for a few months."
Sherlock slept peacefully while Mycroft fell asleep alongside his baby brother, arms wrapped around him, protecting him from all the evil in the world. He made a promise, a vow of you will, that he would do anything for his brother. He's going to stick to that promise, no matter what, even in dreamland.
“Stop,” Mycroft’s voice interrupts his thoughts. “Stop blaming yourself. It won’t help you or him. Just help me get him to hospital.”
After their meal was over, Sherlock asked if he could talk to them privately. His father led the way into his office and the three of them sat down. Sherlock stood in front of them, arms crossed.
John laughed again. "You nutter," he shook his head fondly and kissed him again, and again, and again.
"I said yes. I have to go, Sherlock. I have to. I'm a doctor, it's in my blood to help people. I just - I have to."
When the time came to interview the children, the boy was still unconscious, but the girl had agreed to do it. The only thing wrong was that she seemed to be afraid of me. I had never met the girl before, so it confused me when she screamed as soon as she saw me, but I had an inkling as to why. Moriarty must have used someone who looked just like me to do his bidding so that the children would somehow recognize me. Quite brilliant, I must say, even if it was done to destroy me.
I solved John's problem with his leg today, as well. He had a psychosomatic limp in his right leg. His idiotic therapist had prescribed him for medicine, even though it's all mental, quite literally; but I healed him, in a way. We were chasing after the cabbie - the one who had killed all of those people - and he never once went back for his cane.
Mycroft just sighs and shakes his head as he leads John in a certain direction. Upon their arrival to John’s new room, Mycroft cleared his throat.
Sherlock turned to look at John. John looked back at him and shrugged before pulling him down for a slow, sweet, gentle kiss.
The Doctor looked down and shook his head. "If I do all of London would disappear. The T.A.R.D.I.S; she, well, she over-lapsed. Meaning if I were to take you back to your time, at this exact place, at the exact time that we left, nothing would be here but you and me. And this old brood." He pointed to the T.A.R.D.I.S. "I am sorry, though. I am so, so sorry." He walked closer to Sherlock and placed a hand on his shoulder.
Sherlock looked at him for a moment, considering it, before he looked away, mumbling under his breath.
Not even a minute after they took off, the T.A.R.D.I.S began to shake and bump into things on the outside.
"Well, then. It's nice to meet you, Sherlock. If you'll just follow me, I'll get your schedule printed out and you'll be on your way. You wouldn't happen to be related to one Mycroft Holmes, would you?"
The Doctor smiled softly. "Ten minutes. Ten minutes as my companion, and you'll be right back where I found you. That's a promise."
Mycroft was dull in his request, as ever. He wants me to take on a client I know nothing about. I have never done this. I always do a little research before I meet a client, assuming there's anything the least bit interesting about them.
John remained standing where he was until someone placed their hand on his shoulder blades and moved him forward gently. He kept his eyes low, trained on his feet as he walked.
The reception was nice and peaceful. Sherlock and John danced for the first few minutes before everyone else joined in. Sherlock had smirked at John and asked who had taught him how to dance in a teasing tone, to which John responded with 'you did', which made Sherlock laugh.
Sherlock looked back at his flat once more before finally caving in. "Ten minutes, not a minute more. Not even a second. Do you understand me? I won't - I can't leave him for too long. Not again." His eyes glimmered with unshed tears.
"I want to understand why you did it, and why you think that drugs were the best resort to sorting yourself out."
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
Well, we solved the case of the suicides, which all turned out to be murder. The man behind it all was dying and needed money to provide for his kids, so he turned to someone to help him out. He said the man's name is Moriarty, but the name is unfamiliar to my ears. I'll have to do some research on it later.
Moriarty showed up on the rooftop of Bart's. I must admit that I was a bit terrified. I was standing in the face of death, so of course it only seemed right to be terrified. After all, fear in the face of danger is wise.
John has been alone this entire time, talking to himself, reading to himself. He leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands, and wept. He was completely, and utterly, alone.
John places a hand under Sherlock’s head and lifts it gently. He looks at Sherlock’s gaunt features and frowns. He’s angry, sure. But now he feels guilty. He led him to this. He made Sherlock like this without meaning to. God, he…
Sherlock looked him dead in the eye. "I'm already going to be alone forever, now, thanks to you and that bloody box! I should have never gone with you!" He turned back towards John's body and wept.
Later, Sherlock made sure to wake before John and leave the flat. He didn't want to be anywhere near the man in case he were to get any angrier at him.
In Sherlock’s mind, he hadn't thought that he was doing anything wrong; he only thought that he had been making a gift for John. Now that they weren't speaking, however, Sherlock began to feel guilty, and sad, and miserable.
I heard the police scanner within the car and reached inside, holding down the button on the mouth-piece, causing every walkie-talkie around us to malfunction. This distracted the entire force and allowed for me to take over one of the nearest police men; I took his gun and held John as my hostage before we ran, doing what Moriarty wanted: becoming fugitives.
He assumed that John would be happy to see him. He didn’t expect for him to shut him out of his life completely.
“Hey, it’s alright,” John murmured. He reached up his hands and wiped away the next two tears that slipped on their own accord.
John was planning to go home and have a bit of a lie down for a bit, but as he walked into the flat, all was quiet. John felt uneasy at first, because any time it was this quiet, Sherlock would either be drugged up, sleeping (which rarely happened), or, well, he’d rather not think of that last possibility.
Mycroft and their father were looking at Sherlock, worried. Sherlock seemed to be trying to keep his free hand steady, but it is shaking and twitching, a clear sign of his nervousness.
"Fair warning, my dad can get to be a bit much sometimes, so it's best to stay in my room most of the time. He's not bad, but he's not very good, either. He just has a semi-short temper about everything. So don't be afraid, okay?"
Sherlock didn't need to be told twice. He ate his sweets, drank his juice, let Mycroft clean his hands, then went back to hanging up his work.
I agree to do this, if only to get Mycroft off of my back. He has been nothing but nosy, annoying, and dull for the past few days, and it is getting on my nerves.
"Even if . . . even if things don't work out between us as a couple, please promise me that we will always be friends. That you won't forget me, or throw me away. Please."
Two weeks into his stay, John had begun to hallucinate Sherlock. It had begun when John would talk to himself, but he would imagine Sherlock sitting down on the bed beside him, listening to his every word with content.
"Alright. Everyone is excited to meet you. Oh! If you feel intimidated by my brother, tell him that you like his suit. It usually softens him up and he starts to talk about the tailors and whatnot. He usually doesn't come with us, but he's taken a day off of work to meet you. Like I said, you're my first ever friend, so they're rather intrigued by you."
His parents began to worry about him as he still wouldn't speak by the time he turned six, so they took him to a doctor, who diagnosed him as autistic.
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
Sherlock nodded slightly. "More than anything else I've ever liked. But I don't - I don't want to lose him. I don't know if he feels the same, or if he's even like . . . this."
"I promise the same, of course. Even if I wanted to, I could never forget you. You've given me a lot of firsts, you know. First friend, first kiss, first love. Thank you, John Watson."
The Doctor shed a tear or two before shaking his head. "I'm sorry, but I can't. God, I wish I could, but I can't. Not unless you wish to be alone forever."
Mycroft walked into the room and over to one of the chairs. He sat down and placed his umbrella in his lap.
John put the plate that held their slice of cake on his desk and then started to look around in a drawer beside his bed. Sherlock peeked and saw it full of movies.
To the right of his bed was a filing cabinet; he reached over, opened the top drawer, and pulled out a birthday card. He grabbed a pen that was sitting on the bedside table and opened the card, proceeding to write on the blank area that was meant for doing so. It now read:
Sherlock followed every order without complaint. When the time came to go lie down, within seconds of hitting his pillow, Sherlock was out.
The rest of the day went by much of the same way. First to class, introduce, pick a seat, learn. All in all, Sherlock's day was going relatively well for his first ever school experience.
The Doctor only grinned. "We should get going. After all, time is important." He winked and stepped aside so Sherlock could enter before him. Walking in after the detective, he shut the door behind him and began to put in his coordinates.
“Yeah. I called him about the pool going. I was a little curious about it, and I found something out.”
"Open the bag," Sherlock said softly. The medic tried to pull Sherlock aside, but Sherlock protested. "Open the bloody bag!" He clenched his hands into fists, hoping to whatever God there be out there that this was just some stranger that happened to die near where he lived.
I had planned the outcome with Mycroft ages before I planned the meeting with Moriarty. It had to be elaborate - which it was - in order for it to work; which it did.
Sherlock made his way back to his own room and went straight to bed. It took him a while to fall asleep, but he finally did.
The Doctor nodded as he approached him. "No one ever moved in until a few years before you were born; which, I believe, were your parents. It was said to be haunted by a man who killed whoever lived here. But when your parents bought it, the ghost, or whatever it was, stopped. For some odd reason, it never once harmed or did anything to your parents. Want to know why?" He whispered.
"He's the British Government; if he's not, then something went seriously wrong with his training." Sherlock snickered.
Sherlock followed closely behind John each step of the way, to the kitchen and to his bedroom. Once inside John's room, he shut the door behind him and sat down on his bed.
“N-nothing,” he got up from his chair and went to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He had a lot to think about.
He opened the door and walked in. Sherlock sat on his bed, legs crossed and hands clasped together under his chin. John stood next to his bed. “Can - May I sit down?”
Sherlock sat on his bed now, staring at the pile of clothing he had destroyed. He got up and made his way over to them, sitting down on the floor and pulling them onto his lap. He sighed and pulled out the sewing needle and thread he had in his jacket pocket. Might as well finish what you started, he told himself. He then got to work.
Their parents, and even Mycroft, agreed that homeschool would be the best option for Sherlock. That way he wouldn't have to worry about possible bullying, or him not getting enough attention from his teachers as he needed, and so they hired full time tutors to stay with him while they worked and Mycroft went off to school.
"Come with me. Be my last companion before I leave. Please." The Doctor pleaded softly as he stood just outside the T.A.R.D.I.S, door wide open. Sherlock, unsure as he's ever been, looks back at 221B before turning back around to look The Doctor in the eyes.
"Now, before we begin this wonderful adventure, I must warn you that there is a lot of loud shooting, crashes, what have you; is that going to bother you?"
John tried so hard to stick to his promise of staying in the tent, but when they got low on doctors, he had to venture out into the field and tend to the wounded. He was working on a man's leg when he was shot in the shoulder.
This client, Irene Adler, also known as The Woman, is quite interesting. She is smart, more smart than the average person; although, I hate to bust her bubble, but I happen to be smarter. I was a bit shocked when Miss Adler first announced herself, naked; although I realized later why she had done it.
"Mhm. He's amazing. We spent the entire night watching James Bond. He does what you do, except you don't do any of the action parts," Sherlock snickered.
Sherlock wasn't eating, nor was he even touching his food. He was staring at it, his expression one of distress.
Confused, his parents asked what that meant. The doctor asked if Sherlock ever did anything unusual that normal kids wouldn't. His mother talked about how he would always get upset if he wore a certain fabric of clothing she chose to dress him in, or how he'd rock back and forth to somehow calm himself, or how he won't eat certain things because he doesn't like the texture.
I wish that I could walk down the street without people glaring at me, or whispering to their significant other, or calling me a freak like Sally Donovan does. I wouldn't mind it if it were just her, but it feels like the whole world is in agreement. I'm either a freak, a weirdo, a disappointment, a psychopath, or - and this is my absolute favorite -
Sherlock was a little put out that they had to leave, but his father promised that they could come back on the weekends when he's not working and when Sherlock isn't busy with homeschool. Sherlock was happy with that arrangement. So happy, in fact, that he ran to his room the moment they stepped inside the house and shut his door. He pulled out every bit of art supplies he owned and began to draw and color in his bees, adding their names to the top of their page. When he was finished, he gathered them up and took them into his father's study so he could add them to his nothingness-no-more wall.
There are times when Sherlock thinks he can handle himself, and then there are times where he’s lost, confused, and scared.
After their appointment, they went home and immediately began to work with Sherlock. His older brother, Mycroft, was happy to help in any way that he could. He had gone to the library to check out books on BSL and gave them to his parents, as he had already learned it in school.
"Then, after you've been fed and watered," John said, which made Sherlock snicker, "we're going to go have a proper lie down. You look like you haven't slept in ages."
The Holmes family live in a luxurious house, with enough room for Sherlock to run around and drain his energy. Mycroft spent most of his time in their private library, reading books on law and politics. Their parents spent most of their time either talking aimlessly over tea, or relaxing outside in their backyard.
When John got together with his first girlfriend at uni, Sherlock avoided him the entire time they were together. John couldn't figure out why until one of their mutual friends explained that Sherlock was smitten with him.
He got out of bed and picked up the box and letter as he made his way over to the door. Opening it as quietly as he could, he began sneaking his way out into the hallway and up the stairs to John’s room.
"I know," he said. "I know. You worried me, you know, when you didn't respond. I had to write your brother, and he explained what had happened. Imagine my reaction when he told me you were suddenly taking drugs. I was shocked - angry, of course - and a little bit disappointed."
"Love," Sherlock scoffed. "Love is stupid. Love is for idiots. Love . . . hurts." He shook his head to try and clear his thoughts, but it wouldn't work. "John, ever since that day, that retched first day of school, I have been in love with you. But for years, you never knew, because for years I always thought that you'd turn me away after I confessed myself; for years, I feared the worst - you not being my friend anymore. All over
John. Once the entirety of the case was solved, John and I went back to Baker Street, where I formally apologized to Mrs. Hudson. Henry will now live in peace, and Lestrade will know better than to not give me any cases, even while he's on holiday.
I sound like some lovestruck fool, but I'm not. It's just - this might be my first and actual real friend, and I don't want to chase him away with my being too clever. I don't want him to see me as a freak. I want him to see me as
“Sherlock will have a water, and I’ll have a beer. Sherlock isn't allowed to have any after last time.”
Sherlock has a secret that he hasn't told anyone - not even Mycroft, and he tells him everything. He was waiting for the right moment to reveal it, which is where we find him now, gathering his family in the living room. It's their mother's birthday, so Sherlock figured that this would be his gift to her. He didn't know what else he could possibly give besides his love.
Sherlock walked over to him and gasped at what he saw in front of his flat. He slowly walked out of the T.A.R.D.I.S then made a run for it towards the gurney that held a black body bag.
“Hello, Mycroft. You wouldn't happen to know anything about the pool going around Scotland Yard about Sherlock and I, would you?”
He nodded and lay his head down on her shoulder. He pulled his fingers out of his mouth and made a grabbing motion at Mycroft, who was carrying a bag with Sherlock's emergency blanket, toys, foods, etcetera. Mycroft pulled out his plush bee and handed it to Sherlock, who happily tucked it underneath his chin and closed his eyes as he began humming to himself. He never failed to put himself to sleep.
"Sherlock, I'm telling you, the feeling is very much mutual. I just -," he sighed. "It took me a while to catch up with myself, is all. But I do. Love you, that is."
John sat motionless in the car, not saying a word the whole ride through. He felt numb. He wanted to die. He didn't want to be in a world where there was no Sherlock Holmes.
“Well, I dunno, something of the sort. A little hand holding at the Yard, or something to convince them.”
"But I do. I really do. I'm not - I'm more different than most people. The doctors call it autism, but I like to just call it unique."
He was just about to fall back asleep when he heard his door click open and saw Mycroft standing there, umbrella in hand as he leans against it.
Finally, we have a case! Well, two, actually; but they account for one when you think about it. Case number one is a rabbit in which it is described as 'glowing'. The second case is one of much more interest. The client, Henry, came to John and I about a hound. According to him it is what killed his father when he was a child. He's made a documentary on it and everything, but no one believes him. I believe he did see something happen, but I can't be sure that it was a gigantic hound.
I am so sorry, John. I am so sorry for all the hurt that I caused you, and will still possibly cause you in the future. I do hope you'll forgive me one day.
The Doctor shrugged his shoulders as he tried to figure out how to make it all stop. "She does this quite often, so there's no telling where we'll end up." The Doctor looked over at Sherlock with an apologetic look in his eyes before flying up into the air a few feet, then landing on the floor. "She's landed," he groaned as he stood up. "I'm getting too old for this," he sighed before opening the door, peaking his head out.
John pointed out a newspaper to me which had an article from someone named Rich Brook; I had recognized the name, but couldn't place anything to it. But the author of the article I did know; thus, this found myself and John at one Kitty Riley's flat, where she proceeded to tell John and I that Moriarty never existed - that I made him up by hiring Richard Brook. Each time Moriarty looked at me, I could see it: the fire in his eyes. I could see the lies - the madness. It was then that it clicked: Rich Brook - German for Reichenback. The case that made my name.
Once he was standing outside of John’s door, he hesitates to open it, but does so in the end. Opening it just enough so that he could get in, Sherlock entered the room and sat the gift down beside John's alarm clock. Mission accomplished, Sherlock thought to himself as he exited the room, closing the door behind him.
Sherlock goes to school for the first time in his life. It goes well for a while, but some altercations happen. Don't fret, though; someone comes along to save the day.
Sherlock was the first to arrive. He greeted the teacher, introduced himself, and sat down at the very front. A few minutes later a flood of students began barging in. After everyone sat down, the teacher began the lesson.
Sherlock knew they were John’s favorite sweaters; that’s why he was cutting them up. He wanted to make them all into one. He hadn't expected John to be home so early, so he was taken by surprise when he arrived.
The car pulls up into the driveway and they all exit. Sherlock grabs John's hand and pulls him along to the backyard. He shows John the beehives and explains what the bees do and how they help the environment.
They graduated high school together, cheering the loudest as the other was called to walk the stage. They were supportive of the other in everything they did.
. Which, I guess now that I look back on it, I sort of was, I suppose. But he said he already had plans with a girl from work, which is never a good idea, John. I won't say that I didn't feel dejected, because I did. But John can live his life the way he wishes, and if that is going on a date with a girl
As Miss Adler was distracted, I took the phone, but she injected me with something moments after and took it back. Anything after that moment is a blur as I woke up in my bed, at home, in 221B Baker Street.
"Oh, he could have gone to much worse stuff, believe me. He is a chemist, after all. But again, his mind is not like ours. He probably thinks that what he did was okay and justified for himself. We'll just have to teach him that it's not. He's never messed with anything like this before, so I must admit that I was quite worried, and a bit shocked." Mycroft shook his head.
As the car pulled up to a building, John paid no mind. The door on his side opened and a man helped him out.
Mycroft came to kneel beside his baby brother. He took the shaking hand in his and held it tightly. "Take your time, Sherlock. It's all right. Whatever it is, we're here for you, okay?"
“They have about three thousand pounds going for us. They started it a few months after we first met.”
John and Sherlock hadn't spoken a word to each other in over a week. John would be at work while Sherlock stayed at the flat, per usual. John took care of everyone that came in to see him, and Sherlock usually worked on his experiments. On this particular day, however, Sherlock had done something that upset and angered John more than anything else he’d ever done.
John closed the book he had been reading and sat it down upon the bedside table before looking up at Sherlock. “How did you fake your death?”
Poor John, though. I never meant to hurt him. I had to make him believe that I was a fake, though, in order to make this all work. I had to make him see that I was not what he thought of me. That I was not
John couldn't help but cry a little bit. He knew he was everything to Sherlock, but he never really understood that he was literally
Their meal went by with ease after that. Mycroft talked about school, their father talked about the fish he caught, their mother talked about work and how this one woman came in and was just horrible to her, and Sherlock talked about his favorite type of bee.
"Is that - is that my flat?" Sherlock slowly but surely made his way over to 221B and looked inside the windows. The door was different, and the number hung on a wooden sign above the door.
At the word ward, John looked up at Mycroft, then looked back down and shrugged. What did he care? The way he saw it, he had already been living at a ward.
When they got back home, they half-expected Sherlock to continue talking, but he seemed to only speak when it was important to him. Otherwise, he used his hands, which was more than okay for them.
"I just w-wanted you back, and I c-couldn't have you, because you were h-helping people, and I didn't want to sound s-selfish by complaining, because I know this was important to y-you." Sherlock wiped his eyes with the sleeves of his robe.
John got mistaken as my date today, which was quite amusing. He denied it, but I said nothing because it was fun to watch him squirm about it. He then asked me later if I had a girlfriend or boyfriend, which was quite odd. Or is that a normal question to ask someone you've only just met a few hours ago? I don't know, I don't know how normal people interact.
There's something not right about Bob Frankland. I don't know what it is about him just yet, but I will find out soon. Then there's Stapleton. Her daughter's rabbit - the glowing one - had gone missing. But from what I gather, it's rather dead. Good news for our case, bad news for her daughter.
I've now completely finished the rough draft, so barring unforeseen complications, everything should go well from here on out. Thanks for the support along the way <3
to say. But he opens his mouth and he can't hear how they're meant to sound or taste, how they're meant to feel in his own mouth. It's just
He staggers out of the palace into the cold of 221B's sitting room. A blanket has been tugged around him, most certainly from John, but the room he comes into is dark and cold and he is absolutely alone.
He hears Sherlock pad off to finally get undressed and everything is so quiet he can hear the rustle of the cloth even from the other bloody room, and John shoves on the taps as he brushes his teeth just for the damn noise.
Sherlock inhales deeply, head tilted back against the shabby wall. The only warmth there is to be had is the cancer stick between his fingers. The wind and the ground are biting cold, and the rubbish around him is of no comfort to anyone.
He let John tug on his hair, very, very gently, gently enough that it didn't even worsen the ache in his head. Sherlock let him, shifting backwards to force John to follow him, to sit down and share the stiff bed with him, to be closer and hold him and kiss his face. There was nothing
There's more. He knows there's more. Mycroft Holmes is not a considerate person, and he has certainly
"Sherlock!" John called again, even louder than before. "Oi, Sherlock, are you listening? One of us needs to go home."
John rose to his feet when Sherlock showed no signs of slowing down, still a whirlwind stalking up and down the kitchen. "All right," he said again, nudging one of the chairs out with his foot. "Let's just sit down, okay? It is normal, but working yourself up like this, it's just going to make you feel worse, Sherlock." On a whim, he turned to the cabinets, digging out a half-empty bottle of old whiskey and a glass. Sherlock wasn't the world's biggest drinker, but one glass, this early on, couldn't hurt.
He doesn't remember. He was a little busy at the time, having his heart restarted. He doesn't want to remember.
He was a horrible, wretched person, he took and took and took, and he turned everything he touched to mud, and in that one single instant he could've done it again. He wanted to rip Victor's name right out of his mouth. He could've killed Oscar right there in the middle of the restaurant and enjoyed it.
John, I know that I want this, I know that you want this. We both want it, why are you telling me no still; why is every other piece in place but you insist that we can't?"
He let Sherlock slowly calm by degrees again, the hard lines of tension fading as he began to relax against John. His eyes were shut, but John could tell by how he was breathing that he wasn't asleep, or even trying to be. He was just tired. Worn out from the night before, and everything that John had asked from him today.
