When his neighbor turns around, he seems to notice Jack is with Dean for the first time. He doesn't look as suspicious as someone ought to be when a total stranger is dragging his small child back from God knows where. Or at least, that's just Dean's opinion.
So, just like he did to Jimmy all those times, Cas brings an arm around the other man’s back. It's a habit too that has him deposit a tender kiss to Dean’s temple as one of his thumbs passes on his cheek in a soothing caress. Like Jimmy did so often, Dean leans into the touch. His response is nothing like Jimmy though, when he passes his lips over Cas’ mouth in response.
His mom, June, has sent him a few messages begging him to 'be reasonable' and 'listen to his father', and left some voicemails where she mostly cries and tells him the same thing over and over again.
Chapter 9 'Rekindled fire' will be posted on Saturday. Exceptionally, there will also be a new chapter on Sunday, chapter 10: 'Salamander love'.
The other man is lying on his side now, scrutinizing him with his cheek on the pillow as Castiel sits up with his back against the headboard.
"Somehow, you're the person I feel like I know the best, yet you're still a mystery to me sometimes."
“Why not? You keep saying you want to experience things, ‘first high school party’ sounds like a must.”
So no, Dean is not ready to send off a message to Heaven about that weird baby, because what if Castiel is the one to answer?
Cas inhales in relief when he sees Charlie approaching their table, along with a blonde girl that Cas has never seen before.
“Even Dean?” she asks for confirmation. Since she had the occasion to spend time with Dean at some of Bobby’s barbecues that summer, she totally changed her tune about the jock. Now she seems to think that ‘the sun shines out of Dean’s ass’, to quote Jo.
They’re interrupted by the little boy from earlier literally tackling Dean. The teen must be used to it, because he barely sways at the impact, just squeezing Sam’s shoulders. He smiles as the boy takes his hand and starts dragging him in the direction of the living room.
"Because he still refuses to admit that it's a bad idea!" Michael says, like it makes sense and is not the result of a stubbornness so strong that a whole family ends up freezing their asses off every year for nearly two decades.
Halloween just went by and the weather is becoming really cold. He should use the last of Baby's tank to go as far south as he can before winter really hits. He probably won't get farther than Wichita though, and the thought makes him shiver.
He can feel Benny's gaze on him. He doesn't raise his eyes from his glass to check if he's glaring or worried, or maybe hurt. In truth, Benny has been the closest thing he's had to a friend those last few months. He's certainly been the only one trying to help him. He gave him free food, shelter against the colder days and a bathroom to use when needed. That's certainly more friendly than anyone has ever been since he had to start living in his car about ten months ago
Dean chuckles, toeing his shoes off and kicking them out of the way. He then hops awkwardly on one foot to take his socks off alternatively.
“This isn’t my home, Dean. It never was.” Cas tries to advance, but Dean’s hand is still gripping his arm, unable to let go. “I only ever had one home, Dean. I think it’s time for me to go back.” They share a long gaze. Dean’s eyes are begging him to stay, but the right words can’t quite reach his lips. “It’s better for everyone,” Cas concludes.
'll always find something wrong with him, because no one can be perfect enough to justify losing your father over."
The Wave holds on to him tighter, so tight that he can feel part of it burn him. It’s the least of his worries as they start to fly closer and closer to where Dean can hear his son cry. He reaches for Jimmy, pouring all his feelings into the Wave, into Cas, to guide him.
Dean approaches slowly, grimacing in a self-deprecating mimic. He posts himself right in front of Castiel though, looking determinated.
Castiel wonders briefly how many kids Inias had by now. Father likes them to start producing heirs as soon as they’re fifteen; that is, if their hair goes brown and they get to finally be called Angels. Inias probably has had a few offsprings by now. Castiel wonders what will happen to those children when Inias goes to prison.
“No, hey,” Dean can’t help but reassure, stepping around the counter to get closer. He stops when Cas takes a step back from him, eyes staying firmly behind Dean, jaw working in anger. “You’re always welcome here, Cas. You’re my
“He’s a walking disaster, that’s what happened! He keeps popping everywhere and breaking stuff or hitting me in the face,” Dean says, glaring at the baby in his arms when he insistently tries to put his tiny hand covered in car grease in Dean’s mouth, painting the hunter’s face even more black.
“No. I get it. It was a joke. I’m still not very good with those,” Castiel adds with a self-deprecating laugh that sounds so fake that Dean internally cringes. It’s the worst thing Dean has ever heard.
Now he's making up for it, kissing and sucking marks on Cas' skin for so long that his best friend gets impatient, squirming under his touch.
"I'm fine with the five hundred as long as you're also paying for lunch," Dean says, wiggling his eyebrows as they walk toward the restaurant. Something passes on Castiel's face that Dean can't quite identify. The other man stares at him for so long that it's a wonder he doesn't trip. He finally relents with a long suffering sigh as they enter 'Le Délice'.
“First time in a month that we finally have some time to ourselves,” Dean declares excitedly, throwing his shirt away and dropping his pants at the same time, his feet catching in it in his rush to get to the bedside table. “You better believe that I’ll make sure we make the most of it,” he announces over his shoulder as he searches the drawer for the lube.
Something tries to push him away and he feels himself floating away, he feels himself being nothing again. Panic rises again. When the presence brushes him again, Dean grabs onto it in desperation, grabs so hard that he can feel himself pouring into the ethereal being surrounding him. It squirms to get away, but Dean is terrified, he can’t let go, he can’t let the only thing making him feel alive get away. So he grows, he grows around that reassuring wave until he’s all around it, and he squeezes and presses until he is entirely surrounding it. He feels a crack open up under the pressure, and he rushes to fill it, to get inside. To get to safety.
didn't like it when his kids talked back. He didn't like pansy though, wanted his kids to be tough and take no shit. Dean wonders briefly what his dad would think of everything that happened to Dean this last month. Of what his life has become. Of him liking another man. He stomps that thought fast though, because he's pretty sure John wouldn't be happy about it.
“That’s a good thing, Castiel. Going out on a Saturday with a bunch of friends. That’s great!” Miss Barnes encourages.
He can't hear it right now though. Cas was clear, nothing has changed, he just wanted Dean to understand why it can't be any different. That doesn't make it hurt less, it just makes it more final.
"Yeah, because the dozen staff don't count," she says with a fond eye roll, obviously teasing her husband about his worrying nature.
Word of warning for this chapter: Have some kleenex nearby....and tell me if you used them or not :-p
Despite everything, Castiel can’t help but smile when he arrives at lunch to Jo and Charlie making out at their table. Sure, it’s unbecoming, because that’s where food is, and that’s not proper, but he’s happy for them. He ignores the little pinch of jealousy in his heart.
Cas doesn't answer right away, he's fighting not to tense up as Dean touches the scars again. He can feel the ghost of his wings fluttering, trying to chase away the tingling fingers  There is nothing, of course. Not anymore. But he can still feel them sometimes. He still goes to sleep every night imagining that Dean is sheltered beneath his wings.
"We're having a good time, yes," Dean confirms. "It's a beautiful day," he adds, trying to talk about the weather to avoid any touchy subject.
As if to prove a point, the kid flies right into Dean’s arms. “Yeah, good luck with that,” Dean scoffs, pointing at the baby grabbing his chin to try and suck on it.
"You and Castiel seem in particularly good spirits today," she points out in a tone he can't quite identify.
Sure, the Novaks aren't always nice to each other (that's an understatement), but Dean is sure they wouldn't all be here right now if they didn't love each other. Naomi certainly seems to care about her children in her own, very controlling, peculiar way. She's all kind of awful, but surely having a mom like her is still better than no mom at all?
A few minutes later, they're sitting at the kitchen table at Cas' house, munching on their waffles while Jack sings to himself. The silence is unusual and a little awkward.
There is no place for reason in Castiel's mind right now, his whole body burning with impatience now that he knows of a way to get his son back.
As Castiel expected, Dean ends up being the one being drowned. Or as one of his friends would probably say, ‘he got his ass kicked’. Cas does enjoy watching it.
They don't talk about it, but five days later, Dean is still here. Bobby keeps finding things for him to do. Dean thinks shutting up and doing it is going pretty well for him, so he doesn't protest. He hasn't paid for the Impala either. Not really. He tried to give the envelope of cash to Bobby, but the older man just told him to put it on the dresser. It's still there now, untouched.
Cas feels guilty for stealing Dean’s bed, but the jock won’t have it any other way, and Castiel is too tired to fight him. So he slides under covers that smells like Dean. It is not unpleasant. Not at all.
“Duh. That’s what Hitler did, and look how that turned out.” She suddenly stops talking, eyes round in shock and guilt. “Not that I’m comparing your dad to Hitler!”
Jody is scary. He forgets about how much sometimes. She’s a fierce lady that no one should ever mess with. He doesn’t feel like listening anymore though, because he knows she’s doing this for him, and might get in trouble with the authorities because of it. Plus, he’s supposed to be pissed at her, and her defending him so fiercely isn’t helping.
Dean elects to cut her off before she starts, because he has the feeling that it could get embarrassing pretty fast.
Bobby eyes his purchase with a frown when he joins him. He has two bags himself, full of hardware, and they both load up the car in silence.
“I should burn it,” he declares one day, sitting crossed legs on the bed and staring at it, while Charlie lies behind him reading a comic book. The Summer holidays have come around, and Jo went back to her mom’s in Sioux Fall for a fortnight, so Charlie keeps him company every day while Jody goes to work.
The room is empty, the walls white and the hardwood floor shiny. It looks like Dean's house when he moved in: neutral, impersonal.
still is. Dean still doesn't deserve Castiel. Naomi is only giving them her blessing because she seems to believe Dean somehow makes Castiel happy, but how could he possibly do that? He has nothing to offer. Except maybe some decent sex. He can't see anything else that Cas could possibly want from him.
"I don't remember mine," Castiel answers when Dean tells him about his mom. "I was only about one and a half, and when I think back...there is nothing there," Cas says, spinning the amber liquid in his glass. "I show Jack pictures of her and I try to talk about Kelly, so he can at least keep a little of her."
But Sam, Sam was only eighteen. Sam had no one else. Sam needed him and yet he let him go. He chose to side with his father instead, like the mean old drunk knew anything about succeeding in life. Like he knew anything about family.
Cas pulls on his hair again, bringing Dean's face against his neck so he can nibble on his ear. Dean pants against Castiel's skin, letting them both adjust and calm down for an instant.
He wonders what it must feel like to be surrounded by such a large family. All his life, Dean only had his dad and Sammy. Now he doesn't have anyone anymore. Dad died and Sammy...Sammy has his life far away and is probably better off without Dean.
“My arms are noodles,” Cas declares. That’s a saying, right? Spaghetti arms. No wait. Everything becomes black for a moment and the cold air on his skin makes him look down. “Hey, my shirt flew away. Where has it gone?” He thinks hard for a second, frowning in concentration. “Africa?”
“What the hell, Cas?” Dean asks as he comes into the room, looking pissed off by Cas’ sudden disappearance from the bedroom.
“Dean! I’m playing beer pong! Did you see?” Castiel yells excitedly. He tries to turn back toward the table, but Dean stops him again. The other boy grabs his arm and tries to drag him with him. Castiel’s feet don’t seem to be working correctly and he stumbles. There’s suddenly an arm around his hips, and a hand holding his own arm over Dean’s shoulder as the jock practically carries him away. “But the gaaaaame!” Cas whines.
He ends up moving erratically until Cas' hand grabs his hip and stops him from moving. Cas guides him firmly down, pressing him harder against him until he's sitting directly on Castiel's shaft, the head of it poking the soft spot just behind his balls. He moves his hips forward and back, just a little, and it is suddenly perfect.
It's so boring that Dean is nearly grateful to Naomi when she finally puts a stop to it. "My friends, I think it's time I go introduce this-," she pauses for a thousandth of a second here, "gentleman to the rest of the party. Be sure to try the foie gras toasts, we've just received it directly from le Périgord and it's scrumptious," she adds before dragging Dean toward another group of people. Castiel exchanges Dean's empty glass with a full one just as they reach a group of four people. Dean doesn't know if he should feel thankful or wary that Cas thinks it's necessary right at this moment.
He looks around and everyone seems focused on the tv, except Charlie who looks like a kid with free reign in a candy store, cuddled against Jo’s side. She sends him a wink when their eyes meet.
They may have never talked before Cas asked him to have sex, but Cas has definitely noticed him. He always notices it when Dean is in the room, because he can’t stop looking at him every chance he gets. He knows which tables Dean favors in every classroom they have in common and always chose a seat from which he can see him. He specifically chose their group’s lunch table because it’s right across from the jocks’ table, so Dean is always in his peripheral vision. Hell, he even bought a pin from the school team of whatever sport they’re playing and pinned it over his desk at home because it reminds him of Dean.
"I'm not hungry," Dean growls, pushing his empty glass toward the bartender to signal he wants a refill.
“I don’t make typos,” Castiel affirms, taking the key from between her fingers and looking it over. He knows what a USB key is, but he can’t find the part that you're supposed to connect to the computer. It just looks like a little figurine.
“Here-here baby, look at this round silver coin. It’s pretty, isn’t it? You want to touch it, don’t you?” Sam cues, squatting in front of the bed. It seems to work because the baby stops crying. He blinks at the coin Sam is holding with curiosity, head slightly canted to the side as he observes it. He must decide it’s interesting enough because he blows out some saliva bubbles in excitement and starts crawling toward the hunter on all fours.
“Huh.” She seems to be thinking about it, which is not what Cas was expecting. He was counting on her to say no so that he didn’t actually have to go with no need to fight his friends on it. “And his friends directly invited you?”
“Hello, Clarence,” Meg whispers, her face way too close to his, her breath smelling sweet with fruits and alcohol, probably from the bright orange drink they seem to call ‘punch’.
He looks terrible. He’s still not wearing pants, his tee shirt has suspicious stains on it, and his hair is in disarray.
Dean can't respond, eyes glued to the little card. He's never had Castiel's phone number before. There was never a point since Dean didn't have a phone. It's the first time Dean's had an actual way to reach him.
"Cas didn't want me to wear a tie," Dean grumbles, with a half-teasing, half-reproachful look at his partner. Cas got very upset about the tie and plaid thing and some not very nice words were exchanged. No hard feeling because it was stupid, but who knew someone had such strong opinions about clothes. Especially Cas, who looks like he's wearing a variation of the same dark blue suit every single time Dean sees him. And that trenchcoat is more of a fashion faux pas that plaid could ever be if you were to ask Dean. Which you shouldn't. Well, like he said, words were exchanged.
He slides off the stool and his legs immediately decide to give up on him. He sprawls on the floor, hitting his chin over the counter on the way down and biting his tongue.
“Jesus," Dean sighs, passing his hands on his face as he paces. “I thought you two were...” The relief. It’s like he can breath again, like…
I hope you liked this chapter, it was a little more bitter sweet, but I promise the next one is more... let's say hot and sweet :-p
He tells him about his brother Nick replacing his father as the reverent of their congregation after his death. About Nick's conservative ideas, about the hateful speeches he gave and how Castiel (Jimmy, at the time) started finding them less and less bearable. Jimmy had never questioned his identity or sexuality, and has always walked the line that his father had traced for him. A good catholic man. Dean can't help but think about the similarities with his own life when Cas tells him about Jimmy marrying his highschool sweetheart, even though he never loved her.
Dean has come to appreciate the calm of the evening. Of sitting squeezed against Jack in his little bed some nights, as Dean reads him a nighttime story until the kid falls asleep. Of sitting under the porch with Cas after, to enjoy the quietness of the evening together. They don't always talk. They don't need to fill the silence to be comfortable in each other's presence.
“Dean, my man,” some guy named Ash with a backward cap salutes, doing that weird thing guys do with their hands to Dean. “Is that cult boy?” he asks, noticing Castiel. “I didn’t know you two were pals. Tough shit you went through, man, that must have sucked balls!” Ash declares, extending his hand to Cas in the same way he did to Dean.
weren’t. They still played silly games, bickered and scraped their knees like any other children. Father may have called them Angels, but they were all just humans trying to survive. They shouldn’t be judged for his Father’s monstrosity.
“Shoes and socks can be bothersome during foreplay, so I’m preemptively taking them off, in order to be more efficient,” Cas explains, arranging his socks into his empty shoes. He gets up, wipes his hands on his jeans again and approaches Dean. The other man is looking at him with his mouth pursed and his eyebrows furrowed in bafflement. “I do trust that you have condoms and water based lubricant? I brought some, but forgot them in my bike’s satchel.”
“He’s a nephilim,” Sam concludes. “And they let you two live in Heaven? I thought the angels didn’t like those.”
"You'll get new ones." Dean raises a finger to make Cas shut up when it looks like he's gonna offer another counter argument. "I'm not used to being the positive one, you know. If you want to say no, just say no," Dean says, heart in his throat.
“But they put that collar thing with the wards on Jimmy. He probably can’t use his powers right now or he probably would have appeared while I was pooping this morning or something,” Dean says, feeling guilty at how much he complained about this. He would give anything for the kid to appear right into his arms right now.
You can find some ficlets as well as lots of destiel reblogs on my tumblr under the same username ;-)
“Weight,” Castiel mumbles. He has a flash of what brought that idea in the first place. His true form carrying Dean’s soul out of Hell. “What if I carry his soul into my Grace?” he mumbles to himself, squinting at the book still in front of him, not seeing any of the words.
Winchester makes a few more phone calls after that. He’s still acting overly familiar, through less so than he was on that first call. He obviously knows all of his clients personally and seems to have a good relationship with them, often asking news about family members by names.
Castiel still wonders sometimes. He wonders if the old Dean, his Dean, could have ever loved him the way that this Dean does. So freely and entirely, without angst and reservations, without the weight of death and betrayals that has always haunted their relationship. He'll never know now, but still he wonders.
"You're not," she confirms. Okay, outch. "Yet for some reason that I can't grasp, you've managed to make him more happy than I've ever seen him."
He doesn’t have time to ask, gasping as his back is pushed against the door as soon as it closes. Dean’s lips are on his neck and Cas can’t help but raise his chin because the sensation they produce are really pleasant. Castiel grabs the other boy's upper arms and squeezes, appreciating the firmness of his biceps. He’s suddenly reminded of those beautiful speckles on Dean's skin. He pulls the shirt on one side until he can see them on the other boy’s shoulder. Yeah. There they are. Whole constellations.
“We need access to the bunker’s archives to search anything we can find on Nephilim and the collar they used on Jimmy. We also need your help to perform a tracking spell,” Cas declares. “In exchange, Rariel-,” Castiel gesture to the older angel next to him, “- will help Sam understand whatever it is he’s trying to do,” Castiel declares before turning to his acolytes without waiting for Dean’s answer. “Arariel, use the books here for research. Sachiel, I need you to find the ingredients for a locating spell. Tamiel should have been back from his mission days ago. I couldn’t find any nimroot in the bunker’s storage, and we’re going to need some mesopotamian dragon blood, too,” Castiel orders. The one Dean assumes was Sachiel nods and disappears. “Sam,” Cas calls as soon as Sam enters the room, looking surprised to see all the angels, “I’ll need you to do the spell to find Tamiel, he had infiltrate Bartholemew’s ranks on my orders, if he’s still alive he might know where Jimmy is.”
"You never told me how you got those," Dean says, cheek resting on the back of Castiel's shoulder as he looks down at the scars between his omoplates. Their legs are still tangled together, their breath still a little short from what they just did, their skin sticky for more than one reason.
“I’m very confused.” He looks down at the bed where clothes are led out as if they were on a person. There are three different ensembles.
okay. His stomach has been crying for food since last morning, and he's what? Supposed to help this stranger by saying no to free lunch at one of the most prestigious restaurants in town? Fuck no. He's gonna eat like a king
"I'm sorry for the way my mother behaved toward you. I assure you, being yourself will be amply sufficient to the task."
“We’re doing this all backward, aren’t we?” Dean scoffs, swaying a little, his hips knocking again the inside of Castiel’s thighs as he gets closer.
"I would have never stolen for myself," Dean denies with a shake of his head. "My only crime in that department was using the five fingers discount on some bread and peanut butter so my little brother could eat something more than stale cereals for a few nights. I went to a Boy's Home for it. Never did it again."
"Wow, who knew people regularly sleeping together could lead to feelings. Yuck!" Dean jokes, putting all the folded clothes back into the basket so he can bring them up to the bedrooms.
Sometimes Dean even invites him to outings with some of his other friends from high school, but Cas isn’t ready to face them. Now everyone knows who he is, and he feels like he wants to enjoy the brand-new comfort of his little bubble with his friends, just for a little more time, before he has to be reminded that the outside world is still there.
Dean raises his head, ready to bitch. This leads him to notice that he is indeed sprawled in diagonal over the bed. He sighs and rolls as well as he can with minimal effort until he's more or less on his side of the bed.
“You had no right to hide it from me,” Dean throws right back, chin high as he takes a step even closer, in defiance. They’re glaring, faces so close that their noses are brushing. Dean can practically hear the angel’s teeth grinding against each other.
"Oh, you know your sister," Naomi waves it off. "It sure feels like a nice opportunity to introduce your new beau to everyone."
Castiel's grip on his hip is bruising until suddenly it's absent. His hand slides backward instead. A finger scratches at the dip of his crack in askance and all Dean can answer is "Please," too lost to object to anything at this moment.
"You tell your brother to fuck off and to never call you again, and act surprised when he does. Then you ask this Cas guy to tell his whole family to fuck off, and act surprise when he doesn't? Did you fucking learn nothing?" Bobby says sharply, raising up too.
“Arariel, can you explain everything to Sam? Rariel, Sachiel, I need you to go back to Heaven to talk to Naomi. She knows how Grace work better than anyone, I’ll need her advice on this,” Castiel orders.
"No wonder that kid is fucked up." Dean bites his lip, sheepish when Cas looks offended, "Hey, I love the kid, but he did burn out a house a few days ago."
“It doesn’t matter. We need to find Jimmy!” Sam insists, taking a few steps before faltering and grabbing onto the bookcase. Dean rushes to his side, gripping his brother’s arm to keep him from falling down. “Why are you so calm? Why are you just standing here doing nothing?” Sam accuses.
“You look like you have abs-” Charlie continues, ignoring Meg, which is their current strategy to try and get rid of her. Sadly, Cas isn’t very good at being rude to people on purpose, even Meg, neither is Charlie. “- which is really unfair, because you literally never exercise. I mean, I saw you read a book in PE.”
ass, and he nearly jumps away before he realizes that, eh that's kind of okay with him now. It's not just any dick, it's
By the time he gets out of the bathroom, Cas is nowhere to be seen, having probably already gone down for breakfast. Dean ponders for a few minutes if he should even get out of this room. He's still queasy from all the cheese. Their morning adventures didn't help, making him so nervous that his stomach is in knots. His thoughts are racing and he doesn't feel like seeing Cas right now.
They end up staying for a while longer after that, and it’s the best day Cas has had in a very long time. Probably ever, but he doesn’t want to ruin his mood by making comparisons with his past.
The only kid he's ever cared for before was his little brother, and with Sam...he screwed up too. He screwed everything up. The thought of ever hurting Jack is unbearable, and Dean can't help but think that he should put some distance between them before the worst happens. He's not even sure how they became that close in the first place, although Jack seems to have the same talent as his adoptive father for inserting himself into people's life and heart whether they want him to or not.
it. He pushes the heels of his feet into the small of Cas' back instead, trying to bring him even closer. They both grunt against each other's mouths as the head finally pops in. It feels huge and like it's straining him more than he can handle, but Dean bares down, arching his back to push back against Cas. The other man starts slowly circling his hips and Dean throws his head back, Cas' mouth immediately latching on his throat. Those little moves are driving Dean crazy, they make his nerves spark with a mixture of too much and not enough that's blurring his vision.
“Or superheroes. Time will tell,” she adds with a ‘what can you do gesture’, swaying closer to amicably knock her shoulder against his. “No, but, for real, this is important on so many levels.” She looks at the crumbled pile of papers with such admiration that he frowns.
He deflates when Cas’ shoulders tense more, scared at the idea that the angel might leave again. They need to find Jimmy. That's all that counts.
Castiel winces at the noises of cutlery scraping plates. Despite the Advils Bobby’s given him, his head is still hurting. He feels like he would be better off in his bed right now, but when Jody arrived with beers, ribs and a pie, it became clear that it would be hard for them to convince her that he’d rather go home without her becoming suspicious. Hell, that discussion was never happening as soon as Dean heard the word pie.
He goes back to staring at the pile of papers. All her answers are here. Everyone's answers are sitting on his desk right now.
Dean doesn't know much about kids, but feeding them sugar in the middle of the night feels like a bad idea. He shrugs and turns around, though, because that is not
His knee and back aches from the position he’s in, yet he doesn’t move an inch until he hears Sam waking up a few steps away. He takes a deep breath, gets up and puts on a brave face.
Dean tries to look up, but can't see much, barely the shadow of a baseball cap, behind the lamp torch pointed straight at him, along with a shotgun.
"We didn't talk about sharing the bed," Dean says. Castiel freezes in his move to get under the covers. He's somehow put on pajamas like a respectable person. One of his legs is still on the ground, the other knee under the raised blanket.
Thank you to all those who read, liked and/or comments on this fic, your feedback gives me the confidence to keep on writing. I've got two more fics coming, so don't hesitate to subscribe if you don't want to miss them.
“There are markets where they sell fleas? Why? Is it necessary to have some at home? I always thought they were more of an inconvenience..." Cas reflects, looking very confused.
“That could work,” Arariel says, wide eyed with excitement. “If you’re connected enough that you could read his soul, but not enough that your Grace is tainting him, his soul could guide you in the right direction. That’s an excellent idea, Castiel!”
“We’ll talk about it on Monday,” she declares, nodding to herself as she wipes her eyes. She’s not holding his hands anymore. She gets up, sniffing and closes the door without saying good night.
Dean’s soul forces himself to look back toward Cas and Jimmy. He looks straight at them and lets everything it’s making him feel pour into the Wave surrounding him.
This is turning out way better than Cas thought it would. He can’t wait to be at Monday’s meeting to see what happens when Winchester really tries to work on something.
Dean knows he has to come clean about Ezekiel, to Sam as well as Cas. He just wanted to enjoy his night and his dinner without the tension the truth would bring. He has no doubt that Sam won’t be happy about it, will probably scream and storm out, but will eventually forgive him. Sam always does. He has no idea how Cas will react.
Cas is sitting on the edge on the bed, shoulders hunched as he looks down at what is in his hands: Jimmy’s yellow rabbit plush. Castiel is wearing his trenchcoat and blue suit again instead of the jeans and one of the ugly sweaters from the last few days. It’s weird seeing him in that oversized trench coat again, it’s making him look smaller somehow, like a little kid wearing his dad’s coat.
For what’s probably the first time, he’s the one reaching for her that day. He gets up and curls against her on the bed, arms around her hips and head on her lap. He can feel one of her tears land on his cheek as she continues to talk to him in words he doesn’t hear. He concentrates on the feel of her hand in his hair. It’s a sensation he never knew before he met her, that is wholly
"-to be served on a platter to your family?" Dean asks, searching Castiel's gaze until they exchange a smile.
Dean nibbles on his bottom lip for a second, looking at the antiquated garage around him. "I'll take it anyway," he affirms, sliding back under the car.
“Okay.” Dean takes his shirt off in a swift movement, throwing it right to the chair in the corner. There are freckles and a whole lot of tan skin, and Cas can’t help but stare at it, trying to find a pattern to all those little blemishes. Dean takes Castiel's hand, their fingers interspecing as he raises them closer to his chest. “You can touch,” he invites gently, putting Cas’ hand against his torso.
The rating goes up to Explicit with this chapter. It's my first time writing 'porn' tbh, so don't hesitate to tell me what you thought, I need constructive criticism to get better at it and feedback to dare to write another one.
"Of course, dear," Naomi says. She looks a little wide eyed too, probably thrown by Dean turning on the charm to the max.
“I know," Cas admits, looking at the ground. When he raises his gaze again, it falls right into Dean’s, full of that clever glint that the hunter has definitely seen before.
"Did you hurt yourself?" Jack says, putting one hand on Dean's shoulder as he leans forward to inspect his head. "You're all red there," he notes, poking at Dean's forehead and making him flinch in pain.
She makes him a whole continental breakfast, and he forces himself to eat it to please her, even though his own stomach is in knots.
“Listen, son,” Bobby says in a serious voice, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “You did good  calling me,” he admits, sincere, “but any of you do something that stupid again and I’ll kill you myself, is that clear?” he threatens, looking at Dean until he nods, then at Cas until he does the same. “Good.”
"Dean," she greets as she approaches. Somehow, she manages to walk in the mud with high heels without sliding once. Dean has to acknowledge that Cas' mom does have some class.
"I don't know what this is about, but I do not wish to hear it, and I don't appreciate you making this kind of inquiry in the first place," Castiel defends.
The first twenty minutes are excruciating. Cas is so tense that he gets actual cramps in his neck and lower back. He has no idea who's winning on tv, or who he’s supposed to be wishing to win. From the rhythm of everyone’s yell, he would say the red ones, but he has no idea what states or town or country that team is supposed to represent.
“Thankfully, as soon as Bartholemew brought him to earth, Jimmy did exactly this,” Cas explains with a nod toward his son on Dean’s lap, barely getting the hunter’s cup of coffee away before it can be thrown off the table.
Dean pauses when he notices the metal gate of the Salvage Yard is closed. He pushes on his frozen tiptoes to peak above it. All the lights in the main house a little further up are turned off.
“Oh stop it with the self-deprecating bullshit. You were important too. Now let me apologize correctly!”
Funny how food tastes like nothing but molecules to him, yet Dean tastes like everything good in the world. It makes Castiel crave more, makes him want to taste everything the hunter has to give him. He’s on his knees before he can even finish that thought. He never believed he would want to do that, isn’t even sure how he is supposed to do it, but he's suddenly burning with the need to put his mouth on the engorged member in front of him.
She was shunned and insulted. It was Jimmy who took pity on her and opened his home to her. Nobody understood, not even his wife, but he could see that Kelly needed help and he knew, without any doubt left in his heart, that she wasn't lying. With Jimmy's intervention, Nick finally admitted that Kelly's child was his. Of course, he turned the whole story in a way that made him sound like a good samaritan helping out a poor lost girl and falling in love with her. People ate his story up, Kelly forgave him, but Jimmy could never forget the true face of his brother.
Dean rolls his eyes before putting the coin against the baby’s arm. “Here. Checked without any baby choking to death.” He tries to take his hand away, but the baby grabs it, stopping him. “Okay, Sam, this baby is really strong,” Dean says, pulling his hand to no avail. “
"I'm sorry it's ending the way it is," Cas says, voice still too neutral. "My mother is right though, this is unacceptable. I was careless bringing you here. This whole deal was madness in the first place," Cas continues. He pauses for a second. "It makes me wonder if any of it was ever real," he admits, lower.
Castiel's way of speaking may seem weird for a teenager, but the reason is part of the plot, so bear with me on this.
intimate. He cringes when Cas puts a hand on his arm as he laughs, jumps when their thighs brush under the table and tense up when Cas' chest lean against his arm as he reaches for the orange juice.
His only response is a sudden jet of cold water right onto his face. He screams and flails, his hand grabbing the first thing it can and pulling to try and get up. He doesn’t manage to get up, instead he hears Dean yell “son of a bitch!”, then a tearing sound. Everything becomes black. Well, no, not black. Mostly orange. And heavy.
“There is no mother,” he answers, seeming to weigh his words carefully. Dean is opening his mouth to speak again when Cas cuts him off. “If you’re okay with us staying here tonight, it’s nearly time for Jimmy to go to bed. Sam said that you may have a crib in storage somewhere?”
The kid chats happily about genderless earthworms as they cross the short distance from Dean's porch to the neighbor's. Nobody answers the door when Dean knocks, but there's the faint sound of a voice coming from outside, so they go around the house to the back garden.
The weight of all his secrets feel lighter now that he knows he has people whom he can share them with. Dean didn’t judge him. He accepted Castiel’s past without blame or mistrust, just like Charlie did before.
“It’s just the way I talk,” Cas says, wiping his runny nose on his sleeve as he sits back. He’s not feeling angry anymore, just drained. “I tried not to talk like this. I tried and it made Jody upset.”
As he leaves, Dean thinks about John Winchester. He thinks about Mary Winchester. About Sam. You can get over losing anyone. He'll get over losing these two people too.
“No, we traumatized Charlie’s father by doing it in her room while he was in the living room,” Jo corrects, smirking cheekily. They actually high five, it’s revolting.
“So,” Charlie announces, looking at the planning on her phone. “You’ve got the first and second period with me. You’re alone on third, but I’ll accompany you there, and then Dean will come to get you for your fourth period together. Then-”
"I knew I shouldn't trust you," Cas growls, shaking his head. His eyes are wide and dry, pupils abnormally dilated. There is also a red rim around them that Dean has learned to recognize from his frat days.
“Yeah, well, whatever you teens are doing or calling it these days,” Jody dismisses. “I just-” She takes a breath and comes closer, crouching in front of him and taking his hands. “I don’t think you’re ready, Cas.”
"Yeah," Dean says, letting himself fall on the couch. He's exhausted, the muscles in his arms trembling for overuse. It will hurt like hell tomorrow. Daisy immediately jumps up to cuddle up to his side. Bobby gives a side-eye to the dog that isn't normally allowed to go on the couch. Dean really has been spoiling her.
They check the impala, in and under every car in the parking lot.  And the bathroom. Under the bed. Even the wardrobe.
Castiel's mouth tastes fresh, like toothpaste. Dean could stay right here, kiss that man all day long and be content. Cas is eager though, fingers now dancing along the edge of Dean's underwear, asking permission. Dean presses back against them in answer. They don't waste time, immediately sliding underneath the clothes and grabbing the globe of his ass more firmly than any woman ever dared.
"I tried to do the whole birthday party thing last year. Jungle themed because Jack was really into tigers, we even made a tiger shaped pinata ourselves and tinsels made of big leafs," Cas pinches his lips, "No one came."
Dean is leaning against the fridge, pondering if he should just leave when Cas rejoins him in the kitchen a few minutes later, having put Jack to bed. Dean nervously straightens up.
"Cas!" Dean shouts. "Please, you. Need you." His head is clouded with so much pleasure that he can barely think, but he knows his peak is close and he wants to feel Cas. He wants to come with Cas buried deep inside him.
“I don’t want us to kiss,” Cas decides. He doesn’t like to do things that he doesn’t know how to do well. Best to avoid that.
Naomi's eyes don't leave them during breakfast, and Dean's cheeks burn with the unreasonable thought that she somehow knows what they've been doing before breakfast. Maybe she does, they haven't exactly been good at keeping quiet.
"I'm not rejecting you, dumbass," Dean reassures, nudging Cas' ankle back. "I'm just not sure I'm ready to talk about it yet. Is that okay?"
“Oh boy,” Jo declares, “come on, Sammy, time to go do some homework,” she says, taking Sam’s hand and nearly lifting him from his chair in her haste to run away.
"You done?" Bobby asks when Dean comes inside a few hours later. He's spent most of the afternoon with a slide hammer, pretexting to do bodywork, when really, he just needed something to hit. He thinks Bobby gets that.
Castiel blinks out of his thoughts when two fingers tap his forehead. "Here they are, the mysteries," Dean teases with a cheeky grin.
“I wasn’t sure I was going to either, but you probably know how relentless Charlie can be by now,” Cas says, sliding backward a little until he can lay down, his feet dangling above the water. He shields his eyes from the sun and looks at Dean, who’s still watching the girls. “Now I’m glad I came, too,” Cas confides.
"When you sell it like that, it does sound like a nightmare," Dean admits. "A whole weekend lying seems like a lot. Shouldn't you rather tell them we broke it off and be done with this whole mess? They've seen you can bag a hottie like me, that's enough, right?"
"That's what you get for asking this kind of stuff from a perfect stranger," Dean shrugs, pushing a pebble with the point of his shoe. His red sock is peeking out from a tiny hole near his big toe. It's such a contrast to how grand everything and everyone looked in there. It's making him feel like shit. He's maybe feeling a tiny bit guilty for trapping Castiel like that too. He doesn't seem like a bad guy, albeit one with a psycho mom.
"Found them!" Gabriel interrupts by yelling just beside them. "I owe you ten bucks, Anael! I was wrong, they still have their pants on."
"Yeah, fine," Cas waves it off. "Rough day." He looks like he shakes himself, that fake grin coming back on. "But you two look like you're going to have a nice evening," he adds. "Hi, I'm Castiel."
"Sorry about your suit," Cas says, a little awkward as he points at Dean's stained collar and shoulder. "He doesn't want to go to sleep tonight," he adds with a sigh. Cas looks a little sad and subdued, which is highly unusual for him.
They stay like this for a moment, just lying down facing each other and exploring the other's face with their eyes. Cas really has a nice one, and Dean takes the opportunity to watch his fill. There are just far enough that they're not touching, but close enough for him to see the fine lines in the corners of Cas' eyes and that one little speck a shade darker into his left pupil.
Jody sounds angry. She always does those days when she talks to Agent Henriksen. Castiel doesn’t blame the FBI agent. He hates seeing him, and what that generally entails, but Victor is a nice guy, he always seems to feel bad about it.
There’s no other photos, nothing more recent, and Castiel wonders. How long has the boys’ father been gone? What about their mother?
He doesn't have much of a choice though. So he braces himself and goes down to breakfast. The kids are all in the common room, along with some of their parents and nannies, playing some kind of game. Dean waves them a quick hello as he passes.
“Bobby, maybe the boy’s getting old enough to make his own choice,” Jody points out, gently. “If he doesn’t want to play sports or go to College, that’s his decision.”
Even with his mouth agape and those horrible snores resounding, Castiel can’t help but think Dean is the most beautiful man he’s ever seen.
After a quick lunch with Hannah and the kids, Dean goes back to his room for a nap. The food was awesome, but there were way too many kids, it was exhausting.
"I believe you, Dean," Cas confesses. He sounds relieved too, like he needed proof that it wasn't just a lie, like he needed Dean to say it. It makes hope burn in Dean's heart, but it's short-lived since Cas takes a step back, letting his hand drop away from Dean's face. "Sadly, it doesn't change anything. My family will never accept you now."
“Don’t make Charlie cry,” Cas mumbles. He doesn’t think it comes out coherent. Charlie tuts him and pushes his head against her shoulder. It makes a nice pillow, a little boney, but warm and smelling good. She always smells like the sweets Gabriel used to give him. Ooh, candies. “Do you have candies?” he suddenly asks at no one; the screams that were still going stop, at least.
One more time I want to thank my amazing betas because they really did a great work on this story and are continuing to do so on the others stories that are coming.
When Cas comes back from having dealt with what Dean calls ‘Angel Business’ that day, he’s surprised to find Jimmy’s crib, along with all his personal belongings in the middle of the corridor. Panic seizes him for an instant. Has Dean decided that he doesn’t want Jimmy and him to stay? Castiel thinks things have been going well. He has never, as a matter of fact, been happier than he is now. But what if it’s too much for Dean? Cas has just ‘officially’ moved into Dean’s room last week. Dean had made a fuss about all the ugly sweaters in his wardrobe, but he seemed okay with it. What if he’s changed his mind now?
He smirks as he undoes Cas' pants, sliding it off along with his underwear, impatient. He can't help but groan when he looks up. The head of Cas' dick is just peeking out between the pans of his button down shirt, the dark pink of it contrasting with the pristine white. When Dean licks his lips, Cas twitches and hardens slowly the rest of the way. Dean looks on, fascinated as it pushes a little more at the fabric around it. Only Cas' hands caressing his hair brings him out of his contemplation. Dean's mouth is salivating, which is still a new sensation when looking at another guy's junk, but there's no doubt in his mind that he wants his mouth all over it. He undoes the bottom buttons on the shirt, his fingers brushing against the hardness just under it as he reveals more and more of it.
Dean looks around. He can’t feel the ground under his feet, can’t see his body, he’s still as weighless and incorporeal, yet he is
Kissing Cas is probably the bravest thing he’s ever done – and again, he’s a monster hunter– and it was a total disaster. A huge clusterfuck.
“Jesus, Sam, what am I gonna do?” Winchester sighs, leaning back in his chair and passing a nervous hand through his hair. “I can’t do
“Oh my god, is that little Jo?” Jody exclaims, looking over at Bobby. “How the hell did your ugly mug produce a girl that pretty?”
In the picture, Rachel’s skin is so white that her hair doesn't look so blonde anymore. She looks like an angel, Castiel thinks cynically.
"My older brother is named Lucifer," Castiel starts, ignoring Dean's remark. "Lucifer is married to Lilith and they have two children."
He's always grinning now. Even through the darkness, Dean has always had the ability to be excited by the most simple things. Now that the darkness is gone from his life and memories, his happiness is so infectious that it sometimes invades Castiel too, making him forget, if only for a few minutes. Seconds.
Dean’s soul thrashes against the wall so hard that it breaks down and lets him out. The emptiness feels better, less hurtful. He can feel the Wave hovering close, but not daring to approach, letting him calm down.
Jack doesn't seem upset by it, leaning forward to see what the paper is revealing. A squeal follows, and Jack is being squeezed between them as Claire hugs Dean. Her little arms aren't long enough to reach around Dean and Jack, but she nuzzles her head under his chin. Dean pats her head, a little awkward as he feels everyone's eyes on them.
Is that how Cas sees him now? Like a con man with no emotion, manipulating him with no feelings what's so ever?
"Well, it's nice to finally meet you Dean. I sure wish this luncheon will give me the chance to learn everything about you."
They stay like this for a minute, lips latching in a languorous kiss until they just don't have the breath to continue and have to separate. The need to move is becoming more and more urgent too, Dean's cock leaking in desperation against Cas' stomach, crying for more. Dean whines at his loss when Cas slips the whole way out. His hole is left gaping, fluttering as it searches for the length that has suddenly disappeared. Cas grabs Dean's legs, readjusting them until he's gained more leverage, his feet on the ground and his hands on the mattress next to Dean's head.
Castiel ignores him, sitting on the ground next to him. He takes the wrench from his hands and slips his head under the counter. He wriggles to the side until Dean has no choice but to move away or end up with an annoying neighbor on his lap.
Cas chuckles fondly before cutting them off. "Long story short, Gabriel hijacked Michael's plans by cancelling reservations and conning the staff into preparing us a picnic."
"While we were...separated, there were times I wanted to call you," Cas admits as he sits over the cover next to Dean, a craft envelope in hands. "I didn't have any way to reach you, had no idea where you lived," he continues, looking so sad at the memory that Dean slides a little closer to him until he can push his chin onto his shoulder. "All I had was your name, so...I did some research," he confesses hesitantly.
He can barely hear the praises Cas is gasping. He feels dazed, hypnotized by the way Cas' dick feels and smells and tastes. He mouths at the base, tests the different texture with his lips and the flat of his tongue, before he sucks on the head again. And again. He feels drunk with it, fueled by the noises that Cas makes above him, by his praises and the call of his name.
“Mister,” the zoo security lady asks as she warily watches Jimmy’s hair being pet by the baboon he was in the lap of, “could you explain to me again how your baby ended up
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too,” Winchester says, somber. “No, nothing, don’t worry, I know you gave me a good deal for it. I trust you, Bobby. Hell, I’ve checked under the hood myself. What about the Clone Boss 302?” Winchester listens to the answer, taking a few notes. “Thanks, Bobby. Yeah I can’t wait to be able to come over to look at that Code K. Don’t go selling it to someone else in the meantime,” Winchester teases. “I’m joking, Bobby, I’m joking,” he tries to appease. “I know I’m your first and only love.” The response he gets at this is nearly loud enough for Cas to hear it. “Love you too, bye,” Dean concludes with a mocking tone and grin.
“I do like you, Cas. More than you could ever know. I’m sorry it’s taken me so long to be brave enough to admit it.”
That's why he always forces himself not to think about what's happening with Cas. That's exactly why. He feels like his emotions are so raw that he's either gonna start sobbing or break something.
The grass is a little damp from the cold, but the blanket is thick under his knees, and he has another one on his lap, so that's not so bad. Jack immediately joins them. As much as Dean loves the kid, he was kinda hoping for a romantic picnic and wants to do some things to his uncle that the little boy definitely should not see. He still amuses the kid for ten minutes by trying to catch the little bite of food Jack throws at him, aiming at his mouth. Of course, that means that soon, all the kids (and Gabriel) are just throwing food at his face. He might end up with weird things in his hair, but they all have a good laugh out of it.
“A pretty accurate affirmation,” Cas laughs, wiping his eyes with the thumb of his left hand, his right one still wrapped by Dean’s.
“I should probably be offended by this,” Cas answers, reflecting. He looks down at his simple grey tee-shirt and blue jeans, “but I don’t think grooming and fashion are of import, as long as physical hygiene is respected.”
“Jimmy was able to reach Dean’s soul by flying, but Dean can’t fly,” Sachiel points out, looking intrigued, if confused, by the idea.
Dean jumps, nearly dropping the baby at the sound of the voice right beside him. He looks in shock at the familiar blues eyes, scruff and mop of dark hair. Dazed, he barely notices the child reaching his arms in the direction of the angel. Castiel takes the kid from Dean’s arm with an ease that makes Dean shivers in realization. The baby’s eyes. It always bugged him because he knew that shade of blue. There was an unspeakable idea at the back of his mind every time he looked at this kid because he would recognize those eyes anywhere. He’s spent longer looking into those eyes than anything else after all.
Dean’s hands slide further under Cas’ t-shirt, trying to raise it with them to take it off. Castiel jumps a whole step back, immediately admonishing himself for his own reaction.
“Please, tell me you’re not painting our son’s room with paint that you found in the basement.” Cas goes to check out the paint bucket. Does paint have an expiration date? Wasn’t there lead and dangerous chemicals in paint in the fifties?
They exchange a smile before they settle, shoulder against shoulder to look at the pics silently scrolling on Cas’ phone. Cas blushes when they’re suddenly looking at a pic of Dean and him all snuggled up on the armchair.
“I’ve checked the wards. Jimmy shouldn’t be able to get out and no angel but you can get inside. You two can stay here as long as you want.”
Father used to call him his Archangel. He was one of his first sons, from before Father created Heaven.
Dean startles and looks around, like he’s wondering who Cas is talking to. When there is no one, his eyebrows jump up his forehead. He tapes a hand on his chest to ask for confirmation, and Castiel nods, clutching his history book to his chest.
The hurt that paints Cas' face is clear, and makes Dean reach out to pass a soft finger on his cheek.
"Likewise, my lady," Dean answers with a cocky smile. Castiel scrapes his throat and Dean flinches. "I mean, I think Castiel is a very handsome man as well," he covers up, as best as he can. To sell it, he drapes an arm around Cas' waist and squeezes him to his side. He's pretty sure he's met metal poles less tense than Castiel. At least, it makes Naomi release his arm. Small mercies.
He shudders when he remembers her hands on his body, how frozen he has gotten, unable to move as her eyes plunged into his.
"O...Okay," Dean says, awkwardly patting the shoulders of the child grabbing on his legs like his life depends on it.
“Yeah, I thought that too. We haven’t seen any since a few months after Cas le-” Sam stops himself, scratching his head. “I could check the lore for the miraculous appearance of superstrong babies, I guess.”
Dean is lying on the tiled floor, head buried under the kitchen's sink. He has no idea what the hell he's doing or searching for, but the tap is dripping and it's driving him crazy.
“My therapist says that my father will probably write a book in prison, and that it will sell well.”
As expected, he really likes the flea markets and buys tons of miscellaneous ugly things that he doesn’t need. Why buying a figurine of a garden gnome playing guitar is an an obvious choice to him, but choosing a mattress and a bed frame at Ikea takes him two hours and twenty six minutes is a mystery to Dean, but he’s glad he was there to see it...even if those two hours and twenty six minutes seemed like the longest of his life.
Of course, Jack still wants to know what happens next, so Dean has to make up a story where there was just the one mean dinosaur, but they all ended up becoming good friends in the end. Jack only looks half convinced, but Cas has a blast asking very specific questions about what happens in the rest of the movie, enjoying the way Dean struggles to answer him.
It's all rushing back to him. That first lunch with Castiel and Naomi, Anna's engagement party, the jacuzzi....He needs some air. He's successfully avoided thinking about the Novaks for some time now, burying any thought of Castiel under menial tasks and stupid tv. Now he feels like he's drowning in those very thoughts he's trying to forget about and he can't get enough air.
As soon as he realizes where they are, Dean deflates like the only string that was still holding him up just got cut. He falls a step forward and Castiel catches him by the shoulders, but Dean doesn’t seem to be falling as much as seeking more contact. His eyes are still closed as his forehead comes to rest against the angel’s temple. His warm breath is like a caress against Castiel’s cheek and the angel can feel himself tremble with the need for contact too.
“Jeez, thanks, you really know how to boost a guy's ego,” Dean grumbles, a smirk at the corner of his lips contradicting the vexation he’s mimicking.
He can do this now. He can touch Cas whenever he feels like it. He presses a kiss over the other man's forehead, breathing him in with a sigh of content.
“And then what?” Cas says between clenched teeth. Dean takes a step back, literally taken aback by the anger he can see reflected in the angel’s eyes. “We would have raised him together? Raised the result of that mistake you couldn’t even bring yourself to talk about?” he taunts.
“I can always tell, Dean,” Castiel says, like it’s a normal thing to see right through his soul. “I’ll probably be able to tell even more about what you’re feeling after we bond. You know that, right?” Cas asks, looking like he’s going to ask if Dean is sure again.
Patrick, his adoptive dad, is convinced Dean just threw his life away. He's been passive-aggressively sending Dean emails with job offers for the past week, yet won't answer the phone. Not that Dean has tried to call him that much.
Castiel just hums in answer to signal he heard him. He is in the kitchen a few feet over, cooking some kind of vegetable wok thing. Dean sends a careful look to Jack who's kneeling in front of the coffee table and drawing. The kid is humming to himself and shaking his head a little, too engrossed in his own little world to pay them any mind, so Dean wills himself to broach the subject that has been on his mind.
"You owing me five hundred bucks? Dude, you're lucky I don't charge you more for the fresh hell I just lived through."
"You don't know what you're getting into," Dean says, sucking a bruise at the cord of Cas' neck. The other man pushes back his head, giving him better access.
He lies between Cas' spread legs, head just over his groin so he can admire those amazing panties up close. He can just about see the darker color of Cas' cock under them, guess the shape of it from the way it's straining against the fabric. Dean pulls on the band with a finger until Cas' cockhead peeks out, angry red and wet at the tip. He traces the shape of the bulge, feeling the way it pulses under his finger, how it twitches when Dean lightly blows on it.
He tries to close his eyes to enjoy the warm water again, but the moment has passed so he gets out of the shower.
The next time the Singer family yells, Charlie is yelling right along with them, her insults often making absolutely no sense (what’s a “three legged buttless monkey”?). She’s cackling, overjoyed by it. He can’t help but start laughing too as the three other teens start catching on and doing the same. Sam has a very vivid and troubling imagination for his age.
Yesterday, they discovered that the wards had been tampered with. They deduced that the angels that took Jimmy must have had help from humans. They had hope that the human accomplices had driven to the bunker, or at least the closest road, which would have meant that they could have been caught by some traffic cam, but there was no sign of any cars approaching the bunker road between the moment Sam checked the wards in the morning and the moment Jimmy disappeared. Dean even checked as far as the day before that, in case the intruder had already been in the woods while Sam was outside, but he couldn’t see anything.
Cas' lips look bright red. He keeps biting it, trying to muffle all the sweet noises Dean is craving to hear. The next time he does, Dean pointely sucks harder until Cas can't keep the noise in anymore. He does it again and again until Cas seems to get the message and opens his mouth instead. His moans are music to Dean's ears as he concentrates on going a little faster, trying to push just this little bit farther. The taste of Cas is more and more heavy on his tongue. He tries to swallow it, but can't quite manage it yet and has to get off regretfully to breathe.
“When I opened my eyes and saw that his were open too, I believed...Just for a second, I believed that he didn’t do it either. It was pretty dark under the blanket and it took me a moment to realize that something was wrong. His hand wasn’t squeezing mine anymore and his weight against me…” He pauses when Dean squeezes his hand, bringing him back to the present. Cas takes a moment before squeezing back, ready to continue. “I lay beside him and covered us back up with the blanket. I don’t know how long I stayed under there just..waiting for the light to come back to his eyes. I think it was a long time, because when I came to, the police had already covered up the bodies of some of my siblings. I guess for a moment, they thought I was dead too. Sometimes I think I did die, at least in part, that day too. It was another little boy that Jody wrapped in her jacket and carried out that day.”
“It would still have been a better option than being raised by your sicko angel family,” the hunter accuses between clenched teeth.
Cas' head is thrown back, the long line of his neck exposed, his torso pushed forward, pink nipples harden to two small nubs. His hipbones are sharp, dancing slightly back and forth with the movement of his arm, back arched and mouth gaping open in pleasure. His dick is engorged, leaning slightly left toward his bellybutton, bobbing gently as Castiel moves. A small pearl of clear liquid is oozing from the tip, and Dean's hungry gaze follows it as it slides down the pink skin, all the way to the base. He licks his own lips, gulping the excess of saliva suddenly in his mouth.
little brother,” he declares, pausing for a second with an insistent stare at Bobby before he continues. “And then we’re going to eat some delicious pie,” he announces with a grin so fake that it irks Castiel.
“I like girls,” he says firmly, jaw grinding. The words actually hurt his throat coming out, scratch it so raw that he has to pass a hand on his skin to make sure he’s not bleeding.
After what seems like an eternity, Dean can't sob anymore, his chest so full of feelings that he can barely breathe. He still stays snuggled against Cas, lost in his own thoughts as he tries to process it all. He's thinking back to the past and seeing nothing but misery, yet for the first time he feels like he can hope for a better future. He has Castiel now. And Bobby, and Jody. Even Naomi is trying to show kindness and offering him a new chance at a family.
. There must be some way we can keep that kid into his crib.” Cas doesn’t seem to find this as funny as it was intended. “Why is it always my lap he lands on anyway?” Dean grumbles as the kid in Castiel’s arms stretches his chubby arms toward him to be picked up. The hunter is starting to understand that the baby is going to end up in his arms whether he wants him too or not. He goes to take him, but Castiel turns away.
It takes him forty more minutes before Jack is blissfully asleep. Talking about sword training was apparently not a great idea because the kid is so excited that he's too keyed up to sleep. They end up reading a few stories about dragons until Jack's eyes finally start to droop closed.
"So?" Bobby asks, surprising Dean by being the one to crack first. Jody looks ready to burst with excitement. "You're gonna tell us or I gotta go search for my rod to fish it out of your ass?"
More than that, Sam's always been everything to him, and now he has a chance to get him back. To have a family of his own choice, with his own blood and without. It won't be easy. Things will be challenging, they still have their differences. Sam and him still need to talk about everything that happened between them, about how Dean chose his mistreating dad over his own brother. Yet, everything feels different now. Now he knows that Sammy has the strength and the will to forgive him. Dean isn't sure he's ready to forgive himself yet, he probably never will be for abandoning his brother in that way. It doesn't matter though. He'll work on it, with his brother, with Cas, with Bobby kicking his ass, probably.
Jack beams at him proudly before he runs to his dresser and announces that Dean needs to be royalty too.
Jack is being particularly difficult these days. Dean's not sure if it's because he misses his house, feels bad about burning it or is still ressenting him for abandoning him, but Jack always hovers between rejecting Dean and being extra needy. He'll kick and scream at Dean in the morning at the smallest contrariety, but won't be able to fall asleep without being in Dean's or Cas' lap.
Jody waves him off. "Meh, you'll be living the high life soon enough, and I do count on you to let some of it rub on us too."
It's twenty minutes and three videos later when Castiel appears in his kitchen, nearly making Dean bump his head again. He's going to buy that damn family a couple collars with bells on it, he swears.
"The first one is from two years ago. The last one is from last month," Cas explains, taking the papers that Dean is involuntarily crumbling into his hands away. There is a sob stuck in Dean's throat and he can't quite remember how to breath. Castiel cradles his face, turning him until Dean's red eyes are into his. "Your brother never gave up on you, Dean. You were never truly alone."
She puts a hand on Cas’ cheek, passing a thumb on his cheekbone. The fact that Cas isn’t pushing her away makes something in Dean’s gut twist unpleasantly. He drops his sandwich into his plate, he can’t stomach anything anymore.
I feel kinda sad to say goodbye to this story, but here is the last chapter, as well as the epilogue.
He spends the night searching for a case and is up at four in the morning, knocking on the other two men’s doors.
How much harder will it be to go back to his miserable life now that he got a taste of what life could actually be, he wonders.
"You must be close to your brother then, having cared so much for him as you were growing up," Hannah notes.
Castiel feels a shiver run down his spine when a bird croaks, the sound resounding in the silence of the street. It feels eerie seeing everything so empty. He’s waiting at a red light. He hasn’t seen a single other car and there is no one on the usually busy sidewalk. All the stores are hidden behind metal cages.
"'I was watching the bees'," Hannah says before breaking out laughing. Dean laughs with her. "He saw a bumble bee and just...followed it into the woods until he got turned around." She shakes her head fondly. "He was Claire's age at the time. He's always been a gentle soul," she notes with a small smile.
It suddenly doesn’t feel enough. Cas is craving the warmth of the hunter’s skin against his. He slides his hands under the other man’s t-shirt, passing on Dean’s stomach and up. In the next instant, Dean is pulling Cas’ trench coat and vest off his shoulder. As soon as his arms are free from the sleeves, the angel tries to do the same to Dean’s overshirt. He didn’t undo the few buttons on the front though and Dean’s arms get stuck. The hunter snorts against his mouth as Cas grunts in frustration. He bites the human’s lip and swallows his gasp when they suddenly find themselves naked against one another, clothes zapped away. They both moan in unison at the feeling of warm skin against warm skin.
After what feels like an eternity, the man sighs like he's already regretting whatever decision he just took. "Come on, let's get back to the house, I'm freezing my balls off," he says.
After lunch, the nanny and the kids turn around to go back to the ressort while the rest of the party walks to the winery. Lucifer asks Castiel to walk with him and Dean watches him go with regret. He regrets it even more when Naomi starts walking by his side.
“Listen, when I said that earlier, what I meant was..." he still has no idea how to finish this sentence.
Castiel hesitates for a second. It feels weird just going alone to a stranger’s kitchen and helping himself. He’s on the verge of saying that he’s not thirsty just to avoid it, when Bobby speaks again, his voice sounding less patient.
"Oh, is it because your attire isn't appropriate?" Castiel's mother asks, looking at the holes in Dean's jeans and the big leather jacket that used to be his dad's. "I assure you they won't say a word about it if you're with us," she reassures.
Dean wants to. He wants to explain. He wants to tell him what they call a 'thief' was a kid stealing food to feed his starving little brother. He wants to explain how those fights he got in were because he couldn't let his drunk dad get the shit beaten out of him after mouthing off one too many times. But, would that really change anything? Does having good reasons make him less of a criminal? Make him worthy of sharing bread with the Novaks? Make him worthy of Castiel?
“Well, I’m responsible for you, and you’re a minor. I don’t like to play that card, but I will if it’ll prevent you from making a mistake.”
“Nice to meet you, boys.” Jody smiles. “I’m Sheriff Jody Mills. I used to live in the same town as this old man over there.” She grabs Cas’ shoulders and squeezes them affectionately. “I’m also the caretaker of this handsome fella over here,” she finishes proudly, ruffling his hair as Castiel grimaces and blushes at the remark.
Castiel looks at Jo and Charlie whispering about the little Spongebobs’ painted on Charlie’s nails. They’re both sitting sideways on the armchair, in reverse so they can face each other. After a while, looking at nails seems to become an excuse to play with each other’s hands.
"Holy f-," Dean yells. "I thought you were a virgin!" he says, watching in amazement as his dick disappears between those luscious lips.
Naomi, for her part, is looking as fashionable as ever, if more casual than before, in a huge white pullover and grey leggings. Although he's not sure if it's a pullover or a dress, maybe a tunic? What he's sure of is that it's definitely not simple wool. Probably cachemire or baby rabbit fur or something.
Cas bites his lips, nodding when Dean looks up. The hunter gasps. Is that what an aneurysm feels like? Or a heart attack maybe? His heart is definitely doing something weird.
The sky is a little cloudy, but there is no wind, so they warm up easily by walking. Castiel has been talking to Michael for a while, staying a little behind Dean, Gabriel, and the kids. Anael and Lilith are chatting with Gadreel, Hannah has stayed home for the day again. Lucifer and Naomi are leading the way.
He's never thought he could be so lucky. For the first time, he thinks he has a real chance at happiness. It's lighting up a fire in him that he thought he had lost so long ago. For the first time, he has hope. For the first time, he feels ready to fight for himself and those he loves, he feels that maybe it can all be worth it. Even himself.
“Come on then,” Gabriel said, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I don’t think I can take any more of Cassie’s whining.”
“Too late to back out now,” he said, clapping Lindsey on the shoulder before continuing on toward Adam’s door.
“Good,” Dean said, stepping back and shoving his hands in his pockets. “Don’t let him ruin a good thing.”
Adam was unassuming in his oversized hoodie, shoulders hunched and hands shoved into the pockets of his jeans, no sign of any of his weapons. There was nothing in his words that spoke of threat, but somehow he exuded it none the less. Gadreel nodded and stepped back into the middle of the circle again.
“We should have stayed in Chicago,” Dean said. It would have taken only a few hours to get to Detroit then instead of all night.
Dean ignored them both. He raised a fist and knocked on the door. Adam opened it a moment later, like he’d been expecting them.
The angel-turned-human was tied to a chair, looking very much the worse for wear. A woman loomed over him with an angel blade aimed at Cas’s stomach. She looked at him briefly, her expression twisting with anger, and she plunged the blade into Cas before Dean could reach them. The sound Cas made was halfway between a rasp and a gurgle, a hollow, desperate sound that Dean was fairly certain was going to haunt him for a long time.
Despite the attempt at his usual humour, Adam looked narrow-eyed and tense. Tired in a way Dean had never seen him and thinner than he could probably afford to be. Whatever he was running from, it had done a number on him.
“He won’t come after you,” Sam said, and Dean assumed Tony had stopped short of actually leaving. “I’ll make sure of it.”
“Adam first,” Dean insisted. He needed his team, they were his family, and he and Sam never did well when it was just them. When he left, this him and this Sam would need them too. This Bobby was dead, so they didn’t have anyone who could call them on their shit that they would actually listen to. And the team were alone here, all of them, they needed each other too.
Gadreel looked open and earnest, and more than a little desperate, but Dean couldn’t trust that. It was too easy to let the expression being on Sam’s face influence him. Adam settled in next to Cas as Tony took another turn around Gadreel.
“Come on, kid,” Tony said, clapping a hand on Sam’s shoulder. “Dean’s going to need to focus. He’s got time to do what he needs to, as long as he’s not worrying about anyone else.”
“There,” Tony said pointing at a hunched figure in a hoodie walking down the road, the only one not looking at the explosion. They chased after him as he turned a corner, but by they time they reached it, he was gone without a trace.
“Now if you gentlemen have been entertained enough for the evening, I’ll take my leave before he finds his way back,” Adam said, turning to walk away.
“I actually forgot that angels were worse when they actually want to be in my presence,” sweater man said as they turned a corner. Dean eased out of the room, closing the door quietly behind him and followed the two men as they headed towards the kitchen.
“That’s where Charlie said he’d be,” Dean said quietly as he nodded to the door at the end of the hallway.
“Dean!” Sam said, blocking the way. “I was willing to go along with whatever this was when it was going to answer whatever was going on, but this isn’t going to do that.”
Dean was confident once Lindsey saw what they could be together, he wouldn’t want to leave. They’d all been better together, covering each others’ weaknesses, supporting each others’ strengths.  He just had to get Lindsey to agree, to be open to the possibility.
“He’s not dead,” Dean said with certainty.  Not just because he had faith in Adam’s abilities, but because his death, his permanent death, would have sent shock waves throughout the supernatural world. “For every plan he had to deal with a situation, he had four times as many for how to go to ground if it all went wrong.”
“Wait, technopagans are actually a thing,” Charlie said, looking up, eyes bright. “I’ll have to look into that. But later. After I’ve found your friend. And looked up how to travel alternate realities.”
Kronos rolled his eyes at that and Dean had to agree as much as he hated having anything in common with a demon. There was nothing simple or straightforward about Adam. Everything had double meanings or hidden truths, the only difference was Dean knew Adam was using his powers for good these days, or at least, the good of the team.
He sat up, dropping his feet to the ground when he’d grown used to the light, and looked around the room, trying to work out where he was. The bed he was sitting on was narrow and utilitarian and there was a chest of drawers and chair on one side of the room, a desk on the other, guns mounted on the wall.
They’d all made mistakes. Chosen the wrong path. Hurt people. Killed people. Or caused them to be killed. In the end it was all the same. There had been consequences, serious ones, end of the world level consequences. Gadreel wasn’t really all that different to any of them. And Dean knew just how much angels could be judgemental dicks.
“Cas?” he called softly, not entirely surprised when the angel didn’t respond immediately. Heavenly issues were always complicated and someone was always trying to step into the vacuum left by Raphael. Gabriel had started tricking the angels trying to follow him into traps designed to teach them independence. It was a work in progress.
Sam and Lindsey paused just inside the library and Dean quickened his step to catch up with them. The bunker was supposed to be secure, but Dean didn’t trust anything to work one hundred percent.  He’d been caught short way too many times.
Lindsey rose from where he had been kneeling on the ground, scrawling sigils with chalk, while Charlie carefully placed candles at intervals. Charlie nodded to herself when she was done and Lindsey brushed his hands against his pants as they leaned toward each other, conversing quietly.
They were near Tony’s place now, and from what Dean had been able to research, it was the same as Dean remembered. He just hoped Tony was there and not with Aaron or someone else since this was looking more and more like an alternate version of his reality.
“Gabriel?” Dean said, hopeful that this might be his Gabriel because the one in this universe hadn’t been resurrected.
“Now what?” Gadreel asked, rising to his feet and then holding still as he waited for their verdict.
Dean had known Tony to be self-effacing, to not realise the effect he had on others, but he hadn’t known him to completely lack any confidence, his worth so utterly squandered.
He could feel Sam staring at him at that, but he brushed it off. Sam would always be his brother, but so was his team. They were family and there wasn’t anything Dean wouldn’t do for family. Tony was moving back again, though Dean wasn’t sure if it was away from him or what Dean was telling him.
“Dean,” Sam hissed from where he stood at his shoulder. Dean edged a few steps away from him, splitting Tony’s attention.
“Are you really breaking into the home of a federal agent?” Sam hissed even as he looked around in case of witnesses. Dean eased the door open, Sam following close on his heels, only to stop short at seeing Tony standing in the middle of living room, gun aimed squarely at them. Even in jeans and barefoot he was intimidating.
Dean stopped in front of Tony’s door, debating with himself for a moment before he decided to pick the locks. Tony definitely wasn’t going to be happy but at least Dean would be in the door.
“It could just mean they’re good at hiding their tracks,” Lindsey said. “I spent years doing it for them.”
Lindsey looked like he was going to object, but Adam leant back in his chair and smirked, eyebrow raised in a way that couldn’t have been designed more to piss Lindsey off if Adam knew him as well as they did in his universe. Lindsey glared but followed Tony into the kitchen area.
Gabriel turned then, looking over the rest of them. Taking in the fact that Dean had assembled the team and raising an eyebrow, before his gaze settled on the figure trying not to look like he was hiding behind Adam.
Lindsey moved forward, Gadreel’s vessel following slowly. The man looked around, staring at Sam with curiosity but no undue concern. Whatever else Gadreel had done, he clearly hadn’t mistreated his vessel as some angels did.
“Because we’re as close as family in an alternate universe,” Dean said, not even bothering to lie. Adam wouldn’t believe him if he tried, but the truth might just be strange enough to get him to listen.
“I don’t want to hide any more. I want my name to be remembered for more than one act I was tricked into.”
Dean was happy for the respite from Sam while his brother went to pick up some food. Sam had been nagging him non-stop since they’d picked up Tony and Dean didn’t want to hear it. It might have been years since they worked together, at least for him, but he and Sam never did particularly well when it was just the two of them.
Charlie looked between them all, her gaze suspicious, but her faith in him seemed solid when she simply said, “I’ll let you know as soon as I find something on Adam.”
Abaddon. The knight of hell that had targeted their grandfather, according to Sam, and who had wiped out the Men of Letters. Sam hadn’t said anything about a key, but there had been a lot to catch him up on and plenty of distractions.
Tony didn’t move though and Dean looked at him expectantly. Lindsey looked between them then turned to look over Adam’s record.
Dean narrowed his eyes as he glared at Lindsey, half sure that the man was just messing with him and half sure that he was probably telling the truth anyway. He stuck out his arm. With an impatient roll of his eyes, Gabriel conjured a syringe and handed it to Adam, who worked quickly but efficiently so that Dean barely felt the pinch of the needle.
“I know you don’t know this yet, but I’m terrible at following orders,” Dean told him and held his aim steady as he rooted through Tony’s drawers until he found one with some tools in it and a ball of string. He tossed it to Tony and waited until he’d wrapped it securely around his wrists.
“A good man,” Dean persisted, ignoring Tony’s derisive snort. “A compass to guide the rest of us, a support to lean on, a friend and a Brother.”
Lindsey was turning over a new leaf, he had been working pro bono, trying to do the right thing, but he wasn’t selfless and he wasn’t used to working with a team. And if the Old Ones put him in a corner, he was just as likely to lash out at friends as foes.
Adam stared at him a moment longer, judging him with the weight of millennia of experience with human behaviour. Dean stared back, secure in the knowledge that he was sincere. Finally, Adam leaned back again.
“You know how to deal with them?” Dean asked and the air crackled with power as he activated his sigils. A moment later he drew an angel blade, but with the way angels and demons had been running around this universe for the last few years, Dean wasn’t surprised he’d found a way to lay his hands on one. “All right then.”
“Cas? Cas!” he said, cupping cheeks and hoping for some reaction, but Cas was limp and unresponsive.
Lindsey began chanting, his voice rising and falling in a language Dean only vaguely recognised. He thought he might know a word here or there, probably from some chant Sam or the team had used before.
Dean woke with a jerk, hand spasming around the knife under his pillow. He breathed for several moments, trying to figure out why he felt out of sorts when he didn’t sense anything wrong. The air smelled of the slightly stale air of the bunker and the thin mattress under him had been his for years now. He leaned over and flicked on the bedside light. His room was exactly as he expected it to be.
“Why don’t you start with why you’re hiding?” Tony said, leaning on his crossed arms against the back of the chair. Gadreel looked down at his feet.
“He’s actually better than most of my kidnappers,” Tony said, voice light but his eyes sharp as he watched them. “And some of my bosses.”
Dean wanted to take Cas’s side. Usually he would rely on Cas’s insight with the angels, especially when Cas was clearly against the angel that had taken over his brother, but he also knew that Cas was still hurting over the fact that he was tricked into helping Metatron. Dean wasn’t too sure how objective he could be about this whole situation.
Dean didn’t want to do that, not with an angel who had taken over his brother and hidden who he was, lying to the Dean from his reality. He wasn’t family, not like the others. Dean didn’t owe him anything, especially when he wasn’t the Dean who made the deal, especially when he was riding Sam and Dean knew his brother would never have agreed to that, not after Lucifer. But there was something holding him back.
The soft sound of voices drifted in from the hallway and Dean frowned, trying to make out what they were saying, if maybe Kevin had found something. Finally, he rolled over and sat up. The voices drew nearer and, though he still couldn’t make out the words, he realised they were both unfamiliar.
Dean only had a knife on him. The bunker was supposed to be safe. His team was supposed to be trustworthy. Tony split from the other two, nearing Dean, but staying out of reach. A reasonable strategy with the way Dean was feeling.
Dean used Tony’s brief distraction to get close enough to him to wrestle for the gun, counting on the fact that Tony wouldn’t aim to kill someone that hadn’t proved to be a serious threat. Tony was good, more than good, but he wasn’t hunter good, not in this reality. After some scrambling, Dean was the one who ended up with the gun and he backed up, aiming at Tony even if it made him uncomfortable.
“Yeah, I saw your ticket to Tel Aviv and I can see you’ve already packed your bags. You totally deserve better than that bitch.”
“You’ll be fine,” Dean said, clapping him on the shoulder. Tony was by far one of the most capable civilians Dean had ever encountered. Even if he wasn’t hunter ready, there were few other people Dean would trust at his back.
The others had arranged themselves around the table as they waited. Gadreel stood at Adam’s shoulder, slightly behind the man, where he’d been pretty much since they’d let him go. Dean had taken to referring to him as Adam’s duckling, but privately he was relieved that the angel had taken to Adam. If there was anyone who could show him how to embrace humanity, it was someone who’d lived among them for thousands of years and still found something worthwhile in them. No matter how much Adam might pretend at apathy.
“Tessa?” Dean rose from his seat, not sure what to expect. The reaper stood at the end of the table, looking exactly the same as the last time Dean had seen her. Sam wandered back into the room without Tony.
“Have the angels been messing with your head again?” Sam asked with an incredulous laugh, eyebrows raised. Dean scrubbed a hand down his face and sighed. Tony was still recovering from being tortured by demons and, according to Crowley, Lucifer had escaped. He didn’t have time for this.
Cas looked between the two, clearly torn. Dean stared a moment longer, before he stepped back, dropping his stance. Beside him, Cas relaxed too.
A knock at the door interrupted them and Dean was sure it was Lindsey. Sam wouldn’t have bothered. Dean pulled open the door before Lindsey could change his mind. It had taken a fair bit of convincing and the promise of information before Lindsey would even agree to meet with him. Lindsey stepped into the hotel room, gaze sweeping the room, but he didn’t do more than raise an eyebrow at Tony’s state.
The moment they entered the door the demons had been guarding, Dean felt the charge of some seriously powerful wards. He looked at Sam, who nodded that he’d felt them to, but Lindsey had stopped with his head cocked to one side. Tony watched them all, not sensing what they did, not yet, but with some experience he would.
“You two leave and I’m willing to forget all about this,” Tony told them, shifting further back to keep them both in sight. “Getting blood out of the carpets is a pain in the ass.”
Dean grinned. He’d known Tony was going to come around. The man never could resist a good mystery. That would be enough to bring him in. The solidarity and support that the team provided would be enough to keep him. Now they just needed Adam.
“Finishing up a case, nothing major, just a skinwalker. Crashed when I got home late from the office.”
Lindsey was already looking through the bookcases, the beginnings of a small stack in his hands. Dean left him to it. He knew better than to get between Lindsey and new knowledge. The guy could be such a nerd sometimes.
As Gadreel spoke, Dean watched as Adam sidled up to Lindsey and began talking lowly in his ear. Lindsey’s frown deepened in annoyance but, the longer Adam spoke, the more he seemed to relax, until he was finally smirking and nodding along.
“Of course you...” Dean began then cut himself off. He sat up straighter, staring at Adam. If Adam had known about this place for decades, then his Adam must have known about it too. Why had he never said anything? “So you’ve known about this place since then. Why haven’t you come here before now?”
Adam could be as cynical as Lindsey, he was just better at hiding it behind his persona. Of course he would suspect a stranger who knew his secrets of having an ulterior motive.
“About ready to rip open another portal,” the other voice said. “McDonald is talking some sense into him.”
Tony tensed when Dean grabbed his arm and pressed the gun into his side. He gave him a bit of a push and Tony started walking.
Dean didn’t waste any time once they got to the address Tessa had given them. He aimed just next to the apartment’s door handle and gave a hard kick. The wood splintered and the door fell open and Dean rushed through, Sam and Lindsey on his heels.
He grabbed one of the guns off the wall and slid home an ammo clip, then took the knife from under his pillow, slid it into the sheath on the bedside cupboard and shoved it into the waist of his pyjamas. With silent footsteps he crossed the room and pressed himself to the door, listening carefully.
Lindsey’s leads had sent them to a warehouse in Chicago. It was a little run down and there was barely anyone out on the streets. Hookers and junkies, was Dean’s guess from the few people he saw. No one who would take note of one more person among their number. Something moved in the shadows and Dean stopped, holding himself against the wall of the alley across the street from the warehouse. Lindsey and Sam stopped too, clearly sensing the same thing, and Tony because he was following their lead in this. Tony had tagged along to give Dean a chance to prove his story and to make sure nothing untoward happened and Lindsey said he was there to keep Dean alive until he’d met the terms of his agreement. Dean figured he was mostly curious and looking for a bit of extra dirt to use.
“Can I help you gentlemen?” he asked, voice hard and eyes cold. Dean had seen him a lot of things – angry, frustrated, scared, lost – but never empty like this, never brittle.
“Then you should know the answer.” Adam’s stance shifted as he took another step back and Dean gestured to the others to be ready, recognising immediately that Adam was planning something.
Anyone who knew anything about the supernatural knew that the Men of Letters had amassed knowledge, secrets and artefacts the likes of which had seldom seen collected in one place before. If someone was looking for something on Old Ones, weaknesses or extortion, it was the likeliest place to find it.
“They’ve been good for you,” Sam said with a deep frown, releasing him slowly but keeping his hands on Dean’s shoulders.
Dean stepped into the library where Charlie had set up the ritual. Between them, she and Lindsey had come up with something that they thought would work. Adam hadn’t thrown any old tomes at them condemning them as ignorant mortals, so Dean figured they weren’t going to tear this universe apart in the process.
“This name,” Lindsey said. “I remember hearing something about this. I think demons have been hunting him down.”
“No, get the others out of here.” They looked at each other for a moment, but there was no reality where Dean sacrificed any of his team. “I’ve got this.”
“You will need to be ready, Castiel,” he said and the angel nodded. Gadreel turned to his vessel and looked at him solemnly. “Do you accept?”
“If we leave now, we can be there first thing in the morning,” Lindsey added, coming to stand at Dean’s side.
Sam hesitated a moment, awkward and unsure about how to deal with Tony, before he sat down on the bed next to him. With clear reluctance he patted Tony’s shoulder.
“He’s not going to be easy to find,” Dean told her, heading over the where he’d put the file he’d gathered on Adam.
“How much healing does he still need?” Adam asked. When Dean glanced at him, Cas was no longer at his side.
Something changed in the room, a shift in the air, a sound too soft for him to hear, and the hair on the back of his neck stood up.
“Of course not, brother,” Gabriel said, wrapping an arm around his shoulders and pulling him close. “I’m unabashedly encouraging them.”
Sam walks in with a beat up suitcase and a brown paper bag with their favorite bagel sandwiches from Chicago Bagel Authority. He squeezes them both in hugs that last way too long and gets his coffee mug out of the cabinet to join them.
"You have a gym?" Dean asks, not knowing what else to say. This conversation is sitting very weird in his stomach.
Dean's seen this before, obviously. Like the night Dean woke up alone. Or the morning before their wedding. Or the week before a big exam or work presentation. Castiel has always been the one to think ahead, to plan. It's easy to be regarded as one of his talents— he is organized and careful. It is harder to remember that it can be one of Castiel's flaws.
Cas could tell Dean was getting uncomfortable with his stare, so he returned his eyes to the road too. Suddenly it seemed like maybe this whole conversation could happen, right there, right then.
Cas starts with a shock that quickly eases into concern and a little brow quirk of fury. Claire has become important to Cas, and now he will get worked up at any instance of her trouble.
Claire pauses, then finally nods her head a little, "Just some stupid girls at that thing I go to at the library."
Dean's heart squeezes. It sounds like she can barely believe it like it's not something she ever would have expected.
Dean slowly crawls towards Cas, reaching out to rest a hand warm on his shoulder. Cas leans into the touch. Dean works Cas' shoulders up so his head comes free of the space between his knees.
He prefers spell work anyways, but since life has become more modernized, it really is unnecessary. Everyone wants a general spell bagged for sale.
He doesn't really leave the house much. He goes grocery shopping at the Jewel, but he finds himself eating meals out when he's on his way home or into the office. It's easy to stop for a coffee and bagel or a sandwich when he doesn't have anyone to cook for. Dean goes on a run once, but he isn't feeling much like exercise, and the coolest it has gotten in Chicago in June is around 67 degrees.
Something about that snapped a final string in Dean, and he felt himself let a tear slide down his face.
Cas rests a hand on his shoulder, "Dean, that's... That's just petty theft. That shouldn't be enough to prevent any and all adoption."
Eventually he gets his other hand down by Cas' hole, teasing gently over the pucker. He moves up his perineum and presses a little with his fingertips.
Cas hoists Dean by his hips so his chest is in the bed, watches him carefully to be sure this is ok, and then starts to tie Dean's hands to his ankles.
Cas sucks in air when Dean squeezes his hand a little, sensing Castiel’s nerves and reaching out for Castiel’s magic invitingly. Dean is opening up for Castiel to slip and slide right into that link that they have already begun to create without contact.
Dean can't watch, so he shifts his face into Cas' neck and kisses at it gently, "What's wrong?" He whispers into his skin.
Dean isn't often forced to put his feelings out there clearly with words. He's never been much of a sharer when it comes to his emotions. He was lucky when he was growing up that Sam could figure out through his body language, and even luckier when Castiel came along like the most accurate Dean Winchester codex ever made.
One night, after the kids are in their rooms, after he’s brushed his teeth and he’s waiting for Cas in bed, he realizes that he’s finally figured something out.
It's like they just noticed that they're finally together again. They've been together for over 48 hours, but they've just now realized they're breathing the same air again in this moment: at 3 am, Cas teary-eyed and Dean still raw & feverish. It is undeniable to the both of them that even at what seems to be a tough spot, there is genuine earth-shifting, time-bending movement when they are focused in on each other. Things don't matter because Dean will do anything to make certain that Castiel is safe and happy. Things matter more than they ever have before because there isn't anything Castiel wouldn't do to make certain Dean feels the same.
Cas was shaking his head now, "No, Dean, I want to know everything about you. I do not know what has happened to you, but these events are no sob story— they are simply what has occurred in your life."
He is truly something to behold, tan against the white pillow. Lips spit slicked and eyes glittering and wide. His lashes are long as he blinks up at Castiel, waiting for his next instruction like there is nowhere he'd rather be.
Dean takes a long drink of whatever it is Castiel has put in the glass. It’s sweet and tart, like a lemonade but a little bit richer.
How? How could Castiel love him? Especially with all the shit that had gone down in the last year. Dean was still trying to forgive himself for the crap that he did, it was ridiculous that Cas wasn’t even phased. And all that crap about Dean being deserving?
“I intend to make all of these things clear to you someday, Dean. But for now, allow me to leave you with this,” Castiel turned his body so he was physically facing Dean.
Dean will later learn that Claire has had bad experiences with the men in her life. Her father wasn't nice, much like John. He had gotten custody over the two of them when her parents had gotten divorced even though Claire had begged her mother to let them stay. Now, with their father recently passed of a heart attack, their mother couldn't be found—like she had disappeared. Changed her number, moved. They'd been staying with cousins in a house too small until they couldn't put off school any longer. Claire had gotten in trouble with the cops when she had been pulled over while trying to drive Jack to elementary school in her dead father's old Camry.
Dean can't help but feel very, very lucky as he observes Castiel's strong back, thick thighs and pert ass. Cas is lucky that Jimmy was so fucking hot.
Cas is in his space, a breath away. His hands gently tug from Dean's and reach up around Dean's neck, feeling for the clasp of the leather string that holds the amulet. Cas digs a nail into the metal bit and takes it off from Dean's neck.
“I suppose it’s technically limeade. I’ve made it with my own moon-honey and limes. There is some sage boiled into the water as well. I would say I made it because of the positive impact on one’s health… except for that it is simply just one of my favorite things to drink,” Cas explains.
“Thanks,” She says, her face squished, “You seriously didn’t have to do that. It could have been a flip phone.”
"Plus, I'm trying to keep off all of the weight I'm probably gaining from eating out all the time. I miss it when you cook," Cas is paying attention now, having closed his computer.
"That's not the point of the trip, Dean," Cas reminds him, trying to decide between two equally boring pinstripe button-ups.
Cas toes off his shoes next to Dean's running shoes and sets his bags down, breathing deep to smell the way home smells. He smiles to himself out of habit. He
The thought is a preserving one, but it still makes Cas' chest hurt because he thinks it's reasonable.
Cas had produced a number of critter safety spells a while back that made the garden within the walls bumble with creatures. Frogs and bees and moths flittered and hopped throughout the plants Castiel kept. He had long ago given up keeping things too organized, his nerves wouldn’t allow for it. If he tried to grow things in neat beds, they would just spill out into more organic space.
Now that his team is down three people, he's hauling ass to meet deadlines. He knows he should probably remind Zach or someone that his team is significantly smaller now, but he becomes determined to do it himself.
Cas threaded his fingers through Dean's hair and said softly, "That is ok Dean. Especially because you cared about him. It is understandable that you would be afraid because he often responded with abuse."
Cas returned to his chore of looking over all the information he had been collecting. Since the apocalypse, Cas had begun working to sort through who of his brothers and sisters in heaven was left, and who was affiliated in alliance with who. The information made him feel as though he was still connecting with heaven, and had come in handy when a few hunter contacts of the Winchesters had a run-in with an angel.
Plus, Castiel had learned, albeit slowly, about Dean and Sam's childhood. The reason which Dean had been forced to get a GED instead of completing his time at high-school with Sam. Cas still doesn’t know everything about John’s parenting methods, but Dean often thinks it’s better this way. Castiel admitted to quietly hating John Winchester for making Dean grow up quicker than he should have, but he also explained his awareness that the situation John left Dean in has resulted in Castiel and Dean meeting.
Cas trembles against Dean for a few more minutes. He's breathing steadily, but these things tend to last at least ten minutes, if not a half hour.
Castiel wonders if Dean has ever gotten like this before. Perhaps Sam would be aware of what Castiel could do to help Dean get back on his feet.
“That’s okay! It will be nice to road trip a little bit. I miss America, particularly the northwest,” Balthazar assures him.
He wipes at the come on Dean’s stomach, getting him mostly clean so he can rest Dean face down on the bed. Cas reaches for the baby wipes in their side table, cleaning the mess of his hands and himself. He cleans up Dean’s backside, swiping away come and lube and spit. Dean twitches, sensitive as Cas cleans some off his balls.
They're both naked from the night before, so it takes one simple scoot down for Dean to get both their hot cocks pressed together. Dean reaches between the pillow and the wall, where he knows Cas likes to stash the lube and hits gold.
When Dean finally pulls off, he moves a hand out from behind him, which Cas realizes he was prepping himself with.
Today feels better. Maybe Cas won't want to leave him when he finds out. Maybe they can make this work. Maybe they could get a divorce and Cas could get custody and Dean could live with them. Maybe Dean and Cas could be friends. Maybe something could work.
Full belly laughter, with tears welling, and the laugh lines next to his eyes scrunching in time with his nose. Sam laughed like he hadn’t laughed in years.
Castiel settled into bed again to meditate and wondered, not for the first time if Dean truly felt the way Cas did about their relationship.
Cas takes a drink from his own blown glass, the pink of his tongue coming out to lick after the acidity of the beverage off his lips.
"We're letting most of your team go. And since you're the manager, I'm gonna have you sit them down and let them know."
Castiel apparently thinks that's good enough, and pulls his hand back to smack Dean's ass again, this time with a little more heft, and it stings a little.
There's an email from yet another adoption agency, probably to tell him the same shit. There's a gas bill, a reminder to renew his subscription to the New York Times, and an email from Zachariah with a bunch of openings at positions he is suggesting Dean for.
“Seriously,” Sam continued, looking certain, “the two of you stay thinking you need to pay for the things you have done, but you already have. Don’t you think the grief and shit we’ve been through is punishment enough?”
A few more punches of Cas' cock to Dean's prostate has him coming in between their stomachs. Cas' hand in countermotion with the thrusts is what prolongs the orgasm into mind-blanking.
Dean can tell Cas is really upset. He almost never falters when they speak. The thought of Cas so upset makes his heart hurt and he has to sit down on their bed to process.
"After you'd made that clear, we made it as far as the couch to get the lube. Glad we keep stashed. I got you on your stomach with your perfect ass on display for me. Got you all opened up wet and warm with lube. Had you fucking back on my fingers and forward into the couch cushions, god, I'm pretty sure we ruined that cushion with lube."
They head to bed not soon after. Sam was exhausted from a day of emotional conversation, and Dean was unwilling to spend any length of time alone with Cas. The wound was still too fresh.
Castiel winces. He is sure the laugh was good-natured, but it still hurts to hear it at his expense.
Dean gives him a smile, then elbows him in the ribs, “You’re still acting like a girl though, Sammy.”
He doesn't know how to talk to Cas without feeling like he's hiding shit from him. Dean thinks that Cas will know immediately when he sees his face. Cas will be able to tell that Dean's an idiot— that he's fucked things up.
Cas had to mull over those words. This was a rare opportunity where Dean has decided to present some vulnerability, even in the simplest way. Dean’s wishes for Sam, the knowledge that he was aware of how Sam was feeling, wasn't something he would speak about with just anyone.
At the same time, Dean is unwell. His eyes are dark, and his lips chapped. Is he thinner? Cas can feel how Dean is small under his thick clothes, his collarbone visible from the loose hoodie and his waist tiny where Cas is pressed to him. Dean has always been slim, but this seems like it is more than usual. Cas can't really tell under the clothes though.
Dean realizes now that maybe he's been trying to take control too much. But Dean can't help it— Dean's always in control. He's Dean Winchester, the monster-hunting, world-saving big brother.
His dick softens a bit at the realization that he is pretty heavy, and that Cas is having to work to keep him propped up.
Cas wonders whether this contributed to Dean ending up sick. It hurts his heart to imagine Dean so panicked about what Cas would think that he ended up physically ill.
Dean’s lips quirk as Cas eagerly picks up the terrible arm moving rhythm again, tugging Dean's arms to keep going.
Cas knows Dean is on an odd edge of behaving and falling apart. Castiel wants to walk it like this—to take Dean apart until he cannot figure out if his tears are from pleasure or uncertainty. Then, when Dean is flying on endorphins, Cas will ease him back down with gentle words and touches.
Dean's brow softened, and Cas repeated a similar sentiment when Sam was in earshot to try to get him to relax a little more.
“But that's just how it is, Sammy. That's just the shitty hand we were dealt, and we’ve made the best we could out of it,” Dean said earnestly.
Cas is looking at Dean's computer, turning it on for the first time in a while, "You've got emails. I can see the notifications," Cas' eyes widen as he continues to look at the subjects, "Dean! You've got to come look at these."
Cas lips tug into a bit of a smile, rocking back and forth with Dean. Dean can't help but let his lips upturn with the ridiculousness of the motion. Castiel does not know how to dance.
Again, the rule is, Dean kneels on soft things if he wants to be on the ground. Too many injuries from his past and his already weak knee joints make Castiel worry. After the time Dean shattered his kneecap in that car accident when they were younger... Castiel avoids having his husband's knees on the hard ground.
Dean gets home from his Sunday afternoon run and decides to go to their room and do some sit-ups before he hits the shower. His run was actually pretty short— he's feeling pretty shitty. It was hard to get out of bed, but he reminded himself he was gonna need to be perfect if Cas was going to decide to stay.
Dean registered that, yes, Castiel was still there, sitting at the war table and reading a book as if he couldn’t be winded by one fight.
For Cas, the hardest part of being away from his family was the recognition that he wasn't of service to mankind like he had once believed he was. And he wasn't like Gabriel or Balthazar, he couldn't just forget that he had once been a vessel for good. It was shockingly freeing when he first tried to take some of Sam's pain. The way the cloud swarmed to him instead, the way the color returned to Sam's cheeks. The way the hurt tangled Castiel's chest and made his head pound. It was a sick rush that felt almost like touching a human soul, in a sick, twisted way.
Cas crooks his finger up, trying to find Dean's prostate but he misses it by a little. Dean presses back against him.
Dean supposes that if he let himself show a bit more vulnerability, if he just asked Castiel or fingered himself open one day and just kneeled on the floor, Cas would give him what he wanted without a second thought.
Cas just stares at Dean for a little while, like maybe he can tell Dean exactly how fucked he feels with just a look.
Dean walks slowly back to the couch in their back room, where the windows are open to the sticky air outside. He slowly eases himself onto the couch, well aware of how exhausted he feels.
“I will be the first to thank you for being willing to take on suffering. I wouldn't be here if you hadn't, but if you're purposely taking on pain for yourself still? Especially when it’s unnecessary? That’s a little fucked up, dude. Not to mention, what would Dean say if he found out?” Sam looked worried.
When Sam had found out why Cas was missing in action (well, partially why. Dean wasn’t about to confess his undying love for a celestial being to his kid brother), he hadn't been particularly happy with Dean. Sam informed him the next day that he had spoken to Cas on the phone, and that Cas was well. Apparently, he had decided to pay Claire a visit and had been roped into spending time with all of the girls and Jody as well. Dean could tell Sam was angry because he only saved that particular bitchface for when Dean had really fucked up.
They got all of the crystals in Castiel’s garden to nestle nicely in a bed of moss near to one of his birdbaths. They swept the overgrown mint into submission, collecting it all into one flowerbed and watching while little treefrogs scattered to search for other cover.
Dean had let Cas become committed to him without giving him any warning of all the baggage Dean brought with him. Dean should have been honest.
Dean lazily pumps his hips against Cas' stomach, and Cas quickly puts some more lube both between them and all over Dean's ass. It appears there will be a shower following their morning in bed.
Cas heads downstairs to grab the food from the front porch. It's fried rice and soup dumplings. Hopefully, Dean will perk up at the idea of one of his favorites. Cas retrieves some extra plates from the cupboard above the fridge, laying out their food and grabbing another glass of water from the Brita to replace the one that Dean is supposed to be finishing.
It's later in the bathtub, when Cas is rubbing his shoulders and helping him come down, that Dean questions the distance again.
Upon hearing voices, Dean had finally left his room and was making his way into the War Room, “Sammy?”
By the time he's caught a northbound train, he's exhausted. He's achy from trying to run yesterday after not being in the habit for a long time and he just wants to collapse into bed.
“And I know for sure I should have listened. I did promise you that, and I shouldn’t have left it like that,” Dean finished, making sure to never look at Cas.
Dean sets his own unruly hormones aside. He wanders to the edge of the woods, now fully intent on figuring out what’s wrong. He shifts his backpack off his shoulders, shifts into his bear, and grabs for one of the straps with his mouth. The undergrowth is soft on his paws, the pine needles smelling stronger now that he is so close to the earth. He follows the strength of the magic, trudging into the woods towards where he can hear the stream rushing.
“Then it’s settled! I will see you on Thursday at 3:00. I can get your address from Naomi instead, I didn’t even think of that until now. I’ll bring some of those craft beers that you liked last time,” Balthazar says hurriedly like he knows Cas is uncertain.
Dean grabs the pillow hear his face, raising his hips up so they press against Cas in his haste to get down to the floor.
In fact, Dean is making this very clear from above, little quiet hitches of breaths trailing into hums and groans when Cas nips.
Cas sucks in a deep breath, "Do not be confused, Dean, of course I liked it. I like everything with you. Too much."
Dean lets his eyes become vulnerable. He can feel the bit of hurt that clouds his lust for a moment. This is the last time for a while.
The new angle has Cas' dick ramming up against his prostate on each thrust and gives Cas enough room to put his fingers on Dean's nipples. Cas bends down and captures Dean's mouth in a wet kiss.
Whether he is comfortable with it or not, Dean knows this is the kind of love he’s been feeling—the one that Castiel had coined for him, had explained.
Cas continues when Dean is quiet, "I just care a lot about you. Being away from you is so hard. I want to hold you, to be in the same room and the same time zone as you are."
Now Claire just hugs him. She tucks herself into his chest where his arm was already anchored on her shoulder.
“It’s the same fucking thing! You should have fucking asked, you should have told me!” Dean was getting more pissed by the moment and Cas was watching as he closed in on himself.
Inside there are four sheets of paper folded together, each looking almost identical and absolutely covered in words and dates and numbers.
The bite, combined with Cas’ rough thrusts vault Dean closer, but Cas’ demanding hand on his dick is what has Dean shaking and spraying between them. Cas jerks him through it, thumbing at the head and sucking on Dean’s neck. Dean has his lip between his teeth as he chokes out moans.
Castiel could feel Dean’s eyes on him as Sam spoke and knew that Dean was connecting dots in Sam’s words too. Castiel knew he should meet Dean’s gaze, turn his eyes kind and reassure Dean that they are alright. Selfishly, Cas kept his stare fixed on Sam as he spoke.
For some reason, the combination of Dean’s words, his steady grip, the welcoming warmth of his energy and those little freckles on the bridge of Dean’s nose have Castiel trusting him enough to let his magic swim forward a little into Dean’s embrace.
“Dean,” Cas smiles sadly, leaning forward and shaking his head. He starts to pull his ankles away from Dean’s grasp.
John’s poor magical abilities were likely a launching pad for his later distaste for magic. John became more and more convinced that those with magic abilities were at an unfair advantage, becoming an activist for humanities. Dean never quite had anything against simple humans, but he did wonder how his father could feel that way when he had obviously been actively channeling magic with Mary for decades.
Dean gets his fingers onto Cas' nipples, thumbing them. Once they have peaked, he lets himself pinch gently. Cas moans and his cock twitches against Dean's stomach.
At this, Cas takes Dean's wrists in hand with a commanding, but gentle grip and flips the both of them over. Cas lifts his hips as far from Dean as he can while still using most of his weight to press Dean down.
Joey takes a swig of his beer and shakes his head, “That's the thing, it's a damn miracle she's in there smiling. Anna has been depressed since she was in middle school.”
Dean makes a noise of discontentment and Cas frowns. They need to do something about how hot Dean is getting.
Cas is gasping in air and letting out soft groans, his breath hitching as his body tries to jerk through the height of pleasure. Dean likes to see Cas out of control like this. He likes how Cas doesn't try to hide, but crumbles and lets Dean see.
Dean frowns, “Isn’t some of this stuff genetic though? Like I know I’m sarcastic like my dad. Probably depressed like my dad. Why wouldn’t some of his parenting techniques get ‘copy pasted’ too?”
Cas' response is immediate, "Because I do too, Dean. Everyone gets things a little mixed around sometimes, some people more than others— it's not who you are, it's a chemical imbalance."
Dean's shrug is the only invitation Cas needs to lean in and mouth his words so close to Dean's neck that he can see gooseflesh rise.
Dean glances over a couple times to look at him, but it's like his stare is too strong— Dean can't hold it. He looks back at the ceiling after a moment.
That shuts Dean up for a moment. It starts to feel like the room is too hot— like there isn't enough air for him to breathe. He's trembling.
Their conversation will not leave Dean's head for some reason. He doesn't want to think about everything that his brain is trying to convince him is layered in Cas' words, but he does anyways.
“In fact, of almost anyone I know, you and Dean both are deserving of more good in your lives. It’s a shame the two of you can’t see that.”
Castiel laughs a little incredulously, looking into Dean's eyes. Dean knows they are both rough on the edges. Dean leans forward, cupping Castiel's chin and kisses him.
He settles on a can of creamy vegetable soup that they have in the pantry. He heats it absentmindedly on the stove and sips at a glass of bourbon at while he waits.
"Anyways, I had some guy over in my motel, I dunno why I thought it was a good idea, I had shot dad a text with my motel number so he could find me when he got back to Iowa," Dean shook his head, remembering.
"Dean," Cas breathes, his hands petting against his hips still. Cas allows one hand to reach down to his own balls, and Dean gives the movement an affirming nod. He watches as Cas touches himself without embarrassment, rolling his balls with one hand
Dean shifts human as he trudges out to the Impala, loathing the feeling of being on two feet instead of four after a wonderful day of being in bear form.
His therapist though (bless her heart), keeps asking distracting questions about Cas, then in turn Sam, and then finally about John. Dean feels like she should have a fairly good grip on things now— he can't figure out why she hasn't picked up on the fact that he does not want to talk about John Winchester in any capacity.
Cas tosses the free blanket over Dean, insinuating that it is alright for Dean to come closer, if he wants. Dean takes the invitation. He's too tired to try to figure out how he's feeling on his own. It's hard to argue when Dean isn't sure what he's arguing against.
"I need you to understand this. I'm not going to stop you from arguing with me, but know that in my head, we are fine. Everything you have told me is not anything
Cas flinches as it rings again, his breathing quickening as he started to panic. If he doesn’t pick up, he might never know who it was, he might let someone down. If he doesn’t pick up, he’d be on edge all day.
when Cas looks at him with so much pity— and it wasn't even his brightest moment either. Dean still feels like a fucking idiot for the way it happened all those years ago.
They end up curled on the floor for a long time, breathing together. Cas tucks his face into Dean's chest as the anxiety recedes and listens to where his heart beats steadily. Cas has mentioned a few times that the rhythm helps.
They sit across from each other during breakfast. Cas drinks their coffee out of his bee mug, enjoying the flavor of the local coffeehouse beans he had missed so much while he was abroad.
Dean is crazy invested all day. He works quick and smart. He catches errors he was struggling to find in minutes and bangs out a whole three-day project in a couple of hours. He shoots out some emails to potential connections that he's been thinking about— and actually receives an interested response!
Dean’s eyes must have been peeled wide because Joey pursed his lips and gestured back at the doorway to the kitchen, where Annabell was currently laughing at something on her phone while she waited for the oven to heat up.
But when Cas had peered up at Dean to let him see the awe in his own eyes, praise on his lips, Dean's eyes had been shut tight. Cas realized right away that the trembling wasn't the good kind. For whatever reason, Dean was
But Cas brings it up again mid-makeout when Dean has gotten distracted from Cas' lips in favor of nibbling his neck.
Dean gets close to the edge quicker than he usually would with just his hand. It’s been a while since he's felt like jacking off, and it feels weird to do it again without Cas around. They had been in a pretty regular routine of sex and handjobs.
Dean should be aware that Sam is right. Dean hadn’t been listening, even when Cas had carefully warned him too. And Cas truly knew Dean better than anyone, just like Eileen knew Sam.
An impressive portfolio of experience, a good GPA, a letter from Zachariah, and a polished resume, and Dean could probably swing a job anywhere if he tried.
Dean wonders why he never notices when he starts to spiral— why it all seems so obvious and truthful and clear one moment, and then shockingly unfair to himself seconds later.
Dean's lips were parted in surprise and wonder, and Castiel had to shake his head and blink to get his own attention away from that part of Dean's body.
“Fuck, Dean, I am not going to last long,” Cas admits into Dean’s neck, licking at his jaw. He eases his hips back.
Cas considers, "On the bed on your sto..." His words falter as he sees the disappointment in Dean's eyes.
Dean thinks maybe his inability to ask for it is part of it— he wants Cas to haul him into bed and tie his hands too tight and fuck Dean a little dry and maybe smack him when he's about to orgasm.
"Dean," Cas interrupted, "I only want you to tell me what you feel like talking about. I just need to know what boundaries I crossed and if there are others so what happened last night does not happen again."
He takes a deep breath, "After you left. I had trouble... it was hard to be alone. It's been a long time since I've lived by myself. Hell, I've never lived alone. As soon as Sammy moved out, you moved in."
Dean loves to close his eyes and feel all the energies around him, swirling and leaping, colorful until he opens his eyes. He loves to reach for them and grasp on tight, feeling the intent all around him and guiding it along its path or stopping it up. Dean has always had a natural knack for being a keeper of intent. He spent much of his young education in a familiar guild after his parents discovered that he was orienting intention in his favor at preschool. Dean had ended up hogging the dump trucks without another student ever getting as far as thinking about asking for a turn. It was then that people began to recognize what a powerful familiar Dean was.
Dean decides to be brave, partly because he isn't a little bitch, and partly because he's too in love with Cas to do anything else.
Dean begrudgingly drinks another glass of water. He turns his nose up at any of the food Cas suggests he orders.
He eyes Dean this close. He feels him. Dean is freckled and warm, sweet and golden. His hair is blonder than it had been. He is soft in Cas's arms.
The instructions are specific. Castiel knows that Dean does well with specific requests when he is struggling. Castiel does well with giving specific instructions. They make him feel like he’s got control.
"Oh yeah. It’s nothing important, I just—" He sighs, his hand going to palm against the back of his neck, "I had a rough day at work."
Cas shakes his head, still trying to breathe. Dean already knows why, really. Dean's been so worried about whether Cas wanted this, whether Cas would stay that he's essentially shut down Cas' place to talk this stuff through with Dean. That's what usually helps, going through the steps with someone else.
He peels his eyes open, and it's Cas. His angel has gotten out the bright green bottle of aloe vera that they keep next to the bed. He's gently rubbing onto Dean.
Castiel knows that Dean is sick, has been feeling unwell recently, but it's tough to see how it's physically affecting his husband. Especially because he's memorized Dean in their bed so many times, when he is bright and muscular and healthy.
"I've got food," Cas announces, going around the bed to sit gingerly on his own side, "You're welcome to some if you're feeling up to it."
Dean jerks himself tight and fast, thumbing his slit occasionally on an upstroke. Within a minute he can feel himself rushing towards— oh that's it— so close—
And they stand there, no amulet between them. No God-finding, Sammy-given bit of uncertainty. Just Castiel and Dean, human and so fucking torn up after months of living like this.
And then, like anything in Castiel’s rollercoaster of an existence, the perfect opportunity took him by surprise.
"Yeah, like that. God, your beautiful. Look good on camera, I’ll bet you look good all spread out for me. Always so fucking hot," Cas moans, obviously jacking himself again too.
Cas looked away, well aware that whatever Sam was going to say would likely be a reprimand for invading Dean’s personal thoughts.
Because right now, Dean is a mess. He's sick, his nose runny and his chest aching. His eyes are shot with crying and his body weak and sweaty. He would probably be starving if he wasn't feeling so disgusting and nauseous. He hasn't changed his clothes in a few days. He knows the fridge is empty and the kitchen is a mess. Their room is a mess, littered with tissues and empty cups.
Dean is overwhelmed with the ability to see the situation for what it is. Dean has been getting bad again, getting confused and self-deprecating and started to hide himself away. Dean knows he used to tend to do this, but ever since Cas, it's seemed so much easier to just be open and honest.
Cas will make him coffee, and Dean will request they shower together and use Cas' body wash. Dean probably won't feel like cooking today, so Cas will get them both bowls of cereal. They'll spend the day curled around each other on the couch. Cas will check in with Dean. Dean will grumble and turn pink. Dean will check in with Cas. Sam'll show up for dinner and try to get Dean to eat
Cas hums his approval and lifts Dean from the wall, hands under his ass. He walks them the short distance to the bed, post orgasm clarity making him think of all the things he needs to get to take care of Dean.
It hits Dean that Cas is really leaving as Castiel begins to pack. He's got their two big suitcases, which doesn't seem like enough to Dean, but Cas refuses to take any more. Cas claims the clothing options are better in Italy anyways. He’s meticulous about what he’s taking, planning the exact number of times he’ll need to do laundry and the specific outfits he’ll need for different types of meetings.
"I do too," Dean agrees quietly, looking away. His face is betraying him by showing how vulnerable their distance has made him.
Then, Castiel supposed he experienced anger. How could Dean feel this way and simply choose not to inform Cas? For how long had Dean sat there and stewed in this pain, this self-loathing without informing Castiel when Castiel was sitting right there. Did Dean’s heart clench painfully whenever Cas entered a room? Did Dean’s words catch in his throat all of the times that he pretended it wasn’t a big deal for him to be putting Castiel in danger? Who was Dean to pretend like this didn’t affect him when the things he was feeling were so important for Castiel to know?
Cas nods, "I have noticed that. I was thinking, maybe, if we were to... sort of take some of those decisions away. Not completely, just make it so I'm calling the shots and you can't take control unless you really need to."
Dean glances at him, and then copies Cas' movements, carefully pulling his shirt away. He hides behind the fabric, moving to go stick it in the hamper.
Sam rolls his eyes, knocking into Dean with his shoulder, “I don’t really believe that, dude. Cas said you had a bad time while he was in Italy.”
But Dean is trembling. In the almost 70º weather, with three quilts, Dean is quivering under the blankets. And, he looks unwell. His face is thinner, skin pale. He's curled so his knees bump against his chest and he's shivering in his sleep on the couch.
Dean already has some agencies bookmarked and has gone through the ins and outs of how to start the adoption process. He knows they'll need to go through a lot of time-consuming paperwork. He hopes that if he gets the ball rolling while Cas is in Italy that they'll be closer than ever when Cas finally gets home.
Dean got off a month later with a $6000 fine and a criminal record. He went home to find them broke. His job, of course, was gone after he didn't show up.
Cas had simply smiled, "As long as that doesn't interfere with the fact that I would like to be your roommate too."
Warmth radiates from Dean in a way that's a little fever fueled, but Cas soaks it up like it's heaven. Dean smells like home, all sweat and clove soap and the basil of their Mrs. Meyer's disinfectant spray. Cas thinks, not unkindly, that he should get Dean into the shower. His breath fans across Cas' face and tangs vaguely of morning breath and cough syrup. Cas reminds himself that this smell is a sign of his ability to take care of Dean, however small the act of getting medicine in him may be.
Dean looks towards Cas and meets his gaze— something in Castiel’s eyes seems to shake Dean out of his haze.
“I hope so. I think— well Cas and I had talked the other day about how we don’t give ourselves enough credit. For the things we deserve,” Sam explained. Dean glanced over at Cas, eyebrows pinched, and Cas had to look away.
A quick roll so that he's pressed with his hips to Cas, their thighs slipping between each other's instead of their calves has Dean realizing that Cas is aroused also.
Dean refuses to become trapped with someone who would stop him. He never takes on a full-time witch or wizard, and promises himself he will never fall in love with one. Dean would rather be a bachelor, with incredible magic one night stands than tie himself to someone who will stop him from channeling magic. Stop him from getting that rush.
One moment Cas is curling in on himself, shrinking into his own crossed arms and tightly pressed knees, into his chair. His eyes fixed on the floor, trying his best not to let any magic seep or leak.
He likes the fact that the guy he's working with, Benny, is friendly and easy-going. Benny consistently tells Dean when Dean is doing things correctly. He observes when Dean goes above and beyond and thanks to Dean for working hard.
"I guess. I'm still—- I'm still afraid, okay?" Dean says, nervously running his hand through his hair.
One cottage-clean later and Dean and Castiel are the closest to fucked-out that anything non-sexual can do to a familiar and wizard. Dean isn’t used to channeling something so potent and having his partner have no control over how it loops back. Dean’s muscles are relaxed, his head buzzing pleasantly, tingling with the dopamine that connecting and helping gives him.
Dean presses back, so Cas continues to apply pressure, rounding out his thumbs over the muscle to get it to release some tension.
Castiel has stopped wearing his trench coat unless they're outside. Now he's in one of Sam's old sweaters. Dean can't decide if his heart squeezes every time he sees it because it's a reminder of all the love he has for Sam, or if it's because something is breaking when he sees Cas domestic and afraid.
“I get you Sam. I’m working on it,” Dean says, watching as Castiel emerges from the Starbucks, a venti something sugary in his hand and a grin on his lips.
Before he can figure out what to do with the bag, Cas is coming into their room with a stack of blankets and the bottle of NyQuil.
Castiel is trapped though too. He cannot very well not take Dean’s hand now that it is extended, fingers calloused and freckly.
But Cas is trembling in the aftermath of what they have just said to one another, barely listening, clearly distressed, fizzing at the corners.
Castiel thinks, in the back of his mind, that the word is a little bit cryptic. If this familiar wasn’t doing such a good job making Castiel’s anxieties docile, Cas would be peeling apart the intonation and context as though it contained secrets.
A big part of him is assuring himself that Cas won't do anything as drastic as leave before they can have a conversation in person. But another part of him knows that Cas would flip out over the fact that Dean had lied. Cas doesn’t do well with curveballs—he is slow to change anything. He always plans, always thinks through every detail. He tends to get anxious when things don’t go exactly the way they should.
Dean listens as they report the numbers of people getting sick. He watches as Cas frowns into nothingness while politicians play with words and argue over what to do about how everyone seems to be spreading it. They can't decide exactly how contagious it is— but people just keep dying. And it seems far away on the radio until they finally stop for gas and see the requirements for face-coverings.
John was also angry and homophobic. He would send enough money to quell his own conscious before wasting the rest on drugs and alcohol. He would apologize and beg to sleep on the old sofa. He would berate Dean for his sexuality in the morning before leaving for another few weeks.
Cas pistons his hips, lifting out and pushing in, their stomachs and hips and balls coming together wetly.
Not that he really minds getting in trouble with Cas, but for now he wants to hear it from Cas' lips.
Castiel does have the sense to ease back when Dean speaks, and Dean tries to follow Cas as he retreats, leaning in for more. Castiel has to blink in surprise.
Cas doesn't want him to get out. Cas wants Dean to stay. Cas is upset but because Dean didn't speak up sooner.
But what he found was a collection of— in Cas' opinion— incredibly unnecessary self-deprecations. Dean felt responsible for Sam's unease with life, responsible for not seeing the apocalypse sooner, responsible for letting those around him die, even when he had no hand in it. He felt as though it was his luck that got them into this, every time. His big-mouth, bow-legged, over-confident, kind-hearted, disingenuous, gorgeous, rash and uncaring self that left the people he cared about left in bad spots.
“I just think we’re a good fit. Their dad kinda reminded me of ours,” Dean tells Sam. The way he says this is layered. This isn’t lost on Castiel or Sam.
Dean smiles, "That's all I ask. It's an option. Now, let's check out the tornado exhibit before Cas makes us look at plants or something stupid."
“There is a lot that has its focus on me. I am aware of your— distaste for discussing these sorts of things, but I feel I must impose this time.”
Those summers were some of the best of Dean’s life. Sam got an internship or a job. He and Cas were still in the honeymoon period where looking into each other’s eyes for an extended period felt like a very good idea. They spent lots of evenings down at the lake eating takeout and jumping off the retaining wall. They had too many noodles in Chinatown and tried as many different bars as their wallets could handle. Cas and Dean had gone to Chicago’s pride in Boystown. Sam wore a tutu willingly, which Dean will never let him live down.
Cas of course, watches all of this like he can't fucking take his eyes off it, his mouth parted in excitement.
Dean thinks about that— maybe he is somewhat restless. Dean is a people person for the most part and he's been feeling pretty lonely. It's a lot harder to make friends when you're finally adult and married. He feels weird about going out to the bar to try to meet people, and his job is so new that he barely is acquainted with his coworkers. He has a few friends from community college, but Charlie and Gilda have a new baby, and Garth got a job out in Ohio.
“Fourteen and nine. Wow, you guys, those are not little kids,” Sam says, looking like he’s got questions.
Cas hums at this, not fully paying attention to their call. Dean can see the glow of his laptop as Cas' attention is divided, "Perhaps you should get out and get some exercise."
When the sun had set and Dean really had to pee, he begrudgingly put the Impala in drive and headed back to the bunker.
"It's ok Dean. I forgive you. Please don't do that again, it worries me. I am not comfortable with hurting you."
Dean will get back into bed and they might talk for a couple of minutes, but mostly they'll settle so Cas can run his hand through Dean's hair sleepily until they both finally pass out.
He can feel his orgasm ending, but Cas is still pumping into him, and he hasn't let up on Dean's cock either. It's getting to be too much and Dean is yanking on the restraints holding his arms back and letting out desperate noises.
Dean apologized for falling asleep and adorably wiped the drool from his chin. He rolled his eyes at the ties which Castiel chose, but agreed that Cas needed a few new ones.
Dean hides his face in Cas' lap while he speaks. Cas has always been poetic and open with how he feels, but that doesn't mean that Dean has gotten any better at pretending like it isn't hard for him to hear. These are the sort of things that get said to girls in movies, not to Dean.
"I've got Jack," Claire says defensively, which Dean gives her a pointed look at. Jack doesn't even seem to know that Claire has been struggling, "Besides, I can't call."
Slowly, so maddeningly gently opening Dean up with his grace and his fingertips and then fucking into Dean without an ounce of self-control. Reducing Dean to a point where he cannot speak. Taking his time to appreciate how Dean’s soul would flutter under the pleasure and under the praise that Cas would undoubtedly give.
Castiel must be right there with him because he starts to ease his hips in time with Dean's and Dean picks up speed. He twists his left hand in time with the final five or six snap-drags of his hips. He can feel Cas meeting him in the middle, his breath caught as he whimpers and whines and — oh fuck—
“You asked to see that movie, Dean!” Sam complained but hopped in the backseat so Cas and Dean could sit next to each other on the way home.
In the end, the heartbreak won. Castiel’s eyes pooled with warmth and his stomach heaved like he was going to be sick, “Ok,” he uttered.
Dean can’t understand why Cas could possibly think that. He considers the possibility that someone has told Cas he’s dangerous, “Did someone tell you that you need to be afraid?”
When he got home, he caught himself hoping that Castiel would be there. This thought was a little bit easier for Dean to deal with. Dean had been around long enough to recognize that his feelings for his ‘friend’ extended far past what they probably should have. The question was, when had Dean come to peace with that?
It's been radio silence, they can't pick up a payphone to call anyone they've ever known or something angry will be on Cas and Dean in an instant.
Cas took a seat across from Sam and looked at his food with interest. Since things had become more balanced in their lives, and less end-of-the-world, Castiel had been working on expanding his cooking abilities. It was partially a tactic to spend more time around Dean. There was something about Cas’ inability to chop onions and a mistake of paprika for cumin that made Dean light up. And Dad knows Cas would give up his grace to see Dean lit up like that all the time.
Cas chokes on his spit, eyes widening. He has to actively settle his magic now as it sparks up against his skin.
Dean fills out three applications that day, agreeing to background checks and putting in Cas and his personal information, address, and incomes.
They both say please and thank you. Claire often reminds Jack to pick up after himself. When Dean or Cas have to put their feet down, the siblings are always more sheepish than whiny.
"Cas, if I thought that you were going to make me uncomfortable and push me too far we wouldn't be in bed together in the first place," Dean informs him.
Cas was nodding as Dean continued, "I wish I could talk to my 25-year-old self and tell him that there's no shame in a little experimenting."
"It's fucked up, but I wish I could go back and tell that lady the truth. I know I couldn't. I know there was too much on the line, but I swear to god Cas, I'd tell that lady in a heartbeat if I had the chance."
Dean keeps trying to talk through shit about work and about how he has been feeling like he has no energy mentally. She is actually super helpful when it comes to Dean's self-esteem. She listens as he talks himself into a corner, then points out where his logic seems to falter. She informs him that he does not give himself enough credit, and challenges him to let people fill in the blanks themselves rather than assuming what they will say.
The next morning he dragged himself out of bed later than normal and tried to pretend that his head didn’t hurt.
And to top that concoction of confusing emotions off, his magic is practically salivating at the idea of touching Dean.
Castiel was determined to brighten it— something he would have done long ago when he had sucked Dean's soul out of hell, had he known how to do it. It was this determination that played through his mind during most quiet moments. He knew that he would need a plan that involved dubious action, but imagined it would pay off.
“It’s fucking perfect,” Claire breathes, scooting across the Impala bench seat to push the door near the curb open and get out, not once taking her eyes off the home.
“Cas is mostly just worried about you being happy. You have been crazy better lately. We’ve been laying off the cases and you've just seemed… lighter. Cas was going insane watching you stew in all that shit, for real. We both were.” Sam told him.
A few moments later, Cas rolls his hips up towards Dean's cock where he is still sporting an unaddressed semi.
Dean and Cas had bought the house on Sunnyside Avenue in the Ravenswood neighborhood of Chicago about five years ago. Previously, they had been renting a shared two-bedroom in Lakeview. Dean and Cas had actually been roommates.
Cas gets up on his knees behind Dean again and drapes himself over Dean, their bodies pressed together hot in a way that startles Dean's brain. He gasps a little.
Dean huffs out a moan and Cas takes that as an encouragement to put his tongue between his cheeks, slowly and carefully licking at Dean.
Cas is letting out quiet, shuttering sobs and squirming left to right when Dean finally lets up. both on Cas' dick and his restraint. Dean comes lazily into the condom he's wearing and thrusts through it quickly. Dean doesn't indulge himself in this— Cas is already too over-sensitive and floaty to be making decisions about what hurts and whether Dean should stay inside him right now.
"Today?" Cas asks, trying to stay calm with the knowledge that Dean is having trouble keeping track of time.
"I can write you some recommendations to some openings I've heard of, if you want. I can even write a more specific letters as you're applying for other stuff too. I'm sorry Dean, you really don't deserve this," Zach says.
And even if Dean forgets the fact that Dean isn't on Cas' level— now Dean's stupid fucking past mistakes are going to make it hard for them to start their family.
Dean seems to like that, he pulls against it, making the tug harsher on his scalp. Castiel tries to let up a little, but Dean keeps the pressure consistent.
Pretty soon Dean's made a rhythm. He's got a hand behind him, pressing fingers into himself, and another balancing himself against the bed. His hips twitch with the curls of his fingers in pace of the bobs of his mouth around Cas. He doesn't reach for his own cock once.
Dean has to stumble to the bathroom to get to the toilet as he considers this thought. Cas is not only going to be disappointed, Cas might actually
Cas is better about getting Dean trembling. Dean tries to hide how much it affects him, but it's hard to avoid making noise when Cas runs the bluntness of his nails across Dean's dick and then thumbs at the slit.
“I was wondering,” Sam says carefully, “Would you guys think it was weird if I proposed to Jess and Gabe?”
Castiel watches as Dean shifts his knees out further to spread himself and get a hand behind him. Cas keeps an eye on where Dean puts his hands, intending to tell Dean not to reach for his own cock, but thinking maybe he won't have to.
“Mmm. That does sound like a good idea,” Cas teases, rising at Dean’s insistence and gathering his thighs to press him against the wall. Cas wipes his wet face at the back of his elbow and surges forward to kiss Dean.
Cas pulls the fridge open to find it practically empty. There's a couple of Trader Joes microwavable Indian-food dinners that Cas bought before he left, and an old carton of almond milk, plus some leftovers, but nothing substantial.
Dean sighs. It's easier to talk when he's faced away from Cas, doesn't have to school his expressions or see Cas'.
It's amazing how your priorities become exposed when you have to choose. Dean can't imagine being angry with Sam anymore— he's forgiven Sam so many times over now. He can't even begin to think of how deeply it hurts that Dean was never more clear with how much he loved Sam.
Cas holds Dean's hips still with his thighs as he jerks Dean. The fact that he can't thrust into it makes it hotter. Cas smoothes his hand around Dean, almost like he's massaging, languidly, the pressure slipping and sliding in a slow way that Dean will never give himself.
Dean considers schools— if he's soon going to be out of Cas' place and he doesn't have a place to work, now would be a good time to get some sort of certificate so he can try to get higher positions and more stable salaries.
Dean can hear the wind blowing through the trees now that they’re pulled over in the middle of nowhere. John doesn’t look at him. This isn’t the first time something like this has happened.
What's happened to Dean isn't unusual or bad, it's just human. It's just life. As much as it feels weird to compare himself to anyone, Dean is actually doing pretty well. They've both got some stuff going on, but they're doing pretty well. Dean isn't perfect, but well. Neither is Cas.
"Fingering yourself dry for a couple of minutes does not count as adequate prep. And the fact that you're saying you could have "taken" it? Not okay, Dean."
Dean kisses back desperately and helplessly tries to thrust up into Cas, squirming against the ties again and making helpless little noises into Cas' mouth.
Cas pauses, then gets one hand digging into the flesh of Dean’s ass and the other squeezing at his cock so hard that Dean
Castiel seems to think this is valid, he nods in agreement, "As soon as they move in, we'll get her on the phone plan. She should be able to reach people."
He headed downstairs to find Sam and Eileen struggling to follow the directions to some sort of bed called a ‘Kvalfjord’.
Dean blinked at that, trying to wrap his brain around it before he was standing up from his chair, obviously set on leaving the conversation behind.
“Fine, okay, when should I expect you?” Cas winces as he observes his home in disarray. He begins to pick at his cuticles, ignoring the way that he’s made a mess of the room with foliage and dust.
Cas gets out of the Uber on shaky legs and grabs his suitcases. He hefts his backpack to his shoulders and feels the picture of wary.
Dean chokes, "I can, fuck I can. But it would feel so good, so good if you would—,"Dean's voice breaks.
The very thought raises bile to Castiel's throat. He has to push down the sweep of discomfort and fear as he registers that Dean had been twisting his suggestions for Dean to get out more into some sort of idea that Cas wanted Dean to change his body— to lose weight or exercise or something absurd.
Sam and Eileen took a room with a single queen, and Cas and Dean shared a room with two. Dean and Cas didn’t speak as they dropped their bags next to their respective beds.
The shit part was that her daughter was taking it so hard. While Cas questioned Lauren’s husband, Joey, Dean became aware that their only child, a 16 year old named Annabell, was not doing too hot.
He watches as the skyline of his favorite city rises into the bumper to bumper traffic, and sighs at the comfort of being
Dean is starting to get out of the aftershocks, and his fist feels like too much, but he keeps going.
“I wish he could see how lucky he is. Eileen is practically proposing that they live like married hunters, but all Sam seems to hear is that Eileen has a death wish.” Dean said.
An hour later, footsteps sounded down the Bunker’s stairs. Castiel looked up from his nearly finished book in surprise, “Sam?”
Well. It was one thing for Dean to cut himself some slack, it was a whole fucking other for Cas to put that shit all out in the open.
Claire has been taking some supplemental classes this summer to make up for the credits she missed when her dad died and they weren't staying somewhere permanent. Dean thinks this is bull— Claire is barely 14! She missed part of 8th fucking grade. So what?
His phone vibrating against his thigh has him paying more attention. He pulls it out and takes a peek at who is texting him now.
Cas reaches out and runs a calming hand through Dean's short hair, his nails scritching at the softest spot near Dean's ear and making him relax.
Cas holds at Dean’s thighs and fucks into him without any sort of preamble. He presses as deep as he can go in, observing as Dean huffs and arches his back in response. Cas pulls back and thrusts in punishingly, setting a rhythm that catches Dean off guard with its speed.
Dean hums and turns on his side so he can squish his face in the pillow and watch Cas at the same time.
“I hope you feel that way when you come down too. I sorta lost my grip on you there for a moment,” Cas tells him, “I apologize.”
Cas licks down past Dean's taint, working towards his hole, mouth flooding with saliva at the thought.
"Good. Leg back up," Cas says roughly, getting his hands back to holding Dean, "If you feel any numbness, pain, tingling, heat in your arms, I expect you to tell me immediately."
