“Tell you what?” he asked, pulling the cork out, and he made the mistake of looking up at Steve. Fuck. He looked good. Healthy. Time away from Tony had obviously agreed with him.
doing it and not just something he’d built. Which was how the tentacles had won out. Not that there were that many; just two. He hadn’t wanted Steve to freak out after all, so the other ten were staying rolled up. And not that Tony would actually be doing the fucking, since he was just directing things, but still. It was closer to the real thing than the alternative.
Steve jerked awake, confused for a second about where he was and what he was doing—until he realized his hand was on his cock. And he was hard. He was aching.
That didn’t stop him from stroking Tony’s hair with his free hand, though, and he could hear the regret in his voice when he said, “Tony. I have a mission.”
He knew Steve had grown up in a different time, had even mentioned to Pepper that he wasn’t sure Steve realized he
“—you can keep a secret.  Three, you’re currently unbonded, and Rogers is going to need someone to help him through the adjustment period.  Four—”
Steve planned to leave it at that—although “planned” might be too strong a word, because it implied he’d ever thought about it in the first place, which he hadn’t—
“Y-yes,” Steve said, then buried his face in the pillows, the muscles in his thighs and buttocks wracked with a fine trembling.
It was what he wanted to ask, but what was the point? Steve would tell him soon enough. This wasn’t a social visit, after all. Steve was a full-fledged member of SHIELD now. Maybe there was another whacko trying to take over the world. Or maybe Fury was hoping Steve could convince him to get back into weapons design. Fury knew Tony had a soft spot for him. It had to be something important for them to send the big guns in, whatever it was.
“I’m not . . . not doing so well. I think I have a fever. I was going to get some aspirin just now, but then you came. What are you doing? Is something wrong with the door?”
He cleared his throat and swallowed again, but his voice was still shredded when he told Tony, “You said if there was something I couldn’t do, I should use it, and I can’t—” leave you, “—walk out that door, knowing that you think I
It wasn’t up to him, though. Not unless he wanted to use his safeword anyway, and he was hardly going to do that because he didn’t feel
Steve slowly reaches for the buttons of his shirt, waiting for Dr. Stark to back up, and he does; but only by a step.
articles he’d read about him, Steve knew that Stark played just as hard as he worked. Who was to say that he wouldn’t have chosen to stay in the penthouse even if Steve hadn’t been around? It wasn’t as if Stark
He smiled politely, and it’d been his job to punch Hitler and sign autographs, but he’d never known what to say to people when it really mattered. “Thank you, ma’am.”
—and he’d been ogling Steve’s body enough to notice the muscles once or twice. (He didn’t even mean to, but one second he’d be glancing at something on his phone, and the next, he’d look up and bam! There would be a thigh. Or a bicep. Or Steve’s chest. Tony thought he could write
For one moment, Steve’s sure Tony’s going to dab at his lap with them, and his cock twitches against his jeans so hard that Steve’s sure Tony can see it—
Any calmness that Steve had attained went flying out the window, and Steve let out a sharp cry, humping back onto Tony’s hand and sobbing out loud. It might have been mean of Tony to start out with two from the get go, but Steve had been so relaxed from the rimming, and it didn’t actually take long before he could bottom out, Steve pleading shamelessly all the while. Tony let him, too caught up in the slick slide, the feeling of Steve clenching down on him, to do more than shush him softly, although when he started brushing against Steve’s prostate, even that stopped working, if it had ever helped in the first place. Tony had to actively push Steve’s head down instead of just resting his hand there as Steve’s body jerked and spasmed, and he fucked him like that for a long time, mesmerized by the sight of his fingers splitting Steve open.
“Shh,” Tony said, which only made it worse. “It’s okay, Steve. Don’t—I didn’t mean to say it like that. I just want you to take care of yourself,” Tony said, and Steve could feel him moving, Tony’s left hand sliding along his cheek, although his right stayed where it was. Steve didn’t know what he intended until Tony was sitting astride his lap, warm and solid, and if that weren’t enough, Tony leaned forward until they were touching from head to thigh, Tony’s arms coming around his neck, and
But this? Steve had to have known how Tony felt about him, at least to some degree, even if Tony had never declared his feelings outright, so it would’ve been downright cruel for him to lie or exaggerate his own feelings.
On the other hand, if he’d thought he looked silly with the ears, then it had to be one hundred times worse with the muzzle on as well. It was so foreign to him that he couldn’t even picture what he looked like in his head. It didn’t matter. He knew it didn’t. But he still wanted to get a glimpse of himself in the mirror over the dresser. Just to see. Just to know.
“Well, Steve, there’s a reason I’m avoiding ole Nick, and no matter how much I enjoy these,” he said, shaking his hand so the chain connecting them jingled, “and let me tell you that I’m enjoying them
Tony knew that there were a lot of Doms who preferred mouthy Subs, got off on the whole, "oh, you've been such a bad Sub" thing to use as an excuse to bring out the whips.  He, however, had enough sass for a whole stable of Subs, and he didn’t need a reason to take a Sub over his knee, so the Subs he kept company with tended to be discreet.  Refined.  Obedient.
“Okay, now turn,” he orders, twirling his finger.  “Nice,” he says, cheering up slightly since nearly-naked Steve always has that effect on him.  “Now drop the towel.  And add a little flourish.  You don’t want me to get bored after the tenth viewing after all.”  Like there’s any chance of that.  As a matter of fact, he makes a mental note to backup the video and then backup the backup.  Ad infinitum.
to contract with him,” he said at last, and if he came off as defensive, it was because that was how he felt.
What the fuck. He’s never going to get to the island at this rate, the island that he’s going to in order to
“What just happened?” Steve asks as he stares at the black kitten sitting in the spot where Tony used to be.
“No? Well, that’s probably for the best anyway. Pepper would’ve killed me if I told her we needed to redesign the layout of the floor. Again,” Tony said, keeping himself from asking what it was that Steve
“‘Next time?’ I know I lead an eventful life, but I don’t exactly plan on being cursed and turning into a wolf regularly.”
Steve can’t, though. He can’t because he would never take advantage of Dr. Stark’s kindness and medical responsibility to—
“I . . .” Steve let out an embarrassed huff, a shiver running all over him.  He rested his head on Tony’s shoulder as he said, “I might have made myself sore from-from—”  He took a deep breath.  “From masturbating so much.”
“I could’ve handled it! You didn’t have to—I would’ve been fine,” Steve said, as if he weren’t convincing Tony he’d made the right decision even more.
Tony frowned, bouncing lightly on the cushion.  “Too hard.  You know I like taking naps on the couch, and there's no way I'll be able to fall asleep on this.  And the fabric’s scratchy, too.  It’s like you don’t want me to be rested, Steve,” he accused.
Steve just needs to get a hold of himself (and not in the way his body is still clamoring for) and use the time when Dr. Stark is setting up to calm down. He doesn’t need to orgasm. He’s fine. He’ll be fine. He will.
He glanced at the worktable, but it was a mess of wires and circuitry that he couldn’t make head or tails of. He’d gotten used to a lot of modern technology, but he didn’t know how much or really any of it worked, and he doubted that Tony’s table was the place for a beginner to try and learn by himself.
Stark had apparently inherited many of the same traits, but for some reason, all the things that Steve had found admirable in the father, he now disliked in the son.  Not that it mattered what he liked or didn’t like.  Nick had basically ordered him to accept Stark’s contract, and so he had.  It wasn’t as if it mattered anymore who he went with.
Steve is so busy arguing with himself that he doesn’t realize he’s made his way to the front desk until Nurse Grace greets him.
He sighed and pushed himself, climbing out of the bed and making his way to his bathroom. He turned on the light and squinted until his eyes had adjusted.
Sorry for how long I've been gone!  This past summer was crazy, what with moving and writing nearly 47K for my cap_ironman big bang.  I'll be posting that later this month, but this was the beginning of the other fic I started for big bang but then discarded, because I thought my first idea would be shorter.  FML.
Like an idiot, he’d denied it, and she’d told him he might not be in love with Steve Rogers yet, but he’d been in love with Captain America for years.
It felt less like a discovery of something new than an acknowledgement of what had been right before his eyes. Of course he was in love with Tony. Of course he was. After everything Tony had done for him, all the kindnesses, big and small, how could Steve not love him?
“Promises, promises,” Tony said, smiling, just to get a frown directed back at him.  At this point in a conversation, Tony typically liked to sit down and leer happily at a person.  The handcuff made sure he wasn’t going anywhere unless Mr. Serious and Studly went with him, however, and Tony was getting the impression that the guy wasn’t in the mood to sit down and chat, so it looked like standing would have to do.  “What’s your name, soldier?  I’m sure my assistant already told me, but I have a tendency to not pay attention whenever he talks if I can avoid it.  Man, I miss Pepper.”
Luckily for him, the nurse comes in just as Steve’s about to respond.  Unluckily, she tells them that it’s just a standard checkup and that Steve can stay if he wants to, but Tony says, “No, he’s done.  He was just leaving.”
“Which one was it, Steve?” Tony asked, letting his teeth graze taut skin, nipping gently, and Steve jerked like he’d been electrocuted.
Tony got up when he heard a noise coming from upstairs. He found himself in Howard’s office minutes later. And his dad was holding a picture of Captain America and another picture of little Tony. Just then, Obadiah Stane walked in. And so did Peggy Carter. Both of them were assuring him that the police would find Tony.
“I hope Thor comes soon,” he muttered under his breath while pushing one of the trolleys. Neither of the girls had anything to say. They silently reached home.
Tony immediately looked up at the ceiling. He was grinning so much, it made Steve’s heart melt. He too, was smiling.
Tony kept it with himself. He looked at the photograph of them smiling and clutched the teddy bear closer to his heart. He felt at peace, knowing he was going to be fine in a few years. He was glad he knew the answer to the question that would be each child’s dilemma;
In the evening, after 6, Clint and Thor were engaged in a fierce battle, which was a Wii dance game. They took turns dancing for over an hour, trying to make one another lose.
The heavy hitters were standing outside the bank, with Tony looking for more cybernauts that could be hidden amidst the civilian population gathered outside. Right, civilians.
“I’ll bring you all some lemonade,” Kayla said. She took a plastic plate and placed the toasts neatly. She offered them to Clint, who looked very grateful. “Oh Linda, tell Bruce they are here.”
Tony gritted his teeth. He didn’t want to get reminded of that day; that day he saw his work being uncredited and that day he threw his tools across the hostel room.
“I think you should re-consider,” Bucky said quietly. “They need you there, Steve.” Bucky walked away. He was already asking the AI for the sniper rifles' location.
“You know, it’s… it’s okay if she doesn’t share you know. An AI needs her freedom too,” Sam said. He looked very nervous.
Tony, who was still frowning at the thumbprint access pad, turned to look at Steve with his eyes wide open. If all these weren’t a prank, if Jarvis was still existing then Steve’s words made sense but...  where were they then?
Once Steve saw Thor and the girls coming down from the stairs, his heart sank. But he knew he had no choice.
“Tony, you were with the heavy hitters and gave us information on where the cybernauts were going. Good work there. But that stunt you pulled at us by crashing right into the plane filled with cybernauts… that was bad and please don’t do it again,” Steve put it nicely.
She was staring at his back for a long time. She was feeling utter sadness. It was as if she was breaking down, like how she did for Pietro’s death. It was pain. And the pain was growing in her chest, making it difficult for her to breathe. She let out a loud sob. When she realized what she just did, she covered her mouth.
Once he entered the elevator, he sighed and slumped down against the smooth brown wall. “Friday, I’m the worst, aren’t I?”
“You’re not gonna argue,” Natasha smiled. “The strategies can wait. I’ll hand you over to the Captain, Tony.”
She pulled Steve into an embrace. He hugged her back, after two seconds of hesitation. Steve was so tall that Kayla had to tip-toe to be able to fully rest her head on his shoulders.
“We found Clint near the lab table,” Bruce said. “I can’t even get mad at him. He looks that adorable.”
Kayla gave the picture to him. He looked at it and ran his thumb along the image. Chippy was looking up at the camera directly with his tongue hanging out. He was smiling. Bucky really missed him. He placed the photo on his chest, cradling it and sighed.
Thor sprinkled more water on the baby boys. Wanda, Natasha and Thor left the room, leaving only Steve, his back facing the babies. The babies’ giggles were soon replaced by coughing, followed by a very manly scream coming both from Clint and Tony.
“We didn’t really know about you and cold, plus, we forgot this thing called boundary,” Clint said. “Sorry buddy.”
“Good God, I’m actually hungry.” Everyone in the house could hear Clint’s stomach growling furiously. Bruce nodded at that too. “Do we have a proper meal? Gosh I need to eat something whole, especially now that I know all I had was milk and baby food.”
“This is exactly what is breaking us apart!” Natasha exploded. Clint and Tony flinched. “You being this emotional, like come on, Clint! Keep your shit together and maybe, just maybe, you’ll see what you’re destroying.”
“I just…” Steve’s voice cracked, and he was trying to swallow the lump he had. “I just hate the cold, Tony.” He whispered.
Tony cheerfully waved at some of them. And they too, waved back at him. The Damage Control people were sworn to secrecy about this issue; they knew who the little boy was.
“Boss, armor integrity has been compromised,” his AI warned him. Tony was slightly giddy. “It’s down to 31%.”
The hallway in the helicarrier which led to Tony’s room, was absolutely quiet. The only sounds that could be heard were the footsteps of Steve, Bruce and Natasha.
Tony went into the walk-in closet to take out his presentation clothes. Steve too, did the same thing. Before Tony could walk out, Steve grabbed Tony’s arm and stopped him.
He rested his head on Steve’s firm chest. Steve pulled Tony closer to him and allowed his warmth to embrace Tony.
“Team 2, Daredevil, inform us if you hear anything out of the ordinary. Luke and Jessica, keep pushing them back. Clint, use your explosive arrows. Try your electro-arrows at the portal too! Doctor Strange, try to push them back and create shields if needed. Vision, try and melt them. To push them back, increase your density. Black Panther, your highness, I need you to work with Daredevil to take out any Frost Giant who crosses that Vietnamese restaurant.” Cap quickly called out.
“You know, I normally have to sign a contract before someone will do this to me,” Tony wheezed, and immediately regretted the words when Steve froze. Well crap. He really should pay more attention when Pepper lectured about the necessity of a brain-to-mouth filter. He’d forgotten for a second there that sexual jokes were a no-no, what with the whole newly acquired, reluctant Sub thing.
That had slowly started to change when Stark hadn’t asked him about what he’d researched the day before; or if he had any follow-up questions that he could help him with; or if he wanted suggestions about what Stark thought might be interesting for him to learn about—because how could Steve research something he didn’t even know existed. It was true that Steve had never answered as fully as he could have, but it had never stopped Stark from asking, every day, regular as clockwork.
“It’s alright, it’s alright, Steve,” he hears, head swimming, his heart throwing itself against his chest, and it takes a long time to realize Dr. Stark is carefully wiping at his torso with the sheet.
In response to the prompt: Clark Kent/Bruce Wayne, fake dating, first kiss? I do love me some faking date trope fics
“Now, Pepper,” he began and had to flinch at the look she gave him.  Pepper was actually a Switch rather than a straight out Sub, and while she’d enjoyed submitting to him most of the time when they’d been together, he’d always suspected she would’ve liked having him over her knee a lot more frequently than he’d actually bent over during their relationship.  Her current expression made him even more certain.
“But you’ve had sex, right?  I mean, a war, sure, I get that.  And I know times were different back then.  But every guy goes through puberty—”
“Yeah, I finished a project faster than expected,” he says and doesn’t tell him it’s because he’s been working through lunch for the last week. There’s nothing wrong with being productive after all.
but barely paid attention to the movie, wondering what she’d do if he put his arm around her shoulders and jumping every time his fingers got tangled with hers in the popcorn.  On their third date, she gave him his first kiss, and he didn’t think life could get any better.
Steve swallowed heavily, his chest hitching, and he turned his face into Tony’s hand. He could feel the tears quivering at the corner of his eyes, and he hated them, more proof of all the promises he’d broken, to himself, to Tony, of all the things he kept doing wrong.
For the prompts “Sharing body heat” (cap_ironman bingo) and “huddling for warmth” (avengers_tables).
“Look, Steve, I’ve got to go. You do what you want, but don’t come crying to me when Tony invites you to his wedding and you have to stand in the back of the reception hall and think, if only I’d manned up and asked him out when I had the chance, then I could be the prettiest princess right now.”
“I know,” Steve gasped, his body trembling as it sought some kind of release from the tension ratcheting almost unbearably inside of it.  Any kind of release.  “I know you would,” he tried to say, but it was lost as he cried out in orgasm, Tony’s hands all that kept him together.
“Before I go,” Steve said, and that wasn’t distracting at all, having Steve speak right next to his ear, “I want . . .”
“What kind of additional things are they asking for?” It’s not like he really knows what happen in a doctor’s office beyond the routine, but he’d love to hear more about Tony’s invention.
He could feel the lump growing in his throat, and he tightened his grip on Stark’s arms, which was alright, because it was metal under his hands, and Stark would never know.
“This isn’t permanent?  Tony will change back by tonight?” he asks, crouching down and tentatively reaching one hand out.
Steve has never been the most confident when it comes to people he’s attracted to, probably a result of being sickly until almost his sophomore year in college when he shot up like a weed and more than doubled his weight seemingly overnight. But he’s never been this much of an embarrassment either.
They’d gone to his property upstate, and he’d told Steve they were going to train. And they had! For a little while at least, with Steve winning the first round and then the second, because Tony had been a little preoccupied, either running last-minute diagnostics—again—or just distracted by thoughts of what was to come.
“You’d think so, but he didn’t even know about safewords, Pepper! I told him he should pick a safeword, and he didn’t even realize they could be used non-sexually.” Tony sighed and walked over to the nearest chair, slumping down into it. “And he’s from the damn forties. Submissives’ rights were a joke back then. Is his idea of being able to say no the same as our idea of being able to say no?”
“Don’t cry, Sweetheart,” he whispered raggedly, the endearment slipping out, and he shuddered. “Please don’t cry.”
“Just—just any of it,” Steve said hoarsely, slowly bending one leg to make himself that much more accessible to whatever Tony wanted to do to him. “All of it.”
For the prompts “Alien invasion” (cap_ironman bingo) and “phobias” (avengers_tables).  Title from Muse's "Uprising."
Tony closed his eyes, bracing himself for what was coming, aware that he deserved whatever Steve had to say.
on Tony’s face. Or not exactly that maybe, but he was noticeably happier than he had been, and Steve might have thought Tony had given in to the absurdity of Steve’s appearance, but his expression was also—
, and okay, that is a weird association to have. I’m getting Oedipal flashbacks. Look what you’ve done.”
“I can’t get enough of you,” he whispered against Steve’s lips, his temple, sucked kisses into his neck and shoulders and as Steve shivered against him, couldn’t fucking believe how
“You.  This,” Captain America said, waving his hand between them.  Which made both of them look down.  Which made Captain America realize what they were both looking down at.  Which made him blush and move his crotch behind the door.  Which made Tony want to cry a little.
Steve paused mid-step as Stark started following him out of the waiting area, obviously planning to come along, and he and the nurse, Sara, both halted as well, looking at him like they were wondering what the hold-up was.
He jumped a little when Nurse Sara started her litany of questions, so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t even paid attention to the fact that they’d arrived in the exam room. Stark turned his attention to his phone as soon as he sat down and didn’t try to answer for him, even though the questions had been directed at the both of them. Stark even pulled out . . . earbuds? He thought that was what they were called. . . that he stuck into his ears, faint bits of music escaping, and seemed to stop paying attention to the two of them at all.
“It’s only indecent if someone else sees it,” he tries to explain, but that just sets Steve off on a new tangent.
He sits down gingerly, the paper crinkling underneath him, and he makes sure the robe is loose around him so he won’t have to move it for the first part of the exam. Then he tucks the sheet around his waist firmly and waits, determinedly refusing to look at the tray of sterilized tools off to the side and trying not to think about how he’s dripping onto the table, about the pool of wetness he’ll find and futilely try to mop up later. It’s worse than his erection, even though they’re both proof of how much his body likes what’s happening, but at least he can tell himself he gets hard all the time; he can’t lie that the leaking is normal.
And if it happened to kill two birds with one stone, all the better.  SHIELD had been trying to get their hooks into him for years—weapons designer extraordinaire (even if he’d said he’d left that behind him, there was always the possibility that they could convince him otherwise), technology genius, owner and operator of the one and only Iron Man—and if he accepted responsibility for Captain America, they’d have it.  SHIELD had found the guy after all, and he was still technically in the Army, government property in other words, and there’d be check-ins and check-ups, and no Dom worth his salt would let his Sub go into those alone without at least being in the next room.  They’d have Tony by the balls, and Fury knew it, the bastard.  Assuming he agreed.  Which, Tony totally wasn’t planning to do.  No way.  Nuh uh.
Tony nodded tiredly like he was humoring him. “I never forgot, though, how much you hated the idea of being with a Dom, and when Fury came to me, it was my one condition, that you were released from the contract. Not because I didn’t want you,” he said, and Steve suddenly heard in his mind “
He’d either been taking a lot longer to get undressed than he’d realized, or the doctor had arrived exceptionally early, because it only felt like a minute or two later that he heard the knock on the door. He was still more in his costume than out of it, and he stood by sheepishly, expecting the door to open since he’d never met a doctor who’d waited for a “Come in,” but nothing happened.
“Hand me that wrench next to the stove, will you?” Tony asks distractedly, and Steve frowns, because what’s a wrench doing next to the stove anyway, but he grabs it, holding it out to Tony without even thinking about it.
“Alright,” Tony said as he walked back into office, and it was all Steve could do not to shudder in relief. “If you’re going to put on a show for me, then it should be a real show,” Tony said, and he placed a relatively thin vibrator they’d used before on the edge of the ottoman in Steve’s line of sight.
“Yes,” Steve said, closing his book and placing it face down on the coffee table. “I didn’t get the chance to complete rule six yet.”
“Tony,” he slurred, shivering from the aftershocks that sparked along his spine, too fucked out to even move away enough to catch his breath. He hadn’t meant to come, but he couldn’t exactly complain about the outcome all in all. “Tony, fuck me,” he said, dropping his chest to the ground, his body trembling so much that he couldn’t keep himself up.
“Of course it is!” Tony said, his hands flying up in exasperation, and Steve immediately missed them. “You tell me it hurts if you don’t come, and then expect me to believe that throwing in all of this—” Tony said, waving at himself, “—doesn’t change your minimum? I mean, I suppose it’s possible, but even discounting my incredible good looks, sex with another person is very different than sex with yourself, and without data to back you up, I refuse to believe it won’t alter things. So, yes, I do think it’s important, since what kind of Dom would I be if I didn’t keep you healthy and happy?”
He hung the shower head back up and angled the other ones away so he wouldn’t drown, and then he got down on his knees.
He stood up and slowly started unbuttoning his shirt, just in case . . . what? Tony didn’t want to see him naked? He had no idea, but he started slowly for whatever reason and then never sped up, because Tony was
“Well, this was fun,” Tony said a long, long, awkward moment, deciding that it was way past time to skedaddle.  He slid his sunglasses out of his shirt pocket and put them on.  “But look at the time; I’ve got people to do, things to see—”
It’s easy to get lost in the kiss, in Steve’s strong hands and firm body, and he digs the fingers of his free hand into the damp skin of Steve’s hip, pulling him closer, as close as he could get.  It’s too easy really, and he has to jerk his arm back up when he realizes it’s starting to dip.
“Alright then, I’m going to give you a lab slip so they can take a few blood samples, but you look to be doing well. We just have one last thing to do, and then you can be on your way.”
“Steve,” Tony said, putting his hand on Steve’s arm, and just like the last time, Steve found himself flinging it away.
“It’s alright,” he said, because it was.  He knew how much Tony needed to touch him when they did this, and besides, it helped to feel the warmth of Tony’s hands to keep him grounded.  Still, this was the most water they’d ever attempted, and Steve needed a minute to get used to it.  Or to get as used to it as he could, all things considered.
They don’t talk about Tony’s date for the rest of the night, but Steve never stops thinking about it.
He gave himself an internal shake. He couldn’t believe he was thinking about this. They hadn’t even—they’d only—fucking machines of all things.
Maybe the best way to do that was to be honest and ask Steve for all the things that Tony had been holding back for nearly the entire time they’d been together. He was already going to tell him he loved him. The rest of it couldn’t be any worse, could it? Not when the majority of the reason Tony had kept them to himself was because he hadn’t wanted Steve to suspect just how deep his feelings ran.
didn’t really exist, that it’d been a cover to hide Stark infiltrating SHIELD.  No wonder Iron Man had been able to get around new SHIELD technology so quickly, had always been able to escape even when they’d had more men on the ground.  Stark had
And well, that wasn’t an option anymore, he thought, his thoughts turning melancholy for a second but without the intense longing he used to feel at any thoughts of his past, more of a soft nostalgia and a wish that things had turned out differently, that he could’ve had all his loved ones together, safe and happy.
“Tony,” Steve said, panting like he’d run a hundred miles at full speed. The sounds his hands made as he worked himself were wet and filthy, his movements so much faster than before, and Tony wondered just how close Steve had been and if he would’ve remembered to ask for permission to come. Tony was almost disappointed he hadn’t waited to find out.
He’d tried to do what she’d suggested, but it . . . hadn’t quite worked out the way he’d thought it would.
,” he said, his shoulders hunching. “Or at least, I didn’t think about anything besides myself.” He’d do better, though, if Tony would just let him, he swore to himself, and tried not to remember how many times he’d made that same promise already. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
“Tony,” Steve gasps, endless seconds later, and it’s all Tony can do to not orgasm at the sound of his voice, hoarse and frantic. The friction is so intense like this that his control is in tatters, and he desperately wants Steve to come. Steve’s been shuddering almost constantly for the last couple of minutes, and it feels like he’s already left livid marks on Tony’s neck and shoulders, fingernails dragging along his skin, but he still hasn’t climaxed. “I have to—you can’t—
take advantage of Steve like that, the list went on and on. Although how likely was it that Steve would’ve believed him? (And he couldn’t stop the thought that Pepper was wrong; that Tony was the
Maybe Tony had missed him, but the people he loved were Rhodes and Happy and Peter. While it was a temptation to try and stay for as long as Steve could, to reassure himself that Tony was there for good and wouldn’t disappear as soon as he looked away, if anyone had the right to be there for Tony tonight, it would be one of them.
It was like time had frozen, an eternity trapped in a second, and Steve could feel hurt and confusion and betrayal seeping into every crack and crevice until he was full to overflowing.
If this had been real—if he’d asked Steve to sign his contract and Steve had agreed—things would have been different.  They would’ve just gotten back from celebrating with their friends and would barely have been able to keep their hands off each other.  He’d have brought Steve home and taken him to his bedroom,
“Yes. Whenever you want,” Steve said immediately, even though he hated the idea of waiting. But if Tony needed another day to choose something that truly fit Steve’s crime, then wasn’t that better for the both of them in the long-run? Steve didn’t want there to be any lingering resentment, or for Tony to decide later that he should’ve demanded more from him.
Steve remembered planning to explain everything he’d learned about himself and about his feelings for Tony after he’d left but never finding the time to do it, too wrapped up in being back and convincing Tony he hadn’t meant to hurt him. Intending to take Tony out on a date—one date, just … just one—but getting lost in the excitement of having sex and discovering how incredibly good it could be. Proving how much he believed in Tony in the face of—not evidence—but a throw-away comment that he’d been afraid to follow up on, in case the answer was what he feared it was. Not calling Tony, even knowing that the hunt for Captain America would be all over the news and that SHIELD would come knocking on Tony’s door.
Tony started with the straps, around the ankles, around the calves, around the thighs. More around the wrists, the forearms, and the biceps, and then from above his shoulders and under his arms. They were wide and stiff, but padded somehow, and Steve managed to keep his breathing even as Tony secured each one.
There’s a part of him that wishes he could see Dr. Stark’s face instead of the drape, wishes he could watch Dr. Stark staring at how the sheet clings and cups Steve’s most intimate places. Most of Steve, however, is hugely relieved that he can’t because in all likelihood, Dr. Stark isn’t looking, or if he is, it’s not with the kind of thoughts Steve wants him to have, and he thinks it’d be devastating to have proof that Dr. Stark isn’t interested.
Steve welcomed the contact, still felt starved for Tony’s touch, in whatever way he could get it, and he found himself holding tighter to Tony than he should’ve.
“You won’t be allowed on the furniture, unless I specifically invite you up. Only good boys are given special privileges, Steve, so I hope you try your best.”
Did he mind? Did he mind that he’d basically flashed Dr. Stark with his nipples as soon as he’d met him and that Dr. Stark had remarked on how swollen they were and that the thought of Dr. Stark actually touching them makes Steve’s thighs clench together and humiliation run through his veins?
And while he knew that intellectually, it wasn't their fault—except for those five, of course, and they were lucky he’d just had them sent to the Heat Tank versus jail—Omegas were just bad news.
It was still hard to force himself to eventually get up and go, but Sam swung his arm over his shoulders after Steve said his goodbyes and told him, “C’mon, Steve. I’ve got you,” and so he nodded and only looked back once to see Rhodes shifting closer to Tony on the couch before tearing his eyes away.
“Please take off all your clothes and put this on with the opening in the front,” Nurse Grace says, handing him a flimsy robe, and it’s all he can do to look her in the eyes as he nods and smiles awkwardly. “Dr. Stark will be in in a few minutes.”
He thinks Steve’s getting this wet because of some condition, not because Steve wants Dr. Stark to use him until he has to walk bow-legged and drips come for a week.
It started during their first meeting when Dr. Stark had paused as Steve filled up the room with the smell of his arousal, shoulders hunched up in shame, and instead of joking about it or about how wet Steve was, or saying anything dismissive about omegas, Dr. Stark had kept going like nothing had happened. He hadn't acted like it was weird or that Steve was something to be gawked at, hadn't assumed that since Steve reacted physically it meant he wanted anything sexual from him—although he does, now, very much—nor has he ever. He treats Steve like any other patient with his own particular brand of idiosyncrasies, and he just takes care of Steve, respectfully and gently.
“You don’t get to decide for me what I want!” Steve said once he had his clothes on, spoiling for a fight, because Steve always reacted in anger when someone told him he couldn’t do something.
But what about the janitorial staff? Have they already come by? Or are they going to walk in at any moment?
“At ease, Soldier!” Fury said, and Steve sort of rocked back, his mouth settling into a mulish line.  Even with the mixed feelings, Tony enjoyed the sight a little more than he probably should have, but what the hell.  He was only human.
he ever done anything for Tony, he wondered, trying to think, his mind stuttering as he struggled to remember something beyond occasionally putting together a meal, which as much about taking care of himself as taking care of Tony. Surely, he’d done—
“Oh, I told my parents years ago that I was gay.  Had to head them off at the pass about the whole grandkid thing.  Stroke of genius if I do say so myself.”
“Ah, thanks…” Tony reached out and grabbed his pitifully soaked bag, scoffing as he assessed the damage. "I thought this sucker was gonna float out before I could get down to it. It’s full of my work shit, y’know, kinda need it. Remind me to never to bring anything but booze to the beach again, Jarvis. Good thing I write in pencil, should be able to salvage it…” he muttered, opening the bag and frowning as a piece of sea debris slipped off of it.
Cap blinked and then nodded, “Yeah.” As Tony sat up, Cap pulled his own pants and underwear down more, watching with attention as Tony opened the little condom wrapper. Tony gently slid the thing down Steve’s length until it was secure.
He stood and started to run to the North side of the building, that’s where Natasha was. “Nat?” he called over the comm, “Was that you?”
Steve’s long eyelashes fluttered and he groaned, “Ah, oh yes, Tony…” before capturing the other man’s lips in a hard kiss. It became wet as Cap began nearly panting and gasping between them. Steve’s body loved sex, and he didn’t have to fight or run thirty miles to get hot and bothered. One of Tony’s favorite things about dating a super soldier was that the man was always ready to go. Ever since they’d started dating two years prior, Steve had become needy for Tony’s intimacy—not that Stark would ever complain, oh fuck no.
He wrapped his arms around her, and after pulling out, hoisted her up easily and carried her over to the captain’s chair where he proceeded to make out with her most of the trip home.
“You seem pretty excited to be going to Georgia tomorrow. Anything new going on? Tony making you something?”
“I heard you, I’m…” a heavy breath, “I’ll do it. I’ll drive down there. Gimme a few days,” he’d need the time in the car to go over his thoughts. Tony’s cabin was less than 1,000 miles away, the drive would be good for him. It’d be sort of like a mini vacation.
“I just want to let everyone know how far Peter’s come in only a few short years. He’s got three degrees, he’s built approximately 2.5 spider-suits by hand, he’s building another branch of my company out of nothing, he’s already got two patents on new communication tech…and he’s just a superstar. I couldn’t have asked for a better, more talented kid in the whole world.” Stark downed his drink and then clapped, everyone else in the room following suit. Peter looked a little shy but grinned big, waving a hand.
Steve got so that his legs were in between Tony’s. Tony lifted his legs so they were around Steve’s lower waist. The blond just stared down at him for a second with his lips slightly parted, looking focused and incredibly turned on. Steve leaned down and kissed him, reaching between them and using his hands to put himself into position. He found his mark, slowly pushing the head of his member against Tony’s rim. Stark reached up and wrapped his arms around Steve, rubbing up and down his muscular back, kissing him hungrily. Steve’s shirt had fallen back down, but he didn’t care at the moment, as long as he could feel his warm muscles.
“For fuck’s sake. At least talk to people who aren’t crying at a support group. Make some new friends, you’re miserable.”
He found Steve on the residential floor, heading to his room and holding a garment bag. The other man was walking pretty quickly.
His hair was soft, his body was warm, and Jesus this wasn’t enough for him. Steve must have thought the same thing, because he stood and gently guided Tony to stand up with him, wrapping his arms around him and pulling their bodies close. Tony could feel Cap’s pecks flexing as his arms moved to rub Tony’s back and waist. Steve had tasted like syrup and blueberries, but their tastes slowly melded until all he could feel was warmth and wetness between their mouths. Every movement of Steve’s jaw and every stroke of their tongues had Tony’s body coming alive, and he was pretty sure there were goosebumps on his arms. This was so much. It wasn’t like being kissed by anyone he’d had in not-so-recent memory, it was domineering, sweet, and kind of lusty. Tony didn’t let himself get dominated very often, but with Steve like this? He didn’t even want a choice.
“Tony…” Cap stood in disbelief, coming over and taking the shield on his arm like he had a million times before. He tested its weight, and then broke out in a huge smile, his eyes so sincere it made Tony feel a way.
Bucking grunted, “Ignore it! Silence it, oh fuck…” he gently cupped one of her breasts, thumbing her nipple slowly and kissing her clavicle. She made a soft noise, just as Friday loudly affirmed his request. He leaned her back so he could bury his face between her breasts, kissing the soft skin there and then softly mouthing at a nipple. She pulled his head back up, kissing him hard. He kissed her back, more or less growling into her mouth as she ground her hips hard in jerky back and forth motions against him. He grabbed her by her legs, flipping them over and planting her bottom on the bench so he could stand in front of her. She grabbed his hair in her fist as he spread her legs and began pounding into her. Her breath hitched and she began to writhe against him, moaning his name in a helpless voice. He was coming undone just as fast as she was once he adjusted his angle. His thrusts were so strong that each time their hips connected it forced a noise out of her, but she just held onto him roughly, moving her body against him. Their lovemaking descended into straight-on fucking as he grabbed her leg and held it, reaching down between them and rapidly massaging her clit. He knew how to make her world spin, and that certainly did it, throwing her over the edge. She cried out and her insides clenched against him, he could feel her muscles squeezing his length in ripples and he spilled into her hard, groaning her name and continuing his harsh hip-movements. She was clinging to him and panting, and they were both pulling each other’s hair.
“Hell nah, been dealing with jammers my whole life. Suckers have shitty tech but always great booze. Hey Tony, where’s the kid?”
“Friday…er…what time is it?” He groaned, head pounding, body weighing a million pounds. That was the last time he was
Steve smiled, “It suits you. You did a great job, Peter.” The kid beamed at him and then began to blabber on gesturing wildly to Tony’s “super-secret” suit project.
Steve ate a bite and said, “Someone was trying to get about a dozen Ultron drones working again. They’d bought them on the black market somewhere in Europe. It was a quick thing once Banner and I busted in there. I was kind of surprised he was willing to help this time, you know with how popular he’s gotten.”
Steve ultimately began to softly dip his middle finger in and out of Tony’s bottom until he’d found a good rhythm and just kept going deeper with each push. Tony was so turned on that even the minimal stimulation felt great, and he was very relaxed. Steve was being gentle with him. He kissed his way up to Steve’s lips and took them again. As his tongue met Steve’s the man below him moaned softly, most of his entire middle finger having disappeared inside of Tony. Steve thrust the finger in and out before quickly adding another one—almost a little too quickly, but Tony didn’t really mind.
Running a hand through his hair and turning to look at nothing in particular, Steve set his mouth in a sort of line and turned to meet Bucky’s gaze. “I want something real.” Steve’s face crumpled subtly into a barely-there miserable expression.
“Mhm,” he said. Tony sat right between Cap’s legs, with his back pressed against Steve’s chest. It was warm and comfortable.
With one small thrust, Steve gently slid all the way inside Tony until the skin of their groins were flush. Tony arched against the other man’s body and gasped, because oh god it was so much better than his fingers. His girth felt huge and perfect inside of him, and he was more than big enough to stimulate Tony’s prostate in that way that drove him nuts. Cap had also gasped and turned his head away—giving Tony a perfect angle to kiss and bite his ear. Steve pulled his hips back and then slowly thrusted in again. Tony moaned, open mouthed against Cap’s ear. Cap only thrusted slow a few more times before he began an even slew of thrusts, deep breathy grunts and sighs leaving his lips.
“Yeah, yeah shut up!” Quill shouted, heart racing and ass burning. He turned and summoned what strength he had left to make his way back to the ship. He practically belly flopped into the ship because he tripped, shouting as whatever the hell happened to his shoulder shot his body up with more pain. Thor threw his axe out one more time, decapitating a few aliens—and poor trees—and the moment he caught it Nebula closed the door and drove them toward space.
Maybe he’d still try to get in his pants. He wasn’t stupid, it really seemed like Cap was flirting with him. There was a few times that night where Tony wondered if Steve had been about to kiss him. Hmph. Finally, around midnight, Tony finally pulled into the Avengers HQ parking area. He got out, stretching and trying to wake up a little. He was exhausted.
He’d never given any thought to the fact Steve could like men. He’d been crushing on the blond even when he resented him.
“Fuck me, who would have guessed this place had beef shawarma,” Tony said to everyone as he straight up downed a cheap and crappy European beer. Cap, Tony, and Sam had stopped by a Mediterranean place on their way back from saving the state from some batshit Swiss guy bent on anti-patriotism. They got the guy, Karl something, and all of his accomplices. It was routine, laughable really. The armor had some scratches but they were all fine.
The other man’s eyes were laser focused on him and he stopped chewing. “Tony, you really don’t have to do that. I just haven’t been looking. It’s fine.”
“Whoops, uh. Just came to make sure you were alright. You clearly are, yeah I’m gonna go upstairs.” Tony practically ran upstairs. Normally he’d have made a joke and handled that situation in a way that was completely hilarious and asshole-ish, but this time he couldn’t. Something about Cap’s expression and…his mind was a mess. Cap was gay? There were very few things that ever surprised Tony, and considering that Captain Freaking America carried around a picture of a chick he barely knew like some love-struck virgin for God-knows-how-long he just didn’t even know what to feel.
Peter woke up in the middle of the night, ate breakfast with Bucky—who was always awake—and then got to work on a special translator he’d been developing over the past few months. It was made with a space tech similar to the kind Quill had in his neck. Quill’s sensed the point you wanted to get across and the emotion you wanted to convey via brain wave detections, while having a massive database of languages throughout space. It was a complicated device that made the user able to hear what the other person wanted to get across in the language one’s brain was wired in. Quill’s even understood sarcasm and suggestive themes. It was such an amazing and complex piece of space tech that Peter had begged Quill to get him one. It turned out the things were crazy expensive, but a few months back Quill had managed. He’d been studying the thing since Quill’s had even worked on Earth. Peter had been trying to make one that humans could use that worked on a similar principle as a side-project, but he wasn’t having much luck. With a sigh, he looked at his clock. It was only 6 o’clock in the morning.
Without even asking he grabbed three skewers of chicken and ate them while making himself an espresso. It was only when Nat sauntered on in wearing one of his shirts and those yoga pants he liked to see her in that he realized maybe they weren’t for him.
Steve smiled easily, hopping off of his board and splashing in the shallow water once he was close enough. It didn’t matter how sunny it was though, people flocked to the beach anyway. He saw them all swimming, sun bathing, or sitting on the pier.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand, playing with his fingers for a moment before gently guiding it to his stomach, “Give me a hand, Cap?”
Thor looked at him and then just started belly-laughing, grabbing a healing tab—a type of pill they’d jacked off of some Kree militia—and tossed it to him. This wasn’t exactly new for them. Ever since getting Thor, they all got hurt a lot less. However, Quill still managed to get hurt more than all of them, even with the god at his side. Quill chewed one of the chalky tabs, wincing in pain as his shoulder and leg throbbed. He was actually leaking a lot of blood through his pants and jacket. Nebula came over to help him take off some items of clothing, shaking her head and giving Quill water. “Can I trust you two with nothing?”
“Oh, oh fuck! Fuck!” Tony shouted, body roughly jolted forward with each violent slap of their hips. He leaned his chest all the way down on the counter so he could just barely grasp the opposite side for leverage, arching and moving his body to meet his lover’s. His mouth was open wide and he was loudly-moan gasping against the table, and his legs wobbling with weak tremors. “Oh, yes, Rogers, faster…ah-ah…”
Tony huffed. “Two? Believe it or not, I’m letting the kid handle a lot of the planning. I wanna see what he does. So far, I’ve approved in writing a new facility he thinks we should build solely dedicated to the project. It’s not as flashy as something I’d design, but it’s a start. Did I tell you I made him a co-owner of Stark Industries?”
“Oh,” Quill said, putting his hands on his hips and blinking once. “Well, that’s good. Your friend I’m guessing?”
“Ugh, no you ass!” Nat smacked his thick chest and sat up, looking offended. “I made spaghetti. With garlic bread.”
“Ah, Tony…love the way we feel,” Cap sighed, pulling his hips out slowly and then pushing back in. Every time Cap’s massive member disappeared into him, Stark’s back tensed and he grunt-moaned into his own arm. His breath was leaving moisture all over the counter, and he was already sweating.
Thor looked around, finding them and sliding them across the ship floor. Quill got one triangular cookie in his mouth before the healing tab knocked him out. His head hit the metal floor with a clunk and his mouth fell open. Thor came over, reaching down and gently hefting him up bridal style. He effortlessly carried him over to Quill’s bed, laying him down and then turning him on his side to see that yes, he was indeed shot in the ass.
Tony grinned as he took a turn so sharp it made Steve grab onto the oh-shit bar out of habit. He chuckled once evilly, glancing over his shoulder at the somewhat tense look on Cap’s face.
“Awh, is this your way of coming out to me?” Peter could tell Tony was enjoying this way too much, he felt like jumping out of the window. He already knew Tony didn’t care if he was gay or not by him casually dropping it into a conversation one day when discussing Tony’s exes…He thought it was to avoid an actual coming out talk.
“Okay, I want to watch that documentary about the history of Hasbro and forget about the last three hours of my life...”
“Are you tired?” Steve lightly asked, voice so deep and close to his ear it made him get goosebumps.
He went down to the conference room and stopped when he saw Quill. She watched as Thor slapped a hand on Thor’s shoulder and gave it a squeeze.
He casually fell off the side of the skyscraper, letting gravity take him down until his repulsors kicked in and sped him toward Steve Rogers. He flew close and landed in front of him with a satisfying and metallic clang. Steve turned to him thankful, looking Stark up and down for battle damage or injuries. As Tony’s faceplate flipped up, he gave the big guy a smirk.
“Uhh…” Tony blinked and then shook his head, grabbing a shower and the saddest excuse for a cup of coffee he’d had in months. “I’m gonna go save him. Jesus, I’m sure every gay man this side of the East Coast is holding him hostage…If Sam starts choking or some crap in his sleep you know what to do.”
Steve turned to him with a shadowy look that only lasted half a second. “Why would you ask me that?”
Steve watched him for a moment and then put his hands on Tony’s hips. Tony was so stunned he just barely caught Cap’s eyes flicking to his face, watching for his reaction. This wasn’t a dance floor, what the hell was he doing. “Steve?” he breathed with wide eyes, all at once surprised by how quickly the big blond leaned in and kissed him.
By some magic Thor snorted awake, “Ruddy space pirates. They use their tech to jam your signals and navigation equipment. Then they storm your ship and take your stuff. Not a problem for the Asgardians of the Galaxy, eh guys?”
“No, there’s no one. My scanners indicate that whatever caused this explosion was already on the plane.”
He blinked, “What? You kissed me, bastard,” Star-Lord put his hands on his hips, gesturing wildly with a hand but having no words to say.
She laughed once, shoving him lightly. “Friday, take us home.” As the quinjet lifted off, Nat called every authority figure she could get ahold of, told them the issue, and then finally collapsed on a bench to take off her boots. “I swear to god Bucky, you’d think after the end of the world, more people would answer their fucking phones.” He liked that hoarse rasp her voice got when she was mad.
Rhodey made a noise somewhere between a scoff and an exasperated shout, “Excuse me? I am not getting this from you!”
“Sif!” Thor bellowed, running toward a woman and picking her up like a doll, twirling her around and squeezing the life out of her. She was laughing loudly, slapping him on the back and calling him funny names. Thor was beside himself with joy, shouting, jumping, and cursing.
Steve just stayed there inside him as he came, moving their hips together and kissing his hair until Stark stopped panting so hard. When he let his eyes open again he grinned up at him, swallowing thickly, “You’re just the best, Stevie…”
“And!” Star-Lord squeezed the remote, not seeming to know what else to do. This was a lot, he thought the sexual tension they had was like bro tension, every dude felt it. But maybe it wasn’t? And he kind of really liked that kiss? And he was lonely as fuck? “I don’t know!”
Peter was so ecstatic to be Stark’s actual adopted son. He just wished it would have happened under very different circumstances. He’d trade everything in the world to get his family, his friends, his anything back. Still, the best part of this new, strange life was having a father figure that cared about him so much. No, a father. In his mind, Stark had become his father. He didn’t replace the father he’d already had, but in his mind he had two, and that was okay.
Tony knew Steve liked to design things and sketch—after all he’d helped design every suit Tony made for him—but he didn’t know he was a full-on artsy fartsy guy. Somehow it never came up in their conversations. They were never very sentimental when they spent time with each other. Their talks often diverged into the semi-personal side, like movies they liked, people, or stories of better times. Tony felt like a piece of shit for not knowing things like this. Well! That was what the date was for!
When Peter eventually did make it home safe and sound from his little victory ride, Tony did give him his present. He guided him into a room and then gestured to a table. The table had a thick stack of papers on it. Peter looked at him suspiciously and then picked them up and read them.
Steve pulled his pants back up, zipped them, and then just took his shirt off. Steve’s body had always been gorgeous and profoundly unattainable.
Tony looked up at Cap who was now eating one of the appetizers. He hadn’t known the other man wanted kids. “How many?”
"Why the hell did you let me make decisions in that state anyway? You should know better! Really, Jarvis, I expected more of you." Tony pushed off the wall of the dock, no longer able to see blondie's muscles bouncing as he'd stopped to pick up his board. He shook his bag again feeling only a little sorry for himself. "I'll see you Tuesday. I'm busy. Why'd you call me again?"
The air between them was so funky now, but not in a bad way. Tony now realized it was because he was under the flirty stare of a big, huge, sexy man who also happened to be one of the most fundamentally good people on Earth. “I’m leaving right now actually.”
“Thanks, Friday. Oh, Tony, hey,” Steve threw a (frankly cute as fuck) smile his way and did that one-sided smirk thing that used to make his arc reactor feel like it wasn’t doing its job.
“Feels like it.” He rubbed his face and looked outside. There was a lot of activity happening at ground level but he didn’t really care. As long as that activity didn’t come up here. He heard Sam snoring quietly.
Steve smiled at him in a way the reached his eyes, hands coming to grab Iron Man by the waist. “Always have,” he practically purred, his voice taking on that seductive deep lilt that went straight to Stark’s dick. The big blond soldier was always so god damn delightful when he was horny.
Tony leaned forward, eyes trailing up and down the lines before he frowned and nodded in an approving fashion. “Pretty good, kid. To date this is possibly the best excuse to watch porn I’ve ever seen. God, I am just beaming. You are going to be so valuable in this economy. A fresh mind with fresh ideas.”
Steve looked at the door thoughtfully, then to Tony, leaning down and kissing him. “You need more sleep.”
Tony changed into his pajamas—a black tank and sleeping pants—before sitting beside Steve and sighing. He hadn’t been sleeping well because of all this. He knew Peter was going to have to go back to school, and he trusted him, but just knowing someone out there was actively trying to hurt him gave him night terrors just as bad as the one’s he still sometimes had about the wormhole…about Thanos.
Happy nodded, patting Peter’s back and then sitting down. “You did really good. It was kind of cliché, but it worked.” Soon the plane was up in the air, making the long trip back to New York from London.
“Oh you know, the usual,” Steve was smirking at him. “How about a walk around the park for our second date?”
The moment he was out of the room Tony’s mind went straight back to what had happened. He was gonna fry the fucker that tried to blow up his baby himself if he had too. He felt a squeeze on his arm and looked to see Cap’s kind expression directed his way. He crossed his arms and leaned back into his chair. As he boiled in his chair, Nat stood and cleared their plates and bowls.
They all walked into the snazzy country club and had a fantastic dinner, small-talking like nothing had changed. It was surreal for all of them, Steve was certain. Every now and then there’d be a small shift in their conversation that bordered on uncomfortable, but that was to be expected. As Steve ate his steak and watched Peter and Tony laugh together, he was more assured than ever that even though the Avengers had failed, the world could continue.
Tony jumped, having been staring intently at his phone as a distraction. He looked over to where he knew Cap’s eyes were even though his face was framed only with the soft hallway lighting.
Oh, shit. He had so much to do and he slept until dinner? “Damn, wow, alright. Where’s the kid? He still in the lab? When did Steve go home?”
Cap chuckled, kissing him with tongue and gently continuing to move their hips together. He ran a hand through Stark’s sweaty hair, cupping Tony’s face and smiling down at him with adoration. It made Stark blush and look away like they hadn’t just done the nasty in the most publicly used area of the penthouse.
“It’s a formal date. I want a suit you haven’t worn to ten funerals. You need a modern, tasteful suit anyway. Get with the times, already,” Tony could tell for some reason he was winning this battle. Cap seemed less and less startled. In fact, he looked relaxed. This was good, very good.
Meanwhile Tony was irritated. It wasn’t the first time someone’s tried to do that. But it was the first time someone tried to do it to so many. Luckily with the CPUs destroyed Ultron was dead in the water, but it was possible that if a drone was reactivated in the right way, a version of Ultron could come back online but with a fresh slate and no memory. That was dangerous news. The US government was
Tony always brushed his teeth first thing in the morning and was wearing comfortable jeans and a fitted cashmere sweater. He wasn’t self-conscious at all (he seldom was), but this date gave him that ridiculous embarrassed flutter that he honestly thought he was getting too old to ever feel again, making him want to check his already clean breath or shirt.
Thor came toward him and took him by jaw, looking at him for a moment. One of Quill’s eyebrows quirked and he licked his own lips, heart suddenly falling out of his nearly-broken ass. Before he could say anything, Thor kissed him roughly, just as the song ended. Thor’s lips were warm and his beard was scratchy. It was wonderful and dirty and holy shit he was kissing Thor. Quill’s arms flew out and he grabbed the other man’s forearms. “Whoa!” He said looking evenly at Thor, who was barely an inch taller than him. “What, I mean…like,” he stumbled, having a hard time concentrating with Thor’s warm and rough hands smooshing his cheeks in a way that was almost goofy.
Bucky heard her say, “No,” and immediately stopped running. There was junk and debris everywhere, but the clean wrappers of food and fresh garbage betrayed the presence of who ever was here. He rounded a corner just to see a large white man walking right toward him. The man didn’t get a chance to shout at him or finish pulling his gun out because Bucky rushed at him and tackled him, wrapping his arms around his neck in a chokehold. Taking his pistol off of his thigh-holster he bashed the guy in the side of the head with the butt of it. The dude crumpled to the ground unconscious.
“Send him down,” Tony said, legs trapped in armor. On his upper body he sported a beat up grey shirt with an old album cover design from Van Halen. He was running some tests on this new nanotech and was (not so) patiently awaiting a new delivery of krykor so he could start working on a suit for Peter. Kyrkor was probably the coolest element he’d ever gotten his hands on. And now that he had full access to vibranium from Cap’s friends in Wakanda? Oh, yeah, he was back in business baby. No space-level threat was going to hurt him or his kid. He’d never be exposed on an alien planet again. Not with this tech. He vaguely felt like the suit he was making was actually overpowered since it was mostly made of cosmic metals and elements.
She looked at the counter and then shrugged, “I don’t know who brought those. Friday, where’d these come from?”
She turned to him and looked him up and down, face breaking into a toothy smile, “Hello Star-Lord. I am the Lady Sif.” She bowed to him like a princess even though she looked like a crazy trash person from Sakaar. Nebula came over and introduced herself too. She was very uncertain about this new person.
“I am. Always am. Now, with Peter finishing up his degrees the kid’s never home. Pretty sure Tony needs me.”
Peter sat down, shaking his head in disbelief. “That...that was so fast…oh my god, Dad…” he just looked at the stack and then at Tony, still in shock.
“Wow, the first of many, Happy!” Peter hopped up, grinning with excitement and pacing. “Oh man, I wonder if I can get that translator working by the time the conference in Berlin happens.”
Peter followed behind after them and hopped into the backseat of Tony’s dark red Nissan GT-R before Steve could even think about a seat.
Rogers ran a hand through his own hair, his other hand was still firmly on Tony’s waist. “I just,” he breathed.
“He must be a pretty cool fuckin’ guy. I want to be like him. Sounds dangerous,” Tony chuckled telling the waitress his order and getting them a nice bottle of white wine. He had a feeling Steve liked it sweet. Steve chose a chicken-based dish. Tony ordered appetizers and a second course for them after ordering a pasta. This was so strange. Having a fancy dinner with Steve Rogers. What would the kid think? His pulse was wild right now.
Steve was staring down at where their hips were still joined. Tony could barely see the blue of his eyes because of those eyelashes. “Wonderful, Tony,” Steve said in a hushed tone, like it was a secret or something. He gently pulled out of Tony’s body—which gave Tony shivers—and watched as he did so. There was something on his face Tony was trying to recognize, he couldn’t tell if it was wonder, pleasure, a mix of both or something else. Whatever it was it was cute. Steve was cute.
“So I have to ask, you’re still gonna be Spider-Man, right Peter?” Steve asked as he opened the door for the kid, finally arriving at the restaurant.
Thor immediately grabbed Tony and gave him a massive smelly hug. Space was not treating him well. “Tony! My friend! How goes the ah, thing?” Great, now he needed a shower.
Tony blinked and then made a hand gesture, just splurting out his thoughts. “When were you going to tell me you were gay?”
“Dangerous. But profitable,” Nebula said, watching Quill flick a piece of something into Thor’s beard. He had good aim.
“Have you ever even been on a real date before? Like, I mean, the whole shebang? Dinner, maybe a movie, awkward small talk? Little smooch at the front porch?”
Steve turned to him and his expression was bright and surprised, “Tony, that was amazing. That was one of the greatest things I’ve ever seen.”
“Better than I thought he would. He told me he wanted to save the neighborhood, as in the neighborhood we call ‘Earth.’ Hey, want some more chili?”
As he sat down in a loose pair of jeans and a black tank to work on his new armor, he caught sight of Peter’s Mark 2 armor charging house (Peter’s Mark 1 had exploded). His eyes softened. Peter. The one and only reason he probably hadn’t drowned himself in alcohol by now. After some time working, Tony’s stomach growled. The more he aged the harder it was to ignore it.
Steve obliged, growling and moaning deeply with pleasure as he went faster, fucking him hard and so harshly that Stark’s toes were lifting off the ground with each thrust, shooting shivers and sparks of pleasure through Tony. Stark was gripping the counter for dear life, face scrunched in focus and desire. Steve let out quick, passionate groans that came from somewhere deep in his throat and Tony drank that shit up like he needed it to breathe.
“Hello Nebula. It’s nice to meet you all. So these are the warriors you’ve been traveling with, Thor?”
Tony was completely prepared and swallowed what he could down, shocked as hell that it kept coming, but actually enjoying having so much of it on his tongue. He pulled is lips away, leaning back trying to wipe away some that had spilled out of the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. When he met Steve’s face the other man looked like a cross between shocked and extremely aroused. Yeah, he got that.
Thor was asleep in his chest, possibly dead, and he was snoring. Quill kept getting distracted by nothing at all, and Nebula was like talking to a (very deadly) wall sometimes. Jesus, how had these three not killed each other yet? He’d never admit it was nice to see them, even Thor. Well it wasn’t pleasing to the eye to see him, but it was good to know he was at least somewhat alive.
“I’m not having second thoughts at all,” Steve’s voice was even. The way he said those last two words went straight to his dick.
Tony gripped the edge of the bar, shouting in pleasure as Cap eased most of his member into the tight heat of his body in one long, slow thrust. He’d barely heard Rogers release that beast from its confines, he was actually impressed. He did wince because Cap was a big boy both long and wide, but it wasn’t anything Tony couldn’t take. He threw his head back and moaned Steve’s name long and airy as the other man grabbed him by the hips and thrusted until they were pelvis to pelvis. He held him there for a minute, and Tony loved it, just enjoying how full and alive Steve’s dick made him feel. He was so big his prostate was sending pleasure tingles through him without him barely moving at all, but that didn’t stop him from shimmying his hips backward onto Steve’s member greedily.
“Darlin’ for so long, you and I been findin’ each other for long,” he shimmied backward and forward, “And the feelin’ that I feel for you is more than strong, girl, take it from me—” he turned to grab the remote just as he caught sight of Thor just standing there and watching him. How long had he been there? He never really felt embarrassed for singing, but something about Thor’s look irritatedly made him feel sheepish, “What? Gibb’s the man.”
Cap nodded, swallowing audibly and shifting his legs. How could someone look so embarrassed and enthusiastic at the same time? It was damned near precious how he could go from so domineering to whatever this was. It was that face that made him remember he was a freshly de-flowered virgin.
Tony gave Peter a genuine smile that Cap wasn’t for sure if he was imagining or not. The two had really grown close if Tony was already referring to himself as Peter’s parent. If someone would have asked, Cap wouldn’t have thought Tony would ever be ready to be a dad. But then again, he supposed a lot of things could change when the world went to shit.
“Good job,” Thor said, mostly sober. He was wearing sunglasses, a beanie, and a ridiculously baggy hoodie. Nebula squeezed Peter’s shoulder, congratulating him too. She was wearing a wig and a special kind of mask SHIELD had developed which gave her someone else’s face, a small courtesy from Tony. It would have been distracting if a blue alien was walking around after all.
After some goodbyes, the Guardians headed back to space. Nebula was blessed with the ability to shut off her audio processors, because the first time she heard Quill and Thor experimenting with their newfound sexualities, she almost lost her mind. She wasn’t against it, and they were three people trapped on a ship together by trade alone, but it just sort of reminded her how isolated she was. She was one of the very few creatures in the galaxy that had no interest in sex or reproductive relationships, but she understood them. She could tell this was something the idiots needed, and she didn’t mind letting them have their fun. Thank god their puppy-love phase was over, she didn’t know if she could ever handle that again. Sometimes, she really missed talking to someone else that understood her though. She missed Gamora. Sometimes, she even missed the good parts of her father.
“Mmh,” she gasped harshly against his mouth, kissing his him gently now that she wasn’t so desperate for him. He kissed her back, putting her leg down, and just standing there kissing her for a moment. He parted their kiss to bite her neck, his metal hand slapping her right thigh. She giggled hoarsely, playing with his bun.
“Just Nat. She’s letting me know the status of a few things on Earth. She says New Asgard is doing fine.”
He leaned down and pumped him a few times, trying to get him used to the idea. “You know why I’m down here right?”
When Quill was nice and clean and in fresh clothes, he found a bowl of soup waiting for him on the table. Star-Lord snatched up a soup bowl and tilted it back, chugging it down because tabs made one ravenously hungry.
“My suit? Which one? Can I see it?” Tony laughed as he ate the last appetizer on the platter. Before he knew it, they were having a good time. Their conversation turned more personal, and before long Tony had learned Steve grew up poor, won an award for art when he was younger, his dad died when he was young, and he helped his mom during The Great Depression by painting signs and window advertisements. He told Steve all about his rebellious younger days, about the real Jarvis, his time in college, and about his first robots. It didn’t take long for them to finish all the courses and dessert. It was after he made Steve laugh particularly hard that he realized they were done with their meal.
Looking at Tony, Peter decided to answer the door to just get it all over with. Besides! He’d really missed Steve. He’d began to think of him like an uncle…as weird as it was that he was even able to think of Captain America like an uncle after once trying to beat him with webs in Berlin.
. He’d think Dr. Stark would at least smile more warmly at him, let him know he feels differently about him than the rest of his patients somehow, but he’s always been a little distant more than anything, nothing at all like the way he acts around … everyone else …
“And is there anything else,” Tony asked, sliding his hand down the back of Steve’s thigh, just to bring it back up again, this time using his nails to leave red scratches in his wake. He swore he could hear the vibrations speed up as he did, “you want me to get from your toy box while I’m over there?”
He can’t, is the answer, and Steve notices the hot line of slick sliding down his thigh as they walk, feels the towel rub against what has to be his blatantly obvious erection with every step, but it’s like he doesn’t care at this point. The whole situation is designed to make him wetter than he’s ever been, and for once, he doesn’t have to fight. He can just give in. Which is such an overwhelming thought that he ends up letting Tony take some of his weight, even though he knows he shouldn’t; he’s taller than Tony and probably outweighs him by over forty pounds.
“Just a technicality.” Ah, sweet alcohol. It was one thing in his life he could always depend on. “Fury’s provided me with a chain of documentation that shows you didn’t want a Dom. It might get him in trouble since he was your Negotiator, but I doubt you’d press charges in the first place, and considering the circumstances, they’d probably just think he’d been overzealous and leave it at a slap on the wrist since things turned out the way they did. Still, the documentation would hold up in court, although considering who you are, if you’d told any judge that you wanted out of a contract, they’d—”
“You should take a nap; otherwise you’ll scare your parents when you land.  You know how you get when you’re tired.”
Steve remembered talking about fucking machines with Tony, not the conversation itself exactly but being in the shower with him, his throat a little achy from sucking Tony minutes before, his body still weak with pleasure. He remembered Tony telling him how the machine wouldn’t stop even when he himself was finished, and how flustered and aroused that had made him, how eager. It was a good memory. That whole day was one of his best.
Steve wishes he could focus on what Dr. Stark is saying, but how can he when his nipples and hole are
“Thank you.”  Tony drummed his fingers against his knee.  “In the interest of full disclosure, I should also probably warn you about the stripper poles.  Don’t worry though, I’ve told them no in-flight entertainment is needed today.”
Steve has always gotten excited during his exams, but it’s never been this bad before. He wants to blame it on whatever’s been bothering him, and maybe that’s true to a certain extent, but he knows most of it’s because of Dr. Stark.
It mattered, Steve realized, looking around the living room which was exactly the same as it’d been before he’d left a few days ago. There weren’t even empty spaces to mark where his things used to be, spots that Tony might’ve looked at that made him think about all the holes Steve would leave in his life when he was gone. How could there be when Steve had kept everything in his room? It probably hadn’t even taken long for Tony to pack his belongings. If Steve had moved more of his stuff to New York, maybe he would’ve come back while Tony was still gathering everything together, could’ve had time to talk to Tony before he’d completely made up his mind.
He did shift a little restlessly then, but he stopped as soon as he realized what he was doing. No one had ever rimmed him before. He’d known that people enjoyed it, but it was like trying to explain why ice cream was so delicious versus giving someone an ice cream cone and letting them discover it for themselves. There was just no comparison. More than once, he’d thought his legs were going to buckle from how good it’d been.
He’d wondered at first if it was Stark’s way of trying to get him to take up the slack in conversation. Steve hadn’t been much of a talker lately, he could admit that; but Stark had never seemed to be bothered before, and it wasn’t as if Steve was doing it on purpose. He just . . . didn’t have much to say.
“Mmm, let’s just keep going.  The chef said he’d make those cream puffs Steve likes so much, so we can munch on those while we’re waiting.  And before you ask, Happy, don’t worry, I told him to pack an extra box for you.”
“That’s just because I did all the work,” said another voice, and Steve glanced back quickly. He hadn’t even noticed Clint. “What’s up, Steve?”
“I have always been a firm believer that asking for forgiveness is a lot easier than getting permission, however, I have absolutely no doubt in my mind that Fury will take you away from me in a flat second if I send you off on your own. I don’t have a lot of rules, but you don’t put on the uniform without me; that is non-negotiable,” he told him and marvelled at the realization that of the two of them, he was being counted on to be the sensible one. What the ever-loving-fuck.
When dinner time had come and gone with still no sign of Tony, Steve finally decided to take action.
He just can’t believe what Tony’s willing to do for him. Even when he’d been fantasizing about Tony that morning, he’d never imagined something like this happening. He wants to tell Tony he doesn’t need it to become deliriously turned on. Tony’s biceps are more than enough.
So he threw himself into the kiss, unable to not get a little lost, and maybe he was more selfish than he’d initially planned to be as he tilted Steve’s head just so, memorized the soft clutch of Steve’s hair and the frantic beat of his pulse under his fingers, but he thought he could be forgiven, all things considered; and if not, he was beyond caring.
Tony’s voice when he’d said his name had made Steve pause, and the longer Steve looked at him, the paleness of his face, the stiffness of his shoulders, the more certain he became that Tony wasn’t doing well. One of the first things Tony had told him was that he wasn’t in the right headspace, but afterwards Steve had assumed he hadn’t meant it, had said it in a misguided attempt to make Steve feel better for apparently not being able to know his own limits.
Steve nodded to himself even though Rhodey couldn’t see him, “That’s great. I’m glad you let me know.”
“If she’s that important to you, then let’s go get her. Hey, Nebula! We might have another girl on the ship! That’s cool right?”
“I said, let me show you what a real date is like,” Tony’s heart was about to fall out of his ass which was unfortunate because he was also pulling this whole crazy idea out of his ass. “You’ve never had one, so I can show you how fun it is. Teach you a few things.”
Oh god, he couldn’t breathe. He gasped, looking down and watching as the water rushed ever closer. He gasped and noticed beside him Happy was hyperventilating. He couldn’t calm him while holding him like this. “Karen, call my dad! Call someone! We need help,” he caught his breath, slowing down and flying more vertically so that his thrusters would cushion their fall. All of a sudden he and Happy and the Captain fell into the thick expanse of the water, the massive waves sloshing them around. He  took one of his wrist bracelets off and slapped it on the captain. “Karen, give him a helmet, how are his vitals?” The tech went up the captain’s arm and a spider-helmet formed around his face, making an airtight seal around his neck and right arm. The new space metal he and Stark had been working on had the ability to convert carbon dioxide into oxygen under the right conditions. Even though it was a prototype, Karen reported it was working and his vitals were stable. He had no major injuries. Grabbing Happy, his own mask faded away and he tried looking the man in the eyes. Happy’s hair was crazy, there were tears in his eyes—probably more from the wind hitting him in the face so hard than terror—and he looked shocked, but not as frightened as Peter thought he’d be.
Steve turned them so Tony’s bottom was pushed against the table, and Tony’s mind only vaguely mused that they were making out like horny teenagers. He pressed the full-length of his torso against Steve’s. The air was hot and Tony was suddenly desperate, kissing like he was on some sort of time limit.
“Just wondering if Nat had any company. Wanted to let you know about that incident in St. Louis. It’s all good.”
“Mornin’ Cap,” Tony said, walking past him and eating some yakitori too. He wished everyone wasn’t here. He wanted to talk to him alone. But he sure did look cute this morning, what with his mussed blond hair and soft cotton blue shirt.
Thor’s eyes were wide and had more shine in them than they’d had in weeks, “Someone who was supposed to be dead.”
“Ah—oh,” Tony breathed, sliding his hand up to Rogers’ stomach and then slipping his fingers beneath the hem of his underwear. He pulled Steve free, grabbing the length of him in his hand and then looking down between them. How was he even surprised that Steve’s cock was so pretty and uncut? Of course it was. The model cock for the world’s most gorgeous super-soldier, as if he needed to be anymore attractive. It was large and nicely sized for such a large man, and Tony just wanted to kiss it. But he didn’t want to stop kissing Steve’s lips, no way. He gave him a slow pump, relishing the thick warm weight in his hand. Steve immediately moaned, moving against his fingers and then squeezing Tony in return.
Cap tilted his head back and moaned somewhere high in his vocal range, expression so pleasured it made Tony want to slap him for being so damn adorable. He reached up with one hand and grabbed the back of Steve’s head kissing him wetly as he ground their lower halves together. A noise escaped him too, god it just felt so good. They were both so hard he was certain it felt just as good for Cap. Vaguely, he wondered how far Steve had gotten with anyone else, but ultimately decided it didn’t matter. He reached between them and undid his own zipper, pulling his pants down to his thighs. Not breaking their lips apart at all, he reached down and undid Steve’s pants with one hand too, shoving his hand inside the warmth and palming him through his underwear. Steve held onto him, moaning between them and lightly moving into Tony’s hand. Tony got the lustiest butterflies he’d ever had as he continued to palm him, his own bottom being grabbed by Steve. The blond’s fingers rubbed and clenched his ass, until he seemingly got brave enough to just full on palm him back.
They got in an elevator and went to one of the residential floors. The residential floors had huge common areas and kitchens, and then there were hallways that led to each Avenger’s personal tiny apartment. Tony had his own room in the basement lab where he worked on projects since his money paid for everything.
Steve seemed to feel the same way because those arms that were wrapped around his hips descended and the blond jerked Stark’s jeans and underwear down until they fell to the floor. Tony’s member sprang free, exposed to the cold air. Giving Steve one last hard and sloppy kiss, Tony turned around and leaned his chest on the bar, biting his lip and grinning.
Steve nodded, “Yep. Horrible.” He stretched and leaned back on the couch, a heavy breath peacefully leaving him.
This chapter is a gratuitous chapter I’ve written because I just can’t get enough of Bucky and Nat together. This chapter does not progress the main story significantly, but it does give you a window into their life with each other. If you are not comfortable with M/F intimacy scenes or just don't like Bucky and Nat together, you can go ahead and skip it.
The pair were walking in the door, both of them laughing so adorably it made Tony feel many things at once. It had been a long time since he’d seen Steve laugh like that with his sweet eyes and easy smile. He could go from bad-ass to precious so quick it was infuriating.
Tony’s chest felt heavy. “Rogers,” he chuckled once, shaking his head. “You are.” Tony wondered if there was some dissonance happening with what Cap wanted and what his 1940s expectations told him were appropriate. “Unless you’re having second thoughts?”
“No,” Steve said, getting back into bed and just looking down at Tony. Tony looked up at him with a little suspicious eye-narrow. What did he want with a look like that? He didn’t have to wait long to find out as Steve leaned down and kissed him, straddling his hips and just sitting on his naked thighs, tongue softly parting Tony’s lips. Tony kissed him back, a hand coming to play with Steve’s hair. He could get used to this. He really loved this. Blowing Steve Rogers’ mind was his new favorite pastime. Maybe this time they’d both been too eager, but it had still been great.
The time away had not been kind to her either of them. Even though she was all smile and laughs and joy, her body told a different story. The woman had choppy short hair, barely an inch and half long. Her muscles were much more prominent than your average woman, and she was cut and battered in some places. She had a large scar going across her lips, and her clothes were war-torn. She had on a set of armor that looked like it was harvested from about four or five different non-matching sets of armor and she was nearly as tall as Thor.
He escaped in probably the most un-cool way he’d ever escaped a situation and took a tab, hoping it would knock him out until the morning, possibly forever, or at least until his face stopped burning.
Bucky looked up and then snorted. “Oh hell yeah. Go for it.” The two shared a smile and then a comfortable silence resumed between them as they idly tapped on their computers. It was broken only by Friday telling them Steve Rogers had returned to the compound.
For lunch Tony had ordered them all Italian food. By dinner, they had burgers. Happy stopped in to greet them each time he carted in their next meal. They didn’t see much of Tony, but that was alright. Bucky was pretty sure he was avoiding them.
“Well, it wasn’t too bad. Until some guy picked me up and demonstrated his severe disregard for traffic laws and passenger safety,” Steve was smiling.
Thor laughed sloppily as he downed the beer. The man had some sort of pseudo dreads going on and ate more than Quill. She wasn’t quite for sure how she’d gotten roped into the world’s most testosterone-filled pity party. Both of them had gotten kind of fat, but at least Quill let her cut his hair. They were a mess, it was pretty sad. All of Thor’s friends had died too, and on an Earth-check-up mission, the Asgardians had basically given the guy to them, begging them to help him somehow.
“Ohhhh, my God, I’m so proud of you! I was wondering when we’d have our first movie-quality awkward moment. I could cry.”
“Mr. Stark had them ordered from Oishi, a Japanese restaurant about twenty miles from here. Mr. Hogan delivered them.”
“Karen, are we being attacked?! I can’t see anybody!” Peter shouted, flying as far away from the plane as he could get. They were still high up in the sky, and pieces of debris flickered in the sunshine like little pieces of mirror around them. “Karen!?”
“We’re trying to be. I know this is a big news for you, and I didn’t want you to find out this way. I was going to tell you myself if Tony didn’t.”
Blinking once, Steve smirked and held up a hand in a calming gesture. “Good. I’m fine. And no, Peter, everything’s alright. Where’s Tony?”
He could tell by way Steve was kissing him that he was more relaxed and sated, either with this whole situation or just in the moment. Tony didn’t know, and he didn’t care, all he cared about was that Steve Roger’s was straddling him and kissing him like no one else existed, and he couldn’t get enough of it.
Cap’s frantic thrusts grew more shallow and he suddenly grabbed Tony by the waist and pulled himself so far inside of him Tony thought he might actually die it was so good. Steve’s breath hitched and he growled Tony’s name long and slow as he came, hips grinding hard into Tony’s ass even though his dick couldn’t possibly get any deeper. Tony gasped at the feeling of all that warmth spilling inside him and he let his forehead thump on the bar, nearly whimpering from the feeling of being so full and hot. “Oh, mmh,” he panted, continuing to move his ass against Steve’s until the blond abruptly pulled out, leaving him a complete whine bag. “The fuck, babe,” he complained, turning to look at him. Just as he did, Steve grabbed him and kissed him hard, chest heaving. He grabbed Tony and turned him, picking his body up and sitting his ass on the bar top. When he closed the distance, he reached down between them and shoved himself right back inside since he wasn’t fully soft yet, half-lidded gaze never leaving Stark’s. Tony shut his eyes, feeling them want to roll from the sheer naughty and delicious as hell sensation coursed through him. Steve began pistoning into him again, the softening of his member barely mattering due to his sheer girth. Steve reached between them and rapidly began to pump Tony’s throbbing and leaking member, fist tight. He kept the brunet in place by holding onto one of his sides, and with that, it didn’t take much longer before Tony was crying out Steve’s name and spilling his come all over the Captain America uniform.
“Steve,” he panted against his lips, breaking their kiss and kiss-biting his way down Steve’s jaw. Steve let Tony suck and bite at the warmest, softest part of his neck, rubbing Tony’s sides. “I want to show you something new.”
“I’m sorry Tony I should’ve told you. I don’t like to talk about this sort of thing. I didn’t mean for you to see that.” Steve held his arms closer to himself, still not looking away from Tony’s face. “Thank you for checking on me.”
Tony suddenly barked at hearing his very English assistant curse. "Really? Was that the night I drank those whiskey gummy bear shooters?"
Especially how much he was enjoying life right now. He had his best friend back and Nat. There was really nothing else in the entire world Bucky had ever wanted. Whether or not he felt like he deserved how happy his life was didn’t matter.
Tony’s toes curled at the feeling and he wiggled his hips at the loss, already wishing for rounds two through four, “Oh yeah. You sick, truthful fuck…”
There was radio silence from Tony, which was on purpose, because he knew it’d make Cap anxious on his behalf. Messing with Spangles was one of Tony’s favorite past times, even in times of crisis. He saw the other man with his hand up to his earpiece. His iconic shield was on one arm and god he was the picture of sickening patriotism. Oh well, patriotism had made Stark a shitload of money. Now, he slept better at night knowing he wasn’t making weapons for the army anymore, but even after Stark Industries had gone full tech, his company was still seen as a hallmark brand of the USA. He didn’t necessarily like being the government’s lapdog, but at least he could cry himself to sleep on a bed of congressman’s money. The thought made him smirk as he walked toward the edge of a building. Steve couldn’t see him, so his dramatic entrance would be particularly legendary this time.
“Of course not. I’m fine,” he said, knowing that if he were to turn his head it would be so simple to just kiss Steve. He could kiss him. He was right there, he could feel his breath warming the side of his neck and shoulder.
Tony blinked, looking at the other man’s large, strong hand and nodded. “Yeah, ditto.” Once the warmth of Cap’s hand and blue-eyed gaze was gone, he felt like he could breathe again. It should be illegal for humans to go around looking and acting as sweet as that 1940s d-hole.
That noise that he’d heard escape Cap’s lips that night echoed in his brain and he straightened up. “Whatever, I need a shower. You leaving?”
Cap turned and grabbed the side of Tony’s neck, smooshing their faces together and kissing him sweetly. Tony had just meant to give him a little smooch, but Steve’s kiss was so good and comforting he couldn’t deny himself the feeling. Tony parted his lips to breathe, and the moment he did Cap gently slipped his tongue through the space, making their kiss so wet and personal, Tony was nearly in pain at how hard his dick throbbed. The way Steve’s tongue moved with his felt so naughty and perfect, he made a soft sound, sliding the hand on his bicep up to the back of Cap’s head. Tony didn’t want it to stop, so he kept kissing. Steve kept kissing right back.
“I’ve got to leave soon, I’d really love to stay, but duty calls,” Tony said, licking his fingers and trying hard to pretend Cap’s gaze didn’t have a physical weight to it.
Steve Rogers was standing on a roadblocked street in his full Captain America gear, careful eyes scanning the roads. Steve, Tony, and Nat had all been deployed from Avengers Tower to deal with a horde of terrorists wielding contraband Chitauri alien weapons. The terrorists were humans, but they were angry with the government and had been trying to destroy anyone and anything that had political significance in New York City…which happened to be quite a few things. Nat was off trying to find their base of operations while Steve and Tony worked with ground forces stop the carnage while limiting the loss of human life as much as possible.
He liked feeling Caps’ eyes on him as he cooked. Recently, he could have sworn the air was thicker between them whenever they were in the same room. It didn’t help that he was now not-so-discreetly flirting with Cap on a regular basis. He even did so in public. It really did seem like Cap was flirting with him too, but he was pretty sure that Cap couldn’t tell the difference either way. Or maybe he could if Rochester was anything to go by. God damn, he wished he could forget that whole night.
Eventually, Tony screeched his the car all the way into the inner city. He slowed down and then took a turn down a street that led to a rather inconspicuous-looking parking garage at the base of a huge hotel. It was a gorgeous building, and this parking area was reserved for celebrities and rich people like him. He used to come here a lot. Still did alone sometimes.
“Huh! Learn something new every day. I know lots of phrases in a lot of languages. Most of them would probably hurt your 1940s sensibilities.”
“So when were you guys gonna tell me you were seeing each other?” Peter said, seriously. Both Steve and Tony were now awake and sitting on the end of the bed.
“You would have conveniently found a prototype I left in its place.” Tony knew the stealth suit and the suit he wore when they helped save Sokovia were the last suits Cap had left that weren’t destroyed to hell.
Even though they were smelly, annoying, loud, and obnoxious, she knew that without those two idiots eating space chips in the cockpit, she’d be lost in the galaxy, and unendingly lonely. Somewhere she took joy in taking care of them and joining the space crusades. She liked being a good guy. She liked this life. She just missed those who used to be in it. They all did. Whenever she’d sleep at night, she’d go to happier times, replaying recent memories of Gamora over and over.
One of the aliens tackled him out of nowhere, teeth ripping into his shoulder. He shouted, immediately shooting the thing until stopped moving, but then two more were on him. Quill was dog-piled with three or four aliens, all trying to frantically punch, bite, or kick him. Just as he felt one’s teeth sink into his upper thigh, he heard the familiar woosh of a large object coming toward them. Stormbreaker burst through the huddle, and as Thor called it back, it sliced through them again. Thor ran to him, grabbing up the axe and slicing a few of their heads off. He reached down and hauled Quill up shouting, “I left you for sixty seconds, Quill!”
Tony was in the best shape of his life, he somehow had his best friend back, and had a kid who thought the world of him. Even though the Avengers had failed, he felt happier than he had in a long time. If he was anyone else he might have felt guilty about how satisfied with his life he was, but he didn’t, he was past that.
“Watch it and see, if you give a little more than you’re asking for,” and in a funny high pitched voice, “Your love will turn the key, ah ahh ah ahhh…” he happily nodded his head, moving his arms with the beat. He continued to hum the tune until he was full-on singing it, not even caring wherever the heck Thor went, this was one of his most favorites. His mama and him would sing it together when she was making breakfast sometimes. The song just genuinely made him very happy.
Thor was sitting in the captain’s chair, hand messing with his beard, eyes hard and set on the viewing window.
Tony grabbed a massive bowl of snacks, escaping to the elevator. “Can’t chat, got a super important Skype call. See you guys for lunch, come hungry,” he said not telling them that the call was actually to Peter.
Chuckling, Stark met Peter’s sheepish eyes in the rearview mirror. “No, we’re not there yet.” Peter noticed there was a glossy quality to Tony’s eyes, even though his mouth was smirking.
“Depends. This one can change color. I think I’ll have it in my classic Mark 3 colors since that one was my favorite. This one is something else though Steve.”
“You know Nat. She worries. I know he doesn’t talk to you, but man he hasn’t been talking to me either. I can’t go check on him. I’m busy, and I know you just got back…but listen, I’m in no position to ask you this Steve, but I’m more than a little worried about him.”
Steve’s fingers guided Tony’s chin up so their lips could meet in a light kiss. Tony tilted his head and kissed him back, pressing harder than Cap was. He pulled away, huffing, and then stood up and crawled in bed. Cap joined him when Friday dimmed the lights. Tony felt a pair of big arms wrap around him, pulling him into being the little spoon. He’d allow it, since it felt so good having his best friend and lover’s body up against him like this. He did end up sleeping much better.
Tony pointed at the menu. “Get whatever you want. I think you’ll really like the bourguignon. And I’m ordering us a bottle of wine, do you like white or red?”
again.” Peter had given Quill a whole plethora of movies on a big drive the last time they’d visited, something he’d been taking advantage of everyday since.
“That’s the Captain’s job? Oh, then I say we go. Aye Quill?” Thor leaned back looking over his shoulder at Star-Lord in a mock-serious fashion.
He heard Steve make a quiet noise somewhere between a moan and a sigh. The sound was so small and god damn beautiful he took a step back saying, “What the fuck,” mostly against will.
“I’d like to try it,” Steve said, just breathing softly and looking as gorgeous as ever on his bed. Oh, yay.
Steve tilted his head a tad, looking around. Who was Jarvis? He wondered if that was the man's name. Then, he noticed as the man got closer, he had an interesting piece of technology over his ear. Oh! It was that new wireless phone he'd seen on the internet. “It’s no problem. I knew I could get to it pretty quickly.”
“Yes!” Thor turned to him, grinning and slapping a fist on his own leg. “She travelled with me and the Warriors Three! She is a feared Asgardian, and one of my mighty friends that helped me protect the realms. Loki told me he’d banished her and hadn’t heard from her since. She’s been presumed to be dead after all of…well you know…Anyway, she’s alive, I can’t believe it,” he said, voice filled with joy. Quill smirked, nodding and shrugging.
Peter watched Tony leave his room and hopped up to follow. Sometimes when he saw one of the few Lego sets he’d kept on his shelf, and they’d remind him of everything he didn’t like to think about. Peter didn’t like to think about how long he waited in an empty house, foolishly hoping May would come home as he ate whatever he could find in the pantries, playing alone with Legos and watching old DVDs. Finally, he’d broke down and frantically called Happy, crying so hard that by the time Happy got there he’d thrown up three times and had been passed out for who-knows-how-long. This whole life felt like a dream, but it wasn’t always a nightmare.
Steve nodded, “Yeah.” It was the first time they’d seen the Guardians in months, and it was the first time all of them had been in the same room even longer. Peter’s birthday wasn’t something  that Okoye or Captain Marvel really cared about, but they had been invited anyway. They didn’t come of course because they were too busy, but hey, that was fine. Tony’s heart felt full as he watched Peter laugh—then snort soda out of his nose at something Quill said. Peter began to whine that the soda burned, laughing hysterically and then Quill was laughing and both of them were just holding each other’s arms and laugh-crying.
sliding the blankets a little higher so they almost cover the lower half of his face, in letting Dr. Stark’s scent envelop him and keep him safe.
“Big man in a suit of armor. Take that off, what are you?” he asked, using his height to loom over Tony.
“My fault,” Tony murmured against his skin, and really, was dinner that important? They could always eat afterward. “I shouldn’t have worn you out.” he said, pulling back, a sly smile tugging at his lips.
Was this really the man he’d become? The type who kept pushing to get what he wanted, even when it hurt other people? He’d known that Tony needed time to recover, but instead of waiting, he’d kept trying to explain, to convince Tony he deserved one more chance, and Steve hated himself for it—hated even more the part of him that thought he should
If he masturbated now, it’d help him fall asleep, which meant he’d be in better shape when he saw Tony. Plus, he could get it out of his system and spend the plane ride figuring out his next steps. Wouldn’t that be a better use of his time?
That was how he realized how he felt about Lisa, when Heather’s scar became so tiny, it was almost invisible.  Lisa had the sweetest smile he’d ever seen.  With her, he learned just how soft a woman’s body could be, and they stayed together until freshman year of college when distance finally tore them apart and left three vicious scars on his torso.
It wasn’t as if Steve hadn’t known Stark liked to switch upon occasion. It’d been there in his file, laid out alongside everything else.
Steve was so warm. It was something Tony had noticed before, but it hadn’t mattered as much as whatever they’d been doing at the time, sparring or hugging or whatever. So what if Steve’s temperature ran a little high? With his face in Tony’s hands, however, with Tony’s tongue in his mouth, it was difficult to ignore. Steve was so fucking warm, and it made every part of him not touching Steve feel cold in comparison.
“Please, Steve?” he asks, and he’s not above busting out the puppy dog eyes, which he reserves for just these kinds of special occasions.  Steve says he looks ridiculous, but it’s not like Tony hasn’t noticed the correlation between him employing the eyes of doom and Steve giving in to whatever he wants.
“What’s your name?” he asks in between kisses, because he’s tired of referring to him as “his Angel,” even though it’s true. He can’t imagine wanting anyone else, ever again, and maybe that’s crazy, but he doesn’t care.
But there’s barely a wobble in Tony’s stride, annnnd now Steve’s thinking about Tony’s dangerously thick thighs and invitingly broad chest, and okay, there’s the very real possibility that he’s going to have to steam clean his carpet if they don’t start walking faster. Tony just feels so good against him, completely clothed while Steve’s virtually naked—although it’d be so easy for Tony to tug on the towel and correct that, to tell Steve he needs to see everything and that the towel is in his way, that he—
“Sit down,” Tony said, and Steve forced himself to take even steps to the machine. From the side, it looked like a car seat, or a dentist’s chair, but as Steve got closer, he realized that there wasn’t a bottom for him to sit on, more like supports or a cradle that ran from the base of the lower back and thickened into the chair legs with open space in between, through which he could see the dildo beneath. It looked even more intimidating at this distance, and Steve quickly averted his eyes as he got into position. The seat was inclined back with the legs parallel to the floor but bent at the knee, and he had to swing his right leg over, because there were sides along the inside of each leg, although oddly enough, not the outside.
Dr. Stark clears his throat. “I was going to actually skip the chest exam, but your nipples look swollen. Do you mind?”
“What?  I was just curious.  It’s not like I was going to take Natasha’s body for a spin around the block or anything.  I mean, if we’re pointing fingers here, she’s not exactly one to talk what with going to the bathroom and everything!  And don’t tell me there wasn’t any inappropriate touching or looking,” he said, eyeing her, “because no one will believe you.”
“Being on my knees for you is the only thing I’ve managed to get right in the last few days,” Steve said, letting his hands fall to reveal the twist of his lips.
By the expression on her face, Nurse Sara probably thought Stark was being rude, and a few days ago, Steve might have even agreed, even as he railed against having Stark there. Now, however, he saw it for what it was: Stark was trying to give him what privacy he could.
When Dr. Stark grabs his stool and sits down, when he turns on the light and points it between Steve’s legs, Steve’s ass clenches down so hard that he panics for a second that he’s about to orgasm—but then the feelings passes, leaving Steve trembling and breathing harder than he should, his fingers digging into the leather.
, Tony, I’m going to come,” he moaned, head swimming with pleasure. He halfheartedly tried to crawl forward on his forearms, but Tony nipped at his buttock in reprimand and followed him, pushing his tongue into Steve’s already stretched hole, licking his insides and squirming deeper.
“Get out,” Stark said, jerking the earbuds out, the music blaring. He moved forward until he could push his way between Steve and the doctor, bumping into Steve’s knees in the process and forcing Dr. Reynolds to take a few steps back.
He honestly doesn’t know how he still has one. If anything, it’s even harder than it was a few minutes ago, which makes no sense.
Tony was teasing and hadn’t meant what he’d said in a bad way. But it was still fuel to the embers of guilt that had been steadily burning for days. Of course Tony would think the worst of him. Why wouldn’t he? He had every reason to—
Steve did as instructed. Whatever happened, he’d brought it upon himself and Tony was giving him a chance to make up for everything he’d done. No one had ever died of embarrassment, and Tony was going to be there the whole time. He was going to be fine.
Last night, Tony had sat there, mostly passive as Steve had brought him to orgasm. Today, however, Tony was the one directing things, tilting Steve’s head just so with the hand in his hair and fucking his mouth slowly, the muscles of his thighs tensing and relaxing under Steve’s hands. Tony didn’t give him the chance to kiss or lick or do anything other than be someplace warm for Tony’s cock.
He’d practiced the speech tens of times because he’d kept having to pause at certain moments to collect himself, and while he knew that he had to be the face of the world’s gratitude and loss, he refused to break down and make a spectacle of his misery. So he’d practiced and practiced until he could get through to the end without a single misstep, and all that repetition meant that his mouth formed the appropriate words without him on the day itself.
This time, however, he couldn’t help but think that maybe it’d be alright to do something specifically for himself.
He inhaled sharply, squeezing his eyes tighter. He couldn’t seem to swallow around the blockage in his throat, and he worried that Tony had be getting impatient—
The issue with telling Steve that he’d help him was that Steve seemed to think Tony was going to tell him to do something new or, at the very least, different than what he’d been doing before. But Tony didn’t want new or different. What he wanted was for Steve to be as happy and certain in their relationship as he’d been before everything had happened.
popped into his head again, and maybe it was a good thing Tony couldn’t see his face, he thought, his cheeks flaming. Although if Tony were looking at his cock, he’d know he was thinking of something.
“Thank you,” Steve whispers into his shoulder a minute or so later, and Tony’s not sure for what. For the experience maybe, or for the incredible orgasm, or for just keeping him from falling, who knows, but it’s nice to hear nonetheless, and Tony presses a kiss to head in reply.
Not that he was complaining about the hugs, because he loved them. He just hadn’t expected Tony to take things so slowly.
“Just to make sure you’re doing alright. I’m going to be in the room too but over there,” Tony said, pointing to the side, and Steve hadn’t even noticed the workstation there when they’d entered. He nodded again, looking down, and folded his hands together, squeezing them tightly, trying to tamp down some of the panic that had welled up at the thought that Tony was going to abandon him.
“Mr. Stark, it wasn’t a one-time thing,” Dr. Strange said, frowning. “First Law of Thermodynamics, energy can neither be created nor destroyed. Magic is very similar in that once a spell has been cast, it can’t be uncast or made void, just altered into a new form. The Captain’s sacrifice meant that you could change back into a human, not that you would stop being a wolf. You’re just able to choose when that happens now, although I wouldn’t allow too much time to pass. The wolf will want a chance to be free, and if you don’t give it one, it might decide to take one instead.”
Steve watched him go, wondering who he was calling and what it was about; and what it meant for him.
He knew a lot of Doms didn’t give credence to it, but Subs were just as interested in the social hierarchy as they were, more so since a Sub’s life and lifestyle was so dependent on their Dom.  Some of them would take any excuse to put down any potential competition, even someone like him that no Dom would glance twice at since he was too sickly to be worth the effort.
Strucker and his entire team of Hydra loyalists were locked away in The Vault. Tony had tweaked the Avengers’ Communicards so that Nick Fury wouldn’t be able to track them easily, much to the displeasure of him.
The team was seated in the living room after a filling lunch. Linda insisted they tried her meatball spaghetti, which she prepared. They liked it. It was delicious and just the meal they needed to placate their famished stomachs. After this, Clint suggested they had a “house tour” so that they could get to know their hideout better. Both Kayla and Linda agreed to this.
Natasha wanted to giggle. She made attempts, which made milk splatter around her cheeks. Tony took away the bottle, which was a mistake because she simply spat out more milk, all over Tony. She let out a loud scream-giggle and clapped her hands.
Later at night, Tony found himself practicing his module with Thor, with the rest of his housemates and Steve as an audience.
“I use that to call lightning and cast it onto the bad people,” Thor replied. “If I swing it fast and right, I can also achieve the state of flight.”
Tony knocked on his father’s office door, three times. He opened it slowly after he heard his dad telling him to come in.
Steve looked around the table and realized that he was the odd one out. Even Natasha was wearing something shorter than what he was wearing.
“I hope this works,” he mumbled to himself. He stretched out his palm. “I got to get him out, please work.”
The others were about to stop him, but Steve stopped them instead. He allowed Tony to go to the Hulk. The Hulk turned to look at little Tony, and his look softened. He went closer to the little boy.
It was 8pm. The night was getting colder. But this didn’t stop the team from relaxing outside the house. They were gathered at the backyard. Bruce, Natasha, Clint and Wanda were on the swing set. They were talking and seemed very relaxed.
The stone was nearer to the stairs. And there were two babies seated near it. Steve gasped. He felt like he had seen enough, all his teammates de-aging and leaving him alone. He felt alone now; with the quinjet in stealth mode, thanks to Tony Stark, he couldn’t go back to the Tower to get help. He couldn’t send a signal to the Tower either, because according to Bruce,
He was wearing Bermuda shorts and a soft cotton t-shirt, just like the guys. Natasha was wearing a three-quarter track pants and a tank top. Her hair was brushed back neatly, secured into a fine ponytail.
Unknown to them, Tony had heard the tail end of this conversation as he was standing at the entrance of the gym. He agreed with Sam on needing to talk it out with Steve. But there was always some sort of barrier there; right, Bruce loved calling it the palpable sexual tension.
“We’re okay. Just tired,” Clint replied. “Oh and meet King of Wakanda T’Challa also known as Black Panther, Vision our android, Colonel James Rhodes, War Machine and Scott who is Ant-Man.”
“Sharon Stone!” Steve exclaimed, pointing to her star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. “Bucky’s favorite actress!”
Natasha could sense Tony quoting his dad’s exact words. She gritted her teeth, wishing they were transported back into time so that she could knock some sense into Howard Stark.
“Mjolnir is protecting Tony,” Thor said firmly. He ran and grabbed the assistant that was firing at Tony. Both of them fell right down the big hole, and Clint heard a lot of screams emerge from below them.
“Well, that guy neither booked my table nor is paying for my food. So, he can go fuck himself,” Clint rolled his eyes and said it a bit loudly. The others at the table laughed at that.
“I’m here because you’re a walking fashion disaster!” Janet glared at Tony light-heartedly. “Your shirt is in and out and you’re wearing it on the wrong side!”
“Friday, wake me up in 4 hours. I still need to finish up Clint’s shit and then meet Reed later,” Tony ordered before knocking out.
Tony choked on his own saliva and opened his eyes. He turned to face Steve, with both his eyebrows raised.
Speaking of which, the genius was really tired. He had been up all night upgrading his own suit, and also tweaking a few things on Black Widow’s bites. He only managed to fall asleep at 4am, and was woken up by the love of his life, Steve Rogers, at 7am.
Both Peter and Tony got up and adjusted themselves. Peter quickly hid behind Tony’s legs when he saw Thor.
Hawkeye fired an electro-arrow straight into the portal. There was a sudden charge of electricity, which stopped the Frost Giants from coming out for a few seconds. He fired an explosive arrow right after that. Some of the Frost Giants fell back into the portal. Others partially melted.
“Why? Because I came down to the lab?” Tony wiped his tears. He was still trying to stop laughing. “You told me so much about the stone! I was only trying to look for cracks, which are present. The outer layer of the stone is grey but deep inside, it’s purple. That’s unique you know.”
“Alright everyone,” Jarvis walked out of the kitchen carrying a tray. He carefully placed it on the coffee table in front of Tony and his friends. “Ana, my wife, made crepes for you all. So, these are basic ones, the Nutella ones and strawberry ones.” There must have been at least 21 crepes laid out beautifully on the plates.
He showed the Doctor to the back door. A heavy breeze settled in the neighborhood. Doctor Strange’s cloak was flailing wildly, while Steve dug out the stone. Linda had brought the shovel for him. He dug out carefully, to not accidentally crack the stone using force.
They all entered the house. The house seemed cozy. There was a very short corridor which led to the stairs from the entrance. On the right side of the house, there was a sofa set which was big and full of cushion. The kitchen was on the left. It was fully open with no door to it. There was a door right beside the kitchen. There was another door at the back of the house.
The door opened. A girl, in her mid-twenties, was holding the door. She was wearing jeans and a white crop top. Her face lit up when her eyes met that of Tony Stark’s.
“So, you really like Captain America?” Natasha asked, with an eyebrow raised. At this time, Clint had joined them. So, Tony was seated between the two super spies.
When Tony shut the door and changed into his PJs, Steve was already asleep. And Tony let out a chuckle when he heard Steve snore.
“To our ride,” Tony replied. He took out the device which looked like a small remote control and pressed one of the buttons.
“Hey,” Clint piped up after eating the last piece of strawberry. “Jarvis suggested we use the pool.”
“They’re finally here!” Jessica Jones shouted to Luke Cage over the roar of the jet engines. She was fighting near the portal opened at 186 Bleecker Street.
In this story, Clint is not married. He is single and loves food and coffee, like in the comics and cartoon.
While waiting for the two super spies, Tony found himself telling Steve about his school, and about how he was the smartest kid there. Hence, he barely made any friends. He told him about eating ice cream with Jarvis on warm afternoons, about the trip to the beach he had with Jarvis and Ana. He also mentioned that his aunt Peggy visited him all the time, and she always told him stories about Captain America. He said at times when Howard got really abusive, aunt Peggy was there to defend him. Tony grinned at the end of sharing some things with Steve; which adult Tony obviously hadn’t shared.
“Okay, so I had to build a new suit for this,” Tony told him once they’re on the ground, casually, like wasn’t important that he’d spent millions—billions?—on something specifically for Steve.
like he’s harboring any diabolic plans, however, and Steve’s brain is hazily reassuring him he would never have gone to sleep in the company of someone
“Really?  How long have you been working here?” Steve asked as he passed over his keys, a level of interest in his voice that went beyond curiosity, even factoring Tony’s joke.
Pepper always told him he had the sensitivity of a gnat, but even Tony could tell from the way Steve was practically vibrating with the effort to stay in place that he really wanted no part of the conversation they were having.  Tony could sympathize.  It wasn’t like he wanted to share sex secrets with
It was difficult getting his breath back in that position, but there was something comforting about having the ottoman against his front, the pressure of it across his chest and the way it forced his head to the side, even though it left his back bare. Maybe Tony was going to beat him, he thought, as he remembered the empty space where the computer used to be. Maybe Tony would beat him until he was bloody and Tony had worked out all his anger on Steve’s body and then Tony would hold him and tell him he was forgiven.
And while Steve acknowledged that he didn’t deserve any of that from Tony, he couldn’t give up the certainty of Tony’s affections. He’d built a whole life for himself on that foundation, and even when Steve had worried Tony was hiding things from him, he hadn’t doubted that Tony cared.
“What did I tell you about not being hung up on reciprocity?” Tony asked, standing up to shut the water off and then opening the shower door. “Trust me, I’m not one for quiet suffering. I’ll let you know when I want you to do something, alright?” Or he would anyway, when Steve was able to handle it.
“Soulmates are of the utmost importance in my society. When one of us turns twenty-five, if we haven’t met our Soulmate by then, we develop an inner sense of where they might be, and we go on pilgrimage to find them.”
So it was for SHIELD’s sake that he was standing outside one Steve Roger’s door.  Because Tony didn’t want to be the cause of so much destruction.  He was doing them a favor really.
“No, I mean, he might not have responded yet, but if he weren’t interested at all, he’d say something.”
There was no doubt that just listening to Tony explain what Steve was going to do was enough to set his body ablaze with shame, and while it wasn’t what Steve had envisioned, maybe committing himself to being a puppy, abasing himself for Tony and throwing away the last of his pride, would show just how sorry he was.
It was just that Tony had wanted Steve back when things between them had been tense and difficult, had wanted him even after he’d left, and Steve knew that Tony probably didn’t lo—didn’t—Steve knew—he
"Sometimes," he says cautiously, because he's not sure where Tony's going with this, and he's learned by now not to blindly agree to anything Tony proposes.  The one time with the watermelons and the golf clubs had been enough, thanks.
He liked Tony though.  Liked his biting humor, his confidence, the way he smiled and moved.  Liked him maybe a little bit too much to be honest, but definitely not enough to get him in trouble.  He checked.  Every morning he’d wake up and force himself to stare in the mirror, would eye Peggy’s scars and made sure they were just as dark and long as they’d been the day before.
So it shouldn’t hurt to stand outside Steve’s door and just . . . smell him a little bit. Just. Just smell him.
"You know," Tony said, staring at the handcuffs that tied them together, "you had me at hello, so this was really unnecessary."
He wasn’t surprised when Tony didn’t answer, because what was there to say? But it hit him as he watched Tony get smaller how much it must have hurt Peggy to have him disappear the way he had, to be the one left behind and realize only at the end how much sacrifice war demanded of a person. How it kept taking and taking until there was nothing left to give.
He does feel a little bad that Dr. Stark went out of his way when Steve’s not even cold anymore. He can understand why Dr. Stark might’ve gotten the wrong impression since he’s only wearing a sheet, he’d been shivering nonstop while Dr. Stark had been touching him, and his nipples are still so erect that he’s afraid they’re planning to stage a revolt. Nonetheless, he’s actually pretty warm from how riled up he’d gotten earlier and is getting warmer by the second as Dr. Stark shakes the blankets out, the fact that Dr. Stark noticed and did something to fix his supposed problem making Steve want to preen at how well Dr. Stark is taking care of him. It’s ridiculous considering Dr. Stark probably would’ve done the same for any omega on his table, but knowing that doesn’t change how Steve feels.
“Go—go slowly,” he gasps once it’s all the way in, and Dr. Stark murmurs something, but Steve can’t focus enough to pay attention.
No, no, Dr. Stark would definitely have closed the door if there were someone else around. Doctors are all about patient privacy.
The next minute or so is taken up with questions, but luckily, Dr. Stark doesn’t ask anything that requires more than a nod or a shake of his head. He had the first time they met, had tried to strike up an actual conversation that had resulted in stilted answers and long silences, but he’s learned since then, for which Steve is incredibly grateful. He can’t even begin to imagine what Dr. Stark thinks about him, never lets himself wonder—except for the times he can’t stop himself, when he’s riding his favorite toy and remembering the feel of Dr. Stark’s fingers pushing into him. Then he can’t help but dwell on what kind of thoughts Dr. Stark must have about the omega who spreads his legs so wide for him and who tries so desperately not to make any kind of noise when the speculum opens him up; who fails every time.
Many, many thanks as always to MetaAllu who read over this for me and convinced me to add another 1,000 words. You rock, bb.
get out of this,” he said, giving Steve another squeeze, “but it wouldn’t be in your best interests. Accelerated healing or not, no one wants broken bones.”
“Is that so? Then I’ll just have to try harder,” Tony said, moving back, his hand sliding around to Steve’s stomach, dangerously close to his trapped erection.
Stark would come with him. They were going to discuss his health. The nurse and doctor would both be touching him. He and Stark had just contracted. It would have been strange if Stark
“—a light breakfast and then use this,” Tony said, gesturing at a box Steve hadn’t noticed. “We’ll get started as soon as you’re ready.”
Steve had learned that it was actually a common practice to let a Sub have a space he could call his own without the presence of his Dom, but Steve couldn’t help but feel guilty—guiltier—because he’d never let Tony know that a knock wouldn’t be unwelcome. One part of him knew that it wasn’t something that he should really feel bad about, because what else was asking Tony to try again but an invitation into Steve’s life? The larger part, however, felt like it was just one more way that he’d failed Tony, because Steve had never explicitly told Tony that he wanted to be in his bed or have Tony in his every night, had just assumed that Tony would know. The problem, however, was that his assumptions had never taken into account Tony being angry enough to want him to leave.
“Oh.  Sure,” Steve said, and Tony glanced over at the odd tone in his voice, but Steve wasn’t looking at him, was staring down at his plate.
Tony took a deep breath, his hands clasped together, knuckles white with tension. “Do you want to end our relationship?” he asked evenly, instead of the
“You should—” He cleared his throat. “You should go to bed,” he said, but he didn’t move from where he was. He kept trying to look up, but his eyes were drawn over and over to the space between Tony’s thighs, to where his undershirt had shifted so that Steve could see the curve of Tony’s penis in his underwear, the cloth stretched tight.
Steve couldn’t seem to stop staring at Tony, no matter how many times he told himself to turn away. They weren’t contracted anymore? Tony wasn’t—he wasn’t his Dom?
Steve has to swallow twice, his throat making a clicking noise each time, before he manages to ask, “Y-you want to do … what?”
“So I know you just had your semi-annual exam a few weeks ago, but I’m going to go ahead and make sure nothing’s changed, alright?”
Why did they pick coffee again? If they’d gone with dinner, he could’ve invited Tony in afterwards, seen how things went, but he can’t really ask Tony if he wants to come in for a drink after he just had a cup of coffee. It’s way too obvious, and the last thing he wants is for Tony to think he’s only interested in getting him into bed as soon as possible. (Even if he’s definitely interested in getting Tony into bed as soon as possible. It’s just not the only thing he’s interested in.)
So three months.  Yeah, he could do that.  And not for a place on the Avengers.  He could care less about that, although the expression on Fury’s face when he told him so might be worth the hassle all by itself.  And he wasn’t going to do it for Steve Rogers, because Steve was a sanctimonious prick, whose pretty face and gorgeous body and tight buns of steel—okay, okay, maybe a little bit for Steve Rogers.  Primarily though, he was doing it for Captain America, because no matter what Tony thought about him now that he’d met him, no one deserved to be locked up and told when they could eat and sleep and go out—at least, not without them agreeing to it beforehand—least of all someone who’d gotten his ass kicked by war, and been left frozen for seventy years, and whose friends and family were all dead and buried, and who Tony had once admired.
Although … maybe Tony did, Steve thought dully, remembering Tony coming in that morning, the way Tony seemed to look past him, and who could blame him?
“There haven’t been.  Any other Doms,” Steve said, like the words were being dragged out of his mouth.
Which isn’t bad, of course! It’s just … Steve’s always been the one to push things forward, from broaching the idea of going out to … well, to propositioning him on their first date, and alright, maybe that’s a little fast. And fine, Tony did have the whole legal issue of not hitting on his patient to keep him from saying anything, which Steve completely understands.
Stark had only ever managed to hit him solidly once—and how he had crowed, so delighted with himself—but there was no way to avoid the marks from when Stark struggled to get free from his holds, elbows jabbing at soft tissue, fingers gouging in where they could. Last night had left him with even more, his weight completely supported by Stark’s arms and chest, the metal digging into him. He didn’t know if it helped or hurt their situation that he wore them on his skin, and he didn’t want to see Dr. Reynold’s expression as he examined them, didn’t want to see him so close up at all.
“Well,” he says, swallowing and rubbing sweaty palms on his jeans, “I can’t very well ask my doctor on a date now, can I?”
For my “mind control” (cap_ironmang bingo) and “not really dead” (avengers_tables) squares.  Title from the poem “Do Not Stand at My Grave and Weep” by Mary Elizabeth Frye.
“Steve,” she said, setting down her notebook. “They can’t just void your contract. You would’ve had to give permission to revoke it unless Mr. Stark wanted to be in breach, which would leave him open for litigation.”
Steve wouldn’t say that he’d been in love with Tony. He’d admired him a great deal, worried about him, cared for him. He’d betrayed him too, and oddly, it’s the memory of how Tony had looked at him in Siberia that gave him nightmares for a solid few months after Tony’s death. Not that he didn’t find himself remembering Tony in his last moments, lingering on the way his skin had burned and cracked and the vacant shine of his eyes, but it was Siberia that seemed to haunt Steve the most now. All of his regrets piling higher and higher.
“I’ll text you with the details for tomorrow,” Tony said, already heading for the door.  While Steve would’ve liked to think Tony hadn’t heard him, it was more likely that he’d chosen to ignore him since he’d already gotten his way. “Don’t worry about taking anything nice.  I’ve got it covered.  Thank you, Steve, love, darling, light o’ my life!”
Oh, Steve thought. Even with all the uncertainty, he’d been mostly hard from being naked so close to Tony, but at that touch, he had to lock his elbows to keep from falling flat on his face, the sudden rush of arousal almost too much for him to take.
“Th-these are yours?” he asks, hoping against hope that Dr. Stark was storing someone else’s blankets for them. Dr. Stark nods oh-so-helpfully, however, and Steve wouldn’t have said he was even
actually steal your corpse, and because you’d been an Infinity Gauntlet wielder, they were able to regrow all the dead cells and reanimate your body with the residual power of the Soul Stone.”
“Come here,” Tony said, and Steve complied, relieved to move on to whatever was going to happen next. Maybe he didn’t know what exactly they were going to do, but he trusted Tony. He knew Tony would take care of him.
safeword. He hadn’t thought about what that meant to the two of them until now, however, because he’d known he’d never do anything that Steve would need to safeword for.
He wanted to comfort Steve, to be strong for him and somehow find the words to apologize for how he’d fucked everything up, for letting them get to this situation, but he was just—
, and Steve hoped it would give him comfort as he adjusted to a world that had gotten used to him being gone.
If Dr. Stark knew what sort of thoughts were going through Steve’s head, he’d be appalled. Horrified. No matter how kind and understanding he’s been up until now.
He’d thought about the kisses so many times by now that it was easy to imagine himself right back at Tony’s feet, Tony looking at him in approval.
Steve’s apparently much colder than he’d realized, because the line of slick that drips down his leg is burning hot.
Okay, he’s definitely going to get distracted if he keeps going down that road. He thinks he knows what Tony’s doing, and while there’s a not insignificant part of him that wants to go along with it, wants to go along with whatever Tony wants to do to him, it’s also unnecessary. He’d be incredibly happy to let things proceed the way they had been before he’d showered. “You don’t have to do this.”
“I’d meant for this to be a surprise,” Tony said, patting the—it took Steve a moment to figure out what he was looking at, but once his mind processed that the long, red,
Steve nodded and tried to smile to cover his embarrassment, although it was more a quirk of his lips than anything else.
It’d been a long time since Tony had felt anything close to hope about whatever relationship he and Steve had, and he hadn’t realized how heavy the weight of expectation had become. Steve was going to leave him. He knew it. Maybe it wouldn’t be today or tomorrow, but it’d happen soon enough, and Tony had woken up every morning with the end in sight.
That’s stupid, though, considering they’re alone, so Steve forces himself to ignore his embarrassment and says, “Yes. I’ve always been like clockwork with my heats,” he says, and he’s not going to be sad about the fact that he’s talking about his heats with Dr. Stark in a purely unsexual way, he’s not, “so this is really out of the ordinary for me.”
He made his way slowly up the stairs, his body feeling too heavy for his bones to hold up, and he found Tony in his office, the computer Steve had used gone, although it didn’t stop JARVIS from projecting screens for Tony to use.
That being said, I can’t seem to write intermediate-length stories anymore. It’s either really short or really, really long, and since we’ve already passed the really short stage, I think this is going to be a long-ass motherfucker, fml.
He couldn’t do it, Steve realized. He wouldn’t. The elusive calm he’d desperately been searching for finally settled over him as he made his decision. Just the
“Got to clean everywhere,” Tony said, circling his fingers again and again, the muscle twitching in response. Steve always seemed to run a little warm, but he felt almost hot at the opening to his body, and Tony had to close his eyes for a second at the thought of being inside of him.
“Sorry, company rules, can’t leave customers unattended.  Don’t worry, I’ll take good care of your car.  I haven’t damaged a car loading it or unloading since my first week here.  Maybe second.”
angry since there might be a perfectly reasonable explanation for all of this, but he can’t stop feeling hurt nonetheless.
much? Not only did Tony have a history of making weapons, but Steve knew about the nightmares he’d had since the Chitauri attack, how paranoid he’d become about being unprepared and defenseless. It’d been worse before Steve had come back, Captain America a steadying and reassuring presence, but it was far from gone. And Steve knew just how desperate he was to protect everyone he cared about, to the point of obsession, if Tony were being honest. Was it really Steve’s fault that he’d wondered just how far Tony would go?
He turns around expecting Tony to pull him into a kiss—but Tony’s actually a few feet away, looking at some of the photographs on the wall, and that’s … okay. Steve supposes. It’s not like he’s in heat, so there’s no rush.
“I was thinking a little closer,” Tony said, patting his thigh, and Steve eyed him dubiously, because he couldn’t be implying what Steve thought he was implying.
Bucky whipped around, not giving himself the time to wonder, because hesitation meant death, and he was sure he was going to see Hydra agents surrounding him--but all he saw was the tail end of a cat, turning onto the sidewalk.
on AO3) for the speedy and thorough beta and for all their help with medical stuff. The questions I’ve been asking them, guys. >> They’ve also written
“I mean, sure, it’s unlikely,” Tony said, and Steve had to swallow back the shriek that wanted to rise from his throat as the vibrations got even stronger. “But we’re above the treeline, and with the way you’re moving around and how you’re carrying on, a person would
But Steve either knew or suspected, his face drawn into harsh lines that splintered apart in a spasm of grief, and even as he pulled himself together, the jagged seams were all too easy to see.
So yeah, he was incredibly happy Bruce and Clark were together and looked like they had every intention of staying that way for the long haul.
There was a long moment when neither of them spoke, although Steve wanted to fill the silence with more reasons, more apologies. He felt like he’d rushed through his explanation, hadn’t done a good enough job of conveying just how important Tony was to him and how truly sorry he was. At the same time, however, he didn’t know what else to say, what—if any of it—had affected Tony, and if he’d be hurting his chances by pointing out his mistakes all over again at this point. Not that it could get much worse, he thought, his hand aching with how hard he was squeezing his bag.
Steve twists around carefully, making sure to keep everything in place as much as he can before lying down.  A waft of scent rises up nevertheless, and he has to turn his head to the side, because it feels like his head will explode if he looks at Dr. Stark.
He has to slap his hands over his mouth when Dr. Stark immediately starts thrusting and twisting his fingers.
Of course. Of course that was when Steve had “figured out” he loved him. When Tony had told him to leave.
“You know what?” Tony said before Steve could respond. “It doesn’t even matter that you don’t know the number. All it means is that we should figure it out.”
It took more effort than Tony would’ve thought possible for him to lift his eyes to Steve’s, and he could only meet his gaze for a fraction of a second before he had to look away.
“You ready to head up?” Tony asked, less than fifteen minutes after they’d arrived, and Steve blinked and nodded, the legs of his chair scraping against the floor as he stood up.
; they were ticking hormonal time bombs, and Tony didn’t want to be anywhere in the detonation radius.
Steve walked towards the door, blinking until he could see clearly. Make coffee for Tony. He could do that.
And Tony was all for getting him up to speed, making him feel comfortable, all that crap really, but he didn’t understand why that meant he couldn't see him.  It was
Tony stared and stared, not knowing what to say, not even sure he was hearing Steve right, let alone understanding him.
I don’t know why I’m even writing this letter since I know it won’t reach you until I put it in your hands myself, but it helps to talk to you like this since I can’t do it any other way.
Getting up to the fifth floor wasn’t too hard. They’d already hacked into the security feeds, and he had I. D. cards from the guards he’d taken out, so it was just a matter of running up the stairs and taking out the one person he met on the way.
“Thank you,” Tony says, his cheeks flushing at the compliment and an almost shy smile spreading across his face, and it feels like Steve’s heart hitches in its rhythm at the sight, starting over in a new beat.
balls, although don’t tell me about any of it. I haven’t seen you this into someone in a long time, and you haven’t even met the guy. Think how good it could be
Except Dr. Stark has never been cold, just a bit reserved. As if he were being careful to keep himself under control.
Although, he thought, raising his eyes to meet Tony’s, maybe—maybe Tony was waiting on his opinion to give his decision?
“We’re keeping things quiet,” Steve said. Before he’d ever come out to New York, Dr. Saunders had made sure he realized what he’d be getting himself into. He hadn’t thought about the significance of what it meant to be dating a public figure, hadn’t thought about the fact that Tony
“Fuck,” Tony breathed, swallowing hard.  “Sorry.  I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to make it harder on you,” he said, and while Steve knew it was true, he noticed how Tony’s eyes were riveted to Steve’s stomach, could see precum welling at the tip of Tony’s cock.
“I think I would just cut the wire,” Tony said, and this time, Steve was certain there was something in the way Tony answered that signified something more, although he wasn’t entirely sure what.
“Do what?” he asked, looking his fill, because hello, the pictures hadn't done him justice.  Tall, with muscles that begged for Tony’s tongue to lick across them, hair just right for pulling, thighs like tree trunks, and—
Steve nodded, although no one was looking at him, and he curled his fingers around the edge of the shield, waiting.
Enough time had passed that the scars weren’t so vivid anymore, but they still ached, sometimes more than others, and he hated the shocked sounds he heard whenever he got naked in front of others.  It made people uncomfortable to see the evidence of so much pain, and he couldn’t blame them.  He didn’t like looking at it either.
,” Peter said, his voice thick with tears, and it was a legitimate answer as far as Steve was concerned. He felt … overwhelmed. Overcome. Like up and down had no meaning anymore, and gravity was no longer a truth but a suggestion.
All the things he should’ve done, that he’d planned to do, that he’d done but too late to be of any use careened through his mind, and if he hadn’t already been dropping, they would’ve pushed him over.
He wondered what Tony would do when he walked in. Smile at him probably, because Tony was always generous with his smiles, but come over and hug him? Kiss him maybe? Not even passionately, although Steve wouldn’t mind that, would welcome it in fact, but a simple kiss hello to tell him he’d missed him?
“While I would hope to avoid that eventuality, I am prepared to carry out my orders using whatever means necessary.”
Steve sits up and does as he’s told, all too conscious of how he’s staring at Dr. Stark’s face, because there’s nowhere else to look, and of how naked he is while he’s doing it. There are only a few reasons why he’d be opening his mouth in front of an alpha like Dr. Stark, and with the two of them so close to each other, he can’t help but think of the other scenarios, even as he tells himself to stop.
He has to exert a little control to get them all to stop and focus on swimming instead, and he’s about to apologize, but then Steve wraps his legs around Tony’s waist and arches his back, his face pink, his nipples even pinker, and gasps, “That felt so good,” and there goes any chance of keeping his tentacles to himself.
He’d known, of course, that he would enjoy kissing Steve, but he hadn’t known what every hitched breath and throaty sound would do to him, how it’d leave him feeling wrecked and hollow because it didn’t matter how long he had Steve—it would never be long enough.
by him?” she asked, blunt and implacable, and he continued to look out, hating that there was a difference.
“Let me,” he pleaded, his hands sliding up Tony’s thighs, so there could be no mistaking what he was asking. “Please. I want to. Let me do this for you, Tony,” Steve said, shifting back just enough to catch Tony’s eyes so he could see how sincere he was.
“Well, aren’t you on early tonight,” Tony says, and Steve swears he can hear the smile in his voice–finds himself grinning back reflexively and ducking his head as if Tony could actually see him.
Dr. Stark doesn’t, of course. All he does is exactly what Steve’s asked, stretching him open carefully, waiting until the tension leaves his body to lock the speculum in place.
He follows Tony around the different maps as they chat and wait for the rest of their normal group to get on. Wednesdays are for raiding, and everyone should be on by 11pm his time. He and Bucky are the only ones on the east coast, which means they have to stay up the longest, but they typically get through the whole thing in under an hour, so it’s not a problem. When he’d first started raiding, he’d spend 3-4 hours trying to finish and still not succeed, but now they have it down to an art.
They talk a bit more before heading inside, nothing particularly deep, but Steve appreciates it all the same. Their version of normal has been pretty skewed, and this is the first time they’ve had a conversation without Steve feeling incredibly embarrassed or turned on, or, more than likely, both incredibly embarrassed
They were all quiet as they ate, and Steve couldn’t remember if he’d even enjoyed the shawarma, which turned out to be some kind of roasted meat, although he knew he’d had four helpings.
"Deep breath now,” Dr. Stark says as he puts the fingers of one hand against Steve’s perineum and pushes the speculum into him, much more easily than it has any right to go.
Steve throws himself at the gunman, dodging the first bullet and deflecting the second with a—is that a shield?  The assassin doesn’t have time for a third, and
A second later, Tony has to remember to pump his tentacles in order to keep from sinking under the water line, fucking hell.
“I’m sorry too that I didn’t make us take a break and talk things out. I knew you were upset, but I thought I could manage it better. It was irresponsible of me, and I’m so sorry, Steve, that you had to go through that your first time.”
“Actually,” he says slowly, unable to stop thinking of the glimpse he’d gotten of Dr. Stark’s face, “no. I’m going to … I think I’m going to switch doctors.”
The edges of his face felt prickly and cold, and his limbs were weighted down with grief, heavier than stone.
“Hmm?” he replied, as if he didn’t know what Steve was really asking. He could feel Steve quiver with indecision—why wasn’t Tony letting go? Should he say something? How long should a hug last?—and he hid a smile.
Steve was glad he was looking down, because he hadn’t … really thought about it, but of course he’d have to use the bathroom sometime.
“Your prostate seems fine, Steve,” Dr. Stark says, and Steve hears the squeak of gloves, followed by a muffled thud as they land in the biohazard waste bin.
Steve has to wrench his mind away from thoughts of Dr. Stark being a lesser man, and he tries to recite the multiplication tables in his head, but honestly, anything past the ones seems too complicated right now.
He hesitated when he was naked and Tony just stared down at him, wondered if he should’ve kept his underwear on, but then Tony shook himself and plopped down on top of Steve’s legs, pinning him in place as he started licking at his thighs and going higher, Tony’s tongue eager to explore.
“Shh,” Tony whispered as Four slid down the front of Steve’s pants and Six went down the back. He congratulated himself on convincing Steve he wouldn’t need the costume for some light training. Going through the neck opening would’ve been a bitch.
want. It was typically one of the first things he ever did when he was with a new Sub, but there was no point, not yet anyway, not when Steve had already made it clear he didn’t trust him and had no reason to confide in him.
to know, but this isn’t the kind of conversation he can have over text–especially if he wants to keep his job–and this meeting is supposed to run for another forty minutes at least. He’s never wanted to be a smoker before, but he’s starting to regret his life decisions.
“My time’s running out, Pops,” Joe said, standing in front of them and fidgeting with what looked to be a glorified watch on his wrist.  It wasn’t.  Or at least, that wasn’t all it could do.  Tony—or at least, future Tony—had apparently made it for him, which yeah, Tony made all the best stuff.  Apparently being the son of a multi-billionaire/superhero and another superhero was dangerous business, and future Tony had created a portable shield for him—an incredibly strong,
He couldn’t deny that he wanted to hear Steve say he loved him again, though, wanted to look his eyes as he said it and see the emotion for himself; wanted to say it back to him because he hadn’t had a chance to yet, but now that he could string two thoughts together, the words were desperate to be free. Steve deserved to hear them, needed to hear them, and Tony needed to say them just as much.
They take everything to a table near the corner and the next hour flies by. It’s easy talking to Tony, and he likes that he can ask him whatever questions pop into mind, likes that Tony can do the same, and they don’t have to worry about keeping things within the doctor/patient box. They can just be Tony and Steve, and that’s more than enough.
“Yes,” he said, although he tended to draw more in the blank pages than write, simple doodles mostly, although he sometimes copied the skyline, or sketched an interesting face. Still, he put something down every day and that was really all she’d requested of him.
“What?” Now Steve looked upset. Frustration turning to anger, and it seemed like the more things changed, the more they stayed the same. “Then how were we ever in a contract in the first place?”
“Not too much. I decided to be productive and swing by Malibu while you’re out of town. I regret it deeply, however, because right after lunch, I’ll be subjected to a Slow and Painful Death by Boring Business Metrics Meeting,” Tony said, and Steve smiled a little.
Tony’s seen lots of gorgeous people in his life, of all shapes and kinds, but there’s something about his Angel …
“Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist,” Tony said calmly enough, but was there an edge to an answer, an emphasis on “philanthropist” that made Steve see red. Like he needed a reminder that Tony had taken him in for all the wrong reasons.
“Come on, Steve, come on,” Tony whined, resting his head on Steve’s shoulder and looking up at him pitifully.  “Can’t you do this teeny tiny favor for me?”
“Did that help at all?” he asked somewhat breathlessly, reminding himself that humping Captain America’s leg wasn’t the best way to make a good impression.  Granted, that was under normal circumstances and didn’t necessarily qualify in a situation like theirs—
“Lucky thing too, since I’d kept it locked up in one of the company labs, and SHIELD had their fingers in everything up here.” Tony’s lips twisted slightly, but then he clapped his hands. “But what’s the point in waiting? Take off your clothes. Let’s take this baby for a spin.”
But Stark was just another guy in the end. It wasn’t like Steve had been able to retain much modesty in the orphanage or in the barracks. And even if it was unusual, he’d gotten naked in front of Doms as well as Subs over the years—out in the field when separation was virtually impossible and during other medical examinations as they tried to figure out what Dr. Erskine’s formula—although it’d been completely nonsexual.
He knew now, though, knew he wanted Tony, that he’d wanted him for quite a while. The last time Tony had asked him the question, however, he hadn’t reacted well to that answer, and while Steve realized that the situation then had had a lot to do with that, a part of him didn’t want to risk invoking that same reaction.
He flinched, wiping the image from his head, and he desperately hoped that he’d managed to control his expression enough that Stark hadn’t noticed. Except then Stark kind of let his body become limp as he stared up at him challengingly, and he knew that Stark had seen after all.
Dr. Reynolds was the one to turn towards Stark, his expression carefully neutral. “I see. Well, then,” he said, rising and smiling at Steve again, although it seemed slightly less pleased than before. “Are there any bruises or abrasions or cuts that you’d like me to take a look at?” he asked, washing his hands at the sink.
“Thank you!” She walked over to her desk and opened a drawer. “I spend most of my free time catching up on psychology articles, so I always feel behind on what’s going on in the world.”
Maybe he’d accidentally caught Dr. Reynolds passing by just as his nurse was leaving the room? Except that would be quite the coincidence.
it, and do we really believe the weatherman?  I mean, is meteorology even a science?  Maybe we should—”
He slipped his phone back in his pocket as if to hide his crime, but it wasn’t so easy to wipe away the image of Steve’s expression from his mind.
Tony’s shoulders rolled in what was probably supposed to be a shrug, and Steve wished he could see his face. “Well, the last thing I want is to have Fury on my back because I’ve purposefully endangered you, and I didn’t think bubble wrap would’ve cut it, so. Anyway, let’s talk rules of engagement.”
He thought about calling Tony then, but his flight was scheduled to leave in two hours, and it wasn’t the type of conversation that he could ask Tony to put on pause so he could finish packing. Besides, at this point, he thought he owed Tony the chance to yell at him face-to-face.
She found him in the cafeteria after medical had taken Dr. and Mr. Martin and their debriefings were over, because they’d done this enough times by now for her to know he needed to eat after a mission, even though it was nearly four in the morning.
“And I don’t want to lie to your parents!” he said, scandalized, and glared at the way Tony’s lips turned up.
He’s relieved beyond measure when Dr. Stark comes back less than a minute later. He’s adjusting Steve’s shirt on the hanger, but he uses his elbow to nudge the door closed, and Steve feels like he can breathe again.
Things went on this way for a few years, and Steve decided he should start to date. He hadn’t thought anyone could live up to Peggy, but then he’d met Tony. He didn’t think anyone could live up to Tony either, but who knew? Maybe it was time he let the both of them go.
“There’s nothing to apologize for, Steve. Really. Different people have different reactions, and one response isn’t more valid than another.”
“There is definitely something wrong with something,” Tony hedges, and is it possible that Steve doesn’t know he’s in heat? He’s in his twenties. He has to have gone through one by now. Right?
“Wait,” Tony said, tightening his hold on Steve’s wrist, not pulling, just squeezing down. “I wasn’t done talking yet, and if I start kissing you, I won’t ever finish.”
He’d known that he’d messed things up. He’d been confrontational, had used Tony to vent his frustrations on, had taken Tony and all his consideration for granted, and had promised to try to trust Tony, only to fail over and over again. He’d known that he’d wronged Tony in a number of different ways.
“I know,” he said, having to swallow past the lump in his throat to get the words out. And he did. He knew that he couldn’t use his safeword to make Tony forgive him, or keep him, or force him to give him another chance when he’d wasted so many already. “But you said—”
Also, let me reiterate that I have never been in a bdsm relationship, so please don't take what I write as a good example of what one should be like.
“A hero? Like you? You're a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle!” Tony snapped, and it was all he could do not to flinch.
“Within a month, I think, yes.” He held up his hand to keep Steve’s outburst at bay. “I’m used to going out on my own, and as my file no doubt told you, I don’t play well with others. It’s as much for my benefit as it is for yours. We’ll train together. It’ll be fine, you’ll see.”
at him, and the silence was dragging out, and it was becoming easier and easier to see the hints of resignation appearing on Steve’s face.
“You keep that up, and I might accidentally drop you,” Tony said, and Steve froze. Tony wouldn’t—Steve
“These are attached with nanotech to the collar, so you don’t need to worry about them falling off.”
“Where is he now?” he asked dully, wondering if Steve had barricaded himself in his room or if he’d—
“Hello, JARVIS,” he said and tried to smile normally at the security camera. It was difficult, considering he knew JARVIS knew what had gone on between him and Tony—although it was probably ridiculous to be embarrassed in front of JARVIS, considering everything he’d already seen Steve do while he’d lived in Stark Tower. “Is Tony upstairs?”
Steve means to say something, but he still can’t seem to get a word out, and by the time he swallows and tries again, Dr. Stark is already stepping into the hallway.
