Greg                            I had to finally let my moans go as he took me deeper in his mouth, his tongue being something that the devil had created. I was arching up into his mouth and trying to keep my feet flat on the bed to steady myself.
Rosie                           I laugh cause who doesn't know bacon belongs on pizza. "Yeah and sausage and peppers and... Oh!! Do we have any crushed red pepper thingies?"
Sherlock
Greg                            "Yeah, she's a sweet little thing. Has John's temper I imagine." I smiled for a moment and fiddled with my phone in my pocket, my heart pounding in my chest. I wanted to get away from him to the crime scene just so I wasn't subconsciously thinking about pushing him.
Greg                            "Now we look into the number plate of the other car we have from the bank robbery… look into gang tattoos to see if any of them match the one we have and then looking over Molly’s report again to see if anything jumps out." I said as I then logged into the police database where I could check the number plates and I wasn't certainly going to sit around and wait.
Greg                            "I was ready to shoot him when he came ‘round the corner." I whispered and felt myself shaking a little as we sat down on the curb, officers starting the long process of bagging all the medicine to then examine and for evidence against whoever else was working in there.
John                      I’m woken by an intense pressure in my head and a sharp pain in my shoulder. I try to move my hand up to my head but can’t. There’s a tightness in my throat so I try and clear it with a grunt. That just makes it worse and I choke a bit.
Sherlock                     "What have you done?" I snap, a little unnerved at seeing Lestrade so ill after I had spent the last few days feeling smug for getting them back together. With a few strides I was backing Mycroft into the kitchen
Sherlock               "My John needs me!" I snap, bounding back to his side and wrapping his hand in both of my own, "What would you understand of love, brother mine?"
Greg                             "Exactly. We might not get much from her, but we can hold her for up to 48 hours. Stroke her ego a little, make her brag about what they're doing." I beamed as I paced around the room, waving my hands around a little trying to gather thoughts.
Greg                            I wasn't bothered about being pleasured and we dozed for an hour before finally rising from his spare room bed. We took it in turns to shower, my clothes from yesterday still damp from the rain so when I got to the kitchen in the tracksuit, I found one of my other suits along with my mail from work.
Jamie                           Oh he is so cute when he's stupid. "I wasn't really gonna call security," I wink at him. "I just wanted to know who you were. Molly told me all about you. She said you were a Recovering Addict...? This isn't the place for Recovery."
Mycroft                     "You need not worry, Miss Wat- I mean, Miss Morstan. You have the full protection of my division, not to mention that of your father and my brother." I try to sound reassuring.
Greg                            "I'll be up to the hospital in a few days to see you both, just stay safe and I wish it wasn’t like this." I take her hand to shake it for a minute, having to pull it back rather quickly as it was like a ‘bugs crawling up my arm’ kind of feeling with an edge of calm that I only ever got with Mycroft if he touched me bare handed.
John                             I try and stifle a chuckle. “Right. Anyway. A human bite is dirty enough on its own. Mixed with mud and water from the Thames… infection.” I gesture to Greg with my hand to illustrate my point.
Greg                      "He's in the morgue. Sherlock, they found his body in the rubble and took it down with Mary's." I leant against the doorway with my breath slowing down, it feeling wrong to lie to him but I promised Mycroft.
Sherlock                   Parting my lips, I engulf John into my mouth, one hand coming up to wrap long fingers around his base, the other sensually making its way down my own body to clutch at my groin, grinding down into my palm as I hollow my cheeks
Mary                     John pulls out his gun, holding it steady on Seb, "What the FUCK is going on? Seb? Don't panic, Mary, I'm getting help." His hand goes to his ear, wincing at the shock of static that comes through. I curl up a little, bloody hands attempting to scrabble towards my own gun where I dropped it, "John, don't be a hero. Get out."
Mycroft                     I gasp a bit at the initial contact, but don't pull my hand back. I'm hit by a flood of emotional data - concern about the recent crime scene, self-consciousness about his ability, a spark of interest... I let the emotions wash through my mind, trying to let them slip by rather than dwelling on them. Then I get hit with harsher emotions - anger, sadness, feelings of betrayal from the divorce - those are harder to avoid. My hand starts to tremble a little, but I don't pull away.
Greg                            I nodded as we needed to trace that car, knowing that Oliver must have contacted Sebastian to tell him that we were on to him. I felt the familiar calm feeling as Mycroft touched my arm lightly and I saw his eyes shut as he tried to find it.
Sherlock                     I seem to find what I'm looking for, waving a pen around and slipping it into my pocket, stepping back onto the coffee table and pausing, looking at John thoughtfully, "Well that won't work, will it?"
missed call
Mycroft                     I move up Greg's body and kiss him lightly. He deepens the kiss, and with a quick twist of his hips, flips us over, pinning me efficiently to the bed, grinding his hips against mine. Seeing how much I am struggling with the need to touch him, he grabs my wrists, restraining them gently as he caresses my neck with his lips and tongue
Mycroft                       I can feel his sadness, some jealousy. "A foolish statement. Powers are not gender-based." I relaxed into his touch. "At least you chose a worthy profession and can make use of your power in it."
Moriarty                   "She's just that good. Now, I'll escort you back.to your room and food will be delivered soon. Being an evil genius is very time consuming."
Mycroft                       I knock lightly on my office door and walk in, to find Greg fast asleep at my desk. I chuckle to myself and shake his uninjured shoulder to wake him. "Greg... Greg..." I say quietly. "Dinner is here. You should eat something."
Greg                      "I know but you'll need to talk to him about it when he wakes up. Decide what you want to do." I nodded in agreement, sitting back a little and I watched Sherlock’s body language with how he was taking it all in.
Mycroft                     "Perhaps tomorrow? I am not quite up for sightseeing today." I say, hoping she doesn't think I'm just brushing her off. "I don't know I can get you an audience with Her Majesty, but a tour of Buckingham Palace might be doable." I head toward the kitchen. "Would you like breakfast or lunch?"
John                            My grip tightens on her shoulder and I pull her back into the room. “No. You’re staying.” I say firmly. “And we do want you. Please. Stay.”
Moriarty                   "Oh. Oh, yes. Well... Awkward." I take a small step back and dust of the front of his shirt. "Let's go outside now, shall we?" I take hold of his elbow and lead him to a new stair case with sensors and locks one has to pass through to leave. "You should pay close attention. You'll see that no one can enter or exit unless I am touching them. If they even try, a nerve gas is released and it's nighty night for hoooouuuurrrssss."
Mycroft                       I follow the hospital staff in with Greg, as they get him situated.
Sherlock                     "Lestrade", I snap, stuffing my hands deep in my coat pockets, "Where is my brother and why is he not answering his phone? You haven't got him here, have you?"
Greg                             "I'll be up to the hospital in a few days to see you both, just stay safe and I wish it wasn’t like this." I take her hand to shake it for a minute, having to pull it back rather quickly as it was like a ‘bugs crawling up my arm’ kind of feeling with an edge of calm that I only ever got with Mycroft if he touched me bare handed.
Mycroft                       "I assure you, you won't like this much, either., Miss Adler." I placed my bare hand on the back of her neck and try to direct my focus on the information we need, quickly brushing aside the emotional interference.
Things have got all blown up in delicious ways. Not the brave and handsome DI though. Never him. For now. I like him. Maybe I'll keep him
Greg                             "Yeah, sure, sure, I knew your mum so well and never really got to meet you at any point. I can just check in on you now and again." I genuinely smiled and took my phone out, typing in the number as she read it and didn’t think much bad could come out of it with the grief she was going through.
Mycroft                       I slip my arm around his waist and lead him out of the office, toward the guest room. "It won't happen any faster if you fall asleep at my desk."
Greg                            "Just let him cool off, mate. We both know he has no idea where Jim or Seb is and he'll come back when he's ready." I said softly as I tried to hold John back but was pushed back onto my butt with more than a little force before he rushed down the stairs to pass Mycroft.
I left my baby lying here
You haven't touched it. You don't like it or you're just playing me. YOU need to quit playing games.
POSSIBLE TRIGGER WARNING: Quite literally.Gun play
This wasn't a conversation John wanted to have at the moment. In another situation, his erection would be flagging but, after being teased for so long, even a discussion about his ex and their sexual escapades wasn't enough to make him go soft.
“God, John, the sight of you,” Sherlock expressed suddenly and inadvertently, his voice sinfully deep and gravelly. John sometimes fancied that Sherlock’s larynx was comprised entirely of sandpaper, nectar and pheromones.
"Mmmm," John replied, mouth full, eyebrows raised in exaggerated interest in whatever Sherlock was talking about. He deep-throated him for two brave swallows, then pushed his dry finger in suggestive little thrusts against the detective's perineum.
"I'm not worried about it." He tried to assure her, thinking that was the reason she suddenly looked so...out of sorts. "He's proven to me multiple times that he likes being with men. The enthusiasm he shows when he strokes me off is enough to persuade me-"
“After I stuck my tongue in your arse?”
"...Look, Greg... I have to go after him..."
Sherlock didn't wait for the rest of John's words, impatiently sealing their lips together again, not to be deterred from his goal. John tried again.
Sherlock watched John's throat bob as he swallowed, John's eyes flicking lower on Sherlock's stomach, taking in the way his pyjama bottoms hung from his bony hips. Sherlock fidgeted. He knew he was too skinny. Scrawny. His collarbone jutted out from the top of his chest and his nipples were twin spots of darkness on a milky pale canvas. There were no faint traces of abs, no clearly defined pectorals gained from lifting weights and strenuous exercise. There was just...skin. Taut skin to be sure but...nothing remarkable. Next to John… well, there was no comparison who was better looking.
“Oh.” Sherlock uttered, and all of a sudden his hand disappeared, slipping away from John and leaving every place John had been touched to leak warmth with a quiver. The hand, however, came back to smoothly cup John’s face, and Sherlock slid close again, his nose at John’s cheek as he touched their mouths together with a feather-light, teasing caress.
"Get over here and help me."
"Mm...think it'd be fairly obvious." John smirked, looking at Sherlock through slitted eyes, pleased when Sherlock blushed as he watched John's hand moving under the covers.
"Thrust a bit...slowly...then add another." he gasped. Sherlock, as it turned out, was surprisingly skilled at taking instructions. Before too long, he had three fingers inside John, thrusting them with increasing frequency. John was groaning, eyes tightly closed, fisting his cock almost desperately, the wet, fleshy sound of his strokes loud in the quiet of their room.
"Let him go." He said, frowning after the retreating back of Jason, rubbing his knuckles thoughtfully over his reddened cheek, before grinning again. "I think I got everything right."
?” he echoed and seemed marginally worried, looking at it as it thickened and extended an inch or so more alongside his heightening eagerness.
"How many others have you been shagging?"
John, his hands curled into fists at his sides, advanced on Jason but Sherlock stopped him.
certain Mrs Hudson heard us.”
"Well spotted." Came the acidic reply and Sherlock, now he knew what he'd done wrong, felt better.
"Well...my deductions...were they right? Tell me...your......thoughts," John uttered, nipping at Sherlock's long, angular jaw with the soft, slightly-pained whimper of pleasure that constituted a game-changer.
"Mm. It probably would be. "John agreed and Sherlock almost melted against the bed in relief.
"Why don't we get out of here for a bit?"
The resulting messy clean-up had been well worth it.
"Aw, you do love me after all," John grinned, giving him an indulgent kiss, feeling the brunette squirm and sigh delightfully underneath him.
He heard John's breathing hitch, then stutter out in a weak exhale, his fingers scrabbling at the plug and pulling it- slowly- from Sherlock's body, making Sherlock feel every single bit of it as it popped out. He shuddered, feeling flayed open, waiting on what John would do next.
. It was what Shaun always wanted- except John was too nice to do it.
John laughed, which was what Sherlock had been aiming for, and he smiled as he listened to John giggle. Today had been a close call. And it had left him shaken. And he knew where John was coming from. However, close calls were part of his job. He couldn't give that up just to stay safe. He hoped John understood that.
"John...John!" Sherlock uttered, panicked. "John, it's tight! Feels..." he trailed off before gasping, the muscles of his backside clenching and twitching as he gritted his teeth and tried to fight the orgasm that was surging through his body.
"Just think, people in America won't be celebrating yet. And the Aussies have done it already," John informed him, mostly for the pleasure of seeing the detective squirm at the discrepancy.
"Yeah but...you didn't tell me you had one-" John grimaced as the tarantula stirred in his hand, sluggishly tapping its legs on his hand.
"John isn't partial to spicy foods."
John watched with irritated disbelief as Sherlock strolled off in the direction of the correct aisle with a previously non-existent sense of direction. He wondered if Sherlock had some sort of innate homing instinct for where sex products were located. Would explain a lot, actually.
"Oh pish! The things I've heard, Sherlock, that couldn't possibly be true. Why would you think that?"
anything." Sherlock said, his teasing nonchalance dropping like shedding a cloak, his reticence making itself known. He stopped twirling the briefs and held them, clutched in his fist, looking as if he regretted showing them to John in the first place.
Sherlock smiled at her, pleased, and Molly actually felt her heart stop beating for a few seconds. "I must confess that I don't actually have a lot of knowledge about things like this but I know later tonight things...will take a more...
Sherlock’s toes were already curled, but with John’s slow, provocative touches, they curled tighter, and his ribs expanded in a deep, sharp, audible inhale. It was obvious he was unused to the sensations and also quite obvious he enjoyed them, as his firm erection bounced twice with the canting of his hips. John smirked with satisfaction, and he made sure to watch Sherlock's expression as he probed with his middle finger, inexorably, around and around where he wanted to be. Sherlock's beautiful face seemed an awfully long way away, he had never been with a partner so tall, and so he had a hard time fixating on his features when a concave, trembling stomach, rust-coloured nipples and twitching limbs were vying for his attention.
"Fuck me, John, come on, it's time, do it," Sherlock pleaded, rolling his hips temptingly.
Sherlock nodded jerkily, “I want you,” he said, though quickly corrected himself with a clearing of his throat. “This. I…want this. Yes. Please.” He was quivering, virtually overwhelmed with it all, and the quivering only subsided, only stopped, when he took a particularly deep, calming breath in through his nose, and held it for a few moments before letting it out again.
"Problem, Sherl?"
Sherlock huffed irritably as he followed John and Greg towards the pub a few blocks from Baker Street. The two men ahead of him were chatting animatedly and laughing, seemingly unaware of the consulting detective following in their wake.
“Woodlice,” Sherlock shrugged, as if that explained everything. He affected a bored expression and glared at the piercing hot sun, his ice-pale eyes narrowing and watering slightly.
"They're
"You looked...you looked...very good." Sherlock admitted in a fiendishly-deep baritone murmur, eyeing the warm drops of come on John's quivering stomach hungrily. John huffed out an awkward laugh, shaking his head and reaching for the towel, wiping himself off and scrubbing at the lingering traces of come.
Sherlock wanted to remain pressed against John, so comfortable, but his bladder was protesting and so he rolled away reluctantly, staggering to the loo.
John wasted no time in forcing himself into Sherlock's throat, gasping and pumping violently for a few thrusts, selfishly taking his own pleasure as Sherlock had done earlier that morning…before he gritted his teeth, feeling sick hearing Sherlock cough and choke around his cock while remaining unresisting.
want to hear trite pornographic scripts because you think it'll make me happy. Trust me, it won't."
Sherlock hummed with his own laugh and rubbed between his shoulder blades again, “Good. I thought you might. – Had hoped you might, I should say,” he murmured and slowly rested his cheek against John’s head.
Dizzy and self-conscious, Sherlock took the proffered towel and quickly made his way to his bedroom. He sighed as he removed his third (and last) pair of come-soaked and ruined pyjama bottoms and wiped himself down. His cheeks were still burning as he headed to the bathroom and cleaned himself up properly, chucking the semen-stained towel in the washing basket. His mind unhelpfully supplied all the filthy, ridiculous things he'd said to John, playing the naughty confessions on an endless loop in his head.
different in Elaine's tone of voice- a surprised, scandalized
The little furrow between Sherlock’s brows that was just begging to be prodded appeared, and his cupid’s-bow lips tightened in puzzlement. ”Go on what?”
Sherlock huffed as John playfully licked at his chin, tossing his head to avoid any more contact. "Busy." He murmured, scrolling to the appropriate entries. Sherlock winced in fond annoyance as John, not deterred, nibbled at his throat instead, before tugging his hand away from the keyboard of the laptop and licking his pineapple juice covered fingertips.
"Sherlock...Sherlock...please...."
I don't care where it is. I'm asleep. - JW
There was a slightly awkward, but peaceable silence. John cleared his throat as they both lay back on the bed again, gazing at the off-white ceiling.
sorry."
Sherlock
“Mm?” Sherlock replied in a low, husky sort of a hum, one that was integrated with a groan of delight as he arched up and urged John further down.
"Thumb now. Kay?" John asked, squeezing the plump, tight flesh of Shaun's backside with his free hand out of a selfish whim. If it pleased the other man, well...that was incidental.
!" John growled feverishly, voice tight, clenching his trembling, damp thighs, bucking his hips up in an attempt to fuck himself on Sherlock's cock.
"John! So how long have you and Sherlock been together?"
"It won't be for a few weeks." Shaun said softly. "This," He nodded to John's leg. "This isn't going away. And...I'm not cut out to be your nurse the rest of my life…And," Shaun added, "I've never...
"Fat chance. You would either already know I'm on the way home with your psychic powers, or I'd say it and be
"Here." John thrust a pair of jeans at him, woefully too short but Sherlock was thankful for the coverage. He was covered in blood but he didn't think he had time to clean himself up. He tugged on the jeans and John watched him, eyes bright and hawkish. It made Sherlock's skin tingle in awareness but once he looked at John, he turned away.
The muggy afternoon was spent by the detective in his bedroom, in a grumpy, indulgent hate-wank session. He felt annoyingly horny, and vaguely miserable, and it was a thoroughly unpleasant mood to be in. The attempt to delete The Kiss, the source of his current contemplations, had so far failed. He lay in only a T-shirt on top of his bed, the window open and rogue afternoon breezes birthing pinpricks of cold on his already visibly-aroused white skin.
"...The...the guy with the coat? I don't know, I don't know! They were gonna fucking...cut him up." the lackey gasped, eyes bulging and ultimately telling.
Sherlock quietly admitted to himself that the only thing he would prefer to being proved right, was if John stayed celibate for him.
idea how you look right now."
!" John bit his knuckles to keep from making any noise. There were people less than 12 feet from them. They could get caught at any moment. He was close- so very close...
you're here, and fine, and...everything. But sometimes, I just...God, I don't know," he muttered frustratingly.
"A friend. We were close, both trainee doctors. I suppose...he was my boyfriend for a bit, but it didn't even really register until after we broke up, you know what I mean?" John asked, before realising with dread that no, Sherlock
"I refuse to eat canned pineapples." John's posh diva replied, sniffing contemptuously. Rolling his eyes, John stayed stoically silent, turning down an aisle that contained oranges, grapefruit, peaches, kiwis, and various other fruits. He rather fancied some apples, now he thought of it…
"I would certainly hope so," John murmured, before gritting his teeth in anticipation, pushing apart Sherlock's strong thighs, and nudging the toys' considerable tip against Sherlock's entrance repeatedly, not yet allowing it to penetrate him. He did it, not out of a desire to vindictively tease, but out of a pure, animalistic desire to watch his partner truly border on
it." Finally, he gifted Sherlock with a proper kiss, settling his hips very carefully onto the detective, which had been hovering just beyond touch for fear of alarming Sherlock.
John nodded, face contorting with pleasure, too breathless to respond, and he heard Sherlock moan. The man adjusted his grip on John's thighs, bringing them closer to his chest, almost bending John in two, and pummelled into him, the sound slick and obscene in the otherwise quiet room. Sherlock’s face was a visage of awe, and smugness, his orgasm lingering but not threatening. Bright-eyed and grinning, he digested the audible feast that consisted of John's helpless whines, and the juicy, carnal slap of wet flesh on flesh. He was incredibly relieved he hadn't yet come and the relief translated to his arms and legs, making them jittery as he flushed with triumph. He could do this...he
It wasn't until midday, when he still hadn't heard from Sherlock, that John started to feel a bit worried. Just a bit. He phoned Lestrade, who hadn't heard from Sherlock in days. And Molly fretted when she told John Sherlock hadn't been at Bart's either.
"Oh yes. The
John's heart leapt in his throat and he scrambled to raise himself up, pushing against the restraining hand of the nurse, desperate to see the face belonging to that voice. He struggled into a sitting position, his fear giving him extra strength even as he winced and gasped from the pain the movement gave him, fighting against the uncomfortably tight sheets that pinioned him to the hard bed.
The attack against his prostate provoked renewed interest from Sherlock's cock, which had never gone completely soft. As John thrust ruthlessly against his prostate again and again, Sherlock's cock started- to his dismay- to harden again. John was delighted, eyeing Sherlock's inadvertent, but wonderfully tempting post-orgasmic state. He nudged the toy a little deeper into his loose and languid detective.
John spared him the briefest of glances as he hauled Sherlock past picnicking families, students on bicycles, and tourists snapping photographs of the landscape. "I know you never shagged him, and never would. Fuck me, he's like Mr. Humphries," he sniggered. As they were talking, they passed under a series of sycamores, and a single leaf drifted down and landed, unnoticed, on John's ash-brown head. Sherlock plucked it up and pocketed it inconspicuously.
outside a broom cupboard in a centuries-old manor?" he hissed, groping Sherlock hard.
"I- I don't know." Sherlock replied shakily, feeling as if the vibrations from the toy were directly linked to his vocal chords. Already, he could feel his body being forced to start the arduous climb to orgasm, sharper this time, and more acute, but still pleasurable in an entirely overwhelming way. "I...I...oh. I didn't think….Can I? John?"
"Uuughh." John grunted, past words, unable to articulate anything while Sherlock's cock pounded away at his prostate.
Sherlock snuggled against him with palpable relief, mindful of John's stab wound as he adjusted himself around John's body.
"Look...I'm in bed...getting a massage from..." The doctor abruptly shut his mouth with a click before trying again. "I'm sensitive anyway, and it was bad enough in the clinic, but this is really going to cause problems. The 'molesting' won't be a joke anymore."
"Good." Sherlock fingered the bruises, wincing a bit when he poked at them and they throbbed. The pain made his own cock start to thicken and he quickly took his hands away. This was about
Stiffening in reaction, Sherlock wheezed and then squirmed enthusiastically, screwing his eyes shut with a grunt and a hitching gasp. By the way the veins in his throat bulged, it was obvious he was holding back on noises, either unwilling or too embarrassed to fully let them out, and so John deftly twisted his wrist, changing the pattern but keeping the rhythm. Sherlock flailed seconds later, clawing down John’s hip as he let out a distorted, and broken, hoarse cry of pleasure, his brow furrowing with his sudden grimace of delight, and he uttered something through his teeth, something that had a foreign inflection.
"Fuck, kiss me," John demanded, and Shaun chuckled and moved to avoid him. Brooking no nonsense, the shorter man seized his lover by his hips.
"Hello? Yeah...yeah, dad, I'll be there soon."
“Trousers too,” Sherlock rumbled croakily from beside him, having shrugged out of his shirt completely.
John's face was flaming with anger and discomfort, although he felt a vague, distant reassurance as his mates patted him on the back and glared at the now-unwelcome guest.
"And his wife. Having an affair with
“It’s just another day to me,” Sherlock said. “A day filled with nothing but tedium and fakery and annoying morons who still cannot tell the time!” He glared off at the window after another few pops of fireworks. “
Sherlock's pout deepened exponentially in the noisy gloom of the hot pub - he had no prior knowledge of the Inspector's assignation - but apparently, John did.
The detective didn’t reply, just pushed firm, kneading thumbs into John’s buttocks, eyeing the glistening hills of flesh with undisguised want. Knowing Sherlock’s weakness for his own vocality during sex, John eased out a choked, lengthy sob of need.
"I don't...it's..." he closed his eyes, not wanting to disappoint John but thinking it might be for the best for him to just stop-
"So...um...but it is pleasurable? If I penetrate you with my fingers? A bit?"
Sherlock took his hand away again, watching John as he cried out despairingly, pumping his hips up, trying to get friction on his cock.
"This morning he...well, he's tried everything. I'm a good man, Greg, but bloody hell, I'm not a saint. Take the focus of his genius brain, and transplant it into him doing everything he can to get my..." he drifted off, chuckling quietly.
Sherlock gasped under the onslaught. The idea of John-
“Why do you want to tell me so much? Stop trying to piss me off just because I haven’t gotten laid in months. It’s not for lack of trying, believe me. You don’t have to rub it in,” John murmured irritably.
“Probably. So…” John stretched, and let the cat amble eagerly over to the food, starting to scoff it down. “…The sex is off, then?”
Edward. Edward...Ah, yes. Edward Ferrars. Murdered three people who'd stiffed him while buying drugs one night.
Sherlock listened, expecting to hear John's sleepy snore...but the seconds ticked past and there was no sound from the bed. Slightly panicked, he rose up, only to find that John wasn't there. He wasn't in the room anywhere and Sherlock remembered- he'd gone to make coffee. A feeble excuse at avoiding him, but he'd let John have it none the less. A quick check of his mobile confirmed that had been hours ago...and John hadn't come back.
"It'll do for now," Sherlock replied, blushing but managing to wink cheekily. The effect was endearingly innocent and John felt something huge and hot rise up in his chest at the sight. He cleared his throat, looking away, masking over the emotion as best he could. After the emotional turmoil of the previous night, he wasn’t ready for any heartfelt declarations this morning.
“…Give me… a moment,” Sherlock mumbled between his quivering breaths, dropping his face to the crook of John’s neck and regaining control, trying to compose himself.
"Not...it won't fit." John fiddled with the now damp sight. "Not unless you want stitches after." He quipped, smirking, and Shaun chuckled.
"...I didn't know it was going to turn out like that. And who's to say that we wouldn't
"I said I wouldn't let you go, and I
, I didn't see it." John laughed, lightening up the room metaphorically, and Sherlock's heart literally.
"I...I watched your porn." Sherlock mumbled, avoiding looking at John. "While you were out. Sometimes. With your girlfriends. And...in the porn you liked- I only watched the ones you'd viewed multiple times in order to get the most accurate portrayal...that's what the women always said so I thought...that's what you wanted to hear..."
"Yes. If you…if you really want."
This train of thought really wasn't helping, John thought, huffing. In fact the locomotive transporting the lascivious, filthy thoughts which were currently plaguing him was rapidly wobbling off of the tracks of decency and getting ready to wreck itself in an embarrassing encounter.
"I can't argue that you do look very...fit," John smirked, eyes focussing pointedly at Sherlock's firm backside as hthe detective bent to pull his underwear and tailored trousers back on. His un-spent cock gave a little, sore twitch as the fabric caged it once more.
The smaller man nodded in understanding, and settled tentatively upon his partner’s body, which took his weight easily and without complaint.
“’Fine?’ Really?...Excellent.”
John closed the curtains and turned on the light with remarkable tranquillity before perching on the edge of their bed, calmly removing his jeans and socks and tossing them aside in a distracting flurry of fabric.
"I know…would you, though?" the detective asked uncertainly.
"I bet you're wondering - " John grimaced briefly, gritting his teeth, "How much...you can...
Pen. – SH
He raised his voice shamelessly, as his hips shoved harder, his backside flexing powerfully, and his voice broke under pressure.
Sherlock wasn't quite sure whether the sexually-invigorating words he had in mind would work, so he decided to carry on expounding his thoughts on the current case. He squinted and swallowed a few times before he could talk again.
The first thought that came to John's mind was
Sherlock didn't even open his eyes. "That particular model or do you mean a toy- toys- in general?"
He left a voice message for his lover, clearing his throat a bit self-consciously as he tried not to sound like he was at all anxious, and making his own voice sound even more strained as a result.
"What's the problem, dear? Is it all...working...that way?"
Sherlock, dizzied and dazed by lust, by the cloying words John was saying, flinched in delight as John relentlessly smooched across his cheekbones, his jaw, traced the little dip of his philtrum with his tongue, making Sherlock gasp.
"...Since...since you're not...here," Sherlock managed. Biting down upon his luscious bottom lip, the detective sobbed gratingly, his deep baritone voice suddenly croaky and broken, "John...talk. Need to...John, talk to me," he wheezed, his head beginning to ache, his muscles screaming in protest, his blood pounding and his swollen cock pulsing madly in pursuit of a seemingly inaccessible climax.
"I know, please," Shaun beseeched, and he sensed John hesitating as he eyed the scarlet, sore stripes already decorating his slim backside like perverted medals of honour.
“How ready would
Sherlock watched John go, biting his lip, a worrying fear clawing at his chest. He knew John was a man of his word- unswervingly loyal- if he said he was going to break it off with his women then that's exactly what he would do. Sherlock should be able to trust him. What if he didn't, though? What if he strung them along, told them he was just busy, waiting to see how this...whatever it was...worked out with Sherlock? Keeping his options open.
"How long were the two of you dating? What were the circumstances of your separation? How often, on average, did the two of you engage in sexual relations? When did the sexual side of your relationship begin? Was he a one-night stand- how did everything develop?" Sherlock took a deep breath, poised to ask more questions before John stopped him.
“Why would I tell anyone? Who would I tell?” Sherlock said with a small scoff that blew over John’s hairline just before Sherlock’s lips brushed the sensitive skin of his ear. “Your secret is safe with me, John.” John could literally hear the smirk that grew after the uttered words.
remarkable.
"Is this all right?" John asked, his voice still low, incredibly intimate in the darkness of the flat, and Sherlock shivered, wordlessly nodding. John's fingers slid further down, lower, brushing against the bottom of Sherlock's cock.
cock pounding into me-"
There was a long moment of pure, sweet silence.
"...Oh...fuck yes," he mumbled deliriously, slowly becoming aware, through the fog of his orgasm, of Sherlock twisting beneath him, gasping for air as though he were being suffocated, each exhale ending in an agonized, pitiful moan. John swallowed, and opened his eyes to grin at his debauched love.
A group of young men (Sherlock felt justified he'd gauged their ages correctly) were grouped beneath the trees, cackling with laughter, shoving each other and stumbling about. Clearly drunk. There was a crackle of undergrowth and broken branches as one was pushed into a holly bush, before his assailant had his half-empty Bud bottle wrenched from his hands. The reek of alcohol was getting stronger, and one of the men, with a ruddy face and a tattooed neck, stumbled to the edge of the lake and peered at it, as if looking for the phone.
, it’s…weird!” John complained, glancing down at his own barely-clad body self-consciously, then at the skunk who sat on the dressing table ten feet away, his beady dark eyes fixed expressionlessly on the couple on the bed.
Sherlock, in the over-decorated private room that was trying far too hard to be sumptuous, pocketed the bundle of notes, before his mouth was molested by the older man’s, an inelegant tongue prodding against his lips, whilst eager hands squeezed his leather-clad hips.
After a few trembling, steaming seconds, Sherlock bravely pushed himself back upright, self-consciously wiping the back of a hand across his mouth as he swayed just a little on his feet. His entire face was a delicious wet, rosy pink, and he looked absolutely exhausted. He met his doctor’s gaze, which somehow made John look like he didn’t know whether to cuddle him, worship him, or fuck him through the floor.
His fingernails raked audibly on the bed and Sherlock's head fell back, knocking the wooden headboard noisily against the wall. He hissed repressed breaths through clenched teeth, grimacing as if in pain as compulsive, shuddery spasms brutalised the tight muscles of his thighs and stomach. He struggled to enunciate, feeling his orgasm pulsing, taunting, delicious, but refusing to break free.
John himself had woken up hard, but he was almost done in by Sherlock's awkward words - as was often the case before they made love, the brunette articulated a blend of well-spoken pronouncements and a shaky, aroused wordlessness. John loved reducing his usually loquacious genius to that.
“I’m busy.”
"Really? You don't think this is...becoming?" Sherlock asked, eyebrows raised, before giving into his deep, infectious giggle.
The detective stumbled slightly awkwardly in the dark, his foot catching what was presumably some sort of bottle of cleaning fluid.
"Is he okay?"
"I want you there with me." John walked around so he could look at Sherlock's eyes, which were downcast and sad. John felt like a colossal arse. "I really do, Sherlock. Come with me. I'll wait for you to get dressed."
The detective sighed and expounded some more, while his companions stood by. "She knew, or at the very least, knew of, the true criminal. She attempted to help him with the fake robbery here...the 'stolen' animals are probably in the bins outside. It's worth retrieving them to be sure. She was an amateur, the spider turned against her, stung her, she died. One less person to apprehend," he hummed.
"Oi! Cocksuckers! Where d'you think you're going?"
John had a dizzying thought as their size difference made it necessary for him to clamber up a little onto Sherlock's back, wrapping his arms tightly around his lover's chest - that they really must look like fucking animals. The idea didn't dampen his buzzing excitement.
"John?"
Sherlock wished he hadn't taken his t-shirt off. He felt exposed.
Sherlock blinked rapidly to clear his vision and peered at the screen. Then he smiled, a slow, satisfied smile which crinkled the corners of his eyes and made him look, to John, ten years younger.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak- but closed it again just as quickly, instead lowering his eyes and schooling his long musician's fingers to slowly fiddle, as if with incompetence, at the button of John's jeans. Now that he was freed of the mind-melting arousal, he intended to tease John as much as he could, watch every little twitch and spasm, hear every gasp and plea. John's relieved sigh when the button finally popped free was music to Sherlock's ears and he repressed his smile at the way John's body strained as he slowly...slowly...
Sherlock had just taken the last bite as Mrs Hudson came rushing into the room, her usually pristine hair now haphazardly ruffled and a dressing gown pulled tight around her body.
"M'close." He murmured, shivering at the wash of pleasure Sherlock was evoking. "M'close...Sherlock..."
"Just let yourself go," he whispered, thumbs rubbing at Sherlock's shoulders, feeling the skin prickle with gooseflesh. "I'll be right here. I promise."
"You can touch me under the sheet-"
John clenched his jaw, rubbing the feeling back into his arm and hissing through the pins and needles that followed, "Yeah, why? - You have your own bed! Why are you here?"
John raised an eyebrow, finding the whole ordeal more entertaining than it probably should have been. Part of his mind was telling him that this was purely hypothetical and he certainly was
. John and Lestrade would get involved in the game, start trading witticisms and ridiculous stories of their own glory days, drinking all the while...
The detective halted in feverish disbelief, panting heavily, eyes wide in horror and staring at nothing, and uttered two simple words -
"Yes, he's very amazing. He has so many talents. You can tell John's an ex-soldier - he can throw me down - and hold me down, too - with practically no effort. He has
“For you."
He slumped down onto Sherlock, whose long arms came up to clutch at John's sweaty sides, holding him to Sherlock's heaving chest with shaky intensity. John huffed, breath slow to come back, entirely shattered.
"Sorry, I know that was probably too much." John admitted, grasping Sherlock's hand and giving it a squeeze. Sherlock tiredly squeezed back.
"Are you sorry for what you did today?" John asked calmly, trying not to let Sherlock see that he was three seconds away from helping his sweetie out. A little orgasm denial was fine here and there- they both enjoyed it- but John didn't want to make Sherlock suffer...too much.
“I must admit, I’m slightly lost now. What’s supposed to happen?”  He winced as a particularly searing spear of hot sunlight hit his pale eyes. John was briefly dazzled by the luminous green fire in them, and transfixed by the imperfect little brown dot in Sherlock’s iris that he was secretly enamoured with.
Sherlock smirked. "Well...I was going to see how many hits we got...on the blog...you know we've got two photos now? I sort of...added another one...one that's a bit more...intimate," he murmured in a throaty admission. "Remember the time we were a bit drunk and ended up...you know...outside that pub in Whitechapel?"
He hadn't managed to bed John yet.
"Call Donovan in on your way out." Lestrade said, scribbling for all he was worth. "And I'll be calling you later to check these facts."
Sherlock fixed him with a devastating stare that managed to be blatantly lustful, and yet construed by normal people as an innocent expression. "Don't worry, you'll have something to drink."
"What else did you do...with him?"
John chuckled weakly, not very amused by Sherlock's antics. "If you'd had a toy bigger than that I'd have started getting an inferiority complex." He grumbled, loathe to admit he felt just the
sex that he had experienced with his ex-army colleague. He then shook his head slightly at the thought of inflicting any sort of pain upon Sherlock, who he really did love more than anything.
"Move back to your bloody seat, Shaun. You had your chance and you blew it. I wouldn't have come out tonight if I thought it involved seeing your fucking smug face again."
enlighten him.
John seemed strangely reluctant to sit beside Sherlock on the cheap, un-made bed, where Sherlock lay innocuously enough (at least he thought so) on the covers, fully-clothed apart from his shoes. His toes curled and his feet bounced very slightly on the lumpy mattress, a habit he had when he was stressed. John's face reddened tellingly, and he swallowed thickly, his throat bobbing noticeably from across the room.
It took him a good ten minutes to stand up, sniff up the excess sentiment that was irritating his sinuses, and groggily begin to get dressed. Mrs. Hudson had always been a motherly figure to him - that is, she was fond of him, with the requisite amount of common sense, and unafraid to speak her mind.
had a misunderstanding. And yes, I'm disappointed, ok? But that isn't your fault. Just...calm down."
"Hmm," he pondered aloud, as if wondering if he could extract DNA from this sample and perhaps pinpoint some kind of 'dick-head' gene.
The detective suddenly sat up, with only the briefest wobble, smoothed his own wet curls back from his face, and then grabbed John's face with hot, damp hands for a ferocious kiss.
"John...you're so..." Sherlock's deep, grating voice caught and he let out another indulgent sigh, hips definitely pumping slightly now.
"I don't see how that's relevant."
Sherlock emitted an honest, deep-toned chuckle. "What you've done to
"What? Really?" John looked up again, marvelling at the architecture. "That's amazing. Not surprised, I guess. Don't tell me - some of the royal family’s stayed here at some point."
"Hypothetical...are you serious?" he snorted, bringing his drink to his lips only to realise it was empty. He chuckled again and put the empty glass on the bar.
With a deep and positively loud exclamation, Sherlock shifted his legs, lifted his hips some more, and raucously began moaning and grunting with each thrust, “Mm…
, ok?" John said, staring at Sherlock sternly. "We just had a misunderstanding.
“Definitely.”
"What?" Sherlock snapped and before he could go any further, John rose up on tiptoe and claimed a vicious, hard, quick kiss. He pulled back with a smack of lips.
He leaned over Sherlock, grinding against him again, their chests warmly pressing together, and licked at the place on Sherlock's neck he'd sucked earlier. "And god, I can't wait to fuck you like you want. Like you deserve."
“No.”
As music started playing, John brought his towel up and scrubbed at his hair, feeling a little ridiculous as he struck something of a pose, legs spread apart, one hip cocked to the side, arse on display. When he lowered the towel and snuck a glance, Sherlock had wandered in from the hallway and was hovering, unsure and clearly aroused, in the doorway to the sitting room. His rose was gone and John wondered where he'd dropped it this time.
"We've just received a… a
"I want you to scream when I make you come," John growled, getting a vicarious thrill from doing this- making Shaun jealous, shagging Sherlock in the gents. "I want you to walk back to that table, and for everyone to know what I've done to you."
. He gritted his teeth and tried his utmost to hold back the desperate, breathy yelps that burned up his throat as his body trembled through the orgasmic shocks of previously unknown intensity. The sharp lance of pain in his upper arm translated as the merest whisper in his head under the paralyzing weight of his climax. Sherlock's entire body was trembling, pleasure zinging through his frame. His brain felt fried.
The moment he did so, in a brief and gentle graze, Sherlock exclaimed loudly and bucked forward, almost dislodging John in the process, “
"Did you ever...think about doing this?"
"Fuck yourself." Sherlock murmured, voice as dark as sin. "Fuck yourself on my cock."
Shaun paled, swallowed convulsively, then turned and vomited.
like!”
"Sherl? What're you doing?" John asked, hauling himself up and massaging his left shoulder briefly.
“That’s okay. You can bring it back to life, you know,” Sherlock informed him, grey-green eyes bright with humour.
The brunette licked his plump lips briefly and grinned, holding up his phone and grunting insistently to get John's attention. The doctor glanced at the image on the screen and sighed irritably at the sight of himself, prone and desperate in bed, from a little while earlier. "Is it too much to ask for you to delete that?"
"Why do you think Molly is so potty about you?"
“…Sexually? From a massage?” Sherlock sounded far too interested, amused and satirical at the concept. “Hm – Didn’t you go through physio? How on earth did you manage?” Sherlock’s fingers abruptly spread out, quite possessively, promiscuously, and then were dragged up John’s spine to his nape, before he stopped.
"…Oh...fuck. I'd eventually start to pick up the pace." John latched on to the fantasy he'd been spinning, shivering as Sherlock gave another enthusiastic suck. "I'd make sure you lay still while I…fucking
"Oh...God..." John swallowed through a dry, raw throat, laughing as he swatted Sherlock's hand away from between his buttocks. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have...I just..." He shook his head, mortified, but still grinning.
“If I’d stayed celibate, you would have known something was up.”
John slumped on top of him, breathing ragged, totally exhausted. He couldn't believe what had just happened. How dominating Sherlock had been. What he'd done. He blinked his eyes open to find Sherlock staring up at him earnestly. "Was that...was that good?"
was the way of it, was it? John enjoyed the view, biting his lip, before throwing off the covers and hurrying to the shower. He washed quickly, not taking the usual time he would to leisurely soap his genitals and maybe wank. It was worth it when he came out of the loo and saw Sherlock peeking around the door to the sitting room, wide eyes taking in John's body and widening when he found that John hadn't got himself off yet.
"I...I know I'm not...incredibly skilled with these sorts of things but..."
"My, my! I never knew so much about kimchi. I feel very
John felt a small frown crease his features, not quite liking the predatory look in Sherlock's eyes. "I don't think..." John swallowed hard, unsure what kind of territory he was walking into. Sherlock had been merciless with his deceptions lately, and it had made John wary.
Sherlock shrugged, still fidgeting, and John decided not to argue with him. He got up and obligingly closed the curtains, plunging the room into semi-darkness. Sherlock relaxed against the sofa once the light was dimmer, but his legs trembled when John knelt in front of him, his muscles jumping with nerves.
"Brace yourself against the wall. You'll be glad you did," John ordered quietly, and Shaun obeyed, licking his lips in anticipation. This was going to be good.
"Yes- please-" Sherlock wheezed, body convulsing on the bed with a shiver. "Just- John...something." John grinned and slid his finger into Sherlock's loose, semen-filled hole, searching for his prostate.
"I'd give my life for you." Sherlock answered truthfully, wondering where John was going with this, what bearing it had on their conversation-
Sherlock gasped sharply, his hips bucking up at the contact, needing more. He'd been needing more all afternoon, unsuccessfully trying to get himself off with John's mobile and his own hand, both paltry and useless devices which had done no more than tease him mercilessly. They had been unable to bring him the relief he craved, the relief that he
“Ignore him,” Sherlock growled, as he began soothing John with suckling kisses on his jaw.
...what do you want from me?" John growled, jaw clenched. He didn't know
Sherlock twitched his cupid's bow lips thoughtfully, feeling the waves of irritability ebbing from John, as invisible and yet tangible as radioactive carcinogens. "I'm sorry if I upset you." He said, lowering his eyes as he put on his best act of repentance and humility. "I'm not used to...all these things." He added, knowing adding a grain of truth always made a good apology believable. "I don't like the idea of you with someone else."
“What’s that?” the detective demanded, frowning hard and pointing accusingly at the creature on their doorstep.
Glancing behind him, Sherlock briefly hesitated before inelegantly running to the fridge, dumping a considerable amount of wet cat food into a little bowl for Keith with a voluminous clang of metal can upon plastic. He gave the inquisitive mammal a swift pat on the head, and then dashed into the bedroom, sequestering himself and his partner inside with a quick, metallic slam of the lock.
"We're not going to miss it, Sherlock...Jesus, it's way too early." John muttered, scrubbing his short hair and sitting up reluctantly, Sherlock's obvious enthusiasm propelling him into action.
The doctor grinned, and pushed a soft, questioning kiss against Sherlock’s pliant lips. The detective gave him a tentative smooch back, shivering a little at the voluptuous, wet sound it created.
Sherlock didn't come down John's throat- pity- but he came in John's wet, tight mouth. Spurt after spurt of pent-up need emptied from his body as Sherlock quaked through the rest of his climax, face contorted as he suffered through the final, electrifying pulses of his orgasm, shivering, his grey-green eyes unfocussed and dizzy.
"Look, you want me to suck your cock tonight or what?"
John instantly thought. It's only been eighteen
And apparently stupid.
"Don't be sorry. Ignore me
Sherlock tilted his head, “Weird in what way?”
Molly's flat was...nice. Nothing spectacular. Certainly nothing like 221B. But it was spacious, nicely fitted up and uncluttered. The scent of lemon cleaner lingered in the kitchen and living room, an even more chemical smell lingered in the loo, and Sherlock's nose twitched. It was obvious Molly had speedily tidied up after Sherlock's phone call earlier.
"Thank you,...Molly." He'd said, glancing at her name badge, before dramatically leaving the lab, coat flapping behind him, texting rapidly with one long, pale hand.
“…I’m unsure on what you’re trying to prove here,” Sherlock told him, keeping his hand where John had placed it, his fingertips shifting to automatically press to the fluttering patch of skin. “We’ve established that you get… affected by massages and this is the result of that. If another person did the same thing as I did, would you not have the same response?”
Jason scoffed, derisive, clearly trying to rally himself after Sherlock's rapid-fire deductions. "That's bollocks. That's all utter bollocks. Jealous? Of you? You really are full of yourself, huh? What would I be jealous of, you cock-sucking filth? Getting fucked up the arse on a daily basis?"
"Please...John..." Sherlock gasped, fisting his cock slowly. It wasn't enough. He needed more. "I need batteries."
John looked over his shoulder to where Sherlock was still standing in front of the loo door, the withered rose in his hand seemingly forgotten, and quirked an expressive brow. Sherlock's long fingers visibly twitched and a slightly-drunken expression clouded his pale, grey-green eyes.
"Perfectly valid terminology. Future
"Sherl…you have to go faster…please," John implored. His jaw was aching, his shoulder was throbbing, his knees were killing him.
"Taxi's here," John murmured, after lowering his spare hand, quietly revelling in the fact that for once he had managed to hail a London taxi without the apparent benefit of Sherlock's billowing, hypnotising coat-tails.
"Mm...Sherlock." John dutifully purred, corkscrewing his finger and spreading the slick further along Sherlock's passage. "My gorgeous Sherlock."
John was beyond words. It only took a few twists of Sherlock’s wrist before he was coming, thick stripes painting themselves across Sherlock's skin. The clenching of John's body and the restrained, pained scream of him coming sent Sherlock over the edge as well.
Sherlock glanced up, rather resentfully, at John's wide-open bedroom window, which was inviting the occasional moon-chilled breezes inside, birthing goosebumps on the sleeping doctor's arms even as Sherlock watched, his pale grey-green eyes aided only by the sickly-yellow, feeble streetlights at the end of Baker Street.
“You’ve been busy then,” John quipped, in an adorably awkward attempt to inject some humour into the situation, before scurrying away from Sherlock’s little den of iniquity.
John wasn't gay.
There had been...
“Um…”
He was.
John shrugged. "Photographs of the crime scenes too. Everything. You don't need to be there in person to solve it. You're smart enough."
"Considering the fact I'm gay there's a very small chance I'm going to be producing offspring at any point."
"With our own happily ever after." John whispered back, kissing him again.
John shook his head." Mum. She gets...weird ideas. Thinks the city's the place you come to get mugged, murdered, and raped. It's...well. That's just how she is. Irrational. Was even worse when me and Harry were kids. More annoying now because we're old enough to take care of ourselves. Or well...I am. Can't say the same about Harry."
"Son of a-"
"Oh, god, Sherlock, I love the sound of your voice." John interrupted Sherlock's whine, closing his eyes and throwing his head back.
John pulled back after a few seconds, chuckling. "Easy, boy," he reprimanded and Sherlock narrowed his eyes in a predatory fashion and looked ready to strike again, when John suddenly halted the taller man with flat palms on his sumptuous purple shirt, his expression inexplicably anxious.
"I'll be back soon, Sherlock." John chuckled, eluding the long, grasping hands of his lover. "Try not to get in any trouble while I'm gone."
"Let's get this over with." John ignored Sherlock's and his...predicament and snatched up the pants in the correct sizes. "You may want to put that away before we go out."
"Sherlock, it would take a million words...and the smallest grin to show you what I feel, if only you would see it. I...It's difficult to describe."
“Of course.”
He didn't do relationships.
"If you're going to do that...hurry it up...if you're not finished in five minutes I'm going," Sherlock growled, unsure whether he was more frustrated at being delayed in the investigation, or at his own cock's less-than-ideal eagerness in the proceedings.
...fuck me…
John relented somewhat, taking Sherlock's face in both hands, cupping his hard, red-stained cheekbones, hypnotised by his plump lips and inebriated pale eyes. "Beautiful."
"Describe in every detail you can manage, how you want me to lick…or suck…or touch you. And I warn you, John, I won't be patient when it comes to your stuttered adjectives." Sherlock grinned with predatory amusement while John wondered where in the hell his shy virgin lover had gone, the one who had trouble articulating the simplest of things, and when this mischievous man had taken his place.
"When? When- earlier?" Sherlock was still desperately trying to remember what he'd said.
"I'm teasing, Sherlock. Seriously. I don't mind- we'll do whatever you want." He sighed, contented, and Sherlock shuffled back into his embrace, pushing John the tiniest bit closer to the edge of the bed.
"...Exhausting, potentially.
John felt like a bug under a microscope as both Sherlock and Chaucer turned to stare at him, sizing him up, their eyes centred on his groin. He felt as if he needed to cover himself from their stares.
Behind Sherlock's open eyes, flashing in distracting, vibrant visualisations in his Mind Palace, the occupants (some uninvited, but residing as stubbornly as junkie squatters nonetheless), spoke up.
Sherlock chanted to himself, trying to will his orgasm away...but his arse rhythmically clenched around John's finger, reminding him of how full he felt, the burning pleasure sharp and intense-
John didn't so much as laugh. "No. I'm going to take a bath." He stomped over to the loo, leaving Sherlock staring forlornly after him.
"Christ. That was amazing." He giggled, kissing Sherlock lazily, breaths huffing hot and damp against Sherlock's cheek. "What made you want to do this? I mean, I'm glad you did- fuck, am I glad..."
"Did you bring any lube?"
"Y-yes. Fuck, Sherlock, yes, of course."
“Fine, whatever, just stop talking so loudly.”
As soon as the doors slid open, Sherlock was off like a shot, leaving John behind to trail after him. John made sure to keep Sherlock in his line of sight. The supermarket was buzzing, noisy and crowded, and John knew he would have a job of it.
John stifled a curse. "
"Can I touch you?"
"Prize.” Sherlock couldn’t believe John had called him a prize. It was almost too much to believe- and what a poor prize he probably made to John…but he liked it. He hoped he was worthy of John Watson.
Jason, blood streaming over the lower half of his face, nose dripping fat drops of crimson onto his shirt and spattering the tiles, gave an enraged growl before launching himself at John, catching the army doctor around the middle in a sudden rush. John, already braced for the attack, reflexively kneed Jason in the crotch hard, twisted sharply, and with a force and strength that belied his small stature, wrestled Jason onto his back on the grubby, crumb-adorned staff room floor.
"...John?"
"You've practiced?"
Whoops - I'm not sure what happened here XD Extra chapter it is, then XP
Sherlock shouted, surprised, and came, his release dampening his pyjama bottoms and dripping, warm and sticky, onto his legs. He shivered, gasping, suddenly aware of how awkwardly he was positioned, on the floor like a slut, his mind unhelpfully supplying all the things he'd said to John...
Sherlock suddenly jolted slightly, his overly- petulant pout having alerted him to the self-inflicted bite wound on his plump lower lip. Easing himself into a sitting position with an exaggerated groan, he pawed his knuckles across his mouth to find them faintly daubed with half-dried, flaking blood.
Lost in his self-recriminations, Sherlock was startled by the sound of the doorbell. He listened as John scurried upstairs to find some clothes before answering the door, although they both knew he needn't have worried. Mrs. Hudson was already awake and she always collected and delivered their post, no matter what time, day or night.
- those hands touching.
He turned his head and huffed with laughter at the disgruntled grimace on the detective’s face at being seen as anything but a brain.
"Fuck, Sherlock. You can't just say things like that..."
"Ugh," John heaved, giving an inadvertent full-body shudder as he rode his brief aftershocks, trying to drag them out a little more by offering a few sharp thrusts that caused his lukewarm, wet cock to slip up the irresistible pale fullness of the detective’s left buttock. "
Sherlock was happy. He was extremely happy. He couldn't keep himself from smiling while he walked in the dark streets, hoping no one would notice him. He had no idea where they were going that day, but he trusted the doctor's good taste so much he knew it would be so easly breathtaking as doctor's daily presence in his life was. Sherlock was a sensible and deeply - deeply in love.
-I will be with you very soon.
It was Sherlock’s turn.
The man coughed sometimes before getting up and start to the explain himself. For some reason, Dr. Watson recognized his voice was so low because of how weak he was, not because he was trying to be cautious as the - probably - older one.
But it was unfair to him for her to stop calling him daddy.
"And remember that, from where we are, me and your (still beautiful, still very mine) daddy can see you and want to help you."
"For my daughter's first love."
"My love story with Mr. William Sherlock Scott Holmes was extraordinary, but not complicated."
-You can't. - Watson replied, simply.
-God, Holmes!- Watson started, scared for life. - How could you possibly know that?
-Listen, Watson! - Sherlock screamed one more time, catching the older one's attention. He moved his curly hair and got closer from his companion. - There is a lady here that says she knows you.
They walked in, all those bodies behidn small showers, that now represented the last breath before the future. The eternal life.
-Do you want me to kiss you now?
-Oh, yes, Holmes. She has the custom of calling me Hans.
-Yes, she is.
-Oh, yes.I am sorry, childre, but I have to talk to this little man that just woke up, ok? - Holmes spoke, with a childish, sweet voice. - She is just fine, but she insists you, doctor, have another name.
-Oh, this happens all the time, you don't have to worry. - the curly haired guy spoke, tying to feel calm. He used the sink to clean his own hands.
The warning.
Since the eyes changing color, since the nose, the defined lips and how tall he was. Sherlock Holmes was a miracle and John Watson didn't knew how he felt about it.
-Yes. And she looks a lot like you. That's why I came back, Rosamund deserves a dad! And, if I didn't came back, I would have to cross the country on a ship and Rosie would hate me. My parents are moving somewhere else, somewhere where they can live in peace.
-Rosie? - the old lady entered her room with a lot of curiosity and concern that only a mother figure would have. - What happend, honey? You can talk to me, I will surely understand.
J    S M O RIA TY
-I'm sorry?
Rosie was on the floor, smiling as if she knew revolution was staring on her own house.
Dr. Watson was worried. He was worried about the color his eyes were getting and the weird shine on the look of the one man that got away for a few hours. John expected that, as he was the person that got him a home, he would be a little more faithful to the rules, because there was only one: "DO NOT LEAVE THE HOUSE".
-Mary, you will not live with me again. How can you try to mess up my whole life again? You decided to leave, I got better without your help, so I don't want you to try to come back. It was your choice and I preffer you keep it this way until your very last breath.
-She doesn't know how to speak, Holmes.
-I can't believe this. Not this, Sherly. - he screamed, one more time, while his chest moved quickly. - God, I hate that man.
-Yes, she liked when I speak like that. - he awnsered, laying hte kid down in the desk John had and taking her dirty clothes off as well as her dirty diaper. - Will you help me with this, doctor?
-So, I'll go.
-Sherlock Holmes. - he smiled and shaked her hand.
Mr. Holmes nodded with his head and agreed with staying at the house for six hours before Dr. Watson came back and sit in his own chair. Holmes sat down in the other chair, making the older one shake.
John grabbed his little soster, putting her on his lap and taking her to his room. Harry was just some years younger, but still almost had her brother's height,him being the smallest guy in his classroom.
Holmes got up, looking at the clothes Watson was wearing.
"See, there was a time where I just couldn't not love him, it was something I couldn't control as I used to control the rest of my life. I loved everything about him and made it very clear."
Analyzing all of those problems conjoined with the natural stress of someone who lived in that country during a war, he concluded that he couldn't really explain how the sir still could talk and stay sit down (he stopped walking when he was 102, but he still talked like a teenager).
-Well, I... You know, you understand exactly what I mean to say, I can see by the position of your mouth and your shoes and the extra locks on your door and maybe, but only maybe, the existence of a gun in that wardrobe.
-I need to visit an old friend. - Watson announced, when things finally calmed down. His sheltered was sitting on the same chair he always was sat (in John's imagination, there was always someone there.) and was taking a glass of hot tea with some cookies made by the doctor. - Lestrade would be charmed in receiving you too, we could say you are family or something... You decide it, but I would like if you could come.
-Have you ever been in love?
-I visit patients that don't have the money to afford treatment. - Watson got up, taking two mugs and tea. Holmes took one of the mugs. - I don't know what time I'm coming back, is it going to be okay?
The point is: jews were not allowed to walk in parks, open areas, theaters or any type of places that could give them some fun. No on in that country wanted them near, those big nosed, dirty men that stole their money. No one wanted them to feel confortable. Everyone only wished they would be treated as animals.
The first punch came with a high noise. Harry desperately moved closer to her brother's body. The boy couldn't cry, wouldn't cry. He would never show himself as weak to his sister.
He just didn't knew if it was because of goodness or loneliness.
-John.
Holmes nodded, agreeing with the idea Watson has. He coughed some times.
-I wasn't talking about me.
"I loved him so, so much, dying by his side was a blessing. Dying side to side, feeling his smell mixing with mine, seeing the sparkle on his eyes while I wore his clothes, feeling the taste of his lips on mine."
He let Rosie with Mrs. Hudson. She, surely, knew about Sherlock and John's situation, and she adored them. Rosie loved her, but she couldn't stay long in someone's house if John wasn't with her.
She was on the ground, but still had the same look on her face that said she didn't knew what was happening. Even Watson had that same look now, and that worried the young man that stand right on his side, with his eyes wide open.
-Why?
-Well, Mr. Holmes, we'll find a way. - Watson gave him a smile. - But to the fact that my pajamas look extremely short on your body and that your hair dries really quickly, I fear there are no solutions.
-Sherly, love? – he whispered, first.
They spent the whole afternoon sitting on their chairs, looking at the fire and eating soup with Rosie, who messed up Holmes' clothes with the liquid. Watson smiled everytime the small kid tried to communicate with the tall young boy, that replied her incomprehensible questions with a childish voice.
-Well, this came off without meaning, but I really want to know. Tell me your favorite color, your wishes, how your childhood was.
-I am talking about family, Mr. Watson. - the blonde haired cleared it up, grabbing Sherlock's hand and smiling without fear. - Bceuase, yes, this is my family. I have a beautiful companion who I loved more than anything and we both have a daughter that will learn that the sickness on the world was not the fact that she was created by two dads, but the fact that love was considered a crime in a world where hate is the rule. She will be the girl to be on the streets, claiming for her rights as a woman and a student, she will be the one who understands all of this as a part of history and not as truth. Because mental health is not a choice, life style is not a choice... And love, that, by sure, will never be a choice. Sherlock, my love, take Rosie to Mrs. Hudson.
There was an awkward moment of silence while Watson put his pajamas on the bathroom and sat on his beautiful bed.
"Jam...ie was my light, but they took her too soon and I am so sorry about that,everyday of my life."
John looked at the sides, but everyone seemed the same person.
-It's okay, John.
Because nothing was, in fact, easy.
-Doctor Watson, if you allow me, I know what you are going to say and you, sir, know I face it with such a naturality because it is also my situation. - Holmes smiled for a while before he got up. - I see you,sir, staring at young men in the streets when we go out, and it's completely fine.
That, soon, proved itself right. The father let them pick one object of each. They could have pciked a piece of bread or chocolate.
She smiled ironically and put the baby on her hands.
The only thing they still had was the cemetery.
"Love, when sincere and pure, mark the lives of those who look for a reason to live life, complicated as it is."
They were one.
But John took his diary and Sherlock took a drawing of Rosie.
-You are staying, I'm taking care of this for you. Sit back there and stay quiet as I bring my stuff. - Watson pointed at the chair in the kitchen, where Holmes sat down immediately.
They slept together, because there were no enough beds for every prisioner. They were a lot, all wearing the same old clothes and smelling as smoke and sweat mixed together.
-God, I thank every day for this.
Holmes smiled, caressing the child's cheek.
Oh, they were curly.
-Sorry?
-Obviously, not. – Sherlock replied, holding his boyfriend’s waist to calm him down. – We all know what they do with twins on here.
"...Y-ep," Greg nodded with over-the-top finality, sending his text and smoothly picking up his pint. "You were saying. About your nurses," he chuckled dirtily.
The dark-haired detective, clad in only his underwear, chuckled from his position straddling his doctor. He grinned his crinkly grin, bumped his hips playfully, and then continued chewing softly on John’s neck.
"Oh…oh
She'd hoped- when Sherlock had rang earlier and asked for a place for him and John to sleep for a few days- that something might
"Like I said...there's a limit to how much Sherlock I can handle. You, on the other hand, different matter. I know how you tick," Greg jested, looking smug.
"I didn't kill your rose, you bloody idiot!" John's voice came through the door, muffled and irritated. "You forgot to put it in water-"
_-_-_-_
“Get the fountain pen,” Sherlock told him, once more looking him over. “Please.”
"You have nothing to apologize for." He murmured, glancing coyly at John. "I think I'd prefer to walk, if it's all the same to you."
"Hmmm....my cock? I never give you that. You would be so lucky." Shaun joked and John smiled tightly in response, knowing Shaun wasn't going to take him seriously. He sighed inwardly and turned away.
John knew that Sherlock wouldn't risk the sting by making any contact...even eye contact, with John. Nevertheless, it destroyed him to watch Sherlock being led away by the hand.
John struggled against his own smug grin, suckling upon Sherlock’s twitching, yearning cock.
“I think that’s quite cute. I’m sorry about the fairy.”
you're not amused. I'd appreciate it if you used it." He snapped, striding to the living room, quite frankly not knowing what he was doing in there. He turned off the irritating CD player and thus the 'sex' song, and sank decisively into his armchair.
. On John, it was
Sherlock choked and squeezed his eyes tightly shut, invigorating his right wrist into reckless, blurry action, his arm muscles rapidly beginning to ache with the fruitless, manic exertion. "John!" he beseeched desperately, his hips jerking, his face contorting, teeth gritting needily.
“Clearly,” Sherlock drawled with a puff of amusement and shuffled to the edge of the bed, slipping off to stand up in front of him. “Pen too. It’s new. Didn’t you notice?”
thing?” Sherlock asked him within a gasp, arching his head back with a small, quavering moan.
Sherlock's eyes widened, and he gasped, staring at John, looking for guidance. John used both of his hands to encompass Sherlock's face.
But John hadn't even
"Of course," Sherlock huffed. "It took me two months to find the right ring for you."
"But...I need to -" John was abruptly cut off as he once again struggled to sit up, as a prepped needle was pushed resolutely into his upper arm, He struggled valiantly for a few seconds before sinking into an ungratifying unconsciousness.
“That’s five minutes too long. Go away.”
"You said...what...that thing you said..."
The detective made a small, indifferent humming noise, which sounded as if it may have accompanied a careless shrug. "Enjoy your lunch."
As John moved to mouth at his stomach, careful not to tickle him, Sherlock’s cock began to show more hopeful interest in the situation, twitching a few times against his lover's chest.
"‘Other things’ indeed. Right, I think we've done enough talking for a bit. Agreed?" John rested his face in Sherlock's thick curls with a faint, gratified sigh.
"……Just leave me," Sherlock muttered, his eyes shimmering, mermaid-green. His beautiful, bruised face was lined, not by the dirty deep giggle that John adored, but in utter despondency.
"Hi, Melissa?...I'm fine, you?...Good, good...The reason I was calling...Well, that was actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I've uh, I've started dating Sherlock-"
," he observed in wonderment, taking the moment to slip his two fingers fully inside Sherlock, loosening the tension in his wrist in case the other man bucked.
"I know. It's just...more the idea..." John muttered, still walking, his legs pumping and Sherlock strode along behind, wondering where they were going and what John had in mind. He staggered through a few brambles and soggy, bare areas of mud as John led him purposefully towards an unwelcoming looking thicket of vegetation in the distance. A group of kids were playing frisbee nearby the little copse, their parents overseeing the proceedings and cooing congratulations loudly with every toss.
"I've never seen anyone bat their eyes in real life. Sort of thing Sherlock'd probably try, though," Greg mused with a smirk. "You know what, you tell me as much as you can, and I'll buy you something nicer than that cat-piss Foster's," he laughed.
With shaking hands, he started the taps, mechanically checking the temperature before stripping off his clothes. It was difficult and under normal circumstances he'd have called Sherlock for help and made a few cheesy innuendos while he got undressed...but Sherlock didn't want him. Probably didn't want to see him naked.
He was still touching himself ponderously, unhurriedly, when Sherlock scuffed his way, yawning mightily, back into the sun-drenched, cool room. The detective turned a lazy head adorned with an impressively dense mess of black curls towards his partner, and stopped in his tracks, staring openly.
"I...I..." Sherlock shook his head as if to clear it. "You didn't want her?"
John nodded and Sherlock crumpled. He buried his face in John's neck, breaths quick and agitated against his skin.
“You’ll never believe what I saw today,” John was saying, as he pulled a carton of chocolate milk from the fridge and took a few grateful swallows.
"My phone isn't enough? You still need to..."John gulped as another shuddering moan ghosted down the line, suddenly realizing what Sherlock was doing. "You're getting yourself off?"
John was as blinkered as a drugged racehorse, elbowing people aside, left right and centre, as he rocketed upstairs, yelling for Sherlock all the way.
The detective’s face flinched a little in contemplation. “I can’t stop thinking about other people.”
"But, you only just...I don't..." Sherlock frowned in honest confusion. "You kissed me...because you wanted to?...And...you were still going to go out with those women? Why didn't you...say something?"
"We need to get to the crime scene. Now that we've wasted so much time," Sherlock snapped, thumbing through his phone and letting Lestrade know that he and John would be on their way. He glanced back at John who was still sprawled inelegantly on the bed, looking shagged-out and happy. Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "Hurry. Put your clothes on. We leave in another minute."
"I understand if you don't want people knowing about us. You already receive enough grief and jabs and attempts at humour just being my friend- how much worse would it be if everyone found out we were together. I understand why you haven't told anyone. It…it makes sense." The idea of John not wanting to tell anyone they were together hurt…but Sherlock shoved it away. It didn't matter if no one else knew, he sternly told himself, just as long as he had John. Just as long as he got to keep John...He could withstand the rest.
"That was mind-blowing, Sherl."
"Oh, yes. Mr. Watson. I know
Speedy’s muffins are very nice…be sure to grab one if you’re ever on a Sherlock pilgrimage XD (and make sure you pay for it! ;) ) And the fairy thing is real :3
"Sherlock?"
John coughed wetly, ignoring the hand and gasping. "You fucking git." He wheezed, streaming eyes glaring at Sherlock in the dark. He coughed again, spit and semen running down his chin as Sherlock stared at him helplessly.
Sherlock felt his heart clench in his chest. He knew what he and John had done up til now hadn't been adventurous. And he'd thought it'd been fine- more than fine, as John had said- but it turned out John wasn't satisfied. This faceless stranger had done all sorts of kinky things to John. To his John. "All sorts."
? She hoped they weren't about to have a row...but at the same time a treacherous, dark part of her heart hoped they
, at Sherlock's full lips, relying on the guidance of the warm huffs of breath and the heat of skin in the darkness to locate Sherlock's delicious mouth.
"Okay, here we go...let me know if...if you don't like this," John cooed, scooting up very close behind him, allowing himself a firm grope of one of Sherlock's luscious buttocks, before easing up his own hard-on, slotting it up into the crease of the taller man's backside, and frotting gently. With an automatic clench in response, Sherlock shifted his hips, angling them back a bit, and glanced over his shoulder at John with a quirking smile. He didn’t speak, but it was obvious that he enjoyed what John had offered by the way his thighs quaked softly.
"Mmhmm." John hummed around his cock and Sherlock's finger missed the button he was searching for, resulting in a text to Lestrade that was less than coherent. He cursed, debated on pushing John away, but a brilliant tongue at his tip put paid to that idea. He would just have to concentrate better.
"Listen to me," John uttered, swallowing hard and noisily, the sound oddly organic and notable against the far-distant hum of the live classical band and the tiniest buzz of conversation in the main room. He bumped suggestively against Sherlock, hard. "You have to listen to
an interesting response.
Pen. – SH
"What're you on about?" He asked. "They're in the right place, Sherlock. They're fruit." He gave Sherlock an amused stare. "You didn't know that?"
"I didn't say you were-"
"In your arse." Sherlock's face
“For anything. – Schedules you need to make or keep, things you need to remember, notes you wish to take, evidence you want to document, private cases you want to write…I know you prefer the old fashioned way. You aren’t so keen, or conversant, when it comes to computers and keyboards. You type horrendously slow, but write incredibly swift and proficient,” Sherlock told him and tilted his head, peering into his face with a hopeful expression and a grin of his own.
," John nodded sagely, watching for Sherlock's reaction to this crudeness.
“Would you mind?”
Sherlock breathed a huge sigh of relief. Swallowing heavily, his chest heaving and limbs trembling, Sherlock wiped his hands ineffectually on pyjama bottoms that covered shaky thighs. He inhaled a few more much needed breaths, his body reluctantly coming down from its orgasmic high, wincing at the feeling of lukewarm semen gluing itself unpleasantly to his crotch and upper thighs. Sherlock stood with a stifled groan, his muscles protesting the movement, his legs having fallen asleep as he knelt beside John's bed.
With a quick, sinuous move that John had never experienced before, Sherlock suddenly had his legs over John's shoulders, and was offering a baritone litany of anguished begging below him.
,” he muttered, the muscles surrounding John’s fingers clamping down strongly in one fluttering wave.
And he wasn't ever letting him go.
“Sh-Sherlock,
"Stop!" He jerked Sherlock's hand away and, in a fit of panic, propelled himself up the bed and out of Sherlock's reach. Sherlock's fingers slid out of John's body and John immediately collapsed on the bed. "Fuck." He sighed, gazing blearily down at Sherlock. Sherlock looked like a parody of a naughty child awaiting punishment, and then flashed an irresistible grin, his eyes laser-like as he surreptitiously dragged a few fingers between John's cheeks, prodding possessively at the hot, soft pucker there.
"I...appreciate the candles." Sherlock said, stilted but wanting to make John feel better. "They...smell nice."
"Tell me what you think." Sherlock said, with a slight, croaky break of his baritone voice. Clearing his throat, his high cheekbones tinged a deep pink, as if the result of a physical assault. John wondered, fondly, if he even realised how deeply he blushed when he was really overwhelmed. "Tell me," Sherlock continued, "...what you imagine, when you think about...that."
"S'up, Sherlock? You look a bit lost," John said casually, as Percy Sledge's "When a Man Loves a Woman" infiltrated the small flat with smooth, sultry tones. He snorted derisively, remembering the last time he'd used the CD player- Sherlock had been gone to Bart's and John had invited one of his girlfriends to the flat for a romantic evening in. They'd had sex to the entire CD currently playing but, for the life of him, John couldn't remember her name. He decided not to mention this to Sherlock.
"Well, thank you for having me and this has been very pleasant but John and I must go and have sex now."
"It was meant to be a surprise. Though," John explained reluctantly, sounding rather more bitter than he actually felt, "Maybe it's for the best. Maybe it's Fate taking action. Maybe it's not meant to be, yet."
"No, I'm not." Sherlock hissed, anger and pain lacing his voice and turning it venomous. "I know I'm not and you don't have to
"Filthy things." John crawled onto the bed after Sherlock. Sherlock's heart began thundering in his chest. "Utterly wicked things. You'll beg me to stop...but I'll just keep going.”
“Yeah, ‘oh,’” John grinned reassuringly, before cupping a hand behind Sherlock’s head and pulling him down gently, but firmly, into a kiss. His other hand settled on Sherlock’s hip, and the resultant muffled “Mph!” of revelation from the taller man was glorious.
John's face swam into his line of sight and he froze in disbelief.
Sherlock emitted a highly-agonized moan and crawled on hands and knees to the side of bed, where he then appeared to lose all remaining energy and just knelt beside it, faffing about and groping at the mattress vaguely.
“This
Sherlock growled. He thought about leaving the room. That would show John. If he just got up and left. But no. He couldn't leave. Not when John had so obviously found his own prostate, eyes widening as he moaned, hand working faster under the sheets.
"Your face is only the beginning.“
"You're doing fine, John." He smiled at him, trying to look innocent but John's scowl darkened. He opened his mouth, no doubt to unleash a furious tirade at Sherlock, but at that moment, the front door buzzed and Sherlock turned to find Molly herself opening it for him.
Logically, he was aware he couldn't stay in his current position forever - weighing down a cut-price lilo with a very slow leak, and smothered by a Tesco's sheet which was stiff and coarse and causing him to over-heat.
perfect, you crazy tosser." John murmured back gently, cupping his hand around Sherlock's softening cock and testicles, giving him the comfort of warmth and touch while he was at his most vulnerable. "You drive me mad, you do. But...it only drives me mad because...because I love you. So damn much."
"I'll just...just go and get what you were asking for." She said feebly, edging out of the kitchen and making her escape.
Greg spluttered on his pint, blowing froth up his nose before he set the drink aside and tried not to dissolve into a coughing fit.
“I know enough to know that you don’t own one, Sherlock. Because if you did, you’d probably have no qualms about leaving it in the kitchen for me to trip over.”
. This is you wanting me so fucking much you-
"Ah, god." John moaned, head falling back- before he hissed, the movement pulling on his wound and making pain flare up again. He brought his head forward, watching as Sherlock glanced up at him, concern brightening his eyes and chasing away the lust of before. "I'm fine." John whispered, caressing Sherlock's head. He winced as his injured arm twinged and he swallowed down a grunt of pain. He distracted himself by fingering Sherlock’s glossy curls with his good hand, pulling at them hard enough to make Sherlock’s eyelids flutter.
"Do you want to remember how we first made love- and don't argue with me, Sherlock, that's exactly what we did-...the first time, here in this bed? How you shook and came for me before I was even inside you?" John asked, nibbling at Sherlock's throat. "Do you want to remember how beautiful I thought you were? How I couldn't believe that you wanted me? That it took you almost thirty minutes to convince me?"
"It belongs to you. Of
“Yes.”
Shaun stiffened, stilling his lazy movements at his cock. He pulled away from John, staring down at him incredulously-
"What happens when a man loves a man?" Sherlock blurted abruptly, his cheeks burning as he watched John towelling off.
John glanced down at his erect cock, eyeing it playfully, speculatively. "Yes, I think so."
"I said, are you sorry for what you did today?" John repeated and Sherlock gasped.
"...I don't...I don't think I can make it last.” John gasped, sucking in a few tremulous breaths, his features contorting into something resembling anguish as his eyes started to close tellingly. Short, sharp wheezes and faint, masculine grunts of exertion betrayed his imminent orgasm, but also the fact that he was trying to hold back. Sherlock had waited weeks. He wouldn't brook one more second of patience.
Sherlock opened his mouth to expound his statistics on London's male rape crimes, the high ratio of rapes to murders, and inform John of a relevant rape-murder involving a drag queen which had happened two streets over less than three years ago…but changed his mind at the last second.
“COME IN!” Sherlock yelled at an unnecessarily deafening volume, before curling himself up on the sofa and snuggling the cushion against his crotch, smirking indulgently. John tutted and double-checked his attire as their landlady opened and peeked through their door with a sweet grin.
"You have a great arse." John muttered and it sounded so crude coming from him, as if it were something Sherlock would hear passing by a rowdy construction site, that his cock twitched, hardening even further. "I can't wait until you let me bite it."
In the damp, chilly, and silent atmosphere of the inadequately heated staff-room, the crunch of cartilage was practically deafening.
"Wait just...just a bit." John beseeched, grimacing, the burn of the penetration softened by the ethanol buzzing in his system, but still painful.
. Sherlock thought, irritated. He was still intent on going to the loo and locking it, taking the time to pluck up his courage before coming back out in what were suddenly ridiculously small briefs. What had he been thinking when he bought them?
in." John stressed, hugging Sherlock tighter to him. The embrace hurt Sherlock's aching ribs but he didn't protest, relishing the contact. "Sherlock...I don't want anything to happen to you. I wasn't there to help and you almost got yourself..."
Well- this is it! This is the last chapter of Frustration. There will be a sequel to this story at a later date :)
"Oh, Sherlock." John sighed, shaking his head. "Tell me exactly what you've been doing to yourself, love." He murmured, beginning to pick open his maroon shirt with leisure in his movements and a dangerous brightness in his dark blue eyes as he silently appreciated the detective's shivering, sweat-soaked skin.
After waking up, he had insistently prodded the staff (who were absent more often than not) for information, and learnt that the kid had indeed passed away after his injury. The fact of the ragged wound in his own shoulder seemed almost incidental, and with all the pain meds he was on, he hardly gave it a second thought.
He thought about trying to drift back to sleep but without John he was too cold.
"Sherlock...if you don't want to do this, it's fine.” John said, taking pity on him. Honestly, he didn’t want to push him too hard. Fun was fun but not at Sherlock’s expense. “And if you do want to do it, it's nothing to be scared of. After the first time, it always gets easier," John parted his legs further, extending his right arm in invitation for a kiss.
“But I-“ John had started speaking before his brain could catch up with this unsurprising revelation.  “Oh……are you sure?” He asked awkwardly, before wincing at the idiocy of the question.
"Oh, Sherlock. That's not nice. Not the way to start a brand new, shiny year. If you don't cheer up and come out, I'm coming in there."
Hi again dudes and dudettes, we hope you enjoy! :D
"Surprised by that." John's finger pressed more insistently against him. "Would've thought you'd want to know everything. And since you've been trying to suppress your gag reflex...only serves to reason…"
John finally slumped against the bed, boneless, and blinked up at Sherlock, smiling tiredly. "Fuck...Sherlock." He sighed, stretching his overworked muscles, blissfully relaxed.
"You forgot something, Sherl," John murmured, nibbling on his bottom lip as he watched his pale, beautiful, and wonderfully nude detective drag himself inelegantly out of the bed.
"Would you be placing the stitches?" He cocked his head teasingly to the side. John shook his head, not willing to hurt Shaun that much, unable to believe Shaun would want him to.
“Batrachotoxin,” he announced irritably, as if his landlady had actually asked him to elaborate. “Found in deadly amounts in our Houdini-esque house guest,” he said, waving an indolent hand towards the mantelpiece. “Amongst other things, causes heart arrhythmia, extrasystoles, ventricular fibrillation. It also causes a huge release of acetylcholine. Activates the same receptors as nicotine. There is no known antidote,” he added ominously.
Why hadn't that question been his first? He wasn't gay. He'd always dated women and fucking loved it. He'd never looked twice at a guy. The thought of helping Shaun jack himself off shouldn't intrigue him. He shouldn't be getting turned on by it.
Sherlock took a deep breath before enunciating, as he held his mobile in treacherously wet fingers. "I need to speak to John Watson. Matter of life and death. I'm his boyfriend." He heard the receptionist take a scandalized breath.
"Morning, darling." He said cheerfully, smiling at Sherlock's rigid back. He received the faintest, disgruntled rumble in reply, and Sherlock sequestered himself deeply under the bedsheets. The late-summer mornings were currently unseasonably chilly, damp, and grey, and John shivered as his sleep-snared body rapidly became aware of the coolness of the bedroom.
Sherlock pounced as soon as John had laboriously made his way up the narrow stairs to their flat.
in earshot.”
John panted excitedly at the incredible response, biting his own lip in wonderment when Sherlock pulled back with a hiss, before burying his face in John’s neck and shuddering. John marvelled at the taller man’s intense reactions to such minimal stimulus – he himself was only barely starting to physically respond, still soft for the most part. He wondered dizzily at Sherlock suddenly scrabbling at his wrist, before he realised that the detective wanted to hold his hand. Grabbing the hot, fumbling hand protectively, resulted in a deep-toned groan of relief.
Baring his teeth fiendishly, purely out of reaction, rather than an attempt to seduce or shock John, Sherlock chuckled darkly. "There's a closet next to us. Safer. Anyone could walk past and see us here in the corridor. Servants. Giddy guests. Security. Then again...I'm guessing you feel more comfortable
always buy things. Anything I tell you, in fact. Even that posh heated lubricant I sent you on an errand for," He said, unconsciously rewarding himself with a few stunned and affronted glares from other shoppers in the vicinity. He dumped the next batch of pineapples into the trolley while John flushed, avoiding the curious stares from the other shoppers. "Besides, this is all for
Mycroft's lips tightened. "This isn't a time for you to be childish, Sherlock. This mission is of vital importance-"
"The day is
"Bad man," Sherlock uttered in a sinfully-deep, echoing tone. He moaned luxuriously as John massaged his scalp, breathing heavily in the heady steam of the shower.
. Yes. I, uh… which do
In the space of less than ten seconds, John was coming with a strangled sob, eyes squinted closed, come splashing out onto Shaun's fist and dripping down between them. His heart was still thundering after his orgasm and John knew he was beet red, embarrassment over what had just happened ruining the high of orgasm. He couldn't believe what he'd let happen in a moment of weakness.
He sighed, breathing in the smell of John and the lingering scent of semen. He wasn't tired, didn't feel sleepy in the least, but it was worth wasting time lying in bed with John, just being near him.
There was a brief moment when Sherlock scrambled for himself, squeezing on the base of his shaft, and he cringed and turned his head away in clear embarrassment, mumbling under his breath incoherently. His skin was gleaming with a thin, glistening layer of sweat, and he shifted once again, moving his hips and tensing his thighs.
"Now, and then
John gasped, fingers digging into Sherlock's hips hard enough to leave bruises, looking shocked as Sherlock sank further onto his cock, taking him all the way down until he was fully seated, groaning.
John petted his thick curls supportively, before giving fond little tugs, startling when Sherlock's exhales changed immediately in accordance.
Sherlock's eyes, which had been half-lidded and clouded with lust, suddenly sharpened and he fixed John with a dark, angry expression of his own. The last vibrations from John's mobile died away, audible in the sudden hush of the flat, leaving Sherlock's cock jerking in his hand, seemingly forgotten about for the time being.
Mycroft                     Rosie and I walk into the waiting area, where we find John slumped against the wall, fast asleep. "John..." I gently shake his shoulder.
Greg                            "I know, we can't just let them get to us. They want to keep us together but also to get sick of one another. Push one another away. And I'm all for being professional and seeing how your sister is involved, trying to see if Sherlock is safe.. I just don't want you to put a barrier between us." I explained and saw him finally notice I was wearing his dressing gown to smile at me.
Mycroft                     "There's an address. Isn't this near where you picked him up?" I showed Greg the address on the phone.
Sherlock                     "....and then we started collating between the databases and discovered several interesting factors." I've continued speaking even though he's been out of the room, just finishing brewing the perfect cups of tea for us as he emerges. "I am still furious but at least we have the start of a plan now."
Greg                            I was itching to get my hands on him and I was the first out when we arrived at his office. I know I had to keep quiet as we walked through, my smile soft as Mycroft joined me at the door and led us in while the other members didn’t even raise their heads to us. It was a bit of a surprise, but I guess shagging with John in the house wasn’t an option.
Greg                      "Anthea sent him the information and he told me when you were showering, and he said John knew. I don't know how long for though." I chew on my lip and we were both deadly silent while a nurse came in to scribble on the chart to leave again a minute later.
Sherlock                     Flopping back onto the bench I shake my head, "Don't be an idiot Sally. He'll come, he always does. I'm sure he's just making me worry before he turns up and I can get home to my daughter."
Mycroft                     I reach over and put my hand across John's arm, lowering his gun and motioning for him to step back. "This is between us, Eurus... let's discuss this like adults..." I take a slow step toward her.
Greg                            "Hey, hey, come on now." I frown where he's become unresponsive and I heard someone coming in the other way, my arms pulling me and the doctor into an area where we were almost surrounded by boxes so couldn't be seen. I kept an eye on the guys pulse and heard Moran shouting for him.
Mycroft                     "I texted him last night, to warn him of Eurus' involvement. I have no idea where he is, though. He should be in contact again this afternoon."
Sally                            "I'm not married no, I'm just smart enough to be a police officer without having powers. Thank you very much." I say a little too angrily so soften my expression where she was looking a little concerned. That's when Sherlock appeared again from where I assumed he'd been speaking with Anderson or some other officer about a case while Lestrade is on sick leave.
Mycroft                       "Let me explain..." I unconsciously moved one foot forward, to prevent him slamming the door on me.
why? GL
Mycroft                     I raise an eyebrow at him but take a seat on the sofa.
Mycroft                     Hearing Eurus' voice, I step into the room. "Hello, sister mine." I say darkly.
Sherlock                   My teeth nip into his flesh once more, before I pull off, panting and slightly glazed, nodding and rolling onto my back, spreading my legs for him as I stroke myself, "Won’t… take much."
Greg                             "I assume so because he was rather calm." I nodded and wished we'd have been let in to whatever he was planning so we didn't have to go through all of this.
Mycroft                       "You are needed at Baker Street. How much longer do you need to be here?"
Mycroft                       "Have we completed the trace on her phone? We know that she spoke to Moran before she disappeared..."
Greg                            "I’m sure she was proud of you all the same. She must have felt there was a connection between us where I'd split up from my ex-wife." I shook my head and barely noticed the gloves she was wearing while I was scanning the scene where they were securing both the flats. It looked like I was going to be staying with Mycroft a bit longer.
Sherlock                     I stumble a little as I approach the shop, a harmless looking little Polish deli in a slightly rough part of London. My clothes don’t draw attention for once, dressed in a rather oversized hoodie, drawn up over my untamed curls, a scuffed pair of trainers and baggy jogging bottoms completing the picture of just an ordinary guy heading down the alley running down the side of the shop. Glancing around, I knock on the back door, licking my chapped lips and pulling my hood lower so I'm not spotted by my brother's ever present cameras in the main street
Moran                        There's a brief exhale of breath that indicates I heard him
Mycroft                       My jumper falls to the floor as he pulls it off, revealing bare skin. I move my hands lower, and pull his hips toward me, my hands on his arse.
Mycroft                       "Hopefully, they will release you this afternoon. I am sure they want to have you finish this course of antibiotics first." I say, tapping on the half-empty IV bag hanging by the bed. I give his hand a squeeze and stand up. "Now, if you can manage on your own for a couple of hours, I need to stop by my office to pick up some paperwork and get my messages, then ensure that my home is ready for your arrival. Get some rest."
Mycroft                     "Once all this is behind us, perhaps a vacation is in order them."
Sherlock                     "You? In control?" My chuckle is short and mocking, "You're going to push him away. You always have. He won't come back to you. Not unless you make the effort."
Rosie                           I nod excessively, "k. Got it. Then what?"
Sharon Price          The tissue is swiped across my eyes again, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Greg." The little mistake and his reaction makes my lips twitch in something like a smile, before falling again. My tears dry but still threaten in the wobble in my voice, "I remember her saying how nice you were. She didn't mention how brave though."
Greg                            Every little thing was just adding to how close I was getting, and I tilted his head up so our eyes could meet. I pulled his mouth from my cock, trying to catch my breath. "I want to cum with you inside me... please..." I said simply and stressed it in my face that I needed this with what had happened with the gunshot wound.
Sherlock                   "I know." My head drops a little, shoulders tensing, "I... I can't order you to do this John. I can't make you do this. All I can do is ask."
John                            I can hear him yell my name and squeeze my hand tightly. My heart races and my eyes fly open. The mist gone and I remember that I’m in the guest room at Mycroft’s. I wipe my hand over the sweat that has prickled up across my forehead.
Rosie                           "I know. I remember I'm s’posed to keep an eye on Greg and Myc and keep track in the notebook you got me." I show Dad the notebook before I put it in my bag.
Mycroft                     "I wish we had a better idea of what Moriarty had planned. However, odds are good that if he is planning to retrieve Rosie now, he is not at Sherrinford. This could be our chance..."
Sherlock                   "John..." My voice sighs in relief, before I start trying to make my way towards his voice. "This is real."
John                            “Is that everything I need to know?” I ask as we stop in front of a doorway.
Greg                            "I'll text you." I smiled weakly before I got in the car, my mum’s words ringing in my ears. She always told me to not be ashamed of my powers and I know we had to control them to some extent, but it brought back memories with how humans discriminated against metas before the government had stepped in.
Greg                             The air left my lungs when I felt him rubbing his cock between my arse cheeks and the friction then on my cock from the sheets was driving me wild. I had no idea how he was going to loosen me up, but I trusted him, my ears perking up when I heard him opening up the drawer again.
Greg                            I snort a little as I put my head back on the pillow, it feeling nice to actually have a lie in but also to have his arm around me, even if it was over the quilt and not touching my bare skin. "Have you met him before?" I ask.
Sherlock                   "He said you were to meet her. Alone. Away from here." I avoid his eyes now, shaking my head slightly, "We've only been dating a few months John, though we have been flat-sharing longer of course. You're within your rights to do decide I am not a proper role model for your daughter."
Sherlock                   "He won't be busy later. Once my pesky brother has cleared off." Watching her, I begin to feel a whisker of discomfort, recalling our argument the night before and her threats to leave once more. "Maybe you could tell me about this Harold person as I set up your laptop?"
Rosie                          "Why? Were you fighting?" I shake Bee a bit and watch its perfectly proportioned wings flap.
Mycroft                     I re-read the note, and frown. "It seems he knows my brother and I far too well... knows I would likely see the note before Sherlock did..." I mumble.
Sherlock                     I remain lounging in the bin bags, almost as relaxed as if I was on the sofa back at 221B, "I suppose you had better arrest me."
Sherlock                   "Of course." My gaze goes down to his hands once more, eyes narrowing slightly in a painful jolt in my mind palace, "I believe they are bonding well as father and daughter. She shares many of his traits."
Mycroft                     "Someone? You think you were forced off road?" We hadn't really talked about the accident last night - I was too concerned with getting his injuries tended and getting his body temperature back up.
John                            “I think so. Just tired, maybe. He needs something sweet. But I don’t want him choking. We’ll have to wait till he’s more lucid for that.” My eyes don’t leave Sherlock’s face as I speak.
Mycroft                     "You sure you're up for this, love?" I murmur in his ear, my tongue flicking lightly over his earlobe.
Greg                            I can see them arguing and I was trying to get their attention back to the cameras in the lift to see us. I was waving my arms, trying to mimic the movements of a fish so at least we wouldn’t die in the lift. I could only see part of the numbers counting down and didn’t know how long they had.
Sherlock                   I snatch the paper, snarling, "There -must- be other details. You can't solve a case on this."
Greg                            I squeeze his thigh for a minute before we got out and went in, my nose picking up on how quiet the house was and then my eyes spotted a body out of the corner of my eye. It was someone laid across a sofa and then someone on the floor and it was oddly quite clean. Not a lot of blood and chills went up my spine with how Mycroft came into the room.
Mycroft                       "It wasn't intentional..." I mumble. If I wasn't looking for leave before, I certainly am now.
Mycroft                       I shiver, still a bit chilled. "I'm not sure a fully clothed shower was the wisest thing we've ever done..." I pull my dressing gown a bit tighter. My hair is still wet, and is likely to curl dry, but I'm too amused to care.
Mycroft                       "You're safe. No one can reach you here. I will protect you." I whispered quietly in his ear.
Greg                            "I need a fag." I whispered as I finally took my hands away and got up, knowing he had an emergency pack out in the flower pot. I didn't want to be involved with this anymore but knew I didn't have a choice with not having a flat anymore. I knew Moriarty was just keeping us together so he would have to either kill or target us all together.
Mycroft                       "No, Rose, he is not going to die," I roll my eyes at Sherlock. "She does seem to have your flair for the dramatic, brother."
Mycroft                       "If it will convince you to get some rest, yes." I kick off my shoes and lie next to him, pulling him close.
Greg                            "It has been known for strong metas dreaming of one another when they're far apart. It's one of those things that show they have a big intellectual connection as well as an emotional one." I explained, seeing them both raised their eyebrows and I shrugged, "I had to do something when I couldn’t sleep... research."
Mycroft                 "We need more information before Sherlock can be made aware of this. I know my brother, and he is going to want to take off on his own to deal with Moran. Right now, I need him to stay close until we know the severity of threat.
Sherlock               My arm comes up, trying to slide our hands together once more, "I'm not sure how to make this easier."
Mycroft                       I walk out of the interrogation room to find half the department standing outside the door, dumbfounded at the spectacular argument they all overheard. "Greg, can you please take Sherlock to my car - the driver is waiting out front. DS Donovan here can provide me with the paperwork to release Sherlock to my custody."
Sherlock                   There's a shuffling sound and I appear from the direction of my bedroom, wrapped in a sheet and with tousled, messy hair, a sleepy dark cloud drifting towards the kitchen carried by a yawn
John                            “I can feel you. You’re warm. Where are you? I want to touch you. I miss you.” I shift in the bed a little in my sleep.
Greg                             "Really?" I raised an eyebrow and was surprised where we hadn't spoken in nearly a week, our eyes meeting where he seemed to pull his chair closer to my bed.
Sherlock                     "Rose Marie." My voice is soft but firm. "We're going to take Lestrade to the hospital where he will not be dying." I adjust his arm around my shoulder, nodding to the skull, "Please be carefully with Billy? I shall be returning upstairs soon. I promise."
Sherlock                   Suddenly the doorbell rings again, causing me to sweep out of the room, fully dressed in my sharp suit now with my dark navy shirt, "I'll get that."
Mycroft                     "Did Sherlock tell you anything else?" I ask John.
Mycroft                       Turning his face toward mine, I capture his lips with my own roughly, nipping at his lower lip. My fingers stroke lightly down his neck and over his shoulders, before I let my hands fall to the rug beneath me and dig in heels into him. "Harder," I whisper in his ear.
Jamie                           "Pfft. I don't think so! Holmes is handsome and at best you're posh." Phone still rings on other end. "Show me some ID and maybe I'll believe you."
Mycroft                       My hands now bare, I lightly cup his face and kiss him, my tongue gentle against his lips as they part for me. The emotional thrill nearly takes my breath away. I reach blindly for the bedstand drawer, pulling out a small bottle of lube and pressing it into his hand.
Rosie                          "You... You know my name?" I didn't believe he knew or even cared anything about me.
Sherlock                   A window above Speedy's cafe opens and a tousled dark head of curls poking out, glaring down at my brother
Sherlock                   A little tension bleeds from me, nodding, "He has to be patient. He's worked with me for several years now." My lips quirk up in a lopsided smirk
Greg                             "I hope so because when you're dripping with jealousy... it’s hard to ignore." I grin with what had happened with Irene Adler and knew Seb was going to be a flirt if we ever caught him. It was the plan after Sherlock had gotten involved with Moriarty.
Rosie
Greg                            "Well I'm just a bit shocked because Luke is a fucking idiot if I ever met one." I said and guessed he'd just met one of them, shakes their hand or something. I go to put my hand over his but stop where it would be skin-on-skin contact.
Moriarty                   "I see we're a bit feisty today, hmm. Let's go walk some of that poor attitude off." I walk away from him and take almost the same path as yesterday. He will follow, or he won't.
John                      “No, I had no idea.” I put my head in my hands.
Greg                      I clench my jaw but stand my ground, "He has just come round from being on life support and has a head injury. All he gave us was that Seb betrayed them and said he was working with someone called Moriarty." I explained tightly.
Sherlock                   I wince and drop to one knee, then look up in relief as John grasps her, hobbling a little back into the room. I pause, searching for a few moments before saying in a deep, firm voice, "Rose Marie."
Sherlock               "Stop that!" My voice comes louder, snapping, "Don't you dare."
John                            “Sherlock! No!” I push past Mycroft and out into the landing as Sherlock teleports down the stairs and out the door. I move to start down the stairs, but I feel Greg’s arms around my shoulders holding me back.
Time to come home. Go sleep now. I'll see you soon.
Moriarty               I bit Seb’s shoulder hard after I came. I could taste a bit of blood as he filled my arse with his hot cum. I lay on top of him after he collapsed backwards on the bed.
Greg                            "Maybe we can sort that out after all this Moriarty shit and we can then write a book about our experiences. Make others feel like they're not alone." I shrug a little and faintly hear my phone going off in my jacket pocket. I sighed and crawled across the bed, fishing it out.
Rosie                          I jump off the arm of the chair straight into the thing, knocking him over. "You are not my father! I don’t have a father!" I pound his chest as hard as possible. "I don’t have a mother!" Tears start leaking down my face and my punches get lighter. "I. Don't. Have. Anyone!" I break down in full tears, snot, hiccups, everything.
Mycroft                       "Because I don't want you hurt." I blurted out. "Involving you at that point would have done no good and would have put you at unnecessary risk."
Greg                            "I... I don’t remember being unconscious. They touched me? Who was it?" I frowned as I thought I'd been conscious the whole time and I had scribbled down the number plate with my other hand. I met his eye, my memory seeming blurry.
Mycroft                     "I... I suppose that's true." I kiss his neck.
Mycroft                     "Sherlock is in typical form." I shake my head with a laugh. "I can only hope John handles parenthood better than my brother seems to be."
Seb                        "I would always be your perfect pet, Jimmy." I grinned up at him as I did the same with his shirt, the both of us getting down to our boxers before I started moving my hips against his a little.
Sherlock                   Pushing my chair back, I nod, "Would you like to see? I got the impression most of the complex is inside the island and doesn't have access to the ocean. It must be some weeks since you've felt the breeze?" Moving towards the balcony motion for her to join me.
Greg                             "I know only a little about metas so that's probably wise and yeah, he hasn't seemed himself when I've seen him. But that could be just his front he's putting up for Moriarty." I sighed as I got up, still talking through the bathroom door as I turned the shower on and started stripping.
Greg                            "Yeah... just worried about you, that was all." I shrugged where there's a large plaster over the front of my neck and my voice was crackling a little, but it was nothing compared to what Myc had been through.
John                      I nod and try to take a few deep breaths. I glance up at Sherlock trying to catch his eyes.
Greg                             I sip my tea quietly, avoiding his eye where I was trying to be calm about it. "He did. We had an argument and he left." I murmured.
Greg                             "Mycroft... Just stop..." I try to say as he heads out the door but it's too late, my hand shutting my door again, so I could lean against it with a sigh. I shut my eyes and knew he was just shutting me out due to his own insecurities. I wasn't going to wallow in self-pity this time.
Greg                            I shut my eyes as he started kissing me lazily and I put my hand over the back of his hand to give a light squeeze. I then felt him shift under the covers, him straddling me and when I needed a breath, I looked up at his bed head and the sleep still in his eyes.
Greg                      I shut my eyes for a moment to count to 10, it being the one thing that we'd not really thought about. Seb had betrayed the both of them and then tried to kill them. I held my hand in my hair, "Fuck..." I whispered, and I tried to think of what we could do next.
Greg                             "I don't know. He knows where you live and could send anybody round at any time." I muttered as I continued to think and tried to relax where he started kissing down behind my ear and then my neck. We were still waiting on a meta to be grabbed the next time they came out of the buildings we were watching to be questioned.
Mycroft                       "Oh, you wouldn't want that..." I gave his cock one long swipe, his fingers curling into my hair. I take his head into my mouth, my tongue swirling over it as I suck gently. I rest my hands on his thighs, to keep him in the chair.
Greg                            "I know you do but I just want you home more than anything." I shrugged as he looked back up at me and after a long and arduous task of paperwork, we were back in the car driving back to his flat. I was being extra vigilant with Seb now on the loose.
Greg                             "Oh wah, John, you're lucky you're here at all, me and Mycroft spoke about sending you to a safe house out in the country and you now feel what I feel when you and Sherlock go off on a case. I’m left without anything, unable to do anything." I said angrily, and I'd barely slept last night with arresting Sherlock yesterday.
Rosie                           "Do you guys got Doctor Who?" John laughs a bit then leads me to the sofa and grabs a Doctor Who Box Set so we can watch the New Who from the beginning. "Don’t forget 9!" we both say at the same time. Yeah, maybe this'll be pretty cool.
Greg                            "No, not really but it's worth a try. Or I can just do this." I shrug and go over to his hurt shoulder, not even having to press on it hard to get a little yelp out of him. It was the only way I could think to get the information out of him as my power wouldn't be strong enough.
Greg                             "Okay. Good, well, the 4 or so bodies that have been showing up have no particular link apart from that they were weaker metas or just humans." I rubbed my face, pulling at my sleeves.
Mycroft                     "I am aware of some of that... he has let me 'see' some of it. Willingly, of course." I hand Sherlock my empty cup to put into the sink. "He is a very patient man."
Mycroft                     "Interesting, Moran, but not enough." I reach over and stroke my hand slowly over his chest, a thin sheet all that lies between my power and his bare flesh. "I wonder if I can stop your heart..." I wonder out loud.
Greg                             "No... no, course not." I chuckle, lifting his hand from my chest to kiss it and I heard him say something else when I was just dropping off. My muscles felt completely relaxed and I felt I could actually sleep for a change.
Greg                             "Hi, Mr. Campbell. I'm DI Lestrade from Scotland yard and this is my colleague Mr. Holmes. Is it alright if we speak to you for a couple minutes?" I asked and tried not to physically wince at his son screaming, obviously missing his mother.
How's my favorite girl?
Greg                            I had made my way through most of the rain and it was only when I came to more of a back road that I noticed the car behind me driving particularly close to my back end. I looked in my mirror, unable to see the driver and when we got to a corner, I swore as the car behind me clipped the back of me and sent me spinning into the wooded areas. When I finally stopped, I found I'd just had a small cut on my head and I wasn't trapped at all.
Rosie                          "Bees are easy. Puppies aren’t too hard. Cats are cray cray. I kinda get whisperies from mice and ferrets but only the pet kinds. The wild kinds don't think like the pet ones do."
John                            “Fine.” I wave my hand. “Fine. Let’s just get this over with so we can go back to normal.”
Mycroft                     "Her mother left without warning in the middle of the night and was killed. Her cousin - with whom she was left during Mary's absence - has all but put her on the street. She is likely feeling quite abandoned."
Mrs. Lipton             I go to the infirmary with Ian to make ready all the people there for the journey. We made a little plan yesterday after my talk with Sherlock, everybody was to make their way to the infirmary when the alarm turns on and make their twin ready to go. When we arrived almost everybody was ready. A few little kids sit in their stretchers and two in wheelchairs the rest could walk to the control room with a little help. "All right, everybody, the route to the control room is clear. We have to go, the helicopter will arrive shortly and the medical team will wait for us. Come on."  We arrive back to the control room I walk in to report our situation. "We are here dears. 27 people. Oh God, what happened with Sherlock?"
Sherlock                   Settling into a flow, I allow my lips to tighten, then relax, before gulping a breath and allowing him to buck up into the back of my throat, resisting the urge to choke around him. The hand on his base squeezes and lets go, mimicking the sensation of thrusting into my own body for him
John                            “What?” I mumble, opening my eyes. I gasp sitting up. “Sorry. Greg? He’s alright?”
John                            “Yes. We love each other.” I explain.
Greg                            "I’m sorry. And here's me moaning on about my ex-wife cheating on me." I dropped my feet with an anxious chuckle running a hand through my hair, thinking he had it a lot worse than I did. It must have made sex difficult.
Greg                      My own heart rate was all over the place as they lost his heart rate again, my hands letting go of Sherlock, so he could run back in and it did seem like John was coming back for him. It was worth a try anywhere.
Sherlock                   I look startled, glancing over at Mycroft for a sign of what to do, before wrapping my arms carefully around her, speaking sincerely, "I am sorry I had to break your confidence, but you are a very special little girl. Your home is here now, with your father. Everything I do is to keep you both safe and secure here in Baker street."
Greg                             I tried to keep my grip not painfully tight as I walked him through New Scotland Yard and I breathed out in relief once I'd gotten him in the back to then sit in the passenger side of Mycroft’s car. I hated acting like that, my hand running through my hair
Simon Campbell      "Yeah, sure, come on in. Sorry about my son... he's been fussing for hours now. Penny was so much better with him," I say a little sadly.
Dave the Druggist       My head rolls to one side, going limp and unresponsive to him.
John                            “No. She didn’t. She just stared at the wall.”
Greg                             "As will I..." I murmured and with the metas going missing along with the metas in the hospital, I needed to start narrowing down the area where the strong metas could be grouping together. Evidence to place them somewhere and bait to lure them out.
Sherlock                   The teabags are squeezed to an inch of their life before being launched at the sink to thud...thud into it. "I warned you. I needed to be out there, gathering data. Not stuck here as a baby sitter, no matter how delightful John's daughter is."
Mary                     I gasp as my gun goes skidding off, watching Seb with wide eyes, "Why are you doing this Seb? We're on the same side." John hesitates, then lowers his weapon slightly, his doctor's instincts kicking in to try and get to my side to assess my condition. His gun sweeps over Seb though, still ready to fire at will if needs be.
John                            “I’m at the hospital. I think I fell asleep in the waiting room.” I’m wandering around trying to feel anything, see anything but all it is is cold mist.
Mycroft                     "So, John," I look over the map on the table. "We should be able to get to the shore under cover of darkness. Between us, we should be able to get around the majority of the guard stations. Greg will be in communication with each of us from the ship - in his condition, he won't be of much help on the ground."
John                             “We can order pizza. I think there’s a place down the street.” I call as she turns around.
Sharon Price             The tissue is swiped across my eyes again, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Greg." The little mistake and his reaction makes my lips twitch in something like a smile, before falling again. My tears dry but still threaten in the wobble in my voice, "I remember her saying how nice you were. She didn't mention how brave though."
Greg                      "Yeah, it's an extraordinary recovery seeing as he technically died twice on the operating table." I said softly as we followed the ambulance and I'd managed a couple hours’ kip and a clean suit so at least I looked more presentable than yesterday.
Greg                             I gasp into his mouth as I feel my body relax but the difference between us kissing now and when we've kissed before is that I could hear his heart beat in my ears. I could smell the coffee he had for breakfast, my senses seeming to be heightened but just to him. I popped the lube cap open, gently pushing him off so I could get into a more comfortable position to work myself open.
John                             “Good.” I smile across at her. “Do you want any more pizza or soda?”
Greg                            "Shit... she wasn’t too scared, was she?" I said worryingly, wondering where John was really. I could only presume that Seb had been killed and all we had left was to find Sherlock.
John                            “Sherlock? Is that you again? Where are you?” I’m in the white misty place again. I had just been in the hospital waiting room. “I must’ve fallen asleep.” I mumble.
Greg                      "Me and your brother will sort all that out. We'll get a statement from John and then find anything we can about Moriarty… who he involved with, what he had to do with Seb." I explained to reassure them, hearing some strong shoes coming up the corridor and knew it was Mycroft instantly.
Greg                            "Look. I don't want us to be arguing like this or being shitty with one another and I know you want Sherlock back. We all do and I just want to apologise if we're shutting you out of all of this." I say after another sip, wanting to rebuild bridges between me and him.
The coroner met me at the morgue door, and led me to the autopsy theatre, where the two bodies recovered from the wreckage awaited. I nodded to her, as I slipped off one of my gloves. She uncovered the female body - dusty and bruised, and I lightly touched the exposed shoulder. Mary.
Greg                             "I think I have enough patience dealing with one Holmes brother, so I'll be fine." I jokingly smirked as I leant into his forehead kiss and I squeezed my hand that was on top of his. I was hoping the doctor would discharge me soon as I hated the smell of hospitals.
Mycroft                       I sit up and check my phone. Katherine has diligently rescheduled today's two appointments to next week, so my schedule for the day is completely free. "It seems I have more time than anticipated. A quick shower, and I need to head home for a change of clothes. How about I meet you at your office at noon? I will bring lunch."
John                            “In your mind palace, you mean? What kinds of things?” My hand reaches up behind us to rest on the back of his neck.
Moriarty
Sherlock                   Blinking, I pause, then snap, "Think of him as hard as you can." My hands go to my brother’s to try and rip his gloves off him to grasp his bare hands, my barriers down to him for once. The countdown ticks in the corner of my mind...3.20...3.19....
Moriarty                   "And I would like my Sebby back!! But it seems we want two very different things." My personal guards are behind me as I can tell by the red dots on both Holmes foreheads.
John                            “Ask him!” I say a bit forcefully. “Open your bloody mouths and speak to each other.”
Mycroft                       His trousers down, his cock bobbed in front of me enticingly. I caress it lightly with my tongue, watching as his head falls back on his chair, a quiet groan come from him. "Quiet..." I whisper with a grin, continuing to flick my tongue over his cock.
Greg                             I moan into the rough kiss as our teeth clang together and I pull the sleeves on my jacket to get it on the floor before my shirt was forcefully pulled off my shoulders. He was still wearing gloves but his hands all over me as we kissed was electric, his erection being thrusted against my hip and it seemed he was in charge.
Too bad their conductors are faulty.
Moriarty
Sherlock
John                             “You haven’t said anything out loud, Sherlock. You have to remember to use your words.”
Moran                        I'm sunk back in the bed, looking exhausted and drained, right on the edge of passing out.
Rosie                          "Only if you're really sure...?" I touch the little antenna and feel how fuzzy it is. I take it slowly, giving plenty of time for it to be taken back.
Sherlock                   I pop my head out the door again, snapping, "Come on you two. We don't have time for your bickering."
John                            Slamming cupboards can be heard from the kitchen as I get out the tea things. “I think we have some Jaffa Cakes and some Hobnobs. Sherlock, did you finish off the pack of Ginger Nuts? Although, she may not like them. They’re a bit spicy.”
Greg                      I decided to stay at the scene to sort out Mary and Seb's bodies, my eyes squinting at Seb where he was covered in blood but something and I simply sighed before I had to move on. I waited for the coroner to arrive and I nodded that they could be taken away, getting into a car outside that Anthea had organised to get me to the hospital.
Mycroft                     "Yes." I pull him closer to me, my head on his shoulder.
With that statement, I nod to Lestrade and turn to leave.
Mycroft                     I sipped my tea. "How do I make him listen to me?"
Mycroft                       "Patience..." I whisper, brushing my gloved fingers lightly down his sides. I wanted to savour this, take things nice and slow.
Greg                             "Its fine. I'll see you in a few days." I tried to look properly at her face, but she was soon off to get into the ambulance with her mum. I found Mycroft's driver further down the road now waiting for me, my clothes wet and my face covered in soot with the shock blanket being abandoned.
Mycroft                       "I don't think so, but I have not looked into it, to be fair." I reply. "I have been more concerned with your well-being."
Greg                            "I also realise that Sherlock, I respect that you want to grab every opportunity by the throat, but we've got to stay one step ahead of them to have any fucking chance of bringing them down..." I stressed and glared at the sneer he gave me.
Moran                        Pulling back, I hiss as little flashes of metal slice across my cheek. Then my lips curl, barking out, "Watson... what the fuck? I thought I left you buried in the arms of that wifey of yours?" My tone becomes mocking. "Don't say you didn't tell that Holmes of yours you're still alive? He's all broken and begging for Jim to claim him, right now."
Greg                      I breathe out with a sigh and wondered why I even worried about the kid, my smile soft to Mrs. Hudson trying to clean the skull. I then felt Mycroft step up behind me, so I instinctively went to the sofa to sit beside John.
Sherlock                     "The homeless around this city assist me and bring me rumours and so on, in exchange for money and favours." My tone is rather clipped now, growing impatient to be off. "I'm often seen with one or two of them. I admit, they're not usually so young." I glance at John for guidance. "Bit not good for me to have a young girl off the streets with me?"
Greg                            "It wouldn't be lust if Oliver wanted to pursue a more serious relationship with him and that's a good idea. It also gives us the chance to keep an eye on him in case he betrays us somehow... speaks to Seb." I said as I first walked out of the lift and needed to get home really.
Mycroft                       Once he was settled in his seat, I went around and got behind the wheel. "At first, yes. Then he became increasingly annoyed with me, for your shoulder injury... And for the disagreement between you and me.”
Sherlock                   Suddenly, I'm standing in the door way, arms out to try and block her way, shaking my head, "No, you can't go. You have to stay here, with your father."
Sherlock                   My nose crinkles a little at her wording, "This is my John," I indicate John and then look at Mycroft was a trace of resignation, "And Mycroft, my brother. Don't try and read what he wants to eat unless you want to chain yourself to an oven for the next twenty years attempting to cook every food in the world."
Mycroft                       "No..." My hands were shaking with the effort to keep him from easing the emotional load I had taken on over the past week. I can feel the burden slipping away, slowly.
Greg                            I am cautious to put my other arm around him, but it happens without too much pain, my hand snaking between us to wrap around his cock to gently stroke. I flicked my thumb over his head and feel the pre cum already leaking.
Sherlock                     "Do you agree to this John?" I turn to face him, with slight apprehension, "I will keep you nearby and stay in full communication if we need you."
Mycroft                       "Mmmm. That's a thought, as a last resort." I stifle a yawn. "I fear I've over-extended myself a bit today... Irene is a lot stronger than she looks, to start with. I hate to abandon you, but I need more sleep." I kiss Greg on the temple and give his shoulders a squeeze.
John                             I swallow hard looking across Sherlock. “Are you prepared to go there? Do you think you’re able to? I don’t know that I’m prepared to see you that way.”
Mycroft                 I sat back in my chair, my gloved hands folded on my desk. "Well, I'm sure they will appreciate any advice you can give them." Finishing my tea, I rose. "Would you like to accompany me to Baker Street?"
Greg                      "What problem? Tell me Mycroft, what problem?" I asked to start with and met his eye when he hesitated. I didn’t often use my powers of persuasion but needed to know what was going on, my eyes shifting from side to side for a moment.
Greg                            "No, I don't think he got as far as the note." I say quietly as he stood straight again as if the last 5 days hadn't happened. It sounded like I was a ridiculous schoolgirl, like some jealous partner but he'd just ghosted me, and I'd wanted to smack him round the face for the last 3 days.
Sherlock                   My hands clutch the phone, staring at it. Suddenly my grand plan of sauntering into Moriarty's organisation and overthrowing it doesn't seem so much fun. My chest tightens, tears starting to track their way down my cheeks as I kneel in the house of my childhood and death. My fingers move stiffly, typing out:
Sherlock                     With a last kiss, I'm sweeping out the door, "Come Rose Marie. The game is on."
Mycroft                     "You're at St. Bart's. You were shot, and John had them bring you here." I clear my throat. "I confess, I panicked a bit."
Please advise if I can be of assistance
Moriarty               "No matter how much I'm liking this, and I am, you need a bath before we begin." I take an audible sniff of his hair. "I can smell their weakness on you. You know I hate that smell. You also know a clean Sebby will be a happy Sebby." I smack his arse hard, prompting him to move quickly. Once in the bathroom, I start the jetted tub with hot water, a bit hotter than he likes but he's learning to love it that way.
Greg                             Mycroft was the last person I'd expect to be there, and I was trying to find some sort of words in reply to his apology. I wondered if Sherlock had spoken to him, my hand still holding the door open.
Sherlock                     My hand is on the handle, but I hesitate, "I have also not been blameless in his life. Imagine having a drug addict for a brother, when you have that kind of power." I wince at another powerful memory, before opening the door, "His defense is to push you away. Don't let him. Please."
Mycroft                     My head is swimming... too much feedback... I can hear Greg's voice, but it sounds distant.
Mycroft                       "Holmes, ma'am." I nod to her pleasantly as I reach my car door.
"Nurse!" I push the young man aside and prepare to get back to work. "Prep the cardio machine."
Mycroft                     I smile fondly at him. "I'd like to go home now." I say, pulling on my jacket.
Sherlock                   "No." I snap, hard, "This is real. You told me things last time that I couldn't have known but which were confirmed. I must be trying to teleport to you but unable to do so in body." Suddenly I break into a wide, gleeful smile, "Once again my mind has proven itself spectacular."
Mycroft                     I return to the bedroom to find Greg still mostly dressed, shivering under the blanket. "Greg... you need to get those wet clothes off..." I say, starting to gently dry his hair with the towel, while avoiding the cut on his forehead. I nod to a pile of clothing on the vanity. "I was able to find you some clothes that should work for this evening - track pants, and a sweatshirt. And warm socks."
Seb                        "Ehhh... I don’t think I want to... Years I've had to put up with your flirting and maybe I just found someone that makes me feel special... that actually listens to me." I scrunch up my face pretending to think about it and continued to pace around where I had a little button on my phone I could press to blow the whole place up.
Sherlock                   My head leans back to dangle over the back of my chair, moaning loudly, "I'm so bored... there must be something to give me a lead on Moriarty and Moran. The databases are helpful, but I need to get out, to see the evidence, to feel the clues."
John                            “Just be careful.” I lean back into him more, resting my whole body up against his.
Greg                             "I would but you know what sort of person I am compared to John." I grumbled as he kissed me lightly, it bringing the room back up to a better temperature. I put my hands on his waist and still had to get john and Rosie to Mycroft’s flat.
Greg                            "He's got a connection to Sherlock. Knows a way to get him out of Sherrinford." I walked around the bed finding his clothes, chucking them on the bed for him and then starting to slip mine back on.
Greg                            "Then who was it?" I ask softly where his voice trembles almost, my eyes raking over him worryingly where he pushed me off him and got up to stand against the wall.
Greg                            The salt taste in my mouth wasn't as bad as I had thought it'd be and hummed to keep the ecstasy going for him. I pulled my mouth off him, wiping my lips with the back of my hand and smirked where he was laying back in the pillows with his arm across his eyes.
Greg                      "I'm sure I can deal with both, idiocy or not." I said softly as I accepted a cup of coffee from someone that worked beneath Mycroft, getting rather a surprised look when I thanked them for it. They even brought biscuits which was a nice touch.
Mycroft                     Tucking my gun away, I rush to Greg's side as the EMTs take over with the man he is trying to save. "Greg," I say as I pull him out of the way, "let them do their job..."
Mycroft                       "No trouble... it's not one of my favorites anyway." I smile a little. "Do you want to tell me about it?" I asked as he finally stopped shaking.
Mycroft                     I shove the paper toward him with a scowl. "Or, Moriarty's video seems to be repetitive... just watch it and write it down yourself." I consider the few facts given with the riddle. "I think you are over-analyzing this, brother. Generally, in riddles, facts not provided are not relevant."
John                            “Have you heard from Sherlock? Has he checked in at all?”
Mycroft                     "I know you don't want to hurt him," I nod quietly at Greg, willing myself to remain calm. "And you know I'm not lying. I sent you to Sherrinford. You needed guidance." I could see her iron will beginning to crack, as her grip on Greg started to loosen.
Greg                            "Yes. An Oliver Parsons. 24, insured and taxed. Not one single point on his license and the only thing he's been charged with in the past is public disturbance but that was due to drink two years ago." I explained, seeing him blink and pause for a moment.
Rosie                           "How come? You infertile or somethin'?"
Maybe you could pick out one of the books on anatomy and read it with your father while I'm out? -SH
Greg                            I quietly drop my hand to stay on his knee as we follow the ambulance to the hospital and I keep my hand roped through his gloved one as we wait in the waiting room. Police officers are keeping a vigilant eye on Moran, really making sure that there were no chances for him to escape.
Mycroft                       I look over the 6 profiles, and write out 5 more. "I haven't got photographs, but here are the names and descriptions of several others reported missing to the Meta Human Office, for a total of 11 currently missing." I had the descriptions to him, and he includes them on the board. "Then, of course, we have Sebastian Moran, and his partner, this Jim Moriarty person. I have not been able to obtain any information on Moriarty, which leads me to believe he is either extremely good at remaining hidden, or that he's using a false identity."
Mycroft                     I could tell he was confused. "Warmth. Shared body heat. Hush." I laid my head on the pillow
Sherlock               My head dips down, then up to look at Lestrade too, all my earlier frustration and anger draining away to leave something which looks more vulnerable, younger in its place, "We need to know more about this Moriarty person."
Greg                             "Definitely... And you can sit in with me too while I question her, ask her anything if it comes to mind." I said softly as we wandered around to his kitchen and I stood against the warm radiator while he was starting to get ingredients out.
John                            “Your mind palace?” I look around then down at myself. I was smartly dressed in a dark mauve cardigan. “What am I wearing? Do I even own this cardigan?”
John                            “Your brother told me. But no... I don’t know that you’re ok. That’s why I’m dreaming about you. I’m so worried. And no one will tell me anything. And no one seems concerned about where you are. Or even intent on finding you quickly. I’m so worried you’re hurt.”
Greg                             "Were there any messages shared between them and this friend? Emails, I mean, we could track their phones… CCTV…" I thought aloud and I'd only been skim reading what had been coming in over the last week or so.
Sherlock                     "Then how did it happen?" I start to infuse my tone with a little sassy. "What's the socially appropriate time between having sex and breaking someone's heart?"
John                            “Of course, I’m willing. We don’t really have a choice, do we? We’re all in danger while he’s still running free. We have to do something.” I down the last of my coffee. “I’m just worried about what’s going to happen with all of us after.”
Rosie                          "Don’t that get annoying? Wearing sweaty gloves all the time? Do you get to take ‘em off ever?"
Mycroft                     "If he can't be comfortable around me, it's both professional and personal. I would very much like to get to know him better... and when I try to talk to him, he just gets defensive."
Sherlock                   Watching the paper burn, my eyes grow intense, "This is a lot to be getting on with. I will ask John to assist me, not in that database," I quickly add, "In the databases you send me. For metas and normals in Lestrade's department and your own."
John                            “Does it matter who she was?” I take a sip of my coffee, waving him off. “Sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
Rosie                          "I'm scared." I shiver a bit cause it's really cold in here. "Why does Papa say people call you Iceman? Is it ‘cause you like it cold?"
Mycroft                     I move back up to kiss him on the lips, running my hand along his stubbled jaw. "You have no idea what it was like... to know you were injured... I was afraid I would lose you... and you would never know..." I choked out.
Greg                             "I had to make it believable, didn’t I? And I didn’t know what was going on so I was going to take it seriously until I knew otherwise." I clenched my jaw as I hadn’t enjoyed doing it, my eyes meeting John's. All while Sherlock was stood there happily.
Sherlock                   My knee jerk reaction is to pull away but somehow, I hold myself still, stiff and lips pursing, but allowing the brotherly touch, something we haven't done in many years.
Moriarty
Greg                            "Ah... Mycroft..." I gasped where his tongue sent pleasure through me and my good hand went to his on my cock, my fingers wrapping around his to help him pump it a bit more. I just wanted to feel all of him, but I was being patient.
Greg                            "Both of us need to stay clear of John. They're not looking at Sherlock, they're watching us. We need to steer clear of them both." I said definitively as a first point of action and Sherlock at least knew that Seb wasn't aware that John was still alive. He'd have to act like he was mourning.
Greg                             "Coffee is absolutely fine and since you bought me lunch. I got you these. Just to have another set." I took my glasses off when Mycroft stepped in and I got up from my chair to stretch anyway. I handed him the wrapped box, him barely seeming like he'd done anything when I'd been in just my shirt and waistcoat since I got into the office.
Mycroft                       I chuckle as he nearly slides off my lap in his efforts to get my belt off. I quickly wrap my arms around his waist, and pull him close, gasping a little as we grind against each other. "Perhaps the sofa is not the best location for this..."
Sherlock               I'm back at John's side, supporting his head in the cramped little pocket under the rubble, mumbling to him softly. He seems to be clinging to life, his shoulder bloody and body cut from flying debris
Mycroft                       I look at Greg, confused. "I thought you were going to cook..." I stop dead in my tracks when I see the look on his face. "What happened?" I say, suddenly concerned.
I found the wee brown otter's track
Greg                            I was concerned with the way he gasped and pulled away, shaking my head at the mention of my broken rib. "It's fine, I've had worse." I shrugged and wondered what else he'd seen. Or felt.
Sherlock                     I stalk into the morgue, a face like thunder, snapping out for Molly and gaining no answer. Instead I teleport through the locked glass doors, striding towards the cabinets where the bodies are kept and starting to open each drawer, searching for the bodies of the murder victims over the past couple of weeks, along with Oliver’s
Greg                            "I don't think so. She was a bit clingy but that could just be through shock… grief..." I pulled back from his chest to look at him and frowned where it was such an odd question really about the daughter. I had just put her being like that to the situation we were in.
Sally                            I scoff at his innocence. "Ya. This Country maybe. Not the World. He's not the end all and be all."
Rosie                          A look into the kitchen shows John is busy talking to the tall skinny guy who showed up earlier. I sulk back into the living room and sit next to Sherlock. "Hes busy." I sigh and curl up in a small ball.
Mycroft                 "Interesting. It appears, then, either this person has assumed a new identity, or is very good at covering his tracks. Knowing what I know about Moran, I suspect the latter.”
Sherlock                   "John has an echo. Delightful." I add an extra spoon for luck, "Old enough to have this much sugar."
Mrs. Lipton             "I like the way you think, deary." I pet his arm and go back to the room "I leave you now I have shepherd’s pie to bake."
Sherlock                   Without even pausing in my stride I teleport through Mycroft, snapping, "Alone is what I have. Alone protects me. John is safe here, protected by you and Lestrade, brother. I have to go out. Moriarty wants me."
Mycroft                     "I wanted to talk to you. Your office told me where to find you." I look up as the young woman brought our coffees to the table with a smile. "I feel as though we got off on the wrong foot."
How can we be friends if you won't even pay me a visit? I'm sure I can make the place presentable and up to your standards. Some flowers in a vase maybe? -SH
"What up, buttercup?" I ask as I enter the kitchen.
Greg                      "That’s fair enough. And I'm sorry about grabbing your arm, I just wanted to catch you before you rushed off somewhere and I'm sorry about using my powers. I shouldn't have." I agreed at first and then met his eye again where he seemed to pause for a minute to look over his brother and his partner.
Mycroft                       I give her a sly smile. "I see. Either you don't know, or we've not yet found the price for your loyalty. I suspect the latter." I rise to my feet. "The gentleman beside me is a police officer. I am an agent of the Meta Human Office. That's all you need to know. That, and I am not bound by police protocols to obtain information from you."
Mycroft                       My face flushes with embarrassment as I lie naked beneath him as he looks me over hungrily.
Mycroft                     "There's a first time for everything, Detective Inspector..." I grab his collar roughly and pull him away from the door into my arms.
Moran                        "No." My voice is firm. "I was going to just babysit that fucking bratty sister of yours until Jim called for me again." There's a tilt to my head now, almost proud. "Jim's probably going to make Sherlock an offer that's better than anything he has here."
Greg                            "Not usually. It’s just with a few cases going through the court at the minute that I am. I usually get home around half 7, 8pm..." I could see he had pad thai, my back relaxing back into the chair and it seemed a lot more relaxed between us somehow.
Greg                             "I’m... I’m sorry, she was unconscious when I got to her... I don’t think she'll make it..." I said weakly through the oxygen mask as the woman rushes up to me and I could only presume that she was Mrs. Price's daughter. I'd never met her but encouraged her to sit on the pavement with me.
John                            “Good. Glad to hear it.” I take another drink.
Sherlock                   I slide down onto the sofa once more, nibbling in my ginger nuts, occasionally attempting to slide one her way to see what she thinks. For the most part, I stay quiet, abashed by my earlier argument with the child and rocky start, watching John interact with his daughter now to try and learn.
I'll visit once you've relaxed. take a few pills. I'll have your old friend delivered to your room if you prefer the needle version.
Nurse
Notting Hill Hostel. Rm 42. Stay there.  ~JM
In this chapter, the nurse is voiced by johnwatsonblog
Greg                            "Then we can get back home... bed, see what this punishment entails." I said softly as I brought my hand up to skim through his hair, being sure that he was lulled even further by my heart beat that was back to its normal rate again.
I continue to look over the layout, mapping everything out in my head. By the time I let go of John's hand, I have started to tremble, and both John and Greg are looking at me worried.
Greg                            "Then all we've got to go on is Seb… who escaped when he was being transferred over to the Yard." I sighed as I brought the coffee mugs over, sitting beside Mycroft and his expression was the same as mine when I find out.
Mycroft                     I busy myself with cooking a light breakfast for her. "I am sure your father has plenty of ideas of what you should see in London."
Mycroft                 I glared at Lestrade a little, and with a nod to John, excused myself from the room. Lestrade caught my arm in the corridor, and I turned to listen.
Sherlock                     "Note?" I snap. "Oh of course there's a note. Why are we wasting time here?" Suddenly I'm gone. Zapping half way down the corridor towards the exit.
John                            I shake my head, taking a seat. “I don’t see we have a choice. We need to get to him. This is the only way.”
Mycroft                     "What?" I look at him, perplexed by his reaction.
Sherlock                   After a few moments of work, I suddenly gasp, taking a shuddering, weak breath by myself.
Sherlock                   Chuckling, I allow him to slip sated from my lips, ducking to chase the few remaining drips with my tongue, before climbing the bed swiftly to push our lips together in a wet kiss, whispering, "My turn now."
Mycroft                     "The military unit should have regained control by now. I will head to the governor's office and see what I can do from there."
Greg                             The clothes seem to stick to me and it does take both of us to get me stripped down to then dry me off. Mycroft found me something from my suitcase, us both sitting in the bathroom with the hair dryer, drying our hair.
Greg                             "Sure. You can use the shower first while I sort out coffee and some toast." I said as I slipped my dressing gown on, it saving any embarrassment incase Mrs. Price decided to come knocking to speak to me about the noise from last night.
John                            Bounding up the stairs from Mrs. H’s with my toolbox, I enter the flat into the kitchen. I set my tools on the kitchen table and round the corner into the sitting room. “Sherlock, Sorry! Mrs. H insisted on keeping me for tea after I had a look at her washer-dryer. She... oh hey Mycroft.”
Greg                            "I know and it might be an absolute shit storm right now but I am trying my best to get that for you." I finished off my bottle and got up to think about sleep. It would be weird without having Mycroft there beside me.
Sherlock                   Pulling him out a little, I nod, tightening my lips and then humming, deep and musical in my throat, my whole mouth vibrating with the sound before I begin just to lap at his slit and around his head, my hand taking over the pumping motions
Sherlock                     Without waiting I shoulder on through into his flat, heading towards the kitchen, "Are you sure he isn't here? he has a habit of making himself comfortable in places you don't expect him."
John's eyes widen, staring at Mary in horror, then the building explodes, his vision fading to white...then black...
Moriarty                   "Mine was a pure Soldier. A perfect fishy." But... That was the past. Time to move on. "Now that leaves you plenty of room to take over as my 2nd in Command."
Mycroft                       I sigh, and push Sherlock out of the way, taking a seat at the table. He sits across from me, listening intently. "I received another report on a meta that went missing - a young woman. Greg and I went to interview her boyfriend. While Greg spoke to the boyfriend, I took charge of her infant... a boy, about 4 months old. I... read him. Was able to get some information. When we were driving back to NSY, I told Greg what I had learned, and he became unreasonably angry that I had read the child without consent."
Mycroft                       I follow him into the bathroom. After a moment's hesitation, I strip off my gloves and step into the shower with him, putting my arms carefully around him, stroking his back softly.
Seb                        "Let’s just get out of here... there's nothing here so we need to speak to intelligence... see where their heads are, more than likely up their arses..." I sighed tiredly at their sweet little act and chewed on my lip when Mary insisted on searching the last room that was in the heart of the building.
Greg                            I had sat down when I'd heard Mycroft’s voice, trying to look interested in my phone, looking up when he stepped in to the kitchen and I noticed the change of name back to professional. "Hi." I said softly.
Rosie                           "Yeah you'd need a Mom... What should she have told me bout you?" I really want to know more bout John but I can't figure out the right questions.
Mycroft                     Greg and I follow John up the stairs to 221B. Surprisingly, John found the door was unlocked.
Moriarty                   "I've lost Eurus to her Mind Palace and Seb to your DI." We start up a flight of stairs that will lead to my private balcony. "All I have left now is you."
Mrs. Lipton             I take a bit from the half toast he gave me to buy some time. "Sarah, my sister, she had a heart attack a few weeks ago."
missed call
Greg                             I had noticed he was still not wearing gloves but leant into him anyway, not noticing my pulse racing and my smile soft as Colin Firth came on the screen and I hadn’t told anybody that it was a secret indulgence of mine. I thought he was a great actor and he had been in a few NSFW dreams of mine too.
Dave the Druggist       My face clouds with a little confusion, "I work for Mr... wait, he's..." shaking my head, I wince, "That's strange. I see him every so often to discuss things. I just can't recall...." every time I try and think of his name or face they slip away from me.
Sherlock               I reappear, panting by Lestrade's side. My hands are covered in blood, "He's alive. John is alive. I... I couldn't get to the others. Please, please hurry."
