“Aye my good man, does she come to you often to be washed, surely she can do it herself instead of wasting your time.”
But the time Bruce had finished with his breasts, Tony was begging and promising anything to not have to endure the final three strikes.
Steve wasted no time releasing his cock and plunging into the dark inviting hole burying himself to the hilt.  Tony s scream of pain and pleasure at the intrusion made his cock throb and lengthen even more, the slick filled channel gripping and sucking him deeper.
Natasha moved forward towards him, gently stroking his reddened cheek, her slight smile seemed to show he was forgiven but the glint in her eyes told him that he was going need to work for it a little bit more.
Steve in fact ended up posing with Tony, dressed in a crisp white dress shirt and black trousers. Steve sat relaxed on a chaise lounge legs stretched out, ankles crossed. Tony sat on the floor beside him, head tilted up, Steve’s hand resting on his bare shoulder.  But the readers eye would automatically be drawn to the tiny mesh panel that held no bulge, but was smooth and tight against Tony’s crotch.
“Now let’s get a fresh diaper on you little tush, daddy ordered these just for his baby boy, no more disposable diapers.  These are sustainable fitted cloth diapers with extra thick padding, much kinder to your soft skin and the environment.”
“Feel that baby? That is what a well behaved obedient little one does in their diaper, from now on that is what I expect and to help you achieve this we are going to increase your formula and juice so that your bladder is constantly full and needs to empty itself.
“Doctor Gottlieb what is the total fee for this procedure?”
“Give it ten minutes then bring him down to the Hulk Room, you can stay and watch but Hulk is in charge, if he wants your help with anything he will let you know.”
You owe it to the world to pass on your genius to ensure the continuation of the Stark legacy to produce future Alphas that will shape and change the world and Omega bitches to be bred and serve their Alphas.
He had bought his Omega down to the work shop early that morning, Tony had been jittery and unfocused unable to concentrate on his training from the moment he had woken him up.  After 30 minutes of constant correction which had resulted in a punishment spanking JARVIS had suggested that maybe Tony needed to be in his work shop as usually when he got this manic it was the only thing that calmed him down and helped him focus.
Still have not decided how many pups there are going to be yet.
Steve, I think he needs a spanking for making such a mess, can I do it for you?”
Sira laughed as she watched the petite omega, trying to escape his Alpha’s hold, eyes glued on the glass cups rapidly filling with Jotun milk.
Tony shivered as Steve started to wipe down his genitals with cold antiseptic wipes, a sharp prick followed making him jump and within moments he could not feel any sensation around his cock.
Stepping close he loosened his robe, his hard cock pressing against Loki’s naked skin, he rutted between pale thighs as he fondled and pinched pert breasts and hard teats, the smell of rich creamy milk filling the room.
Darcy help Lady Sophie get undressed, throw away her clothes and shoes, she won’t be needing them anymore.”
Steve steadied Tony as they walked up the final incline to the rendezvous site, they had made good time, he had only just put Tony down so that he could have his arms free to wield his shield if there was anyone waiting to ambush them.
Once his knot deflated enough, he pushed Tony to her knees and had her suck him off whilst he finished showering.
Slick is dripping down his parted thighs and he can see his cock straining against the confines of its cage, his pussy lips are puffy and swollen stretched wide clinging to the end of the huge dildo stuffed up his cunt.  His asshole is aching, the burn of his overstretched hole makes him wince each time he tries to take a step.  His body is burning with the need to have his Alphas fill him, to pump him full of cum, to slack the need coursing through is veins.
Chapter 49
Chapter 37
Winter laughed, poor little omega had no idea of the surgery he would be facing after the pups arrived.  Still it would mean a much healthier and fertile omega, free of the shrapnel and the arc reactor.   Yes, he could allow this last orgasm as a gift to their stubborn mouthy omega, who might eventually learn his place.
Each cheek received twenty strikes of the same paddle he had used at dinner, then he had her lay on her back with her legs spread and hooked over her arms, so her cunt and hole were fully exposed, her swollen clit glistening.
You are not going to be the reason I end up stuck here.”
“Now you be a good whore and make sure you apologize to every person that fucks your dirty omega holes, for being a lying, deceitful bitch for the last twenty years.
“Ok guys you know what to do, go milk your cow.  Action!”
The meeting with the psychologist later that afternoon had been stressful but enlightening, she had explained clearly all the stages of recovery that Tony would need to be supported through, how to help deal with the inevitable onslaught of negative emotions and how to take measures to protect themselves from the verbal backlash of anger and fear that would be turned on them.  She had told them that if they could persevere and reach the point where Tony understood that even at his worst he was wanted and loved, that unlike his father they accepted him for who and what he was, then there was every likely hood Tony would heal and be able to form strong bonds with the Pack and mate with the pack member of his choice.
Steve knew he would have to change his thong after Bruce had finished with him. He could feel that the scrap of lace was already soaked with his slick.  He did not hesitate, holding onto the arms of the chair as Banner rutted in his cunt.
There was a minute shift in the air before the flogger landed on his raised ass, he had been so lost in his thoughts he had missed Alpha Steve moving into position.  The flogger continued to rein down on his back, ass and thighs until he was crying and begging for Steve to stop, he could do nothing but howl when the strands of the flogger hit his pussy or hole, eventually the flogging  stopped and he was hauled to his feet before being impaled on Steve’s cock, his legs dangling as Steve held him against his chest as he fucked up into him. He could see the list and avarice on the spectators faces as he was pounded by his Alpha, one of his large hands roaming down to his pussy, three fingers pushing deep into his wet cunt to send him screaming into his first climax.  He could hear cheering and clapping as his cunt pulsed, squirting his juices forcibly out on to the floor.
“Alpha, are you going to let a pathetic snivelling omega challenge what you can and cannot do?  Does the little bitch think it can turn on the tears to get you to change your mind?  Spoilt bitch needs to be put in its place, cock slut, cum dump and breeder that is all that an omega is.”
“Baby boy I am so proud of you for using your words, daddy is so happy that you have placed yourself fully under my care, there is no going back after this, you are mine body and soul forever.
Natasha, Steve and Pepper turned to look at each other, the same thought running through their minds, it was why Steve had chosen Widow as his Second in Command, she nearly always anticipated exactly what he wanted done and knew what he was thinking even before he could form the words.
Winter grinned at Steve’s deep groan as his knot popped, the bulging cheeks of their omega stretched taut round the knot was all it took for him to thrust balls deep and lock tight his knot, deep in the shaking meg’s tight passage.
Peter woke up later that evening bracketed between Pepper and Happy in a massive bed, both took turns feeding and giving him sips of water.  Happy helped him to the bathroom where he blushed uncontrollably when told he was not allowed to touch his cock and that Happy would hold it for him.  It took minutes for him to relax enough to be able to pee, and once he was finished Happy wiped him down and led him back to the bed.
As he helped him walk towards the doctor’s office he noticed the change in Tony’s gait, apart from the obvious slowness instead of the usual rushed stride there was a slight bow-leggedness to his slow shuffle.  Ha! of course, the padded diaper between his thighs meant his sweet heart couldn’t close them fully making it difficult to walk straight legged.  He would need to look further into the best kind of diapers for his baby, the utilitarian hospital ones would not do at all.
Tony’s jaw is aching and he can feel drool on his chin, his nostrils flare as he tries to draw air down into his starving lungs.  With each panicked breath he swallows around his alpha’s fat cock pulling it further into his throat.
He shuddered pushing deep down the tiny voice at the back of his mind that laughed at him, that whispered that he had loved being dominated and mastered, that even now his abused hole was twitching and leaking cum and slick when he thought of Steve’s huge cock thrusting into him over and over again.
It was a nightmare, it had to be, how could he have been reduced to a pathetic, needy knot slut.  For days he had been fucked and knotted by Bucky, only allowed supervised trips to the bathroom, where he suffered the indignity of being given daily enemas and having to sit down to pee like a girl.  Bucky bathed him and dressed him, always in revealing lingerie and heels.
Ten strikes of the paddle followed by two hours kneeling naked in the Avengers common room bound and gagged for all to see.   Or I fuck you hard and knot you now and feed you what I want for breakfast.   Blink once for the first option and twice for the second, you have until I count to twenty to make your decision.”
“Come on Pep, lace those boots up, we need to get to Stark Industries, the formalities of removing you as CEO have to be observed and documents signed, then the board will vote on a new CEO, guess who gets the position?  Why yes little old me will be voted in unanimously by all the members, and as part of the celebrations your whoring skills will be fully utilized."
The President stared at the heavily pregnant blue skinned creature, the white swirls stretching over the taut belly, emphasised the huge bulge, the small breasts pert and round with their pierced red nipples.  His eyes were drawn to her sex as she knelt and spread her thighs, hands cradling her belly so that her gash was fully exposed.
Sita only laughed as she went to her knees between the Loki’s spread thighs.
A quick hard bite of the mating gland was the only warning he gave before bringing the flogger down against his spine.  Tony jerked forward his whole body twisting as his feet left the floor. Again and again the flogger found its mark up and down his back, the skin turning a deep red rose.  Steve could see the muscles tightening across his Omega’s shoulders arms and legs quivering with the strain placed on them.
He picked up the list of instructions,
Steve put his hand on Tony’s back, splayed fingers pressing against the burning skin bringing him closer. The small sob that escaped Tony’s lips as he kissed the flogger was perfect.
“Inspector you will be the first official from the Centre to witness my new method of branding, I will of course be making it available under licence to the Centre for Omega Control.  My method is exceptionally accurate and hygienic, preventing infection and initiating a faster healing rate.  The complete immobilization of the hands within the gel completely negates any chance of the brand being applied incorrectly or the image being distorted.
After six stripes she was empty and covered in filth. Her two tormentors just laughed and pissed all over her.
“Ms Romanov, Pepper that’s all the official photos for the magazine completed, l will send you the final choices for your approval tomorrow, along with the rewrite of the article.
“Fucking hell, you bastard! Let me go you, it’s not enough that you have kidnapped and manipulated me into mating you, now you have to proof your alpha ness by raping me in public.
Doc, use whatever means at your disposal to ensure you get the results I want.”
Dr Gottlieb took some time to consider the Captain’s request, with modern day surgery they could certainly reduce the size of genitalia without too much scarring and loss of function but there was no scientific way of producing a fully functioning self-lubricating anus as of yet.  Also, the recovery time would not be the Captain’s liking along with the detrimental effect it would have on Tony’s conditioning therapy treatments.
Blinking against the sudden light he, trembled and tried not to wretch as the penis feeding gag was pulled out of his throat, coughing produced another problem, his bladder spasmed letting him know he needed to piss.  His limbs trembled as he collapsed on to the padded liner of the crate, the bliss of being able to stretch out his stiff limbs and actually be able to hear and see took his mind of his pressing need to pee.
It will give you some answers but be warned its not going to suddenly turn all warm and fluffy, there is still some way to go before there is any resolution.
Banner was silent as he retook his seat, Betty moving back in to place between his spread thighs.
Pepper approached Steve’s suite, she didn’t know what to expect, Natasha had just sent her straight to Steve after work, not even giving her time to change out of her suit.  She knocked on his door and waited for permission to enter.
The flush of need and want that covers your skin and the blissed out look in your eyes. How your fuck holes clench tightly round my cock not wanting to let go, the copious amount of slick and cunt juices that squirt out your holes.
That session had greatly relieved his sadist tendencies and built up sexual, aggression, and the little omega had benefited from being thoroughly dominated and humiliated.  Tony had looked at him with a suspicious expression afterwards, but had shaken it off quickly and crawled into the bathroom to clean up.
Moments later he was once again laying on the soft foam bathing mattress, keeping his eyes closed he tried to block out the press of Nurse Meyer wiping down his trembling limbs.  As soon as he felt the the rip of the diaper tab he covered his flaming face with his now free hands.
Natasha did make an excellent PA, but Lucy had been completely loyal to her and and the perfect unassuming assistant that she could send to any of her contacts.  Also, a really good fuck and stress relief, her beta cunt a convenient hole for her alpha cock to use.
I must stress how important it is that we as Alphas must embrace the return to a more conservative and traditional approach to bonding and the place of omegas in our society.  I urge you all to vote for the upcoming Amended Omega Rights Bill.  You only have to look at Tony before he was bonded to see that omegas are incapable of functioning on their own for an extended period of time, for all his genius and ability to create and be Iron Man he has shown himself to be weak and foolish with his personal life.
Finally another chapter, sorry it has been so long.
“Tony if you require help you will ask politely for assistance, there is no shame in admitting you are unable to do something. Now Nurse Meyer has been waiting patiently to bath and change you, I believe it is time that you showed her what a good boy you can be.”
Tonight the last remnants of Tony Stark will be banished and Tony Pup will be bitched and bred for your entertainment and for him to finally accept that he nothing more than a Sub-Human Pet.”
Loki had hated being an omega, especially when his Jouton side leaned more to being, an Alpha. Odin had placed a spell on him that for years had supressed his Juton heritage, it was no wonder he had thrown himself off the Bio-frost.  His punishment for New York had been total isolation in the dungeons for a year, then a year of service as omega to the knights and warriors of Asgard, daily whippings and the humiliation of being forced to kneel naked on display at the side of Odin’s throne whenever court was in session. The only thing he hadn’t hated were the forced piercings, although he would never admit that to Odin. They were in lieu of a collar as even Odin would not go against Frigga when she had stated that as a |Prince of Asgard, Loki was not wearing the symbol of a common omega.
Wasting no time once the Quinjet landed on the roof of the tower he ran towards the penthouse following the heat scent of his omega, stripping off his uniform until only the tight leather pants and boots remained. On reaching the master bedroom he found Winter dressed in a similar fashion standing at the foot of their bed arms folded across the large expanse of his chest.
Once his knot had deflated so that he could move, he fucked deep into the cyka’s throat, fingers gripping dark curls.  It pleased him that he only had to roughly shake the cyka’s head a few times before he went limp and allowed Winter to do what ever he wanted.
Pepper lay on the naked on the dining table as the chefs decorated her body with
Tony squirmed as the Judge's cold fingers stroked his exposed belly, and pinched his tiny nubs, he seemed fascinated by the soft roll of fat resting on the edge of his diaper, rolling it between his fingers, chuckling each time Tony tried to wriggle free.  Tony tried to ignore the hard length pressing up against his diapered bottom, but the Judge’s hand on his shoulder held him still.
You are so strong for everyone, let me take care of you when l think you need a rest from being the leader, it is not weak to want comfort and respite with a friend and comrade.   With me in these private moments you do not have to carry the weight of this broken world on your shoulders.”
“What is going to happen to our omega?”
“Good morning Alpha Rogers and Omega Stark, to start with we will go through the traditional presentation positions, omega please take your place standing on the red mat, I understand that some may be difficult as with your prior injuries you would not have been able to practice, but try your best.”
Tony wanted to throw up as he forced the last words out, hating himself for giving in to his omega nature so completely, abandoning his support for Omega Rights just because his addiction to cum demanded he be fucked and filled. He ignored the little voice in his head telling him that he secretly loved being dominated and humiliated, though he could not ignore the stream of slick sliding down his legs as his Alpha rubbed his cock against his backside.
“Mmm.fh ..mmmf  …mmmm..  nngh”
Steve smirked as he pulled his fingers out and pushed his cock into his baby boy’s special hole, filling it to the hilt. Covering Tony’s body with his much larger one he began to move with slow gentle thrusts, increasing the speed as his baby was whimpering and moaning, begging him to go faster and harder.
When we get back to the penthouse I want you to go straight to the bathroom to shower and clean yourself inside and out.  I want you on your hands and knees in the middle of our bed within 30 minutes.  On the bedside cabinet will be two cum shakes I expect you to drink both of them.
Tony cried out as his body followed his Alpha’s order, his climax ripping through him as Steve’s fingers and cock thrust into his abused holes. Tears filled his eyes as his body betrayed him once again, the smell of piss and sex filling the room.  Shame filled his soul as cum poured out his asshole, making a puddle on the floor, yet his cock stayed hard, his pussy clenching with each rub of his Alpha’s thumb on his over sensitive clit.
In the mean time we have a pretty little girl waiting to be fucked back at the Tower.”
“Thank you Captain Rogers, now drink your tea whilst I give you an update you on what is happening.”
Tony cried out eyes going wide as Steve started to scrub his mouth, he could not even pull away as Steve was holding onto his jaw tightly pressing him against the back of the toilet. Kicking his legs out he tired to connect with Steve’s knee hoping to startle him in to letting him go but all he succeeded in doing was sliding forward on the slippery toilet seat so his head was at even a better angle for bar of soap.
“Look at you such a good boy for your Alpha drinking all that lovely goodness without any fuss, obedient omegas get rewarded would you like that?  Just wait until later I have arranged a special treat just for you.”
Tony couldn’t help rolling his eyes, yeah it was great that some nutty witch had de-aged him and then he had been shot out of the sky, breaking his arm and leg and was now stuck in hospital wearing frilly knickers and stuffing his face with food! And let’s not forget, also on his way to being bonded to Captain America! Fuck! Fuck and bloody Fuck!
He was under no illusions that he would ever get near the Iron man armour again unless the world was ending and that worst of it was his stupid omega biology made it seem that this was fine and that it was want he wanted.
The room was incredibly warm with the open fire, all the windows were closed, and the curtains drawn, Darcy had no choice but to sit waiting on the loveseat, the seat of the high back chair on the opposite side of the fire place had a stack of books covering it.  By the time the President entered she was hot and flushed, her thick baggy jumper uncomfortable and itchy.
Natasha stepped forward baring his way, glaring at him whilst twisting the widow bite bracelet on her wrist, ironically the same ones he had made for her.  He withdrew the crisp white envelope from his breast pocket and offered it to her the hospital logo clearly shown on the front.  Minutes passed before she took it, she then turned her back on him showing him how insignificant a threat she saw him.
“What the f..fuck is that Steve? Get it out of me now!”
A large hand gripped her hair, pulling her neck taut, exposing her swollen bonding gland.  Her continued struggles were for nothing, he bit down hard, Alpha teeth tearing in to the skin flooding the bonding mark with his saliva, triggering the bonding process.  Darcy wailed as his knot grew to its full size and cum flooded her cunt, flowing up in search of eggs to fertilise.  Pulling her up until she fully straddled his thighs he forced his knot further in to her cervix which in turn pushed his cock further up in to her vagina, hand splayed across her soft stomach he could trace the thick length of his pulsing cock as his cum continued fill her.
Days passed, the meagre food supplies ran out, until all he was left with was dried fruit and tap water, but still he was not prepared to give in and follow the instruction written on the parchment left on the table. He was not going to be bullied into being a performing monkey.
Steve stroked Tony’s hair and rub his back as he waited for him to calm down, it was a few minutes before his omega finally began to speak.
Clint the fucker! had a fascination with watching his teats being stretched and milked, smirking each time Tony mewled as he slyly turned up the pressure of the suction pump.  Natasha liked to have control of the remote for the dildos attached to the seat and was ruthless in her use of them, firmly of the belief that the more stimulation he received the more milk he would produce, she had heard it from old Russian wife’s tales.
You have until I have completed my paperwork to decide, then I will let Dr Banner and Professor Hulk know what procedures they need to prepare for.”
Pepper kissed his tear stained cheeks, keeping up a slow and easy rhythm, omegas were so easy to manipulate if you found the right leverage. Peter would settle down and behave, his guilt over his Aunt would keep him inline, which was why she had been so insistent he visit her at least twice a week.   She would ensure that on his next visit May was being punished or even better being fucked to orgasm, both would make Peter feel it was his fault in different ways.
Steve didn’t know what kind of relationship this Stark had with his father, but he would bet that Howard in any multi-verse would have made known his disappointment of having an omega for a son and said son would have spent his life trying to impress and gain Howard’s love and approval.
After stripping out of his clothes he climbed back on to the bed, straddling the now unconscious Darcy, the effects of the slow acting drug hidden in her food would begin to wear off in the next few minutes, before that he was going to have some fun.  Placing her arms above her head he strapped on the leather wrist cuffs, next the ankle cuffs which he left unattached as he hadn’t decided what position he would finally fuck her in.  Straddling her thighs, he ran his knife up the centre of her t-shirt, her tits sprang free again from the restraining material, they were gorgeous, plump and round with pert hard nipples, there was no sagging or drooping unlike his previous bonded omega’s.  He would make sure they stayed that way even after breeding, modern medicine could provide nearly anything now, that an Alpha wanted for their omega.
Tony moaned as both his Alphas ran their hands over his sensitive skin paying special attention to his huge tits, pinching and tugging on his nipples until his milk was flowing down his body soaking his shift so that it moulded clung to his tits and stomach.  He felt Bucky’s metal fingers breaching his asshole as Steve sucked on his left nipple whilst twisting and milking his other one.
This is the first chapter of Tony's heat, there will be more Steve has a lot planned for his omega.
Tony shuffled forward, there was no escaping his punishment, he knew that he deserved it for how badly he had been behaving.  Even after four weeks he still felt a blush cover his face as he lay himself over Steve’s lap, shivering as his large hand caressed his lacy drawers.
“I guess I am just going to have to discipline you until you remember your place in this relationship.”
“Sweet heart come on, just four more mouthfuls of dinner then you can have a big slice of the delicious coffee cake that Natasha has made especially for you.  Then afterwards Thor is going to feed you some Asgardian grapes that have been frosted with crystalized ginger.
“Such a shame that such a wonderful sweet child had to grow up into that nasty young man, it’s a pity that he could not have stayed a child. His poor husband Captain Rogers must wonder why he ever married him, I bet he would like to put him over his knee and spank all that naughty bratty behaviour out of him!  Only child I never had to discipline with my wooden spoon, think I will send it to Captain Rogers perhaps he will make better use of it.”
Tony hissed and tried to jerk away but the straps held him motionless. He could feel the added pressure of Steve’s fingers as they pressed up against the blades finding the one that covered his prostrate.
“Come bitch! come on my knot, my slutty, cum dump omega Captain!”
I will have the documents couriered to you once I have stamped them with my official court seal of office.”
“Dirty, horrible brat!  You will stand in that corner until Captain Rogers arrives and even then, you will not move until I have told him how rude and un-cooperative you have been.
Steve contemplates the idea of Tony naked and kneeling between Pepper’s spread thighs  eating her out, before latching on to her hard dripping nipples and suckling until his stomach is bloated with her milk.
If he wants to see Tony before he deploys, we will need ensure that he wears a gag in Rhodes presence just to be certain he cannot convince him of our deception.  I will ask the Colonel to take Iron Man’s place and join the Avengers full-time once he has returned.”
Dr Cho left with Bruce to administer the injection of extremis, Pepper began to compose a statement to be released to the Press, Natasha had already left to make her calls when all of a sudden, the shrill sound of medical alarms blared loudly in the quiet room.  Steve rushed out followed by the others towards the intensive care medical bays, they could do nothing but stop and stare as Dr Cho and Dr Banner fought to stop the violent seizures taking control of Stark’s unconscious body.  Minutes passed before the machines stopped there wailing and only the flat constant sound of the heart rate monitor filled the room.
“Hello baby doll, don’t you just look the sweetest thing, ready and waiting to become our omega again.   We both thought it would be fitting to renew our bond in the very place that Howard first developed the formula to bind his omega son to us. Howard gifted us his greatest creation, so we are going to once again carry out his wish and this time the bond will be unbreakable.”
Chapter 8
“Cyka, now to mark you so that all can see that you are mine.”
Humming quietly Steve tidied up the nursery, placing a fresh bottle in the warmer ready for the night feed, his baby needed to be kept on a strict feeding schedule in order for him to gain some much needed weight, he was far to skinny.  He wanted to be able to cuddle his baby boy without feeling his ribs, a soft belly to tickle, love handles to squeeze and a plump little bubble butt to pinch.
“Good, put him to work, we have a few new milk bitches, Prince Thor made a covert visit to Midgard a few days ago to claim a seasoned milk cow and a few new candidates he had his eyes on.
Today was going to be a silent day, May, had a feeding gag strapped to her mouth, he could see the thick fluid being forced fed down her throat, the faint whir of the electric pump sounding every time it released more nutrients.  Two of the girl pups were latched on to her breasts, greedily sucking on her teats, he felt an echo of an ache in his own chest, aware that this could have been his fate if Pepper had not seen his educational record and decided she wanted him indentured as a Stark Industry omega for his crimes and as her secondary omega at home.
Humming with pleasure she welcomed the return of the fingers to her once again milk laden breasts, the thick digits kneading and stroking, coaxing the flow of milk from her aching teats with a gentleness that she had never been shown before.  She couldn’t help but moan a soft ‘thank you’ to her gentle tormentor.
“See, you can obedient, now let’s see if you can suck me off within ten minutes, if not I will start on your tits.”
Five minutes felt like an eternity, he couldn’t heat the silent tears that ran down his cheeks or the sobs that started when he realized that he had wet himself again.
Steve undressed his omega, leaving him in just his drawers, noting that they were on the last pearl button.  He was glad that he had thought to bring a pair of the new ones that he recently had made for Tony.
“Do you have a job?”
“Tony, l need you to curl your thumb into your palm, keep your fingers close together and then slide them all back into my cunt.”
I will need to order you some new smaller pull ups as well and have some new lingerie designed and made for my baby and twink, in fact probably a whole new wardrobe.”
“T…thirty Alpha”
Now it was no bigger than a couple of inches just as the doctor had said and incapable of becoming fully erect.  It was still sensitive to his Alpha’s touch plumping up slightly as Steve’s fingers glided across it to rub at the smooth skin behind it.
Odin will either have you crawl or walk with your leash in your mouth, that is usually when you are nearing the end of a pregnancy and your belly is huge.
He waited for his knot to go down enough so he could manoeuvre Stevie onto his stomach, pushing him face down and ass up. The plug was large, bit was easy to fit into his gaping hole. The few steaks of cum that dripped out he massaged into Stevie’s healing bite.
Tony hid his smile, allowing his whole body to go lax under his ministrations, whilst it was true that his hands had been prickling with pins and needles due to their confinement it had been nowhere near the painful cramps he had pretended to have.  Slipping his hands round Steve’s waist he crept his fingers slowly down to his back pocket, whilst wriggling his bottom over the growing hardness he felt against his padded ass hoping that Steve would be sufficiently distracted whilst he removed his mobile phone.
“Arrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, oh god please, p…please, so full, I can’t take it, g..get me off now!”
Tony tugged at the hem of his t-shirt, twisting the material nervously as he tried to find the right words to explain.  Catching sight of the top of his pull-up he quickly covered it with the scrunched cotton.
The pups go to the crèche, some of the omegas we keep, the betas and most of the alphas are sold to adoption agencies. At any given time, we have at least half of the milk cows pregnant and twenty plus pups.
He moved to the bed, pressing Tony down onto the mattress and dragging his hips up so he could piston in and out of Tony’s still tight hole.  It was a delicious feeling to be the one dragging out all those filthy sounds from Tony, he grabbed hold of Tony’s hair and pulled him up into his lap, forcing him down onto his growing knot.  He tweaked one pert nipple as he ran his finger over his tiny hard cock, his sweetie screamed as he came, which tipped him over the edge, his cum flooding Tony’s insides until he could see both the soft roundness of his cum filled belly, and the hard thick length of his cock.
Thor left without a backward glance; he has a horny, pregnant omega to fuck.
His cock hardened as he felt the warmth of the pee filled diaper against his thigh, he was sure with the amount his baby had drunk it would start leaking out.  Sitting Tony up he laid his hand over the bulging nappy amazed he could still feel it swelling as his baby’s seemingly endless stream of pee continued.
“That’s it Tony just lay there and take my fingers and cock like the slutty whore of an omega you are.  I’m going to fuck your ass hole and then fuck your virgin cunt open wide until you scream.
“His Highness, Crown Prince Thor of Asgard, Loki Half-Breed, and Master Sira of Jotun.”
Tony was curious as to what he would be wearing, with the body jewellery he expected it would be one of the long thin diaphanous tunics that he had seen other omegas wear on formal occasions.  He was therefore surprised when Steve wrapped a short kilt like skirt around his waist, settling it to sit just under his pregnant belly. Next, he placed a thin woven metal belt to keep the kilt in place.
Tony protested loudly that he did not need to wear a nappy even though he was aware that he had wet himself during the night, and remembered being told that he would have bladder and bowel problems after his detox. He had kicked and screamed when Steve had paddled his backside for swearing and throwing things, but in the end tearfully agreed to putting on a pull up since it was the first time Steve had being willing to compromise.
There was no way he was never going to drink coffee again, what the fuck was Steve thinking, it was time to put a stop to all this nonsense.  He was going to get hold of Pepper and Rhodey, they would sort Steve out it was obvious now that he had some sort of breakdown and not Tony.  Yes, it was time to get creative, he would need to get hold of Steve’s phone but with these stupid mitts on he would never be able to use it, how he wished he had just gone ahead and integrated Jarvis even if Steve had told him no at the time.
Meg had him change position on to his hands and knees when the pressure on his spine became to much. The relief was instantaneous and he felt himself sob as the pressure eased.
“Captain Rogers, my surgery is fully equipped with machines to provide all the sexual stimulation you pet will require to ensure the hormone treatments work.  I will be able to closely monitor the physical changes and adjust treatment accordingly if needed.”
Steve took Tony straight through to the ensuite bathroom off Tony’s master bedroom smirking at the title it was now Steve’s Master Bedroom Tony would have his own small Omega bedroom for when Steve was away on missions or for when one of his punishments was not being allowed to sleep with Steve.
“No doctor, my omega with have a natural birth with as little medical intervention as possible.  There was none of these drugs in 1940s and omegas  still managed to give birth.”
In the end Steve gagged Tony and bound his arms and legs, just so he could get some sleep, it was unsettling how is baby boy had disappeared and he was faced with would seemed to be a foul mouthed teenager.  He knotted him though out the night, regardless if Tony was awake or sleeping, he loved the feel of Tony’s swollen, cum filled belly, how his small, soft body was dwarfed by his. Moving his hand, he toyed with the rings on Tony’s cock, tonight he had come so close to taking them off, angered beyond belief that the situation with Ty had occurred and that his baby boy had so blatantly disobeyed him at the Gala.
Omegas need to be bonded so that their lives have a purpose, they need structure, discipline, guidance and to be bred as they were intended to be. We as Alphas have a duty of care to those weaker than ourselves, they must be protected and placed on the right path so that they can fulfil their place in our society.
You will have two heat cycles before the Centre expects to be notified that your omega has been bred successfully and you must breed your omega until the bitch has produced the required two Alphas and two omegas, any norms or betas can be placed with foster carers and the omegas can be cared for at the Centre if you have no wish to train them yourselves.
“Get up on the bed and present yourself for your Alphas.”
Tony crawled slowly in to the Hulk containment room, jaw aching as he tried not to spill the thick cum filling his mouth. Both his Alphas had used his mouth during the ten minutes wait, Steve’s cum filled his stomach providing sustenance for him and the pups, whilst Winter’s cum threatened to spill from his wide-open mouth, the o ring gag making it impossible for him to close his lips.
Steve and Bucky preferred him to remain in the workshop under JARVIS’s watchful eye if they were out of the tower, possessive bastards that they were they made sure to scent mark and fuck him every morning before they left.  They allowed him to wear their clothes in the workshop, usually preferring him naked at all other times they were alone together.  If in the company of the other Avengers depending on his Alphas moods he was mostly naked or wore a loose tunic for easy access if they got the urge to take him in front of them, on the rare occasions he was taken out of the tower he wore the loose tunics with matching trousers.
“Yea, two years should see us where we want to be.
I fully endorse the new Omega Registration Law and the Stark Amendments.”
“As you can see my husband is recovering and developing his own individuality and style once more.  Free from the restraints and pressure of running a Fortune 500 Company and having to adhere to the pressures to conform in a high pressured professional environment.
We will need to ensure that Loki eats and drinks often so that his milk does not dry up.  I would suggest a feeding gag.  You will also need to fuck and mark your omega so that the pup scents and recognises you as well, do this soon after the birth, your seed will help your omega’s birthing canal close and tighten her cunt.”
Hulk used two fingers to open up his little Petey’s hole, Bruce had previously injected him with the same serum that Tony had, which would allow for his hole and passage to stretch to accommodate the Hulk’s length and girth.
7.	You will be responsible for making your communal birthing nest, the only rule is that you factor in the size of our pack who will present throughout labour and birth.  It is also your responsibility to ensure that the nursery is prepared for the new pups and that our other pups bond with their new siblings.
Of course he didn’t lift him off in one go, where would be the fun in that, he would lift him a few inches and then lean down to kiss him, letting Tony slip down a little, the now ribbed sides of the phallus dragging along his cunt. His omega was soon panting and whining like a bitch in heat.
The metal cock cage held cock and balls tightly, Steve had added a small weighted ball to the end making the already heavy cage pull down even more, punishment for Tony swearing as Steve used his knife to remove the small amount of hair that had grown through again around his cock.
Tony opened his mouth but quickly snapped it shut, he would show Steve.  He centered himself and began the meditation mantras of a traditional omega, he lost track of time as he calmed and centered himself.  He was aware of Steve grinding up into his ass, and of the sharp nips to his shoulders but it was as though it was happening to someone else. Smiling to himself he let himself relax slightly so he could track how much longer the film had to go and that was his biggest mistake.
Tony sighed, another two days stuck on lockdown in the workshop, with all the Avengers on call Steve had initiated the lockdown sequence as soon as Bruce had escorted him and the babies to the workshop.  Jarvis had full control of the Tower’s security and weapons systems with only Steve or Winter being able to override him.
Tony felt his cheeks burning as Steve fitted the snug band round his balls and the bright red cock cage over his soft penis, as embarrassing as that was, he was beyond mortified when Steve coated with lube a thin flexible sound before slowly pushed it down his urethral opening and capping it off with a small gold ball.
Darcy hated they way everyone looked at her a laughed as she was paraded through the corridors on the way to the oval office, her Alpha tugging on her leash as he strode along taking to various staff.  Her tits jiggling as she trotted along behind him, the chain between her ankle cuffs only allowing her to take short steps, her backside ruby red after her morning discipline spanking.
Professor Hulk, knew that it was time to do something about Pepper, the determined look in her eyes as she thrust into Betty told him that she had still not broken and accepted her place.  Well without a cock she would be just another fuck hole, a machine could fuck the labouring bitches just as well.
I need to also make you aware that I know you are the Winter Soldier and Bucky Barnes.  You were Hydra’s Asset and I know that you killed my parents.”
Steve watched on the security camera as his naughty little boy wobbled up the corridor, he smirked as small hands tried to open the heavy security doors without success. He noticed immediately when Tony began to waver between his big and little headspace, it was time to retrieve his wayward baby boy.
“Fuck! Fuck! What the hell are you doing are you trying to castrate me? Get off you bastard before you permanently damage my goods, what the hell!”
Steve didn’t need to think about it, he just had one condition.
Now why don’t we go for that ride?  Your bitch can either boil in the sun or if you want can experience a session in the milking shed, I am sure Darcy would enjoy the company.”
Steve's cock slid in to his loose hole, Tony sucked out the last drops of shake before settling himself on to his Alpha’s cock, content to let Steve do all the work.  Stroking his belly feeling the pups kick he drifted off to sleep.
“Such fat pussy lips, ripe and juicy like a split plum, gonna kiss my cock as it slips between them.”
Poor Tony, hurt and very little comfort.
“I think there was an accident of some kind, and he was badly injured, I thought he was dead, but I don’t know.  Thor took the body with him, I heard Banner say to Him.”
Thor wasted no time in sinking deep into his breeder’s cunt, ramming his cock against her cervix with each thrust, his hands leaving bruising marks on her pale blue skin as he forced her hips wider so he could watch his cock sawing into her wet heat.
Now that we have reverse engineered your serum we can start on more intensive training once all the medical procedures have been completed.
Tony goes to work in his new lab, needless to say there have been a few changes it take into account his omega status.
“Prince Thor, this is very disturbing that your breeder can still partially channel his Jotun magic even though his magic has been bound.  It is as you say due to his duel heritage and I would suggest that we remedy this directly after the birth, and before you breed him again.
“Fuck off! Don’t you dare touch my pup, he’s mine! Give me that blanket you Knot Head, you fuckers don’t get near them until I say so.  You wanted a traditional birthing, so you just sit back and watch like the Stone age Alphas did, until all the pups are born!”
When the pups are bought in you will feed them, whilst the interview continues.  You will not speak without permission and I do not have to tell you how much you will be punished if those pups cry and disrupt the President when he is speaking.”
Steve has his shower interrupted.
He really didn’t think they would all fit, but they easily slid in, following her instructions he twisted his wrist repeatedly until his whole hand disappeared into her pussy.
Once he finished he flipped Tony so he was lying on his back, straddling him he pushed his cock into Tony’s pussy as he leant down to bite on his swollen, tender nipples.  His omega screamed and squirted with his first bite, clenching hard on his cock as he continued to torment each nipple until Tony screamed once again as his orgasm rushed through him.
Chapter 22
He hauled the omega up off the floor and threw him onto the bed, cuffing his wrists to the metal frame and spreading his legs wide and up so they to were cuffed to the head of the bed as well. His belt slid easily through the loops of his jeans, he wrapped the buckle in his fist  as he whipped Stark’s exposed sex with the stiff leather, he ensured that the studded tip landed on Stark’s smooth mound, the remaining bundle of nerves swelling beneath the skin, so that he had a target to aim for.  He remembered his father doing this to his mother as a punishment the one time he had peeped as a child, it was a guilty secret and wish that he never imagined he would one day be to enact.
He punctuated his words by grinding her face into his pubic bone, cutting of her air supply.
He turned to the two new security personnel,
Bruce took some blood and DNA samples from both omegas, disappearing to his lab with Sira after she told the Alphas to keep knotting the omegas, especially Loki as his milk production would increase with every orgasm.
I understand that Nurse Meyer has already discussed why diapers must be worn, daily enemas will also be needed to flush out any build up of harmful bacteria.  I recommend the introduction of a butt plug to aid in his sphincter muscles regaining their tightness, anal sex can provide a vigorous work out for these muscles as well.
It took a while to move the sack of oatmeal; in the end he sacrificed the rest of the rough blanket to drag it and the rest of his finds back to the cabin.  He would look in the barn’s loft tomorrow, for now he just wanted to light the stove and eat. It wasn’t until days later that he remembered the barn loft, he had been so tired, eating and sleeping was as much as he could manage. The oatmeal was surprisingly tasty, even if made with water instead of milk, each day he made three small portions, not wanting to run out before he could plan his next move.  He didn’t notice that he was increasing the size of his portion with every meal or that the sack never seemed to empty.  He just knew that he was gaining
Our PR department will hand out details of Tony’s new Instagram account, l am allowing this as l understand he has many fans and that people are concerned for his health and l think this will show how his recovery is progressing, without the pressure of press conferences and the constant stalking of the paparazzi.”
Tony's post pregnancy heat starts.
Natasha smirked at the horrified look on Pepper’s face as she watched Happy shoved the trembling omega into his crate and directed it over to the service elevator.
Come on sweetheart you will feel much better once you have eaten, grumpy omegas are hungry omegas.  Eat your cake and then you can work on Jarvis’s protocols for the next couple of hours until supper time.”
“You can take a few more my Omega?”
The stool was in front of the mirror as always, the small nubs had been exchanged for three larger ones, lowering herself slowly on to them, she groaned as her tender pussy and asshole were once again filled, the smallest nub pressing hard against her fat clitoris.  Lifting a hand, she began to pinch and twist her nipples, the already swollen and throbbing teats sending bolts of pain and unwanted pleasure to her clitoris.  Milk leaked from the thick teats, dripping down her breasts on to her large round belly, using her other hand she began to massage it into her skin.  For ten minutes she tortured herself, the hard, unforgiving wood rubbing her clit and abrading her holes as she forced herself to rise and fall.
“Don’t you worry my eager little bitch I have something to fill up your gaping hole, needy pathetic omegas cannot function without their dirty cunts being stuffed full and their pathetic little cocks locked away.
His Hormone levels have increased to near preheat levels, his womb lining is thickening, and slick production is above normal, all signs that he should go into heat within the next few weeks.  The best news is that he now weighs a healthy 70 kilograms, and the doctor predicts if we can increase this rapidly by 3 kilograms it will help induce his heat.”
Come on baby that’s it, scream for my cock, let me hear you begging  to be taken and bred.”
“P..please Alpha, please let Betty stay at home, I am will be fine on my own with the pups.”
He watched as his little alpha wondered into the communal lounge, bare feet slapping on the marble floor as he stumbled into the kitchen, making a bee line for the coffee machine.  Standing he moved to stand behind him, reaching over to take the cup of coffee before Tony could even take a sip.  He revels in the closeness of their bodies, his  cock stirring as he steers the tired genius in to the lounge and onto the couch, biding him to lay down his head on a cushion and his small feet in his lap.  He traces the lines of delicate bones and blood vessels, rubbing his arches, eliciting small moans from the sleepy genius. He wonders what kind of noises his little alpha will make when he finally sinks his cock into his tight virgin ass hole.
We don’t have time to pander to her soft ways, the birth will happen very soon, Jotun breeder always have long difficult births, and since Loki is half Asir we don’t know what effect that will have on the birthing process.”
“Now convince me that you really are Tony, l, know him and he would never have let himself be willingly bonded and his body modified to this extent.
Steve quickly moved the now soaked parchment, the heady scent of virgin omega cunt juice and blood sending his body into rut.  He dragged the omega’s legs up over his shoulders and without any further prep, buried himself balls deep, his cock head tearing through the final layer of virgin hymen.
Placing a final light kiss on his forehead she then turned and left the room.
Finally he reached the safety of his limo, collapsing on the back seat tears streamed down his face.  There was no going back only forward, but this time he would not be alone with only his bots and A.I. for company and friendship.  Placing his hands on his swollen stomach he could feel his babies kicking and turning inside him.
The President couldn’t hide his enthusiasm at the thought of schooling yet another recalcitrant omega and the political gain of the Prime Minister of England owing him huge favour.
“Steve can l feed him his jelly -beans, l got all his favourite flavours?”
JARVIS monitored the Winter Soldier’s brainwaves and heart rate as the B.A.R.F system erased the trigger words and freed the Soldier from his attachment to Hydra.  Through out the night he watched the memories of the Soldier’s time as an assassin, how his need for structure order and a mission defined his being.  JARVIS could work with this he would give the Soldier a life time mission one that would be so deeply instilled it could not be gotten rid of.  His omega creator would have two Alphas to protect and care for him and any pups they had.  The Avengers would gain another experienced soldier and if ever Iron Man had to make an appearance he would have his Alphas to keep him safe.
Meyer stepped forward to shake his hand after Dr Gottlieb, her handshake was firm and he could now see the broad expanse of muscles under her scrubs which he had thought was fat when she had first entered the office.  There was a no nonsense aura emitting from her, the look in her eyes daring you to disobey her orders, Steve found himself unintentionally standing to attention as though he was facing his old drill sergeant.
In this universe Omegas have to belong to a Pack and be mated within three months of joining a pack.  Omegas are treasured and protected by the pack, they bond with the pack but only mate one member, it does not have to be the Alpha leader, although it is usually the most common pairing.
“Oh my god, it’s really you Bucky, how on earth is it possible that you are still alive? Where have you been? I thought I had lost you forever.”
Tony wanted to die, he could hear all the gasps and murmurs, then the stifled  laughter of the guests as he was led by his leash through the ballroom to The Avengers table.
Natasha held out her hand,
“Thank you so much Judge Edwards, my driver will take you back to the Court House and wait whilst you finalize the paperwork, then he will drive you home where there is a token of our appreciation waiting to serve you.”
Tony was so turned on but felt so humiliated at the same time he could not held but moan.
He gently touched Tony’s face hoping to provide comfort, but was startled when the omega flinched away, eyes fearful as he stared at him with no recognition in his eyes.
“Come here my little omega, you will warm my cock whilst l finish reading, then we will spend the morning training.  I want you walking on leash perfectly before we return to the Tower for the Press conference.”
Tony’s cheeks reddened as he mumbled two days.  He knew that he was going to be severely punished, so had just tried to put it off for as long as possible.
His nostrils flared, scenting the delicious, sweet smell of omega slick and cunt juice, he fetched up against the stall door, kicking it with his feet, wanting it open so he could find the omega, he knew it was futile, the stall had the appearance of being made of wood, but even with his enhanced strength he could not break it.  The scent grew stronger, he knew the omega would be tied to the fucking bench outside his stall for the next two hours, whining and moaning as its holes were pounded.  Every day his balls grew heavier, his cock stiffer, never going soft, as he was tormented by the heavy sex pheromones thrown off by the omega’s.
Pepper’s sliver blond hair was parted in the middle and fell to her ears in a sleek bob, the only color was that of her pink frosted lipstick and small posy of flowers.  Happy was instantly recognizable in his black suit a look of smug satisfaction on his face, and who could deny him that the news anchor had injected, after all he had managed to catch the CEO of Stark Industries and convince her to overhaul her entire wardrobe and cut and dye her trademark ginger hair, which was something she had stated once in an interview she would never do after the disaster of trying to gain her father’s attention as a child.
5.	Inspection first position – Tony raised himself to his hands and knees, keeping his back straight, head lowered and knees slightly apart.
Just as he removed the speculum Pepper began to stir, thankfully he had already placed all the samples on his lab refrigerator, so it was only a matter of covering the used speculum and snapping on a clean pair of medical gloves.
“There we go, you need these on to stop you scratching at your skin and trying to knock the cannula out.  It would not do for you to try pulling out any of the tubing during your detox as you will not be sedated for the final detox treatment.
Days passed in a blur of feeding and caring for all seven pups, the girls needy and clingy, confused by the additional pups, Loki and the Nanny ensured that each pup had their turn with him, at night the girls refused to go back to the nursery and Tony found himself surrounded by his pups, a smile on his face in the quiet moments when all seven were asleep.
“Alpha Rogers we are pleased to announce that a vote was taken amongst the Elite Alphas board members and as a result Alpha Winters will be allowed to join as a member of the Elite Alphas and be able to attend meetings and social events as your Alpha partner.
Now though you are going to spend the night with the Captain, he has already taken the edge of his anger with Pepper but he still needs to punish you for  your part in his omega’s escape.”
Bucky’s return had been wonderful but incredibly stressful, Steve had been close to telling him about the assignment a few times but ultimately as much as he loved him there was always the small doubt that Hydra still had some control over him.  Winter had a deep-seated hatred of all things Hydra, his mission from JARVIS to watch over Tony and keep him safe evolved continuously, when Steve any finally informed him what was going on, it had been Winter that had prepped and coaxed Steve in to performing the more extreme punishments needed to convince the Elite Alphas that he was genuine in his support and approval of their goals.  Winter had been fully trained in the extreme use of sexual pleasure, torture, punishment and humiliation from his time in the Red Room.
Steve grabbed hold of Daisy’s left butt cheek, pulling until he could slide his cock in along side Winter’s, both Alphas grinned as they thrust in tandem, the feeling of their cocks rubbing against each other giving an extra thrill to the high of being able to penetrate their omega together.  Winter hooked two of his metal fingers in the top of her hole yanking upwards, tightening the width of the stretched ring and pushing their cocks closer together.  The previously discarded dildo was fed into the remaining small gap and set to gently vibrate.  Both Alphas picked up the pace, rock hard cocks fucking hard and fast, the dildo sending deep vibrations through the sensitive skin of their throbbing cocks.
“Well would you look at that, the meg’s hole is twitching and dripping slick, if that isn’t an invitation to fuck then l don’t know what you all are thinking, just standing and gawping at the tasty little bitch.”
“Aye good Captain, your little omega need just suck on Loki’s teats for a few minutes just as the pup’s head breeches so that they smell the milk and recognise their dam.
Steve cracked open a bottle of champagne for himself and Pepper once the Conservatorship papers were delivered, thoroughly satisfied that he now had complete authority over Tony and Stark Industries, Pepper would remain CEO but he had made the decision that he needed a way to control her in case she decided that once there was an heir he and Tony would not be needed.   He knew Pepper was ruthless and ambitious, dominant in both her professional and personal life, whilst that was acceptable to him for her work, in the bedroom he wanted a submissive bitch that knew her place.
“Stay still Sex Doll, one wrong move of your head and I will have to shave you bald.”
Tony woke and for the first time in days his head was clear, his body didn’t ache, his nipples whilst tender no longer throbbed and his omega pouch had receded leaving just the soft curve of his stomach.  Looking up he saw both his Alphas sitting on one of the sectional couches surrounding his nest watching him as he examined his body, his hole twitched when their eyes met, drops of slick beginning to leak out, he could fee the burn of arousal as his small cock twitched and plumped up, a definite sign that his body had reset itself, in readiness to be bred once more.
****************************************************************
He continued to insult and praise his sweetheart until tears were running down his face as he couldn’t get his cock to cum.
There was nothing to do but clean the dirty shack and milk BB each day, the cow produced enough milk for him to use for his oatmeal, he mixed her feed water and any last bit of milk at the end of the day.  The empty frame on the wall puzzled him, must have been a mirror at some stage, there was a tiny fragment of blue glass in the corner.
Steve couldn’t get enough of the sweet mewls and whimpers coming from his omega, dipping his hand in to the water he grasped Tony’s cock, it only took a few gentle tugs before Tony arched up, his cum splattering against his chest, soft cries muffled by Steve’s lips.
“Good bitch, now l think you have one more orgasm in you and l want to hear you scream your thanks for being blessed with so many orgasms from your Alpha.”
The young photographer happily used the money earned from the photograph to ensure his Aunt was able to afford to pay the mortgage arrears so they would not lose their home and he would be able to afford his first year of college tuition fees, little knowing that with a knock on his door two days later his life and that of his aunt’s would change forever.
Tony’s eyes widened in shock and disbelief as the burning agony disappeared to be replaced with a feeling of warmth and security. He could sense a strong presence in his mind sifting through his thoughts and feelings, yet another trait of a full Alpha bond. An Alpha would always have a general idea of what there omega was thinking or feeling, but in the Captain’s case he guessed that the super soldier serum had just enhanced all his Alpha abilities. His Captain had more control over the mental link to his omega and that could only cause more trouble for Tony.
It was only when he looked in the mirror that he realised how see through the dress was. His nipples were showing, and his satin knickers were clear for all to see along with the garters holding up his stockings.
Oh god this was so embarrassing, his fingers were practically being eaten by her pussy, her juices were coating his hand.
“Now look at the mess you have made, such a useless omega cannot even do the simplest thing without fucking it up.  Now we will have to start all over again.”
Steve and Winter locked eyes, they could smell the arousal pouring off their omega, their little bitch wanted to play. Leaning down he bit lightly against Tony’s bonding mark.
“ Right let’s get on with things, May you have no idea how pushy Hulk can be once he decides what he wants , so after I have done an internal ultrasound to see how thick the lining of your uterus is after your hormone treatment, we want an optimum thickness so that the embryos attach easily, then I am going to give you a cow girl clit and labia.  By removing your clitoral hood your sensitivity to stimulus will increase and with a hormone patch your sexual desire will be that of a young fertile omega.
"Tony that is quite enough of that filthy cussing, you will cease and stop with this hysterical screaming.  You are an omega this is what your body is made for there is no need for all these over the top dramatics and certainly no need for any drugs.  I have let you have your way this far but I am ordering you to proceed with more deportment, stop embarrassing yourself with this unsightly behaviour.”
Natasha watched the proceeding, taking note of all the familiar faces, cataloging the differences in these versions.  She wasn’t convinced that the Stark omega was their Tony, he would never have allowed himself to be trapped for this length of time without escaping.  Still they had an advantage now that they were his security detail, they would be able to talk to him and find out the truth.  She watched as Steve and the Captain painted the mewling bitch in their cum, it was a good thing that Steve had his beard and the distortion charm, as the pairs mannerisms and the way they held themselves and even the way they fucked were eerily similar.
Steve, watched as Tony tried to hold back the tears as guest came up to insult and berate Tony Pup for his deceitful and unlawful behaviour.  Telling him he deserved to be in the Communal Pound serving out his sentence and not the pampered pet of the Avengers.
Before Stark could sit he grabbed hold of his arm and dragged him from the room, luckily there was an empty office next door he kicked the door shut behind them engaging the look to ensure they would not be interrupted.
The Avengers watched the live feed on their large screen, as Winter fucked and knotted Tony Pup, laughing and placing bets on whether the breeding bitch’s water’s would break during this knotting.
“Now little man if that is what you want then I can make it happen, but first you need to play a little game with Uncle Edward.  Let’s get that playsuit off so I can see your soft little belly."
“BB, that’s what I am going to call you from now on, this is what is going to happen.  You will come to my bedroom tonight and l am going to pop your cherry and five you a dam good fucking. Doesn’t matter what you present as, you are mine now until I decide otherwise.
Natasha and he had argued over whether it was their Tony or the Stark Omega.  Steve was convinced it was Tony, but Natasha just couldn’t see any similarities other than facially and that was difficult with out his goatee and sharp cheek bones.   Finally they had decided that if the opportunity arose they would escape with him and take him back with them as well finding their own Tony, he might even be able to help them locate him if he wasn’t their omega.
The scan image disappeared to be replaced by a new one, Steve could see that although slightly different it still Tony’s.
How is Steve to blame? He rescued you and has done everything in his power to ensure that you received the best treatment.  He has taken on the role of caregiver as well as husband.  He has taken over all responsibility for Stark Industries and your welfare, Natasha has agreed to put her wants and needs on hold to take over from Pepper, who will be going on maternity leave and has proved that she cannot cope with being CEO on her own due to her weak slutty personality, that she kept hidden from everyone.  The other Avengers are also taking on roles withing the company so that you don’t need to be stressed and anxious and can concentrate on living the life-style that is most suited to yourself and your husband.
Winter snarled and tried to lunge at the man wielding the flaming brand, he was stopped short by the heavy chains attached to his wrist and ankles, and the metal yoke round his neck.
“After height reduction treatment has been successfully completed and a full set of body measurements taken you can decide if you still feel it necessary to go ahead with surgery or our other option to reduce further the size of his genitalia.
Steve cock rampant asked JARVIS to wake Tony and tell him he wanted him to present himself in the master bedroom straight away.
“Good, now Alpha Rogers if you would place your omega on the massage bed, I want you to stimulate him to near orgasm, with your omega showing how long he can remain silent and still, with no erection.  I am not expecting miracles as this takes many months of training for newly presented omegas, but the Registry needs to have a baseline to judge further inspections by.
He was so tired after the battle  with Thanos and even though they had eventually won and he had landed the killing blow before being thrown through the Portal, he knew that he would not be able to step back if he was some how able to return.  There was to much rebuilding and restructuring to be done, many of the returned people still had to be reintegrated back in to  society, found homes and jobs in a world that had moved on from the devastation of the Snap.
Steve and Winter smirked as Tony whined and shook as another orgasm rolled through him, their omega was a glutton for humiliation and punishment, the waves of omega pheromones rolling of Tony a testament to how he got off on the treatment meted out by his Alphas.
“Tony, we need to have a serious talk for a few minutes, then there are legal documents that will need your signature, after you can relax and see the rest of the Avengers who are desperate to see you.
Bucky watched as Stevie slept, the healers had worked their magic and his skin was clear of all cuts and bruises, now he had a beautiful, soft, fresh canvas to work on. He had cuffed his wrists in soft restraints over his head, he didn’t bother tying his ankles, his weight would be enough to keep him spread open.
“Mmmmmm, harder sweetie, come on just a little more.”
Pulling himself up onto his knees hampered by the spreader bar and the fact that his arms and legs were shaking so much proved to be a difficult feat, but eventually he managed it. Bowing his head cuffed wrists resting against his stomach as there was not enough chain to place them on his knees he waited for what his Alpha would no next.
Tony expected Steve to fuck him full of cum as usual before he fitted the newly designed one piece plug and wand but Steve surprised him by sliding in the now thicker wand and then pushing and twisting the plug up in to his ass.  Once situated he had JARVIS increase the size so both the wand and plug were locked in place.
I would suggest that whilst he is sleeping off the effects of his time in the Cradle you bring the babies down so they can scent bond again and latch on to his nipples to help stimulate his milk production, this will induce his nesting and breeding instincts along with awakening his need to bond to with his Alphas.
“Aww come on Steve, you can’t expect the poor little dumb omega to understand things straight away, especially our spoilt little bitch who was never taught even the basics of correct omega behaviour before you bonded with him.  Well that’s going to change now he has two Alphas to instil the correct behaviour expected of a proper omega!
Kneel up, eyes forward and take in the view of the perfect omega on display directly across from you.”
Bb was a drooling moaning mess when he got to the barn, he pulled off the hoses from her nipple cups, then took the leading reins and tied them round the base of her tits and then through her nose ring. He unbuckled her from the milking bench, making sure to hobble her ankles so she could only take small steps.
By end of afternoon visiting hours all the cake had been consumed along with the smoothies and sandwiches Natasha has also packed, distracted by Clint’s antics, Bruce’s science talk and Thor’s Asgardian tales Tony had unconsciously consumed more food the he usually ate in a week. Natasha’s small satisfied smile as she brushed the crumbs from the corner of his mouth filled him with warmth, leaning in to her touch he quietly whispered thank you.
Now what is it going to be, you must be uncomfortably full, wouldn’t it be such a relief to let go and relax, kneel in comfort whilst we eat breakfast.  If I have to replace the urethral sound you will not get another chance to pee until tonight.
He could admit that pregnancy enhanced her beauty, her full breasts and wide hips framing the soft swell of her pregnant belly, skin glowing with health, eyes bright and alert, demurely lowered to acknowledge his ownership over her.
“Don’t ever get the idea we don’t know exactly what you are thinking or going to do.  You are mine and the Wolf’s, we own you and you will be a good submissive Cyka or you will be punished repeatedly until you behave in the correct way!”
Winter was such a tease, their poor little bitch had been so doped up on Alpha pheromones and cum during the interview and filming, he had been putty in his Alphas hands, eager to do and say anything for another fix of his Alphas cum, to be fucked and allowed an orgasm.
“Mmmmm mmmuhh, ….. mmmmmuh, ………….Uhhhhhngh.”
“Stay put, or else you will get punished, Stan would love the chance to paddle your backside.  He’s a kinky fucker just like your husband, now here’s some water and crackers.”
“Come for me now!”
4.	So many omegas hate gaining weight during pregnancy which is why we initiated the rule that you will be allowed to only feed yourself snacks and drinks, all your main meals supervised to ensure that you eat and will be fed to you by your Alphas.  If we are away on a mission, we will designate a feeder.
The President moved closer under the pretext of passing her drink to her, watching as she drank it back in a few gulps.
Still a little unsteady he leaned against Steve.
It took Bruce three months to coerce Steve in to letting him take control and fuck him.  The New Avengers had been needed all over the world to help restore order and government.  Captain America and his omega were the epitome of the new strict Alpha/omega Societally structure and were in great demand to attend many functions that promoted the new order.
Be a good omega and tell me everything and l will take off your cage an let you come.”
Bucky knew he had won when Steve grabbed hold of his head and started to thrust in to his open mouth, Bucky took it without complaint, submitting to Steve swallowing down the thick cum as it spurted into his mouth.  Large hands pulled him up spinning him round until he was pushed face first against the glass doors.  Cold air hit his backside as his trousers were yanked down and two fingers pushed roughly in to his asshole, having already prepped himself the burn was not as bad as it could have been.
Tony was starting to believe that Stella was in fact an escaped patient from the psychiatric ward pretending to be a nurse, and what the hell was an ‘O’ boy? And why did she seem to think he was one. Panic began to set in as his skin started to tingle and heat, his heart rate quickened and try as he might he couldn’t find his voice to shout out for help, tears spilled down his cheeks and a sob escaped.
Stomach rumbling with hunger once again he sucked down the cum shake but it was getting to be a poor excuse for the real thing.  The supplementary omega meal replacements and shake only now took the edge of his hunger and craving for his Alphas cum.  The doctors had informed Steve and Winter that no more than 10 days of separation was medically advisable during the early stages of his pregnancy and definitely no more than 2 days after the three month mark.
The night was the worst he had place the old arm chair in the door of the bedroom so he had a clear view of the omega, he covered him with a blanket and told him to get some sleep, the exhausted omega has soon fallen asleep but constantly kicked the cover off as he moaned and moved around in his sleep.  Eventually he gave up replacing it and just did his best not to stare and the beautiful sight of the pregnant omega writhing and jerking his hips, he could only imagine what Stark was dreaming of, he found himself jerking off a number of times to relieve the painful ache in his groin at the sight if Stark’s naked sex on display, he couldn’t help the fascination he felt for the smooth area of skin where his cock should have been.
Since that time Bruce had spent a great deal of time guiding Steve into more ‘submissive role play scenes’ on the pretence that he was offering his experience, so Steve could then dominate Tony and understand how his omega should be reacting.
Steve stepped out of the lift with Bucky looking around for Tony it was time to celebrate, Bucky had been cleared by Shield’s doctors, he had finished debriefing Fury and Coulson about his time as the Winter Soldier and all that he could remember about Hydra and their hidden bases.  He could now start training as an Avenger and take his place alongside Steve out in the field.  Steve was ecstatic, he had Bucky his best friend and mate and an omega that they were both bonded to, who was heavy with his pups. Steve hated that Bucky had been made to relive all the horrors that had been inflicted on him during his time with Hydra, made to retell all the missions he had undertaken and spend hours going over maps to show all the hidden Hydra Bases he could remember until Fury and Coulson had been satisfied.
Steve carried a sobbing Tony back to his nursery, his poor distressed baby clinging tightly to him, tear stained face resting on his shoulder. The increasing intensity of the conditioning therapy sessions were hard on his little one, but the results were proving them to be worthwhile.
Weeks passed with Tony becoming increasingly more comfortable easing from one headspace to the other, Steve rarely had to take him down or discipline him for bad behavior.
Chapter 20
He rubs against the swollen sheath of skin, hiding their omega’s cock, the constant friction has the skin retracting and a tiny cock pops out, no more than a inch and a half in length, the flushed head leaking tiny drops of clear cum.
“Right, let’s get the new cow in its stall, opposite four titters. Good day for this one to be in the barn, it will get to see four titters being bred, might be a bit old in human terms but with a tweak here and there from our healer and we will now have another forty years of milk and calves.”
The stud was collared and chained, he wasn’t much to look at, but his cock was huge, his balls hanging low and full.  Peter felt his pussy clench at the thought of being fucked by that monster.
Bruce and Clint soon returned with drinks and bowls of snacks for everyone.  Tony slid to his knees beside Steve, aware of the plug shifting as he settled.
“You do not want to do that Ms Potts, you would not like the consequences.
Sorry to all those who didn't want Peter to be an Omega, but I just couldn't help myself, evil person that I am :)
That’s not to say she doesn’t care or want you to be content with your position but just don’t expect a great love story to develop.  There are a lot of SI omegas who still pine for her even after she has discarded them and passed them on to other Alphas in the Company.  You are in a better position as she has already mentioned that you would be a suitable secondary omega to Happy.
“Quiet baby boy, Daddy is playing with your boy cunt, you need to behave for Daddy or else you will get a spanking, do you remember what will happen if you disobey me?
Tony tried his best to sit still as Steve talked to the reporter, but the continuous slow vibrations from the plug on his ass had him shifting minutely form cheek to cheek.  He zoned out for a while when omega balls started to pulse as well, He could only hope that the camera was pointed more a Steve than him as he could feel the dampness seeping through his trousers
The pups, hunger finally satisfied, crawled off to play giving him a few moments respite before the babies woke.  He struggled to his feet, cradling his belly, hands feeling tiny feet kicking him from inside.  They were due any day now, two more pups to join their six brothers and sisters.  His days and nights were filled with feeding and caring for the pups in between Winter and Wolf fucking and knotting  him.
“Yes, after we have eaten.  The bitch needs a rest after this morning and l may have used her a little to hard just now, so l will allow Tony this time to recover.”
Omega you should know better I will punish you for your disobedience later, now feed the pups, show all my fellow avengers what a good mother you are and let them see how your fat udders are full of more than enough milk to feed our pups.”
Happy could see that Pepper was about to bolt, he grabbed hold of her head and forced her to take all his cock as he carried on pissing down her throat.
Sorry it has been so long but hopefully this will make up for it.  Cannot promise when next update will be, am starting full time work in a couple of weeks so will have to see how it goes.
Drying off his still docile omega he carried him through to the nursery and placed him naked on the soft covers.  Bruce quickly checked his pulse and blood pressure before getting Steve to part his legs so he could check for any further damage to the omega’s cock and piercing, thankfully the cut was not deep and the piercing had held and not torn the stubby cock head.
“Master Bjorn, he is a neat perfect Stud, his cock has remained hard, and his balls are beginning to fill with cum.  I have added another weight to his scrotum, within two weeks maximum stretch will be obtained and then we can concentrate on enlarging his balls further to maximise his cum production.
Now l want you to watch as l mete out your punishment, this first part is immediate bit the second will happen over the next two days.”
“No Tony I don’t have to do anything, as your Alpha I can do what I want you have no rights at all to make any demands. I can fuck you through your whole heat without letting you come if I want. Breeding you is not dependant on you getting off.
“Well now that is all sorted come along let us begin, into the changing room and disrobe to your lingerie l need to see what l have to work with.”
Steve pushed the soapy sponge into Tony’s mouth, not wanting to hear any more of his hateful words.  It took less than a moment to rip a strip from the hand towel to make a gag to secure the sponge.  Using more of his strength than normal he yanked Tony from the bath and swaddled him in a thick bath towel, containing his flailing limbs.  Once back in the nursery he paddled his naughty boy’s behind until it was cherry red, and his muffled screams had turned into sobs and garbled pleas for him to stop.
Now come open those pretty lips and suck me, I want you to take my knot and hold my cock in your throat as I paint your inside with my seed.”
I know this bonding could be problematic for you Alpha Rogers as the Dominant Alpha, but you need to put aside your possessive and aggressive attitude and do what is right for your bonded and your pups.
The final change is hidden by his pregnancy bump and not one he really wants to look at but his ever, helpful Alpha holds a small hand mirror angled so that he can view what remains of his manhood.  His cock had been of average size for an omega and he had never had any complaints from the men and women he had slept with.
Down in his workshop he greeted the bots before having Jarvis crank up his music, climbing up onto his stool, legs dangling, feet nowhere near the ground he soon he lost himself in the new coding needed for the upgrade.   Jarvis would shut off all the systems when it was time for him to get ready for his Alphas.
Now I think it is time to remind a certain omega of his duties, once we return the Captain is not going to let him out of his sight for a long time.”
Back to the Captain's World.
“Omega go dance and entertain General Ross, then let him introduce you to his colleagues.
His pained and pathetic whimpering gained not one bit of sympathy from the elite of society who watched as the last remnants of Anthony Edward Stark disappeared and all that remained was Tony Pup, mate and breeding bitch to the Winter Wolf.
Steve and Bruce were waiting at the Compound’s entrance when Natasha and Pepper came through to pick up the limo.
For hours he does nothing but fuck and knot his bonded, waiting for that moment when the last part of the bond snaps into place and his little alpha’s body begins the final change.  He is aware enough to ensure he makes Tony drink water and eat some snacks but at no time does he release him off his knot, no matter how much Tony begs and pleads.
The Replacement Omega
Steve laughed and carried on dressing Tony, regardless of his continued protests over having to wear a diaper.  After snapping closed the crotch of the baby vest, he slipped Tony’s arms and legs in to a soft blue onesie, covered with mini Captain America shields.  The mittens were made to look like his gloves and the hood was a darker blue with wings on the sides, just like his cowl.
I am loving the CACW stories where Tony is not taking shit from Steve or the other Avengers and Tony/T'Challa is now my favourite pairing.
Remember that his first heat will only occur when his body weight is at healthy level, currently he weighs 56 kgs, the ideal weight for an omega of his height of 5ft 5 inches and age is 85 kgs pre- first heat/pregnancy, of course the omega’s Alpha and pack members have final veto on what they consider the ideal weight for their omega. Omega Stark will need a high level of guidance and supervision, he had no previous knowledge of his omega biology, so it will be a difficult transition for him, you cannot just wipe out 37 years of unhealthy behaviours over- night.
Steve was shocked by Tony’s outburst, surely that could not be what Tony thought of Omegas.
“What say you Sira, need a new apprentice?”
“It is made of vibranium and will replace the clear cover of your arc reactor for tonight. It will hide the reactor from view and stop anyone who may wish to harm you from gaining access to it.”
Reaching down he ran his hands over the soft skin, pulling apart his cheeks so that he could lick at the sweet nectar, the bitch’s low moan as he sucked on the tight ring, went straight to his cock.  Rolling his tongue he stabbed straight in, fucking the bitch as he pinched hard on both cheeks, satisfied when his omega began to rock back on his tongue, needy whines delighting his hearing as he stabbed at his prostrate.
“Baby let go of my neck, l am going to make you scream in ecstasy and pain, give you what you need.”
“Come on sweetheart, let’s hear the doctor’s report and then I think you deserve a treat, how about lunch at Milo’s?  It caters exclusively for Alphas and their omegas I can’t wait to show those other Alphas how beautiful you are.”
Bruce smiles as he watches Pepper quickly glance behind her, just incase Steve appears and hears her bad mouthing him.  It looks as if the injections are working but he needs to give her a dose of the combined serum today, the omega hormones are not enough to keep her mailable to the point she will fully submit and accept Steve and the Pack as superior Alphas.
“Betty, what is going on, your flight should not have got in until tomorrow morning?”
You will do it as Pepper Potts-Hogan and then ‘Sex Doll’ is going to star in a private film just for my viewing pleasure and that of the Avengers.”
“Stay still Jella, you don’t get to fight me, you are my omega.”
Steve felt his knot swell and lock in place cum flooding once again up into his omega’s breeding hole, the ring of flesh clamping around his cock head milking every drop and sealing it within.  Tony’s cock pulsed again and squirted another small load of cum.
Pepper took back the contracts replacing them in her briefcase; one piece of paper was left on the table in front of her.
His greedy little alphas crawled over and latched on for a few minutes of milk and cuddles.  They seemed to sense that their omega mamma didn’t have as much milk as their milk cow and soon crawled over to May to finish feeding.  The girls were happy to listen to him read as the omega boys suckled, little Maria toddling off to fetch clean diapers and muslins so he could change them.  He could tell already that she would be the caretaker of the omega babies, no doubt at some stage her Alpha siblings would challenge each other for leadership of their little nursery pack.
“Sorry Steve, my thighs were rubbing on your uniform and the shield is really heavy.”
“Not me Steve, Howard used to say things all the time when I was growing up, even worse than that after my accident, makes sense now, Fuck! He must have gone off the rails when I tested as an Omega, he must have really hated me to do what he did.”
“Mmmmmmm,  so good, ooooh, going to milk your titties all day!
Stevie is right, natural birth was good enough for my Ma and his so this pampered spoilt little omega bitch can just learn to deal with it.”
Steve meanwhile had swapped the spider gag for a penis gag with a feeding tube. Picking up the first bottle of cum shake he attached it to the gag and began to pump it slowly down the feeding tube, grabbing hold of Tony’s hair after he tried to turn his face away he paid no attention to the silent pleading of his omega.
Tony began to rock on Winter’s fingers, kneeling up straddling his thighs so he could take more of the metal fingers he had created into his pussy. He could feel his muscles clenching, trying to hold tight to those clever fingers that were heating up his insides.
Terrified at the thought of losing Steve and his Daddy, Tony pushed through his little headspace, to swallow down the Judge’s cock, tongue lathing the veined underside. Trapped by the Judge’s hands he could do nothing but choke and gurgle as his mouth and throat were flooded with bitter tasting cum.
Jarvis took his time to inform Ms Potts and the board members that the elevator would be ready to take them to the boardroom level if they cared to wait by the doors.  He suspected that the sight of her dishevelled and sexed up omega would cause the board meeting to begin even later.
“You are my omega and as such you will do as I say, you will eat now and you will finish it all. You have already earned a punishment for your bad behaviour do not add to it by disobeying me further you will not like the consequences, do you understand?”
Tony curled in on himself with each harsh word Pepper uttered there was no denying that she was speaking the truth, he had always done everything and anything he wanted making life difficult for her.  He had no interest in running the company other than R&D, Pepper had been his assistant first and then after Afghanistan and Obi’s betrayal she had taken on the role of Guardian Alpha so that he could keep the Company and have his freedom until he bonded and his own Alpha could take on the responsibilities of the mess that was Omega Tony Stark.
Three days later the British Press when wild at the sight of the Prime Minister’s transformed omega as she meekly followed behind him through arrivals at Heathrow Airport.
Alpha Winter’s will be offered a seat on the board once his probationary period has been completed, we are aware of the unmeasurable insight and information he has been able to provide on the workings of Hydra and its Agents.
Steve sighed against Tony’s neck his breath ghosting over the brand by his ear.
Lunch with Rhodey and Pepper is fun, they both seem to like Steve and don’t show any displeasure at Steve’s constant attentive behaviour towards him.  Maybe there is a chance they will accept their Alpha/Alpha relationship.  He is content to wait in his workshop for Steve to run an errand after their lunch with his best friends.
“Baby, you are to vulnerable to go out on your own, there are a lot of nasty people who could take you and do horrible things to hurt you.  No, you will always go with me or one of the other Avengers that is non -negotiable especially after what happened at the Gala.
Pepper after seeing Peter decided that she would leave him with Bruce until he healed, she didn’t want Happy to be distracted with looking after the mewling bitch and this way Bruce could ensure the omega was properly monitored and medicated.  Once the babies were born she would need to decide if she wanted to keep Peter as her omega or pass him off to another Alpha.
Torture.
His whole body is on fire overloaded with stimulation, pain, heat, arousal all mingle together and he can hear himself begging and crying for release offering to do anything they want if they will just let him come.  He hates that no one will answer him that his is the only one with no control, he spits out words of abuse, vicious and mean in his need to hurt to get some kind or reaction from his tormentors, but nothing works.
“Well I suppose that would be one option, but he could probably still stick it in something if he tried hard enough.  Why don’t you dock it down to an inch or so, make it in to a fat juicy clit to match his pussy, he was born to be a breeding bitch no need to keep his cock as he only needs a hole to piss through.”
Steve grinned as Tony’s little cock dribbled a few drops of clear cum over his fingers, he loved how embarrassed  and turned on his baby was, the rosy cheeks and the lowered eyes.
Chapter 42
He tugged on her nipples a few times to get her milk going before he fitted the suction cups, there wasn’t much but at least she hadn’t dried up completely.
He needed a distraction, something to spend his pent up anger and sexual tension on.  Picking up his phone he called Happy;
Once the interview had finished, Steve and Winter had wasted no time in stripping off the skimpy shift, forcing him to kneel facing the back of the sofa so that they could simultaneously fuck his mouth and ass, swapping ends every time they orgasmed, encouraging each other on to see who could have the most orgasms.
Pepper led the Judge away aware that all Steve wanted was to go and check on Tony.
“Now doll, let’s get you leashed so that we can join the others and make our way to the Gala, it won’t do to keep the President waiting, no matter how much I want to bend you over and wreck your pretty little cunt.
“Shhh omega, just lay still and let us hold them, you are tired and sore and in need of feeding yourself.  Maria has already suckled and is sleeping, these little ones will soon join her soon, such a good omega bitch to have birthed perfect pups.”
I want my consort to be beautiful, intelligent, subservient and most importantly fertile.”
“Oh, my goodness, don’t you just look so cute and delightful Peter, and your bump is really showing now.  Happy you must tell me where you got those adorable patent baby t -bar shoes, the little white ankle socks just complete the outfit.
Also, I have been quietly buying up all shares that have been sold since the announcement that Tony is an omega. Three of the board members have taken early retirement in exchange for SI buying back their shares at premium rate along with a healthy retirement package.
Steve stood and circled Pepper, sniffing her neck, pleased that she tipped her head so that he could lick her pack bites. Her scent was slightly off, still not 100% Pack, she was fighting the bond and not attempting to hide her anger at Natasha for today.
Tony groaned at each movement hands clutching his distended stomach shocked at the size of the bloated mound of flesh.  Steve watched as his omega tried to sit up to get a better look, falling back as a wave of sickness rolled over him.
Steve gave into the impulse to cup, the barely there, breasts, running his thumbs over the tiny nubs, licking his lips at they hardened immediately, a small moan had him tweaking each nipple again, fingers pinching and kneading the soft flesh.  Each soft moan causing his cock to harden further at the responsiveness of their omega’s new body.
Hulk fondled May cow’s cum inflated belly, feeling his still hard cock discharging even more cum, stretching the pale skin even tighter. He flicked her swollen clit to wake her up, wanting her to see her fear filled eyes once more before he retreated, and Banner took charge once again.
“Come on Stevie, there is a prize of $50, we could pay the rent, buy food and get your medicine and still have some spare.
Finally, the bowl was empty but that was not the end a glass full of thick creamy liquid with a straw appeared in front of his mouth.  Steve’s fingers nudged the straw between his lips motioning for him to start sucking.
“Fuck, Sweetheart you really scared us, if it wasn’t for your sub dermal tracker, we may never have found you.  What the hell were you think, going off on your own?  You know that is one of the rules you are never supposed to disobey.”
Chapter 11
After fitting Tony’s plug back in to his ass hole Steve sank his cock deep inside his omega’s cunt, he loved that word it sounded so dirty especially when Tony said it with a flush of embarrassment and lust painting his cheeks.  Fondling milk swollen tits he buried his face in Tony’s curls just taking in the sweet smell of his pregnant omega.
Stark proved easy to manipulate and control, either by fucking him into blissed out incoherence or giving him the patented Captain America look of disapproval and disappointment whenever he became too independent of thought. Marriage had been proposed, children had been discussed, with Pepper offering to be a surrogate for them.  Stark had accepted  and had been in the process of having his Will rewritten to make Steve and any children they may have the sole beneficiaries, he had also agreed that the Avengers Funding should be addressed, but  the accident had happened before it could be finalized, so they were all in a very precarious position if he died of his injuries.
I must warn you that this is extremely painful for the pet as its body matures at a greatly exaggerated rate along with the rut or heat, your pet will need constant sexual stimulation during this period.”
Something settles within him as he straddles Steve’s thighs and drops down on to his erect cock.  This is his place now, here servicing his Alpha, his holes constantly filled with cum that will ensure his womb matures so Steve can impregnate him with many babies.
Not wanting to be bothered with her screeching he injected her with a mild sedative and gagged her.
“Language Tony!”
The Wolf finally free to take what was his wasted no time in flipping his bitch over and breeching her cunt with one violent thrust. One hand pinning his cyka’s neck as the other roughly held on to her hip, fingers leaving purple bruises as he set a brutal pace.  The drag of his cock back and forth had his bitch howling in pain as her tight cunt refused to loosen, he didn’t care, he relished hearing the mewling quim’s pleas and howls for him to cease.  The scent of fear changed slowly to that of arousal filling his nostrils, as gradually his cock aided by the river of slick started to glide in and out with a smoother motion. He still kept his brutal pace, hitting her cervix with each thrust, rubbing against her pleasure nub whenever he felt his breeder howled particularly loud for him.
This is how you show your complete submission as a traditional omega to your Alpha, only when l have bitten your second bonding gland will you be allowed to come and that will be from your cunt, whilst your cock remains soft and small.”
Minutes passed, Pepper was uncomfortable, and her nipples ached, it was just too weird, hell she didn’t even want to feed the brats when they were born, let alone bloody Tony.
Tony found he just couldn’t resist the hope and want he could see on Steve’s face.  He could do this, be what Steve wanted, it would mean he had a family and security.  Steve would never do anything to hurt him or Sarah.
Ripped pieces of tissue floated to the floor as he jumped up and started pacing, he was getting so confused, why would Steve believe he had enticed Ty last night, he needed to make Steve believe him, trust him, that he would never do such a thing.
After deep throating her until she nearly passed out, he took to sliding his cock out to sit on her lips, before slamming it backdown her throat time after time until she was coughing and spluttering as his spunk filled her mouth, unable to keep swallowing the huge amount pumping out of his cockhead.  Spraying his final load over her face and breasts he walked out of the room, leaving the door open for the lab technician to pass through, nodding to the forming que of medical staff waiting for their turn to break in the sex doll and ensure by the end of the session that her gag reflex would be totally destroyed.
“Come sit with me Pepper, I am sure Clint won’t mind eating out your pussy whilst we have dinner and then you can return the favour for dessert.”
Saturday found the Avengers gathered in the penthouse lounge watching as Tony took his time exploring Loki’s heavily pregnant body, licking, pinching, biting, scratching until she was a screaming, writhing mess.  Only when she was crying ice cold tears did Sira allow Tony to start playing with her piercings, instructing him on the best ways to torment and arouse the Jotun breeder.
“Tony would you like a drink and a snack whilst we wait for the pizza to be delivered?”
Alpha was still punishing him by keeping him hooded and sightless when out of their suite. He was ban from teaching the pups, which was the biggest blow as the hybrids were fascinating and seemed to respond well to him, not threatened by him being an omega.
Natasha makes quick work of disabling the trackers on the SUV and they discard all their Stark Industry clothing and weapons. It takes her some time to breakthrough all the security on the omega crate and remove Stark.  He is a cuffed, and muzzled,  with cruel clamps on his nipples and pussy, Steve wants to remove them straight away but time is of the essence, they need to get away to the safe house.  He settles for wrapping the omega on a blanket and holding him tight as Natasha drives them away from the warehouse district where they had hidden the car they had purchased.
The nurse came back and wheeled the baby out into the adjoining room so that he could have some private time with Tony.  Stripping off his sweatpants he pulled back the sheet to take in Tony’s slumbering body, he was naked apart for a pair of small cotton briefs. Climbing in beside him he lay on his side, studying the small changes caused by the birth to the omega’s body.
“Mr President, thank you for inviting us to this gala, please let me introduce Master Sira of Jotun, she is my Steward and Advisor.  She is also an expert in Jotun body slave training and breeding, her knowledge will easily translate into the proper training and caring of all omegas.
We look in on what is happening to Darcy at the hands of her Alpha, the president of USA.
Steve and the Doctor discuss how Tony has responded to treatment so far.
“See my Prince, such a pathetic little nub, do you want me to ring this and stretch it? Jotun breeder slaves have their clits enlarged and stretched so that they can be pulled through their cunt rings and locked away.
When the edition of Vanity Fair hit the stands with the photo shoot of Tony stark Rogers, it sold out immediately and the publishers did the unthinkable and ordered a second printing as the outcry for the magazine was so loud.
In the morning he dressed in all the layers of lingerie that were in the chest, all the stockings and then stepped into the slippers. Taking one of the cotton sheets he wrapped up the silk one, the sewing kit and his cream in it, making a sling to go over his shoulder.  The other cotton sheet he wrapped around himself for protection.
Tony holds on to Steve’s thighs as he chases his Alpha’s cock head, frantic with the need to feed his craving, precum was a tasty appetizer but only Steve’s thick creamy cum could satisfy his hunger.  Finally, Steve pushes into his wide open mouth, Tony wastes no time closing his lips around the thick length swallowing it down, tongue working the underside as Steve pushes his cock down deep into his omega’s throat.
You will have in unrestricted view, but there will also been screens on every wall and table for your to view.
“Winter and I will escort Tony to the vault along with Dr Banner tomorrow. Even though I dislike the idea of our omega being away from the pups and the security of the tower, this is to important to leave until after the birth.”
Come back after milking, by then your cunt will be burning up, you can warm my cock, Odin has no need for you on the Palace tonight.”
Chapter 5
“ Ladies and Gentlemen we now come to the main event of the evening, one l am sure that you have all been eagerly anticipating.
Natasha felt her pussy clench and her cock unsheathe as Tony’s pink tongue licked his kiss swollen lips. Bruce sitting by her side could feel the Hulk begin to rumble and mutter about the pretty little omega’s tasty slick, his own cock remained soft as his tastes ran towards dainty female omegas.
Steve joined in, both alphas fucking their omega as he lay trapped between their bodies, the wanton sounds pouring from his lips has as their knots caught, locking them all together had Steve and Winter flooding his holes with thick creamy cum as they shot load after load.
I will have to decide on a secondary Alpha to look after you if I am away on solo missions. I cannot leave you unsupervised you will only fall into bad habits. No one wants an unruly mouthy omega bonded or not.”
9.	You are a bonded and bred omega and therefore have given yourself fully in to the hands of your Alphas’, you must look to them always for permission, guidance and correction.
Natasha had been right, days later he was still reeling from the sheer power and anger rolling of the Alpha.  He could not believe that Steve had not stopped the rescue mission when he realised that Tony was bonded and pregnant, he had definitely lost a lot of respect for Steve and Natasha. There was no excuse for forcibly separating a bonded pair and he would work with Professor Hulk to find a way to align their worlds and stabilise a portal so Tony and the pup could be reunited with their true Alpha.
Odin unlocked the cage, taking both Loki’s cock and clit in hand, he tugged and squeezed the two appendages until Loki was screaming and begging for him to stop. His knot having reduced he began to thrust deep and hard whilst continuing to torture the screaming omega’s genitals.
He should have known that the bastard would trick him, the first time he orgasmed and peed after the removal of his cock, Steve has laughed and repeatedly slapped his sex whilst pressing down painfully on the tiny bundle of nerves that were all that remained of his cock. Tony has sobbed and screamed as his thighs dripped with piss and pussy juice.  Even now he could remember exactly what Steve had said.
I would like to start him on a course of injections that will stimulate the growth of good fatty tissue, this along with the feeding programme Dr Banner has designed should see him he attain a healthy weight rapidly, then any gain after that will be a bonus.  These serum enhanced pups are going to need a lot of nutrients to allow then to develop and grow at the accelerated rate I believe is happening.
Tony found himself roughly shoved onto the floor Steve’ hand gripping a handful of his hair as he shook him hard, the tie of his boot pressing painfully against his caged cock.
The Captain watched as Bruce tended to the bastard’s injuries, it had been a near thing what with his internal injuries and blood loss.
“This is where omega whores are meant to be Stark, on their backs servicing their Alpha and their pack.  Look at you, panting and writhing under me, you are just gagging for it omega bitch!  Going to cover you in cum and lick your sweet slick.  You will never escape from your Alpha or the pack, we will always know where to find you after this.”
“Good afternoon, now what have you deduced from Loki and Strange’s tests and examinations?”
He screams out his frustration and anger until there is nothing left, his body slumps down on to the soft cushions, hands mouths and teeth follow continuing their ministrations working his body once more into a fever pitch of need once more.
Cho was quick to reply to Steve’s question. “Captain Rogers, the need to use of the Cradle to heal his extensive injuries combined with a dose of the modified extremis serum could be put forth as an explanation for his younger appearance and the full body scans involved in the initial assessment of his injuries revealed his omega status.”
Steve took a few minutes to toy with Tony, taking his lips in a hard kiss, pinching his nipples and pressing his fingers on the back of his neck to send waves of calming omega pheromones through Tony’s body.
A whimpering sound from the floor in front of her bought her up short, eyes finally moving from her work to set upon the cherry red naked ass of the former owner of Stark Industries.
Steve meets with the rest of the Avengers to let them know that Tony and he will be unavailable for the next 48 hours, Clint scowls as he hands over $100 to Natasha.  The all congratulate him and want to see Tony after they have returned.
Towards midnight the Bio Frost lit up, thunder and lightning rolling along its length as Thor and the warriors appeared, carrying two limp bodies.  The healers ran forward to take into the next chamber as Odin stepped back and Thor took his place.
2.	You must never go outside without my permission or an escort.
Needless to say Tony will not be getting any Christmas Dinner.
“Steve, let Nat bring it tomorrow, there is no need to eat any more food today.  I am totally stuffed and could not possibly eat another thing.  One meal like that a day along with breakfast is more than sufficient calorie intake to put on enough weight so that I can go home.
Placing Tony on his knees he cuffed his hands together behind his back and attached the chain hanging from the back of Tony’s collar to the cuffs.
“I want out of this bed, these stupid pyjamas and this ridiculous diaper.  I am not going to play this game anymore, Let Me Out NOW!” he screamed.
“FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!” he screamed.
Steve strode into the main lobby of the Tower, acknowledging the bowed heads of all the senior staff as he entered.  He stopped in the center of the lobby by the raised dais, holding a punishment bench.  He took note of the staff who seemed uncomfortable or angry at its appearance.  He would have Happy look into their backgrounds, there was no room for dissent to the new working practices he was introducing, well not new but certainly to some considered traditional and outdated.
“ Wake up time Tony, we need to finish preparing you for your big night.  I think another deep cleansing inside and out, a good rub down with some special cream the vet has had made especially for you and then Natasha is going to do your hair and makeup and then l will get you dressed.”
“Pepper definitely has a version of extremis still active within her, she should not have been able to recover so quickly from this afternoon’s activities and she should not be able to resist your Alpha voice, did you see how she struggled to bare her neck to you.
With Steve, he couldn’t always warrant giving him an injection or taking blood, so he developed a slow, release patch that dampened alpha rage and dominance hormones and also contained an enhanced version of the same serum he had given his Pepper. It had an effect which built over time, but the super soldier serum was continuously attacking it.  He had even dowsed the Alpha with a huge dose of Misty memory, so that he could play with Tony in a far more sadistic way than Steve would ever contemplate.
“Sweetheart, because you have been such an obedient omega for me today, I am going to allow you the rest of the afternoon in your lab, Friday will keep an eye on you, and you will wear your chastity belt and the clothes that l have laid out.”
Loki paid no attention to the whining little bitch, smirking he lowered his body temperature further, blowing puffs of cold air over each fat nipple until they hardened, jutting out inches from each heavy breast.
“Pepper for your dessert I want you to suck off Thor, Clint, Bruce and myself.  The you will eat out Natasha whilst coffee is served.  You have forty minutes, if you do not complete your full set of desserts then you will face what ever punishment Natasha metes out.”
Tony hadn’t thought he would want to eat anything after his nightmare dinner, but when presented with a plate of Krispy Kreme donuts and a large mug of cocoa with whipped cream and marshmallows he found himself eagerly opening his mouth for each bite of sugary goodness.
“My perfect omega, l will love you forever.”
"Fuck! Fuck and double fuck!  Fucking Alpha Bastard, might have guessed he would be as devious and perverted as Rogers.  Not going to give the bastard the satisfaction of seeing me crawl.”
The mirror issue was picked up quickly by his Alpha, Steve had been surprisingly sympathetic and understanding.  He had spoken about his own issues with his pre serum body and post serum body, how even now he caught himself looking for small Steve in the mirror, though his body was now physically perfect and healthy he worried that he would been seen as less that human and at times missed being the little alpha that nobody expected anything from, even though he had shown his mettle, training as a Traditional Alpha.
“Awww, poor little Natty, it’s such a shame you can’t see the final transformation.  In a moment the suite will lock in place and from now on you will never know any thing but the suit.  The technology is beyond anything available on the market today.  That is the one thing you can say about Stark, he was a genius in the advancement of nano technology.
Once back in the nursery he quickly divested Tony of his sodden diaper, ensuring to praise him for filling it without being forced.  The blush on his little one’s face was too cute for words.
The Vet waited a few minutes until the roar of the quin jet’s engines faded, certain that he was now alone he stared down at the frightened pet a chilled smile on his lips.
I love you Steve please, please help me..
“Steve, l think that the best way forward if you still want her to be useful is to give her a first injection using the 30/70 ratio.  This will nullify extremis, but also dampen her Alpha neurotransmitters, l will not be able to determine the level of adjustment until she has been tested  over a period of time, but if the result is not within the range needed l can give her another injection with a higher ratio.
“Yeah, and you can thank me and Thor for the healthy Spinach and Kale iced tea you can have with your meal.”
“Now Tony don’t start the day off with a punishment, if you don’t do as I have ordered you will earn another paddling on top of your usual morning discipline.  If that is not enough to get you to pee I have another punishment that you will hate even more and be an even greater blow to your stubborn pride!
Karl, bring the Stud over, Milk Brat is going to be bred straight away, for the first breeding the Stud can fuck her any way he wants as a reward for good behaviour.”
Aaaahhhh that’s it omega, such a good fuck hole for your Alpha!”
He had cried a tears of anger also on seeing the reduced state of his aunt, her shorn head and gagged mouth held high by a thick leather collar, he could see her frantically swallowing the thick gunk being pumped into her mouth, tears streaming down her face.  He’d tried desperately not to stare her naked body and rapidly enlarging breasts, but each time he closed is eyes there would be a painful shock to his body,  Bruce had warned him that he was not to be allowed to sleep or close his eyes, that he had to watch his aunt’s transformation  as a punishment for his selfishness and un-omega behaviour.
“But Tony, you are smaller and weaker because of your own actions, you were the one who wrecked your body with drink and drugs, you went to an unlicensed clinic an took part in experimental treatment.
“Might have guessed that you have never given head before, always got some poor sucker to go down on you I bet, too dominant of a bitch to reciprocate.  I will have to get my sweet baby boy to show you how its done properly, his mouth is pure sin.”
Steve smirked as he helped the trembling alpha into the bathroom, stripping her down and pushing her into the shower.
Still all she had to do was get to her office then she could shower and change, before getting down to business, today was just a necessary step in order for her to secure her position, it would be forgotten once she got rid of any one who had seen her walk of shame.  There would be time to get her revenge on the Board and the Avengers, she could feel the warmth pulsing through her as her anger surfaced.
You will return tonight in time for this Gala you have spoken about and show to the elite of Midgard that Loki is no longer favoured by Asgard and is to be treated as a Jotun whore.”
Oh darling, you are perfect, 4ft 7inches and 75lbs, look how tiny you are in comparison to me, this is what I wanted for you.  I remember seeing photos of you when you were about 14 years old, beautiful, and so small compared to your friends, that’s when I knew I had to have you for my own.”
Motioning Miss Potts to carry on with the meeting he spent a few minutes gathering his thoughts and allowing his omega to somewhat calm down unaware that his punishment was far from over. Yes, he had harshly disciplined his omega in front of the board knowing that Tony would be embarrassed by his actions but he needed to ensure that Tony was completely humiliated before them and would not be able count on any one of his board members support in the future.  He also needed show his dominance as an Alpha and ability to keep his omega in check.
“No Steve, I promise to be good and stay by your side, and not wonder off.   If I need to pee, then I must go to the restroom with you or Bruce and you will help me on the toilet.”
For the next two days he used and disciplined Stark whenever he felt the need, he grew hard just at the sight of his reddened backside. Every evening he would remove the nipple and clitoris clamps by tugging hard on the chain, watching the omega cry and shudder when they pulled free and the blood rushed back into the swollen flesh.  He so wanted to rip of the mask and fuck Stark’s mouth, but it was as Natasha said, his voice could not match the Captain’s.
“Not fair Steve, I am losing everything, what am I supposed to do if I can’t be Iron Man or head of R&D. I will just be a useless fat lump, good for nothing but being knotted and bred like a bitch!”
At first, he had been angry with Bucky when he had let slip about giving both injections but watching those udders grow larger every day and extremely  sensitive to any touch soon had him forgiving him, their omega make such pretty noises when he and Bucky played with them.
Finishing off with a spray of cum over the omega’s face and tits, he unstrapped the shocked omega’s arms and forced him back down on to the bench. The change in position caused the chained cock to be stretched tighter the piercing pulling hard on the reddened head, the dildos flexed and changed to take in the new position.  Bucky could not decide whether to use his knife or the small medical laser he possessed, one was messy and more of a risk to use whilst the other got the job done but took all the fun out of it.  The knife won out, he could use the laser to cauterise the wound and get the medical doctors to tidy up and create a piss hole afterwards.
Winter strode forward and lifted Tony off, laughing at her surprised gasp when he pulled off the pink ribbon tied round her eyes.  Steve wasted no time in pulling out his cock once he had settled in the armchair, knowing that Winter would just drop their doll on his hard length.
Hulk sniffed the air, both Alphas and his Daisy Cow were steeped in pheromones, lust and arousal pouring off them in waves, his own cock was aching and hard.  Two further sharp tugs of Daisy’s teats had the milk pail half full, time to see if his little cow was going to be a good girl. Pushing her chin up  he looked in to her eyes.
He punctuated each word by ramming his fist into her cunt, the force moving her whole body.  When he was sure that she was going to comply, he went back to biting and twisting her nipples until she was howling, her whole-body convulsing as she orgasmed, thick creamy liquid coated Hulk’s hand as he pulled out of her. Her empty cunt gaped open, and the Pack could see her cream squirting out with each pulse of her pussy.
Steve continued to feed Tony until Bruce and the obstetrician arrived, Bruce helped him position Tony so that the doctor could carry out an internal examination.
“ That’s it cunt, feel all my cum settle inside you, making you a pliant hole to be fucked and bred.
“Hmmm, the fringe is a pain, it limits some of the styles that l would have gone for, these women who think long fringes make them look younger, honestly!  Fringes are for little girls with pigtails, you are a grown woman Ms Potts, no more ponytail and fringe, you are not daddy’s little girl any more.
“Don’t worry Tony, if you continue being my obedient slutty whore, you won’t find yourself with a belly full of hybrid pups.”
His eyes are drawn again the the sopping pussy that is still pulsing and squirting, Tony’s hole is also twitching around the thick plug inserted in it.  His own cock hardens as he scents the air, and it takes all his self-will to stop pouncing on Tony and fucking him senseless.
Thor smirked as he watched Winter, or should he say Armless, mindlessly fuck five milk cows one after the other, his balls swinging as he drilled each cow full of cum.  He laughed out right as the once fearless Winter Soldier, slobbered over the cows’ tits, milk dripping down his chin as he gorged himself on their milk.
“ Nick! Nick! Have you seen the girls? The little devils escaped again!”
“Please Alphas, fill my holes with your cocks, fuck me, breed me, want you to take me hard and fast, show me how to be a good bitch for you both.”
All the while the sky above Asgard darkened, hail and rain battering the castle walls.  Odin continued with his task, the healers silently watching, occasionally holding a goblet to Odin’s lips, who drank thirstily each time.
Bucky ran the tip of his knife across his toy’s fat tits, leaving thin red lines without drawing any blood until each tit was crisscrossed with lines.  The stupid bitch had not even stopped fucking it’s self as it moaned around the gag in its mouth.  Time to get the cunt’s attention, with a flick of his wrist the knife sliced into the soft flesh on the cunt’s thigh a thin stream of blood leaking from the wound.  Straddling the bench, he repeated the cut on the other thigh, he liked things to be symmetrical. He noticed the moment the omega registered the pain, the hitch in its breathing and the awareness coming back in to wide eyes.
“Sweetheart let go now!  Daddy doesn’t want you to get a tummy ache, pee in your pull-up that’s what its for, once we have had desert and the speeches are finished, I will get you changed.”
Captain Rogers, pregnant omegas are notoriously excitable and prone to hysterics you will need to keep him on a strict and structured routine so that he does not have any time for silly emotional omega foolishness.”
He had stated that it might be for the best as he still cared about Tony but was incredibly angry and may say something he regretted.  He understood that they both needed to adjust to Tony’s new status, so time and distance was probably a good thing, but he wanted to talk to Tony on his return. It was revealing of his mind set to hear that Rhodes asked Pepper to send him the video of Stark’s sentencing and punishment, he had also shown an interest in receiving weekly updates on the omega’s training.
“Please Steve need you now, need your cum, it’s been hours feel so empty.”
Tears leaked out of his eyes as he pleaded with his Alpha to stop abusing his nipples but Steve just grinned down at him shaking his head.  He had a moment of relief as one nipple was let go, but only for him to feel Steve guide the head of his monster cock into his birthing channel.  The pain of just that first couple of inches bought tears to his eyes and he bit his lip to stop from crying out loud, there was no way he was going to be able to take his Alpha’s cock without being ripped in half.
“Bruce I think that would be an excellent idea, but I must have your promise that you will not go against my word as Tony’s Alpha and that you will not treat him any differently to how I do.  I cannot have him confused or under the impression he can deviate from my rules whilst he is with you or expect any leniency for bad behaviour.”
“Fuck Tony, not the puppy eyes, please come on that’s totally not fair.  Oh god don’t cry, Cap is going to kill me, here have the cream, see lots of lovely cream, just eat it quick before anyone else sees and rats on us.”
Natasha kept an eye on the time, it wouldn’t do for Steve to see her tormenting the omega, but it was to great an opportunity to miss, her cock twitched but there was not enough time to mount the omega and she didn’t want her secret to be revealed.
“Fascinating isn’t it Widow how similar you both are in looks and build, this one is slightly smaller and has less muscle mass and doesn’t have such a high percentage of the serum in her blood.
Pepper thought she would feel more sadness at his passing, but after the initial shock she felt more relieved than anything else.  Over the years she had worked hard to gain the position of CEO, Stark had fought her rise to power, but the board had overruled him, wanting and Alpha in charge.  Stark had been relegated to Head of R&D after his kidnapping in Afghanistan and the palladium poisoning debacle. He had still been a constant thorn in her side, adamant that he would not return to weapon development, which she thought was highly hypocritical as he flew around the globe in a weaponised suit of armour and outfitted the rest of the Avengers with any equipment they needed.
I am toying with the idea of writing alternative endings,  readers who want a happy ending will be satisfied and one for those who want a more realistic and dark ending.  What do you think?
“Ooops, now look what you made me do because you can’t keep still,  Clint it is obvious that she is is only interested in sucking your cock and filling up her pussy, she hasn’t managed to stay still at all, it’s not much of a challenge if she is enjoying herself and doesn’t care about any punishment.”
Tony had no idea how long he lay trapped on the bean bag unable to escape from the harsh voices and pictures, he was aware of his bladder releasing after receiving yet another shock when he had tried to bury his face in the beanbag.  The pacifier stifled his cries and pleas for everything to stop and for Steve get him out of there.
Chapter 99
Tony sighed, he as not going to stop feeding Peggy just because Bruce didn’t like the fact, he had not taken off his clothes the moment he came home.
Pepper gave birth to twin boys in the medical wing of Stark Tower, Happy wanted a natural birth with no drugs and refused every plea from Pepper for pain killers, fifteen hours later the boys were born weighing 11lbs each.
Steve ensured that he made it very clear to Fury that Bucky was not going to be detained at Shield for any length of time and would be returning to the Tower each day after treatment and debriefing.  Fury had argued against this even though Steve had told him they were newly bonded, Fury had counter argued that the forming of a new bond between Alphas was not same as an Alpha/Omega new bond which needed physical closeness and a period of seclusion so the omega could be trained to physically and mentally submit to their new Alpha’s wants and needs.
“Come little one, your reward is to ride my cock, my seed will ensure that you are fertile and will catch on your next heat.”
“That’s it, baby see how receptive your body is becoming already to my touch, your skin will become attuned to my touch and my scent the greater the production of omega pheromones produced. You will be unable to bear anything but natural material against your skin until your body adjusts.  I have some cotton omega drawers for you to wear whilst in hospital, as I don’t want everyone seeing you naked.  They are the highest tread count available and with the adjustable waistband they will be easy to adjust as your weight increases.”
Tony’s heart and mind stutters at those words, his desperation overwhelming him, his omega mind telling him to supplicate himself, his body burning with the need to be fucked and mated, but there was a small voice crying out for him to fight against his omega instincts, to not bend to the will of his soon to be again Alphas.
Watching his baby finally give in and lose control of his bladder for the first time had to be one of the best things so far.  His baby’s flushed cheeks and tear filled eyes such a pretty sight.  After pulling off the pyjama bottoms and diaper tabs he gave his cock a few hard tugs releasing his load over Tony’s soft hairless cock and balls.
It was becoming more difficult to concentrate with Steve grinding up against his padded asshole, he continued to nudge the plug further up his channel constantly hitting his prostrate. Steve’s hand slid round to his cock, strong fingers stroking him, rubbing the dripping pre cum along his length.
Now l am going to knot your mouth, just because l love watching the fear in your eyes as you choke on my knot.  Then l think it will be time to replace your piercings and maybe add a few more.”
Winter was intrigued, he loved Tony’s small stature and slim figure, especially when they cinched his waist in a tight corset, he could span with his hands. But he could imagine the flushed skin, the rolls of soft flesh and plump little breasts, squeezing out of the corset.
Tony waited for some response to either statements hoping that he was not going to end up dead for revealing his knowledge.  He had never believed that his parents car crash was an accident, Howard may have been a cold heart callus bastard to his son but he had loved his wife and the one thing he never did was drink and drive when Maria was with him.
“The Inspector was pleased with his progress and will inform the Registry that he feels that Tony could be awarded ‘First Level Traditional Omega’ status if he passes his second inspection after Bonding.
“Father, come make use of Loki’s mouth, spend your seed in one of her whore holes.”
“You are such a little cum slut, such a dirty little omega, look at you flushed with arousal bet your little cock would shoots its tiny load in an instant if it was not locked tightly away.
His Omega was lucky in that he had been in extremely good shape and carrying extra muscle for a man of his size, so that he had retained a fair amount of strength which he would need to be able to work the Iron Man armour.
Tony startled awake to the blare of the intruder alarm, disorientated he barely heard JARVIS’s instructions for him to put on the wrist gauntlet Dummie was holding and make his way to the panic room.
By this time the others had joined them to watch the birth, Professor Hulk carried out a quick examination of her cunt and confirmed her waters had broken and she was already seven centimetres dilated. The nano collar and belt would monitor her and the pups, leaving them free to watch the birth.
Warm lips brushed his forehead as Steve stood and laid the clear casing in the silk lined holder of the jewellery case. He felt unbalanced by the lack of the usual constant blue glow, he knew that JARVIS constantly monitored his health and the output of the reactor, but to him the warmth and glow of the arc reactor was a safety blanket.
In short Anthony, your father lied to you and the world with regards to your test results, arranged the lab accident and your subsequent stay in hospital so that he could pay for your true orientation to be supressed and for you to pass as a base-line human.
“What the fuck, why won’t they come out?”
His plan to hide out in his workshop failed dismally, three days in Steve used his override code to bring him a milkshake and a sandwich and stayed with him watching him eat. Both were delicious, Steve had even used his own recipe for mayonnaise, refusing to tell Him the secret ingredient that made it taste so creamy and delicious.
Steve quickly signed all the necessary paperwork, grabbing hold of Pup’s jaw he forced him to make eye contact.
“Captain Rogers, firstly let me say that Tony’s treatment has been a huge success, he is physically healed and his mental state is that of a young toddler when under, and when you age him up he will have the emotionally sensibilities of a teenager but his intelligence will be intact.  You should age him up once or twice a week, so that he receives the mental stimulation through work that his brain will need as a genius.  At a future date, if you require, we can condition an age between these two if that would be something you are interested in.
But Tony knew the truth and for the sake of his sanity and the babies he carried he needed closure and at least a chance to live without the crushing disapproval of everyone he knew and once called friend, and a population that hated him for supposedly breaking Captain America’s heart.
He knew it was happening, there was no way in his own Universe that he would have allowed himself to be treated this way, he would have mentally and physically fought it, he would have tried to escape.  Yet here he was sitting on a metal phallus taking two phones apart and chatting to Jarvis as though it was the most natural thing in the world.
Betty read the note, then carefully folded it up and placed it in the bedside drawer.  She would need to shower and take some pain killers before setting about disciplining her charge.  Walking through the dressing room, she spotted a drawer with a row spanking implements, obviously left open for her to see.  The were all beautifully crafted, solid pieces, but one caught her eye and she set it on the shelf to pick up after her shower.
Thor my son, I want your whore to stay with me for a time during the quickening of each pregnancy.  There will be no need for you to accompany the slag, Sira will keep her in line.  I find her mouth most pleasing and a cock
Odin stared at the chained omega, Loki’s arms held high above his head, ankles wide and locked to the floor.  Loki was in his Asir form, soft pale skin, small breasts and long limbs. Odin ran his fingers through the chin length hair, surprised by the cropped under layer, circling round he could see the shorter length at the back, the cropped neckline high above the metal ring, also giving easy access to the small knot of omega nerves.
Inside the office Tony’s face was mashed to the floor tongue licking up the cold congealed cum, the Captain’s booted foot holding his neck in place. Steve released Tony once he was satisfied that the desk and floor was cleaned to his satisfaction.
He was thrilled at the size of Tony’s stomach, he truly looked pregnant, he snapped a couple of selfies, ensuring that neither of their faces could be seen.  Posting them to his own Instagram, under the caption ‘My baby does like to role play.’  He took a third
“Captain Roger this tiny hole is the inverted end of the ball sack, if you probe it with your finger you will see that it is just a shallow hollow of skin at the next of the internal pocket.
No! No!  I hate T..Ty, wouldn’t ever want to be with him, l love Steve.”
Steve plays with his baby boy.
He hears the sound of heavy footsteps long before he sees the dark figure striding towards him, as his Watcher gets closer, he finds himself eager to see his face, there is something familiar in the way he walks, how he holds himself, the broad shoulders and the muscular arms, one slightly larger than the other.  He laughs as the moonlight catches his face, uncaring of the pain he runs to the man who sweeps him up.
Steve watched from the door as the boys all cuddled and kissed with Tony and gazed at their new sister who was sleeping peacefully despite all the poking and prodding from the two sets of twins.
“Steve, it’s not against the law anymore and hasn’t been for over 30 years.  You can be with another Alpha, but you cannot bond unless you share an omega and form a triad.
“Do you think that you deserve the reward of my knot, do you think that you have earned the right to be pleasured by your Alpha?”
For a supposed genius you are incredibly dumb, perhaps I should get you retested, l bet your Father bribed the Board of Education to say that you were a genius because he was too embarrassed to admit to the world that he had a dumb, useless, cock sucking omega for a son.
Wiping Tony’s tits clean he carried his drowsy omega in to the nursery placing him back in his nest of blankets. The pups were still sleeping so he quickly replaced his omega’s butt plug leaving his pussy free, Steve was getting hard again at the thought of fucking in to that tight hole.  Still that was for later, Tony needed some sleep before the pups woke and he had his hands full.
“Christ, that was the hottest thing l have ever seen, my pussy is soaking.  As much as l would like to see you go another round l have a patient in ten minutes, and this room reeks of sex.”
He couldn’t wait to stake his claim and formalise the bond, after which they could do as they pleased with the omega, Steve had already decided that the small omega would be made available to all the team and Ms Potts for training.  Whilst he had been wool gathering the feeding had ended and he had a wonderful view of the omega’s plugged hole and round globes, his cock twitched when he noticed how red and puffy the widely stretch ring of muscles had become.  Flicking the remote he set the plug to vibrate continuously at a low rate for the next six hours, it was enough to stimulate the omega’s slick production and keep him in a constant state of arousal, but not to allow him to orgasm.
You are bonded to Tony and have taken on his child, you are his Alpha and his Dominant, he belongs to you to do with as you want, this will not change.
Dr Cho was waiting for their arrival, having dismissed all the other medical staff on Black Widow’s orders, she couldn’t help but gasp when she saw the familiar features of her new patient.  Bruce quickly filled her in on the circumstances of this version of Tony Stark’s arrival at the Compound.
Reaching forward Winter took hold of the base of Tony’s butt plug whilst Steve grabbed hold of the dildo, smiling they began to slowly and torturously pull them from their respective holes.  Steve worked the dildo pulling it down a mere inch before thrusting it back up harder only then to drag it down two inches before again thrusting up with it again, over and over until only the head of the dildo was caught between the omega’s blood swollen pussy lips.  Winter pulled on the plug until the thickest part was stretching Tony’s hole obscenely wide, the poor omega assaulted in both holes was a babbling, quivering wreck.
Finally, the plug popped free sweet smelling slick gushing out to cover Tony’s arse and thighs, his hole gaped obscenely loose and wide once the plug had been removed.
Now kneel on the bed play with your nipples, if you please me enough over the next two days l will allow you outside for two hours a day, to get some fresh air, but you must take care not to get any sun on your pale skin.”
Steve tapped his finger against Tony’s cheek marking out the seconds he deep throated Tony before giving him 5 seconds to catch his breath, then the tapping started again.  Steve knew that due to the arc reactor taking up so much room in Tony’s chest that he had diminished lung capacity, so he viewed this as a Omega sexual training exercise as well as strengthening Tony’s lungs so that as time went by he would be able to increase the length of time he could keep his cock down Tony’s throat.
“Alpha, I yield to you, please fuck my useless cunt and asshole until I am raw and bleeding, and even them my holes are yours to wreck and ruin as you see fit.  I yield my body and my mind to my Alpha, I live to serve you and the Pack, I am truly sorry for any transgressions and will accept my punishments and strive to be the Beta Alpha that you wish for.”
Is there anything you can do genetically to give her back her reproductive organs?  It would be fascinating to see if she could be successful bred by Maximus and Caesar.”
“Come on Steve lets get go visit the pups then I think a celebratory dinner is in order with the rest of the Pack,  Loki’s pretty lips can keep our cocks occupied whilst we  eat and then perhaps we can should make use of the milk cow whilst our omega is unavailable.”
“Jarvis please can you activate the nanobots, knee and hands first please, once we have him in position tighten the crotch strap by 20 percent and start inflation of the nano-knots.”
Steve keeps up a steady rhythm driving Tony to distraction each time his prostrate is nudged, it hurts but he can feel his ass clench trying to hold on to the invading fingers.  He vaguely hears Steve telling him to relax and push down he tries his best to comply but his body jerks and twist, it hurts so fucking much as he finally feels a thumb join the rest of the fingers stuffed into his ass.
This does not end well for Tony.
Stark Industries funded the project and had final say in who would have access to its healing abilities, the Cradle cost one billion to develop and build, it is not a feasible option for everyday medical usage.
“Tony Edward Stark Rogers! Have you forgotten the rules so quickly, you are never to say No to daddy!   Now I know it has been a long tiring day for you so I will not punish you this time, but you have used up your only warning.
Jarvis’s home movies played on the screens showing an adorable small curly haired baby transforming over time into a lively, smiling, chattering child.  There were interviews with former House Staff and Nannies who all agreed how sweet and good he had been as a child and what a shame it was that he had become such an unlikable person as and adult.
Steve had been on the backside of the wrap round porch when he heard the cabin door open, quietly he made his way round, knowing that Natasha would have signaled him if she had returned.  He was surprised to see the small omega draped on a sheet, staring out at his surroundings, the little bitch had obviously been pretending to have passed out in order to escape.  He would need to punish the omega, it obviously didn’t understand that this was for his own good and that they were rescuing him and taking him back to a better world.
How much of your time you spend as my little boy depends on how often you drop into your headspace.
Lining himself up he pushed in to her cunt, on hand gripping her hip as he leaned forward to grab hold of her right nipple, tugging on the thick nub as he fucked her cunt,  he didn’t last long as the whore clenched her cunt and jerked back her hips to meet each of his thrusts. Pulling her onto her side he tugged on both her nipples repeatedly as his cock softened inside her.
Steve and Natasha had watched on the security monitors as The Captain had reamed out Potts, then torn her out of her cloths until she was naked apart from her shoes and stockings.  Then he had bent her over the table and fucked straight into her asshole without any prep, her screams could be heard echoing down the corridors of the Compound, blood and seamen tricked out of her hole as the Captain had withdrawn, Thor, Clint and Natasha had taken their turns fucking her loose hole before finally the Captain had slammed his fist into her, making her howl and beg for him to stop, but at the same time they could both she she was pushing back into his fist her legs glistening with slick and cunt juice.
You are mine forever and l am never letting you go!”
5.	Stimulate her milk production by cropping her tits and ass, four times a day.
Hard wired to please their bonded Alpha, an omega became even more susceptible to their Alpha’s will during pregnancy, the sensitive bundle of omega nerves on the back of their neck needed only the lightest of touches to ensure complete submission.
Tony was just getting dressed, he could tell that he wasn’t happy with the outfit Steve had chosen, but then again, he rarely was.  Silk stockings, lace thong and bra, followed by a tight pencil skirt with a split up the back, high enough that you could see his stocking tops and a glimpse of garter, the red silk tailored shirt showed off his cleavage with the towering black stilettos adding inches to his height.
“Much better bitch, omega jewellery is all that you should be seen in.  Soon there will be no need to pander to the prudes and conservatives, naked breasts will become the fashion in public because of your position as my mate, leading the way to introducing full nudity, physical correction and the freedom to perform sexual acts on omegas in public within the next year.”
Natasha had caught glimpses of Widow and Potts throughout the week, the dynamics between the two were interesting to say the least.  Widow was clearly a dominant Alpha and wanted Potts as her submissive partner.  Potts seemed to be struggling occasionally but the Widow soon put her in her place.  It was not a dynamic that should have worked being that they were both high Alphas, she would need to get into the system and gain access to  Dr Banner’s research and labs as the doctor was always watching Potts and holding quiet conversations with Widow.
Grabbing hold of Tony’s hips, he lined himself up, his cock pushing up against the tight ring of muscles.
Steve reaches round to part the soft folds of Tony’s labia, fingers stroking the inner lips and hard clit repeatedly until the folds of flesh give and he can insert a finger, gently pushing It in and out as Tony’s breathing hitches and his legs part giving him better access.
“What’s that little omega, do you want me to stop or do you want me to lathe your nips with my tongue until you are a writhing, moaning, mess?”
Steve, l will leave and come back in a while so that you can have some privacy with your pup and omega.  Tony it is very important for the baby that you are open and receptive to bonding with her and you need an Alpha to keep you stabilized so listen to Alpha Steve.”
“That’s it baby, see how good you feel with my cock filling your dripping omega pussy, come on let it out, tell me what you want, do you want my knot or do you want to slide to your knees and swallow me down?  Or I could have Jarvis turn up the lights and the pack can watch as I first spank your glorious ass before I take you bent over the back of the couch whilst the others take turns feeding you as we wait for my knot to go down.”
“See baby, how good it feels when you are with an Alpha who cares about you and wants what’s best for his omega.  Can I touch you? Spread your legs if you want me to, it’s totally up to you how far we take this.”
Now l want you to keep your hand on my cock whilst l show you exactly how I like to be jerked off.  I am going to come all over your omega and down her throat, and l want you to do the same.  Your bitch is going to reek of our cum, her belly swollen and round with it.”
Tony settled into his new way of life, he found the structure and routine kept him from spiraling into dark thoughts, he could just ask Steve to take him down into his little headspace if he couldn’t do it himself, then all his problems melted away and he could just be his daddy’s little boy.
Binding Tony’s arms tightly behind his he kicked is legs wide apart.
Pepper had been five months pregnant, when Happy and Steve had driven her to a private studio on an estate just outside New York.
“Stand bitch, present yourself for inspection.”
Steve watches as his naked omega slowly crawls towards him, cane in his mouth, paddle resting on his back. He is a beautiful sight, his perfect little omega fully submitting to his will.  He wants to ravage him right there on the floor, but his wants must take second place to their daily discipline ritual, he takes up the paddle, stroking the red leather.
Laboriously shifting onto his side, he took a moment to revel in the rarity of being alone.  The Avengers Pack had been called out on a mission a few hours ago, which had needed all members.  The tower was on complete lockdown, the Penthouse was sealed, and JARVIS had total control over the suits in the unlikely hood of anyone making it past his security measures.  The pups had spent the last hour crawling around the nursery before been fed and placed in their cribs.  Hopefully they would sleep for a few hours so that he could rest as well.
“Professor how far do you think that this Banner can be corrupted, do you ever see him carrying on Bruce’s work and research at his Clinic?”
Bruce bit down hard on her breast, just shy of breaking her skin. Sucking until the flesh was dark purple.  Using a little of the Hulk’s strength he pressed her arching body back down on to the table as he filled her with his cum, her shouts of anger, pain and arousal cut off as he smothered her face with his hand, his cock throbbing as panic and fear lit up her eyes as her ability to breathe disappeared.  Only when her eyes rolled back and her body went lax under him did he pull out, leaving her unconscious form slumped on the examination table.
Steve placed his still sleeping omega on their bed cuffed his wrists and ankles so he was spread-eagled with a pillow under his hips so his plugged holes were fully on display.  Slowly he began to remove all the jewellery from Tony’s body, stroking his omega’s stomach whenever he started to stir. Leaving the nipple clamps he moved down and began to work the plug and vibrator from his two holes.
“But that is not what I was trying to do, I merely tripped through the door.  I do not want to kneel down every time you enter a room, or I enter one with you in it.”
What the hell, there was no way that was going to happen!
There was no real danger Steve was aware of how much Tony could take, the serum in his body and the developing pups meant that he metabolised food at a faster rate now than before.  Tony was unaware of how much his body was changing and that was how his Alpha wanted it.  He would decide how much information he would give his omega and when.
“Beautiful my omega, now you need do nothing but sit and allow yourself to be the centre piece to this gathering.”
Steve escorts Tony down to his workshop afterwards and goes back up to Pepper’s office where he has asked for a meeting with them.  They are both shocked by his proposal, neither ever thinking that Tony would be willing to make such a major change in his life,  but both of them picture Tony’s behaviour at lunch and eventually they give their consent and sign as witnesses.  Pepper says she will handle all the paperwork herself, bring it for Steve to sign after they have bonded.  She will arrange a Press Release for five days time and an interview once they are both settle into their bond.  Steve assures Pepper that he wants her to continue as CEO, that nothing will really change in that respect apart from Tony having regular set working hours. Colonel Rhodes agrees that it is time to resign his commission and become a full time Avenger, he wants to be more hands on with the tech and the design and building of the armor.
Midnight found Peter tied to the punishment bench, a thick dildo strapped in his mouth as another fucked his ass, tears dripped down his face as he remembered Peppers disappointed face after he had scrambled off the bed once her knot had deflated.
Steve pushed him off and jumped to his feet, he could see Tony writhing and screaming, body arching as Rhodey tried to hold him down.  He glanced behind to see Widow standing over two unconscious Banners, tranquilliser darts embedded in their necks.  Throwing his shield, he knocked her flying back into the open door of the quinjet, after catching his shield he ran forward scooping up Bruce, recognising him from the small round wired frames hanging off his ear. The other Bruce had always worn horn rimmed glasses.
Tony began to panic his thoughts whirling round and round in his head, he could not think he knew that there was something he had to say a correct way of asking but it eluded him.
For over an hour he toyed with his omega’s body, not once did Tony disappoint, his cock soft as his holes gushed slick and omega juices.  When he finally edged his hard length into the omega’s virgin channel there was nothing but a blissed our smile on his lips.
Now lean forward just slightly, l am going to speed up and when l touch you again I want you to knot her and cum.”
Chapter 31.
1.	Clean her inside and out.
“Good bitch!  Take my cock in your sloppy dirty hole, going to fuck your cunt next, breed you up so that you are tied to my knot. Who knows, perhaps plant a pup or two, rare but possible with my super serum enhanced sperm.”
“Tony don’t be a diva bitch! You will put on the panties and baby doll and pose however the photographer wants, or there will be no lab time!”
He sees the exact moment when Tony caves to his demand, feels the body beneath him tense as those pink lips part, but there is also trust in those beautiful whisky eyes and a hint of excitement at the forbidden.  He takes his time letting his little alpha get used to the taste and weight of his cock head as he rests it in the opening of Tony’s mouth, he inches forward as he feels him relax and begin to work the underside of his cock with his tongue.  Tony’s attempt is sloppy and messy with no finesse, he has to pull back a few times as Tony chokes when his cock hits the back of his throat.  He whispers words of encouragement, praising his little alpha for being so good and perfect.  Gradually he is able to start with gentle thrusts and build up speed as Tony relaxes more and his throat opens up.  His eyes never leave his little alpha’s eyes, he holds him trapped as he tells him to swallow him down and try not to spill a drop of his Alpha’s cum.  He wills his knot not to form, there is all the time in the world now to train towards that.  He is impressed by how much of his cum Tony manages to swallow before he starts gasping and shaking his head, he pulls back to spray the last of it over Tony’s chest.  Dipping his fingers into the sticky mess he scoops some up and feeds it to his little alpha who tentatively laps at his fingers, still not used to the taste but trying for Steve.  He rubs the rest over Tony’s chest, especially working it into the sensitive skin round his nipples, praising him and calling him his ‘good boy’.
Bucky saw red, his little punk needed to be put in his place.   He grabbed hold of his waist, slamming  him down on his knot as he thrust up. As Stevie screamed out his orgasm he bit down on the juncture between his shoulder and neck, ripping away the now dormant alpha glands to get to the tiny immature omega glands hidden beneath.
“Aww look Steve at how desperate our little bitch is, perhaps we should invoke the no orgasm rule now, I don’t think he has learned his lesson quite yet about keeping his mouth shut unless it is to beg for our cocks to fill it.”
Steve stills watching his omega waiting for the first hint of panic to hit when he starts to realise he cannot breathe.  Tony even with the arc reactor has gotten better with practise, Steve counts off a minute in his head before he feels Tony start to struggle hands pushing at his thighs, nostrils flaring and spit dripping down his chin.  Steve’s grip on Tony’s hair tightens and he gives a warning shake, his omega stills tears pooling in the corner of his eyes which gaze up him silently pleading for mercy.
There was an extremely unorthodox procedure he could offer which would fulfil all the Captain’s requirements but the question he had to ask himself was, would the good Captain be willing to pay the extortionate financial price, and more importantly not disclose to the medical supervisory board the nature of the procedure.
If you want my forgiveness and to see your mother again you will do the right thing and become the daughter that you were meant to be.  Make me proud, open yourself to the therapy you are receiving, do everything the doctor and Captain Rogers request and I may be persuade to come to your wedding.”
Explicit non/con/rape and forced bonding.
Now I think it best if we loosen you up further, get you comfortable and relaxed taking my finger before I fit your plug.  It may seem I am moving a bit fast with regards to the physical side of our relationship, but you will settle and adjust faster to your omega status if we follow the structured course of education and training set by ‘The House of Traditional Omegas’.”
“Ahhrrrrrrrrrrrr, fuck, fuck, fuck, turn if off, god dam it, Jarvis what the hell, Off Now!”
Lowering his head, he bit down on his omega’s swollen rim as he tugged on his piercing, slick squirted out coating his face as Tony pushed back on to his tongue crying out as his orgasm peaked.  Steve continued to tongue fuck him through his orgasm, nipping and sucking his abused hole all the while Tony was begging him to stop.  When his omega finally fell silent accepting that his Alpha had total control to do as he pleased he forced his cock past the tightly swollen ring of flesh until he bottomed out, then he slowly withdrew until his cock head caught on the tight rim before pushing back in. Over and over he caught his fat cock head on his omega’s swollen rim before sinking back in to grind against his prostrate before filling his omega’s channel full of thick cum.
Now he bent his head and quickly ate the tasteless mush and drank his fill of water from the tap as Karl watched, taping the cane against his palm.
Pepper felt split in half, battling against the familiar alpha voice in her head that wanted to attack Bruce for daring to used has voice in her and this new beta alpha voice that whispered that it was right that she submit and follow this higher Alpha’s orders.  She was lost when Natasha used her own Alpha voice.
Steve had flowing into a rage at Bucky’s words and hadn’t spoken to him in weeks. It was only when his Ma died, and Bucky was the one to pay for the funeral and the back rent, that their friendship started again.  Then Bucky had been drafted and he had been left to battle the bullies at the Army Recruitment Centres.”
He didn’t even mind when Bruce started to run his fingers through his hair, tugging on his curls as he untangled them.  The fingers stroking his omega neck nerves relaxed him until he was slumped between Bruce’s thighs his face nuzzling his clothed cock.
Give me your answer, now Tony, but know what ever answer you give you are committing to living that kind of lifestyle forever.
Is there any way that his hole can be made to self-lubricate like a cunt?  He is going to be so tight and there will be times when I just want to take him without the bother of too much prep.
All the Avengers glared at Fury and Coulson extremely worried about their team mate, Tony was baseline human, which made him more vulnerable to injury out in the field even with the armour, whilst the rest of them were enhanced Alphas and a strong Beta.  Steve had originally fought against having Stark on the team, convinced he would be a liability but after a trial period he admitted that Stark was an asset in the suit, out of it the annoying genius drove him to distraction with his unhealthy life style and total disregard for Steve’s orders.  The team tried to look out for their resident genius billionaire, but Tony had an irritating habit of locking himself in the lab or disappearing on SI business.
