"Do you know what I mean when I say unconditional, Dean? Why I speak so highly of it?"
"I know. I wasn't here," Cas begins. He looks guilty and afraid, like he knew this was coming. Dean's brain has trouble understanding why he can't seem to find any anger.
Dean is slim-waisted, clean-shaven, and toned. In a tie and dress pants, eyes green and skin freckled. Cas' mouth waters.
"You know that's not what I meant," Cas hisses.
"Different shows available. I missed the good old American Netflix," Cas comments as Dean settles next to him.
Cas makes a small, "oh", pushing his feet across the bed to rest against Dean's calves.
His mind catches something weird. He almost drifts right over it, because it’s far enough in the woods that it’s sort of out of his mind’s view. He senses a little bit of panic, so he reaches for it, pausing in his stride to try and figure out what he’s feeling.
Cas sighs, "I know you say that, but it kind of seems like you're not."
“Cas loves you so much, you know that right?” Sam asks.
Cas mouths at Dean's balls, thumbing down to where Dean's prepped.
Dean hums, "Did you get your pants off?"
"Where do you want to start?" Cas asks eagerly.
Dean’s soul automatically clouded, and Castiel winced. He could imagine what Dean was thinking. The concern, the fear for his friend, and for his own heart. Dean had been fucked over, been screwed with too many times for a conversation like that to ever result in something positive.
To Cas’ credit, he honestly expected that conversation to blow up. He had now firmly established that he too, was a self-deprecating idiot, and had decided that that may be why he always expected the worst to come out of conversations like those. He found it humorous that his self-loathing seemed to have prepared him for it that time.
Dean exhales, “It wasn’t a big deal.”
That night, Dean lets Cas order him to his knees and blindfold him, before choking Dean with his dick. Then, Cas gets Dean to fuck him and breathes praises into Dean's ears. Dean comes so hard he swears he sees stars.
They'll get up in a couple minutes, Dean guesses.
Castiel's eyebrows pull together, "Why would you think that? No, you haven't fucked anything up."
Dean whimpers, "If you fist me. God, if you jerk me off," his voice is small.
Cas pauses, then gets one hand digging into the flesh of Dean’s ass and the other squeezing at his cock so hard that Dean
Monday ends up feeling the same way Friday did.
Then Cas holds out one rough palm.
Dean blushes a little, “Yeah. Cas thought it would be good for me to talk some stuff through with someone who does that stuff professionally.”
"Would you feel more comfortable avoiding penetrative sex Dean?" Cas asked.
Cas, for whatever reason, loves the softness of Dean at the middle, the little jiggle of his thighs.
Castiel is steadfast about the both of them sleeping in their bed again. He doesn't even make the couch an option. He helps Dean up off the couch as it gets to be later, telling him not to worry about their dinner dishes (Mac and cheese), and that he'll meet Dean upstairs.
“I hope you feel that way when you come down too. I sorta lost my grip on you there for a moment,” Cas tells him, “I apologize.”
"That's so not your fault," Dean tells him.
Dean's brow furrows, "I do."
When Dean comes down, he can barely keep his eyes open.
"I'm fine. It's good to see your face," Dean admits.
Every fantasy was doused in Castiel’s endless strings of praise for Dean, and in his mind, Dean just took it. Let the words wash over him and let out little whimpers. In Castiel’s deepest desires, Dean knew what he was worth, knew how much he was loved.
"I'll never know how you do that," he tells Dean.
"Oh, shit, sorry. I forgot it was so late, I can let you sleep," Dean whispers in a rush.
The Winchester family is a happy sight to behold.
Cas decides to go over the scratches a few times for good measure, digging in deeper and deeper as he watches Dean respond to the feeling. Cas knows well that scratches walk the pain-pleasure border that Dean has flawlessly aligned.
He keeps himself steady back to their bed, but still can tell he's pretty strong.
It’s Dean’s thirtieth birthday. He was awoken to Castiel’s lips trailing downwards at about 5 am, then again at 9 with coffee. They’d had Jack’s shitty pancakes for breakfast. Enough maple syrup can make anything edible.
Dean sets his plate aside and gets himself closer to Cas, snuggling up against his side.
Hellish.
Castiel hums in agreement: he does know these things.
"It should," Cas agrees, "It’s always so much better after a while— like the time after your trip with Sam?"
It’s someone with magic. Dean is surprised that anyone would live or even be hiking around out here. Dean thought all the land out on this road was a national forest. That being said, in Oregon it’s so hard to tell what’s privately owned land and what’s government-owned forest that it could be that Dean has stumbled upon a home.
Dean winced, but smiled, taking a seat in the chair across the room that Sam had referenced.
"I thought I knew that," Cas says, all small.
Cas was holding Dean's hand then, wiggling his fingers reassuringly.
"Can't remember," Dean provides.
"Tying you up," Cas breathes out, watching Dean's face nervously for his reaction, "holding you down."
"Hello Dean," Cas says, grinning, "Why didn't you tell me you were sick?"
Cas is quiet for a long while, thinking and breathing deep.
Dean smiled against Cas, "I know Cas. And I, y'know. Feel the same way about you. I just haven't talked about it like it was
Dean's lips part and he nods once, getting up to follow Castiel's orders.
This time Cas just chuckles though, running his hands over Dean's flank lovingly, "So pretty Dean."
Cas hails the uber, looks over his things, and then turns to Dean.
Cas helps him through it, instructing him to breathe in and out with him, and squeezing his knee reassuringly.
Cas gets done two weeks early. It’s week twelve and he's back in Chicago, intent on surprising Dean at home. He wonders if maybe this is the wrong decision—  perhaps he should call and confront him about it, ask Dean if Dean is planning to leave.
"Right, I did suggest you get out for some fresh air more," He agrees.
"Yes sir. I'm sorry," Dean chews his bottom lip, looking like he feels worse than his tone inclines.
Cas pulls away like he's been stung, giving Dean space.
Cas chuckles and Dean looks back at him, where he is naked and holding the ties, eying Dean like he's some sort of offering.
Cas knew that Dean deserved someone willing to jump into this with him— and Cas was! He just needed time. Time to make sure they were making the right decision, giving the child a good place to come home to.
“And I believe you,” Sam agrees, leaning closer to Dean.
This is the low point of the story, I am sorry.
Dean is trembling a little bit, nervous and excited and Cas seems to understand, slowly massaging a hand on Dean's lower back.
Dean feels his chest constrict at simply remembering Cas saying, "
His fingers falter on Castiel’s wrist, and suddenly, insecure, Castiel lets go of Dean, his own hand hanging loosely in Dean’s grasp.
They'd grabbed burner phones after that incident. Hoped to contact someone, just to hear that
Cas balances everything and makes his way up the stairs, nudging the door open to the room.
"I understand if you want to leave Dean. Hell, I get it."
"I miss how you smell. The way you taste too," Cas is watching him with those intense eyes.
He slips off screen, stumbling across the room to the closet.
Dean grins at this, "So, what do you say?" He pushes his hips back into Castiel's hands, "Should we have some fun?"
They end up curled on the floor for a long time, breathing together. Cas tucks his face into Dean's chest as the anxiety recedes and listens to where his heart beats steadily. Cas has mentioned a few times that the rhythm helps.
Castiel huffed and let out a little smile at that. He truly did love Sam as well, they had been basically brothers for years. Their mutual love for Dean helped them to understand each other more than they would care to admit. And all other people aside, Sam Winchester was a genuine and intelligent human being. Cas felt lucky that these were what Gabriel would call “his people”.
Dean sits up faster than he ever has in his life. Here's Cas, home early and looking jet-lagged as fuck and so beautiful. The house is a mess. Dean is a mess. He has no plans for dinner, no time to tidy the bedroom, and no fucking idea how he's gonna tell Cas all this shit.
Dean huffs out a moan and Cas takes that as an encouragement to put his tongue between his cheeks, slowly and carefully licking at Dean.
Dean feels a flare of guilt shoot through his stomach. Sam is right, of course. Cas is there for Dean in sickness and in health, but that doesn’t mean that Dean’s issues haven’t been affecting Cas. Dean thinks back to when he found Castiel on the stairs in the middle of the night.
Dean huffs, but says nothing, chin against Cas' chest.
Dean thinks to himself that the last thing he wants is to get any pudgier. Castiel is hitting the gym and working harder than ever. He's got to be exhausted by all the new things around him and this big project and he still has the time to stay fit whereas Dean is letting it slide.
“Would you?” Dean asks, relived, “You rock Claire.”
"Okay Cas, so shoot. You first I guess. Is there anything you wanna try?" Dean asks him, now feeling eager to hear what's been on Cas' mind.
Dean apologized for falling asleep and adorably wiped the drool from his chin. He rolled his eyes at the ties which Castiel chose, but agreed that Cas needed a few new ones.
Dean hesitates, "No. But I should have told you about the record. Either way," Dean still isn't looking at Cas.
So when Eileen finally stabbed the damn Wraith in its slimy little chest, and Dean personally spit on the body before he burned it, he was in a very good mood.
Castiel is thrusting up against him to meet his downward strokes, and Dean knows that he needs to get the angle just right, work his hips in just the right slow-roll-snap that will make their skin slap together and have Castiel begging for him.
“What happened?” Dean asked, looking his brother up and down to be sure he was all in one piece. Dean must have decided that Sam looked well enough, because he continued forward to take his spot beside Castiel,
And to top that concoction of confusing emotions off, his magic is practically salivating at the idea of touching Dean.
A wizard is standing, feet shoulder-width apart, eyes closed, face turned skyward. His palms hover at his front, palms down, as though he’s warming them in a fire. He’s barefoot, and in what looks like a baby blue pajama set. A thick black cloak is wrapped around his shoulders, a couple sizes too big— the band is undone so Dean can see underneath to where a little bit of stomach skin is revealed from his shirt tucked funny.
When Cas gets into bed, Dean scoots so he’s laying right up against him, peering up at him.
That made Dean chuckle, “She is welcome here anytime, for however long. Seriously Sammy, surely you know that.”
Sam’s eyes soften, “Oh.”
Dean eventually gets his breathing under control. He knows he needs help, he needs help so badly. Unfortunately, any of the people he could think of to call would call Castiel immediately after. His friends love him, but not any more than they love Cas. The moment they caught wind of Dean mistreating Cas, lying to him, they would take Cas' side for sure. Dean can't handle losing his friends too.
Dean stops walking, getting her full attention. He reaches up to point at a scar that runs along his jaw across so it sits into his earlobe, "See this?"
"Well hi there," Cas greets.
"Not making sense?" Cas presses. It's actually comforting to know that this has happened before. That means that Dean has been through something like this and gotten back to normal. Maybe Cas can help.
Cas nods.
Cas' face pinches at this, "Dean, what?"
Dean seems to like that, he pulls against it, making the tug harsher on his scalp. Castiel tries to let up a little, but Dean keeps the pressure consistent.
Dean nudges his nose against Cas' jaw, then whispers, "What is it?"
Cas stares, and it's silent for a long moment.
Cas is letting out quiet, shuttering sobs and squirming left to right when Dean finally lets up. both on Cas' dick and his restraint. Dean comes lazily into the condom he's wearing and thrusts through it quickly. Dean doesn't indulge himself in this— Cas is already too over-sensitive and floaty to be making decisions about what hurts and whether Dean should stay inside him right now.
Well. It was one thing for Dean to cut himself some slack, it was a whole fucking other for Cas to put that shit all out in the open.
They take the highway to an exit off towards their neighborhood, and the Uber zips down one-ways and under the elevated train-tracks to their suburban looking street in the city. Their little blue house on Sunnyside, with the ash tree out front and the two empty bedrooms that could easily become a spot for kids.
“I love you.”
At least there's that. Cas decides to pour Dean a dose, suddenly wondering if perhaps Dean shouldn't be left alone with substances and things he could hurt himself with.
Cas has that proud after sex smirk and hair as he kisses up Dean's chest, and then noses his way into Dean's armpit, stopping there to breathe in deeply.
Even though Dean's hand pulls from his dick, Cas shoots a few weak strands of cum up his belly, his dick valiantly trying to follow that friction. Cas' hips and thighs quiver with the pleasure, trying to chase the sensations.
Cas sends him upstairs to change while he orders himself something to eat. Cas leaves the awareness that the house is practically bare of food unspoken.
"Yeah. We've got two bedrooms, one for each of you. We live right by the train, I know I told you that. Not too far from the lake. We could go downtown if you wanted, I know you said there's that bookstore down there that you like."
Dean goes up, climbing up on Cas, all hot-skin and knees and elbows. Their dicks press together at the positioning, Dean's hands balancing on Cas' still clothes shoulders.
Dean makes it hard to pay attention as he leans down and licks over the head of Castiel's dick, his mouth wet with spit. Dean lets spit drip down, chasing it with his lips as he eases down Cas's dick.
Cas isn't even looking at him.
Castiel will always feel more at home in Chicago than anywhere else.
“I just think we’re a good fit. Their dad kinda reminded me of ours,” Dean tells Sam. The way he says this is layered. This isn’t lost on Castiel or Sam.
Not that he really minds getting in trouble with Cas, but for now he wants to hear it from Cas' lips.
There is a long silence.
Cas, oddly, blushes and hides his face in Dean's neck. Usually, Cas is so blunt and unembarrassed, so Dean has to remind himself that he just fucked Cas into the bed while holding down his wrists.
He had ended up in jail with no money to bail himself out, and a court date that kept getting put off. He called Sam and told him to be sure to pay the rent and buy groceries. To call Bobby if there was trouble but not to worry about him, and not to tell anyone where he was.
"Oh yeah. It’s nothing important, I just—" He sighs, his hand going to palm against the back of his neck, "I had a rough day at work."
Could it be a telemarketer? Castiel doesn’t know if he has it in him to speak to a telemarketer.
He starts to move with Cas.
"It would be nice to have a conversation and ask if they want to come live with us," Cas had mused when they first talked about adoption.
"I know this might not make a lot of sense right now, but I want to talk to you about some things," Castiel says.
Fuck, that was good.
Cas is silent for a moment. He’s given up stopping the vines as they creep up his calves.
The thing about taking on Dean Winchester's emotional suffering was that it wasn't so much as the magnitude, but the contents that caused Castiel pain.
Dean is too far gone to really have any sort of power against what Cas is asking, but he trusts him, and quite honestly, he doesn't think Cas wants to hurt him or make him uncomfortable.
Cas chokes on his spit, eyes widening. He has to actively settle his magic now as it sparks up against his skin.
"I wonder if Sam and Eileen are back from Vermont yet." Cas changes the subject, letting Dean know that their talk is done for now. Thank god (though Dean is also a bit disappointed).
He peels his eyes open, and it's Cas. His angel has gotten out the bright green bottle of aloe vera that they keep next to the bed. He's gently rubbing onto Dean.
"Too rough to text me back? You're my fucking husband!" Cas exclaims.
In the morning they awake entangled in each other. Dean feels much better than the day prior, well-rested and calm.
Sam’s posse. Goddamn.
"Can I tell you something about my uh— about my dad?" Dean asks.
Claire has been taking some supplemental classes this summer to make up for the credits she missed when her dad died and they weren't staying somewhere permanent. Dean thinks this is bull— Claire is barely 14! She missed part of 8th fucking grade. So what?
“Oh, I almost forgot,” Dean reaches for the top drawer of the little white wooden desk in the corner of the room, pulling out a sleek box, “This is for you.”
“I know t-that,” Cas whispers.
As a bear, Dean can feel the ins and outs of the magic even more clearly. He is able to almost taste the way it's shifting. It’s not one coherent stream of energy, that is for certain. The guiding part of Dean aches to soothe it, to give it direction. The intent has more potential than anyone Dean has had the pleasure of helping, even as uneasy as it is.
“—About his feelings” Castiel finished.
Claire grins at this.
"Yes?" Cas asks.
"Yeah Cas. Love you too."
"Yes. There's no easy way to ask this, but, has he ever dealt with depression in the past? Before I knew you?"
Dean blinked at that, trying to wrap his brain around it before he was standing up from his chair, obviously set on leaving the conversation behind.
Dean backs away a step, crying openly now, "I'm sorry. I really am sorry. I know I should have stood my ground with Zachariah. I should have worked harder, taken on some extra shifts, seen it coming.
"I am sorry, Dean," Cas whispers.
But when Cas had peered up at Dean to let him see the awe in his own eyes, praise on his lips, Dean's eyes had been shut tight. Cas realized right away that the trembling wasn't the good kind. For whatever reason, Dean was
She tells Dean later that she thinks his background is actually a good one for kids like Claire and Jack, especially since Dean is with Castiel, who had a more stable home life as a kid. She’s confident they will be a good fit.
Cas comes down the stairs a little damp from his recent shower. He’s nice and tan, his dark hair a total mess and his biceps pushing at the sleeves of one of Dean’s shirts.
Dean nods.
“Wanna make you happy,” Dean admits, biting at his lips and looking away.
Sam sounds upset as he speaks, "I know you do, when was that even a question? You're married!"
“What do you mean?” Cas decided to play dumb, perhaps because he was scared to take the plunge, or because he wanted to give Dean an out.
Claire plops to the floor, looking up all around the room happily, “I like this room.”
Dean wordlessly shifts up so his weight is pressing him down into Cas' mouth. Cas uses both hands to hold Dean up and press forward, his stubble scratching deliciously. He licks and sucks into and around Dean's hole like it's what he's meant to be doing. He pauses to spit, slicking his hole with heat.
“Gotta hold on, sweetheart,” Cas presses, hooking Dean’s arms around his neck.
“Let me take care of them?” Cas says casually, but his eyes burn with guilt, and Dean nods without hesitation.
“You don’t have to do that for me. You don’t even know me,” Castiel lies through his discomfort. Even if this familiar is genuinely kindhearted and eager doesn’t mean Castiel wouldn’t possibly hurt him.
"Yes. Actually, I was calling you to ask about Dean quickly."
"Yeah, okay," Dean says, eyes glued to the phone number at the end of the email, "I'll give the agent a call right now."
"You are going to be so good at this, you know that? I have seen you be the most gracious and forgiving person I have ever met. I've seen you around kids and with teenagers occasionally. You do amazing. And I know this feels different, because they're yours now, but you are still going to be amazing."
And even if Dean wasn’t standing up for his own kind, he was also kind of hurt that it had seemed John had picked Sam over Dean.
And maybe, because Dean had been doing so much better mentally, Castiel decided to try to get this thing off his chest.
"Actually," Cas lets out a humorless chuckle, "I just got home. Italy was wonderful, and there aren't even words for Milan's beauty."
The little bits of contact they had allowed one another before are nothing compared to what it feels like to be against Cas. Dean feels Cas instinctively go lax against the warmth and pressure of Dean’s chest. The fizzing of Cas’ energy soothes into an energetic hum. The puffs of fuzz and green seem to swirl lazily about them. The touch is loose, appropriate, but yet intimate enough that they are both red in the face once their emotions settle enough to realize how close they are.
Dean cannot watch it for another second once he realizes the distress this brief exchange has caused Cas. His words cut off, panicking at the sight of his new friend so distraught.
In all honesty, Dean had hoped his new job at SynCorp the last year would have been enough for Cas to be ready, but unfortunately, he wasn't making nearly as much as Cas did.
It's soft and wet and gentle. They breathe into it. They both are slow to pull away.
Cas nods, grabbing Dean's hand, his smile wide, "Dean, this is so exciting!"
Cas studied him. He remembered his frustration with himself about not paying close attention to Dean’s signals and what Sam said about listening, and wonders if perhaps he hadn’t been listening very closely to Dean all along.
"From him kicking you?" Cas questions quietly.
"God, you're gorgeous. My gorgeous Dean."
Cas gathers both of Dean's hands, threading their fingers and pressing his arms into the bed beside them. Dean can do nothing but take it as Cas sets a languid pace, his thrusts never coming all the way out.
Dean nods self-consciously.
“Yeah,” Sam agrees, “Now talk.”
Cas sighs, "I should not tell you."
Dean is overwhelmed with the ability to see the situation for what it is. Dean has been getting bad again, getting confused and self-deprecating and started to hide himself away. Dean knows he used to tend to do this, but ever since Cas, it's seemed so much easier to just be open and honest.
“…Thursday?”
"You should take some of this NyQuil," Cas suggests, grabbing the package and pulling the little kid-safe bottle lid off, "When was the last time you had some?"
, Dean's mind reminds him.
Cas heads to the bathroom to pee, noticing some of Dean's boxers on the floor, and the medicine box pulled out on the counter. The cough syrup bottle is open, and there is a new box of Tylenol on top of their usual first-aid collection.
He doesn't really leave the house much. He goes grocery shopping at the Jewel, but he finds himself eating meals out when he's on his way home or into the office. It's easy to stop for a coffee and bagel or a sandwich when he doesn't have anyone to cook for. Dean goes on a run once, but he isn't feeling much like exercise, and the coolest it has gotten in Chicago in June is around 67 degrees.
"Yeah, okay. Thanks Zach. Sorry," Dean stutters. He can tell he's not all the way there, he's getting lightheaded and he seriously needs to get out of this office right now.
What the fuck?
"Yeah, like that. God, your beautiful. Look good on camera, I’ll bet you look good all spread out for me. Always so fucking hot," Cas moans, obviously jacking himself again too.
It's just as messy as the kitchen, the bed unmade, and clothing scattered throughout the room. There's a half-packed duffle on the floor, Dean's gym bag. Has Dean been going to the gym? Castiel's side of the bed is obviously slept on.
Castiel's hands are on Dean's hips, his fingernails digging in and giving Dean that pain-pleasure wires crossed sensation that he has been jerking off to since he was a teenager.
"Do you need me to come home?" Cas asks suddenly.
"Then what did you mean?"
Dean refuses to become trapped with someone who would stop him. He never takes on a full-time witch or wizard, and promises himself he will never fall in love with one. Dean would rather be a bachelor, with incredible magic one night stands than tie himself to someone who will stop him from channeling magic. Stop him from getting that rush.
Sam’s laugh became a warm smile, “Thanks you guys. I am lucky I have the both of you.”
Cas paused on that.
"Yes Dean," This was the first time Castiel had said these words out loud to Dean, so he treaded lightly, "Your father made choices with how he raised you that are concurrent with emotional abuse. And obviously physically hurting a child is never ok."
Dean thinks for a long moment.
“I think you should go,” Dean said after the long moment. His eyes stayed squeezed shut, his hands clenched into fists at his sides.
He grinds against Dean, mouthing at his ear and breathing out a question, "Would you be comfortable with me fucking you?"
"Without a hand?" Cas asks, a little surprised, his eyes dark.
"Are you in a good place for that?" Cas asks, words careful.
“I’m glad she’s doing better now. The loss of a parent, that shit can overwhelm anyone,” Dean told him.
Cas is quiet for a while.
Either something is wrong, or Cas has figured out he doesn't want to spend his nights in bed with Dean.
Dean coughs rough in the back of his throat. Castiel raises his eyebrows.
Dean knows that it won't take long, hell, just a few good strokes to his cock and he'd probably shoot off and sleep better than he has in months.
Cas had gently eased Dean on top of him. He had been entranced to watch Dean's freckled, tan thighs flex and bend as he slowly eased himself down, trembling. Cas' eyes had been glued to the spot where they were joined, ridiculously intimate slide of skin.
"Got it," He announces, bouncing back into bed and into the frame, "Sorry sir."
Dean sighs, “Fine. Told you mosta this stuff already though. I had to lay all those people off at my old job, and then Zach fired me, you know? I was just trying to find something else, so I wasn’t unemployed again when Cas got home.”
Dean could never forget that one. He had been in tears, head spinning from lack of air, choking around Cas' dick while Cas came down his throat and the only thing that Dean could think was how much he liked it. Dean swallows a little and nods to Cas again.
Cas hums his approval and lifts Dean from the wall, hands under his ass. He walks them the short distance to the bed, post orgasm clarity making him think of all the things he needs to get to take care of Dean.
Warmth radiates from Dean in a way that's a little fever fueled, but Cas soaks it up like it's heaven. Dean smells like home, all sweat and clove soap and the basil of their Mrs. Meyer's disinfectant spray. Cas thinks, not unkindly, that he should get Dean into the shower. His breath fans across Cas' face and tangs vaguely of morning breath and cough syrup. Cas reminds himself that this smell is a sign of his ability to take care of Dean, however small the act of getting medicine in him may be.
“Unfortunately. Her mom had seasonal, but Anna really had a hard time with it. I always try to do as much as I can, but sometimes… I can’t even tell what’s really going on, much less figure out how to help her.”
Dean wavers. It’s Sammy. Dean tells Sammy more than anyone.
“Magic reflects your personality, Castiel. If you cannot succeed in controlling it, you may not be a good fit for running the apothecary,” Naomi would say gently, using her own calm energy to fizz out the sparks that had been rushing about Castiel in discomfort and skittishness. Castiel had just continued to stare at the shattered glass bottles he had sitting on the workbench in front of him.
Dean wasn’t looking at him. Castiel honestly didn't blame him. He was a little surprised when he heard Dean speak, “Cas— I don’t know if I can hear this.”
Dean hooks his hand on Cas' thigh just under his knee. He angles Cas' hips up so that he can get his hips just under— a little higher— there. Dean eases back and uses his other hand to scratch down Cas' left nipple harshly. He digs in his nail and then does his best to tease it with his thumb and forefinger, pulling a gentle moan from Cas.
"Can I try something else?"
"I wonder if maybe we could have ended up with someone good like me and Cas," Dean wonders aloud.
Cas coughs, “Balthazar?”
Pretty quickly, Cas has his fingers gripping in Dean's hair. Dean is really going to town, hollowing his cheeks and bobbing his head like he is in a hurry. Encouraging Cas to choke him with it— something which they are usually more careful about. Cas isn't the one that gets off on Dean choking either, really. Dean kinda likes how it degrades him though, so sometimes Cas will allow it.
And when Dean grumbled about Sam not pursuing a woman because he didn't want to risk her getting hurt, Cas spoke up again.
He’s so fucking happy.
Cas is stern when he speaks, "I am going to be careful with you, whether you think it is needed or not. I didn't think it was up to you to call the shots."
Dean would usually park in the garage but seeing as they've got a couple of bikes strapped to the top of his car and tons of shit to unload, he decides to park on the street for a little while.
He's glowing with I-did-good-today, and no one even has to tell him— Dean just knows he’s been doing great work, which is rare.
Cas shivers, leaning into Dean's touch like he's worried its going out go style.
Dean nods slowly, "But it would be worth it."
Dean is sick.
“Cas?” Dean asked.
Cas pistons his hips, lifting out and pushing in, their stomachs and hips and balls coming together wetly.
Cas kisses up Dean's body, sinking down on him with a thigh pressed between his legs. He hums sweetly, recognizes and pushes past Dean's insecurities, kissing him deep like it's love.
When they were looking for a new place, Dean insisted that he had to help because they had separate finances, and it was ridiculous for Cas to pay for the whole place that they both were going to live in. Cas had listened, and the next week, he had proposed to Dean on the Chicago riverwalk. Cheesy, Dean will admit, but at least Cas didn't do it on a boat.
"That's fine, I've probably had worse," Dean glanced up half-heartedly, an eyebrow quirked but barely caring.
The sound of the doorbell breaks their standoff. Cas sits up slowly, pulling himself from the bed to run and get whatever food he's ordered for himself off the nearby Grub-hub suggestions.
Dean nuzzles his nose into Cas’ neck, “I’m awesome. I fucking needed that.”
His first instinct was to leave. It was ingrained in Angels to want to leave when there was danger or uncertainty. They are taught to scatter when things go wrong-- to tuck their wings and hide to prevent damage. That was how Castiel knew to protect himself. But he also knew the sharp tug that his heartfelt when he worked through Dean’s feelings about being left.
Dean laughs, "That's good to hear. Did you tell Jack already, or do we get to surprise him?"
The pain-pleasures all at once feeling has Dean closer than he thought possible.
Cas' brain registers Dean's words and he shoots back, holding Dean steady and looking up at him, "Yes Dean? Is everything alright?"
Dean looks towards Cas and meets his gaze— something in Castiel’s eyes seems to shake Dean out of his haze.
"Yeah, Cas, I know. Thank you, I appreciate it, but I'm doing fine," Dean deflects. He can't let Cas know that things aren't going as planned.
They go to bed early. Dean isn't up for leaving the house, and Cas is still jet lagged. Dean is much better, from what Castiel can see. He's still running a bit of a fever, and he seems exhausted, but Cas isn't worried about him collapsing anymore. He's quiet though. Even though they've talked about things some, Dean is subdued, careful to accept touches rather than give, and only speak when he's needed to.
Cas looks confused and hurt, but strangely knowing, looking at Dean like he knows Dean is a fuck up already, "What do you mean?"
Dean takes a new job, starting in two weeks. The one with good family benefits, a similar salary. Time off is pretty gracious because they're a well-established non-profit.
"You do. At the very least, stay here."
Cas considers, "On the bed on your sto..." His words falter as he sees the disappointment in Dean's eyes.
Dean lit up Lebanon himself. He tapped the wheel of his car with the beat of whatever song he had put on — “Ted Nugent, Cas, the dude is a LEGEND” — and took the curves to the highway with sparkling eyes.
Dean nods shyly.
Dean goes to a salad place for lunch. He stares out at the street. He feels sick.
"Sometimes people with depression struggle to
"On the couch," Dean says lowly.
Dean secretly feels weirdly proud as they switch their healthcare provider to his company's. Even if Castiel makes more money, it's Dean's job that has the benefits. He may not have a fancy degree, but in this way, he can provide for his husband. Castiel doesn't seem to exactly catch on to this, but he is excited by the prospect of their health insurance covering all of their dentist appointments in full. Cas happily informs Dean that the plan covers therapy as well.
"Hey! Cas, what's up?" Sam asks, his voice sounding like sunshine. Cas has always loved Sam.
He's asleep on the couch in their small nook room, wrapped in two or three blankets, the topmost being the quilt his grandmother had made them for their wedding.
“Sam?” He approached him as he was sitting at the War Table eating a post-run breakfast. Dean had gone over the weekend to deliver some ingredients to Jody, who was trying to untangle a witch mess that Claire and Kaia had gotten themselves into.
He's obviously still healthy, nothing to be worried about. Just a bit jarring to notice a change in how he appears physically.
"Why do you think that you are in charge of choosing what you deserve from me?" Cas grumbles, "Is that not my prerogative?"
His manager smiles and gives him a mini lecture on preventing work-place burnout and creating jobs that are fulfilling to the employee. She also tells him that she'll look into getting a parking pass for the Impala so Dean doesn't have to take the bus.
“That’s quite alright Dean. I’ve come to terms with it,” Cas placates, “How is your relationship with your family?”
"Would you ever hurt a child?" Castiel asked slowly.
Dean feels like shit, so he calls Cas after work on the walk home.
Castiel didn’t come around until the next Tuesday when Sam called him for a case that he found in Ashland, Illinois.
"Can I touch you?" Cas asks.
Dean made eye contact with Cas, his mouth agape.
Dean pouts, "That doesn't mean I can't be horny now too. Especially when you look like that."
“Mmm. That does sound like a good idea,” Cas teases, rising at Dean’s insistence and gathering his thighs to press him against the wall. Cas wipes his wet face at the back of his elbow and surges forward to kiss Dean.
Really, what was the worst that happened? Cas had known that his feelings for Dean Winchester went beyond his feelings for any other human being from the moment he laid eyes on him. Of course, he hadn’t equated these feelings for human love until much later. As an angel, Dean’s soul was the most intriguing thing he had ever encountered. Almost magnetic, and apparently only to Castiel. Other angels had frowned upon the obsession that Cas developed. In hindsight, Cas understood why Dean and Sam had been directly avoiding following the apocalypse plan intended by God for humanity. That didn’t bode well for any of the heavenly hosts. After running from heaven however, and spending some time as a human, Castiel was almost embarrassed to recognize how much he loved Dean. He was blind to all other joys when Dean was in the room. He was careless with his actions, with his desires. There was something about being in proximity with the righteous man’s soul that made Castiel utterly weak in the knees. That was undoubtedly the reason that Cas was aching to clear up the muck too: there was really nothing like being able to bask in the light of Dean’s soul without anything between them.
Claire looks like she might complain but decides against it and heads to get Cas’ keys.
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, shrugging, grabbing for his bag and getting out of the Impala. He slams the door roughly behind him, flipping his Dad the bird.
They turn onto the long winding road through the woods as John speaks, “Nothing.”
The bear moves closer to Castiel, padding cautiously into his space. Cas watches the animal carefully, wondering how they even came across him this far away from anything else. The bear rises up to its hind legs, suddenly becoming a much more imposing form than it had been before.
Cas has to shake his head to clear it. He cannot help but feel his lips pull up in a smile of disbelief at Dean’s statement.
Well. That could have gone better.
He was so certain that Cas was going to, at the very least, kick him out that he's not sure what to do now that he's been fed and cuddled and sent to shower.
"You know what I mean," Dean mumbles, looking away.
“Sam, I am afraid I haven’t been very… forthcoming with Dean. It hurts me, deeply, to understand that some of the guilt, the blame, revolves around disappointing me. I need to explain to him what he means to me,” Cas took a deep breath, trying to tell himself that it was going to be okay, that Sam would understand, “Sam, I— I love Dean.”
“Well, at the same time, I chose to— well I— I decided to clear up some of the cloudiness in your head,” Cas spit it out.
"At the bottom of the ladder? Oh, I'm sorry I'm not the fucking CEO at 28!" Dean's tone is mocking.
He looks exhausted, but he's turned towards their bedroom door, like he's guarding, worried over Dean. Dean's chest feels warm with relief— Cas is here to stay.
"Listen, I gotta go, okay? Seriously, this dude is glaring at me because I'm on the phone, I've gotta go," Dean lies again.
John barks, “I know it’s not up to you, this isn’t about you, it’s about—”
They're almost there. On their way to a crescendo. Dean's hands are wrapped around Castiel's thighs, holding his legs up and wide so he can dig his nails in tight.
Cas laughs now, setting his fork down, "No. They offered me the whole account if I can get it running. It would be three months, but potentially a double to my salary."
“Your homemade wine? That stuff is too sweet for me, Castiel, your mother had a bottle last Christmas— oh, here I’ve got to go, talk soon, I’ll see you tomorrow,” Balthazar says, “Bye-bye, Castiel!”
Dean will get back into bed and they might talk for a couple of minutes, but mostly they'll settle so Cas can run his hand through Dean's hair sleepily until they both finally pass out.
"Could I— Can I hold you?" Cas asks carefully.
"Do you want to talk about it?" Cas asks, gently.
Cas gets up on his knees behind Dean again and drapes himself over Dean, their bodies pressed together hot in a way that startles Dean's brain. He gasps a little.
"God you're perfect. Are you ok?" Cas asks.
He doesn't know how to talk to Cas without feeling like he's hiding shit from him. Dean thinks that Cas will know immediately when he sees his face. Cas will be able to tell that Dean's an idiot— that he's fucked things up.
Cas promptly took Dean's hips and guided him away, rolling them to their sides, face to face.
Plan ahead. Cas' breathing has slowed down. Dean keeps talking.
“You know that, right?” Sam repeated slowly.
"Hello Sam," Cas greets.
Cas nuzzles his hair and scolds, "Still a sexual encounter? Still a reason to communicate."
Claire continues to frown but she does seem to back down some.
Cas sucks Dean's come off his fingertips without a single beat of hesitation, pressing their sticky chests together as the action has him hurtling to the edge. He comes, thrusting into Dean and growling out against his neck, teeth biting down a little.
"What is going on?" Castiel asks him.
“They found a couple of siblings from the westside. Claire and Jack,” Dean says.
"Dean," Cas interrupted, "I only want you to tell me what you feel like talking about. I just need to know what boundaries I crossed and if there are others so what happened last night does not happen again."
"Okay, yeah. I can do that. Let me know if you need anything. I'll keep checking in," Dean reassures.
Cas nodded, but stayed quiet.
Sam takes off Sunday evening, which is good because both Cas and Dean have to be up for work rather early on Monday morning.
After a few days, Dean gets fucking tired of eating take-out and Cas' sub-par cooking ("No offense, Cas.") He announces he will be cooking dinner. He actually feels like he wants to do it— he is looking forward to doing something other than laying around: like he finally has energy again.
How he'll never be able to tell Sam about it. How stupid Dean has been.
Sam sighs, puppy eyes still shining, “It’ll be good enough when you start believing in how great you are.”
Dean loves to close his eyes and feel all the energies around him, swirling and leaping, colorful until he opens his eyes. He loves to reach for them and grasp on tight, feeling the intent all around him and guiding it along its path or stopping it up. Dean has always had a natural knack for being a keeper of intent. He spent much of his young education in a familiar guild after his parents discovered that he was orienting intention in his favor at preschool. Dean had ended up hogging the dump trucks without another student ever getting as far as thinking about asking for a turn. It was then that people began to recognize what a powerful familiar Dean was.
Dean, which made Dean feel all fuzzy inside.
Cas settles at this, nodding. Of course, Castiel has no obligation to let this man anywhere near his home. No one new ever has to see the mess that Cas has made of his little life in the woods. No one except…
p.s. if you wanna feel fucked up while reading this section, loop Bon Iver’s “Babys” and read! That’s what I listened to while I wrote!
He goes to their room to find his phone. He needs to check it. He doesn't want to, but he should.
“Not even someone to help out on days like these? The garden looks fucking amazing now, I can’t believe what a little bit of magic did to the place. Not that it wasn’t gorgeous before,” Dean plows on.
“Uh,” Cas says into the receiver. He fidgets with the cord of the phone.
Dean wants to get siblings. Get them out of a bad spot and into a better home where they can go to a stable school and ask him stupid kid questions and argue with him without being afraid he'll hit them.
But, a peak of his eye and a quick bit of magic reaching else quickly tells him otherwise.
"Well, he's in the shower right now," Cas says hesitantly, "But I have become... concerned."
Even after being naturally gifted, and a high achieving familiar, just like his mother, John seemed to care less.
Cas had never had the desire to call Dean a slut in bed, and he didn't see that changing anytime soon. He told Dean, "Of course not. If I ever say something that makes you feel that way, say the word and I will stop."
Wanting to have something to do, Cas busies himself with sucking a mark at Dean's collarbone. He only pulls away to whimper, "Close."
Castiel decides that's better than nothing.
"I'm sorry, okay? It's been a bad week, I've been fucking busy," Dean barks.
A few punches or kicks, occasionally. Nothing mentionable.
Cas' eyes are watery when he pulls his hands away from his face. Dean's heart aches— he never wants to see his husband cry. It hurts ever fucking time.
Those summers were some of the best of Dean’s life. Sam got an internship or a job. He and Cas were still in the honeymoon period where looking into each other’s eyes for an extended period felt like a very good idea. They spent lots of evenings down at the lake eating takeout and jumping off the retaining wall. They had too many noodles in Chinatown and tried as many different bars as their wallets could handle. Cas and Dean had gone to Chicago’s pride in Boystown. Sam wore a tutu willingly, which Dean will never let him live down.
He likes the fact that the guy he's working with, Benny, is friendly and easy-going. Benny consistently tells Dean when Dean is doing things correctly. He observes when Dean goes above and beyond and thanks to Dean for working hard.
Cas looks up fearfully to where Dean's face is, but finds Dean's eyes looking back, dark and wide, lip bit. He realizes suddenly that the jerk of hips was less about getting away from the pain, and more about Dean grinding his dick into the mattress.
Castiel’s brows pull together, “Some help?”
Another pause.
"I know."
Cas wondered when he started referring to him and Dean as a “we” as well.
Dean gets up near him, gripping his forearms, "No, no Cas. I want to be here, I swear to you. I just—I'm not sure you'll want me to be after you hear."
"C-can I come? Sir?" Dean asks. He's in the habit of asking early just in case. If he doesn't ask, he'll end up coming without permission and getting in trouble.
"Stop, Dean," Cas' words are sharp and loud. He has growled them out, stilling against Dean's body.
Plus, he's being stubborn because a big part of him thinks Cas is right.
He wants to get back to their usual dynamic, of course. That's not even a question. He just feels strange with the idea of shifting back into a power dynamic that requires so much trust when Dean is feeling like he can't trust anything right now.
Okay, he can do this.
No one would know if Dean let Sam hug him for a little while.
Apparently the conversation with Eileen hadn’t gone as planned. Instead of Sam’s intended, “I like you, but this relationship is too dangerous for both of us”, it had gone down more like “I am in love with you, and I am willing to put everything on the line to even consider an ‘us”.
Before he can figure out what to do with the bag, Cas is coming into their room with a stack of blankets and the bottle of NyQuil.
“You aren’t technically supposed to ride your bikes on the sidewalks, you know,” Dean teases.
Dean fidgeted when Castiel had prompted him to explain, but agreed that they needed to talk about it. Cas was not comfortable to proceed with anything unless Dean would be clear about what might make him freeze up.
“I was wondering,” Sam says carefully, “Would you guys think it was weird if I proposed to Jess and Gabe?”
Dean is crazy invested all day. He works quick and smart. He catches errors he was struggling to find in minutes and bangs out a whole three-day project in a couple of hours. He shoots out some emails to potential connections that he's been thinking about— and actually receives an interested response!
It was just after they had started having penetrative sex. It had taken a long time for them to get comfortable with it, Dean especially. After years of random one night stands, Dean's experience with relationships with open communication was limited. They had moved slowly, giving them both time to feel out what had developed between them. But they had eventually gotten there, and Cas thought they were on the same page.
Whether he is comfortable with it or not, Dean knows this is the kind of love he’s been feeling—the one that Castiel had coined for him, had explained.
He asks himself.
“But don’t you— I don’t know— ever think about more?” Dean asked suddenly.
And Dean didn’t know then, but now that he’s had time to look back, he realizes that the love he was giving did not have any requirements. It was some sort of pure form of love that helped him to get through all of the shit that happened. To love his dad with all of his heart even as his dad fell apart. To love his life with everything, even when he was aware there were better ways to live.
Dean scoffs, "Things were fine. That's no fucking excuse. I should have told you."
"Are you sure you wanna be talking about stuff right now?" Dean asks carefully.
"I've been lying about what's been going on around here."
"Good. We can talk more about it once we're home."
Dean hauls ass at work during the day, and then works more at night to avoid thinking about the fact that he's alone. He's doing great at work, one of his superiors told him he had an obvious depth of thinking and detail. Usually, Dean is pressed to reach week-end checkpoints on a few of his projects, but now he's sort of done with his checkpoints by Wednesday and has another project for Friday.
Dean thinks about whipping up these incredible fish tacos that he had made a few times before Cas took off for Italy. He starts to get the fish defrosted while he instructs Cas to get the charger for his computer and find the recipe.
Cas uses his free arm to guide Dean so they can breathe fresh air, Dean's face tucked over Cas' shoulder and his torso getting closer. Cas gently slides a leg towards Dean, one of his feet easily brushing against the cloth of his sweatpants.
"I am not aroused by you in pain, Dean. Unless it is pain that you enjoy," Cas tells him once he pulls away, "Frankly, I am more worried about what your actions say about how you are feeling and your blatant disregard for your own boundaries."
Dean put his head in his hands.
Dean has to shake his head. What the fuck? This person is clearly in a state of disarray, and here’s Dean, half hard on the side of a road imagining fucking someone he’s never even met. Someone who’s age, gender, and sexuality he hasn’t the faintest inkling of.
Dean reads through the email with the openings as he puts water and instant oatmeal in a bowl. He sets it to spin in the microwave and wonders if he needs to update his resume since the last time he was searching.
Castiel kisses at his neck gently, as if aware that Dean is slipping in such a good way.
Dean realized then that Sam knew.
“Not yet,” Sam informed him, “but there are two bags of meatballs in the freezer!”
Dean's brain sort of— clicks. Cas is having trouble with mental health issues right here right now. Just like Dean has had trouble with some things lately, Cas also struggles.
Cas hums, "Did you ask him about the adoption stuff?"
Cas sucks in air when Dean squeezes his hand a little, sensing Castiel’s nerves and reaching out for Castiel’s magic invitingly. Dean is opening up for Castiel to slip and slide right into that link that they have already begun to create without contact.
Sammy tells Dean he's in a poly relationship, and Dean, while confused about how that's different than a threesome, is supportive.
He peaks into their back room almost as an afterthought, glancing at the couch before he plans to grab his phone and call Dean to find out what the hell is happening.
Sam blushes as he says this. Dean might not still totally get how exactly the dynamics work for a group of three, but he can tell Sam is so happy.
Cas laughs at him, slapping a hand across Dean’s ass.
"I should have asked first," Cas chides himself again.
Dean takes a deep breath.
Dean is kind of floored for a moment.
Dean feels a pang if guilt. Yeah. That does sound very stressful. Dean knows that if he and Sammy were on the brink of getting separated he would be a basket case.
Castiel stares.
Dean nods without question. He reaches up, picking at the button on Cas' jeans and then easing down the zipper. Cas scoots so Dean can pull his jeans down to his knees. Dean doesn't go for Cas' boxers yet, leaning forward to nose at his cock. His lips part to mouth down at the base, where Cas is sure he smells of sweat. He's been wearing these boxers all day. Dean makes eye contact, holding it as he waits for Cas to correct Dean's behavior.
He looks through notifications on his way to the kitchen.
"Yes?"
"I could've taken it. I prepped," Dean argues.
Dean thinks for a moment, "We texted the other day. Think the last time we called was a couple weeks ago."
He heads upstairs to find Dean wavering at the foot of the bed, his hands tangled in the fabric of his shirt like he can't decide whether he wants to take it off. He's in his boxers now, Castiel notes, to his happiness. Hopefully, Dean can get back to being comfortable around him.
Dean doesn't even go for lube or ask Cas' to get some fingers wet or anything, he just grabs Cas' hips and moves him up the bed. He positions himself up above Cas's cock on his knees and —
But now he observes how slim his body has gotten, how pale he is.
He scoops his hands around Cas' sweaty lower back and gently hefts him up the bed so that Cas' head is resting on one of their feather pillows. Dean climbs up between Cas' still twitching thighs and lets his weight slowly melt down onto Cas. He pins him down so he's warm and grounded and surrounded by the smell-feel of Dean's skin.
He double-checks that the lube he has isn't the one that he hates having in his mouth. Cas doesn't love the flavor of lube most of the time and he likes having access to wherever he wants to put his mouth. This brand is one of the few that doesn't bother him—but also is one they shouldn't use when they're using silicone toys.
Castiel knows he’s strong— that’s the problem. His magic is skittish and powerful at the same time, a recipe for disaster.
“I am glad they’re a little older. That way they can agree to live with us and understand why it’s happening,” Cas tells them.
And because Dean is an over-indulgent lover, and knows exactly what buttons push Cas into a writhing mess, he presses his palm to the head of Cas' softening cock and grinds down onto it.
"You've gotten me off to a good start of the day," Cas informs him.
“Cas,” Dean said hoarsely, cutting him off, his eyes closed, refusing to meet Cas’, even as Cas held his chin, “Don’t. I can’t. Please—“
"My superior asked me to," Dean says.
Cas shakes his head, still trying to breathe. Dean already knows why, really. Dean's been so worried about whether Cas wanted this, whether Cas would stay that he's essentially shut down Cas' place to talk this stuff through with Dean. That's what usually helps, going through the steps with someone else.
Dean lets out a moan. The new position puts him face down on the bed, even further exposed so Cas can reach everything better. The manhandling shoots little tingles up his spine. He struggles at the ties a little to try and readjust but finds that he's completely at Cas' mercy, which is hot in itself.
Cas chuckles, “You did very well. Are you sore?”
“Cas, I know. I think maybe I have known longer than you have.” Sam finally said.
This makes Cas tut, "You're going to be needing that. Be my good boy and find some?"
Jack is so sweet. He's got the same blue eyes as his sister, but his are bright with curiosity and a little clueless. Dean and Cas can tell that Claire has done a good job of keeping her brother out of harm's way. He is interested in hearing about Castiel's time in Italy, telling Cas that he had to do a bunch of research on culture there for a school project. Castiel tells him about the things he had seen, and Jack lights up with the realization that he had researched the exact same monuments.
He shoots Sam a text to let him know that Dean is alright. Cas types "Therapists Chicago" into the search box.
"The blue one?"
He feels himself pulled onto his stomach and onto a warm chest which defiantly helps the sting of his butt. He snuggles down and lets himself drift a little.
Dean has to remind himself to grab the soap and start scrubbing. Even a fucking shower feels like work. Dean can't imagine willingly fussing in the shower like Cas sometimes does with him. How had Dean ever had the energy for face wash and shaving foam and soaping up both him and Cas is beyond him. Every breath feels like work right now.
Dean realizes suddenly that maybe he's a little bit fucked up in the head.
Dean was silent for a moment. And then he bit the bullet, “I fucked up Sammy. Bad. We tried to talk and things got out of hand and I pushed him away again.”
"Look at you, sweet boy," Cas murmurs, watching Dean fall apart.
Dean just nods at this, lip quivering, looking angry and afraid at the same time.
Dean looks up from his knife, "What's up?"
Dean considers this, face still gently leaned on Cas', "That's why I should be thinkin' about it though. You take care of me, I take care of you."
"Good."
Castiel is, for the lack of a better word, fucked.
Cas stares. Then he backs off, nodding slightly, "Ok."
His manager reminds him that he doesn't need to be working through the tasks as quickly as he has been. She tells Dean his work has been exemplary so far and asks how he would feel about taking some online certification courses so he can be more hands on. It’s the first time Dean has ever been spoken to about not over-working himself by someone within a job.
Sam looked over, “Dean.”
Cas isn't even sure what exactly to do with this information— but he is certain that it makes his chest squeeze painfully. He bites a lip to stop a little noise of discontentment, leaning forward to wrap Dean in a brief hug.
Cas makes a noise of disapproval.
"Why was that
In the brief glimpse that Cas gets, Dean's bare chest is slim and freckled. His shoulders curl forward as he nervously hikes the blankets up over them, putting his chest back down on Cas' so he can't get a good look. Castiel doesn't miss the way Dean is quivering. From exactly what, he does not know.
Cas laughs, “I don’t think you’ll be upset, this is kind of a present for all of us.”
Dean pulls his elbows up to give Cas better access. As weird as this would feel normally, Cas is definitely too spacey to care, and Dean can't help himself but give Cas whatever he wants.
Castiel nodded in agreement, “I am beginning to think so.”
"I like that you're leaving a mark on me."
Sam walks in with a beat up suitcase and a brown paper bag with their favorite bagel sandwiches from Chicago Bagel Authority. He squeezes them both in hugs that last way too long and gets his coffee mug out of the cabinet to join them.
“It’s not about me? Like hell, it’s not about me. You can’t have one nice thing to say about my job, you just get all judgmental and hateful when I’m the best damn familiar they’ve got, the best one in the fucking region, you know that?"
Dean stills, frozen under Cas.
"You look cozy. In bed so early?" Cas asks.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks him.
Something is... wrong here.
"You won't need it," Zachariah tells him, turning on his heel and heading into his private office.
"Gross," Dean says, but without much force.
Dean starts at the top, pushing over the head slowly to make that same, delicious sensation that he knows comes when you ease your cock through the first ring of muscle. Then he completes the thrust rough, sliding down Cas' length and back up to under the head quickly. Cas' hips jerk each time Dean pushes down over the head.
Dean frowns, thinking of the half-packed bag on the floor of their room and whispers, "I'm okay, Cas."
What the hell is Dean supposed to tell Cas?
Dean reaches out and finds a river off to the left side of the road. It’s significant enough that it's rushing with water, bubbling over rocks and fallen trees. He can sense critters along the river and above in the branches.
The rushing feeling that connecting with Dean brings sort of becomes hazy when they push the magic out with more intent. Without the feedback loop of energy getting trapped, Castiel actually decides it doesn’t feel so dangerous.
Cas jerks and fucks, his body exhausted as Dean now.
Dean eyes him warily, his protective instinct still aware that Cas is vulnerable in more ways than one right now. Cas settles to sit on Dean's hips, and slowly presses his lips along Dean's chest, licking frequently like he's trying different spots for their taste.
"Like that Dean. You've already been doing this some." Cas tells him.
"It was tough, Cas. I was trying to keep it together. I was trying to get so when you got home, I'd have it all together, be perfect for you. Trying to haul ass at work too."
Castiel freezes. The crystals he was carefully putting in place fall back to the ground, and the movement of his plants shutters to a halt. Castiel stops and gazes apprehensively at the person before him.
in advance. And, to top it all off, the blame sort of falls on Dean because he is the project manager.
He does about twenty-five sit-ups before his head starts to spin— jeez, he must be doing worse than he thought.
“Did you buy ground beef?”
Castiel had applied— he was coming to Chicago for a two-year graduate program at the University of Chicago, and money was tight, seeing as he had spent the last few years with the peace core. The guy had rent money though, so Dean had set up a time for the two of them to grab lunch.
Dean chews his lip, thinking, "I still feel like I lied to you a lot here. I don't deserve you to be so forgiving to that."
"I'm good Cas," Dean tells him.
"Uh," Sam sounds a bit resigned now, "I mean, not in so many words. But probably, yeah."
Cas laughs, "Yes we do. Coffee first?"
Cas kisses his chest gently, like they've got all sorts of time, and this isn't one of their last days to see each-other for fourteen weeks. He lets his fingers touch and roam over Dean, feeling the way his skin rises and falls, the sturdiness of his muscles, and the slight squish of his stomach.
“It’s safer to be well regulated,” John argues.
"Know what?" Dean presses.
Dean smiles, "That's all I ask. It's an option. Now, let's check out the tornado exhibit before Cas makes us look at plants or something stupid."
"Sounds like it’s going to be awesome," Dean says, "I'm excited that things are going well."
Dean has three job interviews. He gets two offers. He has to sit down and do the math for his now three offers. He compares benefits and salaries and commute times and time off. Cas and he discuss it. Dean can hardly believe he's wanted in one position, much less three. Two of them are salaried higher than SynCorp, and the last has such good family health benefits and retirement matching that the similar salary doesn't even phase him.
"Tired?" Cas tries.
Castiel could not decide when to bring this up to Dean.
Dean has to put his head between his knees for a few long minutes to get his breathing to even out.
Dean has got his fingers just touching his dick lazily, so yeah. He hopes this is phone sex. He makes a noise of ascent.
Since Dean’s favorite food is burgers, and it is Dean’s conjecture that his own burgers are the best that he has ever tasted, Dean is on grill duty for the evening. Meaning he needs burgers for him and Cas, the kids
Laura's eyebrows rise and she straightens up, considering. Then she speaks, "Should you have said something? Yes. Did you choose wrong? I don't think it really matters, Dean. You definitely are not fucked up, neither is Sam. And even if you were, you weren't the person calling the shots. You were a child."
Dean frowns, “You weren’t supposed to get me anything. I thought we agreed not to do gifts for birthdays.”
Dean's new job has been going very well. They are a non-profit agency that does work for other non-profits. He likes the fact that they have clients much as they did at his previous job. He likes the fact that they are working for a variety of different organizations that are trying to do good in different ways.
Dean wonders why he never notices when he starts to spiral— why it all seems so obvious and truthful and clear one moment, and then shockingly unfair to himself seconds later.
Cas suddenly is pitched back to a phone conversation he remembers vaguely where he had been encouraging Dean to get outside to exercise more. He remembers what Dean said earlier, about
Dean's sure that Castiel can see the hesitation in his face, the way that Dean begrudgingly is allowing Cas to start to move him to the rhythm of the music.
Castiel suddenly realizes he is right on the edge of an orgasm. It is rushing at him with surprising gusto. Cas has to let go of one of Dean’s hips to get a hand around the base of his cock—but in the process some of Dean’s weight shifts to the left cuff that is holding Dean to the bar. To catch the weight, Cas steps forward into his next thrust, pinning Dean roughly to the wall and slamming into his prostate off rhythm.
Dean sighs. It's easier to talk when he's faced away from Cas, doesn't have to school his expressions or see Cas'.
“I guess I— I don’t give myself enough credit, do I?” Castiel said nervously.
"Y-yeah," Dean chokes out, his cheeks pink.
So Dean is, frankly, surprised when Castiel brings it up while they're in the Impala.
Dean walked slowly back into the Bunker’s kitchen, where Cas stood, still finishing up drying the dishes from dinner. It had been Dean’s night to cook, and Cas’ night for dishes, leaving Sam some alone time.
Cas finally calls two days later. Dean is just waking up on a Saturday. He picks up the phone with a:
Slowly, so maddeningly gently opening Dean up with his grace and his fingertips and then fucking into Dean without an ounce of self-control. Reducing Dean to a point where he cannot speak. Taking his time to appreciate how Dean’s soul would flutter under the pleasure and under the praise that Cas would undoubtedly give.
"I may have already told him," Claire says sheepishly.
Cas is trying to pull Dean into a hug, but Dean pulls back, panicking, "No!"
"That's okay. We're still gonna come up this weekend. If you guys wanted to, uh, pack some bags we could bring them back," Dean says.
"Anyways, I had some guy over in my motel, I dunno why I thought it was a good idea, I had shot dad a text with my motel number so he could find me when he got back to Iowa," Dean shook his head, remembering.
Cas is pressing in, face to face with Dean before Dean can even process their change in position.
At the same time, Dean is unwell. His eyes are dark, and his lips chapped. Is he thinner? Cas can feel how Dean is small under his thick clothes, his collarbone visible from the loose hoodie and his waist tiny where Cas is pressed to him. Dean has always been slim, but this seems like it is more than usual. Cas can't really tell under the clothes though.
"Figured he'd call you," Dean admits.
“Fourteen and nine. Wow, you guys, those are not little kids,” Sam says, looking like he’s got questions.
The shit part was that her daughter was taking it so hard. While Cas questioned Lauren’s husband, Joey, Dean became aware that their only child, a 16 year old named Annabell, was not doing too hot.
"Tell me what you're doing," Cas requests.
“Cas wasn’t supposed to tell you that,” Dean groans, but he knows the cat is so far out of the bag.
Eventually, Cas brings his hands up to Dean's cheeks and forces Dean to pull away. Cas can't bring himself to break the kiss himself, so he moves Dean where he needs him, "Dean," he breathes.
He plops at his desks, greets his team and gets to work.
He pokes at his tummy gently and feels something like nausea start to swell up in him.
Hi guys! Thank you for reading, this seriously took so much sweat and tears. I hope you liked it, that you are doing well. Let me know what you thought.
“Cas, fuck, I had no idea that you actually had to go through that shit. I thought you just— I don’t know what I thought exactly, but not that.” Dean was upset. Cas could hear the doubts in Dean’s head now. He remembered how Dean regretted just leaving Cas there. How he ached to apologize, how he often thought back to the fear in Cas’ eyes just after Cas took on Lucifer’s hallucinations from Sam.
"Did you know?"
Sam frowns, “Castiel called me asking for help, Dean.”
Dean starts to fuck down faster as he gets closer, and then, "Cas, I'm gonna. Cas if you don't stop I'm gonna—"
Castiel almost laughs until he sees Dean's insecure expression.
Cas’ thrusts slow as they come down, just lazy rolls of hips to feel where Dean is now sloppy wet. He uses where he has Dean pinned to hold him while he reaches up and frees Dean’s hands. He checks both wrists, then eases his arms down to prevent the shock of blood rushing into them.
Dean will forever wonder how something that sounds so much like porn dialogue can become poetry on his husband's lips.
"You— god, I missed you," Cas says, his voice full of something that Dean isn't quiet able to pin down.
Castiel knows he has always been a mature person. He tries not to say this, because he thinks that calling yourself mature is something only an immature person would do.
“Noo,” Dean slurs, “Don’t apologize. Liked it.”
Dean makes a small noise in agreement.
Dean's lips were parted in surprise and wonder, and Castiel had to shake his head and blink to get his own attention away from that part of Dean's body.
Dean will never claim that Sam only loves him out of convivence, or that the people who have shown him kindness did so only for their own gain. But the starkness of how Castiel has loved Dean, and been so vocal about it, had flipped Dean’s life up on end.
It's several long minutes, and Dean's almost asleep when Cas speaks,
“Yeah. He had sorta been lying to me. He did like this weird emotional vacuum shit, and I got all pissed that he had been fucking around in my head. You know how he dealt with your Lucifer hallucinations?”
"I can't believe this is happening," He says, all low and gravely.
Dean leaves the tent with a flap of canvas.
“What’s going on Dean? Is this about Cas?” Sam questioned.
Dean grips Castiel's hand himself, "And if that makes me weaker than I used to be, then I just don't really care."
"I'll text or call every day," Cas says, and it's pleading, so Dean knows there's still some guilt that Cas is harboring about the whole situation.
Cas swears he can see glitz sparkle from Dean’s every movement as he nods eagerly.
“Yeah well, he decided to try and vacuum up all of my shitty emotions too and deal with them himself,” Dean informed Sam.
“Do you want to see pictures?” He asks Sam.
Castiel’s phone rings. The violence of the ring makes the handset rattle almost off the base. The motion sends up a puff of dust— his phone never rings.
Dean is starting to get out of the aftershocks, and his fist feels like too much, but he keeps going.
Castiel emerged into a quiet bunker. He sat at the War Table, in the second chair from left, the one next to Dean’s, the one he had come to consider his own. He opened a book titled Signals and Serifs - Getting the Spell Right the First Time. Cas had been surprised how much supernatural related lore books were continually published for the modern reader, but he supposed Sam had needed to go to Seattle’s occult bookstore’s website so he could order this one.
"Dean, for what?" Cas growls out.
Cas calls but Dean ignores it.
"Me too," Cas agrees, "But I wish it didn't mean being away from you."
Dean pushes himself up on his elbows and feels his head spin, but gets himself so he's facing Cas, "Cas what's wrong? What's going on?"
But Castiel had never looked down on Dean, because frankly, Castiel's parents had paid for his undergraduate in completion, and helped with his graduate degree as well. It took until after they graduated for Cas to stop receiving financial help from his parents.
"I have unfortunate news, to be very straight with you."
"We need to feed you," Cas mutters thoughtfully, "Then maybe I can tidy a little while you shower."
"Up," Cas commands, patting his thighs.
Dean once the finds out about all of this.
"Woah, Dean, you're having a panic attack," Cas breathes, apparently wondering the same thing. He gets Dean down to the floor and untangled from the blankets in seconds, his hands maneuvering Dean so he's got his head down, and lots of space to breathe and settle.
"No," Cas says, his tone final.
His home was warm with fire and piled with books and bits and knickknacks. He wasn’t much for organization, letting his house become a cozy disheveled. His crystal shelves are layered in geode dust. He’s got unlabeled vials and jars fermenting about. He’s taken to hanging herbs to dry all over the place with twine and hemp rather than just on the drying beams.
Dean thinks to himself that this sounds pretty good.
“Like the other day, Jack busted up the coffee table on accident and I didn’t even really give a damn. I swear, they could come home covered in tattoos or with a sugar daddy and I would still do anything to make them happy.”
To Dean's defense, the soul wasn't polluted with the dark heaviness that Castiel had seen around those who were consumed by evil but rather muted with the things he had faced.
"Sometimes I wonder if my brain is trying to destroy me," Dean finally, sounding like he's deep in thought.
Dean is still meeting Cas' gaze, but his eyes are glazed and Cas can tell he's not fully there.
Dean got off a month later with a $6000 fine and a criminal record. He went home to find them broke. His job, of course, was gone after he didn't show up.
Because right now, Dean is a mess. He's sick, his nose runny and his chest aching. His eyes are shot with crying and his body weak and sweaty. He would probably be starving if he wasn't feeling so disgusting and nauseous. He hasn't changed his clothes in a few days. He knows the fridge is empty and the kitchen is a mess. Their room is a mess, littered with tissues and empty cups.
Dean doesn't open his eyes, but he bites his lip and nods shakily.
Now, Castiel has his home warded up to the nines. The path itself cannot even be happened across if someone has poor intentions or mistakes upon it. In order for anything to make it within a mile of his home, it has to be something that poses no threat to Castiel or his well-being. So when Castiel senses a small black bear appears at the edge of his garden, making its way towards him, Cas just assumes it’s a regular old bear.
It’s the easiest to give unknowingly, and the hardest to come to terms with.
At first, the wave of guilt made Cas a little bit sickly glad. His heart celebrated to know that Dean did feel something about all the times he left Cas behind. Dean did feel ripped up and guilty, just like someone should when they threw a friend under the bus. To Castiel, this affirmed that Dean cared about him.
Dean chuckles, "All good. That wasn't even a scene."
"Sorry."
"Did you ever submit some applications for the adoption stuff?" Cas asks, sounding light and curious.
"What did you guys talk about?" Cas asks, when Dean is finally starting to relax more.
Dean ties up loose ends for work as quickly as he can and pacifies Cas with vague and fabricated texts that tell of work on his car, new exciting things at his job and drinks with coworkers.
Plus, Castiel had learned, albeit slowly, about Dean and Sam's childhood. The reason which Dean had been forced to get a GED instead of completing his time at high-school with Sam. Cas still doesn’t know everything about John’s parenting methods, but Dean often thinks it’s better this way. Castiel admitted to quietly hating John Winchester for making Dean grow up quicker than he should have, but he also explained his awareness that the situation John left Dean in has resulted in Castiel and Dean meeting.
Sam plowed onwards,  “I really love Eileen. I could see myself doing research for hunts with her, but I could also, you know, see…” suddenly Sam’s face paled, “Oh shit.”
"Dean," Cas says gently, getting Dean's attention again.
Eileen responded with a gesture that Cas supposed wasn't in the American Sign Language syntax, but would be understood by anyone, hearing or deaf.
The worst part was that he seriously had no idea how to fix any of it.
Cas breathes into Dean's ear, sending shivers, "Yeah baby, that's it. Give it to me, Dean. Come for me."
They’ve got something kinda lowkey planned for the evening, family coming over to have dinner out back. Sam, Jess, and Gabe are staying in an Airbnb somewhere in Lakeview. They’re intending to come over later, but got last minute tickets to a Cubs game for the morning. Dean isn’t upset—he likes the time with just his immediate family anyways.
"I fucking lost my job. I can't even keep a stupid entry level job. I'm a shit husband, I can't keep it together to apply for adoption and now I don't even have a fucking job."
Even Dean didn’t want to touch that one with a five-foot pole.
But he's also terrified, to a point, of Dean realizing that Castiel isn't good enough for him.
Now Dean was looking at him side-eyed, which was a bit unnerving. Dean stayed silent.
Dean snorts, "A good place to feel like I'm being good? A good place to y'know, reaffirm that you want me? Always."
Castiel frowns, "I'm touching you right now."
Cas groans at the feeling and takes it all in, his body trembling.
“Partly, and I intend to at some point,” Cas responded hesitantly, still trying to gather his thoughts, “But, I was more so concerned about the contents of Dean’s feelings.”
But instead of making a joke, Dean actually elaborated, “Sammy is always so unwilling to let himself move away from hunting now. When he was younger he drove me up a wall, always complaining about having to clean the guns, or trying to take a break from researching to do math problems.”
Dean shakes his head and makes to stand up. He feels Cas' hands try to catch him as he half stumbles out of the room and towards the kitchen. Cas follows him close behind.
Claire's eyes are calculating, "Yeah."
People go by quickly. So fast that he can't focus his eyes on any one of them for long enough for it to be significant. In his line of sight, he can't see the sky. He's in a concrete box, looking out of the glass at another towering slab of metal. There's a pigeon on the curb across the street. It's gray and beady-eyed.
"What? Who?" Cas asks, sounding surprised and a little more awake.
The cum starts to fly out of Castiel's dick, thick and wet and all the way up to his nipple on the left. His cock jerks against his stomach as Dean continues to work him through it. The cum easing the way for a hot slide.
Dean likes watching Cas' dick twitch, getting all red and needy. He's orgasmed, yes, but it was pretty weak, and Dean knows the next one is going to be earth shattering.
It tears Dean up inside. He knows he should tell Cas what's going on— now is the perfect time.
"Am I done?" Dean asks.
Eventually Dean mutters, "We need a fucking shower."
that could have ever happened to me."
“Ok,” Cas decides with a huff, pulling his hips back, scooting Dean up the wall and shoving back in.
Dean closes his eyes and squeezes them. He knows Castiel is right, he must.
Cas breaks the kiss to fiddle with the cuffs and command Dean, "Check to see if your feet can touch."
The Impala grumbles to a slow stop on the street in front of Sunnyside.
It takes a moment for Dean's brain to get back online after that almost-orgasm so he can get back to Cas.
Sam is happy and brief, telling Dean he's happy for him and letting him know he'll call soon.
Dean glances at him with an incredulous look and lets out a huff of a laugh, "Damn Cas, warn a guy."
"God, you're so beautiful sweetheart," Cas whispers, his eyes full of fondness.
Dean was just imperfect enough that Castiel considered him to be the most perfect man he had ever laid his eyes on. Dean was humble beyond necessity, gracious with his love, carefully vulnerable, and gruffly unwilling to admit it.
“I suppose it’s technically limeade. I’ve made it with my own moon-honey and limes. There is some sage boiled into the water as well. I would say I made it because of the positive impact on one’s health… except for that it is simply just one of my favorite things to drink,” Cas explains.
But Cas is trembling in the aftermath of what they have just said to one another, barely listening, clearly distressed, fizzing at the corners.
Dean hops to his feet, "
There's an email from yet another adoption agency, probably to tell him the same shit. There's a gas bill, a reminder to renew his subscription to the New York Times, and an email from Zachariah with a bunch of openings at positions he is suggesting Dean for.
you can come Dean. Come for me," Cas instructs breathlessly.
"Dean?" Cas questions, slowing a little.
"I love you, Dean," Cas tells him.
Cas wonders vaguely if Dean is out with coworkers— the house is dark and silent.
"Unless you don't wanna know— I mean I get that too man, it's not like anyone wants to hear my stupid sob story, it's not even that big of a deal—" Dean said, a little anxiously.
Cas thought Dean was kind? And intelligent? Who the hell did Castiel have him confused with? Dean was a good for nothing womanizer with a GED, a give-them-hell attitude, and a death wish.
However, without Sam there to talk it through with him, Cas felt rather uncertain about what to do next, and decidedly heartbroken about Dean.
"Welcome back to the states," Sam jokes.
Dean was surprised to see that Sam didn’t look… all that astonished by this discovery.
The thought just makes Dean put in an extra hour of work that evening. He goes for a run afterwards.
Dean was self-aware enough to recognize that this voice sounded like John Winchester.
It's later in the bathtub, when Cas is rubbing his shoulders and helping him come down, that Dean questions the distance again.
Dean’s lips quirk as Cas eagerly picks up the terrible arm moving rhythm again, tugging Dean's arms to keep going.
Cas' response is immediate, "Because I do too, Dean. Everyone gets things a little mixed around sometimes, some people more than others— it's not who you are, it's a chemical imbalance."
Cas’ face goes darker red, blushing down to his chest. His eyes flick to Dean’s lips once, twice.
Castiel reminds himself that he intends to get his tongue up Dean's ass in mere minutes, so it won't matter much.
“That would be wonderful, Sam,” Cas agrees, “How will that work? Will you and Gabe propose?”
"It's a long story, really."
"You're pretty tight," Cas remarks haphazardly.
"You said you'd stay," Cas whispers back.
"Can I take this off?" Dean requests, pulling at the cotton fabric.
Dean pulled over the car. Apparently this couldn’t be done on the road.
Dean nods from where he's dialing up the phone, voice nervous as he agrees, "God, I hope so."
Hesitantly, Dean reaches forward and takes Castiel's hand with his own. Cas pulls him forward and up, his eyes never leaving Dean's. Their other set of hands find each other as Cas leads Dean to the small open space in the tent, just big enough that they have some wiggle room.
Things are better than good.
“Come on man, you weren’t
"Felt so good to have you near me, after a long week. You were all warm and tired and pliant. Got you against the wall and went down until I was as far as I could go and just listened to those noises you made, god, Dean, the noises you make," Cas starts.
"I guess I am a bit restless, but its nothing bad. Just miss you," Dean says sweetly.
Dean gets home from his Sunday afternoon run and decides to go to their room and do some sit-ups before he hits the shower. His run was actually pretty short— he's feeling pretty shitty. It was hard to get out of bed, but he reminded himself he was gonna need to be perfect if Cas was going to decide to stay.
Dean quivers. Cas runs his thumbnails up the arch of both of Dean's feet, punctuating in the sensitive middle with a dig of his thumb. He eyes how Dean's body reacts to this, remembering his promise to add a slight scratch. Cas gets his hands up to Dean's lower thighs, grips with big hands then pulls Dean so he is on his stomach on the bed.
"Dean?" Zach's voice brings him out of his focus, "Could I speak with you in my office?"
"Well obviously you do, if you're calling me at 2 am!" Cas interrupts.
Cas crossed the room to sit across from Dean at the table. The move brought them much closer together, and while the proximity was at first uncomfortable, it settled quickly into a welcome change quickly for both of them. Dean unconsciously stretched out his legs so they rested between Castiel’s.
it’s supposed to be free,” Dean snips.
So Castiel stayed. He went to his bedroom and laid down on the bed and tried to meditate like he might at night. He tuned his frequency to what Dean continued to call “Angel Radio” and listened lightly to the sound of Enochian that fluttered across.
"I—I haven't been honest with you."
He holds it there for a while, breathing against Dean and tapping his nose to Dean’s hair.
“But that's just how it is, Sammy. That's just the shitty hand we were dealt, and we’ve made the best we could out of it,” Dean said earnestly.
Cas stares, food in mouth, confused.
“Your mom, huh? You got a good relationship with your parents, Cas?” Dean asks, his free hand falling to touch Castiel’s ankle.
Castiel rounds on his stool. His heart pounds in his chest. Who is calling him? Not his mother, they had a set day to see each other. The shop? No, they sent news with the human boy Sam when he came biweekly for picking up deliveries.
For some reason, the combination of Dean’s words, his steady grip, the welcoming warmth of his energy and those little freckles on the bridge of Dean’s nose have Castiel trusting him enough to let his magic swim forward a little into Dean’s embrace.
“Me too,” Sam responded, nodding in agreement.
This makes Dean smile, “How’d you get limes out here? There’s no way they grow in this type of weather.”
His therapist though (bless her heart), keeps asking distracting questions about Cas, then in turn Sam, and then finally about John. Dean feels like she should have a fairly good grip on things now— he can't figure out why she hasn't picked up on the fact that he does not want to talk about John Winchester in any capacity.
Cas makes a face like he understands, then pulls up something called
Dean wonders if he'll ever be able to get strung out like Cas does after sex. He's seen it happen to loads of women in his time, but it was never something on the table for him during those encounters. Sure, maybe for a moment when he was coming, or afterward for a minute while she was just being the little spoon, but it wasn't like this floaty echo-y feel-good thing that Cas has introduced him to. Hell, Dean didn't think it was something that guys were supposed to want until Cas became addicted to it, asking Dean to get him there.
Sam hummed at that, thinking. They were both quiet for a while.
Dean pulls Cas back down towards his knees as he starts to hyperventilate again.
Cas kisses his forehead, and Dean licks a stripe on Cas throat where it's salty with sweat— an afterthought.
Dean had the decency to look confused.
For as much as Dean has been struggling, it is goddamn good to hear Cas' voice.
He yanks Dean's hair a little.
“I wasn’t expecting to struggle with them as much as I have.” He finished.
"Did I make the wrong choice? Should I have said something? Did I fuck us up?" Dean wonders, suddenly vulnerable.
“Can I take the Impala?” She tries casually, pretending like it’s no big deal.
“Thank you, Sam,” Cas said, getting up to leave the table.
Cas gathers dishes from around the kitchen as he was cooking, putting things away here and there and spraying down the countertops to get the room smelling clean.
"My dad. Didn't love the part where I wanted a boyfriend instead."
He's digging his thumb into the tiny horns on the amulet, his head downturned as he tries not to let his eyes fill with tears. It's almost overkill to cry now. Dean doesn't even know if he'd be able to pinpoint exactly what he's crying for.
Dean had walked into Castiel's life more quickly than any other human being. Dean, with the weight of the world on his shoulders, with his self-deprecating humor and unshakable work ethic. Dean and his desire to help the world before himself, his love for old movies and rock music, and the way he always made sure Castiel was doing alright.
“I— geez, sorry this is fucking awkward. I was hoping to ask your advice on something?” Dean sort of asked, sort of said, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Why not?" Dean asks.
With his magic flowing to and from Dean, suddenly, Castiel could hardly remember why he had been struggling before. Castiel would push his power into Dean’s awaiting arms, then accept it back, smooth and strong with his intent.
How? How could Castiel love him? Especially with all the shit that had gone down in the last year. Dean was still trying to forgive himself for the crap that he did, it was ridiculous that Cas wasn’t even phased. And all that crap about Dean being deserving?
Castiel had forgotten that Dean is still holding gently on his wrist, his palm warm and inviting and sustaining the contact that makes it easier than ever for Dean to pick up how he’s feeling.
Dean glances over a couple times to look at him, but it's like his stare is too strong— Dean can't hold it. He looks back at the ceiling after a moment.
Cas asks him about his job, about the house, about the neighbors. Cas tells him about Italy, about new friends and a different pasta he had the other night.
“How was work?” John grunts as Dean gets in the car. He’s eyeing Dean a bit oddly like he’s uncomfortable with the fact that Dean had just been a black bear. Dean thinks it's ridiculous every time his dad gets weird about it— his fucking wife is a black bear too, for gods’ sake.
"Carry you to the wall, get your hands tied to the beam, and spread you so I can get a taste too."
The hot press of skin, the proximity to Cas' eyes, the way he kisses Dean— it's exactly what Dean needs at the moment.
"Has he ever mentioned it to you?" Cas asks.
In a moment of clarity, Dean recognized that perhaps he wasn’t giving himself enough credit.
Dean has no control over the speed, the angle, any of it. He can’t do a thing about the way his dick only gets friction against their stomachs on every few thrusts. He cannot control how Cas sinks his teeth into Dean’s nipples. He can only sit there and whine.
"No problem," Cas murmured, his voice thick.
Dean finds himself nodding.
“Hey,” He said, rubbing the back of his neck, “have you guys seen Cas?”
After about ten minutes, Cas was wrapped up in the execution of a sleeping spell and barely heard the shuffling of feet as someone passed through the hallway on their way to the kitchen.
Dean waits until he is eased back, and Cas' body is positioned just right. Dean uses the leverage of pressing the fronts of his thighs to the bed to prepare and snakes his left hand from Cas' nipple. It slides to where his cock is sitting, red and hot and wet— veering to the left and resting against his stomach in a way that makes him appear so debauched and vulnerable that Dean has to remind himself to keep it together.
Cas is nowhere near coming now, but he's still hard, and he's wet with precum and lube. Cas lets out a breath at the quicker pace Dean sets this time.
When Dean eventually makes it to the fridge, it’s pretty bare. He's been forgetting to grocery shop because he hasn't been cooking. He has frozen meals, but the idea of putting something processed and greasy in his body sounds like hell.
"But I wasn't a kid when this happened," Dean told Cas.
Dean kisses back playfully, reaching up to grab at the bar like he's going to do a pull-up— except for the fact that Cas' got him.
He catches a whiff of the aftershave that Cas uses on the pillow that is Cas'. The damn scent doesn't leave, even when he washes the sheets every other week.
"That's fine," Dean agrees.
It’s basically confirmed happening. Cas and Dean get to see Claire and Jack once a week to get to know them as everything falls into place. They agree with the agent not to say anything too set in stone, just in case something falls through.
"But you were eating before that?" Cas questions.
"I'm sorry we didn't tell you sooner," Dean says, as genuinely as he can muster.
So Cas does it again.
They're using a couple of fold out tables pushed together and lawn chairs. Claire and Cas had gotten bulb lights for the back patio. They cast light with the help of the fire pit that Sam had helped Jack had made a bonfire in.
"I agree, but it came from above, I have no say in who they get rid of. I am simply hoping they don't let the two of us go."
"'M okay Cas," Dean murmurs.
"This doesn't look great. It might hurt a bit when I heal it," He said slowly.
Dean can't watch, so he shifts his face into Cas' neck and kisses at it gently, "What's wrong?" He whispers into his skin.
Dean shutters, squeezing the back of his neck and sighing, "Yeah."
"Uh, yeah. Mostly."
Cas watches him carefully for a moment before he recognizes that something is still— off.
Dean grins, and leans across to kiss Cas' forehead, "I fucking love you."
Dean looks up at him, still pumping Cas loose and quick, "What?"
Everything seems like a suicide mission.
They're staying with an old woman named Sheila Tate out on the west side. She's fostering them but doesn't want to have kids for long because she's already got three that are grown. She knows she can't help them financially if they want to pursue higher education and she can see how bright they both are.
Cas laughs a little at this, "You're talking to Laura about our sex life?"
"Woah, let's breathe here, okay?" Dean encourages, "In through your nose, out through the mouth."
until they got all yellow and green and disgusting. I had to wear pants instead of shorts even though it was fucking hot."
"Cas," Dean says more than asks, moving to plop down next to Cas so he's pressed to his side on the carpeted stairs.
"...worried about it, I guess," Dean winces as he admits it.
Dean had been in year two of community college when his four years younger little brother Sam had gotten a scholarship to Stanford and taken off for California. Sam simply refused to take more than a few hundred dollars for groceries from Dean, claiming he already had an on-campus job, so frankly, Dean had fewer expenses than normal. It sucked that he was paying rent for two when only he lived in the place than he and Sammy had been renting since Dean had become Sam's legal guardian.
"Good boy," Cas murmurs, looking at him with the love that Dean misses so much, "I miss you too."
Cas was too caring, too in love with Dean to ever hurt him, to ever try something unless Dean asked for it explicitly. Cas wouldn't even go for the ease-in model. Consent was very important to him, after all, angels had always valued this.
Castiel leans into the peace he has created for himself, even if it is by himself.
Dean knows what Cas is talking about. Last year he took a week-long vacation up to see Uncle Bobby with Sam, and by the time he was home, Cas practically dragged him in the house to suck his dick in the front entry way.
Cas grabs a fresh set of sheets, a quilt and one of those king-sized soft blankets from the linen cabinet.
"Dean!" Cas says, a little pissed now.
"Let me finish, Cas."
"Hey, kid, where'd those bruises come from?" Dean asks.
Dean followed him as far as the bunker’s front staircase. Cas could hear Dean reasoning with Sam, and Sam responding in a flat voice, sounding utterly in-love, confused, and helpless. Cas supposed he could relate. Eventually, their voices lowered, and after about twenty minutes, Cas heard the door to the bunker swing shut.
Cas nods, leaving the room before Dean can to plop down in the living room at the couch.
It's amazing how your priorities become exposed when you have to choose. Dean can't imagine being angry with Sam anymore— he's forgiven Sam so many times over now. He can't even begin to think of how deeply it hurts that Dean was never more clear with how much he loved Sam.
"That's not the point of the trip, Dean," Cas reminds him, trying to decide between two equally boring pinstripe button-ups.
Dean sighed, “I guess.”
"Dean, I'm sorry, let’s just—"
Cas shakes his head against the pillow, his eyes on Dean, "Then why do you have a bag packed?"
Cas pulls away and gets himself seated next to Dean on the couch, sharing Dean's space and snuggling into his side, his eyes on Dean as Dean cautiously meets his eyes.
Cas nods slowly.
Cas grabs Dean's chin gently with his fingers and forces Dean to meet his eyes, "Dean Winchester. Sometimes I wonder what goes on in that head of yours. Of course, I will call. And I will text. Daily. Just because I am going away for a few months does not change that I am your husband, and I adore you. Unconditional, remember?"
"Why?" Cas asks, between licks.
Dean is having a good week.
Dean was stunned, “I’m fine, dude. Seriously, you guys do not need to be worried. I don’t know when this shit became such a big problem.” He huffed.
After a moment Dean speaks, "I— I was having a tough time today. I shouldn't have pushed it with you in that way. I didn't even really plan to. I just started taking off your clothes and realized I wanted it to hurt."
The bite, combined with Cas’ rough thrusts vault Dean closer, but Cas’ demanding hand on his dick is what has Dean shaking and spraying between them. Cas jerks him through it, thumbing at the head and sucking on Dean’s neck. Dean has his lip between his teeth as he chokes out moans.
"Hey, Angel, I'm checking in. Can I get closer now?" Dean asks after a while.
He gives Dean a minute to get undressed, thinking through what he plans to do in his head. The planning dynamic of this has always been part of what makes it so good for Cas. He follows steps and gives orders clearly and carefully, reorienting himself all the way.
“I thought maybe I could help you with whatever spells you were trying to perform.”
It's a little different on the receiving end, Castiel can let give all of the ropes over to his body and let himself just move in time with Dean's hands and hips.
He thinks—maybe Cas is talking to him? He feels his arms and legs being stretched out from their awkward position, but he's still too on-top-of-the-world to care. Someone wipes at his stomach and between his thighs and Dean tries to open his eyes but fails and reaches out to try to grab Cas instead.
"The problem is," Dean whispers, "I think if my dad was alive today, I still wouldn't be able to stand up to him."
Cas slowly slides his cock up the wet heat between Dean's spread asscheeks, not letting himself enter Dean quite yet. Dean tries to shift back to indicate that he needs Cas in him immediately, but Cas just smacks his ass, almost at his thigh, and says, "Quit that."
Cas responds by FaceTiming him.
Cas notices Dean's discomfort instantly— this particular position is always hit or miss with them. Castiel adores how it connects them intimately and knows it can often end in Dean whining and begging. But this isn't one of those times, this is a time where it's just a little too much for Dean to handle: he's already raw with the idea that Cas is going to be leaving tomorrow.
"We're letting most of your team go. And since you're the manager, I'm gonna have you sit them down and let them know."
"Sam, it's not either of your faults that your lives have taken this path. Your pursuit of helping others leaves you deserving of things that are good. If a woman is willing to put herself in harm's way because she loves you, you should not stop her. Besides, perhaps you can live a life that walks the line, like the two of you have dreamed up for you”.
“Fuck, Dean, I am not going to last long,” Cas admits into Dean’s neck, licking at his jaw. He eases his hips back.
Dean scoffs at the worry in his Dad’s voice. As if John cares, “He’s fine dad. At least Benny is appreciative of all the cool opportunities there are for familiars around here— there aren’t very many locally-owned agencies like his left.”
"What?" Cas pries.
Castiel's heart breaks. Fuck this stupid man and his stupid insecurities and his beautiful heart and his bright soul.
He's just... small. Dean Winchester, larger than life, glowing with ambition and care and humor is small and vulnerable right now. He isn't as filled out as he should be—definitely thinner than usual. He's sweaty and pale. His shoulders are turned in protectively and he's uncomfortable in his own skin.
Cas will make him coffee, and Dean will request they shower together and use Cas' body wash. Dean probably won't feel like cooking today, so Cas will get them both bowls of cereal. They'll spend the day curled around each other on the couch. Cas will check in with Dean. Dean will grumble and turn pink. Dean will check in with Cas. Sam'll show up for dinner and try to get Dean to eat
Cas leans into his hand, his face still damp with tears, "Hello."
That makes the second warning alarm come on in Cas' head.
A few weeks later Dean comes home from his third therapy session a mess.
It’s going to be a long walk home.
"Know that I didn't make this decision. No one who is working directly with you is responsible for what's happening right now. The program cuts are ridiculous and poorly planned."
Cas threaded his fingers through Dean's hair and said softly, "That is ok Dean. Especially because you cared about him. It is understandable that you would be afraid because he often responded with abuse."
Castiel watched him warily, trying to read him.
“Jesus,” Joey said, running a hand across his face, “yeah. She tried to slit her wrists in the fucking basement shower. Her best friend called me because Anna had had a bad day and I checked on her just in time.”
Cas is nodding as Dean admits his fear, his hands finding Dean's to squeeze. He tries to get his gaze level with Dean's, "That is absolutely valid."
Dean always seemed so certain about how he felt and who he was. His quippy dialogue and stony exterior created the assumption that Dean had a clear understanding of the things he felt. Cas expected Dean to feel sadness over those he had lost. Guilt, yet acceptance over the things which he regretted. All humans felt that. Cas would be the first to claim that Dean had made mistakes, but the last to hold back on forgiving them.
Dean feels like he's high. Like he's 16 and smoking pot with some kids from high school. Like he's twenty-three and Sam's in school and he's just taken a line of coke off some girl's countertop to feel something. Except for this time, when Dean's pulled to the edge, he's happy to be there.
Dean leans back, makes space between them again. He gets space back as the song starts to fade from the radio.
God. Things had gotten pretty bad. Cas can't believe he didn't notice sooner. Dean had been off— off like after a scene, off like after a hard day at work, or a reminder of something alike to his father. Cas can't believe he didn't figure out what was happening with Dean sooner.
"They are, Dean. I really do think things are much better now. I guess I was just as uncertain about where we stood as well. I assumed you would come to me, much as you have now."
"It's okay Cas, you're right. I should've said something to Zach," Dean interrupts.
"A chemical imbalance?" Dean asks, voice quiet and confused.
Dean shifts human as he trudges out to the Impala, loathing the feeling of being on two feet instead of four after a wonderful day of being in bear form.
Cas slides his fingers down Dean's ribs languidly and Dean shivers, so Cas copies the movements but digs his nails in this time, causing Dean to let out a little moan.
Dean is hesitantly warm back. He meets Cas with all his I-miss-you's and I-love-you's, but he is never the first one to text.
Cas gets Dean pressed so he is back to the wall, arms still tied and thighs tucked between Cas and his own chest. His ankles cling to Cas’ lower back. He’s fully supported by Castiel, held helpless. Cas reaches up to check the cuffs, making sure that Dean’s weight isn’t pressing his skin into them. Then Cas eases a hand down, scraping at Dean’s nipples, and fisting his own dick to line him up with Dean.
That makes Dean slow down, "Uh, no. Not right now."
Claire is strawberry blonde and full of attitude. She's on her guard when she first sees them, but after realizing they're a couple, she warms up more.
“He was always so ready to live a normal life. It sucks that he feels like he can’t have that anymore. Like all the fight is gone outta him,” Dean took a swig of his beer.
He rolls his shoulders and Cas’ eyes and hands are on him in an instant.
“Don’t forget the meatballs!” Dean shouted at them for the third time as they left.
“Uh-hh,” Dean’s breath comes out in harsh pants, his body quivering as he deals with the sensations. His eyes are hooded.
“I know, we definitely have Dean. Believe me when I tell you I am lucky I had you through it all. But at some point, you've got to realize that you can’t shoulder it all yourself. You don't have to,” Sam pleaded with him.
Dean lets go of his dick instantly, giving Cas time to breathe. Dean gives it a gentle squeeze, then puts his lube-slick hand to work on his own dick.
"Yes, help yourself, good boy," Cas encourages.
"Yess,"  Cas drawls.
Cas hums at this, not fully paying attention to their call. Dean can see the glow of his laptop as Cas' attention is divided, "Perhaps you should get out and get some exercise."
Dean trashes his salad and heads back to work.
"Just trying to be healthy, ok? Not everyone can love to hit the gym all the time. Wanted to keep myself fit, y'know?" Dean explains.
Cas truly didn't think they would be unable to adopt due to something that happened years ago either— it was absurd. Cas wonders momentarily why Dean hasn't spoken to Sam about this. Sam would have been able to clarify in seconds that Dean would still be a contender. Agencies just say that shit to do their due diligence— to scare actual criminals away from adopting a kiddo when they don't have the right intentions.
Dean lifts one of his legs to wrap it up around Cas' waist, effectively giving Cas the answer needs to hoist Dean up so he's straddling Cas, with Cas' hands supporting his ass.
“Nah. We uh, got in touch with an adoption agency.”
Dean can feel when he starts to cry. His eyes water, then drip down his cheeks, then his nose gets stuffy. Pretty soon his chest is heaving. He's really crying and sobbing and blubbering.
They dance for a while longer, Dean spinning himself once, tucking himself to Cas' chest as Cas chuckles. Dean registers that the sweater still smells like the bunker a little bit.
Cas uses his fingers to scratch at where they are on Dean's back, running them against his hoodie.
“Can you send me your address?” Balthazar asks excitedly.
Dean's sexy-brain short circuits and he frowns, "What? Why?"
He tries to remember where he is, what's going on and when the last time he showered or pissed or ate was. His brain comes up with nothing.
“I wish I did, Dean. Then I could explain to you easier that you’re not your dad.”
“I am doing better,” Dean says earnestly, “And I told you, I’m seeing a therapist. Isn’t that good enough?”
“Uh, you’re a f-familiar,” Cas says smartly.
Dean proceeded into the kitchen and then back to his room with another beer. The silence remained.
"Of course. I'm not sure we would have much time to ourselves anyways. My itinerary is pretty hefty," Cas says.
Sam just watches him, waiting for him to go on.
By the time he's caught a northbound train, he's exhausted. He's achy from trying to run yesterday after not being in the habit for a long time and he just wants to collapse into bed.
"It is not your fault its—"
"Okay," Dean says numbly.
Cas rests a hand on his shoulder, "Dean, that's... That's just petty theft. That shouldn't be enough to prevent any and all adoption."
"Not with you on top either," Cas informs him, sitting calmly, "And not until you agree to stop trying to hurt yourself."
Cas presses his hips down to Dean's stomach to demonstrate that his dick has gone soft. Cas really has no desire to fuck Dean when he's like this.
Joey takes a swig of his beer and shakes his head, “That's the thing, it's a damn miracle she's in there smiling. Anna has been depressed since she was in middle school.”
He leaps from his workspace, his cloak drifting behind him, still clothed in pajamas and feet bare. He pads nervously to the phone, buried behind a pile of books and papers.
He looked… good, Dean decided. Cas had put on one of his new ties and the light blue button-up he grabbed the day Dean fell asleep at Walmart. Dean couldn’t be blamed if he noticed how all of the blue made Cas’ eyes pop out at him. Damn, he had missed Cas.
"God, the way you
Dean isn't looking at Cas.
Dean turns his head, his jaw set, and his eyes wet with tears. He looks guilty and ashamed and afraid all at once.
"Yes sir."
Dean drums his fingers against baby's wheel, "I remember thinking to myself that it wasn't as bad as it could be— at least it wasn't permanent. At least it wasn't Sammy. It's fucked up that I learned to get dressed to cover it up. That's some fucked up shit."
He gets out and runs again that afternoon. He's so jittery and excited about the future that he doesn't have much of an appetite. He pushes himself to eat an orange once he's out of the shower, and texts Cas a few gooey messages about how excited he is.
Dean and Cas get hitched— Becky and Chuck come, and Becky calls Dean her "Son", which makes Dean cry for a while.
Cas waits until he's all the way in, slow slide easy after the careful prep and the copious amounts of lube. It could help that this might be the most relaxed that Dean has ever been too. Cas still his hips once they're joined.
“I never gave you your birthday present,” Cas suddenly exclaims, pulling back.
Cas’ lips part to speak, breathing in the heat of Dean’s outwards breath— they’re so close it’s the same air.
Dean realizes he isn't particularly grounded. He can't find the energy to find this troubling.
"I know he can."
Dean's cock is dripping from where Castiel can see it. Cas can tell that with about a dozen rough thrusts would get him coming down Dean's throat. He doesn't want this yet, but he's also uncertain that Dean has himself prepped well enough.
Dean blushes under the praise, reaching to the hem of Cas' shirt and tugging it up the back. Once it is off, Cas' skin can press hot to Dean's. Cas eases his hands under Dean's ass, arms hooking under his legs to get a good grip.
"Claire and Jack. They're siblings. They're local."
John is gripping the steering wheel. He is silent. He slows the Impala to a stop, pulling off onto the gravel shoulder with a crunch and a rumble of engine.
They end up hustling to have everything ready to go by 7 pm for dinner. Cas blames Dean's "beer breaks" with Sam and Gabe. Dean blames Cas' adamancy that they have an angel food cake that took an hour to whip egg whites for.
Their conversation will not leave Dean's head for some reason. He doesn't want to think about everything that his brain is trying to convince him is layered in Cas' words, but he does anyways.
They're sitting in the bunker's kitchen a few days later, Cas eating a bowl of fruitloops and drinking black coffee with two sugars. He's watching something called an Instagram live, and Dean is working on his fried egg and toast across from Cas at the table.
So when Dean ran a hand through his hair after losing a lead because the vampire took off in a snap, Cas touched his hand and carefully spoke, "There was no way anyone could have caught him, vampires are faster than humans, remember.”
"What's in there?" Cas asks, voice flat.
Cas makes it to the spot where Dean got some of Cas' come smeared and Cas licks it up, even though it's bound to be cool and sticky now.
Fuck. It had been a long day.
They talk some. Nothing too groundbreaking. Cas reasserts his love and Dean makes a couple more attempts to apologize (which Cas tries to actively listen to, but always ends up rolling his eyes at).
But Cas is just… not a good fit for society. His magic is strong— no doubt— but anxious. It's unpredictable. Little outbursts of nerves from his childhood have left him embarrassed and afraid of hurting others. He remembers how it would sound like a balloon popping whenever he got stressed over a potion in school. He recalls how things seemed to sprout at his feet for comfort whenever he was trying to face his social anxiety— in the line at the store, talking to new people, on the school bus.
"Mmm, yes," Cas says, hiking a calve up around Dean's waist.
“Cas, I wanted to say somethin’,” Dean kept his attention on the road.
Sam nods excitedly while Cas lights up and grabs for his phone.
Cas shakes his head, gathering another bite of omelet and chewing it, "He probably would have."
So, Dean went to Walmart and fucking stole a computer. He had the guy get it out of the case, and then made a run for it.
"Mmm. Time to relax now?" Cas asks.
"I've been told," Claire says.
Dean's lower lip trembles, and he nods again.
Cas looks relieved, "I really think it would be."
So, Dean does, letting himself get his fist around his dick.
“I love you,” Cas finished, resolutely.
Dean chuckles and hums, "You good?"
Cas obeys, sucking air in uncertainly through his nose and then pressing out in huffs through his lips. Dean obnoxiously demonstrates the pattern, trying to get Cas to match his breathing with Dean's.
It wasn’t the disappointment that hurt the most either, it was the fact that Dean expected to be left behind.
Dean switches to rapidly jerking Cas to give him a moment's break before going back to brute pressure on the very sensitive tip—
Dean huffs out a sigh as Cas pulls away into his own personal space, shutting down and causing a couple puffs of dust and sparks and leaves to puff about his energy nervously.
"You'll call, right?" Dean asks, his post-sex haze and submissive vulnerability making it harder for him to have a filter.
Cas can do that. Take care of Dean, remind Dean of all he is worth.
Jack is fascinated by the Transportation Gallery, pointing out the old planes and listening carefully as Castiel reads some of the captions on the signs.
Cas lets out a little whine, the leg that isn't wrapped around Dean falling open so Dean can sorta climb on top again.
Cas tells Sam about Italy. Dean tells Sam about his new job training.
Dean thinks about that and nods slowly.
Dean gasps in protest and struggles against Cas' grip. Cas settles so he is sitting on Dean's stomach, pinning him to the bed.
Dean rolls his eyes, "Yeah. He's got a trip planned in a few weeks though."
"Zach? Why couldn't he do it?" Cas asks, getting heated.
Dean convinced Sam that the new Star Wars movie was worth seeing in theaters. Castiel sat in a foamy theater seat and accidentally touched Dean’s hand in the popcorn bucket like a teenage girl. Dean just passed the bucket to Cas and grabbed the hot tamales out of Sam’s hands instead.
"It's really not. I don't know how to explain to you that it’s not," Cas tells him surely.
Dean has the upper hand. He can study Cas carefully, control the speed, the weight, the angle of his thrusts, and the pressure of his fingernails along Cas' ribs. He can make sure Cas is okay too— watch his reactions for any sign of discomfort or frustration. From the top, Dean can focus on making sure Cas reaches his orgasm like falling: weightless and floaty and rushing for as long as Castiel can handle it. Sometimes longer than he can, if Dean has him pinned the right way. Not some half-hearted head-spin from a handjob, or a quickly swallowed blow-down-the-throat (though Dean loves that too).
He had imagined kissing that righteous look off Castiel’s face the night they met. He imagined kissing Castiel goodmorning. He imagined those plush-chapped lips more than he cared to admit.
"Want you to know it's not okay for people to hurt you. For any reason. You should be allowed to feel safe. Cas and I want you and Jack to feel safe. No matter who you like."
Or, Cas would have said more if Dean hadn't met his lips for an openmouthed kiss, tongue wet and demanding in his mouth. They're quite good at this— kissing. Cas would go as far as to say that they have become experts. Cas knows that Dean likes him to bite against Dean's lips, to push their tongues so their teeth drag against them. Dean is aware of the way Cas shivers when Dean sucks a little on Castiel's tongue. Dean knows that Cas likes it so that his lips are slotted below Dean's.
— chest to chest.
"Can I turn over?" Dean asks, in a tiny voice.
Cas has done this to Dean before, maybe twice? One time after he had finished fucking Dean and asked Dean, to quote Cas, to "Sit on my face, Dean."
Cas' fingers make their way to Dean's asshole, and he brushes them over it in a way that makes Dean shiver a little. Cas's other hand finds Dean's dick between his legs, checking to make sure Dean is doing ok, but also just loosely fisting him to get Dean worked up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas leans forward to lick— yes, lick— along Dean's lips before climbing up over Dean and shoving Dean's hips so he is on his back, with Cas perched over him like a cat.
The affection triggers the
Castiel knows the difference between Dean giving during sex and Dean being a masochist. Dean Winchester is an indulgent lover, often because taking care of his partner gets him off too. But Dean is also not above using sex as a tool to make himself hurt. Dean will push his own boundaries as if to give his self-deprecating thoughts a voice.
Dean doesn't want Cas to leave again.
"Today?" Cas asks, trying to stay calm with the knowledge that Dean is having trouble keeping track of time.
Dean nods, "It's in the middle drawer. I leave the new one in the Impala though."
They end up laying face to face. Cas on his own side of the bed, and Dean on his. They are feet apart, their warmth still making the bed feel right in a way it hasn't in a few months. Dean takes in how tired Cas looks, jet lagged. At the same time, Cas is as fucking gorgeous as always. His eyes are bright and blue, his skin tan with Italian sun and the little smile lines near his eyes endearing him.
As Cas runs out of chores to complete outdoors, he slowly stops pushing magic at Dean.
“Good, Sam, I am so glad,” Cas hopes he can express how much he really cares about Sam’s happiness.
"I mean, I don't intend to assume. We should go see a specialist, even both of us. You shouldn't be hurting like this."
Dean's breath hitches when he speaks, "C-cas?"
"I asked you a question. Answer me," Cas demands, pressing a kiss to Dean's lower back.
“Cas, I don't know what Dean said but if you need anything I am certain he would be willing—“
you! I thought your mother was lying when she told me you could only be reached at a landline, for gods' sake Cassie, it’s 2020, get an iPhone,” Balthazar rambles.
"Hmm, very good," Cas praises, moving up the bed to kneel over Dean's lower back, giving him the leverage.
They end up settled at Castiel’s newly clean, shining oak table to cool off once the place is largely swept into tidiness. Cas retrieves two cups, a pitcher of opaque liquid and ice from his icebox.
Cas knew this was true. He and Sam had actually spoken about Dean's father before, and Sam was far more adjusted with his understanding that their father had been abusive. Sam had opened up to Cas about how Dean had been particularly affected because he was trying to ensure Sam's safety. Cas wondered to himself if Sam was aware of the more significant abuse that Dean had just told him occurred while Sam was away at college.
Claire is looking a little worse for wear. She looks tired. She's got a couple of bruises on her shins that Dean regards sharply, carefully greeting Claire and giving her a smile. He is going to get this kid feeling safe if it takes his life.
Sam rolls his eyes, knocking into Dean with his shoulder, “I don’t really believe that, dude. Cas said you had a bad time while he was in Italy.”
Castiel laughs a little incredulously, looking into Dean's eyes. Dean knows they are both rough on the edges. Dean leans forward, cupping Castiel's chin and kisses him.
Cas feels Dean wince under his hands and that sets of a little alarm in Cas' head. He tries to back off, to put less pressure, but Dean draws him in closer like he wants it to hurt.
Now have some Castiel POV, for your amusement.
They're both naked from the night before, so it takes one simple scoot down for Dean to get both their hot cocks pressed together. Dean reaches between the pillow and the wall, where he knows Cas likes to stash the lube and hits gold.
"Then what is going on Dean? Why are you acting like this?" Cas pleads.
Dean chokes, "I can, fuck I can. But it would feel so good, so good if you would—,"Dean's voice breaks.
," Cas growls.
"Yes," But then Dean pauses, "Is that okay?"
Dean’s eyes are suddenly light with understanding.
When Cas pulls away, his eyes are bright with an idea, "Dean?"
Dean stares, "I guess."
Cas responds after a moment, "I think I am usually quite open to telling you what I want verbally. Like the kitchen sex? Or the first time I asked you to use tongue during prep? I am much more curious about you because you never say much about anything you would like, and I want you to be aware that you are allowed to."
Sam and Eileen took a room with a single queen, and Cas and Dean shared a room with two. Dean and Cas didn’t speak as they dropped their bags next to their respective beds.
Sam paused, weighing his words before he spoke, “Why isn’t Cas here, Dean?”
“Oh,” Cas says, remembering something excitedly. He reaches up to the cupboard and grabs out a giant plastic jar, “Sunbutter. I found it at Costco. No more peanut butter in this house.”
"Actually, you're thirty now, so it's me you've got to keep up with, old man."
Dean chews his lips and blushes a pretty red, before snuggling into Cas' neck and whispering, "Okay. Thanks."
Cas is basically emptying out their closet into the bags.
“You won’t hurt me,” Dean says, voice certain, “I promise.”
Sam continued to look worried, eyeing Cas carefully, “You don’t deserve to hurt Cas. Neither does Dean.”
“We met them just a few weeks ago. Claire is fourteen and Jack is nine. We are pretty much guaranteed if things go smoothly,” Cas takes a breath and laughs, “You have a lot of questions.”
After their scene last Friday, he and Cas have gotten far raunchier in bed. Once he had taken account of everywhere Dean was sore and checked in with him way too many times, Cas had relaxed. As a result, Dean's head is clearer than it's been in
In a few minutes, Dean will get up to refill Cas' stupid hydro flask with the bee stickers so they can both get in at least a few ounces of water before bed. He'll probably wash off a little too, and grab some wipes for Cas too. Dean didn't think tonight was rougher than usual, but he'll check with Cas again, and maybe take a peek just to make sure that his angel isn't down-playing some discomfort.
So Dean talks to the popcorn, "I'm sorry, ok?"
Dean thinks maybe his inability to ask for it is part of it— he wants Cas to haul him into bed and tie his hands too tight and fuck Dean a little dry and maybe smack him when he's about to orgasm.
Hopefully, whatever waits for him will be what's best for the both of them. Whatever is best for Dean.
Dean's eyebrows pull together and he turns his head grumpily to look at Cas. What the hell?
Dean sucked in air as Cas finished, his eyes bright in a way that Cas wanted to see all the time.
“I intend to make all of these things clear to you someday, Dean. But for now, allow me to leave you with this,” Castiel turned his body so he was physically facing Dean.
They’re right, Dean actually loves babies. But still.
The next week was a transition period of having Eileen move in. She bit the bullet and decided to simply move into Sam’s room. The bed in Sam’s room was full-sized, so the two of them decided on Tuesday to take the 4 hour drive to Merriam, Kansas to go to IKEA.
Not to mention how charming Dean was in a suit.
John’s poor magical abilities were likely a launching pad for his later distaste for magic. John became more and more convinced that those with magic abilities were at an unfair advantage, becoming an activist for humanities. Dean never quite had anything against simple humans, but he did wonder how his father could feel that way when he had obviously been actively channeling magic with Mary for decades.
They both freeze, still as stone.
The second time Dean is pretty sure they were both drunk. That doesn't mean it wasn't awesome.
"Give me your hands," Cas commands.
“It’s alright, I have wine,” Cas says nervously.
Dean freezes, duffle in hand.
Because, no. Cas has never made Dean feel unloved. Cas has never had crazy expectations or been judgmental about Dean's past. Really— it's Dean who has decided Cas should be upset. Dean who has set the bar for himself higher than Cas would ever reasonably think to.
Dean felt a lot better after that conversation.
He raised his eyes to watch Dean. Dean looked up and noticed him.
Sam pulled away as Dean vigorously wiped at his face.
Dean has never been here before, but something about it feels as though it wouldn’t be hard to imagine calling it home. And it’s not only the gargoyles that are charmed— Dean can sense heavy enchantments on the whole place.
Cas shakes violently, but nods.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Cas get up and cross the tent, coming into Dean's space.
Cas had produced a number of critter safety spells a while back that made the garden within the walls bumble with creatures. Frogs and bees and moths flittered and hopped throughout the plants Castiel kept. He had long ago given up keeping things too organized, his nerves wouldn’t allow for it. If he tried to grow things in neat beds, they would just spill out into more organic space.
And they stand there, no amulet between them. No God-finding, Sammy-given bit of uncertainty. Just Castiel and Dean, human and so fucking torn up after months of living like this.
Dean even tested the waters, pushed back against Castiel for a moment, moving their magic towards the moonflowers that dotted the fence and giving them a little bit of love to spruce them up to the point that their blooms almost dripped with perfume. Castiel hadn’t even thought to give his moonflowers some affection— they always seemed to just bloom on their own.With a little attention though, they practically dripped with pollen, and Castiel had a feeling there would be more moths around for a while.
And Dean has no idea if anyone is okay. They haven't heard from Jody or Bobby. They tried, in the beginning, to reach out to Bobby. The minute their phones connected the fucking demons were on them, at all angles, trying to get to the stupid amulet that Sam once gave Dean. The same one that apparently can lead them back to God.
"You like?"
Once he's processed this, he just feels numb.
Castiel's expression eases at seeing Dean's face calm and sated. Dean knows he probably looks tired and even more relaxed now.
He likes the open office space, with people chatting and sitting at big conference tables instead of blocky cubicles. He likes that it's in an office north-west of the loop. Even though he has to take a bus now, it's technically closer to home.
"Thanks Sam."
Cas had to mull over those words. This was a rare opportunity where Dean has decided to present some vulnerability, even in the simplest way. Dean’s wishes for Sam, the knowledge that he was aware of how Sam was feeling, wasn't something he would speak about with just anyone.
So Dean shakes his head no.
"I fucking better be! I fucked all this shit up!"
“It's been ages since she’s been happy like this,” Joey said, settling across from Dean at the table in the other room.
huh? You always say the damnedest things."
Cas smiles lightly, "It could, actually."
As much as Cas likes things just so, sometimes he can't have them that way. And when planning doesn't go far enough, Cas tends to slip.
There is a pregnant pause.
Cas is really close, Dean can tell. His body is stiff and jerky. Cas is huffing out breaths and letting short moans rumble from his chest.
"Rim me. I can take you now."
Dean jerks himself tight and fast, thumbing his slit occasionally on an upstroke. Within a minute he can feel himself rushing towards— oh that's it— so close—
Dean kisses back desperately and helplessly tries to thrust up into Cas, squirming against the ties again and making helpless little noises into Cas' mouth.
"Are you still in Italy? It's been forever since we've talked, how was Milan?"
Sam no longer looked angry, he just looked worried, “You guys talked?”
He takes a few more cautious bites of oatmeal before giving up. He sneezes.
Cas yawns and tightens his arms around his husband. God this feels so right. Even with all the conversations that need to be had, it still feels like a step in the right direction to wake up in their space, the two of them touching.
Dean lets sleep nab him before he even has time to feel sorry for himself again.
Cas' voice starts to raise with little "oh!"s and "shit!"s and Dean grins at that.
Sometimes Dean will tell him a story that feels insignificant— like about Sam and him and how they fought over who got a certain themed plastic toothbrush when they were children.
Castiel nodded, keeping his eyes fixed on Dean as he continued to dry the cup he was holding. He left the silence open so Dean could elaborate.
It’s crisp and white, with Cas’ handwriting scribbled, “Happy Birthday Dean” on the front in one of Jack’s Mr. Sketch smelly markers. The grape one, to be exact.
"But," Sam is thinking, "I think Dean has gotten down in the dumps before, y'know? Like mopey."
Finally, Cas spoke up again, "I know you loved and respected your father Dean, but I am in a position in which I believe that many of his actions towards you were unforgivable. You are a good person, with good intentions. Even as a child, your actions likely did not warrant the kind of punishment John gave."
Cas' face falls, "Oh, Dean."
Cas finishes packing up in the late morning and gets everything together into the afternoon. He's got copies of his passport, some money they had exchanged into euros, and one of those weird neck pillows for flying.
"Oh yeah," Dean said, reading Cas' expression, "The whole nine yards. Beat the shit out of me. Called me a pussy, called me a fag. He'd still ask me if I was "man enough" before he sent me off on a case by myself. Told me it was a good thing Sam left when he did so he didn't see me "turn into a slut". Fucker would use it against me," Dean was determined and angry as he spoke.
Dean smiles, feeling a bit better, "I miss cooking for you."
Castiel nods at this, "That's true. Well, if you're sure."
on the word "Daddy" in bed.
"Is that some attitude I'm getting?" Cas asks.
"I think we need to talk about some of the things you mentioned last night. I am concerned about what's going on in your head," Cas begins, "I am also quite worried about your temperature though. I don't want our conversation to make you any less well than you already are."
“What, sitting around in an underground war bunker with me?” Dean joked, but the laugh didn’t reach his eyes.
"Unconditional means that there isn't anything you could do to make me want you less. It means that I am sticking with you through the things you think I shouldn't stick with you for. I love you, and I do it without conditions because I think you deserve to be loved for exactly what you are."
"That's fine with me. You'll need a pillow."
The next day at work is fucking long.
Then he's going to man up. He's going to buy Cas' favorite wine and grocery shop, and when Cas arrives home in two weeks, Dean is going to explain everything very slowly, with a cool head, and let Cas decide how to react. He's going to do his very best to make this easy for Cas.
The first two weeks without Cas actually go fine.
"I-is this Dean?" The young female voice says.
"So, I got an offer today," Cas says casually, after swallowing a bite of spaghetti.
"I fucking love you. You are
Cas will listen and consider— then respond with a story that must seem equally mundane to him, but actually makes Dean's head spin when he remembers just how vast Castiel's existence is; how Cas has been reduced to almost nothing as he sits across from Dean, growing stubble and wearing hand-me-downs.
“I didn’t say that, you know what I mean, Dean.”
This is all just... Dean's.
"God,
Cas nods, leaning in.
But what he found was a collection of— in Cas' opinion— incredibly unnecessary self-deprecations. Dean felt responsible for Sam's unease with life, responsible for not seeing the apocalypse sooner, responsible for letting those around him die, even when he had no hand in it. He felt as though it was his luck that got them into this, every time. His big-mouth, bow-legged, over-confident, kind-hearted, disingenuous, gorgeous, rash and uncaring self that left the people he cared about left in bad spots.
Dean has to agree with that. The situation is so different now.
“I wish he could see how lucky he is. Eileen is practically proposing that they live like married hunters, but all Sam seems to hear is that Eileen has a death wish.” Dean said.
Cas gets out of the Uber on shaky legs and grabs his suitcases. He hefts his backpack to his shoulders and feels the picture of wary.
“That’ll be okay, right? I only get this week off and I really want to come to see you,” Balthazar tries to convince him.
Dean is right— it's Cas. Cas is sat so his back is up against the wood post on the corner of Jack's soon to be bed, and he's got his head between his knees. He's breathing harshly, his body shuttering with exertion.
“Sam… I’ve been trying to figure out something,” Castiel began.
His texts are sweet and light and apologetic. He sends Dean a paragraph describing the pier near him, and a picture of a few Italian watches he is considering buying Dean. He sends goofy emojis and good morning texts. He texts Dean whenever something reminds him of Dean.
No sign of Cas.
John puts it in reverse, “Benny paying you well? This was a long shift.”
Dean makes one of the said noises in agreement, his hand rubbing a little faster than comfortable.
you didn’t tell me right away.”
Cas' eyebrows shoot up in surprise. It's odd that Dean is already so close to the edge, and that Dean is fucked out enough that he isn't able to just slow himself down
Dean chokes a little, his eyes wet, "For theft, Cas. I stole a fucking computer. It was so stupid. I am so fucking stupid. I was seventeen. I spent a whole month in jail, and I was seventeen."
out of control this afternoon. Just out of practice,” Dean tries to comfort.
He could call Sam, but Sam would just call Castiel right away. Sam has seen Dean get like this one too many times, and would drag Castiel home with worrying words like "depressed". Hell, maybe that's what this is, but Dean can't help but feel as though he's still responsible for letting himself end up this way. Depression is when you feel sad over the things that aren't your own fucking fault.
Dean glances at him, and then copies Cas' movements, carefully pulling his shirt away. He hides behind the fabric, moving to go stick it in the hamper.
"Yeah, kid. We are. Cas and I were gonna come up and ask if you wanted to come with us this weekend, actually," Dean says, voice strong and clear.
"My shins bruise shit easy. I remember being black and blue for
Castiel watches as Dean's tongue flicks out to wet his lips, his head bobbing a wordless
Dean and Sam had been tight on money. In a big way. Dad had been "out of town" or something for months. They were doing fine, really. Dean had been paying rent and utilities with the money he had been making, but they desperately needed a new computer for them to share. Their old one couldn't connect to the internet anymore and that was how Sam could access his school shit. Dean was tired of going to the library every time he needed wireless connection. That was also how Dean applied for fucking work and paid the water bill!
"Are you ok?" He asks, his voice fond and quiet.
It feels like it goes on for a long while, and Cas uses his hands on Dean's hips to keep him rolling through it, not letting him back off, even when it gets to be too much. Castiel bites down on Dean's earlobe too, which makes his cock shoot out another stream.
The toughest part about these attacks is that Dean is always left dying to know what caused it. He wants to jump at the problem with claws and protect his husband. The catch is that Castiel is already so anxious thinking about it alone that it made him panic. If Dean pushes him to make it a conversation, Castiel could very well end up reversing right back into panic mode. Plus, after an attack, Cas is usually already panicking about having another one. There's no reason to add to the anxiety.
"I love when you do that— the feeling of it. And I think that you would love it too— perhaps more than I do."
They were mid-fuck, Dean prepped lose and careful with a copious amount of lube. Cas had Dean sitting up above him as he prepped him, their mouths connected in a dirty, tongue-heavy make out. Since they already had Cas on his back, it was easy to help Dean up to his knees and position Dean over Cas' cock.
"Talk to me," Cas pleads.
"Its past midnight," Dean says, trying not to let how tired he is show, "Had a few drinks."
Needless to say, Dean is on board with that one.
"Okay. Just know you can tell me," Cas says reluctantly.
Dean and Cas start having sex again. At first, not in the way that they had previously, but now at least they're doing the slow fucking thing instead of the slow (but hot) foreplay only. Cas is honestly nervous to push Dean further than he's ready for.
"They're called bumpers for a reason," Castiel would say.
“No, you promised you would stay the fuck out of my head!” Dean retorted, backing away from Castiel.
"Can I fuck you?" Cas breathes, all gravelly into Dean's ear.
"If you don't want to be here, I understand," Cas says, quietly, looking downtrodden.
, the voice in the back of his head reminds him.
Cas looks so relieved at Dean's words that Dean wonders if it's bad that it was partially a lie.
They leave Shelia's house with a promise that they will let the agency, Claire, and Jack know soon. Dean winks at Claire on his way out, and Claire's eyes widen like she can't believe it’s actually happening.
Dean feels some heat start to pool in his gut. He misses the way Cas tastes too. In more ways than one. His lips, his sweat, his come.
pass, Dean. It might feel weird, but you've got to try to get something in you."
Castiel grins back.
Cas should have never agreed to the stupid Italy program. With Dean's recent salary secured, it would have only been a couple of years before they would have been more than financially fit to bring a kid into their lives. It was overkill for Cas to take the position.
Jack has given up on organizing and is getting acquainted with the neighborhood on his bike.
John was also angry and homophobic. He would send enough money to quell his own conscious before wasting the rest on drugs and alcohol. He would apologize and beg to sleep on the old sofa. He would berate Dean for his sexuality in the morning before leaving for another few weeks.
Cas knew pretty quickly that he was gay and that he had no interest in people who were living life as though it didn't matter.
Dean frowns again, reaching out to pull himself into Cas' chest. Damn Cas for being all insecure in Dean's afterglow. Dean is supposed to be getting cuddled at the moment.
Dean is glad he doesn't have to look at Cas. It's easier to watch the reality TV show.
It only takes a couple of minutes more, Cas watches as Dean's body becomes fucked-out lazy, his arms relaxing and his tummy sprayed with come. Dean gets his hands free and lets his fingers slide through the mess, grabbing some up and sucking it off his fingers before offering some more to Cas.
Cas rubs his fingers at the wings of Dean's shoulder blades a few times, before getting his nails hooked in his back and dragging down. The sensation makes Dean hiss, and Cas can see the white, some red, trail of nails as it follows down over his ass cheeks and down to his calves.
“Goodb—” The line cuts.
"Are you sure?" Cas sounds worried.
,” Sam bitches.
At this, Cas takes Dean's wrists in hand with a commanding, but gentle grip and flips the both of them over. Cas lifts his hips as far from Dean as he can while still using most of his weight to press Dean down.
Dean sighs, "Angel, I know I've been pretty uncertain lately, but you've gotta tell me when stuff like this builds up. It sucks to see you get this worked up."
“Balthazar?”
“Why not?” Cas asked, genuinely curious.
"Dean!"
Dean is trying to keep on top of his meals and exercise and work. He has trouble sleeping a few nights in a row because its hot and he decided to leave the air conditioning off so he can open the windows.
Dean wipes his lube-cum-covered hand on the sheets and then wraps his arms around his angel. Their sticky covered skin slides together.
Claire will later quietly admit that she has only ever found other girls attractive, even when she was a little kid. She feels less nervous around Dean and Cas because she knows they have no qualms about who anyone loves.
Cas is smiling gently.
Dean realizes now that maybe he's been trying to take control too much. But Dean can't help it— Dean's always in control. He's Dean Winchester, the monster-hunting, world-saving big brother.
His face falters, and their movements start to slow as they both remember that this glitter of happy is just that— a glitter.
Dean is really crying. It's been a long time since he's cried like this.
Dean is nowhere to be seen. The room is a bit musty, as though no one has been in there in a few days.
"Please," Dean whispers, his voice less playful than Cas'.
Cas slowly lets go of Dean's wrists. Dean doesn't fight to get away once he is loose.
Cas gives him that sweet, gummy smile back, "I am aware, Dean. I feel the same."
Dean can barely remember what's going on. He knows he's sort of losing it.
Cas speaks up again after a moment, "Have I said too much?"
Sam’s expression melts out of frustration and into concern, “Dean, I thought you had gotten past this self-worth stuff. I thought you were doing better.”
“I d-don’t even know your name,” Castiel fights weakly.
Dean moans into the sheets. For some reason, that feels almost as good as when Cas touches his dick. Dean is beyond ready to have Castiel in him, now, but Cas just keeps calmly jerking his dick and feeling around in his ass like they have all the time in the world.
Castiel thinks, in the back of his mind, that the word is a little bit cryptic. If this familiar wasn’t doing such a good job making Castiel’s anxieties docile, Cas would be peeling apart the intonation and context as though it contained secrets.
Sam looked so sad, “No Dean, that's not what I meant. But I do think you should listen when he tells you that you deserve to be happy. Deserve to be loved.”
Sam grins.
"Is that what we're doing?" Cas asks, curious.
"Feels good," Dean comments, but it’s slurred with pleasure and alcohol.
. Cas’ chin rests on Dean’s stomach as he speaks, “Look at me.”
“I’m sure they have an inkling if you’ve been seeing them weekly,” Sam says.
Dean quirks an eyebrow, glancing at Cas' dick. Dean doesn't mind the taste of lube, but it certainly isn't needed for a good blowjob.
Dean leans forward letting Cas make their dance become a slow one as he pulls Dean closer and puts his hands on Dean's waist. They sway together slow. Dean puts a hand on Cas' shoulder and sets his chin on it, hiding away to look over Cas' shoulder.
