Castiel didn’t bother turning on a lamp or anything, so between flashes of lightning Dean couldn’t make out much more than the bed, headboard pushed against the north wall, and done up with a patchwork quilt neat as a pin. It was a lot colder up here without the fire, but all Cas had to do was draw him into another kiss to make Dean forget about that.
“There is no right or wrong relationship to poetry,” Castiel said, his voice settling back into lecture mode, “but everyone must reckon with it in some way or another. It’s not just a subject for boring academics like me, nor is it, as some say, only the purview of angsty teens who have no taste.” A chuckle swept through the class, Dean joining in a little ruefully. No shit he’d been an angsty as fuck teen when he’d started writing poetry. “I want you all to do me a favor. Think of all the oldest literature you can, the oldest of the old, of any culture. Then shout it out.”
So he tried again. “Come on, Cas, your family business is pretty awesome, too. Must be something you like about it if you’ve stuck with it this long, right?”
. That doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a couple nice images, decent rhymes, and a strong voice. That’s true too. Your prose is good, Dean, I do have fun reading your monster stories. But your poem really shines. If you practice you could develop quite a skill.”
“The difference is you’re smart and you belong in this world, okay? This was Sam’s world, too, and Eileen’s, but it was never mine.”
For what? Oh. “Sure.” Castiel started drawing, and Dean leaned in to watch. He drew a rectangle and divided it into six boxes. Then, using the first problem on the practice sheet, he explained how to ‘put the man in the box,’ dedicated half the squares to one of the characters in the problem, and the other half to the second. To Dean’s surprise it was actually starting to make sense, so he did his best to push memories of the Pit aside. He had work to do.
A coldly righteous smile spread over Raphael’s face. Slowly he raised his arm, fingers curling inward. Cas leapt to stop him, sword thrust forward and aiming. Raphael touched the pad of his thumb to his fingers as if to snap, and then—
Cas snapped his head back up, blinking a couple times. He wiped his dark hair from his forehead where it was turning damp and sticking. “I’m sorry. A colleague of mine at another university—he and I have some friendly academic debate going. He always finds reasons to dismiss my claims that Jack Allen is an important contemporary poet. Loudly and verbosely.”
The rest of the lodge, now that he had a chance to really pay attention to it, was pretty cool, too. There was the usual stuff from the region, small wood-carved animals, old rusting tools hanging on beams, framed art. He walked the walls, pausing at whatever caught his eye. He particularly liked a painting of a moose drawn with thick black lines, filled with shapes and swirls of reds and yellows and oranges. A painstakingly written card posted next to it named a local artist and shortly discussed his perspective. Sammy would’ve loved it.
Cas sighed. It did seem outlandish that of all the small towns he could have rolled into, he’d rolled into the one with two washed up rock stars: a has-been and a could-have-been. He wasn’t religious, had long since abandoned the idea of any kind of intentful god, but he was not completely blind to the strings of fate pulled by the universe. And the way that Dean had made him feel when he played—that was the way he’d felt whenever he’d heard his best acts for the first time. And he couldn’t quite let go of it.
. Turned the heads of a group of girls drinking milkshakes as he walked by, too. When Castiel sat down they immediately leaned toward each other over their table to giggle and whisper.
He liked it immediately when he walked inside, the walls covered in kitsch and the smell of greasy food making his stomach grumble. He found a small two-person table, and to his delight there were already white saucers with white mugs upturned on them, waiting to be flipped around and filled with coffee.
Tonight Dean lingered. It wasn’t entirely unusual behavior for him; Cas never wanted their nights to end either. He lifted a gloved hand and traced the edge of Dean’s lips, ached to feel his skin with his bare fingers. Dean cupped the hand to his face and leaned into it for a moment, closing his eyes. When he raised his head he didn’t release Cas’s hand. Instead he clung to it, their joined hands a bridge between them. “I, uh, got something to ask you,” said Dean. “You don’t gotta answer right now, but…hold on.” He let go of his hand and dug into his pocket for his car keys; when he opened the Impala he leaned in with one leg still outside of the car, rummaging through his bag. When he popped back out he as holding a ticket. “So my little brother’s been working on this musical at the high school,” he said. “I helped them out a bit, when I had the time. I want you to come see it with me.” He sucked on his bottom lip, then continued, “Obviously you can’t wear your helmet inside the theatre, though. Just think about it.” He offered him the ticket, his whole body a study in vulnerability.
“I think about why I like it,” said Kevin Tran, confident and loud enough for everyone to hear him clearly.
“I like it if it’s something that interests me. That’s the same for anybody, though. These days, no matter what the subject, I’m really, really good at it. From
Dean didn’t waste time asking questions, just slipped inside after him. There was a girl behind the long desk, probably one of the people in charge of opening the place up. Her eyes bulged when she saw them run in. “Hey, you can’t—”
Looked Japanese by the name, but he couldn’t recall Bobby ever talking about him. Then again, this class was about English-language poetry, right? So he wouldn’t have been writing in Japanese. “Never heard of him,” said Dean.
“My anonymity works for me here, but it works on polite fiction. If I started performing every weekend, word would get out.”
The back door creaked open and Dean jumped, but wasn’t quick enough to hide the books. He must have been sitting out there longer than he’d thought, because Bobby and Rufus were done cleaning up.
Dean whipped his head up. Of course, shit. Cas had picked up the paper and spread it flat on the formica. Dean tried to snatch it back, but Cas was too quick.
“Yes, I quit. Thank you for asking. Yes, I’ll be fine. I’ve got a lot saved and I know how to code freelance. Is that Jack?!” She brushed past him to greet the others in another round of hugs.
He repeated all of his reasons that dreaming of possibilities with Cas was a bad idea like a mantra: that they had nothing in common; his brains blew Dean’s out of the water; he was pretty much Sammy’s teacher; that he came from money and…well maybe he wasn’t the golden boy of his family, but that had to be temporary. No one could know Cas and not be impressed by him. Even Ms. Milton seemed to like him, and she never seemed to like much of anybody. The point was that a low class dropout ex-criminal like himself didn’t have much to offer, and it was best to avoid heartbreak before it even started.
Victor chuckled. Smug bastard was actually looking forward to taking down the poor guy. He took a moment to line up his shot amid the chatter of the drunken bar patrons, the dinging in the arcade, the clatter of bowling pins. Then he hit the cue ball, breaking the balls with a sharp crack. He called stripes and landed a couple before missing. “Now you,” he said to Cas.
“The floor will keep,” said Castiel firmly. He parked Dean in front of the chair closest to the fireplace and turned on the table lamp next to it. Immediately after he knelt to start fussing with the kindling.
“Those were the days, man,” he said. “When a guy could just hop in a car and do whatever he wanted. A car, a destination, and a girl, in that order.”
Sam gave a slight, noncommittal nod to the side. “His story is legit, as far as I’ve been able to find. And our conversation convinced me that I wasn’t wrong about him. I mean, Dean, if you could see the way little old ladies are sweet on him at the market. And he’s really good with kids, gives them these honey pops. One of the other stand-owners at the market lets him babysit her one-year-old, for chrissakes. I think our virtue is safe.”
Castiel, god, was there ever a more perfect name for such a rare face? The wind whipped around them in half an embrace, Castiel's dark hair rippling across his forehead like bangs. His eyes shone like beacons between the strands, framed in long dark lashes. Dean was standing so close he could count the drops of mist perched upon them like jewel dust. He didn't think there had ever been anyone else that intrigued him so, that pulled the poet so easily to the surface, that called for words of beauty and strength and utter terror. There was just something so inescapable about Castiel, but Dean couldn't, he couldn't. He daren't even let himself breathe for fear of words spilling out. All the wrong words.
“Uh.” Dean felt pinned, couldn’t look away. He cleared his throat. “I’ve never taken a college class before. Never even graduated high school.”
They both sat back, chastised. After a few seconds Cas leaned in to whisper in his ear. “We need to talk after the show. It’s important.”
All that night he tossed and turned. Two tickets sat on the nightstand: one for Castiel, and one for the biker that everyone still talked about Thursday nights at Harvelle’s. He stared at them, gleaming white and ghostlike in his dark bedroom.
“Pretty much right away, yeah.” They regarded each other for a moment. A distant flash of lightning; a count of two, then a low rumble of thunder. The last of the trucks took off, people shouting goodbye to one another over the wind. Sam cocked his head to watch them go, then turned back to Cas. “Look, I’ve always appreciated that you never made a big deal of it, because I like to keep all of that separate from my home life, but I could use a talk with someone in the business tonight. You got an hour, or does this stuff need to get somewhere right away?”
flying, all that summer, and the next, and the next. When the bump wasn’t enough he ignored the path and the sidewalks altogether, biking through people’s backyards and speeding up and down the rolling hills of the golf course, yelling out anytime he got some decent air. He’d loved it. It was his favorite thing.
“It’s alright,” said Dean. “Just thinking about getting ahold of someone. Is there any cell service at all?” He slipped his phone from his pocket to double-check, still no messages and barely a bar in the upper corner of the little screen.
, said a stupid voice in Dean’s head. A few hours in the thick of night was different from a few hours during the day. In the dark time stretched and molded itself around those left awake in it; thoughts and conversations felt richer and burrowed deeper. Last night had been an eternity of Castiel’s company, and right now Dean was living the regrets he knew he would.
Cas tilted his head noncommittally. He didn’t quite want to let on just how much he still paid attention to the music scene. “This might be forward,” he said, steering around the subject. “But I want to tell you how glad I am to see you well. It’s why I never said anything all this time, you realize? I thought maybe you’d come out here to not be reminded of your previous life.”
“Wanna know where the sights are nearby,” Dean answered. “Especially old things with cool stories behind them. Haunted houses, local legends, you know.” Dean propped his chin on his hand and smiled up at him. “You could show me yourself.”
“Shit, Cas,” said Dean. He was laughing again. He leaned over and scooped his bag from the floor. “Thanks.” Bumping the desk with a knee, he hurriedly stood. Claire’s bee bobbed wildly in the orchid pot. “Good talk.” Dean was out the door before Castiel could even come around his desk.
After a pit stop at his car to grab his tools, Dean walked over to the barn to find the tractor waiting, just like Colette had said. He took his time and did a thorough job of looking through the engine, and checking the tires, everything he could do without being able to put it on a lift. It was only in the upper 50s or low 60s, and the wind was cold, but there were no clouds to shade the sun and soon Dean had his flannel tied around his waist, and sweat was starting to soak through his plain shirt.
Tears welled up in Castiel’s eyes, drawing out sparkles in the blue like the sun on the lake. “Some of us do.”
“He never knew about me going out and—he never knew about it,” Dean interjected. Defending John Winchester was something his brother often gave him grief for growing up; Dean didn’t want to derail the conversation, but it was very important to him Sam understood this. “I never let him. And he definitely never knew about Jack Allen, so.”
Dean sipped his coffee. It definitely wasn’t gourmet, but it was a long sight better than the instant dishwater they had at most motels, perfectly hot and bitter and wakeful.
About the only time Cas didn’t refuse Dean’s help was after dinner when all the guests were gone. Then they’d take turns choosing records as they swept, mopped, and dusted the whole lodge. If sometimes rolling up the rug to sweep underneath became cutting a rug instead, well, that was their business.
No one clapped, though the band didn’t seem to expect it; they turned to each other and were probably discussing the set up, if how Mullet jumped up from the drums to fiddle with the equipment was anything to go by, but…Cas didn’t move. Couldn’t.
“Shut up,” he answered, but couldn’t stop smiling. Dean pulled back and put his hands on either side of Sam’s head, forcing him to pay attention. “I’m proud of
An oily laugh oozed from Alastair’s lips. “We can do a lot of damage before your backup gets here, sheriff,” he said. “And if you’re waiting for your own backup, Dean, I want you to know…he’s not coming.”
“Flatterer,” said Karen, giving him a light swat with the freshly delivered newspaper, not yet unrolled.
, empty, but empty of words. Just feelings, images. The smell of the hospital, Karen’s pale face, Bobby stroking his beard, the aged, knowing look in Sammy’s eyes. Charlie’s tears. His mother’s hair.
Then another feeling surged in his chest, small but bright. The small seed that grew every time his scores rose on his practice tests. The thing that blossomed when he’d taken a chance on the Rider, and was rewarded a hundredfold. The one that pulsed
He smiled so big it hurt. “I’ll remember.” That was probably good enough, for if he took on the case and happened to run into her. He poked at his last couple pieces of bacon. “Why did you come all the way to Paradise Cove for breakfast?”
Her red hair was hanging in her face, but he could just see an eye through the limp strands. Apparently coming to the conclusion he meant no harm, she answered “Hey,” but nothing else.
Suddenly the Hellraisers were very coordinated. They rumbled toward the exit, but the rider headed them off at the pass, and the newly arrived cop cars did the rest.
The group of people around Dean crowded closer, Sam ready to tackle him at any moment, no doubt. But there was no need. He wasn’t going to let anyone else fight his battles, and this one was a long time coming. He wasn’t that kid Alastair had duped anymore. He was strong on his own, smarter than he thought, even, good for something more than just what he could do with his hands. And he had his own club behind him, more or less. Maybe this wasn’t going to end well, but somehow he found faith that it was enough. That he was enough. Dean smiled, but not the cold, dangerous one he’d learned in the Pit to keep the dogs at bay. It was a new smile, one that spoke of pain and love lost and hard-won experience. The sort of smile that said,
Dean watched his little brother, his patented kicked puppy look melting into defeat. God, how was that even worse than the puppy look? “Of course not,” he said. He thought back to their father’s last breath, and to the funeral itself. “No, I never thought that.”
“What? Would have what, Dean? Dad was already your burden. I sure as hell wasn’t going to be another.” He swallowed some beer, half-defiant, half-resigned.
“Yeah, he would. But I don’t know really who was raising who, sometimes. We were both kids, you know? My mom and dad were too in love with the music and the lifestyle to have much room for anything else. If they didn’t play so well together, I don’t think they would have had much room for each other, either.” The thought didn’t hurt as much as it used to, Dean was surprised to find. He and Sam were so far beyond that, now. “They were real rebels, though. I’ll give them that.”
Without thinking Dean slipped his phone out of his pocket, flipped it open to again find no messages. He flipped it back shut and twirled it idly on the table, its dull silver shell staring blankly up at him.
Dean opened his mouth, coaxed the Rider into taking the lead. He didn’t jump in with the rushed energy of a drunken one-night stand, or take rough, biting possession. The Rider swept in with confidence and control of a man who knew exactly what he was capable of. Took what was offered to him and nothing more. Gave Dean everything he needed. Christ, were his knees actually going weak? It might have just been exhaustion, because after an age of deep, tingling kisses his mouth went slack. He dragged his wet lips across the Rider’s stubbled jaw and dropped his head onto his shoulder. The Rider adjusted their embrace, arms steady across his back, body soft to the touch but harder than steel, supporting Dean’s weight with no effort. He was so fucking solid, like nothing could get through him. In that moment, Dean believed it. Tears pricked in his eyes. He couldn’t even remember the last time he didn’t have to be a son or a brother or a worker or anything that someone needed. With the Rider holding him, he could stand there and just
“It…” Kevin fiddled with a pen as he thought. “It expresses emotions and truths in a way you can understand them, on a gut level. Not an intellectual one, you know?”
After a quick shower and a fresh set of clothes, an even quicker text to Colette to say he’d be out closer to town if she or Cain thought of anything he needed to pick up, and grabbing his trenchcoat off one hook and his car keys next to it, he was out the door. The truck, in fact, was Cain’s; the only other thing Cas had saved from his old life was his car, a bright blue 1963 Jaguar Mark X. He called him the Funkbird.
“Because it has one of the best races to the finish of any song in modern times. And it seems fitting.” He raised an eyebrow, thumb hovering over the wheel.
“You think I didn’t sniff around first?” Sam leaned in again, elbows on the table, large hands engulfing his drink. His hair fell forward, half-covering his face. “You think I haven’t known the Mullens, Nora, everyone else in this town far longer than you?”
how tall he’s gotten, but like, he’s so smart and he’s gonna get into a good school and they’d be so happy, I swear.”
The last drips of water plunked off the showerhead. The heat lamp buzzed; the curtain’s plastic rings clacked as Dean stepped onto the small bath mat. He pulled the nearest towel off the rack and gave his hair a quick rub as he walked out of the bathroom, flicking both switches off as he went.
“I’m not looking for your money, Dean. I have plenty of vacancies so you wouldn’t be taking the spot of a paying customer. Stay as my personal guest.”
) and he grit his teeth as he pulled his bag out of the car with him. He’d drawn the line at a backpack, so Sam had lent him one of his old messenger bags from law school. All it had in it was a notebook, a pencil, the poetics guide, and the syllabus Cas had given him.
Bones had abandoned the ball, distracted by an interesting smell somewhere to the left of the house. Sam kept his eyes on the dog. “But it’s our music? You and me?”
A flash of excitement rose up in him, something akin to nerves, an almost chaotic anticipation. “Get a hold of yourself,” Cas muttered, shucking the rest of his clothes. But he couldn’t help it. He loved music enough to keep track of trends and find new up-and-comers to listen to, but live music was something he’d avoided these last several years. Suddenly he was seventeen again, milling in front of club doors, ready to run inside the second they opened so he could be first on the floor. He could almost feel the press of bodies, the smell of sweat, the skunk of weed lying like a blanket in the humid air, the way the crowd undulated to and from the stage like tides under the moon. This was going to be nothing like those old days, but new music, live music, hearing Sam Winchester perform for the first time in ages, and hearing Dean again…
. Wordlessly, he flails an arm toward the nightstand on his side of the bed and Cas leans up across his body to open it and fish around. He feels the guy freeze.
Dean slides him a menu, but it’s difficult to concentrate, the words blurring together as his gaze drifts between the laminated pages and Dean’s face across from him. He can’t help but be overwhelmed, both by his curiosity about Dean’s “offer” and by the mere proximity of the man. It’s no more a date than last night; just two acquaintances getting lunch. There’s a dangerous sliver of hope, however, one that makes him naively wish these meetings, and meals together, will continue. The dark cloud above it tells him there’s no point. But if he stayed, maybe—
his. Returning to Boston has never felt so wrong. How can he, after having the world at his fingertips?
Closing his eyes, he sees Castiel’s soft lips. His long, pink tongue wetting them before they meet Dean’s and fuck, Cas tastes like Heaven, smells like sunshine and rain and Dean wants more,
He’s told himself for weeks he’ll do anything to remain by Dean’s side, even if it means keeping these feelings to himself, even if all he’ll ever have is Dean’s friendship. But every so often Dean does or says something to give Castiel a tantalizing sort of hope which he clings to for dear life in spite of the voice in the back of his mind insisting it’s foolish, unreasonable, dangerous. It’s as though he’s suspended at the edge of a cliff and one wrong step will send him plummeting to the bottom, yet he can’t help feeling it’s worth it anyway if with the right step, he’ll spread wings and, free for the first time, fly.
Arms bulging within the rolled-up sleeves of his white button-down, Cas grunts and lowers his payload to the floor. He stretches as he stands, eyes closed, one hand pressed to the small of his arched back, and Dean
Doesn’t realize until he gets there that he didn’t bother asking Cas what kind of pizza he likes, but knows he isn't a vegetarian (thank God) so he ends up ordering two; classic pepperoni and cheese, and one with all the meats because hell, he’s earned the right to splurge a little after such a busy week.
married,” Jo says, head tossing back with a laugh. Sam hides his grin poorly behind twitching lips while Jess and Charlie giggle quietly to themselves.
“Oh, uh,” Dean mumbles, embarrassed, “Harvelle’s is right over there.” He points to the timeworn sign on the building across the street then steps off the curb, waving for Cas to follow.
Dean didn’t think it was possible for his heart to sink lower, but it does anyway. He ducks his head.
Sam’s silent throughout the exchange. Arms crossed, eyes flickering between the three of them as though they’re empty boxes on the New York Times crossword and he’s working over the clues in his mind.
“It’s a hangover cure, Cas. What kinda rock you been livin’ under?” And then, with a noticeably teasing lilt, “Aren’t you a
He scrambles to grab it and slick it up, eagerly aligning the plug with his stretched and needy hole. It slides in with just enough resistance to elicit a hiss, and being much thicker in girth than his fingers alone, nestles directly against his prostate when he sits back on his heels again. He shudders, an electric tingle lighting along his spine.
Living with Bobby was meant to be a temporary convenience because Eden’s not exactly bursting with real estate options and it allowed him to save up for the business and Sammy’s education. But it’s been less than convenient for Dean’s love life, or rather, the lack thereof.
Dean’s face warms and eyes prickle. Vision blurring, he blinks back tears. He struggles against the sensation, lungs tight, and breathes in through his nose as best he can.
That was the last thing Dean needed right now. An all-too effective reminder of Cas’ warm, toned, still wet body standing only inches from his own. It’s difficult, so damn difficult, to tear his eyes away from the gorgeous unblinking ocean of blue staring back at him. The plump, pink lips surrounded by what he suspects is permanent stubble. The sharp, glistening divot of Cas’ clavicle. And son of a bitch, he smells
, he thinks, but he can’t tell who he’s angrier with. His father, brother, or himself. Probably the latter, if he’s honest.
The younger Winchester balances a large, covered bowl between his hip and the crook of his arm. “It’s Mediterranean quinoa salad, Dean.”
“Thank you, Dr. Berry,” comes a hushed voice from somewhere. Maybe the hallway. Who the hell cares right now.
It fills him with warmth, and not because he hopes it means he’s getting lucky tonight (fine, whatever, that’s definitely part of it) but mostly because Cas is a case he’s excited to crack, and few things can make a man talk like a good drink, better music, and a cozy, dimly lit booth, all of which he knows await them at Harvelle’s.
That said, he knows she isn't who he wants. No one else will do, that's why his dumb ass hasn't gone to the city bars in months. He's pining like a damn sap.
Dean risks a furtive glance and is startled to see Cas looking forlorn, though his tone hadn’t betrayed the emotion. His gaze mile-long, unblinking and shiny. The corners of his lips are downturned and there's a heaviness around him, a reflection of the man Dean first met, so burdened and alone. Dean hates it, wants to take all that away for him, find each wound and kiss them better. They haven’t spoken much about past relationships before, or even preferences, come to think of it. Do Cas’ scars look and feel like his?
“Cas…” His eyes flutter closed, mind slipping into the warm, pleasant haze of that special place, the one that allows him release, relief.
His thrusts are shallower now, frenzied as he clings desperately to the body underneath his. Their mouths meet, awkward and messy and perfect, and it’s all he needs to topple over that cliff, his cock pulsing within Dean, hips stuttering as he rides those final waves. They remain that way for a long moment, neither ready to let it end, but inevitably the exhaustion sets deep into Castiel’s bones and with one final gasp he slips free, smoothing a comforting hand down Dean’s arm when he whimpers from the loss. They collapse together, side by side, breathing hard with limbs thrown akimbo.
A memory long-buried flashes through Castiel’s mind. It was his final year of boarding school; he’d made a close friend there, one he’d begun developing interest in. When a classmate took notice and made an offhand joke, much like this one now, about the two possibly “hooking up”, Bartholemew responded defensively and with obvious revulsion. The friendship dissolved quickly after that, as his friend became distant and the two grew apart. After graduation, Castiel never saw him again, and he put the whole thing behind him—or so he thought.
It’s beautiful but obviously neglected if the high, unruly grass overrun by weeds is anything to go by. Two stories with shiplap that might have once been white, a broad porch that wraps around the entire front of the house, and long, thick columns. Two separate buildings sit on the property further out; a barn, and another that looks like an enormous garage with corrugated metal double doors.
Distracted, he nearly misses the way Dean’s eyes are roving down, lingering on his biceps where they strain against the shirt before bouncing back up to meet Castiel’s startled gaze. He feels heat rising to his cheeks and shifts on his ass.
Cas screws it on and collapses back on the floor in an exhausted heap, breathing hard. Their eyes meet, and Dean braces himself for a verbal berating when instead, Cas bursts into raucous laughter, shoulders shaking and head thrown back. The sound is contagious. Before he knows it, they’re both giggling like little kids, sitting in the pool of slush even as it soaks and stains their clothes.
No, this wasn’t quite it; Dean was too agitated. There was clearly something deeper. “It’s hard to say,” he ventured. When that earned him a half-hidden glare—Dean was clearly onto his hedging—Castiel switched tacks. “Let’s stick with Brutus. Do you like his poetry?”
“He said, if he had spent more time on poetry, he would have been a better poet. But working to end apartheid and other injustices in the world was more important work. And that is how he chose to spend his time.”
Hearing the plea for mercy in his voice, Cas stepped away. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, I thought—But I was wrong,” he babbled. “Forgive me Dean, please.”
Dean was scared too. He sat up, digging his hand into his thigh to keep calm. “Sam, that’s how Mom died. That’s exactly how Mom died.”
They were closer to the cliffside path than the road, so Dean slammed out the back door of his cabin to confront them. “You know I’m this close to calling the police for trespassing and harassing the property owner,” he announced.
The Rider was speeding up, but so were the others and the parking lot just wasn’t that big. It was a high-speed, split-second game of chicken and if the Rider miscalculated even an inch—
“Don’t got much,” he answered. He popped the trunk while Sam opened the back door of the Impala, showed Jack the little army men stuck in one of the doors. Dean only had a duffle packed, and one box. Duffle had clothes. Box had a few pictures, but was mostly books.
“Like they’re so caught up in dancing that it doesn’t matter that they’re bumping into things or getting scrapes or bruises, because they’re enjoying the moment and having the moment together. Like you know, his dad probably works hard what with his hands being dirty, right, so it’s a treat when he comes home and horses around with his kid.”
“Um,” said Chuck, with a nervous titter. “Well. That’s a loaded question. Like, is this an existential thing, or?”
“Um, do you wanna switch?” Dean asked, breaking the comfortable silence that had settled between them. He wiggled his book in invitation.
talked to us about that. And he had that soccer trophy I’d won in sixth grade. It was weird that you put it there, but—”
The song ended. The record turned, but the needle skipped on nothing. Cas stilled their movements and slowly withdrew, leaving Dean standing alone, staring out across the dining area and into the deep, dark night, low thunderheads blocking every bit of sky. The fire crackled like static in his head; its shadows danced tauntingly around the room. He knew what he wanted. He knew it. Would it be so bad if he let himself have it? No one would know, not Dad, not anyone. He could have this. Just for tonight, right?
Dean hesitated. Dean wasn’t inclined to trust psychics on instinct; most of them were hucksters, and the real ones were even more dangerous. Dad had mentioned that a couple times. They weren’t monsters, technically, nor witches. So it wasn’t black magic but it was undeniably supernatural and he could think of nothing good that would come of talking to one. But then he thought of her reading Patience that picturebook yesterday morning.
But looking at Sam, his wedding ring that reflected the dim light in the bar, the protective look in Ellen’s eyes…the kindness he’d shown in helping Cas pack up, with an ease that spoke of familiarity to hard work. Cas simply could not believe he had any ill intent. It was just as likely that, all these years later—especially if he’d broken ties with everyone from the industry as rumor had it—he was merely looking for a little camaraderie. “I went for a stretch. A year or so after you left the scene.”
After dinner Eileen took her turn with Jack while Sam got some work done at the kitchen table. Dean washed the dishes, replaying the conversation he’d had with Missouri in his head.
“Why are more people coming to your shows, do you think?” he asked her. “Is it that you’re playing more music from your own childhoods?”
Dean had a chill that had nothing to do with the wind wicking the sweat from his skin. By the time he and Sam had settled in the area permanently, Cain had already established himself in the community. He was Colette’s husband, for one, and she was well liked. Besides which, if he kept to himself and didn’t add much to a conversation, well what was the big deal? There were plenty of people around who could claim Scandinavian ancestry. Being stoic, guarding your privacy, these were things the locals understood. If Cain kept his head down, who would think to question him?
“You kidding me?” Dean answered. He took the tie and tossed the ribbon part around Cas’s neck, then clipped it together with the bow in the front. He adjusted his gift to make it sit just so. Wild sex hair? Nerdy bow tie? Dirty, sweaty t-shirt? This wasn’t his rider, or his nerd. This was Dean’s man. “Best of both worlds,” he grinned.
“You’re very welcome, but are you alright?” Castiel looked worried and confused, and Dean felt bad enough already. He wanted to explain but he couldn’t, he just couldn’t.
He looked back at Dean, who’d set his guitar in its stand along with the two women and their own instruments, and laughed at something the blonde said. Walker had been the lead vocalist for The Vampirates. Cas couldn’t remember ever hearing Dean even do back up vocals, had only been the rhythm guitarist. What had he been doing out of the spotlight? No wonder Cas hadn’t recognized him, or his playing.
He’d stayed in the driveway at first, turning endless circles, if he could complete them. Most of the time, the second he moved the handlebars the bike would tip too far, and his toes would scrabble for purchase on the concrete. After countless scrapes and bruises, he could manage a large circle in the driveway, nine times out of ten. Then he took it further. He biked down the block, did his best to brake, hop off, turn his bike around, hop back on and bike back. Then, daringly, he would go to the end of the block and turn by arcing across the street. Then he found the neighborhood bike path, and went a little farther every time, until he found a road block: the asphalt was old and had created a crack in the path that, over the years had been patched and patched and patched until a small hill of new asphalt had been poorly added on top. To adults, and even other kids he went biking past, it was just a bump in the road. But Castiel, whose scrapes and bruises had finally healed, was wary of it. Even when he meant to, he never worked up quite enough speed to get past it, instead hitting it head on and falling to either side, though these days he was an expert at planting his foot and stopping the momentum before he took a complete spill.
“A menu,” said Castiel, sliding a half-sheet of thick, worn white paper in front of Dean. “I’ll get you water in a moment. Coffee?”
Dean kissed him again once, twice, then ripped himself away to peek into the kitchen. “Ellen, can I—”
Castiel whipped the towel from his shoulder and dabbed at the jelly, which of course left a stain. “There’s a utility building out by the pool where you can do laundry, whenever you like.”
“It’s a pretty good song. Quality’s for shit,” Bobby said, “but the song’s pretty good. Doesn’t mean you have to play it 500 times,” he added pointedly.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Real nice, Dean.” She switched her beer to her left hand and held out her right. “I’m Charlie. This is Billie, and that’s Victor. So how do you know my stunningly attractive and yet lacking in manners friend?”
“Yeah, yeah, yuck it up wiseguy,” said Dean as Cas laughed some more. “Let’s see how much you’re laughing when we listen to your ipod, huh?” His stomach rumbled. “After you feed me.”
“So good.” Dean used the napkin around the sandwich to wipe his face a bit, resulting in a glob of jelly hitting his shirt. “Definitely going to need to do laundry ASAP, though.”
After school, Castiel stood fidgeting in front of the theatre doors. Donna had found him after the last class of the day, pressing the theatre keys into his hand, an apology on her lips as she broke the news that he had to take lead with the new club. She was going to help as much as she could, but since she hadn’t planned for this her schedule didn’t allow for her to be there everyday, and Castiel’s did. Which meant that he soon found himself the lone object of several pairs of eyes waiting expectantly for some kind of wisdom.
The creep opened his mouth, but before whatever poison he’d concocted fell from it, a new engine sounded. It was coming from Dean’s right, past all the guests’ cars and into the scrapyard itself. They hadn’t heard it coming over the sound of the Hellraisers’ choppers because now it was close, very close, and Dean’s heart soared. It was the sound of his faith being vindicated. Then rev - bang! - rev - bang!: the Cool Rider was there, on the roof of an SUV. The sun was shining directly behind him, casting him as a living shadow looming large over the scene. It was fucking majestic.
Cas did have to think about it. It’s not that he’d never found anyone interesting but what it came down to, was that it was “Never enough to break the rules.”
like…well like I don’t think it ever used to be. We were born into it. We thrive on it. And the way Dean plays…”  Sam shrugged and shook his head, unable to find the words. He took a swig of his beer and watched the growing crowd around them. Then he locked back onto Cas. “Look. We lost our parents early, which isn’t easy. And then—when I thought I’d grown up—I pushed him away, taking the songs we wrote together and letting them get twisted into something else. The label convinced me I was better than him, that he was holding me back. For a while I believed it. So then Dean went off and joined his own band, they got caught up in the life and drowned and he nearly drowned himself…and he must have been a damn mess but when I finally swallowed my pride and called him for help, after
“Do anything interesting today?” asked Sam. “You were pretty quiet at dinner.” He set one stack of papers aside and took a long slug from his beer bottle.
The music slammed him back into his childhood home, specifically the floor of Gabe’s room. He’d had a habit of hiding out in there—how could Castiel have forgotten?—and Gabriel had never much cared, as long as he stayed quiet and minded his business. Castiel never complained, or tattled about what he overheard Gabe saying or planning on the phone as he talked to friends for hours. Gabriel would always have music running on his stereo, and there was a whole month he blasted nothing but Aqua just to piss off Michael, who hated it. It was strange; there must have been many afternoons, but the song conjured up a particular one because he could see Gabe perfectly, his purple striped socks, the green lollipop he took out of his mouth as he laughed hard at something a friend said on the phone, and the wink he’d thrown at Cas when he caught him looking.
He ducked his head and stopped looking. What did it matter? He’d hung out with the guy for a few hours, so what?
Once out of the car the parking lot funneled people down toward the visitors’ center with a couple sets of glass double doors. Inside Dean had to wait in line at the long desk, behind families and retirees and people picking out what they wanted from the big gift shop. The noise of the crowd echoed around the room.
Castiel loved his quiet life in Maple Hills. It was nothing like the quiet of his childhood home, which was born from fearful obedience. It was the quiet of a life finally settling onto the track it needed to be: he had the satisfaction of a secure job now that a college had at last agreed to tenure him (Missouri had a lot to do with that, he was sure), a cozy little apartment above the coffee shop in the town center, enough literature to keep his mind active and his soul free, and best of all, colleagues he respected and friends he cherished. No, there didn’t seem to be romance or family in his future any time soon—a small town did tend to put a damper on prospects, even one so beautiful as Maple Hills—but he much preferred his solitude to the possibility of settling for the wrong person. Not when he knew so intimately what it was like growing up with people who stayed together for all the wrong reasons.
The fear grew in him like a poison. He stared back out the window, wanting to close his eyes to the storm and fearing the ignorance of it equally. Years of hunting had honed his instincts, let him know the difference between imagined and real danger, but cold and hungry and alone he suddenly wasn’t so sure. That’s what he got for sleeping instead of eating.
Dean crossed his arms on the desk and leaned in. Cas leaned forward a bit in response. Licking his lips, Dean said, “Cheeseburger. Extra onions. Fries.”
First things first: a tune up. He checked all the parts like Bobby and Karen had taught him, put fresh fuel in the tank. Nothing seemed to have gone wrong over the winter. His bike was ready to go. He kicked up the side stand and wheeled it—her—out into the sunshine. They crunched together across the gravel, wet bits clinging to the once pristine tires. When he stepped into the brown grass it squelched. The ground was fully wet, and once Cas got past the last of the cars in the scrapyard, he could see large puddles gleaming all over the empty field. He walked his bike to the edge of it; the nearest puddle was clear and deep as a tide pool, with dark, dead leaves left over from the fall caught beneath its surface. This was going to get dirty.
A took a second for the penny to drop. “From the bowling alley?!” Charlie screeched. “Since when have you been hanging out with him? Who is he? Why didn’t you tell us?”
After the half-sarcastic chorus of “aw”s that she got in response, Dean realized that all over again he was the odd one out, because she was clearly a former teacher and they all knew who she was. Perfect.
That forced Dean up. It was easier to look at Cas when he wanted to glare. “I don’t want your fucking charity.”
Fuck, most of the people in his contacts never spoke to him at all unless they needed something for a hunt.
Besides, he always had a great deal of grading to do during the school year. And while it wasn’t as cozy as his apartment, Castiel liked his office, too: the shelves filled with books, the little plants he bought from the flower shop in town, Claire’s bee, the way he could turn around in his chair and look out his windows onto campus, and the old stone chapel sitting on top of the hill. It was a good thing, because his lower level classes were always too full. His own fault, of course. Students would beg him to authorize overrides when the courses were filled to capacity, and if they wanted his instruction badly enough to bother, who was he to say no? Castiel was sure this was a factor in other colleges refusing him tenure, but he couldn’t regret it.
“What’s your pseudonym?” Castiel had to hear the words straight from his mouth. Because if this was a cruel prank, Dean should at least have the balls to say it to his face. And if it wasn’t a prank…
Usually in the face of so fine a specimen Dean would find himself either speechless or stuttering. But there was something about being around someone who was so deeply inhabiting their truest selves, a kind of freedom, and it pulled Dean like a moth to the flame. Dean just
“His music produced by Hellfire was boring.” Her smile let Cas know that she was perfectly aware that
Nothing doing. He rolled up his sleeves—metaphorically, he didn’t want to get sick—and opened the bed of his truck. After he loaded all the boxes of honey, soaps, and candles he went back for the table. It was one of those industrial tables you find everywhere, with metal legs that folded in, but when he tipped it over to knock in the joints they wouldn’t go. The anger that rose within him was sudden—but when years ago he would have lashed out, now he took a deep breath, let the cool air soothe him, imagined the rain washing his ire away, and directed that energy back toward the table. Once, twice, and again he pressed his boot to the joint, and with a protesting shriek it finally gave. Cas sighed, part relief, part letting go, letting go. He gripped the long edge of the table and listened to the rain drumming onto the stand’s tarp roof.
That gave Castiel pause. He halted and turned on his heel to glared down at Chuck. The prophet glowered down at a bottle of whiskey he was unscrewing. “How long have you been here, Chuck?”
She cuffed him lightly on the back of the head. “It’s a living. But right now I’m on vacation, and it’s time for me to go back to enjoying it.” She pointed at the card. “Don’t be a stranger.”
She looked up at him, surprise and happiness evident in her face, and picked up the notebook with care. He didn’t say a word as she read through the poem, several pages long, just sat down and tapped his fingers on the bag in his lap and quietly jiggled his leg where she couldn’t see. Missouri’s gaze was serious, professional, almost to the end. Then she softened and gently laid the notebook back onto the desk. “It’s beautiful, Dean.”
“Seriously, I’m good,” said Dean once he swallowed. Time to lay the groundwork. “I was actually planning to head toward Hibbing, see more of the Iron Range.”
Dean turned his head to stare him down, eyes making subtle movements like he was searching for something. “What about your family? Why didn’t you go home for break? Aren’t they missing you?”
The engines were loud even from that distance, and they could hear shouts being traded back and forth, but not quite what. It must have been really something, though, because suddenly the Rider shifted into gear and rode out into the street. All five of the Hellraisers wasted no time in following, peeling out of the lot to make chase. They didn’t even look back.
Their little house, snug between its neighbors, maybe needed a bit of care—Sam and Eileen were both very busy, and with a small child to boot—but with the shades yet to be drawn over the front windows Dean could see his enormous little brother chasing Jack around the living room, and all the love and happiness it entailed. It was a good house. A good home. Sam had grown and built himself something and found a good partner to build it with. That pane of glass between them may as well have been a brick wall for all Dean felt he’d taken a wrong turn somewhere, been left behind. Still mired in old ways, old thoughts. Old fears.
He strode past the house and around toward the shed. He shivered—a bit from excitement, a bit from the cold, early spring wind. He was a bit underdressed in a t-shirt and jeans, but he was under no illusions that he wouldn’t be taking a few dives on his first day out and wasn’t interested in a dry-cleaning bill. Between the gusts the sun felt warm enough, though, and the only patches of snow stubbornly clinging on were the once huge drifts built up from shoveling and snowblowing, storm after storm. The area around the shed was clear, if a little damp, and in no time Cas had the door unlocked and was pulling the tarp off his bike at last.
Then Alastair caught his breath. A wheezing chuckle tripped from his chest, a grin appearing as a slash of white in the blood on his face. “You’re going to have try harder than that,” he said.
It was so long since he’d bothered making friends, but maybe he’d gone and made a friend without knowing it.
The night drew on, soft and ever so slightly chilly in the early New England fall. Jack soon crashed, the energy he’d gained from his couple bites of pie all expended on the fireflies. Alex gently led him back inside the house and in a flash Dean was there, picking him up and smiling as the child rubbed his eyes. It was exceptionally cute. “Tired, buddy?” he asked. Jack nodded, and buried his face in Dean’s shoulder.
Dean wagged his finger. “My kind of order, Cas,” he said, heading back to the kitchen, “my kind of order.”
“Does he, though?” Sam waved at someone who just came in, but promptly turned back to Cas. They had to lean closer now that the noise level was going up. “I’ve thought about this for a long time. Trying to figure out when I stopped being happy playing music. And I’m not sure exactly when it started, but by the time I hated it? It’s when Dean was no longer around. I might be willing to come back into the public to play, and write songs, but not as whatever Azazel and Ruby built me up to be. Just as myself, playing with my brother, just as himself. It was the family business, you know.”
Castiel was torn between smiling and scowling. He’d never seen a man go from gruff to adorable so quickly, but the embarrassment was edged in a deep shame that was all too easy to see. And that, Castiel would not have. “I know exactly what you mean,” he said. “I’ve never thought of putting it that way before, but then again, I’m not a poet. You have a way with words, Dean.”
The chorus had a woman singing, heavily produced, until the last line was sung in the very deep, masculine voice of the lead singer.
“Give me a break, Dean,” said Sam. “I don’t miss the groupies or the drugs or the, the sold-out stadiums or even fucking Ruby, okay? I miss…” He looked heavenward, lifting and dropping his hands, exasperated. “Performing in front of people. Sharing music. Being onstage with you. Driving across the country in the Impala. Hell, even those stupid cassettes you refuse to get rid of. It’s not like I want to be on tour all the time. This is my home now, and I wouldn’t want to be away from Eileen too long anyway. But is it so bad that I actually want an expert to hear our music for once and tell me what he thinks? Can I at least have that?”
“Hellraisers,” the Rider snarled. In less than a second he went from relaxed to a coiled panther crouched over his bike, ready to spring. He revved his engine. “I’ll draw them off,” he shouted over it. “Just call the cops, Dean!” With that he kicked off straight into a hairpin turn and gaining momentum, aimed himself straight toward the oncoming gang, the strap of his helmet flapping after him, still undone.
Since the drive over to Maple Hills was probably going to be the best part of his day, he rummaged through his box of cassettes and popped Zepp’s
“See you around, Cas,” Dean said at length. Cas gave him a desultory wave, backing up a few steps before turning to go inside the house. Dean slammed his door shut and carefully maneuvered the Impala back through all the gravel, listening to the crunch under the tires, the soft tinks of tiny rocks hitting the undercarriage. When he reached asphalt he pushed in the cassette tape and AC/DC blasted from the speakers. Dean put the pedal to the metal and grinned: Hans Zimmer might be great for picking rocks, but rock would always be the right pick for the open road.
Dean takes it gratefully, not even bothering to argue as groggy as he looks now with those few minutes of rest. He lets Castiel clean him with gentle strokes of the cloth, though he does jolt at the shock of cold when it touches his oversensitive skin. Castiel is especially careful of those places, slow and calm.
“That sounds nice, Dean. Why don’t you bring the food up while I”—he gestures to his body—“get dressed.”
Shifting awkwardly, pain lances through him again, cutting off that train of thought. “Ugh… I’m gonna regret this in the morning.”
Wearing a thin, baggy pastel-blue linen tunic and matching pants from Banes’ Boutique, Max and Alicia’s hippie consignment store, Cas looks like the fifth Beatle during their acid phase. He fluidly shifts into a new pose. Standing straight, his forearms twist vertically in front of his chest as he lifts a foot, tucks it around the back of his calf, and sinks into some kinda squat. Dean can see the muscles of his thighs strain in this position, the striations of his back and shoulders flexing while he balances there on one foot.
His eyes go wide as the sultry female voice penetrates his brain. Cas is staring at him. He’s staring at Cas, probably has been for a while. Again. And Meg’s standing there, arms crossed, staring at both of them. His face feels like an inferno.
The rain and thunder fade and flicker out, the hand on gooseflesh-riddled skin his only remaining tether. Cas is the solidity against his side, his dream-mind supplies, and fuck if that doesn’t send another heady rush of
Cas turns his head to look at him, eyes wide, but doesn’t move. “What?” Dean lays on his side and holds up the blanket, gesturing an invitation for Cas to scooch over. “Are you… are you sure?”
A barely concealed shudder rolls down Dean’s spine at the low, authoritative tone. He looks away, hoping the other man doesn’t notice just how affected he is, and briefly wonders if Cas is always so bossy. If so, they might end up butting heads more than he thought. Although it’s incredibly hot, if anyone’s gonna be the stubborn bastard in this house, it’s him. Cas will just have to learn to deal with it.
When he returns, Dean is, surprisingly, still asleep. Leaning on the doorway, he smiles, sipping his coffee and watching for a moment. His eyes fall to the floor next to his side of the bed where his briefcase sits against the wall, kept there for easy access when he needs to check his email. Something he’s been admittedly lax about for the last several days. He sets the coffee mug on the nightstand and fishes out his laptop, then sits on the bed up against the headboard. Dean flinches from the disturbance and Castiel freezes, but all the man does is grumble and roll onto his back, the pillow still firmly clutched to his chest.
He eases Dean to the side and props him against the headboard and pillows before lurching to his feet. The world swims a little, but he manages to right himself enough to navigate around the bed. He doubts Dean would appreciate the removal of any further clothing, and he’d long since discarded his boots, belt, and overshirt, so Castiel opts to leave him in his jeans and tee. All that remains then is for him to very, very carefully pull the duvet out from beneath Dean and finagle him back over to his side of the bed, flat on his back, head on the pillows.
Suddenly a little pink-cheeked, Cas side-eyes him from the pile of single-serve sugar packets and stirring straws he’s currently restocking while Kevin, the high-school senior who’s worked there part-time for the last year and a half, mans the register. Cas’ lips twitch into a small smile, and his eyes even hold a hint of warmth. Like maybe he’s actually glad to see him.
intentional; he’s a master of burying the things he’d rather not shine a light upon. Shoving them down, down, into the dark places where he can ignore them, however temporarily because they fester regardless. It’s something he’s working on. Has been for a long damn time, reluctantly.
“How you doin'?” she says in a slow drawl, her frown wavering somewhere between annoyed and concerned.
“Worried we’ll scare away your boy-toy?” she finally says, and the beer he’d just sipped dribbles down his chin as he splutters in shock.
. Present, in the moment, content. But he can’t even have that, can he? Past always comes back to haunt him eventually.
Dean sends Cas memes, shares little anecdotes about the jobs he’s doing, winges about paperwork whenever he’s stuck in the office for a couple hours, ensures Cas isn’t bored out of his mind. Cas sends selfies when he’s out jogging (which Dean totally secretly saves) and cute pictures of Claire, waxes poetic about bees, literature, and whatever the hell else randomly crosses his mind, and apparently has an emoji addiction comparable to that of a teenage girl. They share ideas for the house and property, make plans for the renovation. Swap links for appliances they’re partial to, home decor, paint colors.
“Taken care of,” Cas interrupts, a hint of impatient exasperation coloring his tone. “But I don’t want to talk about that right now, Dean.”
Without waiting for Sam to acknowledge his sudden capitulation, he pressed the disconnect button.  “I don’t suppose you have any money on you?” he said.
How dare he!  How dare this stranger wearing his face touch Dean as he had always longed to touch him!  And how dare Dean touch him back, freely giving the doppelgänger what Castiel had always been denied.
For the first time in my long existence I was happy.  We were happy.  We built a life together. But that’s the thing, you see, a human’s lifespan is but a blip on the timeline of an immortal.
The warded door burst open behind them and Billie stood there with her scythe, ready to kill, eager to kill.
“Don’t you know Heaven isn’t Heaven without you by my side?  I’m in love with you, Cas. Can you look me in the eye and tell me that isn’t how you feel about me?”
.”  Dean paused and drew a deep breath, scrubbing a hand across his face before continuing. “You know I’m no good with words, but I want you to really listen to what I’m trying to say.  I love you, Cas.”
Dean rolled over and let his eyes caress the angel’s serene face, his gaze settling finally on eyes that sparkled in the morning light, reflecting the blue of the ocean, as clear and open as the cloudless sky.
“It’s not a competition, Cas.  Sam is my brother.  But you... it’s different with you.  With us.  It’s...
Sam eased the Impala to a stop outside of the Sunnydale Motel, the ticking of the cooling engine as familiar a sound to him as his own heartbeat.  Quietly, he exited the car and stared at the cracked pavement which surrounded the front of the building.  The faded white lines that had once delineated parking spaces peered out from under decades-old layers of dirt. The area looked undisturbed, but something about it wasn’t quite right. The distribution of plant debris looked too neat, too uniform, to be natural.  It was as if someone had taken great pains to sweep away their tracks.
A spotlight once again bathed Dean and Castiel in its weak light, strangely leaving anything outside the narrow circle still swathed in impenetrable darkness.  The circle widened slightly as The Empty stepped into it.  It did not look pleased.
“Knowing you has changed me. Because you cared, I cared. I cared about you. I cared about Sam, I cared about Jack... I cared about the whole world because of
A gentle hand tried to tilt Dean’s face up to meet a concerned gaze, but Dean burrowed more deeply against him and refused to let go.  Castiel tightened his grip in reply, his hands moving in soothing circles on Dean’s back, until the sobbing finally eased, and Dean stood quietly in his arms.
“What happened?” Gene said,  “I kept my part of the bargain.  I gave you your dream.  Why did you break free?”
Dean’s hands parted the towel Castiel had knotted around his waist, and he let it fall to the floor.  His own towel followed, as he took the angel’s hand in his and led him towards the bed.
The Empty leaned in close, getting right up in Dean’s face.  “You’re playing with fire, Dean Winchester.  I could squash you like a bug.”
Castiel knelt down by the mattress and pressed a hand to Dean’s cheek.  A glow spread out from his fingers, an attempt at healing that had little or no effect judging by the frown that creased his brow.
also made a second appearance by popular request – in other words, Dean enjoyed singing those songs too.
“Fine.” The Empty sighed. “I need your consent to interact with you.  So, what will it take to get rid of you so I can go back to sleep?”
“And greeting my arrival into Heaven wasn’t one of those duties?  Never mind that I’m the Righteous Man and due a little respect.  Above and beyond that, I’m your friend.  The friend you supposedly love.  Or has that changed, Cas?  Is that heavenly stick stuck up your ass again now that you have your wings back?”
“Come on, Cas,” he said, taking Castiel’s hands in his and tugging him closer, pleased to note that the angel offered little resistance.
“Sam was right,” fake Castiel said, as they stepped out of the jacuzzi and wrapped themselves in the softest, fluffiest white towels that Dean had ever seen. “We’re running out of time.”
As the echoes of his final hollered “Jump!” faded, he decided to sing songs as they came to mind rather than sticking with one band:
“Because I heard you say, ‘It’s almost perfect.’  And Bobby replied, ‘He’ll be along.’  I knew you were waiting for Sam to make your heaven complete.  So I decided to postpone seeing you until Sam lived out his life.  And then I decided to wait a little bit longer, until he settled in.”
Castiel’s grip on Dean’s hand tightened to the point of being painful.  He sat up, and Dean could sense those blue eyes staring down at him, could imagine colour flooding the angel’s cheeks as he remembered confessing what made him happy.
“Your death here will be gentle.  Totally painless.  You’ll simply close your eyes, and go to sleep.  I’ll be right beside you.  I’ll hold you in my arms until I too fade away.”
“Not this time,” Castiel replied, glancing back over his shoulder with a smug look on his face.  “But the sex was just as good this weekend as it was five years ago when we honeymooned here.”
Sam and Eileen were wedged in a corner, swaying in place more than actually dancing.  Their arms were locked around each other, Sam’s taller body curved protectively over that of his wife.  Every now and then their lips met in a tender kiss.  Dean swore he saw tears glistening in his brother’s eyes.  Tears of joy, but tears nevertheless.  Dean choked up a little himself, just looking at them.
It took a full day of driving for Sam to get back to the bunker.  Once there, he hastily gathered up several items from the storeroom, and carried them to the War Room in a silver bowl.  The final ingredient required a visit to Dean’s room: a place he had not been in a while, Dean making it very clear that he was no longer welcome there.  Sam stood in the doorway for several moments, silently surveying the state of the room.  Dean was usually a neat freak:  a place for everything, and everything in its place, just like the good little soldier their father had taught him to be.  But now...  Sam shook his head in dismay as his gaze travelled from the smashed record player on a table to the shattered glass and broken vinyl on the floor.  Emptied bottles stood defiantly row on row.  Ironically, in this, Dean’s innate sense of order had prevailed.  The bottles were lined up with military precision, as if they were troops advancing on an enemy:  the missing occupant of the unmade bed.  The rumpled sheets were stained with spilled liquor and, Sam suspected, more than a few spilled tears.  The edges of the pillowcase were badly crumpled, as if they had been repeatedly clutched by desperate fingers. The deep indentation in the pillow itself spoke of a face pressed tight against it to muffle cries of grief and rage.
The party lasted into the wee hours of the morning – well, what would have been the wee hours had time flowed in Heaven as it did on Earth.  Here, it seemed more like a perpetual motion thing, not that anyone was complaining.
Castiel was quick to comply.  A large hand wrapped firmly around Dean’s burgeoning erection, as his mouth crashed against Dean’s in a feral kiss, swallowing his whimpering sighs.
My service for His silence.  A future of eternal, lonely years in payment for His careful omissions in the Gospels.
“Fuck!” Dean screamed.  And smashed the bottle against the record player, over and over again, until both were as broken as his heart.
“Well, then, if I have to choose one or the other, I choose to die with you.  At least here I get to die happy.  There’s nothing for me in the real world.”
“He’s taking care of the djinn’s body.  He said he’d pick up some food and water for you before heading back.  I think he wanted to give us time to talk in private.”
The sun was just coming up as the Impala rumbled slowly up one road and down another.  Twice, Sam had parked outside decrepit buildings and cautiously ventured inside.  Aside from rats and litter, he found nothing:   no trace of footsteps other than his own, no indication that boarded over windows and doors had been breached until his crowbar granted him ingress.
And so it began.  I roamed the Earth, guardian angel of humankind, helping where I could, keeping the monsters at bay.  It’s ironic, really.  Just as Dean and Sam were before me, I was dragged into a hunter’s life by my Father.  Unlike the brothers who had each other, however, I had no one.
know, because I share your memories. And you know what happens when something cracks the illusion and reality seeps through. That’s bad enough, but this situation is worse because – ”
Sam was the first to slip away, peacefully in his bed, as he slept one night.  A smile was on his face when we found him, and an answering smile quivered on Dean’s lips as tears streamed down his cheeks.
This thought kept Sam’s mind busy as he drove the Impala up the bumpy, unpaved road that led to the mine, his old Ford relieved of its contents and left behind.  A rusted sign creaking on an equally rusted metal frame was the only sound that greeted his arrival as he stepped out of the car.  Stunted brush grew in sparse clumps around the yard, and a lethargic dust devil kicked up a cloud of grit that stung his eyes, before it subsided to the ground.
His eyes became so blurred with tears, that the fact he and the angel were now bathed in a gentle spotlight escaped his notice for some while.  It wasn’t until someone cleared their throat behind him, that Dean snapped back to awareness and realized two things at once:  he could see, and he and Castiel were no longer alone.
“We won’t be needing those.” Dean winked and Castiel shyly smiled.  “A jacuzzi in every room,” the hunter continued reading. “Five star rating.  Cordon bleu chef.  A king-sized bed.  Huh, we’re in luck.  The honeymoon suite is available. And the hotel is just a few blocks from here.  Whaddya say, Cas?”
“Sorry, buddy.  I just take their cash and serve ‘em drinks.  I’m not their mama, telling them what they can and can’t do.  The man your brother left with, though, he’s been hangin’ round here for a few weeks now.  Spooky dude.  There’s something about the way he looks at you.  As if he’s thinking you’d make a tasty snack.”
With that goal in mind, Sam turned his attention back to his laptop and typed: Lebanon, KS to Boston MA.
It would seem Castiel was every bit as eager to taste him too.  His lips wandered down Dean’s neck, sucking bruises in the tender skin.  His hands caressed Dean’s arms, his chest; played with the buttons on the hunter’s shirt, before undoing them one by one...
The final shed he entered showed signs of recent use.  There were footprints in the dust; chains with shackles bolted to the wall in one corner, above a rickety cot.  But there was no evidence that anyone had ever been imprisoned there.  The monster, being fairly new to the area, must still have been sussing out the town, making sure any victim he chose would not be missed.
That’s what he told anyone who asked.  Sometimes, he almost believed it himself.  So why, then, did Sam keep giving him those sad-eyed looks?  Why did he try time and time again to get a conversation going?  If he heard “How are you, Dean?  Really?” one more time...
“You’re not here either,” he said.  “Neither of you are. Cas is in The Empty.  What’s left of you is dying in a crappy motel room.  You’ve been poisoned, Dean.  This is all a djinn’s fabrication.”
, you know the story.  Or, at least you know the gist of it.  That Dean and Sam Winchester saved the world.  That the angel Castiel loved them both, but he loved Dean just a little bit more. And so time and time again he turned his back on Heaven, abandoning eons of strict obedience to the word of God, and adhering to the word of man –
They took turns undressing each other, lingering kisses greeting every inch of flesh as it was revealed. Until, at long last, only their underwear remained:  both men’s boxers tented with arousal.
“Hello, Dean,” came the longed-for reply.  The arms tightened around him – solid, real – and Dean buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck, uncontrollable sobs shaking his entire body.
Castiel returned home, bearing pizza and a six pack of beer.  He yawned his way through supper, obviously suffering from a long and tiring day.  A quick peck on Dean’s cheek accompanied his decision to turn in early.  He was sound asleep when Dean finally worked up the nerve to crawl into bed next to him.
“No,” Dean shook his head.  “No.  You’re wrong.  I rescued Cas from The Empty.  He’s here.  He’s real.  Tell him, Cas.”
Sam sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, pondering his next step.  He’d make a few calls.  Maybe some hunter would be lucky enough to spot Dean, or alert Sam to djinn or vampire activity.  Jody and Donna would aid in the search too.  But, in all likelihood, a location spell would be the most effective course of action.  He’d have to return to the Bunker for that.  Everything he needed was there.
How many times had he retreated to his room in the Bunker, or sullenly crawled into a motel bed and turned his face to the wall?  Refusing to engage in conversation;  preferring a bottle’s company to Sam’s.
Gene’s hands began to emit a wispy, azure-coloured aura in response, a swirling pattern of of tattoos springing into vivid relief on his skin.  On silent feet, he came closer... closer... instinctively reaching out to touch and claim his prey.
Dean blindly stumbled his way over to the kitchen counter and withdrew a large blade from the knife block.
“We definitely will.”  Dean’s grip tightened.  His right hand edged his jacket open, revealing a dagger nestled inside.  “But first, maybe I should re-introduce myself.  The name’s Dean – ”
“I love you,” Castiel whispered, breaking the comfortable silence that had fallen between them, and Dean felt as if his heart would burst from sheer happiness.  ‘I love you,”  Castiel repeated, leaning in for another kiss, and another, and another – hungry, even greedy for more.  Because he would never tire of this, would never cease to be amazed that something he had believed impossible, had suddenly come true.
The hot water felt heavenly as it enveloped them.  They sat quietly side by side for a few minutes, before inevitably drifting together in the tub. Just as inevitably, their lips drifted together too.  They shared tender, gentle kisses at first, but slippery hands caressing naked skin soon gave rise to an urgency that could not be denied.
Squinting against the glare of the sun, Dean glanced at the upside down face of the man looming over him, and focused on another shade of blue, a blue he had never thought to see again: Castiel’s eyes.
“Yeah, he’s here with me,”  Dean replied, and quickly moved the phone a safe distance from his ear until his brother’s angry tirade downgraded to the occasional sputter.
The barkeeper nodded when Sam showed him a photo of Dean.  “Yeah, he was here.  Left with another guy a couple hours before closing time.  They seemed real friendly-like, if you know what I mean.”  He shrugged.  “Not that I’m judging.  It happens a lot.  You get all kinds here.”
Based on the barkeeper’s description of the man, Sam suspected he was chasing after either a vampire or a djinn.  He was prepared for either, but his hopes were pinned on the latter.  Surely Dean would not risk being turned instead of slaughtered?  It was a fifty-fifty chance which way an encounter with a vampire would go.  Not great odds at all.  But, with a djinn, it was not unknown for them to prolong the life of those they captured, deriving enjoyment as well as nourishment from their victims.  Sam could only hope that Dean was still safely dreaming.  Not that the dream could last forever.  Eventually, the human body weakened and began to shut down.  Shortly after that, the person died.  It was crucial that Sam get to his brother before he reached the point of no return.
“I’m sorry I didn’t take the time to learn it all.  I wasted so many years:  denying how I felt, pushing you away... ”
“Good luck, Cas,” Sam whispered.  But the angel had already closed his eyes and entered Dean’s dream.
The surroundings were a far cry from the motels the Winchester brothers normally frequented, but when Castiel materialized in the room, he had no interest in the luxurious decor.  His eyes were immediately drawn to the bed, to the two naked bodies writhing in ecstasy there.
There was no doubt in Sam’s mind:  Dean had a death wish.  And he must have finally found what he’d been searching for:  a way out of the hell his life had become.
When he tired of AC/DC, Bon Jovi took the stage, followed by Metallica, Kansas and Van Halen.  At this point, Dean should have been croaking rather than belting out a tune, but his voice was still going strong.  The acoustics were great, and he was having too much fun to even consider stopping.
Funny, wasn’t it?  He’d spent much of his life in one shitty motel room or another.  It seemed a fitting place to end it.
Dean finally released Castiel’s hand, but only so he could wrap him in his arms instead.  Castiel’s arms bracketed Dean in reply, a deep moan rumbling in his chest, a moan Dean happily echoed.
I wept the day the Impala finally ceased to function, with no hope of repair. It was like saying goodbye to Dean all over again.  I gave her the hunter’s funeral she deserved.  The duffle containing my possessions clutched to my breast, I stood guard as she burned. When nothing but smouldering ash remained, I took a well-worn photo from a pocket and kissed the fading image of the man I’d loved.  Still loved.
As his eyes adjusted to the dark, Dean saw that it wasn’t absolute after all, it was simply night.  He was back in the motel, still lying on that damned mattress, an angel seated on the floor by his side.  Only a stray moonbeam, peering through a crack in the boarded over window, served as a source of light.  It limned the angel’s profile, highlighting his nose, his chin, and reflecting the worry in his eyes.
If there was one thing Dean Winchester knew how to be, it was annoying.  Stubbornness was high on the list of his achievements too.  So if noise bothered The Empty, disturbing its eternal slumber, noise it would be.  And he had just the noise in mind.
“There’s not that much to say.  I love you.  I fucked up. That’s all there is to the story.  The end.”
“Really, Dean?” he teased, rolling his eyes in mock exasperation. “This is what I have to look forward to from now on?”
They sat in comfortable silence for a while, Dean toying absentmindedly with the fingers of Castiel’s hand, even going so far as to lean his head on the angel’s shoulder.
Sam intoned, and tipped a generous portion of the silver bowl’s burning contents onto the map he had set out on the War Room table.  The blue flame wavered, flickering this way and that, before exploding in a
Dean’s fingers traced the contours of the still face, engraving each feature in his memory:  the brow, the nose, the cheeks, the chin, the lips...  Oh, God, those lips!  He’d give anything to once again see them shape his name... and frame the words ‘I love you’.
“Hunt?  We don’t even own a gun.  I teach religious studies at Yale.  You work at Tony’s Auto Services. You’re their best mechanic.  None of this sounds familiar to you?”
“You won’t need ‘em.  I won’t put up a fight.”  Dean held out his left hand, palm up.  “See?  I cleaned off the silver paint at the last stop we made.  Borrowed a little solvent from an unlocked shed.”  He reached inside his jacket and withdrew the silver knife, noting how the djinn flinched and backed away.  Dean carelessly tossed the weapon to the far side of the room.
of waves lapping the shore and a gentle breeze caressing his face suggested otherwise.  And, once his eyes adjusted to the dark, he saw pinpricks of light in what he realized was the night sky, wisps of clouds obscuring all but the brightest stars.  Most reassuring of all, though, was the warm hand clasped in his, the fingers now entwined with his own.
Close by the oblivious couple, John and Mary were slow dancing.  Mary had her head nestled against John’s shoulder.  Her eyes were closed, his open as he looked down at her adoringly; they both were smiling.
But, this time, instead of sitting on the floor, too shocked to think or move, Dean sprang to his feet and sprinted across the room.  He wrapped his arms around the goo that covered Castiel and held on tight.
But the colour was leaching from his vision, leaving the world a misty shade of grey.  The opulence of the room was overlain with a thick coating of dust particles and he saw a mirror image of himself lying on a shabby mattress.   Sam sat slumped against a wall, his long legs stretched out before him as he slumbered.  Across the room, a body lay on the floor:
Several minutes passed.  Long after his sobbing had abated, Sam sat there with his head cradled in his hands.  His mind awhirl with fading hope, he recalled something he had read, or heard, many years ago:  that while it’s true God hears all prayers...  “Sometimes, the answer is no,” he whispered.  And felt a fresh flood of tears begin to flow.
Dean stopped dead in his tracks, his jaw dropping open in disbelief as he raised his left hand and stared at the gold band encircling his ring finger.  A quick glance at Castiel’s hand revealed a matching ring.
An unfamiliar feeling burned though his veins, twisted his stomach into knots and curled his hands into tight fists.  Castiel felt his wings bristle and vibrate, threatening to break free and enter the visible plain, battle ready. The urge to lash out at the unfairness of it all was overpowering, but he managed to keep himself under rigid control – for the count of several seconds at least. But that was all he could stand, that was was more than long enough to bear witness to this abomination.
As final moments went, Dean could have done worse.  His eyes remained open, pupils dilating as the djinn’s poison flooded through his veins. And as dark shadows closed in around him, two eyes, ablaze with an unearthly glow, became all that he could see. Two eyes,
“I say, we have just over twenty-four hours before Sam gets here.  We shouldn’t waste a minute of that time.”
And – goddamn! – if that didn’t plunge a knife straight into Dean’s heart.  It was so something that Castiel would say.  Would have said.  Fuck.  Dean rested his forehead against the steering wheel, and tried to choke back the sobs that threatened to burst free.  This.  This is why he had to follow through with his plan.  Because it hurt too much not to.  Because a thousand little reminders happened every day, and death by a thousand paper cuts was a hell of a way to die.  A bullet to the brain would be more merciful – and, to be honest, he had considered that option more times than he could remember.  But then, one drunken night, when a gun was actually in his hand, a thought had crept into his head.  What if he could see Cas one last time?  What if he had the chance to tell the angel that he loved him too?   What if, in some other reality, by some miracle or other, they had a life together?
“Bobby knew you were there,” Dean said slowly.  “Both of you were sitting there waiting for me.  Only you panicked and went invisible on us when I arrived.  That’s why Bobby casually slipped your name into the conversation.  He was hoping you’d man up and reappear.  So why didn’t you?”
A wet, ripping noise from behind made Dean turn in time to see black goo from The Empty squeezing through the wall. Tears filled Dean's eyes as he turned back to the angel. Castiel was still smiling through his tears.
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean replied, smiling in contentment as he met and held Castiel’s fond stare.  “I guess it is.”
“The Sunnydale Hotel,” Dean said finally, squinting as he stared at the scratched screen of Castiel’s phone.  It was obvious it had seen some shit go down; Dean would see to it that it was replaced as soon as they got back to the Bunker.
“Cas!” he cried, scrambling to his feet, tears springing to his eyes as he took in the smiling face of his lost angel.  “Cas,” he repeated, and tumbled into a pair of waiting arms.
“Er...” Sam cleared his throat, and tried again.  “How long have you...”  Unable to complete the sentence, a sweeping gesture encompassed the evidence in the room.  “You know,” he concluded weakly, a blush suffusing his face.
“Ah, I didn’t know that.  Dean just said The Empty claimed you because of some deal you’d made. But if you told him that... well, that explains a lot.”
“There will be,” Castiel said firmly.  “I’ll see to that.  And you know what you have to do to help me.”  An angel blade slipped magically from his coat sleeve.  He held it out to Dean, hilt first, and the hunter wrapped trembling fingers around it.
“Shut up,” he replied, dumping her into Garth’s arms with a little more force than necessary.  They both were laughing as they twirled away, but Dean ignored them in favour of hastening down a dimly lit hall.  However, instead of turning left to go to the men’s room, he continued on down the passageway and slipped out the back door.  Quietly, he made his way around the side of the building, and there, as he had expected him to be, was Castiel: his nose literally pressed against a window pane.
I shook my head as I stepped free of her embrace. “I can’t,” I said.  “I struck a bargain with God... and I am bound to Earth.”
“Dean...” Castiel laid a gentle hand on Dean’s arm, instantly drawing his attention away from the phone.  “Would it be such a bad thing to have a little time to ourselves?  I may have been mistaken about ‘the saying’ bringing one more happiness than ‘the having’.  I would like to test that theory – if it meets with your approval, of course.”
When The Empty took Castiel, it took Dean too.  Not literally, of course.  Physically, he was left behind. Safe. Sitting on the floor where the angel had tossed him before willingly sacrificing himself.  But, inside, another kind of emptiness rushed in:  filling Dean’s lungs until he thought he’d die of asphyxiation, crumbling the protective wall he’d built around his heart into dust.
“Yes, Mom,” Dean muttered, but there was no real sting behind the words.  He was too damned happy for that. Brushing sand from his clothes, he trailed after Castiel as the angel – no, the human! – led the way back to a hotel parking lot.  A fancy hotel, Dean noted, as the building came into view.  Too bad he had no memory of staying there.  “Did we have the best room in the joint?” he joked.
“It sure could.” Dean chuckled and took Castiel’s hand, leading him over to the oversized bath.  Green eyes locked on blue, they cast their final garments aside.
“Two whiskeys, then.  Neat.”  Without waiting for an invitation, the djinn settled himself on the barstool next to Dean’s and held out a slender hand.  “Gene,” he offered.
Once upon a time there were two brothers who loved each other. And by that I mean the 'I would gladly lay down my life for you' kind of love.  Which they did.  Often.  Both literally and figuratively.  Some people called this an unhealthy codependency, but given the burdens they had to shoulder, I saw it for what it was:  a necessity and a blessing.  Who else did they have to turn to but each other?  Who else understood all that they had to do?
Undoubtedly, in this life, he had told Castiel that he loved him, and was obviously loved in return.  But being plopped down in the middle of the story had cost Dean too many firsts.  Saying ‘I love you’ for the first time, and seeing joy at this unexpected declaration spread across Castiel’s face.  The first time he held Castiel’s hand, and discovered how well their fingers fit together.  Their first kiss: learning the proper way to tilt his head so their noses didn’t bump; feeling the gasp of surprise Castiel breathed against his cheek; tasting for the first time the lips he had stared at so many times down through the years.  As for the first time they’d made love... His brain short circuited every time the thought crossed his mind.  When had it happened?  How had it happened.  Was it good?  It had to have been good, wonderful, miraculous... and totally scary. But he’d never know.
“I love you, too,” he whispered hours later, angrily wiping away the snot and tears.  Slowly, he clambered to his feet and squared his shoulders.  He was Dean Fucking Winchester, and he had a job to do.  He had a god to kill.  And after that... well, after that what did it really matter?  Maybe there wouldn’t be an after anyway.
“Nah, but I’ve seen him heading west a few times when I’m locking up for the night.  Strange.  There’s nothing much out that way past the Fredrickson’s place.  Just a few old abandoned buildings.  The mine’s been shut down a long time.  If you – ”
He had just hit the ‘seventeen bottles of beer’ mark for the hundredth time, when a voice screamed in the darkness: “No more goddamned bottles of beer!”
“I can give him the hunter’s funeral he deserves.  I can kill the bastard that killed him.  What happens may not be what I want to happen, but it won’t be nothing.  I won’t let it be.”
By then Dean had finally reached the beginnings of the path back up the cliff. “Well, nice to meet you, Chuck.”
“Of course,” Castiel replied. “Dinner is served from five to eight, if you’re interested. Enjoy your day.”
Castiel took a moment to study the board, making a note of what pieces were still available to each of them and possible gambits he could make. He decided on a pawn.
Missouri smiled indulgently. “And you always knew never to say anything, because you really wanted those brownies.”
Immediately he was hit with the smell of all sorts of breakfast foods and he bit back a groan. A place like this, he bet it tasted every bit as good as it smelled.
The legal front of the chop shop was called Old Nick’s, but not too many legitimate customers ever stumbled across it. The place stayed afloat through a strong criminal network and a loyal customer base not prone to asking too many questions. It was the best place for illegal custom motorcycles not just in Milwaukee, but Chicago and a fair bit beyond: long miles meant little hardship for those who liked to be out on the road.
Dean huffed but sat back up in his chair, tossing the pencil onto the stand’s edge next to the notebook. “It’s a work in progress,” he said to Cas.
Castiel watched a series of expressions tug Dean’s face, worried he’d somehow made whatever turmoil his student was experiencing worse. At last Dean laughed, a quiet, broken thing, and pinched the bridge of his nose. He took another breath and looked at Cas. “Jack Allen is your favorite poet?”
“Another one?” Castiel was watching her instead of the coffee, so that the cup began to overflow onto the saucer.
And now Dean was seeing something else. Seeing that all this time, Alastair hadn’t been stripping and rebuilding motorcycles, welding them into grotesque shapes that showed respect to neither body nor parts. That’s what everyone else was for. No…Alastair had been stripping Dean, skinning him alive, peeling back his layers, skillfully ripping out his parts, discarding anything he didn’t like, then shoving his tender insides back together in whatever way he saw fit—not to make a person who
The cabin key fit and turned easily, no rust or cleaning needed for the lock. The wooden door stuck just the slightest bit, but that was only to be expected with how old these cabins probably were. Dean fumbled next to the door for a light and slipped inside before flipping it on to avoid tempting the mosquitoes. A bulb above the entryway flickered to life, casting a low warm glow over the room.
Then the front door opened. Dean froze. He was out in the open, having drifted closer to the house than he’d thought. To his surprise it was Chuck that came barreling out of the house, in an old shirt and boxers and a ratty-looking robe untied and billowing as he strode down the steps. Two tall men walked more sedately after him, one white and one black, both a strong contrast to Chuck in sharp dark suits. One of these men said something Dean couldn’t catch while Chuck yelled over his shoulder to leave him alone. Then they all saw Dean, and they froze too.
Dean had to steady himself on the bike to stop from falling on his ass. He grabbed his necklace again, crushing the talisman against the keys. A lot of the bikes that got chopped in the shop were new buys or trophies hardly ridden but some of them, damnit, some of them had souls. Even separated from the person that had poured out their love, Dean could always see it. He’d never stopped seeing it.
Whatever small thing had been building between them began to dissipate with a slight slump of Dean’s shoulders. “Never?”
Dean laughed. “You’re telling me. Anyway, he’d not just allow all our crazy shit, he would fucking facilitate it. One time, in a crowd of hundreds of people, he found some damn triplets and brought them backstage. Don’t know if he meant one for each of us, but, uh, they all came back to the bus with me.”
“Nice night out, isn’t it?” Billie asked nonchalantly, stationing herself next to Dean with her hands in the pockets of her leather jacket.
Dean thought about how, for a dozen years now, Dr. Moseley had taught at some fancy little liberal arts college just an hour away from them.
Her pronouncement was met with uncomfortable quiet. Dean, thankful to be in the back row, stared at the old wood of his desk, and the decades of grooves and scratches.
“Mm, no,” said Dean. “Gave her to Sammy for the day. He insisted on going out even though I told him—well, whatever.”
An immense thunderclap shook the tower. Cas’s hand came up to cradle Dean’s skull, keeping it in place to shield his eyes a split second before a frisson of electricity crackled around the tower, racing upward toward the lens.
“I understand,” said Cas, and he did. Some artists fell into obscurity because they fell out of love with the life. Others because they fell into rehab, like Sam. And then there were the unlucky ones. There were just as many people adjacent to the industry that suffered the same fate.
Most of all, Cas knew how to collaborate. He listened to Sam and Dean’s music, asked about it, dug deep. He made suggestions, but only really stood his ground when he was sure he was in the right while still, somehow, being respectful of their work. As songs were chosen or discarded, reworked and rerecorded, Cas tended to their album like a garden: patient, hardworking, and basking in the utter delight of watching it grow. The three of them made a good team.
To be touched by Dean was almost more divine; those clever musician’s fingers easily making short work of Cas’s jeans, slipping under his boxers and squeezing his ass, then sneaking around the front to pull out his cock, and take both of them in hand. The mess inside both their heads was difficult but this, this was easy, and it wasn’t long before they followed each other over the edge. Then they were slowing down, calming down, but still kissing, kissing, kissing, until the traces of wine were gone and all they could taste was each other.
“Don’t just stand there!” Alastair shouted. “Get him!” The Hellraisers settled back in their seats, engines rumbling like thunder.
“Had a little help from a new recruit,” he said. Someone at the back of the pack revved their engine. Dean snapped his head to look and realized that though the intervening years hadn’t been kind, his old high school classmate Azazel was there. Of all the fucking luck. Alastair continued, “I was so…thrilled…when it turned out we had a mutual friend.”
“Wait, wait, I have to see this,” Dean laughed. The afternoon was fading into evening and the room was getting dark, so he went to the wall to flick the light switch. When he turned back around Cas was attempting to reenact some of the music video choreography, really moving his hips and—Cas wasn’t a performer. His moves would never be as smooth as someone like Prince. Cas was only ever going to come off as a dork, dancing like that, except…he was so unselfconscious, so unabashedly mouthing those high notes, practically showing off in his great body in those stupid white boxers that it just came back around again to sexy. So when Cas grabbed his hand, encouraging Dean to dance along, he didn’t question it. He just got his hips moving.
Sam gave him an unimpressed look, which in and of itself was unimpressive, given he had several elastic bands in his hair and at least three of Eileen’s scrunchies.
and she roared to life, startling a couple grackles out of the trees edging the property. Castiel grinned, just from the feel of her running under him. Hearing the engine rev was just as exciting as it had been the first time. Though even that great sense of accomplishment was pushed aside because he knew the moment had finally come. He’d read the manual forward and backward, watched youtube tutorials, read all the do’s and don’t’s listicles. The only thing that was left was to ride. It was time to
Cas smiled. Dean would have to be very careful, or…he gently tugged his arm toward himself, and Dean’s hand came with it, and the rest of him followed—
Dean huffed a laugh. He missed her. He really, really did. When was the last time they’d actually seen each other in person? A year ago at least, he decided. She’d just dropped by Kansas one day unannounced with video games in one hand and a
Castiel rolled his bike to a stop near the Impala, where she was waiting patiently at the diner for Dean’s return. When Dean slid off the back of the bike, Cas immediately missed his warmth. Still he smiled when Dean handed him his helmet. He loved Dean all the time but he treasured moments like this, when he radiated the softness he so often hid. Sometimes Cas wished he could whisk Dean away on his bike forever, leave their baggage behind and travel light for the rest of their lives. As it was, he settled for allowing Dean this escape whenever it seemed he needed it most—and sometimes when Cas needed it most, too.
Too bad the whole state was buried in a foot of snow at the time. Cas had completed his bike, but wouldn’t get to ride it for months.
Dean couldn’t help it—the word was just so funny dropping so seriously from Cas’s mouth that he threw his head back and laughed. He wrapped an arm around Castiel’s shoulders to keep from falling over. When was the last time he’d even laughed this hard? “Lin-
Still, it didn’t stop Dean from eyeing Cas up and down when he came to the diner during his shifts. It usually wasn’t too long after Dean’s shift started that he’d walk in, stupid trenchcoat flapping around in a gust of wind by the door. If the late dinner rush lingered he’d politely take a small table like he used to, but more often that not he’d go for their—his—customary round booth in the corner, where he could spread out his books and papers. Then he’d sweep off his coat to drape over the back of the bench and that’s when the trouble really started for Dean: these days, underneath the coat were only ever a t-shirt in jeans.
Cas laughed under his breath, his deep voice a rumble in his chest that reminded Dean of Baby. “It is, in fact, Greek. Here.” Cas pushed away from his desk, chair rolling across the hardwood, and opened the drawer of a small filing cabinet. “I always have these on hand,” he said, flipping through the files. “Aha!” Cas brought out a stapled packet of several pages and pushed it across the desk to Dean. “It’s a quick glossary of poetic terms.”
It was fully dark outside, now (thank god he didn’t have to work tonight), but they’d left the light on in the bedroom. It was easy enough to rescue the headphones and his own ipod. Neither of them had locked it, so the screen popped on at his touch. He scrolled a little bit, reading all the artists’ names. A wave of melancholy washed over him at the sight of his parents’ names and he sighed, locking the player and tucking it back in his pocket. He opened the bedside drawer and picked out the largest ipod, a silver one, figuring it would have the most music. Wandering back into the main area of the little house, he stretched out along the length of the couch and started browsing while Cas finished up. He had to admit that Cas’s selection was a lot more eclectic than his own, and not just in genre, but time period and, based on names, country of origin. Dean didn’t even recognize half of what was in there, but what he
Cas pulled at his collar and tugged him in the rest of the way. They kissed, hot and wet and full of orange and spice.
Dean hummed, ripping a big chunk out of his sandwich. That answered that, then. When Cas finally stopped fussing he held the towel in both hands against his chest, watching Dean carefully as he enjoyed the fruits of his labors. He didn’t seem to want to go back to his chores anymore than Dean wanted him to, so he jerked his head in the direction of the photo. “Who’s that?”
“Oh, but I do. He liked all his silly trick jumps, didn’t he? It wouldn’t really be a surprise, would it, if he landed wrong?”
“Gotta figure out what it is first.” As soon as the words came out, he knew for sure: he was staying. And if he was staying, well. Then he had to deal with
“Yup. Dean. That’s me,” he said, flashing a cocky smile to cover his blush. Thankfully the only people in the class concerned with what others thought of them were the goodie two shoes type, and so he heard none of the insults he’d gotten used to hearing over the past year. A droop-shouldered girl with lank red hair didn’t even bother looking up.
She raised an unimpressed eyebrow. “The way you fiddle with your necklace when you’re nervous is a pretty good tell.”
“What, no! I mean, one, I mean, can you put me down?” He smiled in a manner he probably thought was winning. It was not.
The next Tuesday dawned cloudy and gray, promising a late fall rain. His drive to Maple Hills was more subdued in color, the trees starting to lose their leaves, and fog appearing in wisps the further he descended into the valley. Dean didn’t mind, humming along to Heart, whose cassette was in the player. He expertly steered Baby through the curves of the county road, and then across the pink brick pedestrian walkways of the Maple Hills town center, over the bridge, and finally to his allotted campus parking.
Her eyes grew wide, and she turned to Castiel and Alex in panic. “I’m an only child!” she whisper-shouted. “What do I do?”
What Cas lacked in practical experience when they started having sex he’s sure as shit made up for with raw enthusiasm, an utter lack of shame, and possibly a porn habit to rival his own. Took him a while to grasp some stuff, like dirty talk, but once he saw the affect it had on Dean he went all out. Same for kinks (Cas even told him he’s been “researching,” whatever the fuck that means), and of course, dude takes it on with the same solemnity and conviction he does everything.
There’s simply never been room for that in his life. Not while he was busy playing both mom and dad to Sammy, juggling work and school, scrounging to make ends meet, not to mention dealing with his own internal bullshit that even now he’d rather not think about. He can hardly fault anyone for thinking he’s too busy, too distracted, too burdened, too broken. He fucking is.
He’s excited to cook dinner for Cas so he can see the look on his face when he eats, hear the noises of pleasure he makes when he enjoys the food (sounds he most definitely files away for later).
He’s a little worried he’s insulting these men by stereotyping their town, but fortunately, they seem to take it in stride. “As they say, safety in numbers. Birds of a feather flock together. Something like that,” Andy tells him, giggling.
Dean groans, forehead dropping to Castiel’s for a brief second before he extricates himself from his grasp and strides purposefully toward the front door. Castiel exhales in a rush, only now realizing he’d been holding his breath. They haven’t spoken about last night. Part of him fears if they do, this physical development to their friendship will cease, so he doesn’t press the matter.
“Yeah. I wanted to—” Cas cuts himself off, rubbing the nape of his neck. “I-I’d been job hunting since graduation and finally got something lined up at the university. I start at the end of the month.”
Aaron gives him a lingering sideways glance, one hand flat on the deck behind Cas. When did he get so close? “So... what about you?”
“Yeah?“ Dean grins excitedly. “Hey, uh, whaddaya say we go grab a bite for lunch? It’s about time for mine, too.”
wants to know what it’ll take to get a proper one out of him, even if he has to play the fool to see it.
Dean’s only been with a few men in his life. Secret rendezvous, mostly back when he was hunting alone (well, and there was that threesome during his demon stint). But he can safely say Cas has a dick
Dean sputters indignantly but rushes to choke down the sound when they both give him a weird look. Castiel’s gaze flicks back to her, his smile polite and close-lipped. He withdraws his hand and points at Dean.
“Hold up." She stops him, hand held in the air and an incredulous look on her face. "You’re telling me
“We are, but Jack wants popcorn…” Sam trails off, shrugging. He breezes past them, unwrapping a bag and tossing it in the microwave. His eyes fall to the stove as he does, and he offers Cas a genuine, fond smile. “Looks great, Cas.”
“Uh… hello?” He rings the bell on the counter. From the room on the other side, he hears a loud crash followed quickly by a pained, muffled grunt.
Cas clears his throat, and Dean realizes, shit. He’s got a vibrator in there, one he used like, a week ago during a rare moment when Cas was out of the house and he was home alone.
Sam grinned at him. “You and Dean,” He said, smiling wider as Cas choked on his coffee, coughing as he put the mug down. “Or have you already moved in together without telling me?”
This was different, because it wasn’t Cas getting to go have a fun one-night dick-wetting with a stripper, or discovering a happy life outside of hunting, working a nine-to-five. Or whatever hours the Gas-N-Sip ran on.
to see how the day plays out. With Sam letting Cas control the pace, he feels more confident that the day will be bearable.
"I'll just... Go, then," Cas said, standing on legs that barely seemed to hold his weight now. He made himself walk, mechanically, to the door, pausing at the threshold.
“Alright,” Cas said, and Sam paused in his movement, letting Cas kneel on the bed and awkwardly walk on his knees until he was within a foot of Sam. Up close, he could hear Sam’s slightly heavy breathing, and see the glint of his sweat refracting the light of the bedside lamp.
extended moment. Through the thin motel walls, Cas could hear the distant rumble of cars on the road, a dog barking, the muffled voice of a man shouting. Once, his angelic hearing would have allowed him to make out the words. It also would have enabled him to sense what Dean was feeling; he'd often felt Dean's longing for his presence. The absence of that ability made the gulf between them now feel wider.
far up his own ass, I-" Sam paused in his pacing, fixing Cas with a fiery look. Cas glanced down from the ceiling to meet his eyes. "You said he crossed his legs, though - that's a good sign. We just need to push
" Sam points his chopsticks, tinged brown on the ends with the remnants of his 'seasonal Asian greens', at Cas, "He won't even let you
Sam watched him, perplexed. "Hold off?" He repeated, watching Dean flee the room with an armful of books, some of them falling out of his arms and littering the floor as he fled.
Sam watched the space where Dean had disappeared, mind racing. He inspected a few of the titles of the books Dean left behind;
“What are we trying to achieve?” Cas asked, stepping closer to the bed, as though proximity would reveal Sam’s grand design.
Their faces were very close like this, Cas thought, kneeling on the bed facing each other, separated by the length of their forearms.
Sam paced easily across the room, towel wrapped around his head to keep his hair from dripping, boxers clinging to his hips, which cut a sharp “v” at his hipbones. Cas watched him as he placed his folded clothes on the night stand, eyes drawn to the visible ripple of muscle as he simply moved across the room.
"You've always encouraged me to be in relationships with women," Cas said, hating the accusatory note he heard in his own voice. "I don't understand what the difference is
“Wanna help me make this convincing? Maybe bounce with me?” Sam asked quietly, the slightest sheen of sweat starting to appear on his skin as he maintained his less-gentle bouncing. “It’s kinda fun.”
Dean's face shifted through a series of emotions - stunned, perturbed, mortified - before settling on a tight smile that looked like a scrap of duct tape slapped over a leaking dam. "Very funny, Sam," He said tersely. "That's not what this is about-"
Dean is about to argue when Cas appears next to him. "What is it, Sam?" He asks eagerly, eyes locked onto Sam's, just like they practiced. Sam holds eye contact with Cas as he extends the bags to Dean.
Dean straightens suddenly, chest puffed out and eyes hard. "Oh? That's probably not- He probably wants to do it himself."
Sam and Cas burst into the garage, Sam pushing Cas at the door.  "You open the door, I'll start the car!"
. No, because Cas wouldn’t need to go to a shelter, or get a new job. No, because Cas didn’t have to leave anymore. He was
needed to lay the groundwork before we reached this point - but we're finally here! ⁽⁽◝( • ω • )◜⁾⁾ I am
Sam leaned a hand on the wall to better distribute his weight as he kept bouncing. Cas tried not to let his eyes wander to the expanse of Sam’s abdomen, muscles visibly working to keep his weight shifting up and down, just as they would if he were thrusting his hips-
Cas hated that the second he pointed anything out about their developing relationship, Dean ran for the hills.
Sam startled when one of Cas' hands snaked across the table, gently holding one of Sam's. His eyes, reddening and wet, turned up to meet Cas'.
“We’ll get there, there’s no rush,” Sam admonished him, sliding the apron over his head and deftly tying it up at the back.
Cas watched him and copied his movements, but Sam caught his wrist before Cas could reach behind himself and tie it up. “Let me,” He said, spinning Cas around.
The tension in the room had eased considerably; they sat in comfortable silence, Sam pulling out his laptop to organise an itinerary for their date tomorrow, while Cas ruminated on the peace of mind that Sam had helped him to find. His body still felt strange, almost weak, a little jittery - but a great burden seemed to have been lifted from him; one he'd become so accustomed to, he hadn't realised how heavily it had weighed on him..
with... Maybe even-" Sam cut himself off, sighing. His face seemed to shift between determined and resigned.
"You sure?" Sam asked, brows lifted to wrinkle his forehead with concern. "What upset you? Is it cause-" Sam sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. "It's me, running my mouth again, isn't it? I know that I keep talking about you and Dean like you're already together. But he'll come around, I
"There's nothing to be afraid of," Sam said quietly to Dean. "Just talk to him. There's no pressure."
"Allow me to demonstrate," Sam said with a conspiratorial grin. He lifted himself up onto his knees and bounced a little, shifting his weight enough that the bed creaked beneath him, keeping the motion going for a few seconds. Cas was relieved that the sound helped to drown out the continuous feminine moaning from the next room.
Okay, maybe not a great impression to make to a strange girl stuck in a dingy motel room with him. Women tended not to hang around until morning with dudes who made their knuckles bleed punching a
It felt strange to think of Sam while his body was so keyed up, hand working himself vigorously; Cas had only rarely walked in on Sam in the same compromising positions, having spent most of his time watching Dean. But he
," he moved back to his position at the base of the bed, between her legs. "Think I was just getting acquainted with
"Don't knock it 'till you try it," Dean joked, though he held himself in that strained way that he did when he was quipping to deflect from tension.
Sam puts the groceries down on the ground and says, "Come up to the garden and I'll show you." He’s looking at Cas when he says it, but Dean is the first one up the stairs, taking them two at a time.
He gasped, rubbing his palm over his erection, thinking that Sam would still be walking to the Chinese food vendor, he had time to explore…
"I..." It was true, in a sense, that he had lain with April. "Sam said it didn't count," Cas explained, something which was
Dean started, suddenly sheepish. "That's not what I meant," he amended quickly. "I just mean... I mean, he doesn't have a
"I am not sure how to proceed," Cas admits, finally managing to talk to Sam alone while Dean showered. "It seems that we are stuck in a
The water started to run cold as he stood there, lost in thought. He just needed a starting point to work from. What was his priority, above all? If he had a goal in mind, perhaps plotting a path to it would be easier.
Cas sighed deeply, trying to contain the flood of emotions that tightened his throat. His voice barely warbled  as he said, "I'm torn. When I was an angel, I used my powers to serve Heaven; but it turns out that was the wrong path... And
Dean wasn't helping Sam's case. "I swear it's not about me," Sam said quickly. "He just thinks I've been hit with a love spell, or something."
"... Never mind," Dean grumbled, grabbing another fistful of meat. "Sam, if you're not going to help, you can get out," he added waspishly.
As he passed the door to Dean's room, he slowed, considering going in - but the continued uncertainty about what to say kept him standing there, looking at the flaking paint on the wood, the patches of rust on the handle.
He felt the need to talk away the awkward vibe, even though Cas was probably unaware of it. "Hey, it's gotta mean something that Dean is willing to go through all this just to protect your c
Sam stood and crossed the room to Dean in three long paces, putting a hand on the doorknob to block Dean's escape. That earned him a murderous glare from his brother.
"How many notches are there?" Cas asked suspiciously. "And which one will make Dean stop pulling away?"
"So," Cas says slowly, watching Jake Gyllenhaal pull Heath Ledger into what looks like a non-consensual kiss. "We have to try and make Dean see us touching, and then act as though we didn't want him to see it."
So this was really happening, huh? He'd fucked up so bad that he'd driven Cas into this fucking weird relationship with his
It was true, he realised. "I think I enjoy physical contact and being held. Being human… I think I have craved touch without realising it."
“White sands.  The scent of sea salt and seaweed. The rolling sound of the surf lulling you to sleep.”
“Good.  Then let’s go home.  I packed while you were lolling around on the beach.  We have a three hour drive ahead of us.”
The djinn ripped a sheet of plywood away from the window as easily as Dean might have turned a page in a book.
“Yeah, I call bullshit,” Dean snorted.  “You wouldn’t be here talking to me now, if I hadn’t caught you by surprise before you could flap away.  Do you think I haven’t sensed you hanging around, lurking just out of sight?”
The thought of kissing Castiel – and being kissed in return – brought a contented smile to his face.  They had kissed for what seemed like hours; had only stopped when Dean could no longer hold back yawns of utter exhaustion.  And so they had nestled together, there on the beach, and Dean had drifted off to sleep safe in his angel's arms.  Now that he was awake, they could resume the kissing, could hopefully take a giant leap forward and do much more than that.  But, first, he really had to take a piss.  After that, they’d find a diner and fill his growling stomach.
Dean wrapped the angel in a tight embrace, and Castiel’s arms crept firmly around him in reply.  They came together like two puzzle pieces slotting into place, each completing the other.  And as their lips met for the first time, Dean truly felt himself to be in Heaven.  He and Castiel were finally on the same page, and an infinity of tomorrows lay before them.
He had not expected to wake ever again.  For several minutes he kept his eyes closed, taking in what information he could through his other senses, but there was nothing:  no scent, no sound, no taste.  However, he was certain that someone – something – was nearby. He opened his eyes to darkness, felt the presence shift closer... ever closer...
“Family?  Yeah, funny thing about that.  Didn’t you notice that I took off without going to see Mom and Dad?  That I didn’t bother to look up any of my friends?  Not even Charlie.  I got in my car... and I drove.”
Against all odds, Dean and Sam both lived to a ripe old age.  But, inevitably, they died.  A part of me died too with their passing.  The best part of me.
Dean and the doppelgänger turned their heads towards him, momentarily frozen in position: an erotic, living statue.  Pinned down by the other’s weight, his face gone blank with shock, Dean’s glance darted from one Castiel to the other.  Hope and tears filled his eyes in equal measure as his gaze settled on the obviously wrathful angel.
He wasn’t meant to live the apple pie life.  He had tried it with Lisa, and failed.  And now he was failing with Castiel too.  Just drifting through the days.  Passing each other like ships in the night, a quick kiss on the cheek or brow the only intimacy either one initiated.  Dean found himself missing the Castiel he knew, missing the man he knew himself to be.
They stood shoulder to shoulder, then, peering into a dimly lit room.  There was a bare and tattered mattress lying on the floor, a chair with a broken leg leaning drunkenly in one corner.  Peeling, butt-ugly wallpaper curled off the walls in jagged strips, and a water stain trekked a course across sagging ceiling tiles.
“Home,” Dean said, and wrapped Castiel in his arms.  “It takes us home,” he breathed, and kissed his angel as the rumble of the Impala's engine sounded in the distance, growing louder as it drew near.
Dean thought-projected the finger at Gabriel and his heavy-handed hint, but he had to agree with the sentiment behind the advice.
He felt cheated.  Things that should have been special, shared experiences were lost to him.  What remained was a shallow version of what could have been, had he been there from the start.  This was someone else’s idea of what his happily ever after should be.
Dean’s eyes narrowed, this time with suspicion rather than anger.  “How are you here, Sam?”  He shook his head.  “You can’t be here.  Not yet.  It doesn’t make sense.”
I won’t bore you with the details of my continued existence.  Those exploits have been chronicled in the ever evolving story of
His phone rang... and he ignored it.  He had no interest in whatever it was Sam had to say.  Hunched in on himself, he buried his face in his hands and let an emotional tide flow in to replace the emptiness.  Not a single, manly tear this time, but a seemingly endless river of tears that burned lava hot against his cheeks. Wracking sobs that made his chest ache as if his ribcage had been kicked in.  And, all the while, the words ‘I love you’ ran on a continuous loop in his mind.
But then, almost overnight, shortly after the vampire hunt, something changed.  Alertness returned to Dean’s eyes.  He was focused, eerily calm, as if he’d finally regained control of himself.  Oh, he still drank to excess.  Still hid out in his room.  But there was an new air of purposefulness about him.  Something had been settled in his mind.  At first, this gave Sam hope.  Could Dean possibly have moved on from mourning Cas?
“Cas!” Dean cried, and roughly shoved the doppelgänger aside. Still naked, he rolled off the bed and dashed across the room. Flinging his arms around Castiel, he held on tight.  “I thought I’d lost you,” he sobbed.  “Are you really here?  Is it really you?”
“What is it about this particular angel that makes him such a gigantic pain in my ass?” a voice asked querulously.
“I love you,” Dean said, sitting up and fitting his free hand to the curve of Castiel’s cheek.  “I. Love. You.  I’ll keep repeating it until you believe me.”
On Tuesday, the routine was much the same.  Castiel rushed off to Yale, and Dean was left alone in a house that felt like a real home, just not one that belong to him.  He was an outsider here, an imposter, and he soon decided that he had to escape for the day or he’d go mad. A quick computer search revealed that they lived within walking distance of Tony’s Auto Services.  As the smell of oil, gasoline and exhaust fumes enveloped him, Dean felt himself relax for the first time since he had woken up on the beach. He also discovered he really liked his job, and was indeed damned good at it.  It was the one thing that felt right as the week progressed and the weekend drew near.  How their relationship would play out, once they were together with no distractions to keep them apart, frightened Dean more than any monster ever had.
“Cas!” Sam sputtered, leaping to his feet and wrapping his arms around his friend.  “How are you even here?”
The routine changed after that. Dean disappeared almost every evening, returning to their motel room or the Bunker reeking of cheap whiskey.  At the time, Sam had thought he was simply coping in a typically dysfunctional, Dean-like manner.  But, perhaps, it had been more than that.  Maybe, just maybe, he had been hunting something instead.  Something... or someone.
Dean was everything to me.  Of course I couldn’t just walk away from the chance to be with him.  No matter what it cost me.  No matter if he could never know the price I had to pay.
“Yeah,” Dean drawled, meeting her glare with a cocky grin.  “I don’t think so.  See, if you could do that, I’d already be dead, or just another one of your sleeping beauties.  But you only have dominion over angels and demons, don’t you?  A living, breathing human is off limits to you.”
“You know what would feel great?” Dean murmured. “Moving this over to the jacuzzi.  We have the stink of The Empty on us.”
It suddenly strikes me that I have existed longer without Dean than I existed before I met him.  Yet it is the time spent with him that lingers most in my mind.  The only picture I had of him is beyond faded now, it is just crumbling flakes of paper.  Here the hint of an eye, there the corner of a smile.  But the memories that never left me remain crystal clear.  I see his face forming before me.  The green eyes.  The constellation of freckles across his nose.  The glow of happiness that lights his every feature when he sees me.  The softening of his posture as he draws near to me.
When he had explored the space immediately around him, and (ha-ha) come up empty, he rose to his hands and knees and began to crawl in what he hoped was a methodical, ever widening circle.  It was hard to orient himself in the pitch black darkness, but he stubbornly persevered.  Until, finally, he was rewarded:  his hand chanced upon familiar fabric; followed the rough cloth of a sleeve up to a shoulder, trailed along a neck until it reached a stubbled cheek.
It was still relatively early, but Sam was already feeling ready to call it a night. "You wanna take the bed?" Sam asked as Cas left the bathroom, wiping his hands dry on his hoodie.
, I-" His words caught in his throat, a sharp pain shooting through his chest. He still couldn't get the words out.
The sounds of the bed helped to drown out the noise from next door, and even though he could hear a woman’s voice, he couldn’t hear
"Uh..." Dean, already shaken from - apparently - having scaled the back of the building to break into a window, went pale.
feeling that he had for Dean; even though their relationship was strained currently, Cas still pictured his future as being one primarily with Dean. After all,
"Oh, no, he was terrible," Cas explained, eyes still glued to the television as Sam moved around the room. "I ended up having to train him personally; I usually trained the advanced fighters, but he had injured too many of the lower ranks, and everyone refused to train him. He was nearly reassigned," Cas smiled fondly, as though it were a good memory. "He stabbed me several times during our first session, and not on
"But the porn depicts real sexual acts," Cas answered, tilting his head as he tried to parse what that could mean. "Does real sex not include fellatio and anal penetration?"
Perhaps Sam had had something he'd intended to say, but it was interrupted by an indecent groan from the next room.
ready to hear another goddamn thing about how Sam’s sudden and inexplicable attraction to Cas wasn’t supernatural.
The door opened, and Sam stumbled forward, no longer supported by it; he staggered, nearly dropping the duffle as he overbalanced, awkwardly straightening up to see Dean giving him a questioning look.
“I want to do this, man.” He’s never been an ace at the puppy eyes, not like his brother is, but he gives it his best shot anyway.
That said, now that Sam’s graduated and moved back to the area with fiance in tow, Dean’s realizing maybe he’s put his own needs, and wants, on the back burner long enough.
Elbows drawn to his knees, he grinds the heels of his palms into his eyes, mind cartwheeling between punching the wall and shouting. Instead, he sits in abject silence, face in his hands, until something like hollowness settles where his heart used to be. A grim calm, one that tells him he’ll need a stiff drink or an excellent lay just to
Since beginning this regimen, he’s taken a liking to performing it on the deck overlooking the garden. Which would be fine and dandy if Dean didn’t have to watch him do it.
“About that,” he starts, licking his lips, “you know, relationships. Since you’re staying here and all…”
“He’s always right. I hate my ‘shithole’ apartment. I hate my job. I hate my boss. I hate following orders, doing what everyone else wants, and never what
His mouth attempts a smile but his muscles are far too loose to manage much more than a half-hearted twitch. “‘M tired.”
Eventually, it was clear what they had wasn’t moving forward, and whatever “next step” Lisa kept sticking around for wasn’t coming. Nearly a year passed, and he still stayed at Bobby’s more often than not, and half the nights he did spend at her place he crashed on the couch rather than following her to bed.
Strategically, they’d prepared for this. Organized their father’s hospital care, made financial arrangements, attended to the signing of wills, so on and so forth. However, he had put little thought into
“Look, I’m a control freak with an anger problem. That’s not on you, that’s on me. It’s… it’s somethin’ I gotta work on, and I will, okay?” He rests a hand on Cas’ hunched shoulder and tries not to think about the way it fits perfectly in his palm. More than anything, he really just wants the guy to
Knelt between Dean’s bowed legs, he drinks his fill of the view. Broad, strong shoulders. Golden skin lightly dusted with freckles and soft blond-auburn hair that darkens between the vee of his thighs. Shapely pectorals and pert, pink nipples, the flavor of which still linger on Castiel’s tongue. The slight softness of his stomach and flushed, perfect cock lying straight atop it, twitching with need, begging for touch.
Droplets pool in the hollow of Cas’ gold-tanned throat before winding a path down his broad chest, past a—
cares about family more than anything. And he’d stood by Castiel in the worst of times when he had no one else. Protected him, in his way.
Cas smiles wearily. “Your concern is duly noted, and appreciated, but unnecessary. I can take care of myself. Besides, I thought you two were ‘old friends’.”
, it’s is the kind of place where everyone knows your name. A sort of second home where locals can relax after a long, hard day’s work and enjoy a decent beer and pub fare surrounded by familiar faces.
It’s an innate, primal response, the human need for proximity. For touch, warmth. It’s one he’s given into frequently but all too often disappointed because it’s never the closeness he craves.
He imagines Dean greedily measuring every tiny noise, every pant and groan, every expression on his face as he fucks him slowly open on his fingers, learning all his special tells and playing Castiel like a fine-tuned instrument. His finger slips inside, still slow, wet and yet not slick enough for the perfect balance of friction and slide as his inner walls both stretch and clench in pulsing waves. Head tipping sharply back, it knocks against the tile. This isn’t the perfect angle, but oh well, he’ll work with what he’s got for now because he’s done this enough times to know every firm stroke, every twist and flick, to know just the way he likes it as he builds up a rhythm between the mild burn and pressure in his ass and the hand furiously working his dick.
The sun peeks above the horizon, bathing the streets in its faint golden light, the streetlamps slowly petering out as he runs. The streets themselves are silent, mostly deserted save for a couple of trucks, but by the time he’s circled back toward Eden Lodge less than a half-hour later, more cars are filtering in and the lobby finally appears to be open. He stops at the gas station for coffee before heading across the street because, like most mornings, he's unwilling to speak to another human being without a healthy dose of caffeine in his system.
, he thinks, probably for the millionth time. And he’ll repeat it as often as required if only to convince Dean of its truth.
to and shoved back on the shelves. How Cas is even alive is a fucking mystery for the ages, considering the way he shops.
“Oh, and I’m bringing the karaoke machine to the Cheesecake Festival this weekend. You know what that means!”
“Honestly, I’m not sure anymore. I’ve tried flirting, but you know how well that usually works for me. There are times I think maybe he’s interested, and then he… I don’t know. Freezes up.”
Less than fifteen minutes later, Dean’s pulling Baby down an unpaved path toward the lake and into a spot far enough away from the rows of other vehicles that there’s no chance of her getting scratched, though it means they’ll have farther to walk. They quickly unpack the beer, food, and folding chairs from the trunk, then make their way to the waterfront, Dean grinning like a kid on Christmas morning. He loves the fuck out of holidays and is excited to share this one with Cas.
Though last night wasn’t really a date, it kinda felt like it at the time, and it’d been going so well that he thought, or at least hoped, Cas felt the same way. The whole thing was straight out of one of those romantic comedies he denies watching. Maybe he read the guy wrong, though. Wouldn’t be the first time and probably won’t be the last.
He decides then that Sam is impossible not to like, and endeavors to, as Dean would put it, “loosen up.”
Dean looks down at the barely-there space between them and shrugs. Clenches a fist, then releases, flexing the fingers as they itch to reach for Cas’ hand. It’s so fucking stupid how hard it is to just touch him, however much he wants to, when they’re so much closer in the silent dark of their bedroom every night.
Somebody better call the fire department because yep, his face is actually, literally, engulfed in flames now. He didn’t realize just how much he’d spilled the first night he met Cas. Considering Charlie’s absolute lack of a filter and Jo’s teasing attitude, there’s no fucking way the entire town hasn’t heard about it. And he’s already sent out a mass-text inviting about two dozen people to Friday’s party.
The words fail him, dancing on the edge of his tongue where he shoves it hard behind his teeth, jaw cinched shut, because he doesn’t even know where to friggin’ start or if he’s ready to take that step.
“I…” Castiel exhales slowly, shoulders slumping more with relief than defeat. Gabriel is right. He doesn't think he’ll feel up to working this week anyway if today’s utter lack of productivity is anything to go by. What he wants right now is a stiff drink, to curl up with Claire, and turn his brain (and his feelings) off for a few hours. “Alright. Let me make a few calls. And Gabriel?”
His cheeks heat and eyes widen at the request. He hadn’t expected Cas to take the bait because, for one, twelve years on Earth still hasn’t made him the master of subtlety, and two, they’ve never actually done
The stranger exhales, low and loud, staring down at his pie-spattered black leather boots with a furrowed brow and his shoulders slump as though that’s the cherry on top of a giant shit sundae. When he at last peers up through his thick, dark eyelashes, damn, he has the saddest, most soulful look Dean has ever seen on anything besides a puppy. Could even give Sam a run for his money.
Cas’ eyes flutter closed for a second, a small moan breaking free from his lips as though he’s imagining it. “God, Dean, that’s so unbelievably sexy.”
“Look, we’ve been cleaning for hours. I’m gonna go pick us up some dinner. Just uh, chill out for a while and go get cleaned up. ‘Kay?”
Hurriedly, he slides the cloth over his feet and up his bowed legs. Adjusts the fit until his now-hard, throbbing cock sits perfectly, the swollen and blushing head peeking through the top of the lace waistband, just above a tiny pink bow. He grabs his phone, tongue darting out over his plump lower lip as he turns the camera on and snaps several pictures. But something feels off, taking them standing like this in the middle of his room, so he lies down on the bed instead.
Reluctantly, Castiel peels himself away to peer up at Dean with curious eyes. His freckled cheeks are pink, his lips freshly wetted and glistening in the light, and Castiel sees only sincerity reflected in his gaze. Magnetized, he tilts his head and tries to memorize the sight, pulse hammering beneath the starched white cotton blend of his shirt, blood rushing in his ears. Hot puffs of Dean’s breath feather across his face with the cinnamon-mint scent of his toothpaste, so close he can almost taste it. He leans in—
Harvelle’s Roadhouse, run by none other than Ellen, is a real jewel even in a college town like Lawrence. The hole-in-the-wall bar has been a staple of the community since before Dean was born, and like the show
“Seriously?" Dean blinks. "It’s—you take a shot, man, of whatever you drank the night before. With some coffee or juice, usually.” Noting Castiel’s sour expression, he chuckles. “You know. ‘The cure for what ails you is more of it?’ I dunno why it works, it just does. Uh, temporarily, though. Better to get some greasy food in ya.”
He watches Cas stomp up the stairs (for lack of a better term, ‘cause he’s pretty sure each step is landing just on the hard side, at least more than is necessary). Rolling his eyes, he grabs his wallet and heads into town.
But Dean’s eyes close as he chokes out, “I—fuck,” and Castiel’s heart begins its steady descent into the earth beneath them because
