The man across the desk shrugged. “It nears the end of the season, and the ladies need their thrills as much as the men. Doubtless a dozen similar gatherings took place in the mansions of Gondal Town last night. But I had not expected Miss Hooper to make one of such a party. Especially not at such a time.”
The matter unrolled all at once, like a proof in mathematics. “Oh – unless she were seen as doing it as a favour to someone who was the very reverse of fashionable. Like speaking kitchen Greek to the servants.”
“I don’t think you do,” Elizabeth snapped, before she could restrain herself. "I’ve thought of forty ways in which she could have be captured, imprisoned, tortured by the Beast of Gondal –”
Harriet raised her eyes heavenwards, though her sentiments were considerably less elevated. “I trust I know you better than to believe all you hear.”
“I might as well inquire why with so evident a desire of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?”
She gestured towards the window. “In my childhood, those hills were bare, or bore only spindly little saplings. The old growth was destroyed in a forest fire, years before I was born. But now, look how beautifully wooded they are!”
They had a nervous meal: the heavy-beamed room lit by frequent flashes of lightning, the relentless pounding of rain like small-shot on the tiled roof above. Nor did the storm let up until long after they had retired to bed. In the uneasy sleep that come to someone accustomed to sleeping with the deadweight of a husband – and, prior to that, a sister – on the right-hand side, Charlotte dreamt herself standing on the ramparts of a besieged castle, her arms tight around a swaddled infant, while below armies raged. Her arms ached and the backs of her legs were taut with tension when she at last awoke into the pearlescent glow of dawn.
At that last question she got what she had been looking for; the slightest sideways movement of his head. She had played chess with him for years. Only after their return from Gaaldine, when she had come to know him better, had she been careful to lose a fraction more frequently than she won.
For the girls, their only salvation lay in marriage. Given the paucity of their portions Harriet would have to rely on strategy to make up the difference. The few young men of the district were a known quantity: either impossible or already spoken for. The Duplessis would have to cast their nets wider.
“And those very facts would put Jane in all the more danger: especially the last. Have you no inkling why his late Grace chose to marry his daughter into a family which could put thirty thousand troops into the field should anyone challenge the match?”
Finally, and this carried the most weight with Darcy, his uncle held a seat in the King’s Council. If the King wanted to get Georgiana back by force of arms he would by the immemorial custom of Gondal have to consult the Council before putting an army in the field. True, he would not have to take their advice, but if he ignored it and things turned out badly, more than one King in Gondal’s history had lived to rue such a decision. And more than one had
, found its way via an argosy of Ragusa into the port of Elbe, and, further, into the hands of an old soldier who spoke the tongue of Gaaldine like a native and of a willowy clerk who spoke it like nothing Charlotte had ever heard on God’s green earth?
As they drove under the massive South Gate, Elizabeth noted the heads of traitors on pikes, and suppressed nausea. So many. When she had passed through that gate a bare three months earlier, on her outward journey, there had not been half – not a quarter – of those grisly relics. What was her country coming to?
“Ma’am!” she hissed. “You are the first ranking lady of Gondal. The first ranking lady of Gondal does not go into wineshops.”
There could be no demurral to a request phrased so close to an order, not from a ‘Mary Arba’. As they made their preparations, Charlotte hovered by Elizabeth’s shoulder, her face pinched and wan. Charlotte’s air was that of one who teeters on the edge of a confidence. However, the ruthless urgency with which Molly manoeuvred her little expedition into position, commandeering Giulio into carrying the sketching equipment, water bottles &c, left no space for private conversation. Almost before Elizabeth knew what was afoot they were in motion to the harbour.
“Mrs Reynolds sent an express from Pemberley. Unlike you, that messenger didn’t stop off at Meryton. And your second stable-boy is sweet on my kitchen-maid. The news you had reached Gondal Town and proposed to ride out to see my uncle was with me, I flatter myself, before it even reached the Palace.”
In less time than Frances could have believed possible, a damp ship’s boy had appeared at their side. Jonathan gestured, grandly, towards a stool at the table’s end. The boy reached out for the food; it was some minutes before he resurfaced.
He was supplied with fresh clothes, which must be the master of the house’s own (very fine, though they were a little too long in the legs and arms.) Further servants brought him fresh lemonade and a delicate chicken broth with a warm roll on the side.
Not for the first time in this conversation, Frances wished she were in a position to take notes. Still, if her job was now to improve English at the Court, there was only one thing for it. She drew a deep breath and plunged.
“Then I am trebly glad I heeded her warning. And that – on her suggestion – I gave my winnings from that evening to alleviate the sufferings of the poor of Gondal Town.”
be searched; even your closest and most personal servants cannot be trusted. The Pretender knows everyone’s levers – at least, so he likes to think. You cannot afford to be found with my token on you.”
,” she murmured and was gratified to see a puzzled expression on the Crown Prince’s face. She tapped the paper on her lap.
The Crown Prince gestured with the glowing bowl of his pipe. “‘Great-aunt’? That has the right ring. Indeed, as matters stand in Gondal, you might class her the
The northern ridge was darker than Darcy had expected. Owls called in the depths of the thicket; here and there he caught the glint of fireflies. He had set out too early; there was only the faintest glimmer of silver over behind the far fells. Groping by memory, he found the stone bench the head gardener claimed had been there since Roman times, the bench that in his childhood had been everything from a fort defended against overwhelming attack by the forces of Gaaldine to a pirate galley on the Adriatic.
He nodded, not sure if he could trust his voice, and the Gaaldinian saluted, and went. Julian downed the wine and turned to face the small, makeshift shrine in the corner of the cave.
“– and it caused a degree of scandal when my poor Aunt Elaine should, so soon after being rendered a widow, consent to become a wife once more. Especially when her choice was – who he was.”
“No, indeed, she wouldn’t. But I’m no fool, at least not so big a fool as to think you, signor, would let me leave here alive, were I to silence her. But trust me: I mean no harm.”
“The law? Madam, the law is administered by the King’s justices and his late Grace –” He left the sentence delicately hanging, but Elizabeth completed it.
Worst of all was her uncle’s postscript: they might expect to see their father at home on the following day, since he had been rendered spiritless by the ill-success of all their endeavours and, as her uncle tactfully put it, had yielded to his entreaty that he would return to his family and leave it to Mr Gardiner to do whatever might be advisable.
They rode the two miles to Meryton in almost total silence. Charles worried over what he would say to whichever officer had commandeered Armstrong’s barn. As for Darcy, the whole world knew that Darcy would be hung and drawn before speaking of family matters. That he had come so far beyond his habit was as if the moon had danced in her courses. Small wonder he had no energy to make conversation.
Mr Bingley was not mentioned at all; Miss Bingley only in passing, and with mild disappointment at her perfunctory attentions to Jane in Town and her cold and repulsive manners. Nevertheless, a sense of quiet, stoically borne unhappiness steamed off every line Jane had written. How dare Mr Darcy boast of his triumph in separating Jane and Mr Bingley, when this was the result?
Lizzie should have a care. The window in a woman’s life in which men saw such remarks as pert rather than shrewish was narrower than any woman imagined, at least until she discovered the hard way that window had shut behind her. But, halfway up Belmont, Harriet had no spare breath with which to impart lessons in life.
She found a secluded spot and opened the letter: a densely written sheet, covering both sides of the paper and enclosed in an envelope containing almost as much again.
“–was Mr Darcy’s connexion. Oh, how odious the man is! And how unfair that the King’s kin should be favoured in such a way and the King’s justice so subverted.”
“Goodness!” Elizabeth exclaimed. “I had not an idea of it. Imagine a King having an aunt, like ordinary mortals. Do you suppose she sends him pages of good advice on the merits of wintergreen ointment and earnest instructions as to the care of his undergarments?”
“Perhaps we could walk the whole park?” Her uncle, absorbed in his contemplation of the rushing, peat-brown waters from the mid-point of a little wooden bridge, was unaware of the expression of horror on his wife’s face. The gardener, wiser perhaps than the gentleman, let out a low whistle.
At the soldier’s feet was a battered, dazed man, his face puffed with privation, his lips black and cracked. Darcy dropped to his knees beside him; someone handed him a flask, and he dripped water between the man’s cracked lips. The man’s throat convulsed as he swallowed.
He dropped his eyes to conceal his thoughts and almost gasped aloud. On top of the mess of papers strewn across the low table was one in a handwriting he recognised; had, in fact, seen far too often.
“His Grace the King will, of course, take the view that, should you pay the ransom, you would give a war chest to someone who already is in occupation of a strategic position on our northern marches. Many in Council will take that to be a powerful argument. And so it is.”
“That may be so. But it would not, my lord, pay a garrison, let alone an army. Nor would all the valuables you and I have managed to bear away with us. To say nothing of the point that attempting to liquidate my possessions – my
Sherlock’s eyes glinted in the rising dawn light. “Oh, indeed. The game, John, the greatest of games is afoot.”
Elizabeth dipped her knee and murmured the word, “Happy” several times, and rose to the dazzling intelligence that they were bidden to make up the evening party at Rosings that very day and to dinner on the morrow.
“My poor dear,” she said. “I can see from your expression that your head-ache has not quite dissipated. It was brave of you to set out.”
ladies of Meryton in the case I’ll eat my hat,” she said promptly. “The Pretender’s sister has brought Miss Duplessis and Mrs Collins to Elbe. But for what purpose?”
Colonel Fitzwilliam smiled. “He did not talk to me of his own arts. He only told me what I have now told you.”
Destiny, then, was little more than three leagues away, rolling down the road to meet him on cumberous, iron-tyred wheels. He nodded, dry-mouthed.
Then, in a voice so low Charlotte had to strain to hear it, Molly breathed, “I should not have allowed him to go.”
She introduced the officers to Mrs Gardiner, and the ensuing conversation flowed with more animation and more real taste and wit than the drawing room had witnessed in many months. Even above his usual qualities, Wickham possessed one singular charm. Mrs Gardiner had spent the best part of her youth in the village of Lambton, not five miles distant from Pemberley. In talking over familiar scenes, describing the many recollected excellencies of the late Mr Darcy and reminding each other of local tales and gossip, they found much mutual enjoyment. The gentlemen stayed for dinner as a matter of course, and Wickham in particular formed an essential element of the numerous parties of pleasure Mama organised for her cousins during the next seven days.
The expression in those eyes seemed relentless and yet pitying, again giving her the sense of dealing with a power not of this earth.
They had caught each other at it and exchanged the shaky smiles of soldiers who have beaten off one assault, but have no notion when or from which quarter the next will erupt.
Something, perhaps the presence of the priest, though he surely he could not hear them above the noise of the wineshop, prompted Harriet to wholly uncharacteristic frankness. “Though I grant, my feelings on that point may have done them a disservice. My indulgence when it comes to music may come back to bite the girls, after all. Women need to have accomplishments, everyone tells one, or they will die unwed. ”
Charlotte assented, but Elizabeth could not help feeling that there was a certain constraint as they descended the hill.
at the King’s command. But I could hardly inflict him upon anyone other than a family member and Fitzwilliam knows him of old.”
He flinched. At, Frances adjudged, the precise moment when he was at his most demoralised, she leant forward.
The moon had only just started to decline. Julian had expected more time to have passed. They were almost at the edge of the bluff above the river before either of them spoke.
He was a Judas; there was no hope for him on either side of the grave. But – God forgive him! – he had once loved the young mistress with all he had and could be, and even now he would never dream of – could not dream of – doing her harm.
Her hand went to her lips. That voice’s warmth, its precise cadences were unmistakably those of Sir Vernon Hooper, master of Netherfield Park, the guest of honour.
The Malham cub has grown in more than stature during his half-year’s absence. Darcy envies him the readiness of his address, even while planning to duck him in the great lake as soon as circumstances and his obligations to a guest of noble status permit.
“Some twenty-five years ago my Aunt Elaine died at Netherfield Park. She died Lady Elaine Hooper, but had she lived, had she not made her scandalous second marriage, she would now be the Princess Dowager, first-ranked lady in Gondal, at least until the King chooses to wed.”
She nodded, her eyes shifting from side to side, trying (Molly judged) to gauge what answers would please her royal master.
Once the last of the lanterns had vanished, Julian stood up, grinding his nails into the palms of his hands, counting. Directly below him an overturned wagon and barrels, artistically arranged to look as if they had spilled from it, blocked the whole of the roadway.
“I see it would be imprudent in me to fall in love with Mr Wickham, or he with me. But what or when has prudence ever had to do with love? How can I promise to be wiser than my fellow mortals? What, indeed, is prudence in such a case? Suppose he were to make me an offer today – I have no expectation he will do such a thing, but suppose he did – and I refused him because of want of fortune, perhaps seven years from now all would pity me for having scorned a man destined to become a dashing young colonel, high in Court favour and loaded with the wealth of his conquests.”
“History does not have to repeat itself,” Colonel Fitzwilliam murmured. “At least Charles Bingley starts having the advantage of a good heart.”
Lady Anthea’s perfect brows arched. “How odd. Several of my friends (at least, they claim the title, and who am I to gainsay it?) would say that reputation belonged to your own mother.”
The scattered fireflies became a swarm as, with stately slowness, the Bishop’s wagon train emerged round the spur. From his eyrie, Julian waited and watched, every nerve thrumming, an arrow nocked to a bow but not yet loosed.
“I know of them.” Perhaps suspecting that sounded too cold, he added, “That is, Charles Bingley is a pleasant, gentlemanlike man, and a great friend of my cousin.”
If only that unlucky letter had come at any other time, so she could have concealed all knowledge of Lydia’s weakness from Mr Darcy. Though, at least she had this meagre comfort: he was the man of all men she could trust not to spread knowledge of her sister’s disgrace any further. But even if her sister’s marriage with Wickham had been concluded on perfectly honourable terms, the last thing Mr Darcy would dream of doing would be to accept Wickham, a man he justifiably despised, as a brother in law.
“My dear, I am sure his grace has more claims on his time than to squander it on paying off decades-old scores against minor country gentry.”
She leant forward and dropped her voice, as if for fear the coachman might be able to hear, or, absurdly, their voices carry to the maid and attendant manservant in the following carriage with the luggage.
Lizzie. I shall be quite restored in a moment. Do not make an exhibition of yourself. Or of me, either.”
First among the company, his Grace the Duke of Malham, arguably the third most powerful man in Gondal, newly returned from a diplomatic mission to the Sublime Porte.
Julian drops his voice impressively. “The situation of the City is unsurpassed in all the world, its buildings are glorious, I could talk of the antiquities from dawn until dusk and not even scratch the surface, but it is crawling with spies and creatures of the Sultan. One may not breathe too deeply at dawn in Üsküdar, it is said, but the New Palace knows of it by noon. Accordingly, everyone of note in Constantinople talks pretty nothingnesses and conveys their real sentiments only in ciphers.”
She sat back, and gave her sunniest smile. “Horatio. Please bring us a flask of the finest Angrian. Nothing less will do for the man who stole the necklace from Crown Princess Elaine’s betrothal parure right under the nose of the Pretender of Gondal.”
His uncle had, indeed, been a general. Faced with so comprehensive an overset of his previous thoughts he regrouped. By the time the three of them had finished strategising, the best part of a turn later, he thought they came on well.
“Quite the reverse, my dear coz! And I wished you to be the very first to know of the good fortune to befall my
“Well,” she said lightly, “they must be the losers. We shall not suffer by it. Charlotte: we have talked from time to time about taking a truly
Harriet found herself hard-pressed not to giggle. In her terror at the thought of leaving her girls unprovided for, in her utter despair at Clarence, who
The master of Pemberley gestured towards the bandage on his head. “Mrs Reynolds tells me that was a serious injury you suffered, so I shall try not to keep you from rest too long. Also, you may not be quite aware of how long you spent in captivity? Your party left Pemberley on the 9th of last month; that is, rather more than three weeks ago.”
She was passing a little church. She stepped into the cool, incense-hung dark, lit a candle and stood before the altar in the Lady Chapel, asking for guidance.
“So I surmised, when from a high hill in the south of the district I surveyed your troop’s erratic progress down the road. Tell me, Trooper Musgrave, have you
Mama smiled; a close-lipped, contained smile which neither reached her eyes nor reassured Elizabeth in the smallest particular.
Julian drew a deep breath. The task outlined was mountainous; it would have daunted even Crispian, but nonetheless he felt his veins run with liquid fire.
solider. What’s more, you can rest assured, my dear, that neither his interests nor his interest would incline him towards Frances’ bed.”
Frances cast a quick look up and down the Cathedral transept. There was no-one within earshot. “Ma’am, if you would do me a great favour – I find myself in need of advice and – and a friend told me that there was no lady at Court whose advice was better worth hearing.”
A couple of the bolder men essayed a mock-groan, and the sergeant glared at them. Most, though, untied their leather jacks from their belts, and queued to have them filled, loudly calling blessings on the lodge-keeper’s wife, and somewhat exaggerating both the hardships of the journey and the length of time they had been travelling. According to the most up-to-date Army maps, the distance from their quarters at Deadholm Barracks to Pemberley was barely twenty leagues and they had covered less than half that distance today. If things went smoothly at the house they could be on their way back to camp by nightfall. By the day after tomorrow, perhaps, this would all be over, his charge consigned to someone else for the remaining journey to Gondal Town, and the welcome tedium of his normal duties would resume.
“Nearer a third,” Molly said. "I did the calculation over supper. Like yours, my initial estimates were rather optimistic. That was why –”
, Mrs Reynolds and Mrs Annesley had both agreed, for the heiress of Pemberley to arrive on a visit to her cousin the King without the choicest selections of her wardrobe,
Her voice sounded dispassionate, but her knuckles, white from the ferocity with which she gripped the brush-handle, told a different story. But why should she conceal her emotions? If Jane ruled a kingdom and someone, anyone, however good their claim, threatened her throne, Elizabeth would not be so restrained.
The servants directed him to the chapel. It was in darkness save for the pool of candlelight in the sanctuary, from which rose the low mutter of the priest saying Mass. He half-expected to hear the Requiem. As he rode, his mind had repeatedly returned to
? Why, almost three years ago the man could not put both heels together with his eyes shut without staggering.”
Miss Darcy acknowledged the introduction in a monosyllable as gruff as anything Lady Catherine could have produced. Any suspicion that the niece was a pale copy of the aunt, however, was immediately dispelled by seeing the pink at the tips of Miss Darcy’s ears and the way her fingers wrung in the sides of her gown. Insight hit Elizabeth. Rather than being exceedingly proud, as repute had her, Georgiana Darcy was merely exceedingly shy.
“Where is that man now?” The other’s voice was silky smooth, but Giulio saw the pit opening beneath him, nonetheless.
It had not – she bit her lip so fiercely in internal denial that she tasted blood – it had not been for that reason that she’d avoided visiting Netherfield subsequently. Indeed, Jane had been conceived hard on the miscarriage, and Harriet had barely stirred from Longbourn during the whole of that pregnancy, for fear of history repeating itself.
He supposes he should feel slighted to be so dismissed. He is ten years Georgiana’s elder, six years older than Julian. But Julian is clearly bursting to talk about Constantinople; Georgiana, quite over her initial shyness, bubblingly eager to listen and Mrs Reynolds hovers, smiling, carrying a tray with lemonade, shortbread biscuits and his most particular favourite hazelnut confits.
Given that Mr Darcy had a sister in the North, given their recent upheavals with Lydia, given the lines of strain about his mouth and eyes, Harriet thought she could infer what shape the crisis had taken.
Giulio saw the horses put up and expertly rubbed down by the head farrier of the best inn at Charlescut Halt. Having paid for their care and left instructions to have the carriage prepared for the return journey to Rosings in four turns, he wrapped himself in a cloak against the gathering mizzle and slipped unobtrusively through the back door of the inn yard. A few minutes down the twisting streets found him at an unpretending hostelry, which afforded him space to change from his crisp livery into the nondescript breeches and jerkin he had brought with him. For a small consideration, the inn also hired him a hairy-fetlocked, balky piebald.
“Leave that question aside for now. I have had these ear-bobs in my possession for weeks – ever since my agent found you had pawned them.”
The master of Pemberley did not seem to take it as such. He smiled. “Look at it from my point of view. My sister is captive in the hands of this man. Would I rather trust to a bandit pretending to a connection with one of the great families of Gondal or to someone who has known her from her earliest years? But did he vouchsafe to you anything of his intentions with regard to my sister?”
Nor did the King’s belated decision to make the inaugural State Ball of his reign a costume piece in the style of forty years earlier pass without comment in Society. One sharp-tongued old dowager observed that the dress of the day had been unflattering enough when she and her cohort were maidens in the prime of their dancing days and she trusted no onlooker would be shocked into swooning by the sight of her naked, ancient shoulders.
That had been six years ago and parcels of game and the best of the girls’ outgrown gowns were still sent from Longbourn to the inn on the road and Bessie still returned a barrel of beer for the harvest home celebration each year. Whatever secrets she entrusted to Bessie, they would be safe, and she would sleep safe and respectably beneath her roof.
the degree of abstraction which the letter provoked in you suggested that you have concern – anxiety, even – for the writer.
“I trust I have your consent? Georgiana has accepted my proposal but she cannot face the thought of grieving you by marrying clandestinely. She asked me to seek your blessing. And, for your better reassurance, this is not a case of her lacking options. Any suggestion that her reputation has been damaged by the events of the last days is one I will defend, if necessary, with my body.”
“I find myself enthused with a passion for sketching. There was a curious ship down in the harbour which would, I believe, make an excellent study. Charlotte was, I believe, a little done up by our walk, so I would advise her to take an afternoon nap, but would you, Elizabeth, care to join me? One never sketches with so much enthusiasm without a companion to whom one may enquire, ‘Does this look lop-sided, or no?’”
. They build them in the Adriatic, and they ply through all the three kingdoms. I understand they roll tremendously in rough weather. One of the lords of the court was forced to take passage across the straits of Otranto in one this January. It came on to blow and oh! How he suffered! Granted, he made a very good tale of it, and perhaps his sufferings may have been exaggerated
Astonishment struck her silent. The moment when she could have stopped this lunacy at its source was forever lost.
For a moment Harriet paused. Then she laughed; great, open-throated peals of laughter that hurt, like lesions ripping free beneath scar tissue, leaving her raw, but open to healing at last.
Crispian, of course, would never have had to put up with this. The meanest churl on the estate fell over himself to do Crispian’s bidding. It was only Julian who had to work at enforcing his authority; only Julian who had to face his private humiliations when that authority was disrespected.
The Betrothal Portrait shifted its quarters once more and now hung above the great entrance to the palace ballroom. A succession of frantic applications were made to the Household Office to permit a procession of young ladies, their chaperones, abigails and representatives to view the portrait and study its subtleties of drapery and accessorising. It was even rumoured that a former tiring maid of the late Queen (senior enough to have been already in Palace employ at the date of Lady Elaine’s engagement) had been spotted sketching busily away before the portrait, though on whose account none could say.
Morning saw Elizabeth out early along her favourite walk through Rosings park. She hoped strenuous exercise might do something to deaden the agitated feelings which had permitted her little rest. With equal fervour, she hoped she might be spared meeting any of the Rosings party. That hope was destined to be dashed.
Rather than answer immediately, the Crown Prince reached inside his satin frock-coat and pulled out a soft leather pouch and a pipe.
impossible. Form letters they might be, but her uncle had written them and seen them delivered, even from Gaaldine. Replies might be managed, somehow.
They did not taste the sweets of Elbe port that evening. Barely had they drunk their lemonade, eaten and praised the almond biscuits which accompanied it, unpacked their bags and seen their clothes safely consigned to the heavy, old-fashioned, cedar-wood presses than clouds were looming, dark and ominous, over the seaward horizon.
Julian rose to his feet. “Sir, will you do me the honour of walking with me a while outside? No –” He raised his hand to forestall a hesitance that might, after all, have been imaginary. “I shall not ask you to receive my confession in a pine grove on a mountainside.”
At Hunsford, far from the bustle of the capital, Charlotte’s health was indifferent and her spirits worse. Her husband’s delight after the physician recommended by Lady Catherine confirmed her own month-long suspicions as to her condition
“An occasion?” Charles’ wits floundered, his mind running on balls and fetes. Abruptly, he made a connection. “You mean, for a duel?”
She had been one of Harriet’s fellow ladies of the bedchamber: the highest in rank (she was some distant cousin of the Queen herself) and yet the first to welcome the physician’s daughter into that close, jealous sisterhood. Flora’s graceful carriage and straight, silky, black hair had occupied many of Harriet’s better dreams during that dream-like period.
“Harriet–!” John’s despairing cry was abruptly bitten off. Probably, despite their hallowed surroundings, the Crown Prince had kicked him.
Deprived of alternatives, she must now pin all her hopes of happiness on the prospect of her tour with the Gardiners, now deferred by three weeks.
“Enough!” The King’s balled fist hit the wall behind her left ear. “Answer my questions, only. Did my sister, Lady Molly Hooper, attend your gambling parties or not?”
The skin between Elizabeth’s shoulder-blades prickled. Wickham had said something about her resemblance to the Princess. But since she had read and re-read Mr Darcy’s letter, she knew not which, if any, of Wickham’s professions could be trusted. In this, though, it seemed he had spoken truth.
.’ That’s what they say, sir, and as for me, however deep the winter I can’t say I’ve ever seen a gorse bush wholly without flowers. They’re very fine at present. So’s the heather. Heather and gorse would complement one another, of course.”
A tendril of suspicion touched her mind. Could this new assault on Wickham’s fortunes also be laid at Mr Darcy’s door? She stifled that suspicion with what she intended to be robust fairness. Surely a Duke of Malham must be engaged in high politics, far beyond her ken, and Mr Darcy, proud and resentful as she knew him to be, would not stoop so low as to further harm a man whose hopes he had already blackened.
“Five deserters, overnight! With their horses and all their gear! What, sergeant, can you possibly have been about, to let such a thing happen?”
“Not wrong, precisely, my dear, but you recall what we spoke of at Christmas? This business of the Duke’s – you will understand that the downfall of a man such as that affects the lives of hundreds, tens of hundreds, of other people?”
There was more, but those were the last words she recollected until she surfaced, abruptly, shouting, “Do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept the man who has been the means of ruining, perhaps for ever, the happiness of a most beloved sister?”
Charles slid back under the sheets. Sitting up had done nothing for his shoulder, and the opened window was letting in an unwholesome draught.
“Lemonade would be delightful, ma’am. But I may not linger long. We need to be on the road back to Deadholm Barracks and thereafter to Gondal Town as soon as may be and surely the young lady will need time to pack?”
Gratefully, she buried her face in the soft fabric of her dress. At least that way she could not betray anyone by her expression.
us how you did it? Do you not suppose the Queen has jewels of her own, and plenty of designing eyes upon them? They have a saying in my country:
“My dear, do you not think Frances may come to a greater appreciation of her fault if left to contemplate it alone, until we choose to acknowledge her return? We are, surely, in no hurry? And the servants might just as well bring the lemonade and iced ginger tea up here.”
And then he sat back, his damnable eyes dark and impenetrable above the rim of his wine glass, and let silence stretch out.
was a poser. All Elizabeth could do by way of excuse was to say that though he had been far more civil when she met him at Rosings than he had appeared at Meryton, she had never seen him so agreeable as today. She also took the opportunity to drop as many hints as she felt at liberty to do about the falsity of Mr Wickham’s stories. On that last point, though, she was too much constrained by obligations of silence to convince her aunt, and at length they had to agree to disagree on Mr Wickham’s character.
“Come,” she said. “I suspect you have suffered a good deal. Let us find a wineshop and pledge the health of your daughters.”
Charles inhaled, hoping it would lend him fortitude. “But it’s the most charming place. Everything a single man like me could wish for. I daresay there’s nothing wrong with the furnishings a little fresh air and polish can’t cure in a trice. Isn’t that so, Caroline?”
“Anyway, things cannot be too bad. Jane has had a letter from Netherfield. I saw the groom deliver it, and then she ran up to her room with it. Perhaps Mr Bingley has proposed already. And I shall be a bridesmaid at the wedding.”
Giulio had travelled here from Gondal Town: through the Debatable Lands, over the Skogull passes, fear his constant companion. Two months ago, Frances would not have known the tell-tales to look for. Two years ago, she would not have known they existed. Today she was executive officer to a Queen-in-waiting and who knew how many lives depended on her reading him right and, having read him, using him where he could be placed most effectively?
Molly gestured with her left hand. “Over the saddle of that headland. It is a short walk, and well shaded for much of its length. But, if you are planning to go there in the evening, please ensure Giulio escorts you. It is not a large port, as such places go, but it
! To think of him, son of the village drunkard, butt of the village jokes since he could first remember, being on scolding terms with the daughter of the King’s mistress. Of course, no-one back in that pestilential, flea-ridden hole would have believed he would become one of the Crown Prince’s chosen men, either, but the Crown Prince’s penchant for hiring irregulars was notorious, and, in any event, however unconventionally he interpreted the role, the Crown Prince was his commanding officer, now and forever. Whereas Frances –
Jonathan regained control over his voice with an effort. “I can walk by myself, thank you. No need of shoving.”
“You’ll know when we get there,” she snapped, and, at Lizzie’s slapped expression, instantly regretted it.
Jane made no answer: what answer could there be? Conscious of having hurt the dearest thing that existed in the whole world, equally conscious of having spoken no more than the truth, Elizabeth opened her arms and enfolded Jane in a hug.
“And another thing. My husband and I speak as one in this matter.” That came with another of Charlotte’s awkward, blotchy flushes. Elizabeth’s insides clenched in sympathetic embarrassment.
The housekeeper had a swift, muttered convocation with Jeannette (Molly, true to her word, had retreated to her room) and announced that dinner would be served indoors.
“I assure you, a message was received. And by more than the King. But I have not finished my brother’s news. As you may gather, first he writes to condole with me on the death of Colonel Moran.”
Yet since King James’ accession, two of those men had died. The third was discredited. In that, Princess Charis seemed to have a longer reach than anyone might have expected.
“Unlucky? The carriage accident was a misfortune, but we have fallen among friends. The family here could not have been kinder.”
“Sir, I do not understand you. These are stolen lands; they came into my brother’s hands through a cold-blooded act of judicial murder.”
His thoughts swirled like black bats. Even if he had succeeded beyond his wildest dreams, what reward could James of Gondal have offered save only the means to make his fortune by an advantageous marriage? And now, despite the King, such a marriage was being pressed upon him. And what a marriage, now one looked properly at the business. True, Sally was not a woman of family, but in the circumstances he could hardly complain about that. As to the rest – she was well-educated, accomplished, rich, clever (as the contrivances around his ransom proved) and excessively in love with him. A very fine woman, of large fortune, in love with him. He would be a fool to throw away such a gift.
She waved off her aunt and uncle onto their walk, since she had been waiting for days to hear from her family, and craved leisure to enjoy Jane’s account of the doings at Longbourn. The first letter began with an account of trivial parties and engagements, but then came a break, a re-dating of the letter to the next day, and the hand in which Jane had written showed she wrote in haste.
“My pardons for correcting you, sir. You are a brave man, a loyal friend and, I doubt not, a devout priest. But you are not the Bishop of Zalona.”
“Good. I very much hope they will not meet at all.” Mrs Gardiner surveyed the tree-lined walk down which they were promenading. They were alone, but she dropped her voice nonetheless. “I would not say this to anyone but you, Lizzie. I know the match if considered on a material basis was more than eligible, and that Jane’s heart is very much engaged. Nor do I know anything to the discredit of the man himself, or of his friend.”
“I’ll warrant your imagination will barely have scratched the surface of his depravity. But happily, and thanks to her own wit and good judgment (qualities she inherits from you, my dear) as well as Jonathan’s loyalty and ingenuity, here she is back with us unscathed, having inflicted no little injury on the Pretender. What is more, if I read Anthea’s report correctly, I doubt he even knows he has suffered injury at all. Yet. Frances has made herself the very spirit of chaos. How could the Pretender adjust his play to hers, when no-one – not Anthea, not myself, not even my brother – could have predicted her taking a hand at all?”
“Mrs Duplessis trusts you are in health. She asked me specifically to tell you so. But leaving that aside, Molly,
“Well, that’s settled,” Charles said, the sunny good humour of his voice masking the turmoil of his feelings. “I shall despatch Nicolls with the advance party, and ensure all is ready to receive us. We will be there by All Souls’ Eve.”
“There’s no need to borrow trouble. In any event I need you elsewhere. I need you to ride out tonight – take a small escort – and go as hard as you can to the capital.”
He directs the party to the table at the end of the terrace beneath the canopy, and drops into a seat there.
But now hot and strong from Meryton came the news. Netherfield Park was let at last and to a young gentleman of fortune!
From the King’s expression, that sentence would have been better expressed in the past tense. From the officer’s, he knew it. The same might shortly be true of his life. Did he know that too?
He ignored the sounds of the Bishop’s arrival, and went down the backstairs to the securely barred cellars, where Vernon, the clerk, and McAllister were methodically sorting through the loot from the convoy and making notes in a ledger: gold, silver, a fifteenth century bronze Triton, packages of pepper, cinnamon, civet and a waxy lump of ambergris. To one side, as Julian had ordered, were set communion vessels, a monstrance like a great gold sunburst set with rock crystal, and two elaborately bejewelled and enamelled reliquaries, ready to be returned to their owner.
should consider herself the obliged and to repeat these sentiments three or four times, before their uncle re-emerged, dressed in his most aweful robes of state. The officer who followed him, by contrast, bore all-too obviously the marks of recent hard travelling although the Earl’s own valet danced excitably around him with a brush, endeavouring to bat the worst of the dust from his clothes.
Her eyes snapped open, to see Lizzie signalling to a man in sober servant’s garb, a cloak wrapped round head and shoulders (in this weather?) who, more than reasonably, was ignoring her undignified flailings and hurrying about his proper business. She reached up and caught her daughter’s flapping hand.
Mama’s cross-examination of Master Richardson produced the further information that Uncle John had accompanied the Crown Princess on her wedding journey. At which point, completely out of the blue, Papa had flown into what in anyone less phlegmatic would have been a towering passion. In Papa’s case it entailed tight, withdrawn silences, punctuated with bitter philippics about
Lady Catherine entered the room with an air of surpassing ungraciousness, made no other response to Lizzie’s greeting than a slight inclination of the head, and sat down without saying a word.
The Earl grunted and waved them out. They were left together, though, for little more than time enough for Darcy to stumble through the most profound thanks to his cousin for her offer and for her once again to convey, in tones of uncompromising sincerity, that by contrast
He surprised Harriet, though, as he took his departure. Mr Bingley remained in the parlour and the girls, of course remained with him. Clarence had not emerged from his study, though the commotion of the gentlemen’s arrival must have penetrated even to that fastness. Accordingly, the ceremony of leave-taking fell to her. While they were briefly alone in the hall, as the manservant went to order Mr Darcy’s horse brought round, he turned and said, “May I take any message to your cousins, the Gardiners? I do not know when I may get the opportunity to see them, since my engagements in town are not all within my own power, but I would be happy to let them know that you are in health, and to pass on any messages you may have?”
Tears welled up: whether of helplessness, relief or temper she hardly knew or cared. She took a step backwards. Mycroft caught her elbow in a firm grip. Her vision cleared and she gasped at her proximity to the crumbling balustrade.
At that moment there came a commanding rap on the door. With barely enough time for decency, his hostess entered the room followed by a small, stooped man.
Elizabeth sprang from her seat, anxious to follow her uncle and enlist his help as soon as possible. As she reached the door it was opened by a servant, and Mr. Darcy appeared.
“When you announced the ball and requested I wear the betrothal parure for it, I sent orders and received them back from the jewellers on the day of the ball. I saw them myself and handed them to my maid for safekeeping until I changed. I would have put them into my ears had they not been stolen from me. What possible grounds have you for making this accusation?”
His pressure beneath the Bishop’s shoulders directed his steps towards the mule, away from the chaos behind. One of his most trusted men took the mule’s leading rein and swathed a (surely unnecessary) scarf around the Bishop’s eyes. Then he left them to it, mounted his own horse, and sped down diverse country tracks to ensure that, when the Bishop arrived, he would have a fitting welcome.
How he found his cloak and horse, how he got himself off the premises, that he never knew. Giulio was on the road, head down riding into driving rain before he emerged from the dark fog of nightmare even enough to perceive his surroundings.
“You have? I suppose such creatures batten on all of rank and fortune. I must remind my confidential secretary to return any further missives which arrive in that hand. Unopened.”
sleeves. The voluminous ice-blue satin of her ball-gown would have been destroyed, utterly. She let her eyes slide sideways and saw only sympathy and (discreetly veiled) amusement in her family’s eyes.
For one iota in time Harriet saw Clarence open, unguarded, vulnerable. The thousand agonising thoughts that had gone through her own mind when the courier galloped in (two daughters from home, a brother in a hostile land) she saw mirrored in Clarence’s face. Then, abruptly, the shutters came down. It was all she could do not to cry aloud from sheer frustration. It was her own fault, though. Papa had tried to warn her, years ago, when Clarence had gone to him to ask for her hand.
“So you saw the ladies being taken prisoner? They were not –” He had no idea how to phrase this, and goodness only knew how he was going to put it in his report, but of a surety he would be asked. ”They were not offered any insult?"
the heir; there seems little point in running away from the fact, tempting as it may appear.” Clarence’s eyes slid sideways towards the brandy glass and Harriet felt her face colour for reasons wholly unrelated to cosmetics.
Not merely her garnet earrings and the sapphires she had won from Mama at Hallowe’en were tucked into the secret pocket in her stays. Hidden paper crackled as she moved.
“Right, lads, finish up. You’ve got a job to do. The King’s not paying you to stand about drinking.”
Elizabeth affected a disinterested air. “For the first time she has her own home, cows and poultry. Can you wonder she is eager to share her impressions?”
The man on the far side of the desk reached out and stirred the small heap of stones on the desk with his forefinger. Improbably, he smiled.
The little gate led to the kitchen garden which was bounded by a high brick wall. Fortunately one with sufficient crumbled bricks to make climbing it comparatively simple. Once over it, he landed in an orchard and when the orchard ran out it was only a brief sprint across open meadowland, then into the cover of the woods.
The younger woman cowered into the corner, flapped her hands rather feebly above her head, and mouthed, “No.”
Such forwardness: utterly unbecoming in Mrs Collins of Hunsford, but Charlotte had known that if she hesitated she would be utterly tongue-tied, so disconcerting it was to see the first lady of Gondal mere feet away, looking not at all like a lady of quality, but like –
The King uttered his orders: the two to be brought to him at once, severally, no hint dropped as to why; held separate in different rooms until he called them before him; treated with all honour, but left in no doubt as to the serious nature of what was afoot.
Reluctantly, but in justice to his subordinate Colonel Fitzwilliam added, “Strictly between ourselves, I am sure the characters of both the lieutenant and his bride are exactly as you have surmised, but the lady’s family are respectable and for the credit of her sisters a legal match has been patched up. I have met one of the other girls myself, a most accomplished, amusing, genteel young lady, received in the best circles. She assuredly does not deserve her sister’s faults to blight her life. But I digress. What did Mrs Wickham say, and to whom?”
She had not intended to evade Jane, only her other sisters, and on spotting that fair head bent over a bundle of sewing, alone in the smaller front parlour, she stole in and laid a hand on her arm. As Jane lifted her head, Elizabeth put a finger to her lips, then moved to close the door.
Their heads whipped round. From the back of the house, the opposite side from the fire which had drawn all their attention, a masked giant of a man emerged driving Molly’s maid in front of him, her left arm twisted brutally up behind her back.
He spread his hands in a gesture of futility. “For all their strength, they could not prevent her capture and kidnap. But it seems a ransom has now been paid by her family and she is at liberty.”
Aunt Gardiner, usually the most sensitive of women, came into Elizabeth’s room when she was almost on the point of dozing off, bearing a carafe of water sweetened by the addition of cucumber slices, and a plate of caraway biscuits, in case Elizabeth felt hungry in the night. Further, she did not merely leave her offerings and steal away, leaving the invalid in peace, but hovered, so that eventually Elizabeth could not but call out, “Is there something wrong?”
Each contained bonds made out to bearer, drawn on the great financial houses of Amsterdam, Venice and Vienna, all of whom had branches and correspondents in a quarter of the cities of the world, reaching even as far as fabled Batavia and the golden Americas.
“Some months ago, he proposed again. This time, I went to my brother. He declined to give his consent and yet – when I should have felt blessed relief – I had no confidence it was the end of the matter.”
In the here-and-now, Trooper Musgrave crept into the shadow of a huge oak and extended his hand to grasp the landing net, holding it still until the big salmon was flapping in its meshes.
“You know who I am and yet you accuse my brother of having connived with a faction within Gaaldine to unseat her King? And that David was sacrificed to that end?” There was an odd expression on her face: not surprise but a sick relief that someone else had reached a conclusion she had long worried over in secret.
“Francisco! Below, at the double. Come and read your blasted writing; I can’t make out if we’ve got a discrepancy on the manifest or not.”
It had not yet been half a year, but it felt like an age. All that remained was confused impression upon confused impression, filtered through her position as the lowest-ranking member of the party save for the servants, hardly able to call either her time or her preferences her own. Diana had hated the music, she remembered. Those wailing cadences and use of minor keys had set off a spiralling whirl of melancholy within the other girl which had inevitably ended – if it did not begin – in an outburst of violent anger. In the end, it had been easiest to avoid the music altogether.
“I’ve one daughter being married within the hour and maybe another tomorrow. Somehow I didn’t think it would feel like this.” She burst into tears.
“Your arrival must have been very unexpected; we understood from your housekeeper that your party was due to arrive tomorrow, and indeed, in Lambton it was believed your family were all at Lake Elderno and like to remain for some time.”
is something the agent chooses to proclaim wherever he goes. What was it, pray? A third cousin once removed? A great-uncle’s stepmother? Do tell.”
Two hours later, lying amid the dry rocks on the thin, friable soil of the hillside, the sharp scent of sage and thyme rising to his nostrils, his heart thudding loud enough to be heard in the night, and a sour taste in his mouth, Julian thought he should have added rather more to that prayer.
Mrs Gardiner smiled at her cousin. “Harriet, how opportune. I have been regaling Lizzie with tales of the water-sprites and kelpies of the lake-country of north-west Gondal. I hoped to whet her appetite for the place. Mr Gardiner and I propose a tour there in the summer, and, if you can spare her and Lizzie has no dislike for the plan, we should very much like her to make one of the party.”
“A great grey mansion with an ancient walnut tree overhanging the garden gate. Rumour has that it was
? You interest me. But tell me, Giulio, what this man said and did? No, first, describe him. He may be one who has interfered in our affairs before.”
A ragged thought restrained his fist. The Prince, insufferable as he was, had saved his life ten times over that day. And (he glimpsed a tell-tale corner of binding) also saved his Boccacio incunabulum. And his jewels. Holy Virgin, what a weight of obligation to a man he could barely tolerate.
“I used to wonder what it would be like to be crossed in love,” Charis murmured. Neither man paid the slightest attention to her.
“That is not an unnatural surmise,” Colonel Fitzwilliam said, “but it is a lessening of the honour of my cousin’s triumph very sadly.”
In his own chamber a basin and an ewer of steaming water offered him welcome. Laid out on the bed were fresh linen and a frock coat and breeches in damascened black velvet in the latest Court style. He mentally saluted the Gaaldinian prince and his envoy who had brought them. They fitted to a nicety. Wearing them, Julian felt more himself than he had for weeks, armoured against the tense interview ahead.
One was not, of course, supposed to introduce a topic of conversation to the King. With family, however, perhaps some leniency might be permitted. After some stiff moments, Darcy hazarded,
“Ma’am – much to ask, I grant you, but might you do me the inestimable favour of an introduction to your fair companions? We are, as you know, to be quartered here all winter, and our standing orders require us to
Since Molly had arrived at the age of ten, all letters which entered or left Rosings were open to her aunt’s scrutiny. To Aunt Catherine’s mind, her niece’s very thoughts were not her own.
“More like six weeks. Neither my cousin the colonel nor my cousin Darcy are foolish enough to put anything of moment in writing, but one can tell much from the things they choose to withhold, nonetheless. Shortly after I returned to Rosings from Elbe I received letters from them: not from Lake Elderno, as I had expected, but dated from Gondal Town. It can only have been an emergency session of the Council which broke up my uncle’s party, and such a session cannot have been occasioned by the raid on Castle Lestrade; news of that did not spread until a fortnight later.”
“Early enough. What an extraordinarily sensible proposal for the Mezentian Coronet. Its setting must have been hideous when first conceived and time has not been kind to it. But I daresay Mycroft will be boring about permitting your otherwise excellent plan. So, John, what disaster has your niece contrived to embrangle herself in?”
“And I hope she’s eighty, with bad breath and a shrewish temper,” Harriet said aloud. “He’s not yours, anyway, my fine lady, for all your airs and graces.”
Even the few moments when she was able to doze brought evil dreams and left her with a dry, sickly taste in her mouth. Still, insupportable as the journey was, they finally crawled in beneath Northgate Bar. The lawyer, showing none of the ordinary courtesy of a gentleman, was up and out of the coach like a startled rabbit, almost before the wheels had stopped moving.
He smiled. That did it: she had to change the subject once more, or in her fury she would betray herself and Jane together.
Even back then, Harriet had enough self-knowledge to understand she could never have a last-drop-of-blood love for any man. Still, Clarence Duplessis had never struck her as the passionate sort, either. It was his dry wit and reserve, in a Court not noted for either, which had attracted her in the first place. She told herself that she and Clarence Duplessis could easily achieve the sort of easy companionship that Papa described. What she had not expected was for his cool detachment to be applied to their children, even to Lizzie, his favourite. When Jane and Lizzie had had the scarlet fever, Harriet had sat up with them night after night, while Clarence barricaded himself into his library. She had realised then what underlay his coolness. It was fear.
Her uncle wrote that Colonel Forster, to whom he had applied for intelligence, had been unable to provide anything of use. It was certain that Wickham had no near relations living, and he seemed equally bereft of friends, whether within the regiment or those who had known him before. Worse, his finances were truly bad. It appeared he had left gaming debts behind him to a very considerable amount. Colonel Forster believed that more than a thousand thaler would be necessary to clear his expenses at Lake Elderno. He owed a good deal in town, but his debts of honour were still more formidable.
Physician or no physician, they were already fathoms deep in the shit for losing a day, or would be when they got back to barracks. Granted, it was the girl’s fault, she having taken to her bed with a sick headache, but trust the brass not to see it that way and to blame the poor bloody rankers instead. It made proper sense to find a quack to either prove the illness was genuine or expose her as a malingerer (bright lass, if so, Trooper Musgrave conceded, because the healthy air was the air one breathed as far away as possible from one’s superior officers, who in the girl’s case were the King and his creatures, whom they said swarmed like biting ants in Gondal Town and credit to the girl for spotting that.)
The door opened again. Through it came Horatio, bearing the Angrian wine as a wife previously thought barren might have carried her first-born, and a hulking serving man with a tray-load of the best snacks
“Better than I could have hoped. We cannot afford to furnish you with an army, indeed. But we can give you some gold, and, more valuable by far, trusted contacts among the men and the women whom the Pretender has also expropriated. Never overlook the women, they can be most especially vicious in warfare of this kind. I learnt that in Alwentdale. With that help, you can cut supply lines, gather allies, organise ambushes, make your estates a hell on earth for whomever the Pretender awards them to. Your family motto is
She numbered on her fingers as she spoke. “Giulio and Jeanette, my confidential servants. My three cousins. You. Your daughter, and her friend Charlotte. Those two we met in the church.”
He tells the story well, but Darcy has heard it before – read it, indeed, in the words of the same lewd Tuscan to whom Julian had glancingly alluded. The sun is hot, and the bees buzz soporifically over the Pemberley turf. His eyes close. His attention wanders.
“I shall call Miss Duplessis. She will make sure you have all you need within reach and settle you for rest. I assure you, sir, she is the best of nurses. I have seen her work wonders among the cottagers. Then, I shall give orders you are not to be disturbed for the rest of the morning.”
The day was soon coming, Harriet knew, on which she would say farewell to her two most deserving daughters. Further, they would form homes to which she would have no hesitation in sending Kitty and Mary; homes which would give them the benefit of a wider and better-informed society than Meryton had ever been able to provide. Not safe homes – nowhere in Gondal would be safe in the next months, and Harriet was not fool enough to suppose they could be. Still; homes where the master and mistress knew of the oncoming storm, and were preparing for it; unlike Longbourn, whose master had never prepared, only retreated behind a barrage of deflection, blame and badinage.
She took it wordlessly, tucked it into the place in her bodice where the talisman had been and looked up to find her companion gone, faded into the woods as if he had never been. Along the dappled path back to the edge of the lawn, she walked, mind turned inwards upon a river-shore on which David lay, face-up, blossom drifting down to cover his sightless eyes.
The guard commander did not look like a stupid man, and, as Darcy had reminded Mrs Reynolds, answered to the King.
The veiled woman in half-mourning descended from the carriage and walked, stiffly at first, then with more ease as the cramps and knots in her muscles loosened with the exercise, into the inn yard. The air, here, had an upland tang. She knew that if she turned her head to the left she would be able to glimpse the Skogull Ranges, their barren masses rearing against the sky.
“My dear, you mistake matters. Things do not happen like that, not in Gondal, not in these times. Very probably sentence has been carried out already on the two of them, within the confines of the Tower. One of the King’s earliest proclamations was to the effect that persons of rank found guilty of capital crimes would no longer suffer the indignity of public execution.”
Mr Darcy nodded. “A rattlepate of the first water. No commander, either: he was ambushed and captured, leaving his castle wide open to the raiders. Lord Lestrade’s mistress – no-one else was in command by that point – negotiated terms of surrender and safe-conduct and gave earnest of ransom for his lordship himself. Her treaty made, she rode out of the citadel on a white mule with two pack animals carrying her gear – the Holy Virgin herself knows where she went after that – and the reivers fell upon Castle Lestrade. Before word reached any garrison of Gondal, it had been looted and burnt. My cousin is charged – I do not envy him – to see if it may be restored sufficiently to make it a strong point of the Borders once more, and to find its former lord.”
That observation left Elizabeth shaking with rage. She had to rise, take deep breaths and compose herself before she could continue reading. Only once Mr Darcy turned to the topic of Wickham could she recover a portion of her self-command.
Her revelation, whatever it might be, was perforce interrupted: first, by the sounds of a furious battering on the main door and, while the three of them were still dumb-founded, by the Earl’s most trusted secretary entering and, in a low voice, saying, “My lord? There is an officer here, sent by your son in the Borders. Colonel Fitzwilliam is well, be assured of that, but the news the officer brought requires your earliest attention.”
Darcy’s eyebrows went up, unstoppable. “Sir! You ask me to open a State ball with Molly this day week?”
Strain sent Elizabeth into a desperate mood. Her shafts of wit were fired high and with a fevered brilliance that almost frightened her. Her efforts stimulated all around her. Wickham, indeed, went so far as to hint of Court rumours to the effect Mr Darcy was understood to be waiting only for the expiry of the King’s mourning year to pay his addresses in form to his cousin, Miss Hooper.
“Messages came from Gondal today. John’s niece wrote to him; a commonplace enough account of the doings of her and her sisters. But it jogged Charis’s memory, and, in consequence, I learnt two facts about her wedding journey which I had not known before. In addition to her paid attendants, she was to have been accompanied by a high-ranking female companion of her own age. But both girls chosen for that position withdrew; in the second case, on the express order of the King, the day before she had been due to depart. Furthermore, Charis’ journey was then brought forward a day, at the King’s urgent and most secret command. And two days after
“We can guess. You may be aware that his late grace King Mycroft I of Gaaldine left numerous natural children.”
“Why, I rather think he invited himself. He wrote me a little over a month ago. Here, you may read his letter.”
Lady Agnes cowered; the maid’s grasp on her arm almost slipped. "I am sorry if I have displeased you, your grace. No-one said – that is, I did not think anyone – your grace – averse to high play – that is, my husband told me that in your father the Crown Prince’s day –”
The man’s eyes were showing too much white, and the dirty bandage around his head had some fresh blood on it. Still, he struggled to sit up.
prospect of their ending up within my disposition. Tell Miss Elizabeth you approach her as a poor man, and ask for her answer accordingly.”
His eyes widened. “My cousin? I have heard no news of Miss Hooper for some –” He looked as if he were reckoning days in his head. ”When was your youngest daughter’s wedding day? The fifth – no, the sixth of August? I received news that day which took me urgently back to Pemberley. This is my return journey: I broke it at Netherfield in hopes I might find Charles here, but I have not been in Gondal Town for almost a month."
“Leave the King to me.” Her eyes did not leave the giant’s face. “He is my brother and my liege lord and he may command all of us to die for him if he so chooses, but he cannot command me to stand by and watch a woman who has cared for me since childhood murdered before my eyes. And besides, he is not here. Drop the cases, Jeanette. Then let her go, you bastard.”
“Not unless my lady rings. I saw to it there was fruit and sweet cakes and Madeira wine in her chamber myself, and I doubt she’ll ask for more; no more appetite than a bird at the best of times and with a journey behind, another before and a wedding in the middle, she’ll be hard put to keep anything down. I’ve travelled with her long enough to know. No; let the lass have her sleep out. With me, sir.”
Wonder of wonders, the contents of the flask proved to be a brandy so smooth and sophisticated that Julian could have served it to Viscount Exina, with no more comment than perhaps a discreet enquiry as to the name of his victualler.
"Yes; better than I had hoped, thank you. I confide I may see everything concluded by noon tomorrow. Thank you, by the way, for your intelligence in that regard. I almost blundered badly, in a quarter where I –”
While all the other arguments that Lady Catherine deployed had struck her as weak and frivolous, the news that Miss Molly Hooper had surrendered so great a sum as 150,000 thaler from her dowry to ransom Georgiana had been a thunderbolt. Such a singular act of generosity might be supposed to deserve an equally singular response. Lady Catherine had waxed eloquent on the probable damage to her nephew’s public credit were he known to have jilted (as she termed it) her adopted daughter in such circumstances. As Elizabeth knew the horror Mr Darcy had of exposing his inner self to the world’s scrutiny, in approaching him in this manner Lady Catherine must be approaching him on his weakest side.
Charlotte thought it an instant before Lydia said it aloud. At which the rest of the short walk was occupied with Jane and Lizzie’s loud condemnations of Lydia for saying something so unthinkable, their assurances to Charlotte that their sister was far too young to mean or even to understand what she had said, and Lydia’s noisy rebuttal of both propositions.
The nearest of her bargemen, notable for his height even among that well-built team, seemed suddenly overcome with a coughing fit. Mr Darcy ignored him, and, before himself sitting down amid the velvet cushions, signalled a servitor to hand his cousin chilled melon, ratafia and peaches with preserved ginger.
He chose to examine Lady Agnes Traquair first. The terror of being brought into the royal presence had almost overwhelmed her; she trembled at the knees and had to be discreetly held upright by one of the Palace maids. Terror had blanched her face to a greyish-chalk; no-one would have believed her not yet twenty.
He stopped his descent and turned to face her fully. His hand gripped the neglected oak of the bannister so hard his knuckles were white, though his tone was that of light banter.
It was hard to respond to such an opening. She did her best. “I aspire to become a natural philosopher. I hope – I hope Aristotle would have approved my methods.”
No-one who had subjected him to the humiliation of capture would be forgiven. Nor those who had failed him and fled when the field was all but won, when it needed but one more push forward to victory. Nor the louse-ridden sons of whores who had burnt and despoiled his lands, entrapped him most despicably and borne him away to who-knew-where, his eyes covered.
to a new Queen hypothetically seating herself into uneasy power amid the aristocracy of Gondal access to the ledgers of jewellers who offered such a discreet service would be.)
alone, to say nothing of the lives lost. Uncle, you know the Northern hunting lodge. It can be no exaggeration that in an assault where it was defended by a determined force we would suffer casualties in hundreds or thousands, while the defenders spent them in tens or dozens.”
For a second, Giulio let resentment swirl up into his mind. Why had Miss Hooper allowed that grizzled veteran an audience? More to the point, what had they discussed, in that long convocation from which he had been excluded? What of it dare he mention in the current discussion – and, assuming there could have been other eyes at the villa (one could never rule that out; he had wondered even about Jeanette, from time to time) what dare he leave out?
“I did not say that. Yes, it is the kind of thing he might do, for me. But I would not ask it. Tell me, Miss Duplessis, I understand there has been a regiment quartered on Meryton these five months. How has the town coped?”
She sighed. “The ones I’ve come across so far all seem to be bent on provisioning their own pockets.”
Giulio’s haste to obey caused him to trip on a rug; he saved himself from going flying but felt cold eyes boring into his back, nonetheless. He stammered out an apology, and opened the door.
The groom nodded, and moved off to the far end of the stable-block, leaving Charles and Darcy alone.
Twenty years of marriage had taught her to catch the meaningful emphasis Clarence put on the word ‘daughters’: everyone else, including the oh-so-vauntedly brilliant Lizzie, would have missed it.
Darcy’s voice shook a little, and small wonder. The Crown Prince of Gondal, dead these thirty years, had been by repute a monster. Who could say what truths underlying the lurid legends were known to the Royal family and their connexions? Charles’ wealth had gained him the entrée into polite society but the higher reaches of Court still eluded him, much to Caroline’s frustration.
“You’d counted on that, I take it? If that’s your cousin the colonel, ma’am, he’s got a better tactical brain than many I’ve come across holding that rank.”
) was standing in front of her, faultlessly dressed, and – her brain caught up with her – asking her to dance.
“That, my lord, is why my lady has been driven to pawn her jewels. She could speak to her man of business and ask him to put her in funds to cover her losses but she is terrified he might tell you and you would judge her. But I swear, my lord, that she is only doing this because she has no other outlet. She worries over her cousin Georgiana, she truly does. She tries to focus on her needlework, but work so fine cannot be practised for more than a few hours a day and after her eyes and fingers give out she has nothing to do
“Unthinkable”. What an odd word. Clearly they had all thought of it, even if three out of four had rejected it out of hand.
“So, then, you have four cousins on your father’s side, his grace the King being the eldest and Mr Darcy’s sister Georgiana the youngest? How does she get on? She will I collect be rising sixteen? It can be an awkward age and I don’t doubt, if she has the true Darcy spirit, she may like to have her own way.”
The heat in his voice made clear, as if there had ever been any doubt, the direction in which Darcy’s thoughts were tending. Of course. Georgiana’s prospective marriage would have stirred the murk at the bottom of that particular pond, if anything could.
"As what? A wandering fiddler and his personal falconer could hardly hope to pass unremarked, even in the Borders. John; I’m a wanted man. Also, Adair needs someone to stand between him and his uncle for a week or two, while he mourns his dead, detects and distracts those sent by the Pretender to find out what’s become of Moran, and strengthens those weaknesses in the castle’s defences which we must suppose have been faithfully reported back to Gondal. Given the proclamation nailed to every church door in the land, can I be that man? You’re clean. You may have set out to find me – whether to plead with me to return to endure my brother’s chastisement or for any other purpose being left as an exercise for the King’s examiners and no-one else – but, since you failed, no blame can possibly smirch you. You can even go back to Court –”
“Did he say that, indeed? He seems a man whose opinion is worth having. So what did he think about Miss Duplessis?”
Their uncle gasped again. "My dear Molly, you cannot impoverish yourself so. Stripping yourself of your dowry –”
What a triumph for him, she often thought, could he know that the proposals which she had proudly spurned only four months ago, would now have been most gladly and gratefully received. Why only now could she understand he was exactly the man who would most suit her? And why, after giving her mercifully little trouble about Mr Darcy when he had been living less than a league and a half away, had Mama now got this bee into her bonnet about match-making him to her?
She rapped Elizabeth’s knuckles smartly, to bring home the message. It stung, but Elizabeth – more shocked than she cared to admit by Mama’s near collapse in the hot lane, and, worse, by the flicker of recognition in Giulio’s eyes then his abruptly blank countenance before he turned away down the hill – made no retort. She stood a pace behind Mama, focussing on the slight, elegant figure at the far end of the parlour into which the servant had ushered them.
Molly nodded, impatient to be off and about packing – but then, surely a woman suddenly come into the possession of a massive dowry must be in want of an entire new wardrobe? How many fields could be reaped while a fashionable lady hummed and hawed about this or that trimming on a mantua? A slow smile began to spread across her face; she dropped a formal curtsey to the Crown Prince.
The tall sides of the ship cast welcome shade over the quay. Close to, one could see how much in need of touching up was the white, brown, blue and pink paint on the ship’s figurehead, and how cracked and thin the gilding which picked out the ship’s name and port of origin on the stern-boards. The
“Sir, let us please acknowledge one thing, here and now. Whatever anyone says, whatever even his grace the
“Nonetheless,” he warned, “even if Georgiana can be retrieved without it costing the public purse a cent or risking a single drop of blood, there is still going to be a war party we need to disarm. And how?”
? Are you mad? The King will have spies in every seaport, and our descriptions posted to every last one of them.”
“You cannot possibly think of sending Frances. That would set the seal on the Court’s gossip. What else could they think but that she had been sent to some secluded part of the country to bear a bastard child?”
this included the Netherfield party. Harriet flattered herself that with a little judicious pushing and prodding Jane had done enough to captivate Mr Bingley. Indeed, tonight’s ball, the first in Meryton since the King’s death, might with only a
Julian nods. “It is said that each family of rank has its own flower code, so that they may pass messages in bowls of tulips and suchlike.”
Harriet considered asking him to stay to dine, but recalled in time Mrs Hill’s gloomy prognostications on the state of the Longbourn larder that very morning. Instead, she pressed an invitation for two days hence upon their visitor, and was gratified by his instant acceptance.
minded to be accommodating? Her mention of attending events at Mr Darcy’s house had been cool and cousinly, with nothing about it to suggest more than family affection subsisted between them. Perhaps, though, she had set her hopes on another, and been told – whether by aunt, brother or both – that it must not be. A romantic disappointment might also account for the collapse in Miss Hooper’s health. Elizabeth had not the medical skills of her uncle or even of her mother, but certainly it seemed probable that there was a strong nervous element to her condition.
The excellence of the local roads carried the burden of conversation for the remainder of the visit.
walk around the district so you can show me your favourite places but with our engagements at Rosings it has been hard to find the time. Perhaps we should do so tomorrow.”
. Nor had he any good intelligence to share with his master. Since her arrival in Gondal Town Miss Hooper had done nothing noteworthy. She had flitted between mantua-makers, milliners, embroiderers and jewellers like a moth caught between multiple lights. Such frivolity seemed out of character, but, as Jeanette pointed out while the rest of the staff sighed their sympathetic agreement, little Miss Hooper had been a poor orphan since the age of ten. Who could blame her for revelling in being all at once the richest heiress in Gondal? No doubt she would settle, once the novelty wore off.
“Indeed?” If this were flattery, Elizabeth found she could endure it with surprising fortitude. “Why so?”
“I could never suppose any of the Malhams – not his Grace, nor Crispian, nor Julian turned traitor. A king who could think them so would be a king most sorely misled. Or –” Georgiana paused and took a deep, shuddering breath. ”Or a king given over to evil."
Would it be prudent, though? One did not have to pay too much attention to the wilder stories circulating about the new King to hesitate to enter into a correspondence with someone deep in Gaaldine court circles, even a close blood relative.
A full glass was at her right hand, though she had not seen the servitor. The chill, delicate white wine came as a relief, more so because she might bury her face in the glass, to defer giving a response.
“I think,” Darcy said, drawing his rank around him like a cloak, “you should be more circumspect when speaking of a loyal officer of my cousin, the King.”
What followed that confession was all she could have hoped for in her wildest dreams. He frankly confessed he had intervened in Lydia’s matter for Elizabeth’s sake and that alone; he confessed that his own feelings from the spring were unchanged, but undertook to stay silent on the matter forever is she did not return those feelings.
There was a faint light glowing over to the left of the house. He concentrated on it until he could make out that it was the dying embers of a brazier on the terrace. There were no other lights; the house must be shuttered, locked up for the night.
It was pleasant, too, in the shade of the trees, even at his conscientious jogging pace. The river was at its widest here; peat brown, spreading across broad reaches, caressing pebbled shores, rushing over shoals and rocks. Birds sang above him.
However, soon Mrs Gardiner’s exhaustion caused her to need to lean more heavily on her husband, and conversation flagged. Mr Darcy stepped forward and offered Elizabeth his own arm. Her uncle waved the two of them forward down the path, giving his wife the temporary relief of a short rest sitting on a fallen log. Now, then, was Elizabeth’s opportunity to clear up any misunderstandings with Mr Darcy.
note in a man’s voice normally portended that his relationship with the speaker was about to change, irrevocably. Still, no point in postponing it.
They found Miss Darcy in a parlour on the ground floor, accompanied by Miss Bingley and an older lady, introduced as Mrs Annesley, who acted as Miss Darcy’s companion and chaperone. The room’s north-facing aspect and windows opening to the ground made it delightful to sit in on a summer’s day, especially given the refreshing view of high, woody hills.
“That might be the merest chance.” Frances did not believe it but, as a natural philosopher, she felt it must be said. The Crown Prince flicked a finger for more drinks and leant forwards.
The tall, fair man who walked in did not even acknowledge Giulio’s presence. He strode straight to the desk, bowed very low, then lent over the desk so he could whisper into the other man’s ear.
The thing had lain hidden up in the Rosings attics for years; why should it feel like tearing off part of herself to hand it over? It had been given her to use, and now, at the most dangerous moment of her life, it had fulfilled its purpose.
That made sense, when one came to think about it, but she struggled to cope with the quick facility with which Jonathan understood brothel economics. What
The whole plan unrolled, like a chess problem coming out. “He will gather all his close relatives together. We must be my brother’s hostages lest we become those of his rivals: Gaaldine’s, or some faction within Gondal itself. I wish I could warn Georgiana.”
cosy together. How few family get-togethers I have the time to indulge in these days and what a luxury they are when I may. Wine, Geoffrey, of course; cooled white wine, and some of those delightful little orange-water biscuits.”
family. However, nothing in that lady’s demeanour since the party’s arrival at Rosings suggested levity on any subject, least of all her great connections, would be either welcome or understood.
By the red moon’s malignant light the winding panorama of the road below was laid out clearly as Papa’s map. From this height it was as if one could see in time as well as in distance: the trap unfolding as he watched, each part of its intricate workmanship rendered transparent. See, there, on the far side of the gorge where a party of coaches, shrunk to the size of beetles at this distance, were emerging from round another fold of the hills.
“I think I owe you an apology. Though, to say, truth, my family were always much happier that I should display myself at the harpsichord than, for my own part, I would have chosen. Nonetheless, for my part in it, I am truly sorry for what I inflicted on you in my youth.”
“It is indeed about language I wished to speak to you. I prefer you to speak English, for preference, or – at a pinch – French when you and my wife talk together. Could you oblige me in this?”
That was safe. Whatever their rank in life, families were always keen to get surplus daughters off their hands.
“Pooh, pooh, Caroline. Good, solid, Gondalian craftsmanship. A little heavy, maybe, but with beeswax and new draperies it will look quite the thing, and we can always bring sophas and cabinets from the city to freshen the place up a little. With your harpsichord in the corner of the principal withdrawing room it will be as cosy as anywhere in the three kingdoms.”
Their hostess had been wrapped in thought throughout luncheon, responding but slightly to Elizabeth’s attempts at conversation. It was only once the servants had cleared away that she bestirred herself.
Harriet left Lizzie by the west door of the Cathedral of SS Geraldine and Augusta, giving her the kind of loud, fussy instructions as to what to see and when she should rejoin her at their lodgings which any mama might offer when allowing her daughter a morning’s freedom to see the capital’s sights while she herself attended to her devotions.
Caroline leant yet further forwards. “Then, Charles, it is clear. You will have to look elsewhere for your country retreat. You cannot live somewhere where Mr Darcy is not first among your guests, yet how could you expect him to visit a place with such painful associations? The matter is settled, Mr Darcy. The idea of Netherfield Park is quite given up.”
“There is a brooding quality in her work; her landscapes breathe tragedy. It is superbly done, but I confess I was born under Thalia’s influence, not Melpomene’s. Your sketches bring balm to the spirit, and that is no small gift.”
Lyddie, he was pleased to see, seemed almost taken aback by this attempt to drag her back to a past which, like himself, she was already sloughing off.
Darcy glanced down at the paper. “I gather the various soldiers captured with my sister are to be released as proof of good faith against the advance payment of ten per cent of the ransom. That is all he offers. But we need to consider Peter Brenzaida’s testimony.”
“Miss Duplessis, how are you feeling? Your cousin told me you were unwell, and I could not rest without finding whether you were feeling better.”
The Countess glared at Arabella, but picked up her skirts and headed to the door, casting a glance both ways down the passageway. So far the fire seemed to be confined to the west wing, far from where they were, but who knew what might happen if the wind changed? And Lady Linton, who was very old, very large and convinced that they were still in the reign of Ambrosine XV, would be a formidably difficult person to have carried out even were it honourable to order footmen back into a burning building to do it.
“My child, I see from your face that you have stumbled and lie in sore peril. But even at the gates of Hell there is still a path to Heaven, if you but have the courage to turn from your evil courses, and climb it.”
Mr Darcy merely meant to contrast Elizabeth (and, perhaps, Charlotte) with Lady Catherine de Bourgh. The reflection stung, notwithstanding. Oblivious, Mr Darcy continued his account.
She rose and changed into the wide-sleeved linen shirt, full-skirted coat and fine broadcloth breeches which were concealed in her portmanteau. The smooth feel of the breeches against her legs felt at once odd and curiously familiar, like coming home after long absence.
“Sit down, my dear. No, here, under the canopy, in the shade. My pardon for my flippancy. But, truly, Jonathan is completely my brother’s man and the loyalty runs deeper than I can fathom, in both directions.”
“It seems Mrs Collins is invited in the character of Lizzie’s chaperone. Is that better, one wonders, than being invited in her own right?”
He sneered openly at her. “I have no wish of denying that I did everything in my power to separate my friend from your sister, or that I rejoice in my success. Towards him I have been kinder than towards myself.”
Pointedly, she made a business of welcoming Bingley back into the family home with an effusive display which might not have been inappropriate for a close kinsman, returned after a decade-long trip to the Indies. Her greeting to Mr Darcy was, by contrast, marked by cold and ceremonious politeness, and returned in kind.
The Gaaldinian permitted himself a devil-grimace, like those one saw carved on rood-screens in back-country churches.
She could not help herself. “Somewhat, thank you. Solitude and quiet have proved sovereign remedies against my headache.”
“The King should not do this. It is wrong. It is an insult to Sir Vernon Hooper. It forces Miss Hooper to appear to honour her mother’s first husband over her own father. It is
“The King’s justice? Perhaps you sense justice would be better served had we a Queen on the throne?”
Ever since that awful morning he had wakened late, the previous night sour on his furred tongue, to find Charis and that appalling animal of hers gone he had been caught in the jaws of a steel trap. Why could Sally, whose wit had been almost more of an attraction than her beauty, not see that simple truth?
Elizabeth nodded. “Indeed, ma’am. But what is to be done? The road forms the boundary between the Longs’ estate and the Gouldings’ and neither of them will give up an iota of land to straighten it.”
Harriet fumed internally. Jane was in such looks tonight, and spirits, too. If his Grace Ambrosine XVII had only had the fortitude to stay alive for two months longer, tonight Jane would have been have been gracing the Longbourn Assembly. The sapphires would have been sparkling at her ears, reflecting and enhancing the peerless blue of her eyes. Most importantly, the new tenant of Netherfield Park would have been there. He must have been: the All Souls Eve ball was the highlight of the district’s autumn season. All their hopes could have already been on the high road to fulfilment. If only King Ambrosine had lived another two months.
The chapel’s air was laden with stale incense, snuffed candles and a chill, mouldy reek, as of grave-clothes. For a moment, Harriet thought Mr Darcy might be physically sick.
“Nothing is certain. Perhaps Gaaldine is at the back of it, but nothing on the surface shows it. The Borders, you know, are apt to erupt without warning, and many in those parts are loyal to the Princess, even without overt instigation.”
Colonel Fitzwilliam’s face had that calculating expression again. “Rumour runs wild. I expect to hear more when we reach Gondal Town. What all the witnesses attest to, however, is that a man and a boy of about the right ages met on the bridge, had a few minutes conversation, and then both went over the parapet, and have not been seen since, either alive or dead.”
She picked up the little brass bell on the table beside her and rang it, hoping her wolfish thoughts were not visible behind her smile.
“It would seem indeed no-one has been idle and we are vastly in your debt.” He gestured at the vase. “Also, on a personal note, I greatly appreciated that touch.”
His cousin, having had days or weeks to reach the same conclusion, gave a small, acknowledging grunt.
Only the owl’s monotonous note broke the silence that followed. When the Bishop spoke again, it seemed to Julian half an age had gone by and they were only now awakening out of a trance. The Bishop’s voice, too, had a lilting quality, like a man who tells over a dream he wonders might be a revelation.
"Thank you. I am more grateful than I can say for your care of me, and that of your people. I cannot quite recall, but I think I escaped two days ago –”
“In that case, I wonder if you might take this letter and see it safe on a boat for Gaaldine?” She extended the letter, together with a small purse whose contents she thought should cover all relevant expenses, with a little over for compliments.
She tilted her head, considering. “My suitor did not seem as cast down as I’d expected. And I sometimes felt – no, I sometimes
Elizabeth’s spirits lifted and she could see Charlotte’s do likewise. After the close confines of Hunsford and, for all its spacious grounds, Rosings itself, such freedom was intoxicating.
“Until several companies of soldiery turned up out of nowhere and started beating the downstream river banks, on both sides. That at once took the matter out of the sphere of local feud and, whether by accident or by design on the part of one or more of the factions whose interest must have been bound up in procuring such a meeting, sufficient information was dropped for the local people to get a pretty clear idea of who the parties must have been.”
“I can.” His voice was firm. “With funds which I am readily able to liquidate, together with the funds I can – as you point out – raise by mortgaging Pemberley I can pay a quarter of a million thaler on the appointed day. Better still, should I let Pemberley, I shall be able to live in modest style while repaying the mortgage. But in addition, by adopting some respectable calling, I should be able to discharge my obligations so much the sooner. I have friends in Gondal Town whose advice on my next steps in that direction I expect to find invaluable.”
“Do they have one, this far out in the wilderness?” Trooper Ferris, who had been forced to enlist following what he genteelly referred to as “unfortunate confusion” surrounding the accounts of a bookseller in Gondal Town, had adopted an impossibly refined urbanity as the only way for him to survive in the army. Trooper Musgrave found Ferris amusing, informative and generally harmless, but avoided engaging in games of chance where he was a participant.
“Well, move it,” the bravo growled into his left ear. “Milady wants to hear what you’re up to from your own mouth, and you can’t expect her to strain her ears, or have you bellowing at her.”
“Indeed. My party arrived in time to save Charis, but too late for her attendant ladies, and a number of her arms-men. Until earlier today, I believed my delay in setting out was due to the treachery of a single man – Anderson – himself killed in the raid and subsequently found to have been in treasonable correspondence with agents for the Pretender of Gondal.”
“Many unaccustomed things become the fashion,” Darcy said. “And many good old customs fall into disuse. Including, it would seem, the right of a maiden to say ‘No’ to an uncongenial match.”
True: he had no positive knowledge that the King intended his cousin harm. Given the threat of war on all sides, and the severance of the Great North Road a few leagues to the north, small wonder if his Grace might prefer the most vulnerable members of his family to be under his own eye.
Several of the more impressionable among Julian’s men dropped to their knees. The tall man crossed himself, then raised his hand in blessing.
Dawn light bathed the hills on the further side of the valley, though darkness still wrapped the sleeping village below. In the grove of pines just below the western crest of the ridge, a man rose to his feet. From the tree stump to which she had been tethered a mantled falcon rose likewise, agitated almost to baiting. He strode closer, letting her fly to his gauntleted wrist, gentling the feathers behind her head and chirping falconer’s nonsense at her in a soothing monotone.
“I had surmised as much, sir. We have done our best for accommodations; I trust his Grace the King will have no cause to complain of our treatment of his men. Furthermore, I have had the estate workers and our tenants gather reports and it seems best that part of your escort should be sent first to examine the area where the ambush occurred – given its weight and size, I do not think the Darcy state carriage can have been taken far from that point.”
Jeanette signalled an under-maid to take the dinner gown away for attention, leaving them briefly alone. Their eyes met.
“Oh.” She sank down on a bench and, completely unexpectedly, dropped her head in her hands and burst into tears. In all truth, it was the most minor of disappointments, but for that eternal moment it felt
Elizabeth giggled. “I believe he would have refused it on principle. He would have you know he is a deeply religious man, sir, and scorns anything with the taint of the heathen.
“You think I – that we – that the Crown Prince – that were I to be with child, it would be the Crown Prince gossip would name as the father?”
Frances cursed under her breath. Over their three-day voyage from Gaaldine, she had concluded that Arthur’s facility for grasping the wrong end of the stick was equalled only by the enthusiasm with which he shared his conclusions with all and sundry. Nevertheless, the artist could learn a lot from his flood of conversation, if she only had skill and patience to sift out the flotsam it had gathered in the kinks and bends of Arthur’s understanding.
His eyes slid sideways to take in the brandy glass as he spoke, and there was the faintest of edges on the word “advanced”. She felt the tips of her ears go red. Defiantly, she picked up the glass and took a substantial swallow.
“Consider me delighted that I didn’t. I did hear Ensign Denny exercise his so-called wit on our cousin’s introducing himself to Mr Darcy and talking endlessly about
her jewels and the six crates containing her dower plate, the most generous gift on the occasion of Georgiana’s christening from Sir Lewis and Lady Catherine de Bourgh and sufficient to dine a party of thirty-six.
She raised her hand again. “Your grace. I fear that interested parties may have practised upon us both, in order to drive a wedge between those whom blood should make the closest of allies. Please. Believe me. I have two witnesses to my innocence. Neither – I see – is present. May I ask your grace to have them brought before you and hear their testimony?”
we do? I do not even dare send a message to my cousins, for who can I choose as the messenger? If Giulio is false, who can we trust?”
Even by the uncertain light he could see in the Bishop’s face the wound had gone deeper than he had intended. He extended his hand.
He gestured towards the table, which bore a sword (plain, but with a first-class blade) a clumsy pistol, and a wicked little Italian-made poniard.
your attitude is protective, almost paternal, suggesting that the writer is young: someone for whom you both feel the responsibility of a close relative and in whose own parents you place little confidence.
One of the paint brushes had been resting on the easel. Molly picked it up, reversing it so its end formed a pointer. With it she drew rapid lines in the dust.
The Crown Prince shrugged. “Words, only. My wife’s safety depends on my taking all necessary steps for her protection, will-I, nil-I. This attack is aimed at Charis. We need to turn it back on itself. I can imitate John’s hand with a facility which would astound you. But I need to sound plausible when writing. And I need to somehow tease out anything John’s niece knows of X. Will you give me assurance of your aid?”
Prompt to its hour, the coach rolled up to the inn. Though its outside was full, there were only two passengers inside the coach when Elizabeth boarded: a fastidious young lawyer, his nose in a book and an old woman (so Elizabeth surmised) who was slumped in a corner seat, as well wrapped as Elizabeth and a linen square over her face. Stertorous snores rose from her: small surprise, since as Elizabeth stumbled over her out-flung leg on her way to the opposite seat she breathed in the aroma of stale brandy. The lawyer tutted, and turned over another page, the coachman called up his horses, the great wheels rolled and they were off.
Heads turned all through the room. Though Julian made ferocious gestures at his inquisitive people, he was not displeased.
Surely the unknown gentleman could not but choose Jane; so good, so accomplished, so beautiful, so effortlessly a daughter of the old gentry of Gondal with all the natural advantages Harriet Duplessis, once Harriet Watson, daughter of a
Their flight from Zalona, the stranger leading the way at a pace which made Julian wonder if his heart would crack (but no, not yet; when he had leisure to think of Papa and Crispian, yes, then) faded to a blur. Odd images shimmered up out of the whole confused mess. The chimney stacks rising like sea-cliffs out of the murk. Crossing the crowded market-place: the heart-stopping moment a member of the city watch had turned his head, apparently taking a second look at them, and that overwhelming, knees-sagging relief when Julian realised it was a coquettish farm-girl, clearly in town to offer more than pullets, who had arrested the watchman’s attention. Lying for what seemed like hours on the chill, damp ground under the overhang of a willow-shadowed river bank. Dodging through copses and spinneys, wading along culverts in case their pursuers elected to use scent-hounds. Paddling a half-rotten, semi-waterlogged punt across the River Zalon leagues below the city, where it flowed, wide and sluggish, through dense banks of reeds, alive with ducks and even more alive with mosquitos.
Miss Hooper’s slight smile broadened. “And for what other reason, soldier, did I capture her away from her family, and steal her away to the seaside?”
That reminder helped, just a little. It was impossible to imagine anyone standing against the King, but then it had been impossible, a year and a half ago, to imagine that she would ever emerge from the fog of grief and guilt which had engulfed her once news drifted back to Gondal of the ambush of the Princess’ party and the horrific fate of her ladies.
He spat, eloquently, and Julian repressed a shudder. The McAllister women were, indeed, something to shudder at: granite-faced farming women, who could butcher a sheep or pig in less than half a turn, desire for revenge for their murdered sister burning like molten copper in their veins.
For a moment, Harriet seemed unable to take in what the butler was telling her. A carriage losing a wheel, right at the bottom of the lane? The new tenant of Netherfield, his sister, and a friend of great estate, stranded three miles from their objective and asking for the hospitality of Longbourn? Then her fogged mind cleared.
Peter drew himself up straight. “We dare not lose another day, and yet the sergeant is visibly unfit to travel. Vaughan, consider this a brevet promotion to acting-sergeant.”
“True, sir, but it was the nearest place from which an honour guard of adequate size could be mustered.”
“Are you quite sure of that?” The lady’s tone, gentle as it was, held a sardonic note reminiscent of the Crown Prince’s.
Despite herself, Charlotte cast a sideways glance towards the way stone. The barmaid’s head had sunk into her hands, the bored ensign had found duties elsewhere and the landlord was patting her uneasily on the shoulder, with the expression of a man who would rather be
Her companion interrupted. “If you do not, the Pretender will read it as defiance. And you know in your heart you have to agree to go to Gondal Town, because – forgive me – you are equally aware that if you do not enter the Palace on your own two feet you will be brought there anyway and by a different entrance.”
Mrs Annesley’s face was puzzled. “But sir, Miss Georgiana has retired to her room with one of her sick headaches. Did no-one tell you? They are short-lived, thanks to the Virgin, but she cannot possibly move while in the grip of one of them. She must lie very still in an absolutely dark room, poor lamb, with wet cloth over her eyes, and sip camomile tea. Perhaps this time tomorrow we might think of her being well enough to travel, but certainly not today.”
The stranger – barely affected, it seemed, by the hardships of the day – tended a carefully banked fire, and contrived something between a stew and a soup from strips of dried meat, green onions and river water, with hard bread crumbled in. When passed a mug, Julian shook his head but, under the stranger’s glare, he assayed a sip and, after the first mouthful, found he was ravenous, and finished it.
Jonathan exhaled, bit his lip against the renewed pain in the shoulder, now joined by a chorus of complaint from his cramped hams, and cleared his throat.
procedure? It leads one to wonder how many of the famous jewels of Gondalian high society cannot bear daylight and have to be brought out, if at all, by candlelight.”
“–Was in the days of Crown Prince Gerald,” Darcy concluded. “Traquair stood to the Crown Prince then as Moran stands now to his son. Now do you see?”
Darcy pursed his lips and jerked his head towards his groom. “Brock, I’ve a concern about Sultan’s off-fore. Pray take a look. There seems to be a tenderness there, from how he was standing.”
“Our uncle Gardiner has written. I took liberty of opening it, as you were sleeping, but you should read his news.”
Their hostess’ dark dress had a finish Meryton society had never seen. The dark hair beneath her impeccable lace cap only looked the more perfect for its touch of frost.
“That, I can understand. But let me tell you what else I know of James Moriarty. If your mind is pliable at present, this may set your opinion for you.”
He eyed the men, who seemed to be in good, though not dangerously elevated, spirits. The sergeant, seeing the direction of his scrutiny, stood straight and clapped his hands.
“Quite so, sir. The wife of the head of the War Office. If the whole camp isn’t currently buzzing with rumours that the head of the War Office has allowed his wife to gamble away the soldiers’ pay and that the gallant Colonel Abruzzi’s widow has stepped up to return as much as she can by the most discreet means she could contrive, then I don’t know soldiers.”
“So, Lizzie, tell. How did it feel to dance with the great Mr Darcy, who, it seems, is so very close to the Crown?”
What passed for conversation at the supper to which they eventually sat down continued this pattern. Charlotte spoke very little, except to press upon her guests some delicacy or other from the well-spread table. Her father and husband talked of public affairs, or rather, Mr Collins parroted his patron’s opinions and Sir William exclaimed, “How true! How penetrating! How profound!” at appropriate intervals. Maria, plainly still feeling the effects of travelling, ate little and said less. It was a relief when Charlotte showed them upstairs to the guest chamber and Elizabeth could finally close her eyes and shut out the multiple trivial annoyances of the day.
