“I don’t like it.” the Shadow responded. It hated the idea of Jack having domain in the Empty. It had gone eons without Chuck’s interference with its routine and it wasn’t inclined to let anything like that start.
“Dean. It can’t get any weirder than watching an ancient cosmic light walking around in my dead dad’s corpse every day. Seriously though, I know you want to be happy. That right there,” she pointed at Eileen and Sam while speaking. “that’s happy and I know that is what you want. I know who you want it with too. You can’t hide it from me and you sure as hell can’t hide it from anyone else. You might not have admitted it to yourself yet, but you two are each other’s happiness, I mean, you already are his so who’s to say you can’t have what they do?”
“Of course. What are you listening to?” Castiel had just noticed Jack’s phone was settled on one of his pillows and was softly playing music he had never heard before.
“You’re right Jack. Something is bothering me. That’s why I am here. Playing games with you always makes me feel better when I am upset.” Castiel forced a smile when he closed the box and looked at his son but a genuine smile spread across his face when Jack tilted his head in concern.
As he chopped safe from his brother’s view, Dean finally let the tears fall. They came in sharp burning rivulets that dug into the collar of his shirt as they streamed down his neck.
Castiel felt a pang in his chest. He knew there was always a chance they couldn’t work things out between them. After a few days of desperately needed space, he had returned to the bunker and he and Dean talked a bit to say their apologies. They “hugged it out” as Dean put it but things still weren’t the way they were before Castiel sacrificed himself. Because of this, the angel decided that it was best to lie to Jack this time.
I guess it just reminded me that there can be more to it all than just gunfire and crappy motels. I just never had a shot at it but then Cas insisted on bringing you home. When he died, I couldn’t bring myself to leave you behind. He was just so certain you would be good for the world.
Eileen forced a smile that she hoped looked genuine and took a picture of the symbol behind the woman’s ear before returning the body to its locked cooler for embalming.
Hello Lovelies! I am so excited for the big finale that I can hardly take it! With only eight more chapters to go, I'm starting to really reflect on this journey as a whole. I started writing in March this year and after nearly five months of work, this chapter of my life is starting to come to a close. Of course, none of it would have been possible without your amazing support this far. Because of this, I wanted to dedicate this chapter to all of you and your amazing support of me, my ambitions, and my dreams. Just like our Team Free Will supports each other, you have supported me and have helped me accomplish something I could hardly have dreamed of just a few months ago.
If his cheeks were not burning already, Dean’s face was lit to a fiery inferno. Both his and the angel’s eyes went wide in shock, and yet the man could not bring himself to pull away. Instead, he completed the action and left a kiss, a real one, not just a sad excuse for a graze, on Castiel’s cheek before pulling back to look the angel in the eyes.
Castiel laughed and took a seat on the hood next to Dean. “I must have forgotten to mention, I brought coffee.”
He said I was caring and selfless...and loving. He said all this crap about me doing everything I do out of love and that I made him care. He said that he cared about the world because of me. That’s when I realized he was saying goodbye. It took me a while but I realized he was gonna summon the Empty but I just couldn’t figure out how.”
“Dean, is that really you?” Castiel’s coat was soaked with his tears now as he leaned forward and moved away from the wall he had backed himself against.
It would be so sunny and full of life and it would be perfect for Castiel. Dean would appreciate the zen feeling of the area and would carefully sit in the grass while rocking an alert and babbling Jack as he spread the ashes in the flowers and blackberries around them.
Be sure to leave comments with recommendations for future chapters! New chapters come every Tuesday and Thursday!
“I assume you are asking about our previous conversation. We are “working things out” as you put it.” the angel gestured with his finger quotes as he spoke. “But I assume that my relationship with Dean is not the reason you summoned me.”
The duo jumped in surprise at the flash. Their bodies were wracked in involuntary rounds of laughter at the event and Dean felt something happen that he had not felt in ages: he allowed his guard to fall. As the well-built walls around his heart came crashing down, so did he, and his forehead met the angel’s shoulder as they joked and doubled over. He could even feel the cotton Hawaiian shirt underneath him dampening with his hysterical tears and it only caused him to feel even more comfortable and giddy with the carefree happiness he so rarely felt anymore.
“Dean. You can hit me, kick me, and beat me to the ground but that won’t change a thing. That won’t change what happened back there and it won’t change how concerned I am for you.”
“And then honey, after their guts paint the floor, you’re going to beg for it to be over. You’re going to want to die because I will have taken everything from you just like you took everything from me. You are going to have nothing to live for.”
As he returned his wallet to his pocket, the countdown on the screen began and the man didn’t know what to do with himself. Dean contemplated whether he should simply smile where he was or get closer to his friend. Perhaps he could lean closer or even put an arm around his shoulders. He had not thought that far into his plan so he did nothing.
The group piled into the Impala and after some urging from Dean, she roared back to life. This time, Sam noticed that Dean drove well under the speed limit. It was obvious to him that his brother wanted to enjoy the ride and he was more than okay with it.
“Oh no, not that” Eileen jumped on the question quickly, almost bemused by the assumption. “They just took the big fight with Chuck a bit hard I guess. Dean, well I honestly don’t know much about him at all really. I only saw him once or twice in the bunker in the weeks after the fight and he didn’t look too well. And Sam, well Sam and I, we….. It’s……”
Castiel clasped his hands underneath the table to keep them from shaking. He couldn’t keep his mind from wandering to everything Jack had shown him. Castiel had felt Dean’s pain and sorrow as if it was his own. He hated the pain he had caused the hunter. Eyes wandered to Dean’s hand which was absently tapping the empty glass.
Everything besides the two of them faded into the background. Nothing else mattered but the love they shared. Nothing, not even Heaven, Hell, or Purgatory combined could have been strong enough to pull them apart at that moment.
Over the next 30 minutes, the bunker door did not stop opening to let family and friends in. The hallways filled with the echoes of at least 60 people laughing and being merry. Sam did not recognize most of the guests but it was obvious they were not all human.
The hunter swallowed down the thousand things he wanted to say that were clawing at his throat and reached forward to place the coat in the angel’s lap. “I thought you didn’t sleep.”
When the countdown reached one and the camera flashed the first time, Dean laughed as Castiel jumped and let out a gasp of surprise. He threw his arm around the angel’s shoulders beyond his greater judgment and grinned at his profile as Castiel stared even closer at the camera with offense in his grimace. That glare, the one Dean was all too familiar with, was the one that scrunched the angel’s nose and squinted his eyes in that just slightly feline way that killed all of Dean’s doubts where they stood.
“Oh please, you love this song!” Sam teased his older brother. He knew Dean would never admit it out loud, but Sam had caught his older brother humming the tune more than a few times.
Dean gripped Castiel’s forearm as he swayed stiffly. He was really trying. Dean desperately wanted anything but to disappoint Castiel. The angel had bared his heart to him more times than Dean could count in the last few months alone. It was the least he could do to dance with the guy who had just given him an amazingly thoughtful gift yet Dean could not shake the constant stream of thoughts and doubts.
His gaze only faltered when he noticed the carved initials on the table. There were many lonely nights where he spent hours sitting and staring at the boxy SW and DW that claimed the bunker as their home. This time, however, Castiel noticed that two new names had joined Sam, Dean, and Mary’s initials. He rose to his feet and crossed the floor to the end of the table, not letting the flannel fall from his iron grip.
“Oh you know, plans he never followed through on, people he never killed, worlds he never conquered……” the Shadow grinned coldly as it responded, trying desperately to get into Jack’s head.
“Family will do that to you.” she smiled before pulling off the bed to redress. She could sense Sam’s gaze on her the whole time and she couldn’t help but laugh. He was like a teenager in love for the first time.
Eileen didn’t have a chance to step further before Sam swept her up in his arms and spun her around in the air while hugging her tightly. She giggled at the gesture and he laughed deeply.
The angel laughed. “Jack is surprisingly good at carnival games. It only took him three of the allotted five attempts.”
I can put every unruly demon and angel in here back to sleep as well. I can personally guarantee that you will remain at rest until the time comes that you are needed and if anything wakes you up unnecessarily, I will take care of it.”
Despite this, Castiel’s unmoving arms around him spoke volumes. No matter Dean’s traumas or demons, he would never leave his hunter behind. Not only had Castiel expressed the fact in the past, but the feeling of his hand on the small of Dean’s back and cheek against the hunter’s told Dean that the angel was not going anywhere.
I am also considering writing one shots or shorter fics but am not sure what themes to go about so feel free to reach out with requests in the comments here or on my tumblr, rowanspn! I am also considering a title change of this fic considering there is an episode of  Supernatural already called Unity. Let me know what you think!
“Yesss!!!” Jack's fist pumped the air, almost skipping the whole way back to the rift, clicking his heels on his way through.
Now, with that out of the way, please enjoy this extra long chapter and let me know what you think down below!!
Within a few moments, much to Castiel’s surprise and amusement, Jack was dragging a seven-foot stuffed bear-unicorn hybrid down the boardwalk as he continued to point out snack stands and carnival games. The angel laughed as he took more photos of the giddy Nephilim and his new overgrown best friend before another tent caught his eye.
I wanted to give a special thanks to the amazing FloraGois. Through your support, kindness, and efforts, Unity would not be the same without you. Your artwork has been stunning and your friendship has been an even better treasure. You are one of the first true friends I have made in a long time and I wanted to thank you from the bottom of my heart for every joy, laugh, smile, and even tear you have brought me. I look forward to working with you in the future. Because of everything you have given me, I wanted to dedicate this chapter to you, dear friend. Please enjoy as much as I enjoyed writing it.
In honor of our favorite little bean's birthday, I have cranked out this chapter as quickly as possible and am actually fairly happy with how it turned out! To celebrate the big FOUR here comes some family feels and Dadstiel and son Jack content!
Sam laughed as the group packed into the library carrying a variety of drinks and weapons alike. It was almost comical how odd the group looked in such a mundane situation.
“I am real and I can show you. Please Castiel, let me show you.” Jack reached out and touched both of Castiel’s temples. The angel’s eyes widened as Jack showed him everything he had seen in the last month.
“This way.” He signaled to the right and led Claire through the mostly barren wing of the mall. He had chosen early morning on a weekday to avoid foot traffic so the two of them were mostly left to their own devices.
Sam noticed the gesture and was on his feet before he could even register what he was doing. In a matter of seconds, he was crouching next to Dean and hugging him to his chest. Dean stiffened at the sudden hug but swiftly let go and began to sob into his brother, clinging onto his shirt for dear life.
Dean stifled the panicked feeling in his stomach as Castiel placed his hand on the hunter’s waist and lifted their joined hands to a comfortable level. Dean’s hand found Castiel’s forearm and they began to sway gently with the soft music that filled the air around them.
Tiffany listed off each type they carried before Jack made his final decision. “I will take apple juice please.” He gave the woman a bright smile and she winked at him before turning away to grab their drinks.
Despite this, Dean clutched to the child like he was a lifeline. That child was all that Dean had left of Castiel and he knew he would never let go if he had the chance. Jack needed a father now that Castiel was dead and even if Dean could never truly fill that empty place left behind by the angel, he was going to keep this kid safe even if he killed himself doing it.
“I believe your exact words were “Never do that again” unless I am confused,” Castiel thought deeply about the day April had stabbed him and he had feared that he would be meeting his end.
He would then stay there the rest of the day while rocking the baby and would spend hours talking to him. That day, Jack would hear every good thing about Castiel that the man remembered from the day he raised Dean from Hell to Castiel’s faith in the child. Dean would tell the child everything as he softly cried and surprisingly, Dean would find himself at peace for a few moments as he rocked the baby and spoke of everything good that had been Castiel, his best friend, and something more that never got to be.
“I’m pissed at him Sammy. He just gave up and left me on the floor to spend the rest of my days wondering what the Hell happened. If I ever see him again I swear the first thing I’m gonna do is beat him within an inch of his stupid little life.”
Hello Lovelies! You guys sure seemed to like the last chapter (and possibly hate me for it lol)!!! We definitely needed some good fuzzy Cas content as well as content focused on his mental state and how it is progressing. Be sure to leave your opinions in the comments!
Jack grabbed Rowena and shielded her with his body, his own eyes shining the fierce gold from his fear. He covered her ears as Castiel’s scream grew louder and higher pitched. The boy’s face shrouded in fear as he stared down his writhing father with shining eyes and hair whipping back and forth in the melee.
“So he finally made a move?” Claire asked as she added another scoop of sand to Jack’s filling pail.
“Ohhhhh...you’re daddy’s here too. Way down deep you know it too don’t you Sugar? Your angel is drowning in pure nothing, dreaming about everything he hates about himself and all the chaos he has brought to this world.
Claire laughed at the angel’s obliviousness and noticed the two items he was holding. “Oh, he is going to love the shirt. What’s that?” She asked as she pointed to the item Castiel was holding underneath the shirt.
“Dean!” Sam whispered panicked as his older brother reached into the crib fearful of what his older brother intended to do.
Sam grinned at the oddly Castiel-Esque comment and then felt a pang of guilt in his stomach. He had managed to forget the condition they left the bunker in and hoped that Dean and Castiel had stopped fighting. It seemed like Dean was finally getting some peace but peace never seemed to last too long for the Winchesters. Sam just hoped that they would be able to butt heads and resolve whatever it was just like they always did.
“What’s the matter, Sammy? You scared I’m gonna steal your girl?” Castiel rolled his eyes at Dean’s comment while the man spoke. “Don’t worry about it. I don’t intend on cashing in any chips tonight. I’m just not in the mood for it this year.”
Castiel laughed and wrapped his arm around Dean’s back and gripped his hip as he spoke. “Because I get to watch this one with you.” He squeezed Dean’s waist and watched the blush spread across the man’s cheeks.
Alex and Eileen both grabbed a bowl of fruits and vegetables each and they followed Castiel into the library. After setting a tray of ice on each table and a few bowls in each tray, the trio made their way back to the kitchen where Sam was just finishing putting the remaining burgers in the oven to keep them warm.
Alex grabbed a couple of trays too and they hurried to the library to place one in the middle of every table. They had originally planned to keep all the food in the kitchen, but enough hunters and friends responded positively that they did not have enough room for everyone anywhere but the library and war room.
They stood under the soft glow of a streetlamp and Castiel felt Dean take his hands in both of his own. The man took a small step forward and Castiel’s eyes met the wide green ones before him.
Castiel sat and stared at Claire affectionately as she ate and talked to him about everything she had been up to in recent weeks. Even as she sat before him beaming, he felt a pang of guilt in his chest for putting her in the position she was now.
Castiel turned his face to the phone and scrunched his nose as he read the name: “Bleeding out”. He turned to look back at Jack as he dropped his next chip and spoke “This song seems violent Jack. Are you sure it is age-appropriate for you?”
The hunter leaned forward and felt his cheek brush Castiel’s as their heads slotted side by side. Chest to chest and swaying in each other's arms, Dean felt as if he was falling. There was no other way to describe the rushing he felt in his head and the warmth spreading through his whole body.
The warm and curious look Dean found staring back at him had his stomach plummeting through the floor. The remnants of his comfort from only a few seconds ago were lost and replaced with the ice of terror as Castiel stared at him in awe. His heart felt as if it was going to explode straight out of his chest and onto the bee in Castiel’s lap but Dean dared not move from his place where he sat just too close to his friend for comfort.
Dean rolled his eyes in the mirror but smiled as Sam began to sing along. It was wildly out of tune and not nearly as good as Jack, but it didn’t matter. What mattered was the pure happiness that filled his chest as he sang with the boy. What mattered was enjoying the time his little family had together.
“Well, I like the song “Demons” because we hunt them although the meaning of the song confuses me a bit. I like this one too.” Jack dropped another chip making two in a row.
He finally met Sam’s gaze with the hint of a smile ghosting his lips. Sam stared right back with wide eyes, surprised he opened up without more prodding, but he leaned forward, urging Dean to continue.
“Thank you” he whispered into his brother’s ear. Dean didn’t even need to ask: he already knew that Sam was the only one that could have pulled it off.
Jody and Eileen parted ways amicably, with Jody giving Eileen a hug that was just a bit too tight but still comforting, a mother’s hug. It was obvious to Eileen that the older woman was touch starved, especially in the comforting and caring for others department.
“So I just hold it like this?” Jack asked while hoisting a small pistol that Sam had provided for him to practice with.
Jack leaned back and looked into his father’s eyes. “You’re home now Castiel. Once Dean got you out, Rowena used my power and a spell she made to wake you up. You're safe.”
Castiel saw the flush turn to pale on the man’s cheeks. “You were infuriated and rightfully so. I broke what little you had and that loss built what felt like an irreparable rift between us. I truly thought it would never be mended.
Hello lovelies! I appreciate your patience when it came to this chapter coming out late. I have just recently lost my second grandfather in two years and the funeral was yesterday. After seeing my extended family for the first time in five years, I have been completely and emotionally exhausted. Then the great Supernatural Civil War started and I had something to focus on. It was refreshing and gave me the motivation to finish this chapter. Even the seemingly peaceful resolution feels like only the beginning of a greater story.
Dean winced as his flesh sutured back together. When he finally turned to face Castiel once again, Dean realized his nose was no longer throbbing and he lifted his hand to feel it.
Dean considered giving his usual response, but Castiel was different. Whenever he was in pain, the angel always seemed to pull the truth out of him. Maybe it was their “profound bond” or something else, but Castiel always seemed to find a way to unearth Dean’s deepest emotions and traumas. Unlike others in Dean’s life, Castiel always seemed to be able to handle the truth so Dean didn’t even try to resist.
Then was the exact opposite when I offered to give my life for you and go with you when you were going to take out Amara. I wanted nothing more than to keep you from dying alone and surrounded in darkness. I wanted to keep you feeling comforted in your death if it was to be inevitable.
Castiel felt a warmth reach his cheeks as he thought about the one man he had let down most in this world but would always be willing to do everything in his power to save. Castiel knew that no matter how many disappointments he had caused, he would always lay himself down in front of Dean for forgiveness, no matter the cost.
Hello Lovelies! The action begins! I know it was a bit of a slow start, but this chapter begins to tease at the events to come! Stay tuned for the action to come in future chapters.
Sam and Jack talked about the menu while Eileen stared at them. She thoroughly enjoyed watching their dynamic. When it came to the relationship between Castiel and Jack, it was obvious the two were a father-son duo. Sam and Jack, however, were more complicated. She noticed that while Sam was definitely a father figure to Jack, they seemed to have the relationship of a boy and his goofy uncle.
The hand left his arm and Castiel focused intently as he struck the cue ball. To his surprise, the striped ball sunk into the side pocket. He beamed at Dean and the man looked back at him with a face full of pride.
Sam stopped when he noticed that Dean was gently rocking the angel while quietly humming and crying. It took a few moments but Sam recognized the song soon enough: Hey Jude. He smiled when he realized just what Dean was doing and just how much his brother cared about the angel.
“Shut up” Dean responded without any real threat in his voice, just relieved the tense atmosphere had been replaced with a more relaxed one.
Hello Lovelies! I had some extra time on my hands recently and managed to finish this chapter up early! I just couldn't wait until Tuesday to post it! I was too excited!
“Well, that is easy.” He smiled down at the man. “I will stay with you as you age and help you when tasks become too difficult to do yourself. I will heal your ailments and ease your pains.”
Claire shrugged and smiled as she winked at Castiel and tore off a piece of her pretzel. “You try a bite of this and you will be forgiven for everything.”
I guess I could put a little warning in here for some angst, but that's just how it goes! I hope you enjoy and be sure to leave a comment down below. i have also just posted another one shot revolving around Baby Jack, but this time there's some good Dadstiel content! Go check out Bath Time Baby and let me know what you think!
Just like that time, his nerves were on red alert as he finished his beer. He felt like he might explode at any second until he felt Dean’s hand on his sleeve.
“Oh, really Baby Face? I’ll admit, the power coming off you in waves, it’s definitely cosmic so I am inclined to listen but you’re in my terrain now which means I own you boy. I own everything inside here. So I will warn you, I’m already pissed off that you woke me up along with everything else inside.
Sam genuinely smiled. He was so proud of Jack. The boy had really saved the world and yet, he wasn’t satisfied. He just wanted to keep making things better. It was obvious Jack was definitely part of their family.
He stood in a hurry and grabbed the angel’s hand before pulling him down the boardwalk to a small booth. Castiel looked inquisitively at the box with a curtain on the side and his confusion brought an even larger grin to Dean’s face
“What? I would never!” Castiel laughed and avoided the boy’s gaze as he pressed the lever that released all of the chips. “I would, however, like to play another game if you wouldn’t mind.” He did meet Jack’s gaze then and laughed at how happy his son looked.
The drive back to the motel was a tense one. Dean was playing the exact same tape as before, replaying the same songs over and over again. Sam was confused by the song choices. They were from all different albums and years. It didn’t quite make sense since Dean was a stickler for music rules, but he didn’t want to question it.
Castiel went nuclear. He screamed and flared his wings as he leveled the entire field. His grace erupted from his body and filled the area with a burning white-hot light. It was similar to when he obliterated every demon inside the house when Alistair attacked Dean but then he had been angry: Now he was frustrated.
Eileen chuckled lightly as she watched the boy’s face as his eyes glittered in awe. She liked that the simple things in life amazed him so much. In reality, Jack really was a toddler that had just begun discovering the world and she enjoyed watching him learn and find new things every day.
“Don’t be. Come on, let’s leave those two alone.” Eileen winked up at him and led him out of the library and towards the kitchen.
The bunker door swung open and Claire and Kaia bounded down the stairs hand in hand with a few plastic bags from the local dollar store.
The man fired with vigor and intent over and over again until his three-minute allotment was up. It was impressive how many of the ducks he managed to knock over in such a short period of time. Even the booth keeper seemed surprised when he added up the total points Dean had earned on his first attempt at the game.
Castiel stared into the sink and sighed thinking about his charge, Dean. When he had first met the hunter, he had come to despise some of his habits: drinking, hedonism, and gambling to name a few. However, the man had grown on him quickly as he taught the beauty of humanity and why it deserved to be protected. Castiel had quickly found himself giving up the world and his whole mission for that one man.
It seemed there was nothing he had to say because Dean’s hand found his wrist and gently pulled him through the throng of people to the door. The cool February air bit at the angel’s ears and fingers and he instantly felt relief wash over him.
Dean looked down into his empty glass with disappointment before meeting Castiel’s concerned eyes. He could hardly believe he was meeting Castiel face to face at that moment. For weeks he had been dreaming of the moments he had once been able to just look the angel in the eyes. Those dreams had haunted his waking moments every time he allowed himself to think and Castiel had ghosted his thoughts since the Empty took him.
Sam remembered one of his favorite memories of Dean was from the play he had worked on. Sam had been in the crew for “Our Town” and when he admitted this to Dean, it was Dean who came to the show and sat in the audience in the back of the auditorium to support his little brother. Sometimes Sam missed the boy he once saw in the back of the auditorium that day.
Dean sighed as he stared at the flames beginning to reach the dead angel nestled inside the burning wood. He knew that he would stay there until the embers burned out fully. Sam would likely go back inside eventually for some rest but this would not be the case for Dean.
The camera flashed for the third time and broke his relaxed state. For a fleeting moment, Dean believed it too would break Castiel’s resolve, but the angel remained unphased by the change in atmosphere. It was this and the pleading look in his eyes that tipped Dean over the edge.
It had been a little over a week since their kiss in the kitchen and they had not talked about it since. Dean wasn’t avoiding him at all and they were spending a fair amount of time together, but nothing was out of the ordinary really. They played some foosball, spent some time with Sam and Eileen and Jack, and mostly spent lonely nights together in the library or kitchen drinking and talking quietly.
Castiel’s smile faltered slightly as he listened to Jack’s explanation. There was no sadness in the boy’s voice, but he hated hearing Jack speak like that about himself. Castiel’s fingers deftly grazed his chip as he looked for another spot and spoke.
Castiel was about to respond in the affirmative when a hand grabbed the back of his coat. He gasped as the phone was knocked from his hand and he was thrown to the ground.
To Dean’s surprise and utter gratitude, Castiel reached forward to cup his cheek and whispered “Are you? I am not if that is your concern.”
Castiel watched as the squishmallow as Jack called it, the boy seemed to have quite the fascination with the toys, made its way from the display into Dean’s eagerly awaiting hands. The man turned and offered the toy to the angel with a smug grin.
“Here, if you don’t wanna do it, I can. You don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, aside from eating your vegetables.” He winked at Jack’s glowing face and took the worm from his fingers before loading it onto the pole in the boy’s hands.
Castiel nodded at Dean’s gratitude and stood, pulling his phone out of his pocket. Instead of speaking, he tapped the screen, and the first few notes of Led Zeppelin’s “All of My Love” floated through the air.
The hunter let the sobs come for a few minutes before gathering his wits enough to piece together what he wanted to say. Sam rubbed his hands together and began to pray softly.
“No Sam. It’s not okay. Just because I’m screwed up doesn’t mean you should be too. You needed me and I wasn’t there. End of story. Please just take the apology.”
Castiel felt Dean wrap the quilt around him tighter and lean into the angel’s side as he spoke. He turned to plant a kiss in the man’s hair before speaking again.
Castiel leaned into the warm touch surrounding him as Dean adjusted his stance. They had managed to fix his feet but apparently, according to Dean, his arms were the real problem. Dean tried fixing them a few times, but the adjustments never seemed to stick: they were just too complex.
“I’m coming. If I have to watch Kaia and Claire swoon at each other anymore I think I’m gonna barf.”
As they swayed flush against one another, Dean beamed and melted into the desperately needed touch. He allowed himself to grip Castiel’s shoulder tightly and let his face fall to the crook of his neck. Dean noticed Castiel’s head turn and felt the angel’s lips ghost against the shell of his ear as he whispered.
It was time. Sand between his toes, his brother by his side in matching Hawaiian shirts, obviously, and a couple o’ them fruity umbrella drinks in his hand. They made it. Dean had of course complained about Sam’s incessant mothering over Dean wearing the proper amount of sunscreen and staying in the shade during the most intense hours of direct sunlight, but he had made it nonetheless.
When the angel did not elaborate, Dean recognized that Castiel wanted to keep the dreams to himself. Dean considered the possibility that Castiel was not comfortable sharing, but he knew it was more likely than not that the angel didn’t want Dean to feel even more guilty than he already did.
Castiel smiled. They had already discussed the dreams which inevitably ended in a fight, but they of course got over it after a few hugs and I love you’s. “No more secrets. That goes for you too.”
Castiel finally looked up and met the man’s eyes. “Thank you, Dean. Now it is your turn. How are you really?”
“I’m God now. I can do anything.” Jack rasped out as he regained his breath and his eyes faded from the white-hot to the fiery gold, back to their usual blue.
Castiel sighed deeply and mirrored the man’s relaxed state. “You know, Dean, I remember a great many things from my lifetime.”
The silence settled between them again and they sat comfortably wrapped in their quilt as the sky turned from dark indigo to a deep midnight blue. Castiel silently thanked whatever chances allowed him to reach this point in his life. He decided that there was no other man, monster, or angel he would prefer to be spending the morning with under the stars for the rest of eternity.
“I mean my real father. Where is Castiel?” Jack’s eyes flamed an angry gold, not having the patience to deal with the manipulation attempt.
Hello Lovelies! Little bit of a longer chapter, but this one will be worth it! I loved writing it and only hope you enjoy it too! Be sure to let me know what you think in the comments!
As the first few notes played, he glanced over at his older brother once again and caught a glimpse of a single tear sliding down his cheek before Dean hastily whipped it away with the back of his hand.
The Shadow practically snarled the words, stopping its circling inches away from Jack’s nose. He could feel the cold creeping off of the Shadow as it attempted to play every card in its deck hoping to keep Jack at bay. The Shadow was many things but it was not stupid. It was, however, terrified and Jack could feel that as well.
Hello Lovelies! You guys really seemed to enjoy the last chapter so I thought......more fluff!!!!!! And who doesn't deserve it more than Sam and Eileen?
So when he woke up from yet another nightmare that morning, Castiel couldn’t contain his rage. He was just so tired of waking up screaming with tears plastering his face and ripping at his throat. He was sick of feeling so helpless and his frustration erupted from his body as he ripped his bedding apart.
Instead, when Castiel noticed the man’s smile widened to a toothy grin, he was led to a large booth with row after row of animatronic ducks that moved in a rhythmic cycle as hopefuls paid to shoot at them one by one. Castiel looked on with curiosity as Dean clapped with excitement and turned to look at the angel with eyes wide with joy.
Castiel shook the thought from his mind and rose from the table to put the empty glasses in the sink to be cleaned. He always seemed to be the one cleaning up after the Winchesters’ messes, big or small, but somehow he never seemed to mind. He found that no matter what the mess was, he was happy to clean up after the boys because it allowed him to spend more time with them, his little family.
Bess turned to Sam who was just finishing up with the last pack of beers for the liquor cooler. “Where’s the birthday boy anyway? He does realize he has guests right?”
Still, he felt a longing that kept him from being happy. Sam still felt deep down that there would be another apocalypse on the horizon and he was just waiting for it to come. He had seen far too much in his lifetime to let himself hope that they had reached the end of their world-saving conquests.
Jack felt himself being pulled to his feet as Rowena whispered in his ear. “I think we should give your fathers some alone time, yes?” Jack nodded in agreement and let her lead him to the kitchen for a snack.
“Castiel? It’s me. You’re safe now. We pulled you out of the Empty. You are safe and at home in the bunker.”
Dean could feel his pulse rising and cheeks flushing at the feel of Castiel’s chest against his own, much closer since Castiel rejoined them after Dean’s spin. As the music slowed, their movements did as well. Dean realized how intimate their position was and he couldn’t bring himself to be bothered by it or the blush that came with the thought. He was thoroughly enjoying it.
“I am not dying today!” He screamed at the top of his lungs while pushing her against the beam as hard as he could, sending the rebar straight through her back until it stuck out her chest. She screamed in pain and fury as she fought against him.
Castiel reached out and traced the letters with his fingers: CASTIEL. He smiled at the gesture. Seeing his and Jack’s names carved in amongst the Winchester’s caused a warmth to spread inside him and he realized what this meant. There was no uncarving those letters: He was permanently and officially a member of the Winchester family.
Sam smiled and took his headphones and goggles off as he spoke. “I’m sure he will get the hang of things again. You guys planning on tearing down the walls soon?”
He could see Castiel again even if it was just an illusion and he rationalized that it was what he deserved. He did not deserve the angel’s love. He had broken him, thrown him around, and cursed the angel far too much to deserve him. At least in Heaven, he would be able to see his face and shout his apologies until he went blue in the face. At least then he might finally find peace so Dean let go.
Jack looked pensive as he took his next turn. “Well, lots of their songs are happy like when we’re all together on movie nights. Then there are their sadder songs. I like “Monster” because it reminds me of me.”
I remember a night just like this one when I realized I had wasted twelve years of my life. I was your charge but you were my friend. You became my brother but we both know that wasn’t really the case. I was your charge but you changed me too.”
Dean gripped Castiel’s hand and gently pulled it from his shoulder. He prayed he wasn't misinterpreting things. His heart pounded so intensely he could practically feel it tearing through his chest at the idea of holding the angel’s hand.
Castiel furrowed his brow at the insult but remembered that this was how Claire expressed affection so he simply paid and led Claire out of the small store into the open wing of the mall.
I figured we could all use some family fluff to get us by so here is this chapter. It may feel a bit detached because of everything going on in my life right now, but I thoroughly enjoy writing. It is what I love and what keeps me happy so I wanted to do this. If yu do enjoy it, be sure to let me know in the comments.
And you forgave me. Somehow you did and it gave me the happiness I needed to continue our fight. It gave me what I needed to save you that one last time.”
“No more secrets. You could have told me about your dreams. I would have helped you. I just can’t handle losing you again.”
Eileen squealed as Sam picked her up and tossed her over his shoulder. She slapped his back while reeling in laughter and he grabbed both her bags in his free hand. Sam bounced his step all the way back to their room, causing round after round of laughter between the both of them.
Castiel smiled at the contempt on Jack’s face as he recounted his opinion on Heaven’s system. He had never considered it before, but with Jack offering his thoughts, Castiel realized that Heaven was not as perfect as Chuck had made it seem to be.
The days of Heaven being his home were long past. His real home lay sleeping in the passenger seat of the Impala with a quilt tightly wrapped around his shoulders. Castiel approached the man from the passenger side of the car.
The Shadow craned its neck to listen. When content that it did not hear a sound the Shadow turned to Jack once again. “Excellent. The silence is deafening. It’s beautiful.” With its final words, the Shadow tipped its head back and closed its eyes, signifying Jack that it was ready.
The hunter scoffed in disbelief. “You just came back from the dead buddy, I should be asking you that. Not the other way around.”
Castiel grinned as Jack struggled under the never-ending stream of melting ice cream dripping down his hand. The moment was far too precious to savor for himself so he made sure to sneak a couple of pictures to show Sam and Dean later when they returned to the beach. Jack had been insistent on spending some time trying out everything the strip had to offer.
Howdy Lovelies! Back at it with yet another chapter! Just wanted to give another content warning. This one has the usual angst but has some more violence as well as implied depression and suicidal thoughts/death.
Claire sat in the passenger seat of the Lincoln Continental with her feet kicked up on top of the glovebox. She glared out the window in mock annoyance as she twirled a curl of her hair around her pointer finger.
“It’s so good to see you!” Jack beamed as he pulled Castiel into a tight hug. As he pulled back from the embrace, Jack spoke again. “How are things going in the bunker?”
The lies seemed to come so easily these days, especially when it came to his family. Of course, he told Eileen and Dean he was happy. What else was he supposed to say? The world was at peace, Heaven and Hell were in balance, Amara was content in coexisting with Jack, and Eileen and Castiel were both back and alive. He had nothing worthy of complaint.
No, he wasn’t gay, he loved women too. Dean knew what that meant and he knew the word for it but actually saying it out loud? Dean hated labels. Labels meant a definite answer and that meant an answer he had spent his life getting beaten out of him. Why did there need to be a label for everything? Why couldn’t he just be happy with whoever, or whatever in Castiel’s case, he wanted and not have to market it as something or another? He had spent years thinking about it but never actually addressing it in all seriousness. Here though, with Castiel reaching out to him with the patience of a saint, things were different and he could feel himself practically shaking with fear.
“Come on buddy,” he whispered gleefully while tugging the curtain aside and pulling the angel in by the hand. “Sit here, next to me, and stare at that thing right there”
Dean had taught him so many things over the years. From social cues to how to use human inventions from televisions to shotguns, Dean had made him more human with every interaction. Castiel used to be disappointed in himself for his fall from Heaven’s grace, but now seeing his name carved with the Winchester’s, he could not have been more content with his choice to stay on Earth. He had raised Dean from the fiery depths of Hell and as a result, fallen from grace. The two had met somewhere in the middle and now, Castiel had a real family.
“What do you say we win you a prize too?” Dean asked and Castiel sensed a hint of nervousness on the man but could not place why he would feel that way. “Go on, pick which one you want.”
“Jack, it’s not that Dean doesn’t like his emotions” Sam started, catching Jack’s eyes as he spoke. “He just isn’t very good at handling them. When our mom died, we lost our only mentor when it comes to that kind of stuff. It was a bit easier for me because I didn’t remember her, but for Dean, it was hard. I grew up only knowing my Dad and his more brash way of doing things. Dean lost a lot of kindness all of a sudden and I think that stuck with him. We were taught that our emotions were not as important as the people that needed to be saved. The people were always more important and I think Dean took that pretty personally. He’s been through a lot.”
Jack nodded before taking the pole from Dean’s hand and reached for the tackle box. He poked around inside and carefully picked up several lures to inspect. He sorted through a handful of them before he chose one of the more colorful lures and looked to Dean for approval who was distracted with his own fishing pole.
If anyone else were around, Dean would be embarrassed by that look, but with his best friend pressed against his side and staring at the picture with a similar look on his face, Dean felt unreasonably happy to share that moment with someone so important to him. He stared at the angel’s profile that was so carefully silhouetted by the flickering lights of the cheap yellowed bulbs surrounding the boardwalk and grinned in wonder at what an awe-inspiring creature Castiel truly was.
“Hold him. I have a funeral to plan.” Dean gently pushed the infant into his younger brother’s arms.
Jack smiled and nodded enthusiastically before taking Castiel’s hand in his free one and letting the angel guide him and his bear to the shop that caught his eye. The boy perused the small tables and squeezed the bear tightly to his chest while taking in the stand’s inventory. Something on one of the displays caught his attention and Jack turned to Castiel with a grin.
Castiel smiled wholeheartedly the rest of their trip through the mall and the whole ride home. He may have never felt love before he came to Earth but there was no doubt in Castiel’s heart that he loved that girl with everything he had. He knew he would be spending the rest of her time on Earth protecting her and helping make her smile so when she reached in to give him a tight hug goodbye, Castiel made sure to sneak a small wad of money into her pocket without her noticing.
“Still doesn’t make it ok. I just remember being so hurt. I was ready to just give up and let Billie take me to get it over with. But then you came back and let me put that stupid hat on you.
All at once, those doubts and nerves from before seemed to leave him and Dean felt himself do something reckless. He tentatively tugged Castiel’s arm closer to him and Dean felt the angel’s hand make its way to the small of his back. It gently pulled Dean closer and he was happy to oblige.
“We...uh…” Castiel felt like his ears were on fire when he realized he truly had no good answer for her.
Sam laughed wholeheartedly when the angel winked in response and slid into the passenger seat of the car. Under other circumstances, he might have complained at the loss of his favorite spot side by side with his brother, but he was happy to spend some time pressed against Eileen in the backseat.
“Yeah, buddy. I know.” Dean tipped the glass back, finishing most of it in one go while smirking. It had always been difficult for him to accept affection but Castiel’s concern for him had always managed to make him smile.
“Fine. Deal. You wanna kiss on it Sweet Cheeks?” the Shadow sneered attempting to regain some ground and power in the conversation.
Then I spent a full year in the throws of the monsters’ hell clawing my way through the brush and fighting for my life just to stay as far from you as possible. I remember spending every night aching for your company but knowing I had to keep moving to keep you safe. I begged to an absent father every night to hear your daily prayer because it would mean you had lived one more day.
“If you want me out of this car you’re gonna have to drag me out.” Dean pulled the quilt over his head as he mumbled.
“Did you take care of Kelly?” Dean avoided the offer knowing full well that Sam already knew what his older brother’s response would be.
Sam risked one final look behind him and smiled to himself. Dean was finally getting the win he so desperately needed and he could tell that they wouldn’t be letting go of each other for a long time, maybe never.
At that moment, Dean realized exactly what that empty spot had been. It was home: a home with a family. A home where he cooked eggs every morning and read the paper while scruffing up his son’s hair. A home where he spent easy nights in front of a fireplace while listening to soft music. A home where he passed the waning light dancing slowly in the arms of a loved one and received a kiss every night before bed.
“I’m so sorry it took this long to get you out. I tried everything I could think of. I’m so sorry.” Dean could tell that Castiel was deeply affected by what he had been through.
Castiel desperately clawed at the slacks of the man pinning him to the ground but it was of no use. Whatever he was, the man was strong, stronger than any being Castiel had ever fought with. Everything except for…..
Castiel turned to look at the man and squeezed his shoulder when he noticed Dean’s cheeks deepening to an even darker shade of red. “Yeah, that was nice,” he muttered under his breath.
The group all raised their glasses to Dean and shouted a variety of surprises and Happy Birthdays. As they did, Sam watched as Dean’s face went from calm to shocked, to ecstatic all at once and he could have sworn he saw a single tear making its way down his older brother’s smiling cheek.
Hello Lovelies! How are y'all doing after that last chapter? I hope you are all doing well. A bit of a shorter chapter this go around since those last two are a bit hard to follow up but I can assure you that some great content is coming your way!
Castiel could feel himself panicking. He had never been good in these types of situations and he had no idea what to say to fix it.
Sam didn’t want to admit it but he did have ulterior motives. He didn’t want to be alone with Dean. Sam was nervous that his brother would do something stupid or dangerous and he wouldn’t be enough to stop him alone.
Castiel was too shocked to say anything or even respond to the sudden intimacy. Dean was never this affectionate to him, especially since the incident with Mary. Castiel hadn’t even lifted his arms to return the hug when Dean was already pulling back.
Castiel smiled slightly while thinking about the time Jack begged him not to tell Sam about the late-night cereal snacking he once witnessed.
Despite that, he hadn't brought someone home in years, not even to a dingy motel room or a bar bathroom. He of course had his reasons, one reason in particular, for this, but that reason stayed locked away deep down where he could hide it from everyone but ever since that day in the storage room, that reason had been threatening to come up and come pouring out into the daylight.
Also, got an idea you want to see put in writing? Put it in the comments or reach out to me on my tumblr, rowanspn! I am looking for ideas for one shots and would appreciate your input! Enjoy!
Castiel grabbed a few big trays that were filled with ice and nodded at Alex and Eileen. “I guess I am joining you two from now on. Sam helped me cut up fruits and vegetables to put on these trays to keep them cool. The bowls are in the fridge.”
Eventually, a new song started and Sam recognized the first few notes of “Iris” as it began to play. He immediately smiled when Jack began to sing along with the first verse.
“Hey everybody! Dean’s GPS says he’s only a few minutes away!” Sam shouted over the din of the room. Having everyone’s attention he continued. “Grab your stuff and stay in here. I’m going to shut all the lights off and I’ll turn them back on when he starts coming down the staircase. When I do that, shout surprise or something like that.”
Eileen chuckled at the comment and returned to her place against his chest. She was unsure when exactly she fell asleep. Sam’s comforting strokes of his fingers through her hair had been just repetitive enough to lull her to sleep.
Dean shook his head and smiled as he deftly prepared his own pole and cast it into the water. He carefully balanced it between two smaller rocks and knelt down to dig through the cooler he had been resting on.
The drive back to the bunker was exhausting. Sam and Eileen had talked about his discussion with Dean before she got in her car to follow them. They had decided that it would be a good idea to accompany each other while they healed from the hunt.
Hello lovelies! Chapter two is going to be a bit of a doozy so I wanted to put out a warning before reading. This chapter will include themes surrounding grief, death, substance abuse/alcohol abuse, possible symptoms of depression, isolation, and violent outbursts/blood, and vomit. With all that being said, enjoy the chapter and don't be afraid to leave comments!
Dean smirked and looked down in his lap as he grabbed his fishing pole again. The kid sure was odd and apparently unbelievably observant. Sure he loved his family but they just weren't the lovey-dovey kind. They said it in other ways.
“Yeah, but why? I mean, you’re an angel. You’ve seen it a thousand times. What’s so special about this one?”
“Well, that’s just perfect!” Donna said cheerily as Jody descended from the ladder. The two of them joined Claire and Kaia at the map table and tore into the bags, dividing the new decorations amongst themselves to hang around the library.
Ever since he had taken James Novak’s vessel, Castiel had found himself displaying more and more humanity throughout the few years he had been on Earth. He had been in existence for millennia, had watched the stars being hung in the night sky, had watched the fish move to the terrestrial plane, and witnessed the creation of man. Somehow, the great wonders of his long existence did not hold a candle to the humanity he had developed in the blip of existence that was his time shared with the Winchesters.
Although he had no need for sleep, Castiel felt exhausted. He thought it was possibly a remnant of the Empty’s hold on him or perhaps it was the result of the events of the day. Either way, he felt he couldn’t hold his head up any longer.
Eileen wanted nothing more than to spend the rest of her life that way. Locked in an easy embrace with Sam at her back in the mussed sheets, she wanted only to spend every day of her life just like that. She didn’t need any fancy things or grandiose gestures. All she needed was the feeling she got when she felt Sam spoon closer around her and nuzzle his face in the back of her neck.
Ultimately, in a few days, Dean would pack Jack into the backseat of the Impala and would clutch the jar with one hand as he drove for several hours while scoping out the area surrounding the bunker. He would eventually find the clearing with a windmill and would know right then that it would be the perfect final resting place for his best friend.
“Not at all Jack. I just wanted to come to see you and maybe play a game if you would like.” Castiel turned to Jack’s closet full of games and gestured to a few of the boxes as he spoke.
Sam turned to look at her, worry imminent on both their faces. “That depends. Are you talking about the repeating music, the intense focus on the road, the refusal to talk about the hunt, not wanting to stop for food or a beer, or ripping that vampire apart?"
You managed to get me in that room so Sam could bring me home. You were ready to watch me “murder the world” and do anything you could to save me. I guess I never knew what that meant until now.
He carefully squared his feet in an imitation of Dean’s stance and bent slightly at the waist. Castiel bent his elbows just like his friend had and set the end of the cue on his hand resting on the table. As he raised his elbow, he felt Dean’s hand grasp his arm.
The parlor was mostly empty as it was still quite early in the day so the trio was able to find a booth easily. A sweet brunette with her hair pulled up in a big bow approached their table and began passing around menus.
He felt Dean push his arm forward to strike the cue ball and it sank one of his remaining striped balls. Castiel turned to look at Dean and beamed. He was no good, but he loved the game and the happiness on Dean’s face was priceless.
“Well, in that case, I have a present for you. It seems customary that I bring you a gift on the night of your birthday and I did not want to miss out on that.” Castiel sat down on the bed next to the hunter and revealed a gift bag he had been hiding behind his back.
Mostly they watched old movies together. Whenever Jack fell asleep and Sam and Eileen retired to bed on their movie nights as a family, Dean had insisted that Castiel stay for another. He always let the hunter choose because the smile on his face was more than worth watching yet another Western. Inevitably, Dean would fall asleep and each time, Castiel would carry him through the bunker, tuck him in his bed, and kiss his forehead before leaving the room and shutting the lights off on his way out. They never spoke about it, but Castiel knew Dean was aware how he got to bed every night. The man always managed to thank him with a smile and a fresh cup of coffee in the morning and Castiel would accept it gratefully as Sam stared on in confusion.
The two sat in silence for a few minutes and passed the bottle back and forth to refill their glasses as they emptied repeatedly. By the time the bottle was depleted, Castiel had consumed the majority of the liquor in an attempt to limit Dean’s intake.
“I said how long have you two been together? You and Mr. Macho over there.” Her dark eyes flitted in Dean’s direction as she lightly rolled her straw between her teeth.
Dean rolled his eyes and finally looked dead at her. “Can’t a man want a break with his family for once?”
“Well, Dean is wrong about a lot of things.” Castiel smiled as he turned the volume up a bit and tossed the phone back on the pillow. He grabbed the box for the game and sat cross-legged on the bed in front of Jack, perfectly mirroring his son.
They remained like that, locked in each other’s embrace and letting out years of their frustrations into that kiss for a few more minutes until the curtain was pulled aside and a young couple stood looking incredibly shocked and nearly horrified. Dean pried himself off of his angel and smirked at the couple’s downcast stares and mumbled apologies before grabbing Castiel’s hand and pulling him out into the inky night.
Castiel nodded slowly as he focused intently on Dean’s fingers and felt his pulse rising at Dean’s ministrations.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. I’m comin’. Some of us aren’t three years old, kid.” He quipped as he pulled a cooler from the trunk of the Impala and began to follow the path closely behind Jack.
ALSO ALSO! The amazing Flora Gois has been kind enough to make some amazing artwork for this fic! It will be at the bottom of the chapter. Please be sure to leave her some love over on her tumblr, https://fl0-0ra.tumblr.com/  ! Her work is stunning and she has been the absolute sweetest to work with!
“Too damn long.” Dean couldn’t stop the cry from coming out. He felt himself inch cross the floor towards Castiel, praying that he was truly back.
“Really Castiel? You seriously think you’re going to find something for Dean in here of all places?”
Castiel felt the grace of every angel in the room swell as they bowed to him. All at once, he realized what Jack was asking of him. It was as clear as day and he felt his wings unfurl with pride as he looked down on his army.
“That’s alright. Why don’t you help the girls with setting up the fruits and stuff while I finish up with these.”
“Are you feeling alright Dean? You weren’t anywhere in the group and I was beginning to feel concerned.”
Jack snapped his fingers. “No need. The deal is sealed now, paperwork and all. If you ever wish to discuss terms or amendments, call out to me and I will come to you at my earliest convenience. Are you ready to rest?”
Sam watched as a look of realization and then pure astonishment breached his brother’s expression. “Did you just Han Solo me?”
Then you were happier than I had ever seen you before when we went to Dodge and could live out your dream to be a real-life cowboy. Just seeing you more animated than I had in years made any discomfort worthwhile.
He watched as they circled the two vampires: one of which was surprisingly tall, even bigger than Sam. He was terrifying. Upon seeing this, the strangest thing happened. When Dean saw Eileen and Sam picking each other up and moving together once again to decapitate one of the vamps attacking them, he felt the strangest pang of fire deep in his gut.
After the pie was gone and the words stopped, the two fell into an easy silence and stared as the sky over the water began to darken. Castiel watched Dean’s profile as it too darkened against the horizon with the spackling of the night’s first stars to halo his sandy hair. From head to toe, the man looked nothing if not serene and it eased the constant furrow in his brow and for that the angel was thankful.
Dean finally looked his brother in the eye and could tell that he was serious, pick a fight and force the pie down his throat serious. With that thought, He carefully lifted the glass to his mouth, allowing a small amount of the cool water to slip past his lips.
“Can we play Chutes and Ladders?” Jack asked, already getting up to grab the game from the pile in his closet.
Castiel sighed once more at the realization that he would be alone for hours yet again while the hunters slept. Without thought, Castiel found himself shuffling into the library and staring at the damage he had caused. He crouched to the floor and sifted a few bits of glass from the shattered light bulbs through his fingers and felt a pang in his heart as he realized just how much damage he had done.
Eileen hated having to outline her thoughts directly but she desperately wanted an answer. “Oh, I don’t know. Maybe something like marriage?”
Jack seemed satisfied by the answer as he smiled and turned back to tip the remainder of the soda out of the can. Dean watched as he reeled in the line and recast to a spot much further down the creek. Jack propped his pole up in between two rocks again and leaned back with his palms on the bedrock below him to stare at the clouds.
Again, I just wanted to thank you all for you consistent support, commentary, and following. You are the reason I have done all of this. This work would have ended a lot sooner without you all. Thank you.
55 down, seven to go. This journey has really been one for the books. Be sure to let me know what you think about this chapter and fic as a whole. It's about to get really juicy!
“I’m thinking about feelings. They are quite confusing. Ever since I got my soul back, I have been feeling emotions again and I do appreciate them, but there is something I don’t understand.”
A sharp ringing disrupted Castiel’s thoughts. He stood confused for a moment before he realized that the sound was coming from the pocket of his trenchcoat. Castiel shuffled in the pocket until he found his cell phone.
Castiel noticed a black shirt with the Led Zeppelin logo across the front and immediately pointed to it. “That one please.”
Dean eventually snuck away from the crowd and escaped to the kitchen, leaning against the counter and staring out into the hallway. There he watched Castiel sitting cross-legged on the ground with baby Castiel standing in front of him gripping onto his pointer fingers for balance. The baby kept wobbling and squealing while Castiel laughed and held him upright.
Dean let his frustrations fall and relaxed as he accepted that he would never be deserving of the angel’s love anyway. He thought he had understood after Castiel’s confession in those final moments, but he must have been wrong. It seemed he always was about his friend.
Jack leaned forward to him and furrowed his brows with concentration. “I don’t know what it is but every time I’m near him, he just feels cold. It’s weirdly familiar but I can’t figure out why.”
Jack linked his arm in his father’s and led him out of the room into a long blindingly white hallway. As they walked, he stole glances at Castiel every few moments. He was so happy to have his father at his side again and he was shaking with excitement for what the next few minutes would hold.
Dean relaxed and quietly hummed to himself out of sheer joy for what felt like a much too short duration of time when he was interrupted by a soft knocking at his door. Castiel popped his head inside and when Dean did not urge him to leave, he stepped in and closed the door behind him.
“Sammy? I’m back! I got that arugula crap you wanted! Sam?” Dean’s calls filled the room and as soon as he reached the top of the stairwell, Sam flicked the light switches and filled the war room and library with light.
Only 9 left to go! I don't know what I am going to do after this one. Possibly extend my baby Jack series? A new chaptered work? Fulfill requests? You decide! Let me know what you want in the comments and I will work it into my schedule!
Sam finally got up from the bed, tossed his jacket over his shoulder, and grabbed the bag. He took one final longing look at his empty bed, wishing that one day he would be sharing it again, before flicking off the light and making his way down the empty hall to the garage where Dean was already revving the Impala’s engine.
“That’s a cue. It’s basically your bat in this game. You remember when we watched a baseball game together in the Dean Cave right?” Dean seemed to read the angel’s mind.
Castiel noticed the sun begin to crest on the horizon and looked down at Dean. He was about to point out the oncoming sunrise when he noticed Dean’s eyes had shut and he was resting his head against the angel's chest as soft snores escaped his mouth.
“I do remember. Sam says Dean yells at you a lot because he is not good with his feelings. Do you think that is true?” Jack was still staring down at the box in his hands.
He had everything he needed so he told himself that he had nothing to cry over. Sam knew this so as he looked down into Jack’s worried eyes, he let the lie slip from his lips and just hoped that Jack, like everyone else, would believe him.
“I have heard that shopping malls have a wide variety of goods to choose from and I am unsure exactly what I am looking for so this seems to be the place to go.”
Dean stared into Castiel’s eyes as his hand seemingly moved on its own. It found its way up the angel’s arm and grasped the back of his shoulder, effectively pulling them even closer together. Dean saw Castiel smile at the gesture and recognized the affection in his eyes. His stomach flipped at the sight and he felt his knees go weak but Castiel’s strong arm around his waist kept him upright.
“Hm...Well, it does appear you have connected four of your chips. I guess it seems you have beaten me yet again.” Castiel attempted to remain stoic but he felt the smile creeping into his voice.
Of course, that never happened. Instead, I lost the fight and became a demon maniac and beat the Hell outta you. You could have killed me then couldn’t you?”
The entire group stared in disbelief at Jack’s comment as the Nephilim looked up from his pail. His amber eyes gleamed with youth and mischief as he laughed at their stares. It was as if nothing could bring the boy more joy than to see his family on their knees in shock and laughter. That was eminent as the light from his eyes wavered over the sand as he rocked back and forth in fits of giggles while Claire joined in.
The trio found an empty booth in the back corner of the room. Castiel elected to take the empty seat on Dean’s side to leave room for Eileen when she arrived. It was oddly pleasant sitting with the Winchesters in a bar.
After years of fighting the good fight, Dean was ready for something new. It had been decades of last calls and one-night stands. Never was there a person, an open set of arms that drew him in and made him a home. Never had there been love like this before and the man was ready to let it all go, the anger, the guilt, the stress, and just dive in.
He rolled his eyes and took one last glance towards the happy couple kneeling in the low tides. It was just enough motivation to get Dean off his chair, on his feet, and walking towards the busy boardwalk.
Castiel nodded to pretend he understood. He seemed to do a lot of that on Dean’s behalf. Earlier that night he had been sitting in his room while talking to Jack when Sam came inside and asked him if he wanted to go out. Jack was insistent on staying and playing with Miracle but Castiel decided to go anyway.
“I need your help” Eileen eventually responded after pushing away the tears that had managed to begin to prick around her eyes.
Dean cursed under the angel’s weight as he settled the body on the empty dining room table. He would wrap the body for a proper funeral after the deed was done. He had to take that thing out before it did more irreparable damage to this world or any other. Taking care of that beast upstairs was more important than anything else at the moment yet Dean could not leave Castiel like that, so open and vulnerable, in the middle of the room.
Claire raised her hands in surrender as she spoke. “Jeez. What’s so important about this place anyways?”
He looked up and rose to his feet again, taking notice of the area around him. The blast zone was just like that which he created around Dean’s grave those many years ago when they met in Hell.
“You took my family from me. Now I’m going to take everything from you!” One of her hands let go of his jacket and found its way to his neck lifting him higher as the rebar began to touch the fabric on his back.
“Yeah, you weren’t imagining things. Something is off with him. I don’t know what’s going on in his head but I’m scared, Eileen. He’s really starting to worry me. I’ve never seen him that angry. Not since he had the Mark. Even then it wasn’t really him.”
Then Cas, he just looked at me and told me he had an idea, that he had made a deal with the Empty to save Jack’s life and that when the terms were met the Empty would take him forever. He said it would come when he allowed himself to be truly happy”
When Dean finally pulled away from the embrace, Castiel was still sobbing so he did all he could think of. Dean knew one thing that always made him feel better when he was upset after a nightmare as a child. He leaned up against the wall and pulled Castiel against his chest and rocked him slowly. As he rocked, Dean began to hum “Hey Jude”.
Dean smirked and the concerns dissipated into nothing with Castiel’s voice. “Where did you learn to dance anyways?”
“No, you’re not. I broke your nose and by the looks of it, you just came from a hunt. Let me help you.”
Dean glared at the bottle as he filled the two glasses. “And so what if it is? Are you seriously going to stop me?” the hunter snapped while setting the bottle back onto the tabletop. As he spoke, Dean noticed Castiel flinch and his voice instantly softened. “Look man, I’m sorry. I’ve just been stressed and had a long last couple of weeks.”
Dean sighed and gave up. As he met his friend’s eyes once again he responded. “38 days.” The answer came with no thought. Dean didn’t need to think. He had been counting since the day Castiel left.
Sam zipped his bag and tossed it on his bed. He was about to grab his coat when he felt the urge to stop. He sunk into a seated position at the foot of the mattress and propped his elbows on his knees. Sam couldn’t stop the sudden tears from coming, no matter how hard he tried.
She wailed as her body began to give out on her, the poison coursing through her veins. She attempted to claw at his hands, eyes, neck, anything she could reach but she was too far gone. The poison ripped the strength from her body and Dean watched with a wicked grin as he stepped towards his fallen weapon.
Jody waved out her driver’s side window as she pulled out of the lot, the worry still stained on her face. Eileen watched the car get smaller and smaller as Jody drove into the horizon, only entering her car once Jody’s had disappeared from her line of sight.
Dean nodded and returned to his place against Castiel’s chest. The angel carded his fingers through Dean’s hair once again and listened as Dean hummed to the music playing through the open windows of the Impala. Their eyes returned to the sky which now lightened to a deep sapphire. The stars, while fading from sight, still gleamed against the oncoming light.
“Not at all!” Everyone whipped around in surprise to see Jack standing with a small wrapped box in his hands. “What? You guys didn’t seriously think I would miss his party, did you? He baked me a cake by hand on my birthday.”
Everything fell into place from a global supernatural cool down to a perfect routine in a family bunker. Birthdays were celebrated, holidays were welcomed, and time no longer was the enemy, but a welcome friend as it passed.
The scenery only changed when Dean managed to pull himself away and tug them down the cooling sand towards their little family. Despite the late hour, everyone remained on the beach enjoying the warm night in its entirety. Sam and Eileen were softly talking while curled up on a blanket together and Claire and Jack were building what looked like a sandcastle army by the glow of his amber eyes.
“Here, it looks like you could really use this.” He turned to notice Dean offering him the beer with a wink and his usual smirk.
She knew it would be no good, so with a shaky breath, Eileen forced herself to press on Sam’s contact and he picked up within seconds. Eileen smiled at this assuming he was dying to see her just as much as she wanted to see him. Her smile wavered when she saw his face though, it was obvious something was troubling him deeply.
The angel smirked and dropped his hand to the miles of tabletop between the pair. “I remember sacrificing myself to ensure your escape from Lucifer in the other world before Jack was born. I remember coming to in a beautiful field surrounded by the peaceful buzzing of bees as they littered the grass in their search for nectar. I remember holding you tight for reassurance I was truly home when you came for me by that phone booth.
“You don’t have to. This isn’t really a request.” Jack laid it on thick, praying to Dean that he was doing this right.
I have also just posted another one shot based on the request for some baby Jack Kline content! If you would like to see one of your requests put to paper, put it in the comments of one of my works or message me on my tumblr, rowanspn!
Sam smirked knowingly as one of his fonder memories was prodded by Eileen’s response. This time, however, his memory was not laced with sadness, regret, or guilt. Over the years he had done his grieving, especially recently, and he had moved on. Sam still appreciated Jess and a piece of him would always love the young woman that had been his escape for a little while, but he was a different man now. He liked to think he was stronger and better. He was a hero, a friend, a brother, and a guardian. Life kept moving and he had finally come to understand that his guilt in the past did not need to govern his future. Because of this, Sam smiled in acknowledgment, his fond memory of Jess was gone as soon as it came, and Sam kissed the love of his life deeply.
Sam released Eileen from his tight embrace and held her face in his hands. His body had protected her from the brunt of the blast and Sam was majoridly unscathed. He scanned her for injuries and when he realized that she was still in one piece, he turned to survey the area and assess the situation.
Castiel’s eyes clamped shut and he pulled Jack into a tight hug. The angel blade clanged to the floor as he embraced his son and slid a few feet from the pair.
When the next verse started, Sam was surprised to hear a grating voice come from the front seat as Castiel joined in, knowing every single word. He laughed at Dean’s shocked face but his brother’s smile was telling. Dean obviously adored the angel.
Jack looked towards Castiel and as if on cue, every angel standing below them dropped to one knee and bowed their heads in respect to salute their new commander.
“Wow. Excited about unattached drifter Christmas this year, aren’t we?” Sam had scoffed when he sat down next to his older brother, seemingly commenting on the care his older brother took in dressing and styling.
“Oh yes. As soon as Castiel is comfortable leading the charge, we’re going to change things up there: make the Heaven everyone deserves.”
Castiel reveled in Dean’s grin and let the man take the lead as they soaked in the final orange rays of the sun as it set across the lines of tents and booths gracing the boardwalk. They passed stand after stand and took in the wide variety of goods and services offered. Some boasted the best street corn in the state while others offered massages for travel-weary tourists. These were not the ones that caught Dean’s eye.
Eileen sat down next to him on the bed and kissed him on the cheek. “You have. I just wanted to make sure you still feel that way.”
Jack smiled into his cup after his first couple sips and met Sam’s curious look. “I like apple juice. It is much sweeter than cranberry juice and is much less acidic than orange juice. It’s pleasant.”
The three of them watched as the figure turned to face them, raising its hand in a wave. The voice came calmly as it spoke.
The angel laughed at his boy’s animated and completely accurate statement before returning to scour the tables and displays for something just right. Just as he was ready to give up the search, Castiel noticed something on a small shelf and it brought a careful smile to his lips. Without another thought, both Jack and his choices were paid for, and joined the countless other trinkets in his increasingly burdensome pack.
Castiel nodded his head in the direction of the bag to encourage Dean to keep looking. Dean reached back inside and his hand found something else that was soft. When he pulled his arm out, Dean found he was holding a small stuffed animal Scooby-Doo.
Still, he could not ease the small flame of hope that he would be crossing to something far better. He did not deserve Heaven, but if he did somehow make it to paradise, he knew what he would see. He would be able to spend eternity in his best memories and he knew exactly which ones those would be. At least in Heaven, he could spend forever with his brother, Eileen, and his beloved dog. He would have no need to miss them because they would be with him forever.
“I know there’s no way I can go back and fix that and there’s no way I can go back and change what happened with Cas, but what I can do is stick it out and hunt some monsters because that is what I do. It’s the only thing I can do.”
Benny had been a good friend and had even saved Castiel’s life once. Maybe Dean hadn’t let himself think about it seriously before, but he had cared about Benny in a more than just friends way. Maybe it wasn’t the same way he had about Cassie and Lisa, but it wasn’t the same as people like Garth either.
“Why, so you could stop me?” Castiel instantly regretted the bitter tone when the words came out. He wasn’t angry with Dean: he was angry with himself and Dean didn’t deserve the irrational lashing. “I’m sorry.”
Dean seemed to recognize Castiel’s hesitance and confusion because he approached him quickly. Castiel tilted his head sideways as Dean grasped his cue and began to rub the cube on the narrow tip. His fingers brushed Castiel’s as he did so and the angel felt himself drawn forward unconsciously.
Sam looked up at her in surprise but smiled. “I’ve always wanted something more permanent. I thought I told you that.”
“Claire, I did not drive six hours to pick you up since you would prefer a car ride instead of flying just so you could complain about the destination,” Castiel grumbled as he walked past her towards the building.
Dean’s hands flew to his ears as the shriek grew to eardrum-breaking levels, similar to the day he crawled out of the grave after Castiel had raised him from perdition. Dean couldn’t help but think of that day and how terrified he had been when the gas station began to shake. Now his terror was far more overwhelming and just like that day when the screaming ended, Dean was left on the floor cradling his ears, surrounded in glass.
Sam always figured it was because they were family but this made so much more sense. He never really considered that Castiel would miss the place that conditioned and tormented him so much. Sam knew that Castiel had a life before he met the Winchesters but he never had seriously considered what it was like.
Dean finally looked up and met his brother’s eyes, his vision blurry from the river of tears pouring out of his own. His cheeks were covered in streams of them and he could feel them beginning to soak his robe. Dean pulled the robe around himself tighter, desperate for comfort.
Unfortunately, being part of their family also came with emotional constipation and other hangups and Sam wanted to prevent Jack from developing any of those vices. To try to keep Jack’s development in check, he talked to the boy a lot, particularly about his emotions.
ALSO! If you need a safe place to express yourself freely this month, my ask/message box on my tumblr, rowanspn, is always open! Nobody deserved to feel alone or invalidated this month especially!
As the afternoon hours weaned into the late evening, guests came and went as they pleased, leaving Dean with an ever-turning rotation of attendees to greet and send off. By the time the numbers had reached just their closest friends and family, Dean was exhausted and a bit overwhelmed: his social battery had run dry.
“She just started squeezing my heart like she wanted me to suffer. Cas practically carried me through the bunker just trying to escape her. The whole time I could feel her and he was just dragging me down the halls, doing his best to get me out of there. He told me he had me as if that would make me feel safe in any way.”
Claire turned to look at Dean and somehow, someway, her hard demeanor dropped and left a caring interior bare for the world to see. “I would say something sappy about you not needing to be able to say it out loud, but that’s not really my thing. I do know, however, that he is denser than an iron broadsword and will need you to do at least something to get the message across. Actions louder than words and all that jazz.”
Hello Lovelies! So excited to get this chapter out to you! I have also just posted my first requested one shot on my AO3 account. Be sure to check it out to see what I think Castiel does while Dean is asleep! If you have any themes, ships, or things you wish made it to the big screen, drop it in the comments here or send me a request on my tumblr, rowanspn, and I will be sure to give it some thought!
“Like a night much like this one. Quiet, serene, and a sky full of stars. It was peaceful until someone began to summon me from a shabby barn in the middle of nowhere.”
“Sam!” Eileen screamed as she hacked away at her vampire, catching him in the shoulder. He managed to grab the blade and rip it out of her hand while punching her square in the jaw, sending her tumbling to the ground at Sam’s side.
Let me know what you think in the comments down below! It is your comments that keep me writing! You have all been so wonderful and I look forward to growing with you as this story develops!
Hello Lovelies! Thank you so much for your well wishes this week! As a special thank you I tookk some time today inbetween study sessions to finalize the chapter you all have been waiting for!
Dean grabbed the vampire by the front of her shirt and dragged her to her feet, pinning her against the edge of the rebar.
I also want to build paradise. I want to build a Heaven that reminds them of their homes on Earth where they can travel with their loved ones to their most treasured places. They deserve to be able to build lives together where they know nothing but peace and tranquility. I want Heaven to be a home for them without pain, a home where every soul coincides in harmony.”
“Sammy? I’m back! I got that arugula crap you wanted! Sam?” Dean called as he pushed his way through the bunker door and found it odd that he heard no immediate response. He stepped over to the railing and all the lights in the bunker suddenly flicked on, revealing a library packed full of hunters, family, and friends alike.
“I wasn’t lying that day when we beat Chuck. When I told you that Cast...he summoned the Empty, I wasn’t lying. I wasn’t telling you everything either. We were in Death’s library when I stupidly picked a fight with Billie. I should never have tried to take her but I was just so angry. Then she told us that it was Chuck wiping our friends off the map, not her. I let my guard down and screwed it all up.”
“And I don’t want the world to see me!” Sam screamed into the air as Jack laughed along with the music.
Castiel quickly shucked his overcoat off of his shoulders and wrapped it around Dean’s. “I distinctly remember offering this to you if you ever needed it.”
Instead, he gripped Castiel’s hand like he would never let go and tugged him towards the blanket Sam and Eileen were sharing. They settled onto it side by side and stared up at the Heavens with a newfound freedom that could compare to no other sweetness ever tasted.
“Well,” Dean started with a bit of excitement in his voice. “What interested you, buddy? Anything I can treat you to?”
All the while Dean stuffed the photos in his wallet, Castiel tugged him down the boardwalk by their linked hands, and they kissed yet again under the dim light of the constellations above, their laughter refused to set them free. It was intoxicating and they grew high off their ecstasy as it swept over and through them. Not the stars in the Heavens nor the flames in Hell below could overpower the strength of their indulgence as they gripped onto each other for purchase and it was perfect.
With all that being said, I hope you enjoy this chapter. We have some REAL fluff coming up soon! Stay tuned and be sure to let me know what you think!!!
“Dean,” the angel hissed while clambering out of the booth with less grace than he was willing to admit. “What was that?”
Jody began to quiet near the end of her question when she noticed the sad look on Eileen’s face. “Oh please tell me they aren't, you know…”
He carefully hoisted Castiel’s body in his arms and groaned around the dead weight as he rose to his feet. The trek to the small house was a short one but oh how it ached like a marathon. Every step burned his feet as if he were walking through Hell anew. It was possible that this would be his Hell, after all, he just lost everything. His best friend, his mother, and his hope, they were all gone.
“So with the help of the angels, I want to rip down Heaven’s walls. I want to break down every wall separating the souls from one another. Every soul deserves to be able to see one another and spend eternity at peace together.
My blog on tumblr, rowanspn, is a safe space for all...and I mean ALL, LGBTQIA+ people and I am always happy to make a new friend. If you ever need a fellow member to talk to, message me over there and we can be valid together!
In other news, we have reached the final ten chapters of Unity! Can you believe it? I never imagined this would go this far, but I am so thankful you have all supported me through this journey. To celebrate, I decided we could all benefit from some good ol' fashioned Sam and Jack bonding! Be sure to let me know what you think!
Dean smiled but didn’t need to think about the question before he responded. “Well, if you needed to get my attention and you said Dad, I would respond.”
He couldn't remember when Eileen had left which made Dean feel incredibly guilty. He was too far engrossed in his own self-loathing that he hadn’t even noticed when his brother’s girlfriend walked out.
HAPPY PRIDE MONTH LOVELIES!!!!! To celebrate I bring you, the cutest ship to have ever sailed! Can I get some Claire and Kaia, implied Jody and Donna, AND Castiel and Dean in this chapter to celebrate???? YES I CAN!!!! Be sure to let me know what you think in the comments down below!
Hello Lovelies! So it begins! The big hunt is in full swing! Just a little warning, this chapter will start a trend of canon-typical violence so if that is triggering, please be careful when reading!
As the lights went out a few of the children in the group gasped but their parents hushed them gently. The group stood at attention and craned their necks to listen for Dean’s arrival. Most of the attendees had only heard stories of the legend of Dean Winchester but everyone in the room knew how much he had been through recently and just wanted him to have one good day.
Dean approached the topic tentatively. “Don’t worry Sammy. I ain’t planning on going full hair rock. I just don’t cut my own hair, don’t trust you to do it for me, no offense, and don’t want someone I don’t know touching me right now. Not after everything we’ve...I’ve been through.” Dean absently tugged at his hair, seemingly forgetting the dog peacefully resting at his feet.
Eileen’s thumb ghosted hesitantly over the name on her screen: Sam. It seemed to be the hundredth time that week that she tried to work up the courage to call him, even just to see his face for a few minutes. This time, however, it would be strictly business, and that should have made it easier. Eileen kicked herself inwardly for her cowardice. It was alright she had not called him every other time, but this call was important. She needed his help. More accurately, she needed help from the Men of Letters and their vast expanse of lore on monsters.
Eileen squealed as Sam lunged at her and shoved her into the bed while kissing her all over her face. For the second time that day, the world faded from around them. Eileen and Sam moved as one and let the rest of the bunker and everything surrounding them fade from existence because none of it mattered nearly as much as the feeling of being in one another’s arms.
Sam heard Castiel chuckle from the front seat and he couldn’t agree more. Jack was definitely a Winchester. He threw his arm around Eileen and pressed a kiss to her temple as he ruffled Jack’s hair at the same time.
He led Jack out of the tent and down the boardwalk once again, careful to keep a close eye on the boy in the busy swarm of bodies. In all honesty, it was nearly impossible to lose him with the seven-foot unicorn bear in his arms, but Castiel enjoyed watching Jack. No soul in the universe seemed to gleam quite as bright.
“Yes. I remember. How do I use it?” He watched other couples at the billiards tables around them and attempted to imitate their stances.
Yet again, Castiel was fixing one of Dean’s messes. The angel could only imagine what his brothers and sisters would say if they saw him now. They would berate him and disown him for his blind faith in the man. He would be humiliated for his low actions.
Sam nodded enthusiastically as he spoke. “Yeah. I can’t feel it but I’m sure it's probably an angel thing. I’ve noticed that he seems exhausted all the time and he’s been getting lost in his thoughts a lot more frequently lately.”
His thoughts drifted to his ramshackle family. Sam had spent far too many years worrying about him anyways. Without Dean, his little brother could move on from the life and make a home with Eileen and Miracle. He was the one that dragged Sam back into it and ruined his life. Maybe his death could finally set things right and then they would all be able to move on and be fine without him.
“But I want to.” Dean took a deep breath before finally letting go of the words he had been working towards for years. “I love you too.”
Castiel continued. “I remember confessing that everything I do is for you. Then you convinced me to rebel against Heaven, my family, everything I had ever known, to help you avert the apocalypse. And then I chose to give my life for yours by throwing that bottle at Michael to give you time with your brother.”
Sam watched as Jack beamed from his seat next to him. “I would do anything for you guys. You’re my family.”
“It has been a confusing last couple of hours.” Castiel started. “I’m still trying to understand exactly what happened. I know you came in to get me and then woke me up here but the change has been jarring.”
“Yes. It seems you have rubbed off on me over the years.” Castiel smiled at the man blushing increasingly darker in the dim light. “In any case, I remember you trying so hard to be loyal when I was working with Crowley. I remember the guilt for betraying you.
Despite the comment being barely audible, Sam nodded, the faintest of smiles flicking the left corner of his mouth upwards. He decided to test out the waters now that Dean was more comfortable.
The camera flashed again and Castiel’s eyes squinted shut as it did so, his grimace deepening along with the furrow of confusion in his brow. Dean struggled to wipe the tears from his eyes and gripped his sides for purchase as he doubled over in laughter. At the last second, a brilliant idea crossed his mind and Dean tightened his grip around the angel’s shoulders so he could stick his hand behind his head in the bunny ears symbol.
“Good” Jack took a deep breath to steady himself and prepare for his request. “I want to make a deal with you. I can offer what you want most in this world. Just as much as I can deprive you of your rest, I can also return you to your eternal slumber.
Castiel parked the Impala in the middle of the field near the bunker. Its weeping willows softly swayed in the wind and filled the air with the shuffling of their shoots. It had been two weeks since the great fight between Jack and the Shadow and the March air was crisp and the night was cool as it gently turned the spokes of the little windmill.
He held it out for her to see and smiled faintly. “I’m not quite sure if he will like it, but it reminded me of him when I saw it.”
Sam knew there was nothing he could say to change how Dean felt so they sat in silence for a few minutes before Sam gently nudged the glass and plate back towards Dean with a wide-eyed look that begged him to eat something.
Hello Lovelies. I am so sorry I have not been updating as regularly as usual. I fear this may continue for a bit because things have been a bit rough lately. If you are on my wait list for a fic request, please have patience and expect a longer turn around for the fic you requested. I promise the wait will be worth it!
Dean couldn’t help the nervous laugh at the angel’s sincerity. “Not anymore. I fired at what I thought was a demon coming to kill me. Then like you put it, you changed my life forever.
Castiel watched as Dean threw the car into park and swiftly got out. He quickly exited the car close behind and found his way to the hunter’s side. Castiel’s gaze drifted to the man as Dean ran his hand through his hair and joked with Sam. His profile in the evening darkness illuminated softly by passing car headlights was breathtaking.
He removed the cloth from Castiel’s face in a final prayer that the angel would return to him. Dean needed that angel to give him one last miracle. When the eyes remained shut and the face remained stoic, Dean disappointedly returned the sheet to Castiel's face.
Castiel looked at the man in curiosity as he adjusted the angel’s aim. “If you hit at that angle, you’ll go straight through the table.” He joked as he lowered Castiel’s elbow to a more horizontal position.
“I was really hoping you would call” He seemed more sure of himself now, but she could still sense something was off because his hands seemed to be shaking more than hers as he signed while he spoke.
Sam and Castiel had piled into the Impala where Dean was already drumming away at the steering wheel. The angel had felt his cheeks warm when he noticed what the man was wearing. He was wearing his usual dark-washed jeans and boots, but unlike usual, had opted for a white tee shirt and suit coat as well as styled his hair.
Sam laughed as he dumped another case of soda into a cooler full of ice. “Honestly? Probably the best I’ve been in a while. How are the kids?”
“We brought more stuff!” Claire called as she jumped to the floor from the second step. “We got more streamers, tape, spiral hanging things, and a couple of those cheesy “Happy Birthday” banners.”
“I, um…” Sam started, and Eileen noticed his tell-tale signs of nervousness. He raked his hands through his hair and refused to make eye contact with the camera. Once he did she noticed what seemed to be the faintest hint of tears in his eyes.
A knock at the door alerted Jack to bookmark the prayer he was listening to and he rose to his feet, beckoning the visitor to enter. Jack watched as Rosangelle entered with her usual tray of treats and drink for him.
The man turned his body to fully face the angel and leave his guard behind. If the angel was going to put himself out there, it was only fair Dean did as well and he was terrified: terrified of rejection, of the unknown, of the seemingly inevitable, of losing his best friend.
“Goo Goo Dolls? Really?” Dean laughed from the front seat and Jack nodded enthusiastically while he sang.
As the fingers constricted around his throat, Dean allowed himself to let go. His arms dropped to his sides as he prepared to die. When he crossed and went to Hell he would at least be able to tell himself that he was atoning for his mistakes in life. He could spend the rest of eternity convincing himself that it was what he deserved and that it was just. That would be easy.
Sam left the table again, this time returning with a glass of water and a slice of cherry pie. He felt a pang in his chest when even this was not able to bring a smile to his brother’s face.
Castiel gently set Dean down on the hood and carefully fixed the quilt back around his shoulders. He gathered a few pillows from the backseat of the car and arranged them on the windshield for Dean to rest on.
By the time he returned to the kitchen, Dean was back to the table, messing with Miracle’s fur behind his ears. Sam smirked and began filling the kitchen sink with hot soapy water and grabbed a new rag. As he began to scrub the bucket, Sam noticed Dean had also shaved and even styled his hair again, although he had elected not to trim the lengthening cut.
Jack looked at him with a goofy smile and reloaded his pistol just as Sam and Dean had taught him. Sam laughed when he noticed Jack mumbling the steps and instructions to reload under his breath as he meticulously played with the gun.
“Will you now? I can tell you for certain that no matter what you do, I will be leaving this place alive. The state I leave you in depends on you. Tell me, would you like to go back to sleep? With a snap of my fingers, I can make sure that never happens. Ever. Again.”
“You know, just because you’re God now, doesn’t mean you mean any less to us. You’re still our kid and we love you.” He looked towards the boy in earnest as he spoke.
He spent the next few hours cleaning the room until it was spotless. He could have just used his grace to fix things in an instant, but he preferred to keep himself occupied as long as possible to keep his mind off recent events.
Their noses brushed and Castiel leaned forward to catch the man’s lips with his own but Dean had moved away. The man tugged Castiel by their linked pinkies to the Impala and led him inside. Castiel was unsure what exactly he had in mind but decided that no matter what Dean chose, he would follow the man to the ends of the Earth and beyond.
“So you really played it huh? Nice job.” Sam complimented Jack and laughed at the smile he got in return.
“No offense pal, but the way you left me, that’s been one of the biggest burdens I’ve ever carried.” Dean absently raised the glass to his lips, immediately lowering it to the table again when he remembered it was empty.
Dean carefully swaddled the sleeping infant in its sheet and lifted him into his arms. “I guess we have some shopping to do on our way home.”
I wanted to thank several commenters for their continued support. The amazing Match_less, runnerfiveisacat, ProudPigeon, asfaloth12, Tomscat, NicNack4U, Hidjo, Zofo, LuciaKimZhang, Rapunzel, Castiel_deserved_better, King_Zacharyy, and so many more of you amazing commenters and readers have given me just what it takes to get this out. This was my first fanfic and looking back on the journey I started in March, I am confident that without all of your amazing support, I would have not nearly made it this far. This fic would likely have been stopped too soon or abandoned entirely. You all built this fic for yourselves through your support. Thank you.
“I just want you to know who I am!” Dean’s voice softened with the line as he turned to look at Castiel.
“Dean. I know what I said the last time we spoke and I meant everything I said. You deserve to know how everyone sees you, how I see you. I had hoped that if you heard it genuinely, you might finally value yourself the way I value you.
“Well, he is so scram.” Dean’s voice deepened and Castiel turned to see the glare on his face had darkened.
“No!” He screamed as he managed to get a leg hooked around the vampire’s knee and pulled forward, sending her crumpling to the ground.
The group laughed and Jack helped Sam drag the coolers into the library where most of the guests were waiting. They had alerted the group to stay out of the war room to keep Dean from seeing them when he came back.
“Hiya there folks. My name is Tiffany and I’ll be your waitress today. Is there anything I can get you guys started off with drink-wise?” Tiffany was far too chipper but Jack seemed to enjoy it so Sam simply smiled at the boy.
“But you didn’t,” Dean continued. “You had the strength to fight back, but you refused. You didn’t want to hurt me so you let me lose it on you. To this day there is not a moment I don’t wish that was different.
Jack sat in his throne room and listened to the prayers that were racing through his head. In the last few months, he had perfected his schedule and reserved the exact amount of time needed for listening to prayers, making angels, and directing Heaven to ensure that he could visit the bunker every few days with minimal consequence.
Hello Lovelies! Another day, another chapter! This one has some blood and references to violence in it. I will be including warnings before each chapter in case those themes may be upsetting for readers.
“I will not leave you. You will never be alone ever again.” Castiel whispered against the man’s hair and hugged him tighter.
He watched as Dean told Team Free Will 2.0 that Castiel was taken by the Empty. He watched all the events in Heaven, Jack making his deal with the Shadow, the group planning to bring Castiel back, and finally Dean diving into the rift to save him. Castiel watched as Dean jumped out of the rift, cradling him in his arms.
Castiel nodded and followed his instruction. He rounded the table to the side where the cue ball would be easiest to reach. He scanned the table and took notice of the setup: it was a straight shot between one of his balls and the side pocket.
This time Dean felt Castiel return the embrace. His arms wrapped tightly around the hunter’s waist, pulling Dean closer than what should have been humanly possible. Castiel allowed his face to drop onto Dean’s shoulder and he sobbed, the anxiety and fear finally releasing from his body.
Castiel stood there for what could have been hours, gripping the flannel in one hand and tracing the letters over and over again with the other, when he felt a gentle hand on his shoulder.
Castiel thought about this comment as well as the surprised look on Sam’s face the rest of the drive to their usual bar. He caught Dean’s eye in the rearview mirror several times and felt his stomach flutter with each meeting.
He screamed out his frustrations as he tore tree after tree apart. Dean let the hiking sobs and broken gasps echo around him as he stacked the wood into neat piles to make room for more chopping.
Hello Lovelies! I hope you're enjoying so far. Leave a comment down below to let me know your thoughts and recommendations! This chapter is just a little shorter, but the action really gets going!
Dean felt the air shift as Sam’s chair creaked and he peered at his brother through his bangs. Sam was staring intently at him, but his gaze wasn’t focused. It was obvious he was deep in thought as if he was piecing the story together as Dean spoke.
Dean did as he was told, not having the energy to pick a fight. He curled into the chair he was sitting at, staring intently at the table as he fiddled with the bandages and Sam disappeared into the hallway.
He approached it and felt his cheeks spread into a wide smile. Dean might not have any particular use for the items on the shelf, but they reminded him of the hunter. Without a second thought, he picked one of the items up and walked towards the register where Claire was waiting with a shopping bag.
Jack looked at him with a small smile as if he had no idea the fireworks he had just set off in Castiel’s mind. “Are you guys going to fix it?”
He slammed his fists into the ground and the valley shook from the force. A shock wave carried across the dirt and singed grass and he struck the ground once more. He couldn’t stop his fists from pounding the dirt.
Jack brought his hand up to the Shadow’s face for emphasis, fingers ready to snap at a moment’s notice as he spoke each word with that bitter punch he learned from Sam and Dean. He hoped the Shadow was buying it because he desperately hated talking to people this way. He hated being mean and threatening others, especially when he was so uncomfortable.
He noticed another warmth reach his chest as he picked up his chip. He could easily cut off Jack’s row and keep the game going, but Jack was so sweet. Castiel thought about it for a moment and was reminded of how Dean raised Sam. Castiel had always looked to Dean for advice and reassurance so, at that moment, he did what Dean would have done for Sam and dropped the chip.
“How original.” Dean let his arm drop and continued leading the angel through the crowd. It had greatly thinned throughout the day and was steadily leaving them as some of the only people left under the sunset. “Why don’t you and I try out some of these places? That is if Jack didn’t drag you to every one of ‘em.”
Sam smiled as he watched Dean go. Miracle followed close behind, practically stepping on his older brother’s heels as he walked. Sam could tell that Miracle sensed Dean was in a better mood, even if it was only temporary. The dog seemed to be ecstatic and it looked like he wasn’t going to let the guy out of his sight which brought a smile to Sam’s lips.
He pressed his lips to the man’s forehead gently before letting go of his chin and Dean settled against his chest once again. Castiel’s gaze returned to the sky once again and his free hand found its way to Dean’s head to card through his hair.
“Alright, what kind of mood are we in? I’ve got orange soda, root beer, and a beer for me.” Dean looked over his shoulder to the boy while digging through the ice.
Sam grimaced before he answered. “I’m not sure. I just heard them walking down the hall to Dean’s room and then the door slammed and now they’re screaming at each other. As much as I want them to work it out, I also know how stubborn Dean is and this is probably the only way they will. I just know that Jack shouldn’t have to listen to it. He might be God now, but he’s still a kid and shouldn’t have to listen to his parents fighting.”
His body filled with the warm tendrils of that contentment and as soon as they reached his cheeks and burned the tips of his ears, reality came crashing down on him. Dean lifted his head to say something, perhaps an apology for the contact but noticed all too late how close their heads were when his lips brushed Castiel’s cheek in an involuntary kiss just as the second flash went off.
Hello Lovelies! Happy Confessionversary! To celebrate the six month anniversary of our heartfelt ship becoming canon, I have worked tirelessly to get this chapter ready for you all early! To celebrate, here is a Castiel centric chapter because who doesn't love our little heart-eyed angel?
“Cas…” Dean whispered. He was so tired and he just wasn’t ready for the conversation he felt coming.
“So what’s so important that you had to drag me all the way out here without telling me what’s going on?” She clipped as she turned her face to the driver’s seat.
“Come on. You fight like Hell to get the team back together after Chuck was gone, you round us all up for this paradise city vacation, you even let Sam mother hen you into reapplying sunscreen. What gives?”
The cue cracked the white ball as Castiel threw it forwards. He was fairly confident in his aim this time. Unfortunately, it was futile and the ball missed the one he was aiming for. Castiel’s shoulders slumped in sadness thinking that Dean must be disappointed in him for being unable to master one of his favorite games.
“It’s Dean, isn’t it? That’s why Sam and Eileen took me out of the bunker last week. You guys were fighting and they didn’t want me to hear it.” Jack frowned at the box in his hands as he contemplated his question.
Jack’s grin spread across his face and he bound up the stairs to the door of the bunker while Eileen and Sam trailed behind.
Dean quickly brushed a hand down his face to rid it of the single tear that managed to escape and made his way down the stairwell to the crowd. He dropped the bags in his hand onto the map table and pulled Sam into a stiff hug.
Castiel brought one of his hands up to Dean’s face and cupped his cheek. The man seemed surprised but leaned into the touch. He gently stroked his thumb across the freckles he so dearly loved and leaned forward to kiss the man’s left cheekbone where he had been stroking.
Hello Lovelies! Final exam week is upon me which means it will be unlikely I will have the time to finish up the next chapter until next week so i wanted to get this one to you a little early. I will be sure to post if at all possible since things are about to get really juicy!
“And I don’t want the world to see me!…” Dean slapped the wheel as he sang the words loud and proud.
“I righted a wrong I should have changed ages ago. The Shadow was upsetting the peace. The universe didn’t need it anyway. I’m in charge of the Empty now but I don’t intend to keep it. I’m the light. Amara will watch over it better than I can. She is far more reasonable than the Shadow ever was and with her in charge of everything dark and empty and I in charge of everything light and full, the universe will finally be truly in balance.”
Castiel smiled and adjusted his pack to even out its weight. “I saw a stand offering snow cones earlier. I would like to try that.”
They sat in silence for a few minutes before Dean couldn’t take it any longer. He got up and walked to the fridge. Upon opening it, his hand hovered contemplatively over a few beer bottles before settling on a bottle of scotch in a nearby cupboard instead. He grabbed a few glasses from the cupboard as well before returning to the table.
“I’m listening” the Shadow responded, voice wavering, as it took the slightest of steps backward to put some distance between itself and the Nephilim in front of it.
As the trio sang, Sam felt Eileen laugh and press into his chest even closer. He felt overwhelmed by the joy and love. He gripped her close and sang even louder. He felt more free and happy than he ever thought possible for someone like him.
“Oh yeah!” Jack looked at Sam with a big smile as he took off his goggles and headphones. “They adore him! I think he loves them too but he seems kinda overwhelmed every time we’re up there. It’s been a while since he’s been in charge of so many angels so I think he’s just out of practice”
“Adorable isn’t he?” Rowena sidled up next to Dean with a tumbler of scotch in her hand. “He really is domesticated, like a stray cat who wandered into their new home and refused to leave.”
Jack rocked back and forth as he responded. “I’m not sure but I think something might be wrong with Cas.”
Dean recognized the fire as pure rage and he began to scream, kicking his legs the hardest he could, desperately trying to wriggle his way out of the vampire’s stone grip as the rebar came closer and closer to his back. The sharp metal scraped at his shirt and Dean’s fingers flamed with his fury as he clawed just as sharply at her wrists.
“I’m sorry Dean. You do not deserve the burden that has been placed on your shoulders. I can’t begin to attempt to understand the depth of the loss you must feel. I wish there was something I could do to help you.” His words were genuine and Dean finally looked him in the eye.
I mean, I totaled his room, even checking his stupid extra coats. I’ve ripped my room apart over and over again looking for it. I finally decided he must have gotten rid of it so I made a new one.”
A conniving grin spread across Castiel’s face as he gathered Dean in his arms bridal style. The man squirmed a bit to be released but it was obvious Dean was far too tired to do anything but let himself be carried to the Impala’s hood.
The final shot was Dean’s favorite. In it, he smiled at his friend while sticking out his tongue and giving him the childish bunny ears behind his head. In return, Castiel too smiled at him in wonder. It was a good picture and Dean was sure if his brother saw it, he would never hear the end of it. Despite this, Dean knew he would likely carry it with him everywhere, much like his picture of Sam with a spoon in his sleeping mouth and his picture of Castiel in the Cowboy hat from the Stampede Motel in Dodge.
The trio ate in comfortable silence for a few minutes while Sam and Eileen shared warm glances and watched Jack with smiles. When the boy got through most of his food he began to furrow his brows at the plate under him.
Sam noticed his older brother raise the angel’s hand in his own and softly press his lips to the angel’s knuckles. Sam rolled his eyes and kissed Eileen’s temple again. His brother really was a sap.
He could not stop himself from chasing that affection he so seldom received so Dean leaned into the touch. For once, he allowed himself to feel: to feel happiness, appreciation, care, and love, all things so conveyed by the slightest touch. Dean would never admit he was a touch-starved man but there in that photo booth, he gave up the facade and let himself be vulnerable with the only true friend he ever really had: the angel that made anywhere feel like home.
“Yes, Jack. I don’t want you to worry though. We have talked since and are working things out. Your fath…..Dean, he’s been through a lot recently. Quite frankly he has seen far more in the last 40 years than even I should see in my whole life. He is troubled and when something upsets him, he feels it quite deeply. I’m sure you remember the last time we talked about that.”
As per usual, I just wanted to include an angst and violence warning. New chapter coming on Tuesday. Be sure to leave comments and recommendations for future chapters!
Sam had managed to pin his vampire against the ground, Dean’s words screaming in his ears as Eileen took the vampire’s head clean off. Neither Sam nor Eileen could believe the scene that was unfolding before them. He could barely breathe as he listened to Dean’s screams. He had never heard the man sound angrier, or more sincere. It was as if Sam was watching an epiphany unfold and he couldn’t contain his shock.
Somehow, their band of misfits, “Team Free Will” as Dean liked to call them, had taught him how to be human. He had considered disobedience all because the righteous man had convinced him that free will was worth dying for. It was almost embarrassing how easily the one human had convinced him to rebel in such a short amount of time.
In reality, it wasn’t that Castiel was a guy, or in a male vessel, that was the problem. It was only a cover for what lied far deeper. Dean was terrified of what would happen if he let Castiel come close. He valued their friendship and that angel had been there for him for years. If he let himself pull Castiel in, Dean was floored by the idea of what he could lose. What if Castiel finally realized the man Dean really was and decided to leave him?
Dean hugged her tightly and buried his face in her neck while swinging her back and forth. He couldn’t contain his giddiness. Dean felt himself being tugged from behind and he turned to find Donna giving him a huge hug as well.
The man’s stomach may have already dropped through the floor, but at that comment, it plummeted even further. He took a moment to ponder what that could truly mean. Never had he believed Castiel was even capable of the love humans so commonly shared. It just didn’t seem possible and yet here the angel was reaching for Dean with a hand as gentle as the spring breeze.
Castiel set himself for another shot and surprisingly succeeded. He knew he could easily use his grace to sink every shot and win, but he far preferred Dean’s method. It was selfish but he loved the intimacy of Dean teaching him how to do anything remotely human, particularly things like this that brought them physically close together.
This was only a few people out of the billions in the world. Out there, every day, there were people struggling to pay their bills, sleeping on park benches each night, waking with perpetually empty stomachs, and praying that Death might elude them for another day. Sam woke every morning with a meal waiting, clean water, a roof over his head, a loving girlfriend, a living brother, and a mostly united family. Who was he to complain?
“I know but right now all that matters is you grabbing your crap and getting in the car.” and without another word, Dean pushed past Sam and walked out into the night.
Unfortunately, denial never worked for Dean Winchester and he knew exactly what he had to do. Jack’s wails turned to quiet whimpers before he fell asleep in Dean’s arms. He held the baby against his chest so Jack’s head would rest carefully against his heart and reached into his jacket with his free hand. Dean revealed his favorite lighter and opened it carefully.
Sam smiled at his older brother and watched the man hold the angel’s hand to his lips while he sang. The pure happiness on the man’s face made everything they had gone through almost seem worth it.
Dean let out a shaking breath and took off the oversized flannel and tossed it onto the table next to him. He turned his back to Castiel and peeled off the blood and sweat-soaked tee shirt to reveal the open wound on his back. He leaned forward and supported himself on the tabletop. The pain caused Dean’s fingers to curl around the edge of the table as he clenched his jaw and dug his blunt nails into the wood grain.
Dean returned the baby to his crib when the embers had finally snuffed out. He then meticulously ground the remnants of Castiel’s bones to ash and softly wept to himself as he did so. Eventually, the ashes found their way into a spare mason jar he found in the house and Dean inevitably fell to his knees once again as he clasped the jar to his chest and sobbed.
This kiss was much closer to the one he had anticipated and yet, it was so different. There was no heat beyond the roaring in his cheeks, no adrenaline beyond what Castiel caused in him in those fleeting moments, and no blood beyond the rushing in his ears as his heart threatened to escape from his chest. This kiss was passionate and tasted like freedom, the freedom from destiny’s narrative that he had been searching for for years.
Dean held Jack tightly as he watched Castiel burn and carefully rocked the now sleeping child. He wanted to hate Jack so badly at that moment. He was sleeping through his own father’s funeral and didn’t even know he was the reason the angel was dead.
Hello Lovelies! Big action in this chapter! I did want to warn though, this chapter has a lot of violence in it and even references possible assault/sexual assault as torture methods. Please be warned. The second is only implied but that can be just as harmful to people that have experience with such matters.
Following her lips, Eileen nodded in agreement, stumped as well until she noticed a strange symbol just underneath the woman’s ear. She put on a rubber glove and pulled the victim’s ear back to get a better look at what she was seeing.
Castiel smiled up at the Hot Topic sign and looked at Claire smugly. “I found something for you here. Did I not?”
Dean allowed his iron grip on Castiel’s coat to relax as his palm flattened against the angel’s steady heart. He had something he had been dying to say for weeks, something that burned at his eyelids when he thought too much about it at night. It was something that he had been desperate to let escape past his lips ever since Castiel was taken and only now did he have the courage to do it.
Dean’s hands clasped over Castiel’s and the angel recognized genuine fear in the man’s eyes. “Just...what if I don’t make it?”
Dean looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes and squealed the angel’s hand. “I remember the pain and sweat and dirt of Purgatory. I spent a full year looking for you because of the guilt. I dragged Benny through that whole place because I couldn’t let you go. And the number of monsters I killed to find you, I lost count after the first few weeks.
It sniffed at his neck as if suddenly noticing a change in the being in front of it. “There’s something different about you boy. I can practically taste the power coming off of you and it is delicious. Where’d you get the extra juice, honey?” The Shadow had begun circling Jack, like a lion stalking its prey.
They were a color so profound to Castiel. That green spoke of mountains and valleys he had spent his life protecting. Below them, Dean’s plains of freckles on the cold flushed skin stood out and brought a smile to the angel’s lips.
He trudged out to the Impala and threw her trunk open to grasp at the sheet inside. Dean hated that he seemed to always have to keep one on hand for a funeral but in this life, you never knew when you would need one so it was always better to have one ready and waiting. His fingers dug into the fabric so tightly he would have been surprised it didn’t tear had he been in a more observant mood. Dean draped the sheet over the body gently with a silent promise that he would return after he did his job.
“Oh my. I almost forgot to introduce you two!” Garth laughed as he watched Castiel stare. “Castiel, meet my son, Castiel. I hope you don’t mind that we named him after you.”
Castiel watched as Dean’s watery eyes met the angels. “That’s what you thought about my prayers? I mean, I know you listened to ‘em but you never told me that.”
“Yes. It’s just…” Castiel looked around the room and attempted to calm down. The normally comforting chatter of the busy bar was suddenly all too constricting and he was unsure of what to say.
“What other songs do you like?” his chip clinked on top of one of Jack’s, blocking another one of his possible wins.
The angel considered keeping his thoughts from Jack. Every parenting book he had read told him that children should not be involved in marital disputes. He knew that his and Dean’s troubles were quite far from the typical parental fights, but he figured the concept was the same. He also knew, however, that Jack did not deserve to be lied to and he did not want to encourage Jack to bottle up his feelings like his fathers did.
She had considered calling Dean instead to avoid unnecessary pain for Sam, but she knew he would not pick up. Dean had not looked well the last time Eileen saw him. As she had been leaving the bunker she saw him passed out on the map table, sleeping in a pool of what seemed to be scotch at the time but could have been any mix of alcohol and even vomit. She had shuddered to see the man so badly broken. He had lost enough weight that his shoulders looked skeletal beneath his worn shirt.
