"You do not look that way," he joked and looked questioningly at Matt, who answered in a slightly shaky voice.
Since Cas's health, apart from the coma, was currently not in great shape, Dean had to pass through a lock and got a reasonably sterile turquoise-green tunic.
For the fifth wedding anniversary, Dean had thought of something extraordinary. He had baked a cake for his husband.
That was when Cas woke up. The view was a bit cloudy, and he was too weak to open his eyes completely and talk, that did not work. But a very slight, barely noticeable movement of his right hand. Dean immediately jumped and looked at his husband.
At that time there were not many people on the street and in the deserted area where the warehouse stood, he was confronted only with absolute darkness.
Again he was pulled to his feet and scanned from top to bottom, and when asked if he was alone, Dean nodded.
Immediately, two of the patrol cars took up the chase and what happened then was only heard over the radio.
"It is said, that when a cook oversalts the soup, he is in love. And since it’s not me, because I'm trying to make you beautiful eyes for weeks ... Out with it!"
Yes, Cas felt the slight pressure of those full lips on his skin and a relieved sigh escaped his lungs. How gladly he would have kissed him back, but his reflexes did not resonate. Not yet. Emotionally and tenderly his jaw was covered with a series of kisses, and his heartbeat rose.
With the words that nothing had happened, he broke away from Gabriela, who tried to examine him. Nevertheless, he was only allowed to watch the rest of the mission.
They were unequal; a blind man saw that. He did not remember them like that. When he groped, he did not feel anything unusual, so he thought at least.
Cas had never fired a weapon. Though he knew how to do it, the figures in front of him moved so fast that he was afraid to hit the wrong one. But if he did not make a quick decision, that would be fatal. While he sent a prayer to Heaven, he squeezed the trigger.
Wow. Never had the young firefighter received such a declaration of love, and he had the feeling that Dean did not even have to think about it, as fast as those words spilled out of him. Or maybe he had memorized before ...
The scenes that took place before Cas's eyes were the greatest thing he had experienced in a long time.
Nevertheless, or therefore he did not want to sit around idly but to participate, but Voight spoke again a power word that he could not resist.
With all his strength he clung to the older man, like a drowning man, because the dark-blond had the feeling that the ground under his feet had been pulled away.
"Hey. You should talk to me when that happens. What else should it be for? "Dean replied softly and took his hand, stroking the ring. "It's not just about having sex when and where you want."
The couple waited a few seconds before they were sure she was gone, then they burst out laughing as they slipped back into bed and cuddled together.
"I love your soft hair that I can dig into." Lovingly, he stroked his fingers through his hair and scratched his neck. "I love your eyes, so beautiful, so deep, so loving, and I have the feeling that you can look deep into my soul. I love your beard," he laughed and stroked his cheeks, after which Cas grinned, and Dean put his index finger into the dimple. "And this. I love your lips." He pursed his lips with his thumb, and Cas swallowed before he opened them easily. "I love your tongue, which sends electric shocks through my body every time. I love your deep, sexy voice that triggers something in me that you can not imagine. I love your strong arms, in which I feel safe and secure. I love your tender hands at whose touch I am in seventh heaven." He lovingly took his hand, kissed each finger and smiled at the goose bumps that formed on Cas's body.
For half a year, the two lovebirds were married and still so in love that it was often too much for the others.
Then everything went in quick succession. Dean wanted to buy a new TV and pay with his credit card, but it did not work, not even after the seller pulled it through for the fourth time. Since the young policeman did not have enough small change in his pocket, he ran to the nearest ATM to get cash. When he saw that his entire account was empty, it ran hot and cold down his back.
Somewhat dizzy, since the three hours of sleep were not enough, he dragged himself out of bed. Such a 24-hour shift was already tough, but on the other hand, he was looking forward to two days off, a hot shower, a little sleep in his bed, and the afternoon when he finally saw Dean again.
Somewhat melancholy, he looked into the distance, before he continued. At the time, a friend had shown him how to use a Braille typewriter to write a letter to her. He almost gave up more than once, because he had always done something wrong.
Everyone just had to take a few moments for themselves, first to assess the situation and secondly to bring the raging heartbeat back under control as the chaos became apparent in front of their eyes: everywhere dust, screams, wounded people.
"He needs some rest now, you can come back later," the nurse said and squeezed his shoulder. Dean was so lost in thought that he did not realize she had come back.
Cas nodded, looking forward to it. The anticipation was probably a bit big because suddenly the young firefighter slipped on the ice. Immediately Dean wrapped his arm around his waist to keep him from falling.
"I love you. Any spot on your beautiful body and if you were not so heavy, I could do it for hours, but I can not hold you anymore."
"Thanks, Sarge," the policeman replied and sat down next to him at the bar for a moment, looking out of the corner of his eye at his fiancé, who was laughing and joking with his colleagues and smiled.
"I remember just sitting and watching the beautiful landscape for hours. It was freezing cold, but I did not care. As it turned out, I was cooled down with ice because I had a very strong fever."
Cas smiled proudly. Within moments, he had turned his husband into a horny, moaning mess. To return to the question ... no. No, the two of them would not be able to make it to bed, because even his fire hose was so badly jammed that it was already painful.
"I'm there. Always," Dean said, squeezing his hand harder, before closing him in a tight and loving hug and kissing his temple.
The black-haired became more and more courageous, pushing his body to Dean's. Every fiber of his body screamed to be touched, but he resisted. Instead, let his hot breath touch the other's face without touching him — cheeks, ears, neck. Then put his hands on Dean's butt, stroking slowly up and down, then slipped his hands into the back pockets of those jeans and pressed Dean firmly to his own body. Both groaned as their midst met, waves of ecstasy rushing through both bodies.
With some books in his luggage, he went back to the hospital the next day. His condition had not changed, but Dean was glad that it had not gotten worse. Another day passed, and there was not much left of Dean's intentions as he looked again at the lifeless body in bed struggling to survive.
The past weeks had shown that Castiel could rely on him. How should he get that back? Nothing happened. So drunk that he had a blackout, he was not. Again he put the bottle of whiskey to his mouth and took a generous sip.
When he left, all the policemen followed him and went back to work. It was the middle of the night, but it did not matter. Now it had to be done because everyone knew that it was a race against time.
Also on guard 51 Cas was in bed. Probably only a few minutes to briefly rest the tired eyes before the next alarm sounded. Somehow there was so much going on all day ... then the incident with Burgess, Brett, and Dawson ...
But how much the subconscious heard, you could not check. Experience has shown, however, that talking to patients and having regular touches had a positive impact on the patient's condition.
One last look into the emerald eyes before the blue ones closed and a quiver went through the firefighter's body when he felt soft lips on his own. He had waited so long for this feeling, and it was like intoxication, indescribable, magical. This kiss was everything and much more. He felt a hand grip the back of his head, grabbing a handful of his hair and pulling him close to those delicious lips.
Kim's words echoed in his ears. No, he would prove it to everyone. He would show everyone that Dean Winchester had changed. And he wanted to do it right. He and Cas did not even have a first date.
"Listen. This spell only works once. If it works, decide where you want to go." This decision was not difficult, because Dean was not obsessed. Neither an angel nor a demon.
But some planning had to be. For one, because you had to bring the fire department and the police under one hat. On the other hand, because it should be a secret, at least the chief bosses should not notice, because it could only come back to unnecessary trouble. The wedding was planned during the shift, at the guard 51.
Shaking his head, the young policeman said no. That only made the stocky, bearded man angrier and he brutally pulled Dean's head back, squeezing the photo into his face.
His fingers wandered. Over his shoulder, back, down to his firm butt, stroking, squeezing lightly. Every movement he pursued with his eyes and imagined what it would be like if no disturbing clothes were between them.
In front of the building, a huge crowd had formed. Will Halstead was unharmed and treated the numerous casualties that were scattered wildly.
"Stay in bed," the black-haired man smirked, turning to him and waving his eyebrows, then wrinkling his nose as he smelled his T-shirt and taking it off. "But first I'll take a shower."
Another fit of coughing shook him, and he wished to suffocate at that moment before the flames would reach him.
The road was arduous, and although Castiel reluctantly left Adam behind, he knew he needed to get the other man out of the way as his condition deteriorated rapidly. By joining forces, the three finally managed to get Adam's foot free again. That was a relief. With a nod, Cas pushed the radio into his hand.
"It's all right. I overreacted. Okay?! Now eat your cold lasagna and then put your head right here," Cas said in the evening as he sat on the couch and patted his thighs.
The piece of cloth sailed to the ground, exposing him totally to the bandage that stuck to his stomach with the last remaining hose.
From that distance, he was able to watch him without him noticing — a handsome, young man. Dean was lost in thoughts, that he did not see, that Gabriela had sat next to him and was staring in the same direction.
"Into the empty. Just like the angels. Sleeping there an endless peaceful sleep," Cas replied, who was already there. But it was only after an endless discussion that he was able to flee. He had not told the hunters about it because he could not remember it. But he knew stories from this place.
"Should I know something?" Chief Boden asked when he saw Dean and Kim coming, and after some whispering, the two men disappeared.
Will rolled his stool closer, and his eyes remained fixed on Cas' testicle. After putting on a glove, he fiddled there for some time.
After he was lovingly brought to bed by his husband, the nurse came to give him a pubic shave. Mumbling, Dean left the room because that's what he wanted to see.
A few blocks away Cas dozed off again and again. He had lost all sense of time and was so incredibly thirsty. Again and again, he ruffled his bare toes to dispel the cold that sneaked through his body. Breathing was hard for him because of the adhesive tape that was stuck over his mouth like a bomb and that lousy smell of chemicals and moisture did not make it any easier.
"We'll pull you back up, stay calm," Cruz shouted, but Mouch noticed that Castiel was quieter than calm and urged the others to hurry.
"What about you two? Ten years is a damn long time. Is it ever going to work? Will Sammy and I still experience it?"
He had the feeling that those tubes in Cas had doubled and when he slowly let his eyes wander, it was not just the annoying sound of many monitors, but also the smell of industrial disinfectant that made the small room uncomfortable.
"Yeah, get lost," also Cas laughed, who had heard the last bits of words and put an arm around Dean, who was then still a bit red.
"It has been a few difficult days that have brought us all, and especially the two of us, closer together. But even before all this crap, I realized that you're the man, with whom I want to spend my life. A look into your eyes and I know we will do it all. Together. Castiel, I love you. Do you want ..."
"I knew it. You can hear and feel me. Oh Cas, I'm so happy. Can you ... can you move your fingers. No, do not strain yourself. Relax, we'll catch up with everything. I'll keep talking. Just listen to me."
Dean could not explain that he behaved like a teenager and only after he had slapped himself inwardly did he clear his throat.
"You, as his maid of honor, should keep to me," Dean grumbled, leaning forward and kissing her on the cheek before his husband sat down again.
The heads moved towards each other. Too slow. Soft lips laid on each other and it took only a blink of an eye until both were merged into one passion. Slow and lazy, fast and nimble. Just as their mouths and tongues moved, their lower bodies rubbed against each other. For nothing in the world, Dean wanted to leave that position, even if it meant he was coming in his pants, like a fucking teenager.
The chief briefly clarified the matter with the shift's boss, and although he knew he needed to engage in some conversation afterward, it was a clear case and a personal issue for him and his team. And as it turned out, it was good that the fire brigade was there.
"Dean Winchester, Castiel Novak. With this I declare you to legally married spouses. Now you are allowed to kiss ", Orlovsky smirked, and with loud cheers and applause, the two fell into each other's arms. All the tension had dropped off them as they whispered how much they loved each other.
For a moment, the dark blond was not sure he had fantasized, but then he put down the guitar and sat down in bed.
An exaggerated defense reaction of the body usually led to the fact that a blood poisoning can run out of control because the immune system triggers a violent inflammation in the whole body, which gradually detects the vital organs. Thus, this defense would turn into the opposite, not only against the invaded gems but against the own body itself. Small blood vessels would be damaged and get leaks. Large amounts of fluid entered the tissues, causing blood clots to get out of control and more and more vessels in the body becoming clogged. The consequence of this was hypoxia, which massively impaired the function of the organs and against which the heart tries to pump with decreasing force until the circulation collapsed, the organs failed, and death occurred.
After Dean had undressed to the underpants, had slipped under the blanket and turned to the side, as the other slept deeply and tight anyway, a small smile sneaked on his face. Forgotten were the previous days, forgotten was the fear he had.
With trembling hands, and after taking another deep breath, he cut open the paper, carefully opened the box, and the loud and horrified swallowing of the three could probably be heard throughout the police station.
Dean opened his mouth, but then closed it again. Unbelievable, what the little joker allowed himself.
That he had shot and stabbed him in the barn and how long, really long, it had taken to convince him that not all angels were terrible.
"Dean, Dean, Dean," his other self laughed. "You have died so many times and returned again. For the universe, you already count to the supernatural."
The building plan was already on the hood of Boden's car, and it was not long before they figured out where the three were, and after a few minutes, the plan was fixed. Casey, Severide, and Otis set off.
Hank Voigt kept trying to reach Adam, but the policeman's radio was broken, which neither of them knew.
The tears began to rise again, and two left the corner of his eye and dripped on the limp hand. Dean looked at the wet spot and wished so much for a movement.
Dean was not aware of any guilt, just shrugged and just wanted the time to pass as quickly as possible.
Overpowered by the emotions, Cas fell around his neck and squeezed his friend as hard as he could and, lacking in words, showed him what he thought with a long and passionate kiss.
Kim had gone home with Adam, and since Cas had a night shift, Dean had no choice but to spend the night in one of the dormitories. One could say that in the current way of life he felt like a prisoner. But at least, he got better food. His last thoughts were on Cas before he fell into a restless sleep.
Only then did he notice the clip on his index finger measuring the oxygen saturation. A glance at the monitor and he wondered if those values were good or bad.
Cas gave as much as he got, stifled no groan as their tongues danced like snakes and explored the foreign territory. The hand was still in his hair, while the other drew circles on his chest, also pulled on the clothes. Breathless wheezing, lusty groaning, contented sigh filled the room.
Again he was desperate, and it was difficult not to show how bad he was. The hours he had slept through lately, you could count on one hand.
Completely perplexed, Dean stared at the display, then at the two ladies who looked at him questioningly.
He did not know it himself and felt tears burning in his eyes. Since when was he such a sensitive person? Castiel had back pain and just wanted to sleep, but he also did not want to see Dean so sad. But before anything could happen, an emergency, which came in between released the two from the tense situation.
The orgasm exploded in his brain like a huge firework. He panted, gasping, his whole body burning, the blood rushing audibly through his veins.
"Can I understand well, after all, he has just been emasculated," Joe mumbled, reaching protectively between his own legs.
Worried, he looked at his partner, who was sitting there in silence, staring holes into space. He could well imagine what was going through her head, after all, Kim had nearly fallen victim to an attack a few hours ago.
"I feel a bit strange. Probably due to the weather, comes and goes. ," Cas murmured, and Dean put his arm around his waist, kissing his cheek and whispering. "I'll take good care of you."
Something beautiful? Damn it. Looking for help, he looked around, but as hard as he tried, he could think of nothing beautiful in this hopeless situation.
Then there was silence, as Gabriela lost consciousness after she sent the emergency call with her last strength. Neither of them heard the shouting as people hurried. No one saw that the truck had moved on. Both had their eyes closed.
"One year later we all could laugh about it, but then ... What a disaster. I mean, what is Christmas without a turkey ?! All I could do was quickly cook something else. Roast beef, no poultry. Everyone had looked forward to the bird, of course. At the time, I felt like the biggest loser when I told them that.
"You do not thank for sex, dumbhead," Dean laughed softly, and after the two had dressed again and were just on their way to bed, the nurse put her head in the door.
With each passing day, the pain became more bearable, but he was afraid of the day he first saw himself. Besides, there was the fear that it would not be as it was. An important component was missing. Although he did not have to worry about an unfulfilled desire to have a baby,... How would it be if both had sex again?
When he returned to the room with the two cups, he had to laugh when he witnessed the other man slowly wake up. The black hair stood in all directions, he yawned, and the blue eyes opened with a blink.
He did the same the next hours? Days? Weeks? The hunter had lost track of time; he could see nothing, was alone and confused.
"That might have been a challenge, but I did not give up," he laughed, and the others joined in to pick up the slightly depressed mood.
Alarmed, the dark blonde jumped up and hugged his husband, only then saw the unmistakable cup and whispered wickedly and with a wink, whether he would need a hand. Castiel just shrugged his shoulders silently, but that was enough for Dean, and he pulled him back into the bathroom, locked the door and turned around with a grin.
Doctors then know which meds we can best treat for our sepsis patients. Because you fight bacteria completely different than viruses and in turn, unlike fungal infections.
But when he saw Dean's disappointed face, he added that in every phase of a drowsy or deep sleep, the subconscious was present - as with any living person.
So far he had not been able to touch anything, not even a pebble. There was nothing there, and it was dark. Again and again, he wondered where he had landed.
"Cas, Honey, what's going on?" He asked for the second time, as there was no sound at the other end of the line.
Cas smiled at the warm feeling spreading through his body and just twitched occasionally when Dean drew circles over his kneecap with his thumb.
"There were complications," he continued, his voice whiny. "Both died at this birth. My cousin wanted revenge because he never comes out, but I ... you took my sister and my nephew. She meant everything to me, and that's why I'm going to do the same thing now!"
Although Dean always enjoyed control and was already on the verge of mastery, he liked the fact that Cas was in charge. As if in slow motion, he noticed how the tip of his tongue emerged between his lips and moistened those lips, how those bright eyes fixed his own, and that little mischievous twinkle.
After a few more bumps, Dean was also at the end. His sperm mixed with the warm water on Cas's stomach and chest and dripped onto the floor of the shower.
"Now many things become clear to me. I saw you leaving the bar with Dean last night. Was there something going on? "
But since he did not want to start crying again, Cas only told them that he would probably have to take the next few shifts off because he would not feel great health and he could not say more about it. That was accepted.
Casey waved to Antonio, who knelt on the drunken driver and handcuffed his hands in no time, then dragged him to his feet and shoved him to the patrol car.
To emphasize these words, Dean moved even closer and pressed his lips to his husband's. A flock of butterflies began to flutter, and Dean could not suppress a groan as he felt a naked, muscular thigh between his legs, rubbing against him barely noticeably. Both knew that they could not do that, as one of the nurses always made their rounds, but none of them could stop either.
"Well, then no one sees the hole!" Herrmann snorted and shook his head; the black-haired man turned back in the washroom.
With a slight smile, Dean stroked his man's black hair, placed a kiss on the top of his head and watched as those eyes grew heavier and heavier as Cas lay on his chest.
Sergeant Platt talked about her childhood and various snowball fights. In the faces of the others, one could read the question, in which time this had happened because nobody could imagine Trudy as playful, as serious and sarcastic as she always was.
Shaking his head, he made Dean understand that he had rested long enough and finally wanted to see the people of the two guards. Dean could not refuse him and arm in arm, and with a big smile, they opened the door to Molly's.
"'S okay," Dean smirked, holding on to his friend and orgasm the moment Cas's hot breath, followed by a relieved sigh, brushed the sensitive auricle.
"We have to be careful. Otherwise everything collapses," Severide said, and as soon as he had uttered the sentence, it happened.
With blue lights and sirens also came the other emergency vehicles of the surrounding fire departments and the police gradually.
The last time Dean had anything to do with a man was half a year ago, and his heart was thumping as he put his hands to the cold tiles and leaned back a bit.
Where the damn police stayed, Cruz wanted to know in a sarcastic tone as he and Matt tried to hold on to the ground with all their force. It was not long before the sirens sounded and three police cars drove up at a rapid speed.
Maybe it was the fact that he had not visited him at the rehab because he had been sick in between and he had not seen his sweetheart for so long. Maybe it was the fact that he had come home a day earlier, had not seen Dean yet and that woman had suddenly confronted him with accomplished facts ...
"What? No, "Dean replied, and with a roll of his eyes, he explained that the two were old acquaintances and that he had only played scrabble with her.
Dean had no idea how many low blows he could take without finally collapsing as he reached out his trembling hand to clasp his husband.
A few days later, all the firefighters of the guard 51 were in the lounge. While some watched TV or ate something, Cas played with Herrmann and Mouch Ludo.
When Cas realized that he had to go to the bathroom, he reported to the nurse, who then only said that he should just let it run because the catheter would fix that. That, the black-haired had to admit, he found very useful.
Already on the fourth day, and Dean was incredibly happy about it, his husband was transferred to the regular infirmary, and he was also a little bit proud that Cas put some pressure on himself and showed his will to fight.
Cas looked at him startled and put his hand on the back of the hunter's head, but nothing happened as often as he tried, no matter how much he concentrated.
"I stay with my husband! You can not just kick me out!" He shouted in a shaky voice as Cas's body was seized by the resuscitation device and sank back limply. The beeping became more regular before it stumbled again.
And another news was in the house. After his marriage proposal, Dean, of course, wanted to let deeds speak. Preferably yesterday than today.
"Thanks for getting up for me," Dean replied, knowing that it could have been worse than just a two-week suspension.
After a few moments, he could not wait and squatted over him, biting his lower lip and narrowing his eyes as he slowly lowered himself. Always up and down, again and again, a small piece. Damn, that was burning, and Dean was gasping for air.
Of course, he knew that these correctly trained people of this unit had all the means to track down the kidnapper or kidnappers. And, of course, he knew it was a suicide squad trying to do it alone.
Just when he had wondered where the damned fire brigade was staying, as the building was already on fire, the sirens of the two fire trucks were sounding, led by the Chiefs' vehicle and accompanied by the ambulance.
"Medicines," she smiled as he looked questioningly at the young woman. "Do not you want to rest a bit? We will inform you when there is something new."
Cas wondered how he was doing because his friend was so sorry for him because he knew that the dark blond was torturing himself with objections, although he could not help it.
Castiel opened his eyes and blinked a few times to get a clear picture. A man was standing in his bedroom. Why the hell did he stand there, even though he should have been lying under the covers long ago?!
But that ... How many times had he wished in the past few hours that this damned terrorist had died instead of Adam? How many times had he wondered if it had not been the wrong decision and what would have happened if everyone had had more time.
In no time at all, the lounge was decorated with floral arrangements, wreaths, and flowers and while Otis dismissed condolences, Mouch tried his hand as a florist.
Agonizing moments passed for the young man. Even though he himself had the feeling of beating and kicking, in reality he did not move a millimeter.
At the same time, Voight had arrived in front of the warehouse with Antonio, watching a man get into an armored van and seem to be waiting for something.
The beeping became faster, just as he felt his heart racing. Could this be related? Oh, they both had noticed that too. Castiel tried to swallow again.
"What a hell of a plan," he mumbled, sitting down on a rock and staring at the field where the two, or fortunately the three, had been for over an hour.
Matt was the first to kneel on the ground and breathe a sigh of relief, as it was not one of his friends.
Halstead nodded and sighed. An evening with friends and without pondering would be good for both of them.
That he would be faster with a damn car, Dean thought as he made his way. He knew his goal, and even if it was not far, it felt like an eternity. The policeman had no idea what to expect. Without a weapon, safety vest and support, he ran to the warehouse, praying not to be late. He did not know how many he had to expect, only knew that he had to free Cas.
But he sat up and turned the tables. In a skillful move, he brought his friend under him and played the same game with him. Only one track slower.
Shortly before his upcoming dismissal, he cycled for half an hour on the ergometer. A little later, he felt muscles that he had never even suspected existed.
"Come here you ..." Dean laughed and pulled him into a stormy kiss. At the same time, Cas's eyes fell on something he had not seen before. It was up on the ledge, between shampoos and various washing utensils.
Dean put the cups on the bedside table, sat down in the bed and tried to smooth this stubborn hair with his fingers, but decided otherwise and ruffled through the thick, black hair.
With the van, Chief Boden preceded, and goosebumps dragged over his body when he saw that it was his team involved in the accident.
Sobbing, he buried his head in his hands, and the hand that squeezed his shoulder could hardly calm him down.
Breathing hard and with his hands tied behind his back, he mumbled something that nobody could understand. The shirt was torn and the pants dirty. Those bastards even took his shoes and socks. It was just terrible to see that and tears were swimming in Dean's eyes. But he did not have to bear this picture too long, because when the camera swiveled, he found himself confronted with a pig mask.
At some point he ventured another look, that was at the time when Cas blew a strand of hair from the face that tickled his forehead. Again, their eyes met, and even if he could see little from this distance, he knew that they were shining. Another shudder sneaked over Dean's spine and made him sigh.
"You also have a battleship injury," he smirked as he felt the burn scar on his soft lips and squeezed a kiss on it.
One day in May, Dean could remember the exact date and time when he and his colleague were called to an armed robbery. At the police academy, he was taught where he could aim, so that it would not kill. But the robber had taken the seller as a hostage and left no doubt about firing the gun, that was pressed against his forehead. It was self-defense, and he had no other option, it was in the files. It was the only time he had shot, but this incident left him in doubt as to whether he had chosen the right profession.
Tenderly, Dean stroked Cas's knee as they both lay in the bathtub an hour later. With a shake of the head, the black-haired turned his head and kissed him briefly.
There was not much on the video, but one thing caught Dean's eye. As the camera swiveled from Cas to the kidnapper, he recognized the brown-and-white tiled floor and the shelf of various chemicals. He was sure it was this storeroom where they had caught the drug lord back then.
"Dude, when you're on your feet again, you'll get the receipt for that. Because I do not want to beat up a helpless man in bed!"
"No Dean, no! Come on. You fought against demons and all kinds of supernatural things. You were in heaven, in hell, and purgatory. If you think you can die now after falling on a stone ... Dean. Damn open your eyes! That can not end like this. That may ... Dean!"
"Yeah, I'll do it if it does not get better," the black-haired response came with a grumble, but Casey waved and urged him to do it before the next shift.
"Do not stop, please," the black-haired man whispered, looking pleadingly into the green eyes of his counterpart. He wanted to know. He had to know.
"I just remembered my first Christmas party at the police academy. I was responsible for the most important Christmas dinner of my entire career. All the important people were gathered. Of course, I was terribly excited, and then the turkey failed."
"Do you want to talk about it?" Dean asked cautiously but got nothing more than a shake of the head.
Since he did not want to be idle, his hands caught in the short hair sometimes pulled slightly and then a little stronger. Every time Dean had to smile. The short stubble of that intimate hair tickled and scratched his nose and face, and Dean could not wait for them to regrow. When he finally put his full lips over the hard cock and took it slowly but steadily into his mouth, Cas escaped a shaky breath, fetched by a deep moan.
Before God and our friends, I take you, to my husband. I want to love, respect and honor you. In good times and in bad times, in illness and health, until death separates us. Wear this ring as a symbol of our love and faithfulness. "
Cas's maid of honor came through the other door at the same time, and after being told that he was probably naked, Kim preferred to wait.
Then suddenly it went in a row. Everyone talked about his most beautiful Christmas memory from his childhood.
Cas had tears of joy and emotion in his eyes, and with a short but passionate kiss, the engagement was sealed.
As Cas pumped his finger in and out of Dean, ever so torturously slowly, Dean’s hips started rocking with the movement. They kissed desperately, breaking to take quick gulps of air then diving back in. At this point, Dean was fully hard and he ached to be touched. But he kept his hands away from himself, wanting to prolong everything. Instead, he wrapped one hand around Cas’s wrist and tangled the other into Cas’s hair. Against his butt and lower back, he could feel the head of Cas’s erection rubbing against him.
Cupping Dean’s cheek, Cas tilted his head up until he could see Dean’s eyes. A fond, tender expression stole over his face as he said, “I want to. I want you for eternity, Dean Winchester. If
On the other side was the familiar darkness and silence. But now, there was light and a warmth in his hand. He swung the stone around until it started glowing even brighter and the warmth pulsed. Then he started sprinting, the stone held out in front of him. He had no idea how far away Cas was but he knew he had to get there before he was yanked back out.
"You want silence, you want to go back to sleep?" Dean asked. He waited until Meg nodded slowly, curiosity coming into her eyes, then continued, "How about a trade? I know what you want and I can give it to you."
“You can have it,” Dean whispered. He reached out, his fingers tracing the line of Cas’s jaw as he slid them up to cup his cheek. Then he tilted Cas’s head up until their eyes met. “You can have me. Hell, I’ve been yours for years.”
About six months after everything settled into their new normal, Dean drove into town feeling a little restless. While it was fulfilling to become a hub of the hunter network, to help and care for people he cared about, he felt a little bored at times. So he’d gone for a drive, hoping to clear his head and maybe find something to help occupy him.
The implication there being that Dean's behaving strangely. And, fuck, he is, hell if he knows why. Fuck.
Dean opens his mouth to, you know, defend his heterosexuality, but Cas beats him to the punch—and loses his damn mind.
That's what passes for Sam as strong innuendo. The accusation there is that Dean's been having some sorta monster masturbation sesh.
Dean eases up, but still. He casts a mistrustful eye around the place. It's a small town dive, so it's pretty decent -- the jukebox could use a new setlist, not to mention a whole other era -- but even so it's a lot trashier than he's used to seeing on Sam. Cas, too, for that matter. When Dean looks over at the bar, gaze dragging where his mind's already taken him, Cas is standing there propped against the hard top at a lazy angle, one leg twisted casually over the other. He's talking to the bartender, this guy with a red clean-up rag sticking out of his belt and so much product in his hair it's a wonder there weren't any 'health code violation' stickers slapped on the front entrance.
In between Dean's legs, which are spread pretty damn wantonly, Cas is on his knees, bracketing Dean in with his hands pressed into the mattress up near Dean's armpits. His eyes are closed and he's breathing in and out through his nose, sighing when Dean runs his hands up the back of his arms.
Dean's in bed, trying to nap away his feelings. On his mind when he came home to his darkened room (fuck you, winter) and nested inside a mountain of covers was getting away from literally the entire world, but how do you ignore a text like that?
He starts off slow, letting Cas fuck into their fists, but pretty soon Cas' hips are scissoring off the bed in a sloppy way and his head's rolling back.
He can't say that out loud, though, because he is nowhere near drunk enough for that, so when Sam starts ralphing, it is a diversion and opportunity to bail quickly seized.
"You've got that hang-dog look, like you did something wrong she's making you grovel for. You done for the night?"
In front of him and Cas both is the weathered remains of what had once, in his memory anyway, been a bad ass treehouse, built at the age of eleven in the woods way behind Cas' house. They'd done it during the summer, when Dean's dad had figured two growing boys could do with a set routine, which meant three months back at Bobby's. Now, a solid five years since he's even thought of the damn thing, he sees it for what it is: a piece of shit.
It's uncomfortable and stifling and the one time Dean tries to break it by turning on some music, Cas waits three seconds then switches it back off, which is such an asshole move Dean's almost proud of it.
The sight of his phone reminds him he was kinda in the middle of something before Sam got home. Sure enough, he's got a few missed texts. A couple more from Jo that she included Sam in on, which is gonna be so much fun when Paris Hilton out there wakes up, one from Kevin that consists only of party hat emojis, and five from Castiel that very quickly make him feel like an asshole.
There's a noise on the other end that sounds exactly like the way Cas's entire chest feels. "Cas, it's you."
"So," Dean gets out gruffly, "not exactly breaking news here, but I'm what you'd sometimes call a grade-A dickbag."
She pulls him aside very quickly after that, under the guise of changing Sam's Spotify playlist currently mellowing the mood way down with slowly droned carols sung by mopey dudes with guitars and existential crises.
"Eat up," he tells him, shoving a fry of his own into his mouth. If Dean had really wanted to wow him, the fries would've been homemade, but tonight they're straight out of a frozen bag. Maybe next time.
Charlie looks herself over in the rearview mirror, fluffing her hair, puckering her lips, smudging her eyeliner. Dean rolls his eyes.
"I'm fine," he gets out, squeezing his eyes shut to fight off what usually follows, and that's panic.
He's tempted to spill his guts about how, even though Cas is a dork with a scarf fetish and the personality of a cactus, he's sort of fallen for him anyway, which is number one on the list of things currently kicking Dean in his heart's crotch. Number two is the fact that he made it so Cas is never gonna wanna speak to him again. Number three is being committed to the bell on the door from now until forever.
They quit caressing each other like they're acting out the cheesy foreplay parts of a porno and get to the actual porn.
Sure enough, Dean glances that way just enough to see that, yup. There's his bitch of a little brother, thumbs-upping them from inside.
Dean goes back to the burgers, backing away from the steam that lets out when the lid comes off. "You were taking too long to go! And, c'mon. Look at that mug. Look at it," he teases, patting Sam on the cheek, who swipes Dean's hand away with a glare. "Like something went wrong."
Wind whips around Dean, fast and so loud he can barely hear himself think over it. Right in front of them the portal is a big, bright, glowing tear in the universe.
("Don't say--" Sam had been there for Dean's 'no more public boners, Cas!' conversation. He'd frowned at Dean with real disappointment, then sighed, "You shouldn't feel ashamed, Cas."
Cas' eyes narrow like he can't figure out the logic Dean took to jump to that conclusion. Which is nothing new, him and Cas haven't been on the same page in -- ever, maybe.
"Why don't you go and get a cookie," Dean mimics right back, scowling at the suggestion and Sam's smug 'Dean's a toddler' look he pitches at him during Dean's mocking.
She makes a bleh noise. "Fine, pass on the sassy affirmations, but no way are you getting out of tonight. You, me. Key Lounge."
before Cas kisses him. He reels back a little from the force of it, wrapping his arms around Cas who is pretty much pushing him into the mattress, fitting himself on top of Dean because apparently they've both lost their damn minds.
Dean's working to make sense of Cas's mood switch when a hand slides silkily across his shoulder. Then the woman from down the bar slips into view, and into the space between Dean and Cas, her other hand sliding over Cas's shoulder, pulling both him and Dean in.
Cas is staring blankly at the ceiling, unseeingly so, even when Dean crouches closer and drops into his line of sight. "Cas, c'mon, c'mon, you're okay, everything's going to be--"
"What's up?" he asks Sam, glancing briefly at Cas, who doesn't seem to know why Dean's presence is required either.
Very quickly a hand wraps around his arm, steadying him, and a dude with the deepest, graveliest voice Dean's ever heard outside of sci-fi TV show villains (okay, and porn) says, "Sorry," like he's the one at fault here.
Cas doesn't understand the anger on Dean's face when he stalks over, at odds with the gentle way he grips Cas's hand in his own. Carefully, watching Cas's face, he applies pressure. Cas winces.
By the time the heat's left the bathroom and the water's stopped dripping from the showerhead, he's in control of his body once more.
"Hey," he says, walking up. Cas must notice Dean's brain working overtime to figure out what's going on because he tenses and slides awkwardly two steps over to block Dean's view.
"Going to punch you in your throat if you don't move. Seriously, Cas," he tells him, and Cas must catch on that if he doesn't get to thrusting, Dean's body has got a mind of its own and, fair warning, it's prepared to evacuate the premises.
They're pretty close to Dean's place. Just another block down. In the glow of a passing street light, Dean says, "Well, you hid it pretty awesomely. I couldn't tell."
Ellen stirs a packet of sugar into her coffee. "Followin' her daddy's footsteps, of course. And just as stubborn about it."
Dean smiles at him, but it doesn't lift up all the way. Once more he grabs his keys. He makes it as far as the door again before he's turning to face Cas.
Castiel's next text comes through. Dean reads it while Sam says, "Okay," like the sarcastic little shit he is. "Tell her 'hi' for me."
When Dean turns back around, Cas is there at the register. Totally composed, too, like he's actually refreshed, not just faking it.
From his reclined position, Dean watches Cas's forehead furrow, but he doesn't say anything. Dean's gaze, of its own volition, travels down the rest of Cas's body. The guy has some hairy friggin' legs.
"What do you want me to say, man? Want me to tap into my inner-angst just so we can hold hands and heal and after we're done, we'll make ourselves some real neat friendship bracelets? 'Cause, let's see, I've got--" He started counting them off on his fingers. "Dead mom. Dead dad."
Dean tilts the phone toward the building where, very distantly, the 'unce unce unce' beats on mindlessly.
The road ahead is empty and endless, just one long, straight line with a hell of a view. The gas gauge boasts a full tank. When he switches on the radio, Kansas hums out of the speakers at just the right volume, mellow and melodic.
"Wow, Cas. No, no, look at me. Do not get flabby now. You want to hear something beautiful?" With a jerk, he turned to him and took his face in both hands.
Startled and horrified, the younger man sank on the wooden bench. His worst fears had come true. They had Cas. Whoever they were. Dean's heart began to race as he stared wide-eyed at the display, which made it clear that Cas was being tortured. He was sitting on a chair, face bloodied, one eye swollen and his mouth duct-taped.
He did not say a word for the entire ride, only occasionally a soft sob could be heard from him. With a nod of understanding, Burgess went alone to the guard again.
The joy was hard to describe when, for the first time, with the rollator, he could go to the bathroom alone. Without help. A great feeling.
Nervously Gabriel went up and down. Again and again, he looked at the clock and hoped that nothing had gone wrong.
Dean was the first to wake up, noting that both were in exactly the same position as they always were. Dean was the big and Cas the little spoon. Waking up like that was the best thing for Dean, and it made him smile. With a gentle movement, he pushed even closer to his husband. Cas's fingers lay loosely on Dean's arm, and only a soft, satisfied humming could be heard.
The clinic's call came the next morning. Dean hurried down the corridor, apologizing to a male nurse, whom he nearly knocked down, and joyfully pushed open the door to the hospital room. By now he had been moved, and somehow the annoying noise of the heart monitor was missing. Cas sat upright in bed, Dean just heard how he had thanked Will.
Confused, Matt looked at his colleagues, who looked back gravely, then broke into a loud giggle and laughed.
Now that he knew he wanted more, it was too late. He wanted Dean to be something his brother had with Sam. He wanted to be close to him. Wanted to touch and taste the hunter.
Cas was fascinated by this beautiful ass. Perfectly smooth, firm and full, he stretched out to meet him. He generously wetted three of his fingers with soap and gently rubbed the foam around his entrance, while his second hand kept caressing to distract him from the following. Both men were highly focused, and it was so quiet you would have heard a pin drop.
Two doors were locked, only at the third, he was lucky. As hard as he tried, this door creaked, and Dean closed his eyes, groaning in annoyance. That was not to be missed. And so it was, and the surprise visit was no longer one. First, he felt a sharp punch on the back of his head and then he found himself on the ground again on his hands and knees.
Of course, he had therapies behind him, for a little boy it was not easy to process all that. That was why he went to the fire department. In each rescued child he saw himself again, with each victim he felt guilty. That was his way of dealing with the experience. He thought he deserved it.
In a quiet minute, he called his family and asked them to go on vacation. He explained nothing and felt a little paranoid, but better safe than sorry.
"Has not everyone," Dean laughed, hugged his husband from behind and both admired their result from two steps away.
"Stop poking your finger around, you're destroying the eroticism," Cas muttered, opening his eyes now and staring at his husband, shaking his head. "Maybe it just means that you should gain some speed. Otherwise, they will burst."
The doctor asked Cas to get dressed again and then come back to the consulting room. As he looked into his computer with a serious face for a long time, the fireman began to feel more and more anxious. The heavy moaning and the tone in the doctor’s voice did not sound like 'all right', but he still thought that this small bump on his balls could not be so bad and would undoubtedly be treated with a few tablets.
"You look a bit green around your nose, are you alright?" Dean asked worriedly and looked him up and down.
Besides his penis, he also had one in his nose, such a thing for the oxygen, one in the back, which went directly to the spinal cord and probably provided his body with some painkillers. One on the neck, possibly for the same purpose and one in his scar on the abdomen, to remove the wound fluid. Besides, the needle in the back of his hand for various infusions, some pads on his upper body, which were connected to monitors, and a kind of clothespin attached to his finger.
Had the timer not rattled, the two would have to eat black pizza, because once again they both lost at the moment — eyes burning with passion, lips barely able to separate.
With a loud sigh he laid his head on the hunter's chest, and as the tears continued to run down his cheeks, he fell asleep.
With a grin, he got up and shoved the cold lasagna into the microwave before sitting down on the couch with his husband and resting after dinner.
"We have them. Cas has a gunshot wound. We're coming out now, "Casey said to his chief, smiling with relief. Then everything went very fast. Too fast that Dean's brain could handle it.
They also did the dishes together. A moment of silence passed before Dean turned to the movie shelf.
"I would have wondered, too," Sam replied with a deep sigh. "Who is in charge of hell now? Crowley is dead. Asmodeus is dead. Lucifer is dead."
"You still have your sense of humor," Will grinned before his eyes became serious because what he saw was not normal. He had a guess, but to confirm that, further examination was necessary and he did not listen when Cas assured him that he was in no pain.
"I just wanted to tell you. You can not do anything. Try to sleep a little bit. Tomorrow we'll discuss the details."
"Hey, Burgess!" The fireman called, and despite the lack of time, he got out of his car for a moment when the dark-haired policewoman wanted to storm towards her patrol car.
Gabriel put his hand on Sam's shoulder but quickly pulled it back as if he had burned himself when he noticed the angry glint in his eyes.
When he raised his head and had the same hallucinations, the adrenaline was back in no time and screaming, he made himself noticeable.
Kelly shook his head. No, he would not give up, he could not lose anyone else after Shay, and he knew his team was 100% behind him.
"And how much I dare ..." The hunter replied defiantly and with a big grin because he planned to wake the angels and demons again and again. "So long, until nothing is left of you." The 'nothing' he emphasized very strongly.
This is done to relieve the pain or give the body a chance to recover and mitigate the organism. When the doctors dropped off the anesthetics, the patients woke up again, slowly but steadily, simply by reducing the medication.
Most likely, there is no human being who did not immediately think of something bad if the patient was not in his room and it looked like no one had ever been there
"I think we have to protect our bunker again against angels. Who called you now?!" Dean grumbled, looking at Gabriel with a disparaging look.
Once again, the young policeman turned around and waved goodbye to Cas, who had just dropped him off at the police station. Dean was happy. He did not have a car or money, nor did he feel secure in his apartment, but he knew that this could be more serious with Cas.
Dean had taken the day off and promised his husband a delicious breakfast. For the third time in the last five minutes, he looked at the clock and then went to the window. Finally, the dark blue Ford was coming up the driveway, and Dean stormed out of the door. Galant, he opened the driver's door and handed Cas his hand.
He really kissed it. With a smile, he took off his shoes and tiptoed to the dark brown door, which was wide open. The wet noise had stopped, and he watched Dean step out of the shower, dry himself and tie the yellow towel loosely around his hips.
These words hit him like a punch in the stomach. These words, unambiguous, irrevocable and yet they penetrated very slowly into Cas's consciousness. He could hardly understand what the doctor had said, barely comprehending what those words meant.
When Dean came after his shift, the horror was literally in his face. Without a word he ran to the nurse and insisted on having Will call out, who came a few minutes later. He frowned at Cas's bed and checked his pulse on his weak wrist. Way too fast. Immediately afterward, he put on a cuff to measure his blood pressure. Much too low.
Dean felt restricted, for Burgess did not leave his side. He was glad to go to the toilet alone at least. He even slept at her home, on the couch.
Panic rose in him and he tried to move or say something, but as hard as he tried, it did not work — only darkness.
With these words, he took the note that he got and when Dean had briefly flown over this, he rolled his eyes.
"We all have to fear for our lives now, just because that idiot Winchester could not keep his mouth shut, or how?"
"Look what I found," Cas chuckled and turned the laptop so the other two could catch a glimpse of the headlines of the day.
Cas did not care how that was done, it was important if something was found or not, but that still took a while.
The culprit fell back on the bed and laughed. Lightning fast Cas jumped on him and pressed Dean's wrists onto the bed.
When the two were on the third floor, or rather, what was left of it, because everywhere was fire, smoke, and debris, he saw no way to turn around and pursued his target with his pistol.
He was fine. Yes, he had lost some weight, but he did not see that as a disadvantage. Should he call Dean? Castiel had been holding the phone in his hand for a few minutes, but he hesitated. But there were hours left until he was finished and the black-haired needed him now.
Heart pounding, prepared and respectful, he stopped in front of the emergency vehicles that stood in the hall. Long enough he had the theory and could not wait to put theory into practice. Cas was lost in thoughts, that he did not notice Herrmann and Cruz whispering, giggling and eyeing him with folded arms.
Dean's eyes find Cas' right away, and Cas is staring back already like he's proud of himself for that one, like he thinks he's done something clever here, but all Dean feels is this rush of nostalgia and gratitude and then something way bigger. A reminder, maybe, that they've been at this for a long time now, with so much shared between them.
"Cas," Sam says, startled and too loud. "Hey!" He blinks over at Dean, looking completely unsure about what their course of action is here, before schooling his expression into something that screams
"Hey," Dean defends himself gruffly. Sam smirks and disappears into the kitchen. Dean pats at his stomach, jiggling the layer of skin that's taken over his six-pack. "Don't listen to him. He didn't mean it. He's just a tall toddler with stupid hair."
An hour later, the TV was still on but Dean was alone. Sam had taken off with the excuse of -- something about homework, or exams, or some other geekiness Dean had teased him about while being privately proud.
"Did you know," Cas cuts in, "there are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the Earth?" He's staring up where the blue is beginning to fade away to pinks and purples with the setting sun. A couple stars, the closest ones, are only now becoming visible.
"Don't go," Cas says, same as before. He's poking his head out of the nest of covers he's burrowed himself in.
They don't seem like good memories, though. As far as he can figure, future-Dean didn't take to the idea of Sam-and-Amelia so well and has spent the past however many years being a giant dick about it. He can't ever imagine being that big of an asshole, though, especially because if there's anything Dean is willing to sacrifice it's his own happiness so that Sam can live the dream -- wife, kids, yard full of gassy pets -- but when he does think of living a life separate from Sam, of not being that person Sam trusts and knows best, it makes his heart do fucked up things, like pitch a damn fit and spaz around like a kid in need of more attention.
"Don't be upset with me," Cas pleaded with Dean, and he looked so lost and pathetic about it, it made Dean's heart clench, stupid traitor that it was.
Dean bursts through the front door, shotgun already locked and loaded. Cas is right behind him manning the flashlight when Dean's cell chirps. He gestures in a one-armed shrug for Cas to reach inside his jacket pocket and pull the thing out, which Cas does.
Realizing Castiel is still staring expectantly, Dean clears his throat and paints on his brightest, fakest, most inner spirit-crushing smile. "You?"
Dean tacks on a grim smile, fake as hell. Like this isn't the sort of stuff he's been coming across since he before he knew how to read. "Must've been scary."
Without knowing why, Dean is immediately on edge. Something about the way Cas is looking at him while raising his eyebrows, silently asserting his presence like he knows Sam and Dean have been sitting here having grown-up talk this whole time and he's tired of being stranded at the kiddy table. Or, you know, stashed away in a library.
Cas turns, too, and here they are again, curled up in each other's spaces. But this is so much worse. Cas slides his hand up Dean's arm, fitting his palm where Dean's scar used to be. "I need you so much," Cas tells him, he freaking admits it, and Dean feels the words slam all the way into him.
Cas coughs up more blood when he tries to speak. Dean winds an arm underneath his shoulder, hauling him closer, and Cas goes, lifelessly and limp. "Please," Dean hears himself say.
"Psychologically damage--what are you, Oprah? Cas, you know what I mean, right? Any time little-Cas wants attention, take care of it the same way the rest of us do. Behind closed doors where we can pretend we're not massaging the snake."
"Hey," he says; his voice is already hoarse. "What you said before, about Cas." That gets Sam's attention snapping his way. It's the tone more than anything. Dean has to work around his nerves. "That he, you know--makes me happy."
If he loses Cas -- if they stopped being friends -- Dean's not sure he could handle that kind of blow. Cas has been so constantly a fixture in Dean's life, he can't imagine it otherwise. He was there when Dean's mom died, he's been there through his dad going MIA on them. He's been as much of a brother as Sammy, but more because Dean's the only person Cas lets in. No one else knows that Cas's mom is a legit wackjob who forces her kid to sit in a chair and read the Bible, or that the only reason his dad took off too is because he didn't want to be a father anymore.
' tour. The only thing his bookshelves are full of is DVDs and he doesn't feel judged. That's awesome.
"Then I was made to destroy the one being in all of creation that still had faith in me. I put a sword through my brother because Naomi told me to, and I would've done the same to you--"
It made Lisa laugh and nudge at him with her elbow, which was his desired result, if he was being honest here. It also made Cas' glower split into a frown because he was lost on the joke. It was kind of a dick move on Dean's part, but he so rarely flirted anymore. It was making him a little hyper, not to mention overeager.
"I miscalculated," Cas says again for Sam's benefit, and Sam eyeballs the mess on the floor. Then his eyebrows lift to his hairline and his gaze sneaks over to Dean real cheekily.
Dean rucks up Cas' shirt for a better view, as much as he's able to. It's soaked, clinging wetly to his chest and stomach.
Hesitantly, Dean brings his own hand up to Cas' face just to see what happens. He curls his fingers and brushes his knuckles down the scratchy part of Cas' jaw. Cas closes his eyes and leans into the touch and, for a moment anyway, Dean isn't scared of losing his best friend.
Now that his brain has been nudged, he's noticing the strings of garland hung up along the wall like they're the sort of people who do that. There are strands of lights, too, both the colored and the white kind, and Dean wonders how the hell he missed the detonation of Christmas explosives.
He comes around the counter warily, eyeing Cas the whole time. Not that Cas is aware; he's rubbing his eyes like he's trying to massage away a headache.
"Now you drink," he insisted, sitting back up for the beer. "We need to talk and that only happens with the help of this." He tilted the bottle towards Dean's mouth, like he might actually feed it to him himself.
It's Cas who answers, "Dean's world famous peanut butter cheeseburgers," in a braggy voice like Dean's the coolest person he knows. He's smiling pretty fondly at him too, which is nice. Ditto.
So when they're lying on Dean's bed one Tuesday afternoon, doing something Dean would only ever admit to as 'cuddling' under strict torture, and Cas says, "Come with me," all his familiar fight-or-flight instincts kick in. It's only because Cas sounds like he's scared shitless to have said it at all that Dean doesn't outright laugh at him, but even that's hard to stifle. When Cas doesn't drop the nervous look or admit he was joking, Dean pulls away.
got here." What he means by that, and by the look he casts across the room toward where Jess (who is gorgeous and so far out of Sam's league it's embarrassing) is chatting it up with her fellow bridesmaids, is 'please don't make me leave before I work up the nuts to ask her to dance.'
Dean sits on his ass with a glare, wiping a hand across his mouth. The dig at his self-esteem is a low fucking blow, besides being a source of constant contention between them.
Under his breath, and just this side of petty, Dean goes full on Guantanamo Bay with a fry and some ketchup, saying, "I don't think it's going to be
Sam looks pretty upset about the whole thing, but he pulls on his crap's-not-eating-at-me face. "No."
When Dean let's him in, he feels the thundering of his heart, but it's tempered pretty easily by the sight in front of him: Cas is standing there in a dorky Christmas sweater that has cats wearing Santa hats on it, with a huge scarf wrapped around his neck and a beanie covering up his jet lagged hair.
When Cas makes him meet his eyes, his thoughts take a firmer shape. Maybe Cas liking women means the playing field is that much bigger. More opportunity for Cas to get a crush, to like someone else. To move on before Dean's sorted his feelings out. There's a thought for his diary.
Sam's smirking over the top of his leafy bite, self-satisfied and just this side of gloating. "They'll think your gay," he says, way too amused.
Cas holds his stare. He holds it for so long, the back of Dean's neck prickles. Whatever that's about. Then Cas' gaze slips to Dean's mouth, and his neck is tingling for a whole different reason. Just as quick as it happens, Cas is pulling away, settling stiffly against the backside of the booth. He glances out the window, momentarily distracted by a guy who's having this aggressive-looking phone conversation right outside the diner.
"So, neighbors, huh? I catch that right?" he asks right away, right there on his welcome mat, eyes roaming between Dean and Cas in a way that immediately raises Dean's hackles. It's like he's being judged, like this dude isn't buying the 'boyfriend' thing.
If Sam was aiming a pissy glare his way before, this is double that. He pulls back from Christine to further his glare, only grinning reassuringly at her once before he's back to the bitchy disapproval.
"I love you," Cas said, heavy with meaning, and Dean's eyes flew back to his. Cas met them immediately, reassuringly, to affirm that, yes, dumbass, it was true.
"Sam's 'other-half,'" Cas says, with some conspiratorial air quotes, like maybe that's an in-house joke, but, of course, it means nothing to Dean. Except
When Dean comes to, it's with a fuzzy, head-pounding disorientation. He's on his back, on the ground, that much he immediately knows, where there's an overgrown lawn cushioning what must've been one hell of a landing. His whole body cramps up with a pain that is vague but persistent enough that it's what rouses him out of unconsciousness, fast and sudden. He rolls into a sitting position, as far as he can manage, anyway, one hand bracing against the ground and dirt and the other shielding eyes sensitive to the sunlight.
Cas lets go and the djinn stumbles back, clutching at its throat and making gurgling noises. Its eyes are wide and locked on Dean. When it collapses, it twitches just a second before going completely still, dead.
There are also movie stubs with titles he's never heard of and a few old receipts and Cas' license that Dean sees and immediately feels privately thrilled by. Bingo. He flips the wallet so he can see the photo through the little plastic window, a laugh already building itself up, but Cas, to his disappointment, looks completely normal. A little perturbed, maybe, like the line at the DMV was brutal, but that's generally Cas' default setting.
Turned down to its lowest setting, music spills out of the radio speakers, just enough to add some white noise alongside the dull hum of the Impala's engine. Something plays with a melancholic riff.
Now they're sitting knee-to-knee on Cas' bed, a deck of cards between them. Dean shows Cas how to hold his handful of cards without letting Dean see what he's got, and as he goes through the game's instructions, Cas' eyes get narrower and narrower.
Dean looks up and their eyes lock. It's sappy as hell, but it makes him feel like things are slotting into place. It's like for a while now the Earth has been off its axis by an inch, and someone came along and nudged it back, and suddenly everything makes sense.
"That gal's all mouth, but she's not wrong 'bout one thing. If I made you and your friend feel unwelcome, I'm sorry for that. Ashamed, too."
Later, after the girl's walked out of the store sans Modge Podge or Dean's phone number, Charlie shakes her head at him, and it's in such a solemn, motherly way, he's forced to acknowledge it.
The girl's eyes flick back to Dean. She seems entirely unmoved by Cas's silent declaration of homosexual relations. "So, single?"
"I don't believe a guy like you doesn't have lines of people knocking down your door just to get to know you. I mean, you work at a bookstore, that's one thing. You've got a pet rabbit. You're wearing a freakin' tie with cartoon bees on it for god's sake."
At some point, Cas and Sam are standing around the edge of the kitchen talking school while the radio plays classic rock at a low hum; Sam's current professor woes, Cas's empathy and wise words of advice. Dean listens with something like genuine peace settling into his body, like he could be happy doing this every damn night.
That's when someone bumps into Dean from behind while they're on their way to the bar. They nod apologetically, but Charlie peacocks up pretty instantly.
"Come on, man, I'm trying here. You want me to say sorry? I am. I am so damn sorry I screw up everything I care even a little bit about."
Cas thrusts out his hand so they're holding on to each other around the wrist, and as Dean is finally,
"Is it really that bad?" Dean asks him, this time with some concern coming through. For all he knows Cas's family tree is as messed up as his is.
"Did you not have something better to do?" Cas finally says, and it's not in a voice that implies he's happy to see Dean, but the opposite. Like Dean's cramping his style or something.
She drops a warm plate of even warmer pie onto the table in the shared space between Dean and Cas, which is a little odd, until Dean notices there are two forks. For one slice.
Even though Cas seems super into it too, it's creating a weird power dynamic Dean is in no way fit to emotionally handle. Dean trusts the fuck out of Cas, that's as obvious as saying grass is green, and he knows it goes both ways, but there's something about seeing that trust turn into a solid thing between them that he's not ready for.
Dean busies himself by reaching under the counter and tearing into some stock they don't even need; a box filled with small plastic cups of creamer.
Dean grins and teases one more time before giving up the game. Sam looks appropriately irritated that first sip.
"Fine, you know what? Whatever," he drawls, leaning back onto his elbows. He drinks his beer and smacks his lips. "Awesome." Crickets start to chirp.
"You wanna stay in the car?" Dean asks. Not that he wants to work this solo, but. He gets it. He's not going to force Sam into anything.
Dean turns down the radio, and Sam sighs with his entire body because he must know there's no way Dean's not going to make a big deal out of this.
Sitting as they are now, Dean's knee is shoved up against Cas' shoulder. There's a warmth there, and because of it, a comfort, and Dean has no idea to do with that. It's always been this way with Cas, though, from the very beginning, but at least he used to be able to justify this
"--so, just, call me back," he hears him say, and then Sam sighs loudly, still holding the cell phone to his ear another few seconds before he ends the call.
Not one to back down from a bad idea, Dean listens to the voice in his head that tells him to send a selfie back. So he does. In bed, with his own hair sticking up in places, Dean gives the camera both a scowl and the bird, flipping Cas off.
Sam huffs and starts tapping intently at his computer once more. "Yeah, like I really wish there was still supernatural evil in the world, Dean. Like I want people to die."
Taking out his phone, Dean snaps a picture and sends it to Castiel, mindful of the people around him. He probably looks like one of those douchebags instagramming their food.
It's a low blow, and it shows, for Sam and Cas both. Sam shoves the towel into Dean's hands and says, "I'm going," at Cas before high tailing it out of there, storming off. It's only a few seconds later that the sound of a slammed door rings throughout the house, which makes Cas sigh all old and weary-like.
Cas. It's Castiel, holy shit. Dean wakes up fast. He checks his phone's ID -- yup, that definitely says Castiel.
He's clocked out for lunch, on his way to his car, when life makes lemonade from his current haul of lemons.
"Remember that box Christine gave me, for Amelia? There was this old doll inside. Apparently Christine got it from a yard sale. Guess who's."
An hour later, Cas gets up to take charge of the jukebox since Dean spends a solid five minutes complaining about the audible assault that is Whitesnake.
Charlie sighs a sigh that's pretty much the exhaled equivalent of ogling. Dean glares at her, just because for once he's not the most lewd of the bunch and that is a victory meant to be expressed via shaming, before he sighs his own sigh. "I say yes, will that shut you two up?"
It's only barely after two and the sun is high in the sky. South Dakota summers usually mean afternoon thunderstorms, but so far there ain't a single dark cloud. It's hot, even with the window down, and Dean loves his baby like most people love their family members, but his ass is burning up on top of her dark leather seats. He's got beads of sweat along his temple too, and when he looks over at Cas, he sees Cas' bangs are a wet mess against his forehead.
He slips past Cas with a smile that, on account of his lingering lameness, looks deranged more than anything, but Cas seems oblivious to it, waiting to enter the room until Dean's gone in first.
Okay, truthfully? He doesn't intend for things to go beyond that. How many times can you tell someone 'cool, okay bye' before it gets awkward? But he's heading out of the bathroom, hands still wet from his post-piss rinsing, when he hears the dulled chimes of a new text coming from his bedroom and his mood glides right back up.
Turning his head to the side, he looked over at Cas, whose chest was rising and falling with quickly inhaled and exhaled breaths. Dean's gaze traveled lower. Cas had come all over his stomach. Probably it was both of theirs. His dick was mostly soft and sticking out of the top of his jeans, and Dean never knew he had that particular kink before but, turned out? Half-dressed sex with Cas? Kinda did it for him. By, like, a lot.
"Dean is bad-tempered around me as well," he shares with Sam as if he's welcoming the kid into some elite club. It makes Dean snort.
Christine gives their knees one last squeeze before pulling away. She grabs a nearby Kleenex and dabs at her eyes and runny nose, balling the thing up in her hand. "We were. At least, I thought so."
Dean checks their pulses one last time--weak, but there--before they bail, taking the djinn with them.
"Just, try and calm down," Sam suggests pointlessly, angling himself Dean's way, knobby knees and all, like he thinks being closer will prevent another round of
Charlie's shaking her head, fingers flying through the cash drawer. "Please don't pyro our boss," she pleads once more, only half-joking.
Cas kisses him just long enough to turn Dean's brain into a screensaver and then he's moving off, backing up with hands that linger on Dean's neck, his shoulder, his wrist.
He lets his hand fall as he pulls away, clapping Cas on the shoulder. He doesn't get very far again, this time because of Cas, who stops and draws him back in with a kiss that stifles the half-second of confusion bouncing around Dean's brain the moment their mouths meet. All at once, peace floods his body, as well as some other feelings that make him wonder vaguely if it's possible to defile the place.
They drive past a Biggersons and a Taco Bell before Cas sits up straight, which is Dean's cue they're coming up on something he likes. Sure enough, there's a diner, and it's in the shape of a freaking aluminum motor home. Dean snorts at Cas' predictability but he's already got his blinker on, pulling into the mostly empty parking lot.
Sam didn't share what happened to the place. If it went belly up, if a storm hit and the repairs were too costly, if the locals held some sorta grudge. But its insides look gutted. There are overturned tables in the corner and papery remnants of a business, that's it. Everything else is ratty and broke and covered in grime and dust.
Once Sam's special guest arrives, Dean stays in the apartment long enough to embarrass him, but he catches on quick that Sam really, really, really wants him gone, more even than he really, really wants to be alone with Jess.
It's kinda nuts how he knows next to nothing about the guy. That's an insane thing to realize when you're already so far gone. Even crazier, it doesn't change or lessen anything.
comment at his expense when his hand slips in something wet on the floor. He doesn't even have to look to know that it's blood, because it's warm and what else could it be?
"You remember our cover, right?" They're in the Impala outside some bar called The Thirsty Turtle, going over things one last time. Just in case. "I'm still Dean, you're still Cas, we met five years ago. Mechanic," he points at himself, then switches the direction of it to Cas. "Part time at a coffee shop." That had been Cas' idea.
So, okay. Turns out he might be dragging himself into the conversation. It's only because the more he watches -- and Dean's not, like, outright staring here, but he definitely keeps getting distracted by movement that just so happens to pull his gaze innocently in that direction -- the more it looks Cas is maybe being flirted with? Or is mutually flirting? Dean's never seen Cas do anything but prickle &/or gulp audibly in the face of sexual situations, so it's kind of hard to tell. There
Cas smiles at him like he knows exactly where Dean's brain just traveled. Dean toughens up his facial muscles and builds an impenetrable barrier around his thoughts.
They had laughed, like there was success in their failure. Cas, now, only dips his head forward in a slight, acknowledging nod.
Cas comes out of the bathroom with an ice bucket in each hand. He shows them off to Dean, who tosses up a sarcastic thumbs up.
All Dean can say is, "Wow," finding words genuinely hard to come by. It's not like either of them ever bragged about their extracurricular activities to any of the women they dated over the years, but Sam
Dean obliges with a quick grin of his own, but he's mostly busy trying to untangle himself out of the affectionate hold Sam's somehow locked him in.
Dean doesn't even know if him and Cas are friends, so not answering him feels like a solid move. Except Cas tracks him his whole walk back, with eyes like Dean kicked his dog, so he drops the pot back where it belongs and meets him across the register again.
When Cas finds his footing and straightens, their hips bump briefly together, pretty dang intimately, which knocks Dean's brain around like a needle on a track, but he doesn't panic, he doesn't even consider letting go.
Yeah, except it ain’t just that. If it was, they probably wouldn’t push each other away all the time, and it wouldn’t leave such an open wound when they did.
Except it did, and something about the trauma of it all, or maybe just residing next to a constant reminder, made Naomi reach out. Dean and Sam, when they weren't at their dad's friend Missouri's, spent a lot of their formative years under the Shurley's care. Thank god for childhood repression, because all Dean really remembers from that time is trying to follow all of Naomi's rules and missing his dad.
The insult isn't intended to do anything but lighten the mood, and it does exactly that. "So, we're 'cool?'" The phrase is awkward on his tongue, but it's something he hears often and has been meaning to try out. Dean seems to appreciate it, in any case
Dean's half-expecting something like that to come out of Cas' mouth anyway, but instead his eyes drag down Dean's body before going right back up. "You're dirty." Ah. Okay. Dean is that. Dean's got Purgatory grime coated on him so thickly, he thinks it'll take more than a few showers before he's clean. "Besides," Cas adds, "the walls in this house aren't as thick as you'd like to think they are."
For the record, Dean's emotions have been in a constant, fucked up tangle since he got here, but the way the alcohol in his gut seems to suddenly be sweating out of his body and how his pulse roars loudly in his ears is all brand fucking new.
"That my nerdy best friend wanted to bone me big time? Cas, I thought you were, you know, one of them late bloomers, or, hell, you didn't care about sex."
Dean notices a turnoff just up ahead into a little blip on the map called Beresford, so he takes it.
Dean grits his teeth and stares back at where Cas left. Damn son-of-a-bitch. “Fine,” he allows, and only starts trekking forward through the tangle of branches because he knows Benny’s right. Cas will find him.
All of a sudden, Dean can see where this is going. Bobby knows. He knows about him and Cas. Dean's whole head fills with the noise of his panic and he only snaps out of it when Bobby places a hand on his shoulder.
Charlie catches the look, and maybe some of his affection for her flinging itself off a cliff, because she laughs. "I'm kidding!"
"—so finally I told my mom that an office, that whole nine-to-five, business suit thing, wasn't for me, and it was like. You know in Old Yeller, when the dog dies? Like that. Like I pity-killed my mom's dreams."
He lets go of Cas and slides into one of those empty booths in the back. Cas sits down beside him, and frustration consumes Dean for a solid ten seconds because, jesus, personal space. Can he not have one freaking second to himself? But then he emerges from his rage and sees Cas glancing warily around the bar, like he's uncomfortable being there for whatever reason, and Dean doesn't have the heart to tell him to move.
If Dean was expecting a protest, it's not what he gets. He's feeling like this has been long overdue, like shit's finally making sense, and Cas must have those same thoughts too because he sinks his weight down like he's making a point, arching his back just enough to work up some barely-there friction. At the contact, Cas' eyes flutter shut and Dean's desire goes from this purely hypothetical, low simmering thing, to full-blown want.
they're talking about here, Purgatory's still lingering there between them, "there was a time I felt almost completely alone, more than I can ever recall being. Even when I went against Heaven, rebelled, I had --
Dean walks back out of the bathroom with a hand towel and a threatening finger pointed at Sam. "I will murder you in ways even Chuck couldn't imagine." Less hostile, but just as firm, "I'm not talking about my Cas thing with you."
"Alright, I gotta go," he says, his voice coming in-and-out like halfway through he switched the phone to his other ear.
There's this second where Dean nearly trips, where it feels like the ground is moving beneath him, all because he gets hit with a whammy of deja vu.
"Hey, Cas," Sam says, and Dean straight up jostles the lid, just barely avoiding sloshing scalding liquid all over his hand. Hold up. His brother's on a first name basis with the enemy?
Cas ignored that, unsympathetic to the visuals haunting Dean's vision. And, jesus, there were visuals. Instead he said, "Why didn't you tell me about work?"
"Man," he says instead, pushing it out under his breath, "is it just me, or are we in some kinda Anne Hathaway movie right now?" At the look Cas gives him -- one that basically says
"Tell him about the damn bones," Dean says, trying to squint through the dark. He slides up against the nearest wall and flicks the light switch that he finds, but nothing turns on. "Awesome," he mutters under his breath.
"Dean," Cas breathes, pushing at Dean's waistband. He's brought his knees up so that Dean can sink into the space between, and it makes it so every grind of their hips feels damn electric.
He was lifting the remote to turn the TV back up when the front door swung open, revealing Cas. They stared at each other for a long beat before Cas pushed the door shut behind him and headed straight for his bedroom.
"Holy crap," Dean cut in, with his head falling back, gaze lifting towards a perpetually grey sky. "Kill me. Kill me now."
" He doesn't phrase it as a question so Cas doesn't bother answering. Quietly, Dean laughs, but he sets the remote down and grabs his beer, settling in.
JoAnne's smile drops and some of the light fades from her eyes, but apparently this must be a frequent request because she forces some pep and says, “You betcha,” then scoots on out of there with a glance that says '
Now that the ice has been broken -- one weird phone call between them -- their friendship has been elevated to what Dean's sure is called 'bff' in certain circles. He's never really had a close friend that didn't come with the family name. It's sort of nuts but sort of awesome too that he'll wake up in the morning looking forward to a text from a guy he's barely even met.
Jo keeps on smiling while Dean turns his mug in small, counterclockwise circles through a ring of condensation.
. Slaying thousands of your brethren, however, with no home to return to, and no faith in God's design?" That's said with a dry, empty grin, one Dean doesn't like seeing on him. It's almost bitter, but it doesn't quite get that far with Cas staying as detached as possible. "It can be desolate. But then we'd also have to talk about punishment if we're talking about guilt. I deserved it."
Jesus, he's chattering. That just reaffirms that Dean was right, Cas has been out here freezing his ass off all morning.
"I mean, it was more of a throaty growl, all--" She dropped her voice like eight entire octaves to imitate, "'Dean is an assbutt,' but, yeah," she went on normally, "he's totally pissed at you. You dick."
By the time Castiel rouses back to, the lamp's doing nothing but wasting electricity. Bands of sunlight pour in through heavy window curtains that've been drawn back at the bottom.
"So, point is," Amelia's saying, eyes flaring with the dramatic storytelling of it and all Dean can think is
She backs up and allows it. “Normally, you’d be out of luck, but. What do you know! We've had a few cancellations, so…”
"I think it makes me an awesome friend. Guy would go along with murder if he thought it was the right thing. That's like second base with Meg."
Cas stares, searching for the meaning in that. Then he shakes his head. "So much for my blaze of glory."
When the guy had finally shown up on their doorstep three weeks ago, Dean barely recognized him. He was sporting a five o'clock shadow that seemed dialed more to nine o'clock, thicker and longer than what he grew down in Purgatory, even. His coat was gone, replaced with a filthy hoodie. Same for the tie and suit underneath.
Dean scans the whole license real quick, logic telling him something else has got to be weird about it otherwise what would be the point of Cas keeping it secret, but the height, eye color, the shiny Texas state hologram, Castiel Winchester; all of it is absolutely normal.
, christ -- they had themselves one of them good, long, air-clearing chats, but Dean feels no more calmed by it now than he did the hour ago this all started.
Sam throws an arm around her shoulder and gives her a loving, almost protective, shake, which Dean sees and then abruptly feels twelve kinds of awkward over, like he's witnessing something private.
"If you're cool, and I mean the real, genuine deal," Sam tells him, "Great. I'll leave it be. I'll co-found the 'Asstyel' clubhouse with you. But. You do know we can talk, too. Right? If you're not okay?"
Ignoring Castiel's glower, Dean sticks out a hand and grins. "Name's Dean," he introduces himself with. Truthfully, he's expecting Andy's face to light up with recognition, because surely Cas must, at the very least, have mentioned his pal back home every once in a while. You know, the guy he bunks with. Best buds. But she only grips him back firmly, flirty, and shakes his hand, no awareness at all. Something about that disappoints him more than it probably should. Right away he can feel his interest plummet from the seven it was teetering at, to about a two.
It's one big room split into three small sections, the shelves dusty as hell and the magazine rack outdated by two years, but Cas goes down each row of books. Dean follows him through the first few stacks, but when it becomes obvious Cas is going to literally peruse the entire place, he shuffles off with a be-right-back.
They could be at a morgue right now, cracking this case wide open. Instead they're still housebound, going over their limited options.
A lie, Cas realizes. But he's better now at determining who is meant to benefit from those, and this one is for his sake, so he accepts it.
"There were so many times we had our necks on the line, man. Me and Sam both, and Cas. He always came through. Always in the nick of time. He, uh, kinda broke rank for us. For Sam. For me."
Okay? He doesn't immediately know what the hell Sam's getting at, and he makes a face to tell him so.
"Of course, because running away is the most cowardly thing to do, and you're always eager to reject being brave."
Well, first he pulls his boxers down far enough for not-that-little Dean to be fabric free, then he's doing the sucking.
The surprise on Dean's face is genuine, and when Cas looks his way again, he sees it mirrored there. There wasn't anything in the papers that hinted the guy killed himself.
She ignores that to tighten her robe around her waist, facing off with Dean and Cas both. Insanely, Dean notices she's wearing matching fuzzy slippers. "Explain, now. What's the meaning of this?"
"Alrighty," Dean says, after a beat. Together the two of them head up the concrete path from the sidewalk to the front door.
"One and the same," Sam answers for him, full of pride. There is something new in how Sam's smiling, something retaliatory and calculated, that Dean doesn't like very much. That instinct is only confirmed, horribly so, when Christine reaches out and grips Dean around the knee.
When he jogs over to Cas' late the following morning, Cas is piling a bunch of boxes into the trunk of that shit mobile. Dean makes out 'books' and 'linens' written in black marker on the top of them before they disappear into the back space.
That gets a glower. Dean feels pretty damn pleased with himself, all things considered. At least until Sam shepherds him into the library and closes the door after them. He turns on Dean with a scowl. If Dean was to squint just so, he bets he'd see steam coming out of Sam's flaring nostrils.
Dean glares at Cas, but it only holds up for so long before crumbling into something not quite amused, but close.
"Charlie told you," Cas guesses. He makes it sound like an accusation too, like in the thirty seconds Dean spent with her she spilled all the dirty, dirty ways to take this guy down, like this is some real life espionage.
By the time he gets back with a glass of water and a couple of Advil, Sam's snoring lightly and Dean doesn't have the heart to wake him. He leaves it on the coffee table where it'll be found in, oh, twenty minutes when the barfing starts up? Yep.
Dean is rooted in place, some emotion unfurling inside him he doesn't have a name for but is almost like relief.
That made Cas move. The fridge door shut with a soft thwack and Cas took a seat at their crappy kitchen table that was missing part of one of its legs, held up instead by a small stack of phone books. They used grocery ads for placemats. Because that was how fancy people like them rolled.
"Damn." Dean lets out a low whistling noise. At the same time, something squeezes in his chest, making it feel constricted and tight. "That long, huh? Time flies when you're running for your life. You miss me?" Under the needling tone is some real strain. It felt like a long time down there in monsterland, but it's not like he had a wall calendar he could mark days off on. Five years, though? Jesus.
"Son of a bitch," Dean swears, pressing down around the wound. Blood seeps through his fingers right away, a shit ton of it, enough that dread and fear uncoil inside him, but it's Castiel's non-reaction that sends his heart ricocheting straight up his throat.
Cas repeats, "Sometimes?" in a tone that implies there ought to be a higher occurrence rate than that.
"Dean," Cas finally manages. And Dean knows what it is. He knows and it pisses him off, because it's not supposed to be like this, this was a ghost for fuck's sake.
Clearing his throat, Dean tries to shut down the noise in his head alerting him he's a giant sap. "Yeah, you know. For our roadtrips. Or whatever." It's a pretty big concession, giving over control of the radio like that, considering his car's well-established cardinal rule and all. Sam would shit literal exclamation points if he ever found out.
Dean ducks out with a grin -- and then sticks his head right back in, saying, "But for real, things get hot n'heavy? Put a sock on the--"
Dean carries the hutch in first, sweating up the flight of stairs to their apartment. When he shoulders his way inside, Sam spots him right away and calls out, "Dude."
His face is a grimace by the time he's made it inside, and he swipes himself down, cringing and debating already whether to give up now and call it a bust, maybe grab a six-pack on the way home so he'll be able to put up with Sam's smug I-told-you-so face. Two seconds isn't a long time to last, but then again, Dean's always been a quality-over-quantity kind of guy.
He scoffs at that and does a poor job stifling his smile. He can't help it that Cas gave him one hell of a blow job mere minutes before company arrived and the endorphins are still kicking around.
This is not going to be one of them. Cas makes damn sure of that, flying forward, kissing the fuck out of Dean.
"And google, what? 'Cause it ain't like they got a website for this sorta thing. Unless they do," he automatically reconsiders. Five years into the future. It might be the friggin'
"No way," he grounds out in a low hiss, just in case Sam or Kevin are near and might somehow know what's being asked of Dean.
"Oh, yeah. Don't you got some sorta favor to ask? If you killed somebody, just say the word. I'll lend you a rug, we'll do a little body dumping..."
Because Cas is nothing if not a man governed by his own clock, Dean winds up being 10 minutes early, but that just gives him plenty of time to get himself coffee and a slice of pie and to lay claim to a table before the hordes of hipsters swarm for their chai lattes and kale salad.
"It's broke," he grunts out, deflecting the questions before they start. He finally pries the nail loose and, victorious, wields it at Cas, proud as hell.
"Plus," Dean says, repressing that last thought, "she's gay. Even if I wanted to jump her bones, I've got one body part too many. She'd neuter me, dude."
Later, when they're leaving and Cas is already halfway down the tree, Dean catches sight of their initials carved in the wood over the entrance. He remembers that. Cas had taken a screwdriver and etched his initials first, and Dean used his pocket knife to add his own after. Underneath, Cas had written 'forever' and Dean remembers that, too; the small, secret smiles they shared, them two against the whole damn world.
. Cas has given Dean every reason to drop him from his life, and except for the fact that the universe seems bent on doing its damnest to constantly tether them back together, Dean
Cas doesn't make a big deal about getting up and sitting opposite him, but there's a little bit of tension now where before they were both sharing the same mellow mood.
Cas shoves a hand between them until he's able to cup Dean's junk through his boxers, which cuts off the air in Dean's throat and reintroduces his wandering mind back to reality. When Cas pushes down roughly with the heel of that hand, Dean's brain switches over to TV static.
The denial was too sharp even to his own ears, but as far as he knew, Cas was still out of it when Dean
They stare too long, but that's become par for the course. Eventually Cas breaks it up, stepping away and looking aside. Dean makes a throat-clearing noise while Cas asks, "So, can I ask the first step?"
They're swept immediately onto the set of some cheesy B-movie when they enter the building. Feels like it, anyway. Somehow he failed to notice the place was called Beach Motel. Even though they're nowhere near the water, its insides look like someone spewed the ocean into it.
Bobby stares at him in that aw-poor-stunted-Dean way he's gotten pretty used to before drawling, "I wasn't gonna, but now that you mention it. You've got that glow. Who's the daddy?"
Yes. But Cas doesn't understand the correlation. It's true, had Dean opened the bunker to Cas he would've had a roof over his head, maybe even a support system, but he would still be just as useless, he'd still have been the one to have disordered Heaven.
"I remember," she says, but it's affectionate. Hell, it's flirty as fuck and Dean feels inspired by it.
Dean snorts, his eyebrows drawing up wryly. "Cas," he greets right back, but his inflection dips, loaded as it is with sarcasm. Cas Romeo-and-Juliet'd him out of his freaking bedroom at ass-o'clock in the morning, and now they're just gonna sit here like that's normal? Well, okay.
"Wow," Charlie says, and Dean practically double-takes because he legit forgot she was there, caught up as he was by Castiel. It's like the guy makes his guard shoot way up, like he hears the dude's voice and all these little villagers inside him go '
Five minutes later he's bored out of his mind and annoyed with humanity anew, so he pulls out his phone and scrolls through his most recent texts.
Cas stares the stare of the blissfully unaware. Mostly he's confused by Dean's hostility paired up against Sam's way too self-congratulatory mood. For his benefit, Dean jerks his head up, where the sheet with the printed out mistletoe still hangs, now more ominously and foreboding than ever.
That feeling like you need to bathe in alcohol to cleanse away the bad? Yeah. Dean's going through it. Pass the Purell.
"I should go. Gabriel is staring at me in a way that implies he's going to seek retribution in the form of arson. Which has happened before."
thrown them for a loop, 'time-traveling straight out of Purgatory' shouldn't be an easy pill to swallow. Dean's freaked the fuck out, frankly, and not just because one of those magnets he saw on the fridge earlier is framing a picture of him and Cas cozied up together. As cozy as you can get, anyway, with a thrice-over angel of the Lord. This is not normal, okay. Being beamed into the future is not normal.
"Good," Dean deflects, flipping the engine over. It lands with a thunk that shakes the whole table. "We're on the same page here."
Dean's got the Impala parked down at the end of the road, her engine growling softly just so he's got something to listen to. There's a cassette in the tape deck, but Dean's not really in a jinxing mood.
“It’s safer this way,” Cas agrees like he’s reciting something back at him, and Dean can feel the double meaning, can all too easily dredge up the hurt Cas blasted him with the last time they said goodbye, back in Rexford.
"Cas?" he says, eyes back on Castiel again. He has to work his way around a lump in his throat, emotions dialed way up past ten. "That you?" Dean's still kneeling, still on the floor, but all the blood is gone. Cas' blood.
"What?" she says when she notices Dean's staring, interrupted from her humming and head-bopping. "It's a classic."
Sam attempts the evil eye, but it proves to be too much for him. He winds up letting his head fall back against the wall, his eyes squeezed shut.
Tuesday night dinners at Bobby's have been mandatory since Dean was 24 and he could afford to live on his own. It's not often they miss them.
What he wants to do, and what is right to do, don't seem to be the same thing anymore, and he battles with another choice.
"Cas," he croaks, muffled by the pile of dirty clothes Cas has wrestled him into. If this is it -- if Cas is done with him -- he just wants it to go quick.
He's alive, and whole, and... human, if the stutter of his suddenly anxious heart is anything to go by.
"Dean, you keep your big mouth closed, " Ellen warns him, "and you," she tells Jo, "get over yourself."
Dean goes straight for overly cheerful and everything's-fine-here. "Can't sleep either, huh?" Big grin, too.
Sam stares back long and bitchy, but there is so much friendship and warmth going on there that Dean finds it a little hard to stand. It's almost like he's jealous of it, only he doesn't know who to be jealous of, which is a feeling he could really do without.
"You have always shined brightly, Dean," he says, and it comes out so loaded and full of awe, Dean laughs it off.
Dean scrubs his hand down his eyes. His first instinct, as always, is to protect his brother. "Puberty thing," he lies. "It'll blow over."
JoAnne looks pleased that a potential relationship spat was resolved before her very eyes. Pointedly, she walks back towards the bathroom. “I think you'll both enjoy the large shower, and it’s dual showerheads, and full bench seating—”
Every word is like a new smack to his head. If Cas wasn’t still at his side, still gripping his hand, he might've bailed, just to go emotionally repress elsewhere.
“I mean, yeah,” he leans in, talking lowly out the side of his mouth, “but you say it like that, we're gonna have a repeat of last time.” When Dean and Cas got chased out of that brothel by two big dudes and some angrily flung high heels.
Still looming over him, Cas does the Cas equivalent of an eye-roll, which is to furrow his brow and stare extra hard. "Don't be stupid."
"What about you, sugar?" Judith overhears and asks Dean, placing Cas's steaming mug of tea on the counter in front of him. She swipes her hands down her apron, waiting.
Dean flips through a few more receipts in the console. Totally violating Cas's privacy, for sure, but Cas says nothing of it. Besides, Dean's not really reading the fine print, it's more just something to do.
Finally Cas sits up, some foot or so between them. He looks away, clenching his jaw. "We've been through much together, you and I," he starts, and this is it, this is Cas saying goodbye. Dean gets desperate.
Weirdly enough, Cas is almost smiling? Not, like, full-on grinning, but Dean's mini tantrum has him staring softly at Dean like he's realized that beneath all the prickles there's a sappy, gooey center.
"Little bit," Dean argues, grinning. All he gets for his suddenly chipper mood is a pissy glare that implies everything about the past five minutes is Dean's fault, including the post-shower groping. "Cas," Dean softly laughs, "get your ass over here."
“Right, we. Uh, me and Cas, that is. We’re, y’know, batting for the same team here,” is the first thing that comes to mind.
Sam comes up behind Dean and snatches the eight from him, handing it over to Cas with a strong dose of his judgmental eyes locked on his brother. "Cheating, Dean? At 'Go Fish'?" He says it the same way he might accuse Dean of beating babies or voting Republican.
Amelia rolls her eyes, nailing Sam's usual brand of nagging like she inherited it with the family name. "Not the apron, doofus. You!" She gestures more enthusiastically. "Your eyes have cartoon sparkles in them and, Dean, I don't want to alarm you, but your frown? Has been turned upside down."
had shrieked and tossed the pair of them out. Dean had asked, later, what that was about, but Cas is taking that secret to his grave, only telling Dean that it was a worthwhile experience and now he knows the things not to do.
That stings. It lands like a blow, and Dean rocks back with it. He's not going to have his protection of Sam thrown back in his face. "Yeah, Cas, you know what--"
now?" Sam asks from the kitchen table. The way his voice dips as he says it, he thinks he's being funny, like he might as well be asking if Dean bangs animals.
"Okay," Sam says placatingly, close to another eye roll. Grabbing his water, he makes to leave the kitchen, only Dean darts in front of him, wielding the spatula like a sword.
Dean glances down. So maybe the apron was a bad idea, but he'd found it curled up in the pantry as a gag gift, and Cas had seemed pretty into it when Dean joked about putting it on.
"I think,” Cas says, “that I get the big deal.” And he blasts a look at Dean after, something steady and sincere.
Mostly he keeps to himself, resigned to the fact that unless he wants to plain out hide away in his bedroom, he's basically going to be standing in a corner willing himself into becoming one with the wallpaper. Sam eyes him a few times, trying to figure out why Dean's giving off weirdo vibes and embarrassing him, but so long as Dean doesn't break out the karaoke machine as a last minute hail mary, he figures he's okay.
"Yes, Dean, nice. Sometimes people connect emotionally and it's just as satisfying as sex. Spoiler. Ugh." Sam sits up again, blinking weirdly, like his eyelids are glued together. "God. Everything hurts right now. My eyes. Ow. My hair."
He'd mistaken him for some guy jonesing to get his coffee fix, but that was set straight when one of those slotted cardboard boxes appeared between them.
Michaels, he knows, is the giant conglomerate across the street. It's kinda hard to miss when it looms over the other shops in the strip mall like some evil headquarter.
"Dean," Cas says, pulling back to stare at him. "What did I say?" He raises his eyebrows and waits for Dean to remember, and when Dean does -- 'blow me' -- he wraps his legs around Cas' and flips them.
that same uptight guy he always was. Instead of finding that off-putting, it's actually a relief. Like there's still something
Yeah, but. He kinda likes the way Castiel talks. And, what, he's not allowed to have a new friend? Maybe he could use a guy like Castiel in his life. He makes him smile and how often nowadays does that happen?
He turns on his phone, pulls up his contacts list, and let's his finger hover over Dean's name. But something stops him. Something he's unwilling to put a name to.
Dean flat out gapes. There's wrong, and then there's being so wrong, you should be arrested. "Uh, yeah. Who, F-Y-I?
Cas also gets the newspaper from the front stoop every morning and only reads the wanted ads, there are house plants he mothers the same way people look after kids, and he's the world's biggest sucker for late night TV. Infomercials are a legitimate problem, all canned laughter and 1-800 numbers and lifetime guarantees.
And, awesome, now Sam's looking at him in a new way too. Less like he's worried Dean smacked his head somewhere and more like Dean's the answer to the goddamn divine. That thought comes with a pulse of worry attached, because, seriously,
Still, Dean sets across the street anyway. He steps into a puddle of melted snow right off the bat, and curses at his awesome luck. When he looks up, still shaking the slush off of him, he meets the eyes of Scarf Guy. Who is doing a piss poor job of stifling his amusement. Again.
"My god," Lisa hisses, leaning in close so she can whisper-shout at him without disturbing the hipster vibe. "Is it really so terrible I might want to move in with my boyfriend after eight months? And, you know, all this freaking out and I never even said, hey, here's my dream choice, let's put a freaking ring on it, all I did was throw it out there as a possibility because I mistook you for an actual adult."
"You're entitled to your feelings," Cas finally tells him, sounding like some new age, gong-smacking, granola-muncher. It's like he actually believes that shit too.
Except it's already been forty minutes and she's still a no-show. "Sam opened the pin on that grenade a while ago."
Dean didn't come back out of his room after the call from Lisa. He barely wanted to be there in the first place, he definitely wasn't up for a round of sympathy eyes or 'you wanna talk about your feelings, big guy?' Mostly from Sam and Charlie, but he knows Cas would've wanted to check in too. The hellest of no's.
Cas swats Dean's hand away. "I don't have a head injury. I can think just fine. Dean," he says then, straining, "blow me."
Sam looks properly chastized. Even Dean relents. "Alright," he says. "We get it. No fighting. No need to go all Rain Man on us, Cas."
And then he's ignoring whatever's going on with Cas's face, stomping back across the road. He nearly faceplants on a patch of ice but he manages to make it back unscathed, except his heart is pounding and there's a tightness in his chest like wires tangling the bones up through his sternum.
"There's a difference between belief and knowledge, Castiel. Do you believe he has plans or do you know he has plans?"
At this point, Sam resorts to his usual thirty-second time out trick. During it, he takes a little mental vacation in the hopes of channeling his inner-Yanni, giving himself a moment to dial back into something zen and on the same spiritual wavelength as granola. That's what he says. More like, he thinks if he waits it out long enough, Dean'll grow bored of whatever it is he's doing that's pissing Sam off, and stop. That has literally never happened, but you can't fault a guy for consistently trying in the face of failure.
Sam taps the hammer to the head of the nail. "What else, Cas?" Then he kicks at Dean's boot. "Hey, where's my beer?"
He might've walked in on the guy jerking himself off, but, no, it was Cas, who was practically a Puritan by Dean's standards. He was curled up on his bed in a nest of blankets, looking like shit warmed over. The sight of Dean had him perking a little, mostly out of curiosity, but when Dean kicked the door shut behind him and Cas noticed the pillow that'd tagged along, he wilted back down.
. Maybe it's a little careless, but it doesn't warrant another dose of shame-eyes from his brother, which is what he gets.
"Don't wanna know," he says quick, the implication there being Dean and Cas were, what? Screwing around together?
“Dean, you don’t have to,” Cas says, standing at his side, a little too close. “There’s no pressure here.”
Dean sits up a little more, sliding a tired hand down his face to wake himself up some. His beer's still on the night stand from the night before. What are the chances it doesn't taste like warm ass?
When she turns her back and starts leading them toward the kitchen, Dean widens his eyes at Cas and jerks his head toward the bedrooms where he figures the attic will be. Manning’s family told Sam they left some of his belongings behind to furnish the house while they were trying to sell it. Makes sense to check out the spookiest part first. They don’t even know what the hell they’re looking for. Kind of a—they'll know it when they see it sorta thing.
"Seriously," he continues, lowering his voice so the saleswoman in the next aisle over will quit staring. That doesn't stop him from miming a gun to his temple. "Kill me now."
He's almost off the porch entirely when Naomi stops him. "Dean," she says, making him close his eyes before turning her way. "You know you're welcome here, anytime. Even with Castiel moving on."
Dean stares. And then he blinks. “You, maybe not. The guy you’re hitching a ride in?” With a wink that’s more of a defense mechanism than anything, Dean tells him, “Pretty sure he’s all horn.”
A 'hey, fuck you' is right there on the tip of his tongue, but Gabriel pulls his hands up in faux defense. "I'm kidding, obviously. Name's Gabriel. You're Dean. Let's pretend I didn't pull the foam penis card. Enjoy your latte, come back again. Break my brother's heart, I'll gut you like Bambi. Good talk, bye-bye."
So, experimentally, Cas rolls his hips forward. It makes things a little fuller for Dean, adds more pressure, but there's no mindblowing sensation or spiritual revelations that have him swearing off heterosexual sex for good. Just, tension. And not even the good kind.
He can practically hear Cas's indignation on the other line coming through loud and clear in all the silence. And then Cas says, "Fine," like he realizes, against Tolk, this is a battle he's already lost so he might as well concede.
"I can help," Dean blurts. It draws Naomi's attention his way, and her scrutiny makes him squirm. So he lies. "Sam wanted me to watch something with him, but, whatever, TV rots your brain, right? I can help. Ma'am," he tacks on uncomfortably when she just keeps staring.
"You sure you don't want his number yourself? I mean, the way you're swinging right now, gay's about the last thing I'd call you."
Dean smiles tightly. “You're hilarious,” he tells the two of them. “And it's a 'he,' you giant, sexist douchewad.”
Dean forces a grin, though his eyes promise there will be payback. Oh, there will be payback. "You know me. Love that Cas," he bites out through his teeth. There are physical pains, that's how hard he's working to keep up the content look.
The first firework peels off into the sky while Dean's coming down from the slight jog, still breathing hard to catch his breath. He should be watching, but instead he stares at Cas. And Cas, whose whole face all of a sudden lights up pink from the tiny explosion in the sky, is staring back.
Dean looks him over, genuinely this time, not just as a passing 'if I ignore it it'll go away' glance. He's not a bad-looking dude, which means he's kind of flattered if this is the come-on he thinks it might be. No way would he ever be considered Dean's type, though--tweed jacket over a sweater that has a French bulldog graphic on it, these dead grass colored jeans that only go down to the ankle to show off a pair of purposely tattered boots, and an English accent that's borderline Dick Van Dyke.
Cas' eyes fly open and a long look passes between them. Then Cas is pitching forward like someone yanked a rope around his chest, that first move all on him, which does for Dean's brain what anvils do for cartoon coyotes. It basically sends him freefalling off a tall cliff.
When he joins Cas, Cas is rinsing his hands off in the sink. Their eyes meet in the mirror and he stares at Dean with a look that implies the night turned on them real fast, but there's also fondness there, tentative and cautious.
He can see the corner of Cas's mouth pull up into a small smile. "Maybe. But I enjoy spending time with Charlie. She's very... confident."
Cas was the first to break the stare-off. Dean heard his foot fall a couple beats after his, and then the low chuckling of Benny right behind them.
He has some pretty damn good instincts; Dean smiles innocently, then surges out of the water, wrapping around Cas and dragging him under so fast, there's hardly even a splash. It lasts a whopping two seconds, and Dean's not doing anything he wouldn't do to Sam, but when he pops back up for air, he worries this is crossing a line that'll wind up backfiring on him.
"Well, again." The guy's gone scarily calm. "Thank you for the hot chocolate. But I have more people to, as you say, harass, so if you'd mind--"
And Dean knew he was talking about his mini-panic about Cas. There wasn't anymore spacing out. No public squabbles. Even Ellen had quit staring at him like she was going to mother his issues away
"I once claimed to belong to a group that gathered recreationally for the purpose of stating each person's name and confessions. There were sandwiches."
Cas comes up from behind, changed out of his work clothes. Dean didn't understand why he did it the first few days, but he gets it now. Work clothes wind up smelling like the zoo.
"A girl's gotta live vicariously," she defends, totally shameless about it, like: pervs gonna perv. Which is a logic he will not argue. "So, no then? Aw." She thwacks his back to console him.
That snaps Dean's attention his way. Damn if it doesn’t sting. At the glare he knows he’s giving, Benny intentionally eases up, making a show of it.
He blurts, "I'd like to eat," before his brain has time to catch up with his mouth. Dean jerks his gaze over to Cas. He's surprised. Cas meets Dean's eyes and tries not to look too eager at the prospect, in case a meal wasn't part of the plan.
He isn't wrong on any of that. Apparently someone hired a DJ to sort through every song from the past decade and pick all the worst ones. That's the assault happening to his ears right now, never mind the constant smothered feeling brought on by the hordes of happy people trapped in a darkened, too-small rec room.
"Hell, he's saved my sorry ass a couple dozen times after that, too," he told Benny, gruff, without really knowing why he was saying it.
concern Sam gets like even though the world is crap, it's his to fix -- that makes a choked off noise catch in Dean's throat. Still, he tightens his hold, tightens his jaw, tightens up everything. "Don't make me ask again."
"Yeah. I got that. Thanks," Dean threw back, sticking the buds back in his ears, but Cas rounded the bed before he could tune him out, coming even closer.
“Ava?” Dean called, stepping forward. “You’re Ava, right?” But the girl made no sign she had heard anything. Just kept standing there.
“Falling isn’t enough to kill me,” the man stated as if crashing into the earth from heights unknown was an everyday occurrence.
Dean let the sound of their footfalls fill the pause while Sam slowed his pace to lag behind. Sammy was annoying about ninety percent of the time, but Dean was grateful he knew where to draw the line.
“I didn’t say I didn’t like Dean’s sweater,” Sam cut in once he caught sight of the kicked puppy look that Cas was sporting. “I—I think they’re great. Very festive.”
“Dean, please promise me you won’t be weird about this.” Sam stared at him, on the verge of one of his bitch faces. They were standing in front of a fake hospital room, three walls housing a couple of beds, heart monitors and IVs. “Jess won’t be able to get you back on set if you freak the guy out.”
Cas stared at the freckled face in front of him, green eyes practically glowing from the sparks still flying around them. He could feel his own face heating up from absolute mortification. He hadn’t lost control of his powers like that since he was little, and certainly never so explosively.
“Uh, can you stop inviting yourself over to my house?” Dean replied, tightening the arm he had slung around Cas’ shoulders.
Dean shot him a sympathetic grimace. “Sucks, dude. I’d say that you could have called me, but the Honda’s still acting funny. Me and Sammy had to ask for a ride from our dad.”
“Like hell I’m leaving,” Jo said. “If you guys are going down, obviously I’m going down with you. I just want to make sure we’re all on the same page here.”
By ten, Sam couldn’t take it anymore and announced he was going to get ahead on some of his reading.
“I’ll see you at work tomorrow,” Gilda added towards Jess who was standing by Sam’s side, trying to calm him down with a hand on his arm. Jess nodded at her with a strained looking smile, the best she could muster up in these circumstances.
“Maybe forty. Hell, Sammy, I don’t know. A long ass time.” Dean sighed, a happy and content little noise and closed his eyes. “Probably forever.”
Sam snorted and got into the front seat. Dean followed suit on the driver’s side. They both turned around to look at Cas and saw that he had already fallen asleep, curled up like a cat on the backseat.
He eventually accepted. And now he and Jess were back in their bungalow, sleeping off the huge meal Dean had cooked for dinner.
Dean felt his heart constricting in his chest. So it was a little lame, but the thought of Cas and Sammy getting along so well sort of made his heart soar. It’s not even like it was a new thing, it was just…
“She even says there’s another student there who was dropped off early, so you can stop worrying about being there alone.”
Cas gave him a penetrating look. “You should. The things you make now are delicious and they’re just regular flavors.”
“Oh my gosh, you so are,” she fought back. “Every time I see you two narrowly avoiding each other’s eyes it’s like I’m back watching Deathly Hallows and Ron is staring all lovey dovey at Hermione when she’s trying to teach him the piano. Except with you two it’s even worse since I can’t just skip to the end and watch them get together—granted I’d rather read about them getting together since it was much better in the books, but I’m just trying to give you a visual. Although, really, it was so much better and poignant in the books since Ron
“No, it’s not—it’s just—seriously? Five minutes ago you were,” he began making a gesture with his hands, but thought better of it and let them fall back to the table, “you know, and now you’re not even going to talk about it?”
Dean sat in bed fiddling with his phone. He had just gotten Cas’ goodnight text and knew it would only be a few more minutes before he’d have to take the African Dream Root. Usually dreams came around ninety minutes into sleeping, but Cas was again a special case. His started almost the minute he fell asleep. They suspected the reason was the psychic powers and the monster.
A grin took over Cas’ lips as he turned to face his devious boyfriend. “Oh, Dean,” he said, reaching a hand up to run through those golden brown strands. “You already do anything. Honestly, if there’s something we haven’t already tried, I think I’d be too scared to attempt it.”
Cas shook his head, albeit fondly. “Dean, I would like to go with you to the dance,” he tried again. “Would you like to go with me?”
“Fuck that,” Dean said. “I’m at least stitching you up, come here, sit.” He pushed Cas down into the back of Sam’s car. “You got a first aid kit, Sammy?” he asked.
The three of them watched him leave, and Sam at least had the decency to wait for the sound of the back door slamming shut before turning to Bobby and Cas. “What are you guys not telling me about Dean?”
Dean let out a sigh. “I don’t want to,” he said. “But if dad mobilizes the hunters against us, I don’t really see another option, you know?”
“There’s always a hunter in this house,” Cas replied with an eye roll. “Now what would you like me to do? Shoo or stall?”
“Whoever that was just broke my arm like it was nothing,” John said, opening up the medicine cabinet and searching through it. “And his eyes glowed when he did it. That thing ain’t a human. Humans don’t have that kind of power.”
“Well,” Jo said. “This night just keeps getting better and better.” But she followed as the other three took off towards where they saw Ava running.
Originally, Cas had thought that it would be easy. Balthazar had always been able to read him like a book and he had a very difficult time lying to him about his feelings. Lying to him about facts was a piece of cake, but somehow his cousin knew every time he so much as glanced in another’s direction. So really, this should have been simple. He knew he was in love with Dean, had been for quite some time now and had already resigned himself to the fact that his feelings wouldn’t be reciprocated, so he thought yes, perfect, Balthazar would never suspect. He’d be able to see that Cas was smitten and simply lie about the fact that their relationship wasn’t romantic in nature. He did, however, forget to factor in one tiny little thing—Dean was a little shit.
Oh god, Dean was pathetic. He was crying in the middle of a bar. Actual tears were coming out of his eyes. Sounds he would never admit to making were coming out of his mouth in front of a hot guy. (Well, he thinks he’s hot. Dean can’t really see straight, but the dark haired dude sitting next to him had a sexy as fuck voice, so he had to be hot, too, right?) And the hot guy was interested in him. At least, he’s pretty sure that the dude asked to buy him a drink. If Dean wasn’t so pathetic he may have accepted. It’s not like his dad was here to judge. Maybe he should have said yes. There was something oddly comforting about the complete stranger that was probably hot sitting next to him. He should have said yes and then they could have had a drink and then maybe they could have had the apple pie life together like he never let himself dream about. He could still hunt, but he wouldn’t have to, and things could have been okay. He would have been so happy, probably, and maybe if he proved he could have a life like that then Sammy would come back and they could live an apple pie life together. Not like
He had used a lot of power already, so he did have to be careful not to tire himself out too soon, but he was getting close.
“Those guys were jerks, okay?” Dean said, taking a few steps into the room. “Don’t let them bug you.”
“Dude, you are one fugly son of a bitch,” Dean told the thing as he avoided another one of its attacks. He had his machete in his hand and his gun tucked into the back of his pants, but he was finding it difficult to do more than dodge attacks. Dean needed to get back on the ground. Cas’ adversary definitely had the advantage in the air, but on the ground Dean knew he had it in the bag. He practically grew up hunting down monsters in the forest.
Cas just opened up his menu and began perusing what he already had memorized. “It’s all about the poker face, Dean.”
“It was freaky at first,” Dean informed him. “I mean, shit. You don’t know how weird it is to trust someone instantly and absolutely. It’s like…” Dean pursed his lips and leaned back into Cas’ embrace. “One day there’s dad telling you to trust no one and the next thing you know there’s this person who you just
“But I don’t even know how to dance.” Cas said it like he just admitted to still watching Barney. “And I think that’s something she’ll probably expect to do.”
“Won’t be you in there anymore, kiddo. You gotta be smart about this.” It’s what Gabriel always told him whenever Cas started to get anxious. He usually paired it with a knock on the head or a noogie if he was feeling particularly annoying. It was usually enough to quell Cas’ desire to try something reckless.
Cas chuckled. “At least wait until after the honeymoon. I have plans for that angel-loving ass of yours.” He slid his hand from Dean’s knee up his thigh.
written in Dean’s messy handwriting. And attached to the card, a bag of bee shaped chocolates. He looked up to see Dean staring down at his gift in awe.
Dean and Cas were stretched out in the back of a rusty old pick up watching the sun set on the horizon.
The walk to Charlie’s house was long, longer in the heat. It was basically torture. Especially with the way Cas’ white shirt stuck to his chest and back. Dean had a hard time looking away, and with the way Sam was smirking in his peripheral, he wasn’t exactly being subtle.
“At least we didn’t have to suffer through another discussion of who’s the hottest in Star Trek, right?” Gilda replied.
“Why not?” she whined. “You two are totally the will-they-won’t-they couple of the school! And I have my money on will!”
Cas sighed and capped the marker he had been using to create the treasure map. “We shouldn’t be here when he realizes his candy is gone.”
Sam watched the whole proceeding, hearing their argument and subsequent makeup as if through a filter. His mind was still stuck on Cas not being human. But it wasn’t just that, it was seeing
“No, hey,” Dean said, trying to angle himself in such a way that Cas would have to make eye contact again, but though they were still closely dancing that just seemed to make it easier for Cas to keep his face turned away. “What do you mean?”
“Sam,” Cas said, his face as serious and intense as it is while studying for finals, “is that true?”
“We’re not having this discussion again,” Dean told him. He grabbed the remaining two plates and pushed his way past Sam to get to the pizza on the dining room table.
“Positive,” Cas replied. “Although, I supposed I’ve always lived in the periphery of the hunting world. But I never went on a hunt until I went on one with Dean.”
Cas smiled through the morning rush, he usually did with Dean at his side stealing small touches here and there as they reached across each other for pastry bags and to-go boxes, fingers lingering as they passed coffees and espressos. He knew that Gabriel meant well with wanting him to take it easy, but Dean—and all of it really—was what made his life worth living. He’d always had a purpose, sure; he had been born with a very specific one in mind, but that’s all he had been before he stumbled into Dean’s bakery. A purpose rather than a person. And he couldn’t give up his personhood. He wouldn’t.
“Oh no,” Charlie said, standing aside to let them in her house. “Are you in the middle of a lover’s quarrel? Should you come back later?”
“To be fair,” Cas said. “Most people don’t bond immediately like we did. I suspect it happened so quickly because Dean’s inhibitions were gone and I was caught completely unawares. It happened before I even realized. Most humans are eased into the situation.”
“Well, either way he won’t be able to. No one even knows where the Sword of Bruncvik is, and I don’t know of any other swords forged in dragon’s blood that haven’t been destroyed.”
He slammed the book closed and focused all of his attention on Ms. Harvelle’s explanation of how a punnett square worked.
But then Dean cleared his throat. “Maybe we should get back,” he said in a husky voice, as if they’d been there a thousand years and forgotten how to speak.
Cas liked that movie. Who can say no to Sansa as Jean Grey? And Olivia Munn as Psylocke? Well, let’s just say Dean had never felt more bisexual than the moment he was sitting in the theater next to his super-hot boyfriend while watching Psylocke kick some ass on the big screen.
With a sigh that was more of a whimper of pain, he pushed himself to his feet and stumbled towards the front door so that he could stop the incessant pounding. He felt like he was living through one of Edgar Allen Poe’s nightmares. If there was a raven at the door, he was punching it.
“Yes,” Cas said. “Dean and I are both well aware of his memory problems. But I hardly see how it matters.”
But Cas’ reaction was clearly telling him different. He wouldn’t look near Dean and he kept glowing brighter and softer as if he was trying to control his reactions. He was newly promoted. Maybe he hadn’t had time to see how common a wish like that could be?
Cas reached out hesitantly and took Dean back in his arms. “We won’t have to move,” Cas told him. “We are going to stay right here. And Sam most likely is, as well.” He began to stroke Dean’s hair. “I know you miss him.”
Dean grimaced. “Alright, I’ll be right back.” He walked down the hall and knocked on Sam’s door. “Yo, Sammy.” He opened the door a crack and peeked inside. Sam was sitting on his bed, his knees drawn to his chest where he hugged them. “What happened man?” he asked, opening the door fully and coming inside.
And that was another thing. Why weren’t they allowed to choose their own field trip buddies? Not that Ava wasn’t nice (usually), but he had caught Jess’ eye before their pairings had been announced and had really been looking forward to being her buddy. He supposed he should just feel lucky that he hadn’t gotten paired with Becky. She was…
“Dean,” Cas said. “May I speak to you, please?” His graveled tones—usually so soothing to his ears—now felt like they were scraping him raw.
Silence fell between them, broken only by the sound of the breeze through the leaves and on the ripples of the water. Even their minds seemed quiet, filled only with the soft buzz of their Bond.
Cas finally grabbed Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers. Dean tried ot pretend like he wasn’t having a heart attack.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Come on, Cas, give me some credit.” He walked around to the trunk and opened it up. There was a cooler and three large beach bags. Cas could see his own swim trunks folded neatly on top of the bag in the middle.
“Yeah, well ‘sorry’ isn’t going to turn back time,” Dean said. “He made us, I could see it in his eyes. Now we have to move and just—
. Dean really hoped Cas didn’t suggest his usual way of wanting to deal with his dad because he might just be inclined to agree at the moment.
“And the teenagers did go missing right after Sam and his friends saw the monster,” Charlie said. “And the last place anyone saw them was the woods.”
Dean smiled. “Get over here,” he said, grabbing Cas by the shoulders and pulling until he was lying on top of him.
“Dean,” Cas called, closing the door behind himself and walking over to where Dean was seated on the couch. “I need your help.”
“Dammit, boy, you better tell me what the hell kind of creature I let in my house and then give me a
“Ava, what the heck?” he said, but she shushed him and grabbed his arm, holding tight enough to bruise.
“Sammy, please,” Dean begged. He raised his bat in a shaky grip, but he knew he wouldn’t do anything to hurt Sam, couldn’t do anything to hurt him. It was Sam.
“Yes, that sounds good,” Cas told him, walking towards Dean who had managed to back himself into a table. Cas grabbed his shoulder to help steady him.
The other three trained their flashlights on the ground, hoping to see a flash of silver. Jo dropped to the ground and began patting over the dirt where she had fallen.
“Hey! That’s not fair,” she said, trying and failing to get the chips back. “My crush is doomed by heterosexuality.”
“And that’s our cue to leave,” Charlie chirped, grabbing Jo by the arm and dragging her away. “Have fun!” she called over her shoulder as the two of them disappeared into the throng of dancers.
“What the hell are you?” John demanded from the floor where he was trying to push himself up with his good arm. He had a split lip and his nose was pouring blood.
Sam sighed, but knew the conversation was over. “At least stop ignoring Cas,” he told him and with that he left.
"Okay. First off," Gabe said, holding a finger up, "that doesn't answer the question of why you were pacing like a madman in front of the door. And second," another finger went up, "I have no idea why you're worried. Dean'll say yes. You two have been dating forever."
“Yeah, man,” Dean said, pulling a little black switch out of what seemed like thin air. “Look.” He flipped the switch and the little beads strung around the violently green tree lit up in bright blue, yellow and orange. “Awesome, right?” He looked up at Sam expectantly, excitement radiating from his lopsided smile.
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean said. “Let’s go play Risk before Charlie decides to make us play monopoly again.”
“That just freaked me out more!” Dean insisted. “I mean, I passed out drunk and woke up soul bonded to a stranger?”
Dean rolled his eyes. “You make it sound like I’m a lazy asshole. I didn’t want to be away from home twenty hours out of the day, so sue me.”
He thought that as he ripped open the bag of marshmallows he had brought with him. As he stuck a few on the end of a skewer and dangled them over the fire. But he couldn’t think the thought when he was waiting for them to turn the perfect golden brown.
By now, Dean had to admit that he needed some help. So, holding the book with the spell in it, he went to find Sam and Eileen. They were in the kitchen, making lunch and being disgustingly domestic about it. Dean smiled when Eileen hip-checked Sam and signed something at him that Dean couldn’t quite make out. Sam laughed and shook his head, throwing a chip at her. She caught it, winked at him, and ate it.
Cas,” Sam repeated. He pulled the book closer to him and read, “Finally, you need a piece of the person you are looking for. Hair, skin, fingernails, saliva, blood, bone. It needs to be a piece of them in order for the spell to latch onto them.”
“But... she, it, the Empty, took your grace,” Dean said, staring at Cas. He didn’t really see anything different. Though, maybe, Cas looked a little... smaller? Less bright? He wasn’t sure. He also wasn’t sure if it mattered to him. It was still Cas. “What does that mean for you?”
He headed back to the storage room and stood in front of the wall. Practice made him adept at reading through the three repetitions of the archaic Enochian and the black rip in reality appeared. And Dean could swear that, as soon as it appeared, the stone glowed a little brighter. He put the book on the chair again and faced the rip.
But no matter how much Dean wanted to, something stopped him from praying to Jack to get Cas back. If Jack had been able to get him out of the Empty, wouldn’t he have? Wouldn’t Cas have been waiting here in the bunker with Eileen if Jack had been able to get him out? After Cas’s confession, Dean couldn’t imagine anywhere else Cas would go. Even the apocalypse world hunters had been brought back. Charlie had helped with some long distance research but there was only so much she could do. The bulk of the information Dean was looking for, if it existed at all, was likely right here in the bunker.
Well, it was perfect too. Jack and Cas tearing down all the walls, releasing the souls that had basically been prisoners in Heaven. Letting people roam freely, create their own Heaven, be with the people they loved. Tearing up Chuck’s script and letting people... just be people. It was what Heaven should have been all along, instead of sealing each soul away in their own personal bubble.
“Yeah, it’ll work,” Sam nodded then grimaced. He knew Dean wasn’t going to like what came next. “But I need a piece of it. To put in the bowl so the lodestone is tuned to Cas.”
Behind him, as Dean turned to look, the portal closed and the sigils burned away. The one with his blood was the last and all that was left on the wall was small scorch marks. That was it. He’d done it. Cas was back and they hadn’t had to make any bad deals to do it.
Making up his mind, another longing waking in his chest, Dean pulled over to the side of the road and put Baby in park. Listening to the purr of the engine, his hands resting on the wheel, Dean took a deep breath to try and calm his suddenly racing heart. It was hitting him. Now he had the time. Now, there weren’t enemies beating down the door, deals waiting to be fulfilled, people taken before he could even process what they’d said. Now, Dean could say his piece.
Which brought them all to this bridge overlooking the ocean. Dean and Cas stood at the railing, Dean’s arm hooked around Cas’s neck and Cas’s arm around his waist. Sam and Eileen stood not too far away, Sam’s arm around her shoulders and Eileen’s around his waist. The four of them shared a smile as delighted shrieks joined the sound of ocean waves and bird calls.
"So what do you suggest?" Meg asked, speaking each word distinctly as if conferring a favor on Dean in even considering he might have something to say.
It started out well. They’d gone in during noon, hoping most of the vamps would be deep asleep. Most were. They died quickly and silently as the hunters stalked through the abandoned warehouse the vamps had taken for their own. The problems began when one vamp, stumbling out of an open doorway, took one look at Jody and Claire and started screaming at the top of his lungs.
Instead of letting himself sink to the ground, Dean forced his legs into motion. He closed the distance between him and Cas, close enough now to touch. Which he didn't. Not yet.
In doing so, he took his eyes off Dean so he didn't see the spurt of panic in Dean's eyes at the thought of him leaving again. Didn't hear the sudden thundering of Dean's heart as it galloped in his chest. Didn't see the trembling in Dean's hands and legs as he took another deep pull on the bottle to steady himself. Didn't see the deep swallow and squaring of his shoulders as Dean found his courage.
He ran for a timeless time and the sense of being watched came back. Dean ignored it as bet he could, concentrating on the warm pulses in his hand. When he deviated from the correct route, he had to stop and reorient himself. Luckily, it never took very long. He was usually only a step or two out of true. As he ran, the warmth increased until his hand was nearly burning. Then, something new appeared ahead of him.
Dean looked away to hide the blush that started to burn across his skin. He dropped his hands, albeit reluctantly. Then, out of sheer gratitude and unable to stop himself, Dean surged forward and pulled Cas in for a hug.
Cas snaked his hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulled him into another kiss. They were breathless, and hands had found their way under shirts, before Dean’s phone interrupted them.
Years passed, gray accumulating in Dean’s hair. He didn’t move as quickly as he used to but it was all right. Sam and Eileen gained gray right along with him as their twins ran them ragged. As they grew, both were told about the life. When they turned eighteen, both were given the choice to become hunters or not. Connor decided not to become a hunter. Instead, he went to college and became a writer. Nothing like Chuck, writing his own versions of people’s lives and controlling their fates. Just fun little stories that entertained. Elizabeth enthusiastically threw herself into hunting, also going to school for paramedic training.
“I am beyond surprised,” Meg said, laughing heartily. “I never imagined God would ever let that information out of his so-superior head. Imagine if angels or demons knew they could bargain with me to leave? A better bargain than poor Castiel made. Then again, many of them wouldn’t be willing to pay the price. One I’d set.”
Decades later, when Eileen passed before Sam, she was greeted by Dean, Cas, and Bobby. She was introduced to Mary and John, to the rest of the hunters, to the extended family Sam and Dean had made in their time on Earth.
“Wait,” Sam said slowly, his hands dropping to his sides as he forgot to sign due to his rising anger. “You... you
Once he could hold his hands steady, though his heart thumped hard against his ribs, Dean picked up the book again. He read the story carefully, slowly. It was about a dark entity, dark because it held no color or shape or solid form, who was a final resting place for God’s first children. Whenever an angel, or a demon, died, it was sent to this entity’s realm of nothingness. There, they slept and were given time to ponder their mistakes that led to them dying. Which sounded exactly like the Empty. This was what he was looking for. Dean started reading a little faster, hoping for something,
"Jack, I hope you can hear me," Sam prayed, his voice a whisper. "We need help. Dean's hurt. Bad. I don't think he's going to make it. Please, Jack, help him. Please."
After catching their breath, Dean carefully slid off Cas’s hips and cuddled into his side. They’d clean up in a few minutes, but for now, he wanted this closeness. Wanted to hold and be held. Taking Cas’s hand, he threaded their fingers together again and rested their joined hands on Cas’s chest. Catching his eyes again, Dean could see that the glowing blue had faded from his. And, from the lack of shining blue on Cas’s face, the blue had faded from his own too.
“Me too, though I suppose the question now is, what do I do?” Cas mused. He looked away from Dean but Dean thought he had to drag his eyes away. “Perhaps... perhaps I can find my own place, go on some hunts, help other hunters.”
“Now that your mom has called us out on it?” Cas asked. “I can’t say I am. Having a…” he looked around and dropped his voice to a whisper, “
“Dean, I have to go,” Cas said, carding his fingers through his boyfriends hair and tugging gently. Dean ignored him and continued sucking a mammoth sized hickey onto Cas’ neck. “Dean,” Cas whined. “Chess club started three minutes ago.”
“Don’t forget pathetic,” Dean told him. He wanted to reach out and touch Cas, but he didn’t know where would be okay. One of Cas’ arms was encased in a white plaster cast (Gabriel had already taken the liberty of drawing a somewhat crude image on it). There were bandages poking out from the hospital gown above his other arm, not to mention the gauze taped to the side of his head where an ugly purple and red bruise crept towards his eye.
"Says you. You remember anything from last night? Like, say, mass texting naked Jess pics to your entire contacts list?"
It was awesome and Dean had that thought before Cas had even so much as accidentally grazed his dick trying to pull down his jeans. When that graze turned intentional, Cas's fingers wrapping around him with only a second of hesitation, Dean's mind pretty much blitzed out.
There was a slight thud at the front door, a noise like a bodily collision, and then a three or four second long struggle with the doorknob before Cas finally came through.
"Let me check," Sam says. Dean can hear the rustle of paper, Sam typing away at his computer. "I saw the news," he tells Dean after a beat, the same way he'd say 'sorry you're puppy got ran over.' Dean grips the steering wheel so tight his knuckles go white, and Cas notices.
"Sorry," Cas quickly apologized, going still. It made Dean feel like an ass. It wasn't like Cas asked for this. And it wasn't like they'd ever shared more than a couple side-by-side naps on the couch, either. The poor guy grew up with psychos for brothers; he probably had no clue what Dean was doing here. Hell, Dean himself barely knew what he was doing, except Cas needed to switch off his brain and he figured bff sleepover time might help with that.
Sam is trying to become one with the cushions. It's such a pitiful sight. His legs hang over the arms of the couch because he's a gigantor. "Oh god. My head's going to explode, plus I threw up in a bush."
With a flair of his trenchcoat, Cas turns and starts charging for the exit. Dean squeezes past the woman, attempts an awkward apology along the way, then straight up bails, rushing after Cas.
Art narrows his eyes at the ring around Dean's finger, then the one Cas's got on his own hand wrapped around his tea.
As usual, the dig at Dean's dad, warranted or not, makes Dean stiffen. He can't keep the edge of defensiveness out of his voice. "Yeah, well, this ain't about him."
He huffs, amused. "Yeah, what about you? 'Cause this—” That's a sweeping, circular gesture at her, full of light-hearted judgment, "don't exactly scream 'I like vellum, ask me how.'”
Cas laughs. It's quiet, but it's an actual, honest-to-god laugh. It's so extraordinary in its newness, Dean doesn't think to
He shoves him good-naturedly on the shoulder so that Cas finally meets his gaze. "And? What'd he say?"
Dean gestures that he does. He also winks at the kid who, once she's caught staring, blushes and ducks behind a dessert menu. Which reminds Dean, he's gotta order himself some pie.
"My mistake," Cas says, sounding as indifferent as always, though Dean can hear the stilted tone underneath while he adjusts. "This is Hank. Hank frequents the shop." Yeah, Dean bets. He's noticing that the dog still wrestling for freedom isn't the only thing looking a little frisky here. Hank's staring at Cas like he wishes he frequented more than just the pet store Cas slopped for. "This is Dean," Cas says, and Dean cuts in real quick.
The only time it got remotely weird was when Cas picked up his coat and shoes from the hallway, and neither of them could pretend they weren't remembering the rest of the events of the night.
Sam glares at him during his collapse onto the couch, but because he's all sweaty and pale-faced from what must be some super fun nausea, it's a sad-looking thing. Wouldn't even get a pity point. "Please no talking," he begs, croaking each syllable out like a dying confession.
Sam side-eyes him. "I'm watching a documentary. It's about GMOs and how--can you believe this?-- none of our food even gets labeled even though there's all these poisons--"
Dean holds Cas stare long enough to make sure they're both ready, then they dart in, Dean going for his knife straight away.
After a pause, Dean leans his elbows on the bar counter. With this new closeness, his left leg slides up against Cas's and then just sorta… stays, where it’s warm and solid. “You need any help? Say the word, me 'n Sam can wrap things up. Tag along. Hell, you got my amulet tryin' to catch a signal. Maybe I need to be there for it to work.”
It doesn't take long after that; Cas hooks his hands higher up behind Dean's knees, grappling because they're both slippery with sweat, and fucks harder than before. The headboard bangs against the wall and Cas huffs out raggedly. It's Dean's name that's at the end of every breath. Over and over again.
Only, when all three of them got up and headed to the bathroom together, Dean and Cas walked into some pretty kinky stuff. There'd been a struggle going on, but not the kind that called for civic intervention. The role-playing kind. Dean's pretty sure he saw something his brain will never be scrubbed clean of.
Dean ignores it and looks at Cas' things instead. The walls are plain except for a piece of art hanging over the bed, some weird, manic-looking thing that seems better suited inside a crazy person's head. He's got a bunch of framed photos spread around but Dean doesn't look at them closely enough to see who's in what. Bed's pretty comfy too.
Almost accusatory, Dean stalks over and pulls open Cas' closet. There's nothing in there but a couple of too-small sweaters and a tangle of hangers that swing and clatter together.
Across the table, which has been mood lit with those flickering LED tea lights, his only companion is an older woman who gives him a knowing smile like she's able to see through his resting 'dead inside' face to the truth within, which currently goes a little something like:
Local couple Walt and Brad Frempton are now missing. More than anything, the fact that it's two dudes somehow makes Dean feel like it's his fault, never mind that the djinn got the jump on them.
"Good. Great," Castiel repeats. His sudden forced smile hints at what's coming next, but still, holy actual shit. "Awesome," he says, biting out the next part. "More so, probably, once you get to work, unless I wasn't aware and you've been hired to stand here?"
"Uh, don't know," Sam answers back, craning his neck around to catch a glimpse, which is like the least stealthy move ever, jesus christ. But then it gets worse for Dean when Sam aims his stare back at Dean with this look like Dean's been caught mid-pining. "He's probably just some guy..." he says. Dean does not like the sound of those ellipses.
Cas always, that it nuked whatever wounded feelings he'd been holding onto all night. Mostly, anyway.
Cas says, like it should already be obvious, "I want you." It knocks Dean flat on his ass, how easy Cas can drop that like it costs him nothing. He's not scared of what it means, it's a freaking fact of life for him, as true and unmovable as any proven science.
"How can you think otherwise?" he says to him, so gently, so understanding. Dean lifts his shoulders up in a barely-there shrug to convey the fact that he's an insecure son-of-a-bitch, what else is new. Also, the Earth is round. For some reason the gesture makes Cas smile, though it's small, affectionate. "Dean," he says, like it's his own term of endearment.
Somehow he gets going, though, and after stepping in some slush and cursing at his luck, he's in front of a thoroughly confused Cas.
Yeah. He's hilarious. Dean pushes past to sit down next to him, having first to maneuver the solid mass that is his giant baby brother. Sam glares at the jostling. "So," Dean says once he's comfortable. His eyes flare with lewd pointedness. "She finally make a man out of you?"
life and that means more to him than his own. But this Cas thing is too new still, and too big, and it's hard enough acknowledging it to himself. No way he can say it out loud.
After a solid two minutes of making out, both of them standing forehead to forehead now, Dean exhales, "Damn, Cas."
Lingering at the end of the line until Sam's free at the register, Cas gets his order to go. Dean's busy setting out fresh pie, so he doesn't catch the drink this time, but a glance back at which machine Sam's on lets him know he's going with another new flavor.
Cas keeps his back to Dean while he fusses with a tiny ass bird that's flown to the top shelf, trying to corral it into his cupped hands. Seriously, anyone here ever heard of cages? All too easily Dean feels the imaginary splatter of bird crap on his back and has to cringe it away.
Sam glances over at Jess again. Taking a deep breath, he lets it all out and looks back at Dean, resolute. "Okay."
Cas, as it turns out, is unabashedly uncaring about the state of his junk. The guy pops the weirdest boners, and the only thing worse than their frequency is Cas' non-attention to them, like he shouldn't be required to pay any more mind to what's happening down below than if he had the hiccups.
Just as it's getting good and all the blood in his body has started on a detour to parts of him more centrally located, the kitchen doorknob rattles.
Dean's pretty pissed about it, since pretending to be a higher-up for the sake of gaining information is always the easiest and thus preferred method, only Sam refuses to accept the blame Dean's so keen on pointedly emoting his way.
Cas smiles. At least Dean thinks that's what he's doing. It's so small, it might just be a facial tic. "Unfortunately for my cravings. Though, today I'm attempting the--" He squints up at the menu, then confesses, "--salted caramel latte."
"Wouldn't have picked anything else, myself," the old guy next to Dean says, shaking his head. He's only got the basket of fries in front of him, though, and their waitress sighs at him.
Dean jerks out of the grasp with a glare, walls hiked back up. Something isn't feeling right. Problem is, he's still got jet-lag from hell, from his flight out of Purgatory, so he can't laser in on
Yeah, like Dean was going to open up about the sudden flutter in his stomach Cas gave him. Shit, no.
"Except there's no 'yours' or 'mine' anymore. There's an 'ours' here, you got that? From here on out."
Cas doesn't say anything, but Dean can feel the passive aggressive eye roll in his silence as he exits his side of the vehicle. Yup. Regret. Dean does the same, and their doors shut behind them, twin clicks, though Cas' side is a little louder because Cas' car is ancient and requires some manhandling to get it to function semi-properly.
Naomi unclasps her hands and falls comfortably against the backrest of her chair. She scrutinizes him, making him feel exploited and gross, and it's only when being creeped out turns to anger that she deems him deserving of a response.
Considering Dean's social circle is down to nada these days, Dean spends a solid few minutes warming the Impala up wondering where the hell he's going to go.
Fuck no. Jo and Benny remain silent, and while Dean spends another few minutes entertaining himself by sending gifs to Charlie, she doesn't respond either, and his attention span only lasts so long.
"Yeah," he eventually gets out on a laugh, though it's shaky. Cas notices and quirks his head at Dean once more, a new kind of study. For a brief moment, Dean's actually glad that Castiel doesn't have any angel mojo in him anymore and can't read his thoughts. "So." He's eager for a change in conversation, and winds up clinging to the first thing that pops in his head. "They send you to collect me or something?"
Dean feels it as soon as hears it; there's a heaviness around his neck, because he knows without needing to be told that he would've been the one to shoulder the weight of the trails. It would've been his life to risk, not Sam's, not Cas', which at least explains why future-Dean is the worst. Guy's probably walking around with a crapload of PTSD.
He listens to the radio often. It's set to some local station that drones monotone news, hourly breaks for the weather, and a mattress warehouse jingle that plays so often, Dean sometimes hums it without thinking, making it the world's most confusing earworm.
-- Dean gets defensive and thus insistent. "Shut up. Whatever, Anne Hathaway's hot, okay." Cas has started doing that small, smirky thing he does, so Dean snaps again, "Shut up."
Dean yanked at Cas' covers until Cas caught on and let him in. Their legs grazed while he made himself comfortable, but growing up Dean had shared a bed with Sam so often, it wasn't weird. For him, anyway. He felt Cas shy away, noticeably putting some distance between them both until they weren't touching at all, until it was like the freaking Grand Canyon between them.
"So," Dean says gruffly, on a laugh. Words fail him. Maybe because Cas is a mere few inches away, gazing at Dean so fondly it fogs his thoughts up. He’s still holding onto Dean's shoulder with one hand, the phone number in the other.
“I know,” Dean tells Cas, his stare locked dead ahead, “but. I wanna. I'm gonna,” he insists, to himself as much as Cas.
Then Dean rolls Cas onto his back and slides on top. It breaks the kiss, but it also frees the hand he had trapped between the mattress. He takes advantage of that, trailing his fingers down the thin, worn cotton of Cas's shirt until he reaches the hem at the bottom. Cas is watching Dean, watching his face, holding on to him at the shoulders now.
You know, actually, he could go for some coffee. Maybe browse some books. Good thing he knows a place he can do both.
Dean's pouring Ellen a refill, out behind the counter and everything, even though he swore he never would because he ain't no damn waitress. But it's Ellen, and she's pretty much family. Besides, she gives Dean this look sometimes like she's remembering the time Dean and her daughter, Jo, briefly messed around, and he likes to see that as infrequently as possible.
