Phil barks a surprised laugh, leaning back into his chair. Steve is pleased to notice that his shoulders are much less stiff than when Steve walked through the door.
Today was a – not good day. I am more and more aware that I’m using these letters as some kind of diary of the things I can never say out loud, least of all here. These people have been nothing but humblingly gracious to me, and I can’t possibly repay their welcome by being so tired it hurts to blink, and the possibility of mustering a smile is far out of reach. I just – everything is too much. From the moment I woke up, I was stabbed with the knowledge that I am completely alone. Is that because I have isolated myself here? Did I do it consciously, knowing I’d hardly see a familiar face as long as I remain in Wakanda? I can’t tell. I don’t know what I was thinking, when I came here, beyond that it was a chance to save Bucky. I don’t really remember much of that first week. I think I talked and explained and set out our history through the past seven decades, but honestly, it’s all a blank. I felt empty. I still do.
"Gosh, this is awfully polite and well-mannered," Tony says once he climbs out of the suit and heads for the bar that spans the far end of the room.
"I'll be the judge of that, come show me. If they're too small I'll let you toga, but you do not want to let Widow or Barton catch you in that, you will become an internet meme."
"What? Do you want to give them blackmail?? Just show me what you look like and we can make that decision together."
Tony was asleep when they got to their room. Steve gently lay her down on the bed. He brushed her hair out of her face and ran a thumb over her cheek like she was treasure he was polishing. She sighed and he pulled the covers over her and turned out the lights.
“Assemble!” they bellowed, and raised their hands up. Thor kept his hand aloft and high fived everyone.
"Now that would be a tragedy to all humankind, you gonna deprive everyone of worshipping at the Steve ROgers shrine to GOd?"
"The way you have been treated is abhorrent. None such as you should suffer at the hands of cruelty and fear. As long as we shall be on this team, I swear to you that you will be loved and appreciated."
"Uh... I may have gotten my clothes wet from when i fell out of the shower. Do you think I could borrow some of yours? "
Steve took a deep breath, steadying himself. He pulled his pants up and tried to tug the tank top down to cover as much as possible.  He can do this he can do this he can do this it's fine it's just Stark. He took another breath and opened the door.
"I feel like I should be doing that for you. No one thanks you for all the work and money you put into the team, or how you're housing and funding all of us and making us all feel welcome and accepted."
"Don't worry, Spangles, I've got steady hands. " Tony pulled out the first aid kit and found tweezers and gauze. He land a hand on Steve's uninjured shoulder and smiled softly. "I'll be gentle."
“Yeah”. He dragged his arms up her torso, feeling the strong muscles in her back contract as she leaned into the touch. He kept a hand on her hip and buried one in her long dark hair. She hummed in encouragement. She gently dragged her teeth over his bottom lip and moved her hands down to squeeze his ass. He bucked and she chuckled.
"And I don't?" Tony said. "My chest is all fucked up from literally being blown up. If anyone's a war zone it's me."
"Yeah, I'm fine, don't worry about me - shit" Steve swears as a bottle of fancy lotion hits him in the head, falls to the floor, and shatters.
"Oh man, you're right!" said Tony, looking up from where he was sprawled out on the couch. "There's a bruise on your back that looks like a cupcake!"
Steve sighed. " I couldn't have said it better. But if you... if you need someone to talk to I guess I'm here for you."
"What are you talking about? I could go on and on about each part of your body but since I don't want to creep you out or come on too strong I'm not, but you're gorgeous, Steve.  I'm not just saying that. Trust me, I wish I were."
"You're welcome, Cap. Pleasure doing business with you. Now, if that's all, I think I'll get out of your hair." Tony put the first aid kit away and left the bathroom. Steve groaned and put his head in his hands. What is wrong with him?  He wrapped the blanket around him and dried his hair off with a towel. He reached for his clothes only to realize they were sopping wet from the shower incident. Great. He opened the door to the bathroom.
Steve shuffled forward to take the clothing. "No thank you, I think that's where I'll draw the line." His voice was half an octave higher than normal.
It's much later in to the night, the sun has finally set, and the soft music is playing, when Steve asks Tony to dance. He wants to say no, having a perfectly content time sitting at the table and trading jabs with Clint - who very much has become his new favorite - but Steve's smiling down at him so sweetly with his hand extended and he has to take it.
, but other than that, it looks like nothing. So Steve tosses his phone to the side and turns his attentions back onto Tony.
Tony's shoulders dipped, and a sigh fell past his lips. "Why didn't you call?" he found himself blurting. "I kept the same phone number for five years, just in case you called. You didn't even try."
"Hey kids." Sam's voice ripped them apart, Tony nearly jumping back and Steve stumbling himself right into a wall - which would have been bad enough without Sam's laughter and pointing. "You have the reflexes of an elderly golden retriever Rogers."
Tony huffed out a laugh, slightly picking back up some speed on the treadmill. "Some of us have to work out, we're not all scientifically shaped like a God."
He fought with every single person that Pepper put in that position, no one was good enough, and the ones that did work hard were either too afraid of Tony to put him in his place, or got too frustrated and quit. It took a year of his assistant being a revolving door of people before Pepper promoted Natasha.
"I can." Tony replied plainly, looking back down at the phone in his hand. "The red bubbles are just updates." He swiped his fingers over the screen again and then it flickered black before lighting up bright and white. "Let it reload and the bubble over your settings will be gone, you'll need to go into the app store and do updates for the other apps." Tony placed the phone on to the table before sliding it back to Steve.
"I told myself I wasn't going to stop." Tony said, mostly to himself, turning slowly on his heel, trying to pull back his shoulders, puff out his chest, do anything but look as hurt as he felt. "But here I am."
"Shut up and take your jacket." Was all Steve could muster back, holding out the suit jacket that had still been in his hand. Tony however couldn't help but chuckle at the comparison because Sam really wasn't that far off.
Sam groaned as he tossed his hand of cards down onto the coffee table in front of himself. "I fold."
Tony took the fabric from Steve's outstretched hand, before he stepped right into Steve's space, reaching up to flip up Steve's shirt collar. He gently placed the fabric under the fold, and reminded himself to keep focused at the task at hand, and ignore the burning feeling his gut was going through being that close to Steve once again.
"This will eventually blow over." Pepper breathes out to Steve before shifting to Tony. "Christine will be quiet thanks to the threat of a defamation lawsuit, but the christian protesters have started to group up outside the lobby."
"It's two dates." Tony corrected, stepping off his treadmill. "You own a tux right? I bet you look incredible in a tux."
Pepper's words rang clear in Tony's head, closure. Maybe that was all he needed. Slowly, he rubbed at his forehead and tried to debate the pros and cons of just letting it go before he shrugged. "Okay." he answered, dropping his arm to his side. It was all he could offer, and he hoped that Steve could just accept it
Steve ignores him for a solid week. He ditches out of rooms as soon as Tony enters, he's noticeably absent for dinners and movie nights, and has begun taking the stairs, just to avoid the elevator in the off chance that Tony might be inside. The team notices, but Tony just smiles and shrugs, as if it's not bothering him, because it's not. He had expected as much after the way Steve all but ran from his penthouse.
"What?" Tony forced a smile, it didn't quite reach his eyes, but it was there. "Did you just say - J, please tell me you recorded that, please. Cap said I was right."
"You do know the ceremony is over, right?" Steve's voice is light and playful, and a smile immediately spreads across Tony's face just at the sound.
"Okay, that's not fair." Steve argues, although somewhat lamely. "They do realize I was born in the twenties right? I'm supposed to be out of touch, at least a little, right?"
"I will." She reassures. "Are you good?" she adds, glancing at Steve before he has a chance to join the conversation.
"I don't want to talk to you-" hearing his own voice crack in the pain he was feeling, his brain spinning with all the what if's and all the what now's. "You really should get back in there." Tony stated, taking a step backwards. "Please, please just leave me alone."
He racked his brain for something to say, something funny, or sad, or even angry, anything other than standing in silence, looking at one another, hungry and wanting. A drink - Tony offered, to calm the nerves, to set the mood, to accomplish anything else.
"Oh, Please." Tony drawls, pulling open the fridge and grabbing a can of cola. "What in the world could you possibly have to make me jealous?"
"No." Steve blurted, because it wasn't his gym, and also because he didn't want Tony to leave. "It's fine, you won't be in my way or anything." Steve clarified, after his brain caught up with his mouth.
He exchanges a look with Thor which only proves that neither of them really know what that means, but then something sparks in Thor's eye and he perks up.
Pepper paused but only for a second, she leaned in and placed a kiss to Tony's cheek, the soft smile turning into a bright one. "Now pay attention to me, are you listening?"
"Thanks, for that." He huffed before leveling with Tony across the table. "It was once, right after we.. I tried to see you, and was promptly removed by security on the order of someone named Potts." Again he looked to Natasha, who just mouthed sorry back at him.
"Say something," Steve urged. Tony blinked and looked back up at him, but kept his hands smoothing over the skin. He smiled.
Steve learned just how distracting modern life was when he was on Avengers tower, with all its screens and technology. But when Tony invited him in her lab so she could take measurements for the new suit prototype she was drumming up, he felt all his focus grab onto her like lead shards to a magnet. She talked and babbled technological jargon he probably would never understand, and berated her bots and flirted with JARVIS. In her oil-stained jeans and cut up t-shirt she was the most riveting thing he’d seen this century. When she wrapped a measuring tape around his chest he knew she could've found some other way to get his measurements, and she was standing a hair too close for sheer scientific purposes, so when she looked up he leaned down to kiss her. She grabbed his neck and drew him down faster, pressing her body up against him.
"I don't know how many times I've been cut by glass.  They leave some of the worse lacerations since they have uneven edges. That's how I got all these scars"
"Sir yes sir" he whispered. Steve smiled wider and captured Tony's lips with his for a hot kiss. Tony felt his way up Steve's chest and gently pushed him away.
"Cross my arc and hope to die." Tony turned the light back on, but this time Steve was prepared and kept his eyes shut. "Jesus, Steve, did you knock the whole shelf down with you? I really should've installed those into the wall." He made his way to where Steve half lay ha;f sat. Steve opened his eyes a smidge to see Tony shirtless, mopping the fragments up with his t-shirt. True to his word he is not looking at Steve.  He drags the shards out of the way, then grabs one of the many towels lying on the floor to wipe up the smaller bits before pushing those out of the way too. He makes a red carpet of sorts with the towels that leads out of the bathroom, probably just in case there are any tiny shards still on the ground. Tony then drapes a large one over Steve before leaving the room, letting Steve pull himself up and wrap the towel around his waist. He's still sopping wet from the shower, and tries to dry off quickly, but flinches in pain at the fragments embedded in his arm.
“The world wide web is a sea of knowledge. A fountain of virtue.” Tony barked out a laugh, the same one she gave when they first met.
“Tony, that’s a bag of gummy worms.  You’ve been in here since 6 last night, it’s 8 pm now. You need to get some rest.”
“I love you. Come to bed.” He felt her breath hitch. She brought a grease-stained hand to cup his head and smiled tenderly. She tucked her face into his neck.
“Oh yeah, why don’t I give you a party tattoo??” Clint jabbed his finger into Tony’s side, but Tony dodged and Clints finger collided with Steve's abdomen.
Should I or should I not put dick sucking in the next chapter? There's definitely gonna be body worship. I know it's been angst but I wanna work my way up to the tenderness. Thanks for reading!
" I'm ready," he said. Tony carefully picked out the largest of the pieces first an set them on the gauze. True to his word he did have incredibly steady hands, probably from working with delicate machinery all his life. Steve supposed he should have expected that, but Tony didn't have the slender, unblemished hands of a surgeon, he had the callused, scarred hands of a working man. They were thick and muscled, with just a hint of hair dusting the backs.
he continued, rubbing her back gently. He licked a stripe up her neck and Tony gasped, clutching his shirt. He backed them up into the sofa and tipped them onto it so she was resting on the seat while he crouched in front of her. He slipped his fingers into the waistband of her pants and looked up, asking for permission, Tony responded by raising her hips so he could slip them down. He kissed at her thighs, whispering love into her skin.
“You like that?” His face was bright red as he nodded. “Good,” she said, and went back to kissing him.
"Get me to the bed," Tony ordered. Steve led them to the enormous bed and crawled on top, still holding Tony, before releasing him onto the bed so he could get a better look at him. Tony looked like the cat that got the cream as he splayed on the bed and Steve couldn't help but press his body against his and kiss him fiercely.  Tony writhed underneath him and he groaned at the friction. Tony wound his hands behind Steve's neck and he'd never felt more like a man than this moment with Tony in his arms. He felt like a light was going to start shining out of his chest to match how happy he was.  He steadied Tony's grinding hips with a calloused hand, and Tony whined at the need for friction. Steve chuckled and Tony pouted. Steve wanted to just eat him up, lick his way around his scars, familiarize himself with Tony's body. He leaned down, maintaining eye contact  so he was sure Tony was alright with it, and kissed his way around Tony's chest, licking the scars and gently scraping his teeth over his pert nipples. Tony groaned.
“Easy there, big guy. I’m a tough girl, I won’t let those old windbags yank me around. Who am I?” Tony put a hand on Steve’s chest, stopping his pacing.
"I bet the other guy could leave quite a bruise," said Bruce. Thor froze and Bruce tapped his water bottle and smirked at him. He leaned back on the counter and took a sip.
"What?" Natasha turned around, looking for the bruise herself. "Wow, you weren't joking, it really looks like a cupcake."
"No problem, I've got a first aid kit in every room in this floor. Do you wanna sit on the toilet? i could bring you a blanket to cover yourself with." tony was only partly joking about the blanket, but Steve would rather be embarrassed than ashamed.
"Oh they can't, 'cause you can't take away people's emotional connection and bond over something happy. We can watch the movie when the pizza gets here," said Tony.
Steve and Tony had gotten off on the wrong foot. Steve never even bothered to read the file on Tony Stark, wanting to judge the man with his own two eyes and not the words on a page.  That had backfired on him when a beautiful woman strode into the conference room and eyed Steve up and down.
Steve tears his gaze off the ground to look at Tony in shock. He searches for humor or deception but all he sees is adoration.
"Yes, the kittens are all dying because they can't outdo your cuteness. Stop that, you monster, stop smiling!" Tony cupped Steve's face in his hands. He leaned in for a clumsy kiss before dragging his hands lower, down Steve's neck and to his shoulders, feeling down the soft muscles of his torso. He slipped his fingers under the tank top and looked at Steve imploringly. "Can I?"
"You still have your balls intact, stop complaining," said Natasha. She was standing in her kevlar sports bra rubbing bruise salve all over her torso.
“Thank you, noble pizza woman. It's good to see more women breaking into the industry, it's about time.” he gave her the thumbs up and Tony handed her a wad of cash with a wink.
“It’s a fountain of something alright, Virtue? Debatable. Definitely not. Too much porn and illegal sales.”
“Thanks,” he held the door for her to exit, and turned to face the team. "Alright, let's get this party started!”
“I’m afraid you’ll have to wait til you’re dead to meet him, and then you’ll have to show your passport the the gatekeeper in hell.”
“Alright! Let’s reconvene in a week when we’ve all healed enough, then get tattoos!” Steve squeezed the shoulders of the people on either side of him.
Tony grinned, still focused on Steve's arm. " You'd be surprised how handy it is, I've stitched myself up after many a fight, and it's not just me, you guys get injured all the time. I'm just taking precautions."
"I look good in the suit. Out of it I'm just a wreck. Tony, could you please leave? I'm fine, it's just a few cuts."
“Oh, hi Steve. Check this out, it’s a rape whistle you can implant in your body that detects when coitus is being performed while you’re in distress so it’ll automatically call your emergency contact then the police!”
"Of course." Steve gasped when Tony bent down and licked a gentle stripe up the tallest of the flames, smoothing his hands up the marks on his hips as he went. Tony nibbled Steve's neck and Steve squeezed him harder.
"I'm gonna make you see how beautiful you are," he promised, caressing Steve's cheek. "This jawline," he sucked along the edge of it. "These gorgeous storm cloud eyes," he pressed a kiss to the corner of each eye and Steve ducked his head and chuckled. "That megawatt smile that threatens the existence of kittens,"
"I still don't see how that was a party." said Natasha. She wiped the last of the cream on herself then plopped down on the couch next to Clint and laid her head on his thigh. "I bet a real tattoo would hurt less."
"Likewise. You're a great guy, Bruce." Steve settled his hand on Bruce's other shoulder. Tony groaned from the effort of trying to get up and Steve walked over to him, slipped an arm underneath him, and easily hoisted him up before setting him down and wrapping his arm around Tony's waist. Tony was speechless and red as Steve helped him walk over to Bruce. Clint snickered. Natasha elbowed him in the stomach. Tony pointedly ignored that in favor of savoring how simultaneously firm and soft Steve’s body was. Thor welcomed them into the Bruce group hug and Natasha heaved herself up, wincing, and walked over, tugging a grumbling Clint along with her. Steve smiled fondly at each if the members of his team, happy they were close enough that they were comfortable doing this, enjoying it even. Bruce chuckled when Thor rubbed his beard across Bruce's cheek and Natasha squeezed Clint's side in an attempt to tickle him.
“Neither did dad, since he never changed my diapers. Let’s move on, we don’t have a lot of time to chit chat. End of the world, remember?”
Steve sighed. "I have some glass in my arm. could you help me get it out? Please?" Steve could tell Tony was smiling.
Steve rolled his eyes and pulled Tony up into a slowdance. “I can find some things on my own you know. I have The Google.”
Steve pushed his wet hair off his forehead. Great. Just when he and Stark were coming to an easy friendship did he give Tony ammo to mock him with. This wasn't gonna be easy to deal with. The stretch marks were everywhere but his feet, ankles, forearms and neck. But Tony did have a point when he said his body would heal around the glass, he didn't want a repeat of him and Clint's BB fight; he still had that BB in his upper thigh. Tony came back with the Steve's favorite type of blanket, the soft and fuzzy kind. Tony averted his eyes as he handed it to Steve, who promptly sat on the toilet's closed lid and laid it over himself.
“That sounds like a terrible idea, I don't trust any if you to give me a discreet enough tattoo" said Natasha.
“I guess I found a better reason to stay sober.” She shed the suit behind and revealed she was in a flight shirt and fluffy cookie monster pj bottoms. Steve cracked a smile. She came and stood beside him.
“Natasha and Clint would be paired up, then Thor and Bruce, then me and Tony. Sound good to everyone?”
Steve turned to the bathroom and shut the door, changing quickly. The tank top was almost a crop top and the sweatpants were highwaters, but they were better than nothing. But everyone would be able to see the stretch marks that radiated from his armpits to his chest and arms, as well as the ones that cut up into his stomach and across his lower back.
Steve pressed his head against the door and shut his eyes." But I am. The serum - you don't know what it did to my body. I look like a war zone."
“Who do those scoundrels think they are? Talking about kicking you out of the company, saying you’re not fit to run it. Why I oughta -”
“This is Ariana Grande. Who introduced you to Ariana Grande???? I was saving that for a special occasion!” Tony set down her ipad when she heard the song playing.
"Okay then hotshot, I won't look at you. But we're both men, you don't have to hide yourself from my proper. lady eyes. You've got nothing to hide from me. Tony's voice lowers, like he were coaxing an animal.
"Jesus, Steve, I'm attracted to you! I have to keep myself from ogling you every day, I've been trying to keep my distance because I know if I touch you for too long I won't want to stop, and I know that's not what you want to hear, 'cause I'm a guy and you're from the 40's, but that's how I feel. "
Steve nodded. Tony splayed his fingers over Steve's abdomen and rubbed his thumbs softly over the skin. Steve looked away. Tony had been enthusiastic beforehand, but he couldn't help the nagging of self doubt in his mind that told him he was horrifying. he braces himself for Tony to try and ignore his body and get back to his mouth. It didn't come. He glanced back at Tony and was astounded when he saw Tony staring with open adoration at his torso.
Tony’s eyes went wide and she dramatically sucked in a breath. “Damn. That’s a hard one to lay on me, I’m not the best person to turn to for mental health advice. I’ve mostly drowned my problems in alcohol and sex in the past.”
Steve covered his eyes, trying not to cry. "I'm pretty sure you're the only one that's ever said that."
"Semantics." Tony bowed his head and bumped it against Steve's chest, nuzzling him. "You feel really nice. Safe. Warm. Kinda squishy but not too squishy. Squishy in a good way. Not that there's anything wrong with squishy-"
"Oh my god, guys, we need to group hug Bruce. He must be loved and appreciated to make up for the shit people have done to him."
"No one has ever told you how hot you are? No way. I don't believe it." Tony's hands drifted upwards and rested on his pecs.
Tony was brash and overconfident in battle, ignoring Steve’s orders and rushing off into collapsing buildings. Steve would yell at her and she would shout back. They once had to be forcibly separated from the room, both fuming, but they were a team no less. They got better at working together after the Chitauri, where they had no choice but to band together to save the world. But after the alien invasion of New York and Tony fell from the sky like an angel woke up to Steve smiling his best boy-next-door smile to her, something was different. Something changed between them that kept leading them to each other like gravity.  Tony invited all the Avengers to live in her newly repurposed tower, but she looked straight at Steve when she offered. He felt a shiver run down his spine and felt himself say yes, even as he thought he should probably get his own place. He didn’t regret it though when Tony’s face lit up like he’d offered her her favorite candy instead of accepting her offer to let him freeload.
"I like them. It makes you more human, seeing how you've grown. It's actually kinda hot." Tony gently traced his fingers up the fingers of the marks on Steve's belly, and Steve barely suppressed a shiver.
“Of course.” He settled into bed next to her and wrapped an arm around her waist. He'd keep her safe from her dreams tonight.
they will seriously make out and do foreplay but I'll leave the actual sex to y'all's imaginations because what if my dad ever saw this hnnng not ready for that convo haHA enjoy
"Jesus Christ, did you take out the light too when you fell? Why's the light off?" Tony flips the switch and Steve shouts, both from the sudden assault of light and from fear. Tony must not see him naked. No one has seen him naked since before the serum, not even Bucky.
Tony gently maneuvered Steve's arm to the side so he could get a better angle on the glass. His rich brown eyes were intensely focused on the task at hand and he was close enough Steve couldn't help but admire the dark curve of his lashes. Come to think of it, this was probably the longest time he and Stark had been in direct physical contact with each other. Neither of them had exchanged more than friendly pats or claps on the shoulder. Steve couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to have that intense gaze directed at his eyes, and those hands touching him without the prerequisite of injury, to just have Tony touch him because he wanted to. Steve could feel his face turn up a few degrees and he quelled the electricity in the base of his stomach. Stark was just helping him, no need to think any indecent thoughts about him. Especially when the man was shirtless in front of him. At that moment Tony removed a particularity deep sharp and Steve yelped. Suddenly those eyes were on his and he felt his chest constrict. Wow.
I hate doctors and hospitals. Not just because they were constantly prodding and poking, but because they asked questions. Questions are hard to answer if you don’t quite know the answers to, and with the type of queries the doctors I see usually throw my way, it’s rare that I ever know the answer.
"Clint and Cam and here," the ex-Russian superspy cuts in, ignoring the supersoldier's protests. "We all need to talk to you."
“We better get going before Fury blows a gasket,” she mutters in my ear. I glance over at the director, and see that he does look pretty impatient. Geez, even a year couldn’t change the man. Nat and Maria go up to the cockpit, while Nick and I strap in, after I pick up the tablet and tuck it into my duffel.
All of a sudden, a silvery-blue blur flings me down the catwalk, and my head hits the wall hard. Groaning, I make to sit up, but then red clouds my vision. My eyes fly wide open, and my body lashes out on instinct. A whoosh of air, and my knife flies through the space where Wanda Maximoff had been.
"I don’t suppose you know where,” I manage to mutter quietly. It’s so hard, keeping this secret, even if it’s barely been a minute. Every particle of my being begs to let him know, because I don’t keep much from either of the two, and this is one of the first times I’ve had to do this. Lie straight to their faces and tell them everything’s alright. But it’s definitely not going to be the last, considering what’s happened in the last year.
Apart from those two, the rest of the team is relatively unscathed, but we all need to go into medical for a mandatory checkup, implemented after Clint had hidden three bullet wounds after a skirmish with some AIM soldiers. Bruce wanders into the waiting room to say a quick hello before disappearing once more; we hadn’t brought the Hulk out because the pterodactyls and Doombots had been running around a residential area. We’d spent a good twenty minutes evacuating the place before we’d had the opportunity to kick ass without worrying about civilian injuries.
“Why are we dealing with Doom today?” I wonder out loud, ducking under a laser and unholstering a gun. “What happened to the Fantastic Four?”
“See if you can come up with anything better,” I retort, biting my lip as I tug on the whirlpool of power. “I’m going to try and cut more off at the neck, gimme a sec.” There’s no repsonse from anyone, which I take as confirmation, and I slam my armguards against my thighs, grabbing my whip in my gloved hand. With a sharp crack, it buzzes to life, and I swipe it through the air, taking out a few confused Chitauri.
, he was older. His brain was wired one way, and they couldn’t change it completely like they could’ve with me. And. I dunno. They—fuck, I dunno. His mind fuckery is different.“
“The fact that you talk about pushing people off of airplanes so casually is mildly terrifying,” Stark says lightly from his place on the floor, not far off from me. I salute him mockingly, groaning at the pain from my side.
“Ah, this is funny, Mr. Stark,” one of the Maximoff twins says, stepping forwards so that he’s in front of his sister. Pietro, I recall. “It’s what, comfortable? Like old times?”
“It’s a stabilizing agent,” an arrogant voice declares. I glance behind me, and see a person that I can easily recognize having a hurried, whispered conversation with Phil. He's short-ish, with dark hair, a goatee and brown eyes twinkling with mischief that cloaks a deep sadness. Tony Stark, aka Iron Man. Not exactly the way I’d choose to come out as a superhero, but it was certainly attention-getting.
The Winter Soldier stares back, expression blank as ever. He’s too far away for me to see his eyes, but I think I know what I’ll find there. The last shreds of a man who once was begging for help that I can’t provide.
“You should’ve left your armor on for that,” the ravenette snipes back, gesturing with his scepter at the walkway outside. “Your friend clearly has a better idea.” I shrug, one hand resting on my hip, just above my coiled whip.
“Stark will take care of it,” Steve replies, brushing past me before coming to a stop. Bone-deep weariness is beginning to sink into my bones, but nevertheless I adjust my posture so that I appear more alert.
“The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that,” the god states confidently. He turns back toward us abruptly, no trace of doubt on his face. “What have I to fear?”
Narrowing my eyes, I start searching for any loopholes, things that I could have missed. Something out of place. SHIELD wasn’t this easy to hack. Something’s up.
, like a viper, fast and deadly and dangerous. He’s halfway across the catwalk before I even manage to swing my whip around, and by the time it strikes it makes contact with empty air.
"Hey, um, Cam?" Steve asks awkwardly. I glance at Clint and nod at him. "I wanted to talk to you about the... the argument we had?" Captain America, the posterboy for patriotism, seems uncomfortable, and I take a moment to marvel at that before shifting my weight to my right leg.
“Stay awake,” I urge Cho, squeezing her hand lightly. “Make it through, okay? I’ll come visit you once the shitstain is mopped up, I promise.”
The TV is flickering, and through my cracked eyelids I can just see Die Hard 2 being played out on the screen. Clint’s chest rises and falls rhythmically against my legs. Someone would have to take his hearing aids out or he’d be complaining about his aching ears all day tomorrow.
“Yeah, I’m not ready for that,” the super soldier says. There’s a whoosh of engines and the sound of screaming grows nearer.
"Clint, get up on the roof with Cam," Steve intructs. Sam, you're the only one who SHIELD isn't looking for, so that means you're going to have to be the one who makes the call. Natasha and I will be waiting just inside the building for you when you get there. Clint, as soon as Sitwell is in the building, hide. Sitwell doesn't need to know that we have you."
“Fantastic,” I murmur, bending down to grab the back of Nat’s knees in order to sweep her into a bridal carry. “Hauling heavy asses back and forth. Sounds terrific.”
“The news is loving you guys,” the ex-lieutenant of SHIELD says. She sounds weary and worn out. “Nobody else is. There’s been no official call for Banner’s arrest, but it’s in the air.”
“Yes ma’am,” the archer replies, gesturing for the others to follow him towards the staircase in the entry hall.
"No, I didn't," Natasha insists as I fix Clint's legs and search for the worksheet that I was in the middle of completing. "I just wondered how much practice you've had."
"Tell that to Hyrda," I snarl. "Now give me that fucking whip so that we can go kick ass and save this city!" The supersoldier looks at me with wide, guilty blue eyes weighed down with seventy years of regret. And then he hands me the whip. I wince as I turn my head to the left, gripping my whip with white knuckles. My radio crackles.
"I'll help you with your paper on the KGB if you get tickets to a flight to DC in the next 24 hours," Nat bargains. "And Ghost is out in Australia." I groan, but roll out of bed, landing with a thud on the floor.
Ultron and Tony head up, and I’m forced down onto the catwalks to avoid being hit. Four Legionaires are on me as soon as I land, so I’m stuck on the ground. A blur of blue rushing by sends me flying back, toppling over the railing of the catwalk, and I swear as I regain my bearings in the air. The Legionaires follow me over the side, and I quickly unholster my guns to shoot two of them point blank between the eyes.
“You gonna stop me, Sparkles?” I counter challengingly. The Asgardian makes to step towards me, but Stark distracts the both of us.
“So, run and hide?” There's an undertone of reluctance in Tony’s voice, because Iron Man is never one to run from fights that he instigated. But there’s relief twining around it, because Tony Stark is always going to be running away from his mistakes.
"Can I help you guys with anything?" a voice suddenly asks. I stiffen as I glance out of the corner of my eye. It's an employee, talking to Steve and Natasha. I watch them out of the corner of my eye, clicking random keys on my keyboard.
“Let’s find out,” I reply, narrowing my eyes as I smack one of the armguards against my thigh, making the blade retract. Another alien motorcycle
A thud follows the doctor’s words, and then a certain muscled blonde throws the doors to the lab open, striding straight to Tony and gripping him by the throat.
“What?” I snap impatiently, tense and ready to move at the slightest sign of things going south. Last time we’d been in the same room… Well, let’s just say that I didn’t leave SHIELD on the best of terms.
I snap out of yet another flashback as I’m thrown to the ground once again, shoulder taking the brunt of the impact. I groan, and there’s a
My left arm is gripping my bicep, clenching hard around my upper arm. The pain I get feels like penance as I slowly calm, shoulders relaxing tiredly.
"Because that tie looks really expensive, and I'd hate to mess it up." Clint's finger twitches, turning on the red laser beam, aimed straight at Sitwell's tie. Keeps it on the SHIELD (or rather, Hydra) agent as he walks all the way down to Sam's car. Then he shuts it off and hands the rifle to me.
I turn, adding more force to my kick with the momentum, foot lashing out and making contact with the shield. Ultron flies back when the shield makes contact, and the latter of the two rebounds back to Steve. More jets of orange energy are blasted our way, and I take a few of them with little repercussion.
“Cam, we got everything we came for,” Steve says, placing a hand on my shoulder. “We need to leave.” I growl, but shove Sitwell back and push past Sam, who’s standing just behind him.
"It's just a laser, nothing serious," I hear Nat yell. There's the sound of wind rushing past her at high speeds in the background. "She'll be fine; it's just a bruise. Let her up." I blink tentatively, and even if I wince I'm able to stagger to my feet, snatching at the whip in Steve's hands.
And I don't know whether to laugh or cry, because Tony is alive and he is safe. And Steve and Thor and even the Hulk are smiling.
“Dammit, Thor,” I mutter, landing with enough force to crack the pavement. Chitauri immediately surround me, and I raise my arms invitingly. “Come and get me,” I mock. They lunge, and I snap for theatrical effect as I turn invisible. The aliens all crash into each other, leaving them all laying on the ground, shocked, for a moment. I use that brief lapse of activity to butcher them, and the ones who recover faster than others grab some sort of knife crossed with a laser gun to shoot wildly.
Thankfully, by the time we crash through the roof of a bus beside the truck, we’ve rotated enough that Ultron is the one who falls through first.
“We gotta stop him,” Nat says quietly. It’s still decisive, though, still determined and strong. Because this is Natasha, and she can do anything and I believe that she could stop Loki if she wanted to.
“It’s a detonation,” the lieutenant explains. “Number three engine is down.” I swear, pulling my goggles down to cover my eyes before turning in midair, tucking my arms in tightly before I make my exit.
“You haven’t forgotten about me, kiddo?” the brunette asks teasingly. I pause for a moment, mockingly considering for a moment.
I leap out of the way, tossing the Chitauri tech to one side as I dive. Rolling to my feet, I slide out of the way of a Chitauri's blade before using my hands to brace myself as I bring my feet up to kick the alien away. Scrambling to my feet, I activtvate my reaper and jam it into the Chitauri's skull. Yanking it out in one harsh, jerky move, I run back to where Steve is fending off a small group by himself.
“I think we both noticed,” I groan, bracing my hands against the solid, unforgiving steel of the massive flying base.
“You can stay there if you want,” he offers. I can hear his weight shifting, as if preparing to head back out. “I’m going to make some tea.”
"Cap, none of this is going to mean a damn thing if we can't close that portal," the redhead pants. All three of us look up at the portal in the sky.
"I am not a recording, Fraulien," the computer says mildly. "I may not be the man I was when the Captain took me prisoner in 1945." On another screen, a fuzzy black and white picture of a grumpy-looking man with the same round glasses as the computer pops up. "But I am." As soon as my eyes skip over to the picture, I gasp and clap a hand to my forehead as a searing headache makes my vision white out for a moment.
The grip on my biceps tighten. Clint's face is impassive, reminiscent of the way he'd been under Loki's control. I heave in a desperate gasp of air. Clint starts, and places a hand on my shoulder, another on Nat's. Nick is still on the operating table.
“We go in and we confront Stark,” Steve says. He’s been locked in Captain Mode since Seoul, and I don’t quite want to snap him out of it because we need the Captain, especially if we end up going against Tony. Steve shouldn’t be there for that, not without the Captain to shield him. “Talking only, no violence. Stark may be trying to create something new, but that doesn’t mean he can’t see reason.”
“Tell me you’re an actual adult when you wake up before noon without somebody shooting at you,” Kate replies. A pause. “Lucky wants to see you. I think he’s lonely.”
Their eyes remain locked for a few beats more, and then Tony turns away. Steve does too, talking to the room at large.
The Soldier turns to me, managing to squeeze off one shot that I manage to avoid before Steve rams into his side. A few more gunshots, and Steve lets out a grunt of pain as the Soldier shoves him away, turning to face me from where I’ve landed on the other side of the catwalk. He raises the gun, but before he can shoot, the other supersoldier’s shield comes down, knocking it from his hand.
I’m almost at the control panel when the catwalk creaks with extra weight. Freezing, I turn around slowly, slipping the chip back into the inside pocket.
When Clint and I arrive in DC, the sun is shining way too bright and I don't know where this headache came from, but it's there and it's killing me. Natasha is waiting for us at the airport, and I glare at her in the rearview mirror as I slump into the backseat.
Pietro skids to a stop on one side of the train car, and I use the opening to haul Steve to his feet.
The first one I send the butt of my gun crashing through the top of its skull, and the second one I kick away. The force of it propels me through the air, my focus more on staying out of the way of everyone than keeping in place, and I yank my hand and the gun gripped in it out of the other Legionare’s skull.
"Какое дерьмо**," I whisper. The man just stares at me for a moment before turning—and as he does I catch sight of his metal arm, and on the shoulder of the arm is a red star that I know that I remember—
“He’s in your files, he’s in the internet,” Rhodey says, producing the image of a mental checklist. “What if he decides to access something a little more exciting?”
“Nothing can restrain my inner little shit.” My wrists itch as I say the words, and I subconsciously tug the sleeves of my hoodie down further. Recovering quickly, I smile widely. “How do you feel about having Captain America in the same… “ I pause, frowning. “What the fuck do you call a flying secret base? A building or just a flying secret base?”
“And there’s one other person you pissed off!” the genius says. “His name is Phil.” His repulsors fire with a whine, and the god goes flying somewhere back into the penthouse. But our job isn’t over yet, and a loud, hollow sound, that I can’t quite describe, only reminds us of that. Tony and I both crane our necks in order to see what’s going on, just in time to see a beam of ice-blue light shoot up from somewhere on the roof of Stark Tower, straight up into the sky.
Nine cups of coffee (for Clint and me both), an hour and one cramped flight later, Steve (in full, SHIELD-updated Captain America regalia), Nat (in her usual spy gear), Clint (in his own gear, bow stored away but easy to get out) and I (in full Lynx costume, minus the mask) are on a jet over the Indian Ocean.
“We could put it through the old SHIELD database,” Clint suggests, leaning forwards. “It might not work as well as it would’ve back in the day, but I’m sure it’s at least functioning.”
“We’re the Avengers,” the genius says. “We can bust arms dealers all the live long day, but that up there? That’s… that’s the end game.”
I bounce back up instantly, pivoting just as Steve throws the Winter Soldier over in a flip, the brunette hitting the ground and rolling, leaving his lower face mask behind.
that tell me that there's definitely something going on. Clint is a little miffed that Nat abandonded him in the middle of a gunfight, but we both know that she wouldn't have done it if she didn't trust that he had it covered.
“He’s uploading himself into the body,” Cho says, moving one hand towards Steve weakly. Her voice is strained, although I suppose one would be under enormous pressure when bleeding from a potentially fatal wound.
"Where'd she go?" Rogers demands, head whipping around every which way. I bite my lip to hold in my laughter as I step up off the table and into the air. How? I was flying.
"Hydra died with the Red Skull," Steve insists with narrow eyes. The screen flickers, and a logo that I still have nightmares about pops up in Zola's face's place.
, barely audible over the noise of the guns, and there’s an opening. Pushing off at full force, I rocket through the air, arms crossed in front of my face. My armguards slam into the gunman’s chest, and the reapers unsheathe in his chest. I’m in the one behind him in the space of a breath, knocking the gun out of their hands and slamming them against the railing. Just as I’m about to tip them over the edge, a voice rings out.
“Hey, you’re talking about me now,” Clint says pouting. “C’mon, I know Katie-Kat wants to talk to me.”
"I used to. Let's go." A click, and then I see the superspy and the supersoldier walk in front of me on the other side of the table. Clint starts a new game of Flappy Bird. I close out of my tabs, head out of the store and tug my beanie down to make sure that all of my blue hair is hidden. It's loud out here, with a lot more people than the Apple Store, so I have to focus hard in order to listen in on the conversation that Nat and Steve are having.
"I don't believe it. You know I literally had a figurine, or a poster, or a newspaper clipping of you in almost every room of my house growing up? I knew I was bi when I was five and my mom caught me kissing a Captain America action figure."
"I can just use my shirt! I'm coming in, Cap, promise I won't look. Well, I'll only look a little bit." The door opens and Steve fumbled for a towel, a shit, anything to cover himself with. Tony must not see. He hisses as he brushes against glass shards.
Steve sat back. "I'm yours." Tony's breath hitched again and he propped himself up and crawled over.
Steve swallowed and took a deep breath. "Let me do it." He hooked his hands under the soft fabric and pulled it over his head. Tony's mouth watered.
"Course you didn't notice, you're straighty McStraightface, why would it even occur to you?" Tony muttered as he pinched his nose.
Tony sucked in a breath. "You're joking, right? Steve, You've gotta be joking, you're gorgeous. You're literally a perfect human being, how could you not be?" Tony edged closer, fumbling in the dark.
"We're both wrecks, that doesn't mean you aren't worth adoring. You're kind even though you hide it, and you care so much, and your smile feels like it could power the sun, and you don't treat me like a relic."
Those words, coupled with Tony's tender expression sent a wave of flames down his body. Shit. Shit shit shit. God, he wished he had more than the World's Softest Blanket on his lap to cover up other places the blood had rushed.
"I thought we left behind the dick measuring contest with the first round of aliens," Natasha sighed.
Tony clenched his jaw. " No. But who is? We're all a little fucked up, but we gotta keep moving forward."
"I've heard a tattoo feels like a fork being scraped across your skin a bunch of times," said Clint.
“NOoPe. No rest for the wicked, haha. I’ve still got so much to…do.” She yawned, and covered her mouth with a screwdriver. Steve stepped closer like he was confronting an unknown animal.
"The serum won't save you from embedded glass, you'll just heal around it, let me get a rag or something, hold tight, Cap."
Tony found Steve standing on the edge of the launch pad one night, looking at the sky.  Tony was coming back from installing some more energy efficient gadgets and wasn’t expecting anyone to be waiting up for her.
"Fuck me," Steve says. He doesn't sound like himself. His voice is low and drugged, and his eyes feel heavy yet burning, and his thighs fall open as far as they can – which is plenty far, as Yingtai can attest. He shifts his hips upwards a little, and Shawn groans and sinks another half an inch inside him, and suddenly Steve can't get enough air. "Shawn,
Steve just nods, looking down, afraid to open his mouth because of what fresh hell might trip out. He searches desperately for a change of subject, sure that his immediate future includes a polite dismissal and an offer to call him a taxi, and strangely reluctant for the evening to end. Instead, Tony asks if Steve follows baseball, and has JARVIS switch on the Red Sox vs. Dodgers game.
Steve barks a laugh. "Hell no," he says, but his blood is singing, and he feels alive in a way no orgasm can give him. "You gonna fly us out of here, Stark?"
Steve watches the way his fingers flex into the table, like he could have typed the problem away if only he'd known. He shakes his head.
Clint Barton is a thoroughly suspicious bastard. Perhaps that's a good thing. Phil sure needs someone paranoid watching his back. SHIELD seems like a dangerous place to be.
Having sex with his boyfriend Tony is - it takes Steve by surprise how different it feels from having sex with his client Tony. He is used to holding himself a little separate at all times, never actually being out of control even if he does play the role. But kissing Tony as someone Steve loves, someone who possibly loves him back - it takes the experience to a whole new level.
Have you maybe misplaced a notebook of writings? Because one has been delivered into my possession via courier about 30 mins ago. It’s in your handwriting so I have taken the liberty to assume it was in fact written by you.
"Okay?" Shawn asks. One of his large hands curls around Steve's wrist again, and Steve sags against the wall, the tension going out of him.
When his body tells him he's reaching the fifteen mile mark, Steve loops a couple of blocks and heads back towards the apartment. Now, he's meeting a few early-rising dog owners puttering after their mutts, and another runner who nods at him as she passes in the opposite direction. It's not a park, but Steve has always been a city boy at heart, and he likes the streets. Likes the life. He always thought, before, that he and Bucky would come back to New York, get married here, raise their children a floor apart at most in the same apartment block. It's what he had dreamed about, on those dark, cold nights when it had felt like the war would never end.
"Mmm," Shawn says. When Steve darts him a look, he's licking his lips and watching Steve's torso. "Yeah. I'm all about the throwing."
"Hmm," is all Stark says, but it's so heavy with suspicion that Steve knows he needs to extract himself from the situation with all haste.
"Uh, thanks," Steve says, flushing again. Tarren pats his shoulder, trailing his hand down Steve's chest as he presses another kiss against his lips.
"Jesus," Steve mutters, both of them turning to track the faraway flashes and plumes of smoke surrounding the SHIELD headquarters in lower Manhattan.
"It's like he doesn't know me or something," Tony complains as they both roll out of bed. "I mean, I would hate to think I've become predictable, but come on!"
Pentecost slides a hand along Steve's back, under his t-shirt. "Don't be stupid, of course it's okay," he says, still breathing hard.
A couple of minutes later, Steve stands in front of the mirror in his hallway, looking himself over critically. He looks... good. Even with the stubble he hasn't shaved in two days and hair not yet grown out after his customary shear. He has seen the way people look at him. Someone out there is gonna like what he or she sees.
He isn't aware of how much time passes before Shawn stops, all the way inside him, his hips pressed to Steve's ass. Steve isn't even sure how he feels; his body is like a foreign entity, like he's anchored inside yet floating out of it. Shawn is stroking over his sides, long, soothing swipes as he kisses Steve's neck.
Steve smirks and shrugs, letting Tony draw his own conclusions. His appalled face is the stuff of legend, and it has Steve snickering while Tony promises to take him to every burger joint and food truck with a good rating, "JARVIS can compile an algorithm, we are gonna do this shit right."
On the other hand, it's good to keep busy. It never quite stops him from thinking of other Christmases, being curled up with Bucky under a dozen blankets they'd bought with their meager savings, once Steve started getting jobs as an illustrator; of Christmas dinner made out of boiled potatoes and tiny pieces of turkey. Steve hadn't cared, as long as Bucky was with him. He'd known he would lose him to a wife soon enough, and he couldn't begrudge Bucky his happiness. He'd leave New York first.
Steve sighs and buries his face in his new wonderfully soft, silky blanket. Thank God he has a couple days to try and get his head on straight, figure out how he can keep all this neediness at bay, before he has to face Tony again.
But it's good. And when, after one of the times involving a bed, Phil opens his mouth and starts talking – really talking, no fall-backs, no codenames, just laying it out there for Steve to do what he wants with, it gets even better. Steve knows full well that there's no one else Phil can talk with like this, and he doesn't mind being a kind of release for him in other ways than just sex. One time, when Phil comes over strung half out of his skin because a certain marksman hasn't been in touch for a whole day out of schedule, and Fury had ordered him out of the office or he'd lock him up in a holding cell himself, Steve lets Phil tie his hands and his feet and edge the fuck out of him, trying to give him back some of his much-needed control. And when Phil has to leave halfway through their fuck, because of a phone call he started with, "Goddamn it, Barton, where the hell have you been?", Steve makes sure to waggle his eyebrows and tell him in no uncertain terms that he expects to hear the whole story next time they see each other.
She distributes a handful of old-style walkie-talkies amongst them, and Steve has to fight off a wave of nostalgia at the sight.
Steve nods eagerly, before piling a few sketchbooks and seven different types of pencils and charcoal sticks on the counter by the cashier register. Sonika gives him a ten percent 'new customer' discount and wishes him a nice day. Steve finds himself thinking it actually might be.
"Hey, pal," Tony replies, faceplate rising. "Does this stronghold have windows? Be easier to fly us down."
He settles the check while Tony is in the restroom, then leans back into his chair and sips his coffee, thoroughly content with his lot. Maybe he had to wade through all the shit thrown his way just to get here, to be capable of sitting still and savouring the moment without the nagging urge that he should be someplace else, moving until he can't anymore.
So he emails Katya back to say that he is available, and then spends the next couple of hours downloading a scheduling app and designing a minimalistic business card with his name, cell number and email address on one side of it, leaving the back empty for note-taking. He does not make it red, white, and blue, despite the perverse spike of defiance he weathers. That's not who he is anymore. He's just a guy, trying to make his way in the world, who'd gotten luckier than most in the health department.
Laeticia smiles faintly, patting his arm. "I know all about that, soldier. My best friend is a lieutenant in the Marines. I've learned how to skirt awkward silences."
"Six hundred is good for tonight," he hears himself say. His mouth goes on to add, "double that for an event beforehand."
Steve flushes, breathing a little hard. He'd been holding his breath for a while there, but it had been worth it, with how hard Laeticia had come on his mouth.
"Thanks," he says solemnly. Katya drapes herself back onto her bed as Steve pulls on his pants and hunts for his shirt. He spots a notepad on Katya's dresser, so he walks over and jots down his phone number and email address.
I’m not good at this. I care too much, and then people don’t like it and leave. So I told myself I’ll stop caring. I won’t let my feelings be used against me again. But that’s not how it works, is it? And by doing what I thought was best for me, I can see that it ended up hurting you even worse. I thought you didn’t care. But that wasn’t the problem, was it? You care, you care so much that it rips you apart, and I let it. I made sure it happened.
"Good evening, Sergeant Rogers," she says. She has a low, melodious voice that Steve instinctively likes. "Thank you for keeping my mother company. We should be heading in, Mom."
Steve feels his cheeks warm again. "Thanks," he says, ducking his head. "Haven't gotten used to it yet. I was a skinny little kid, growing up."
Tony tugs him out of the elevator by his tie. The lights on the floor are dim, and a hush presides over the space decorated in neutral tones. Steve can't really see Tony here, doubts he spends much time in his official office. He would bet half of the contents of his bank account that the place to find Tony nine times out of ten are the labs that no doubt take up ten floors or more of the building.
"If I did, I'd make sure to mention you as the sweet body that made all of this possible," Tony promises.
something wasn't right. You ripped a Kevlar-lined undershirt with your bare hands; your file is encrypted with more protection that I've ever seen in SHIELD's database - you don't know what food trucks are, you - Margaret Carter's
The grace the serum provides saves him from collision more than once. He is a little distracted by the beauty of the building, eyes drinking in the angles and unexpected symmetries hidden in the corners, but he isn't unaware of his surroundings - he never could be. He's chasing a beam up to its natural conclusion when he's jostled gently from behind, just enough to tip him into the shoulder of another person.
"Oh no, don't do that, she'll think I'm a hopeless philistine," Steve laughs, shaking his head wryly.
"It wasn't like that," he says reflexively; he pauses, but he feels like he owes Phil at least this much. "I'd have liked it if it had been, though."
The lady peers at him myopically before smiling and nodding approvingly. "So polite. Your mother taught you good manners. It's nice to see you didn't lose them in the Army."
Stark looks shocked and suspicious. Steve takes a deep breath and recentres himself, pushing all of his tumbling emotions back in the closet and slamming the door on them. He'll have time to deal with that mess later, when a Stark isn't staring him down and looking for the slightest gap to insert a crowbar.
There is silence between them for a couple of minutes, but she doesn't walk away, and Steve lingers, too, strangely loathe to break the quiet.
Steve would never admit it but, looking at Tony in that moment, he would have agreed to be just about anyone, if it would keep Tony looking at him like that: like a challenge he was keen to meet. In all of his life, Steve has felt this way exactly twice, and time has robbed him of both those people. Steve wishes he knew what he could do to hold Tony's interest, to make it stick this time. For Tony to want to stay even after he has learned all there is to know about Steve. Steve wonders if he's even capable of such a feat. (Knowing he most likely isn't does nothing to stop the wanting.)
"Door number two," Steve says immediately, shuddering at the thought of a vast room with a number of easy-access entry points. "There's—I gotta make a phone call first, though."
Steve tries really hard not to cringe, but he feels his skin flush and knows he must look tellingly blotchy. Tony gives him the most appalled look Steve has ever been on the receiving end of. Not even Sarah Rogers could have bettered it.
, look how pretty you are when you take my cock," Shawn rasps, and half a dozen brutally hard thrusts later, he stills on top of Steve and groans deep and guttural before sagging onto Steve's chest, breathing like he just ran ten miles in as many minutes.
Steve turns, careful not to dislodge Shawn's hand. From up close, Shawn looks a little different, body taut and compact but thick with muscle across the chest, hips trim below a solid core. There is a hint of apprehension in his eyes, as if he expects Steve to change his mind, now that they're on the edge of action.
The sky is still dark, but he shoves his feet in sneakers anyway and drops his keys and a few bills in the pocket of his running pants. He leaves the 'phone on the table. He isn't expecting any calls.
"Look at you," Pentecost breathes, once Steve can feel his balls press to his perineum. "Taking that cock so good, you were made for this, soldier."
Steve laughs softly, toasting Selma with his drink. She tips him a wink. "Yeah, she's definitely in my good graces."
"'Tony Stark's new mystery man: can he fare better than the ladies?' 'Prince Charming tries another Cinderella'. Holy crap, they move fast."
And before; in that nebulous time before Steve became Captain Rogers, there was the stacking of shelves, and library work whenever he could get it, and drawing for anyone who'd hire him. There was the reading of letters for elderly neighbours, and thinking up stories to write to Bucky while he was in Basic, to keep his spirits up and try to not let on how desperately Steve missed him. There were the hours Steve spent ransacking the library's law section when a smarmy bastard tried to kick out the tenants of their apartment block on some flimsy pretext in order to knock the building down and build on top of it.
that has Steve laughing, groin tightening a little – because it's definitely not just women who feel that way.
"Seriously, why is everyone giving me tax advice all of a sudden?" Steve huffs, lifting another glass of champagne off a passing waiter's tray. He might as well, and this stuff doesn't taste half-bad. "I've been doing this for a year already."
"Dude, you're seriously good," Jonah says a little while later, on his way around the room. Steve hesitates to think badly of a brand new acquaintance, but Jonah reminds him of nothing so much as a peacock strutting about, puffing out his chest. He's sure Jonah is a perfectly nice guy, just.
"It's not your fault. Besides, they're right. I am a fossil. The modern world is… Well, it's going to take some getting used to. But, uh, if it's okay, I'll keep your number, too. In case of emergencies."
"No," Steve begs, grabbing for Tony's other hand too. "Tony, no, you shouldn't. Phil has been great. For a long time, he was the only friend I had. It's not his fault. He hated this too."
Sometime later, Sam seems to have done digesting, because he drains his beer and drops the bottle on the table in favour of rubbing both hands over his face.
"Ah, you must be Natalie," Jonah says, Steve forgotten as he makes a beeline for presumably this week's model. "Thanks for coming in on such short notice, you're a lifesaver. Hopefully Patrick should be fine to come back next week. How weird that Poppy ran away like that, she's normally so well behaved! Well, never mind, you're here now. Would you like to get settled? Everyone, this is Natalie, she's covering for Patrick. His cat got into a little bit of trouble with a pigeon, yeah, we'll be sure to tease him about it next week, huh?"
Phil wastes no time clicking the lube open to coat his fingers. He starts with one, too gentle by half. Steve roll his hips to let him know that isn't going to cut it.
"You'd have been lucky," Tony says in the end, voice unexpectedly warm. "She was one hell of a classy lady."
" he demands, eyes rolling back into his head. He's so turned on, so desperate to be had, that when Tony finally pushes his legs up and guides himself inside, Steve is too far gone to censor the noises coming out of him, embarrassing or no.
The thing is that, for a while now, Phil has been not-so-subtly pushing him to find someone to see, on whatever basis it worked for Steve. It was him that balked every time. But – he'd promised himself that he'd start taking risks again, hadn't he? If he ever wants to start dating someone for real, he needs to learn how to talk about himself beyond what art medium he prefers and how he takes his coffee.
, but it goes seamlessly – just like other nights when Steve has gone home with someone from the bar. Katya pulls him against her by his slim black tie, and proceeds to fuck her tongue into his mouth until Steve is panting and needy and hard enough to drill through his pants. Then she tugs his head down, and explains in his ear
"How did he-" Steve mutters to himself, half-tempted to write back anyway and give Tony a piece of his mind. In the end, he sighs and closes his laptop, heading for the shower. If Tony wants to spend his money giving Steve unreasonable tips for something he'd have gotten anyway, so much the worse for him. The irritating, infuriating asshole.
"I'm here with someone tonight," he says apologetically, then looks at Pentecost through his eyelashes as he holds out one of his newly minted business cards between two fingers. "But maybe you could call me sometime. I'm sure we could make arrangements."
Tony, please. Please, don’t leave it like this. I care for you, more than I have admitted to anyone but myself. I want to try to make this right. I want to see if we can be friends again. I understand that there are things between us that will take a lot of talking and apologies to right. But I want to do the work. I want to try and see if we can fix this.
"Are you kidding me? Haven't had this much fun since I quit flying. No way am I letting you wiggle out of it until I know what the hell's going on."
makes Steve's heart feel like it's cracking down the middle. It's too painful to breathe, so he holds his breath for a while, until his chest starts burning with lack of oxygen instead of other things. Jim Morita had a huge sprawling family. The thought makes Steve smile, and it's only then that he realises his face is wet. Dum Dum never had children, but there is a chain of gyms and bars across America that bear his name. Dernier died some time ago, in France. Falsworth ascended to being the eighth Earl of Wessex before his death just two years ago. He had two children who are both gay, which should make it interesting for the next generation of the succession.
"Do it, do it, fuck me," he repeats, just about the only words he can still muster. It just, it feels
"Likewise, JARVIS," Steve manages through the insidious warmth of arousal Tony's touch is sending through him. Looks like he'll be breaking his own mandate from earlier in the evening – and he couldn't care less.
What if they sell it to the papers. I’ve been through several wars by now and I haven’t been this scared even when I was blowing up Nazi weapon factories with the Nazis still in them. I--
By this point I have accepted the fact that I am never sending you these. What I haven’t seem to have accepted is to stop writing them at all. They crowd in my head, clamour over each other, a cat’s cradle of thoughts and things I want to say to you. If I try to stop, the ache in my chest makes me feel like I’m losing a lung. So writing it is, even if no one will ever see these but me.
"You are such a freak," Tony says fondly, observing him as he tucks himself away into his mostly ruined pants. "What even are you doing?"
Steve shrugs. "I lied. You're gonna have to feed me, because I'm starving." He wants to play the old man card, but... Tony doesn't know about that. Might never find out, all in all.
(And she does like to dance. The first time she had asked, it had tripped Steve so much that he'd almost had an anxiety attack right there on the edges of the dance floor. So he'd bitten the bullet and taken a dance class, and then another. The impersonal professionalism of his teacher had been just the thing to get him over his hangups; and now, while he still sometimes feels like he's got two left feet, and there's a space between his arms that will never be filled, he can at least do his job and not embarrass his partner. So it goes.)
But, "High praise indeed, coming from you," is all Tony says, winking with a wicked grin. "You must get around."
"Art should be allowed to breathe," Tony says. "Be a part of people's lives. Otherwise what's the point of it, stuck behind a six-inch-thick vault door?"
One day, Steve sits down at his kitchen table, and realises that his life has filled up. He knows people; he has contacts in his phone, a mass of texts, emails from his internet friends padding up his inbox. He's got people he can call and go out for coffee with, and someone he can talk to as
Several minutes later, once his brain has restarted itself, he notices the way Pentecost has curled his body around him, touching Steve from head to toe, nearly wrapping himself around Steve, skin pressing everywhere it can touch. Oh, Steve thinks, and shifts to push one thigh between Pentecost's, settles more heavily on top of him. Pentecost's other arm lifts, too, wrapping itself around Steve's waist.
"Right on both counts," Tony says agreeably, taking the glass out of Steve's hand and throwing back the last swallow, the long column of his throat bared to Steve's appreciative gaze. "So? Wanna go on an adventure?"
"Hey, I was thinking, ice cream?" Tony says, sliding his damp hands through his hair and rubbing them together to dry them as he settles back into his chair.
It works, is the thing. Steve is... happy, in a way that he never would have expected when he first opened his eyes in this new world. He loves his job, loves his friends, loves the way his days are always full, more often than not to the soundtrack of people's joyful laughter. He wakes up with a smile, sleeps more than four hours a night, and doesn't need the sight of a pristine punching bag to settle him into his bones.
how much you cost, it's just good manners. But you can tell me. And while you're at it, let me know what you charge for a full night's service, will you? Escorting me to an event, that kind of thing, because baby, who wouldn't want candy like you on their arm to make everybody around them disgustingly jealous?"
. She always said that Steve Rogers and the Commandos must've been fifty times more interesting than the official histories tried to paint you. Shit, Cap, you put together the first interracial team of highly trained soldiers. Do you
M’Baku and T’Challa nearly killed each other, but since they were smugly trying to one-up each other’s death-defying stunts after the fact, I don’t think they’re gonna hold a grudge.
He leans in again, and this time he gives in to what he wants, and presses his mouth to the tip. Tony's hips jerk and it grows wet under Steve's touch, making his lips curve smugly. Whatever else happens, Tony wants this, with him. Steve being a firm believer in positive reinforcement, he opens up and lets the tip slide inside, over his tongue, indulging in the taste of arousal, the smell of want on the roof of his mouth.
They reach the car, and despite himself, Steve lingers. Tony does, too, leaning back against the gleaming hood and watching him like Steve is a curious experiment Tony means to work out.
But sometimes I sit in Shuri’s lab and watch her work, and I daydream about you walking through the door. You’d take off your sunglasses with that snappy move, and you’d look around, no doubt taking in the whole place in a split second. And then you’d say something like, “Did I die? Is this Heaven? Hey, kid, you run this joint? Tell me EVERYTHING. What is
Steve trusts Phil, is the thing. Pretty much with his life. And Phil trusts Barton. So Steve turns obligingly and allows himself to be lead towards the opposite corner, by a sprawling Benjamin ficus that takes up almost the entire height of the wall.
He swallows past the familiar stab of ache and focuses on what's before him. Natalie's neck is long, and she has quirked her head just so to accentuate it. There is a freckle on the side of her right breast, and Steve dabs it on, rubbing with the tip of his finger to smudge it into her skin. The way her face is tilted, her features are nearly in profile, and Steve swipes his stick to put down her plump lips, her straight, regal nose, the high line of her brow, the slits of her eyes... looking at him.
"Fuck me," he chants as Tony lets him up for air, as he kisses down Steve's chest, lingering over a nipple for longer than Steve ever imagined could be interesting for anyone. "Please, come on. I want your dick inside me. Don't you want your dick inside me? I'm nice and tight, I promise you."
Steve turns in her arms, coming face to face with a gorgeous woman with bright purple hair caught in an untidy bunch at the back of her neck. Bangs trail to frame her round face, and her lips are painted a shade of chilli red that makes Steve unconsciously lean closer.
Phil lets his pants drop at last, stepping out of them and prowling naked to stand at the foot of the bed.
Steve winces, hiding it behind a sip of his diabetes-inducing coffee. "Thanks. Honestly, I couldn't talk to you even if I wanted to. Classified."
"Thank you, Agent Coulson," Steve says again, offering his hand. Coulson hesitates a mere second before taking it in a firm, strong grip. It's effortlessly reassuring, and so welcome that Steve feels the familiar burn behind his eyes when Coulson smiles at him.
"Sure thing," she agrees easily. She tosses a few cubes of ice in a short curved glass, then reaches for a blue bottle of gin, tipping a measure into a shaker full of even more ice. Her deft hands add fresh lime juice, a line of syrupy liquid from a container she takes out of the bar fridge, and shakes vigorously. Steve watches the surface of the metal shaker sweat, droplets snaking down the sides where the bartender grips it, and follows her smooth, practiced movements as she strains the mix into the glass. She slices a couple of cucumber circles to finish it off, adds a few fragrant green leaves, then drops a napkin on the bar and pushes it across.
"Thank you, Sam," he says, doing his best to breathe through the lump in his throat that's big enough to choke on.
Phil hums noncommittally. "Does it have to be Japan? If you wanted to learn to cook, I can't recommend Italy enough."
Steve yanks his thoughts back from whence they had wandered. Getting hard in a public place is not something he wants to have to deal with. But the seed of the idea has been planted. Idleness is not something Steve is made for, and while his days have been full of late, it's the times in between, when he catches himself staring out of his living room windows and wondering if running thirty extra miles is a viable option for the afternoon, that Steve wants to eliminate if at all possible.
"Clint Barton, Tony Stark," Phil says warily. Steve can't take his eyes off the man, not because he is particularly handsome – though he is, in a tough, rugged way – but because he has heard so much about him from Phil and knows for a fact that Barton has him twisted around his little finger, though once again the man seems thoroughly ignorant of that fact.
"Great," Steve says, relieved. This isn't so hard. Okay, so maybe it's because Shawn is a nice, considerate guy, and Steve is so lucky to have stumbled upon him tonight, but hey, it's just sex. Steve can do this.
"Don't you say that," Tony snaps, grabbing the front of Steve's t-shirt and getting in his face. "You're special. You're plenty special. Just because SHIELD can't see out of their own asses doesn't mean you didn't do great things, saved countless lives. You've been my hero since I knew who you are, Cap."
Tony shrugs. "I want to learn, though. You can—Steve. You can trust me. Okay? I want this. I want you. I
I know things are rarely black and white. I know you know that even better than I do. But we can meet in the middle. I’d like that. We’ve been good at understanding each other most of the time. It’s just in this particular case that we got muddled up by our egos and scary emotions and ended up profoundly misunderstanding one another, and then we were too stubborn to admit to it. I know you say I’m stubborn, but have you met you?
"Oh, we're going to be such good friends," he says, at least fifty percent just to hear the despairing noise Phil makes.
"I had fun," Tony adds after a long moment of sizing Steve up. "So much so, I' love to do it again. You free on Wednesday? There's a dinner I have to attend, and having you there would make it several magnitudes more enjoyable. You can charge me your usual rate."
"You're always welcome to throw bling at me, baby, you know what I like," Clint winks at him sleazily.
In which the other shoe finally drops, and Steve finds that sometimes taking the risk is the only possible choice.
He knows he isn't okay. He couldn't admit it before, couldn't bear to acknowledge just how fucked up everything was, just how desolate and desperately lost he had been when they dragged him out of the ice. Maybe it's because he's doing better now, that he can allow himself the understanding of what it means that he can distinguish his current state of mind as being 'better' when compared to before.
It's not like his life changes, after that. He still goes to yoga class, still has dinners with Sonika and Jonah and some of his other fellow artists that he gets along with. He still chats with his LiveJournal friends, and makes time to have coffee with Phil every couple of weeks, and spends the nights following those worrying about the stress wrinkles etched deeper into the agent's face every time Steve sees him. He even goes back to Shawn's bar, picking up a couple of guys who cement the knowledge of just how much Steve likes getting it from other men.
"You know, you're not at all how I thought you'd be," Steve muses, eyeing up a potential dining venue. It's on the small side, with checkered tablecloths and white wooden chairs, but most of the tables are full and the smell of marinara sauce wafting through the open doors is irresistible.
"About the other thing," Phil adds. His voice has leveled out again, crisis of confidence evidently over. Steve wonders what other thing he means, before he replays his words and it's his turn to wince. Oh. Way to come out, Rogers.
Tony sounds exactly like he had a week ago when Steve saw him last. It's only when something inside him unclenches and he can breathe again that Steve realises just how worried he'd really been.
"Thank you for your service," she says. Her touch is dry despite the layer of sweat visible over her shoulders – she works her classes hard, and her students appreciate her all the more for it. "My brother's over in Afghanistan right now. Hope there's someone like you taking good care of him."
After that night, it's like a dam breaks. Katya must have given his number to a couple of her friends, and they must do the same after Steve takes them out, because all of a sudden, Steve is finding his nights pretty full. He hasn't even been back to the Library in over two weeks, that's how much business he's getting. He goes and buys several more suits, splurges a little on the tailoring and watches women's (and men's) eyes travel over him like they want to eat him alive. When he mentions this to Star, he sends him a
"I'm going to rip Coulson into tiny little shreds," is what Tony says. The tone is conversational, but his eyes reveal the fury inside.
to tell you about General Okoye. She did not like me at first. I gather that Wakanda has remained rigorously separate from the rest of the world for generations. VERY few outsiders make it inside, let alone be allowed to live here. Not that I live here now or anything. But I have remained for days. Weeks.
Anyway. Bucky woke up today. She brought him out of the cryosleep and I helped move him to a medibed (which is some kind of bed wired with sensors and actually able to disperse drugs directly to the patient! It’s AMAZING.) He was so cold. So, so cold to the touch, and for a second, I was up in the mountains and watching him fall over and over again, and I couldn’t breathe, but I didn’t drop him. I made sure he was lying comfortably, and then Shuri kicked me out because she said the next part would take a while and she didn’t need a ‘white boy’ hovering and distracting her. She said I wasn’t ‘broken’ anyway, so there was no need to be in the lab. I’m not so sure about that. I think she might be wrong, this time. I feel broken. In my head, in my chest. I am walking and talking, but I’m not whole.
I shouldn’t even write this to you, even if you’ll never see it. You’ll think I’m betraying you. You’ll hate me.
a gorgeous cock," he says dreamily. "Don't know if I mentioned that before. I want to get to know it very, very well."
, and Steve doesn't even realise when he shoots again, just knows that the front of Shawn's belly is slick and his dick feels shivery and oversensitive, and his eyes are wet, and he doesn't know if he wants Shawn to stop or never stop. But then Shawn pushes an arm under Steve's leg, and lifts it up towards Steve's chest, opening him up even more, and wow, oh,
"I'm fucking him because we both want it. And because it's really fucking awesome, as it happens. I'm sure you'll find out for yourself soon enough."
God i wish i could talk to you. And i could. Nothing is stopping me. Here’s the phone you gave me. Yours is the only number in it. It would be so easy to press dial.
"Wait," Shawn gasps, pawing over the blanket at Steve's side. He comes back with a condom, and okay, Steve has been told that he doesn't need to worry about STDs ever again in his life, but Shawn doesn't know that, and Steve is grateful for his presence of mind when Steve himself feels like his brain has leaked out of his ears. In moments, Shawn has the condom rolled down his length, and then he is pressing inside Steve's ass, and, oh.
Still, he agrees with Steve's choice and nudges him inside with a hand at the small of his back, fingers teasing ever-so-softly along the arch of his spine. Steve will be damned if he isn't helplessly charmed by the conniving bastard. They are seated right away, and Tony matches his order for garlic bread and plenty of it, followed by a huge plate of pasta, and manages to put away nearly as much of it as Steve himself.
Phil snorts a laugh, adding teeth to the mix over the bruise that must be rising nicely over Steve's skin. "If you think I got nothing out of this, think again, buddy."
Steve grinds his teeth, looks Tony dead in the eye. "I'm not him anymore. I'm not Captain America. I'm just Steve Rogers from Brooklyn, New York. Okay, Tony? I was born a hundred years ago, but that doesn't make me special. Everything special about me came out of a bottle."
"How can you not have heard of Sudoku?" Tony demands, eyebrows up near his hairline. "Have you been living in a cave the past decade?"
In which there are more bombs dropping and Steve starts to realise the truth: some things have to be faced sooner or later, whether he wants to or not.
"Sorry, sorry. Man, your face. All the history books make you out all 'aw shucks ma'am'. They got it so wrong."
Tony rolls his eyes, but he's fighting a grin. "You military types are a hazard to my health," he declares, stuffing several fries smothered in ketchup in his mouth. His eyes twinkle when they catch Steve's, like he knows that Steve is calling him a giant hypocrite in his head and is inviting him to share the joke. He is a very strange man, but the truth is, Steve can't remember the last time he was so entertained, and so… intrigued. Damn Starks and their everything.
about Balthamos, and moreover, has some further insights to impart that leave Steve blushing a fiery red but undeniably intrigued. Star then links him to a couple of books that would have been burnt in a pyre in Steve's time, and also to the unbelievable bounty of webcomics. Steve is enthralled. The level of skill of these young people is unbelievable – and to think, they do all of this for free, because they want to share something with the world and they feel strongly enough about it to put it out there, risking criticism and worse. Steve shyly contacts the writer of Gunnerkrigg Court to gush about how beautiful the art is and ask about the drawing medium. His list for the next time he visits Sonika grows exponentially.
why do i keep doing this to myself, why, you never, you - you don’t think i can feel things, is that it? you think i’m a fucking robot? i just build them, you asshat, i have feelings, i’m not made of stone. this is last year all over again. have you learned nothing? does nothing penetrate that thick skull of yours? is barnes the only person you can feel empathy for???
"I'm done," Shawn murmurs in his ear. His breath stirs the fine hairs at Steve's temple; Steve finds himself leaning into the touch without conscious thought. "You still wanna go someplace with me?"
Sam eyes him suspiciously, but switches the TV over to a hockey game, and they watch the Capitals demolish the Flyers for a while. Sam cheers every time someone gets rammed into the glass, regardless of what team they play for. It's... nice. Steve lets himself smile and sinks further into the cushions. Maybe Sam would like to do this again – without the truckload of emotions, mind you. Steve feels better, no doubt, but he'd still rather jump out of the space shuttle than do this again, any day.
. Buttons fly everywhere, and it parts with a satisfying wet rip, baring Tony's chest and the glowing blue of the arc reactor through the thick undershirt. For a moment, Steve wonders if the solidity of the fabric is meant to hide it; and then he lets the thought float away, chased by the dilation of Tony's pupils, the luminous light in his eyes.
"Lead the way," Phil tells him, an edge of authority colouring his tone, and wow, yeah. Steve does have the best ideas sometimes.
This might be the last letter I write in a while. I don’t want to leave this notebook in Wakanda, not when I have no idea when, or if, I’ll be coming back. I don’t want people to see it. But I don’t think I can write these letters with Natasha so close. She’ll know. I don’t know how, but she
The summer soldier never wins the war, Steve reminds himself; and this is a war, he won't make the mistake of thinking otherwise. There are lives on the line, and if that weren't enough, there are values under threat that Steve cannot, in any incarnation of himself, stand by and watch erased.
How had he not known about Howard's son? He had seen the name everywhere, in every store he has come across, but he had always thought it was shareholders running the company nowadays, after Howard's death. To find himself face to face with his son like that, it...
Ms Potts laughs, which Steve had hoped for – the last thing he wants to do is come across as some pretentious jerk. "I find that trusting my own inner aesthetic compass takes me further than any degree could – but I would say that. I do have a master's degree in art history."
The SHIELD agents are looking at him intently when he turns back to them. Steve narrows his eyes. "What?"
"Oh," Tony says. Steve eyes him, because he sounded genuinely regretful. "I mean, okay, if that's what you want. I guess I can't expect you to be understanding of the whole Iron Man superhero business."
"Well, that gives us either too much time or not nearly enough." Oh, but Steve likes that cocky grin more than he should. "Besides, I'm betting you're not that kinda girl."
God," he stutters as Tony licks his lips, waggling his eyebrows lewdly, and wastes no time taking Steve deep into his throat. Then he
He's surprised by just how much he enjoys Tony's answering laugh, loud and spluttering like it's knocked out of him.
He decides to tell Tony over dinner on Thursday. Tony flies back in town on Wednesday after a long week of meetings in Tokyo, so Steve wants him to have a chance to catch his breath before he springs the metric shitton of baggage he comes with on his unsuspecting boyfriend.
He tugs Steve gently upright, steadies him when Steve wavers on his feet, then helps him out of his clothes and steers him into the bedroom. No bed has ever looked so inviting, and Steve wants to cry with gratitude when Pentecost lets him drop in a boneless sprawl over one side of it. Steve hears him move around, the rustle of clothes, and then Pentecost stretches out on his other side, as naked as Steve. Steve takes it as invitation, shuffles until he can lie over Pentecost's firm, warm chest, and sighs when he feels an arm wrap around his shoulders, holding him in place.
Nevertheless, the next time he gets dressed and goes to a bar, he has a game plan, and he intends to stick to it. It's not the same place as last time; sure, Steve had fun, but he's got a different agenda tonight. He is still nervous approaching women, but knowing what he wants, knowing what
His muttering trails off as he yanks the underarmour over his head, popping out with a tangle of ruffled strands dandelioning around his face. Steve longs to push his hands into it and tame them, but there's no time for that now. He puts on a button-down shirt and a pair of slacks - he has no idea what's happening, but people are more likely to take him seriously if he isn't wearing a t-shirt and jeans.
For a long moment, Tony remains quiet. All Steve can hear is the surrounding traffic and the noise of the city beyond it, calling to him like it always has.
Sonika makes him write down his number for her, and clutches it as she promises to call as soon as she knows the next date. "You don't even have to model straight away. You can come just to draw a couple of times."
Steve offers him another candle. Instead of leaning in, Tony' warm, sure fingers circle Steve's wrist and bring it closer, holding Steve's eyes all the while. A frisson of awareness slithers down Steve's spine. Strange, since the sex was fun but hardly mindblowing – and yet Steve notices his breath quickening, and his skin tingles under the ring of Tony's fingers.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," Frieda says, face paling. She puts a hand on his arm, squeezing a little. "You served?"
"Pitch or catch," Shawn finishes for him. Steve exhales. He's going to have to remember that metaphor.
New York stretches under and around them, tall buildings all lit up for the night, cars rushing and honking through the streets, the ever-present pulse of the city cocooning them in the indelible feeling of coming home. Steve doesn't know where to look first, craning his neck this way and that, and when Tony twists them so that Steve is on top of him looking down, Steve honestly doesn't remember a single moment since he woke up in this time when has felt more himself than now. For a brief second, he wonders if Howard had ever imagined this future. If he could have foreseen what his son was capable of, what he would become. He would have been proud as hell.
Despite the risks and sacrifices involved, there is no version of Steve Rogers or Captain America anywhere that will not face a Nazi assault head-on, plant himself like a tree against it, and say, "Not on my watch."
The deafening silence lasts for nearly thirty seconds, long enough that Steve pulls his phone away to check if the line got disconnected and tries not to have heart palpitations.
Katya is a tall, willowy Russian expat who works for the UN. Steve meets her, as usual, in the Library, and spends most of an evening talking with her about so many things, his brain feels excited and alive from the exhilaration of a good conversation. When Katya asks if he wants to come home with her, Steve lingers only to get his coat.
"Steve." Stacker sounds fully awake; apparently Steve's guess wasn't that far off. "If you're calling why I think you're calling, I'm not sure how much I can give you."
"I honestly don't think you've got anything to worry about," Steve says, stifling a smile. "And don't talk to me about age, son, I'm a senior citizen, you know."
"Talk to me now instead." Tony's voice comes from very close behind him. Steve turns to find him standing a couple of steps away, dropping his jacket over the top of one of Steve's kitchen chairs. Then he steps closer, and the soft tenderness Steve sees laid bare across his features makes him quake right to his core.
Steve lets his mouth quirk. "I don't know about that. I can be any kinda girl you like, under the right circumstances."
They take out a couple of hostiles in full body armour as soon as they crash through the window, then collect one of theirs on the way. Steve can't see their face, but Clint appears to know who they are, so Steve doesn't question the intelligence of the move. They hustle down the stairs - some with more clonking noises than others - and stop before a part of the wall Clint taps a series of knocks on. It swings open to reveal -
"I don't know everything," Steve demurs. "But Phil's been making noises about there being a mole in the agency. They've been trying to flush it for years, except it's looking like it's less of a mole and more of an ant farm. My guess is that they finally figured out the brass was onto them and decided to make their move."
was the first thing he rushed out to buy as soon as he found out about it, but right now he is making his way through the
Steve half-turns, the corner of his mouth hitching despite himself when Tony Stark steps into his space and grins up at him.
"Prices, baby. Rates? I don't know what term you use these days. How much do I owe you for tonight?"
You know what, no. I don’t think I will be “disregarding” your “communication”. Tony, come on. Please. We’re grown-ups, right? I miss you. So much. It looks like you might miss me too. Can we not talk about this?
Steve swallows past the sudden lump in his throat. He's—it would probably be good, he knows Phil would approve, but—he can't. Talking about it is just. How would he even start? He can't. He signed SHIELD's NDA because he knew it was the right thing to do, and even if he hadn't, he still doesn't know how he could talk about what he's been through, what he left behind somewhere over the Arctic sea in 1944.
“Hey, genius never-never waits for-for showers,” Tony says with a shrug. The tired, almost slurred nature of his words and dark bags under his eyes gives him away, though.
But now—now I live among friends that would never let me do that to myself again, would support me throughout whatever came my way. There is no reason to try and cut the pain away anymore, because there are people to lift my burden and make it lighter.
“Oh, really?” I snap. “I thought everything ran on the infinite happiness of rainbows and unicorn fairies!”
He slams on the brakes, and I fly forwards, cracking my head on the windshield. The weight on the roof of the car goes flying off and lands in the middle of the road. Sparks fly, accompanying the sound of screeching metal as the Winter Soldier drags his metal hand across the asphalt.
Especially when the last thing we’d heard from the archer was, “I’m fine!” right before a pterodactyl had pushed him off the edge.
I duck out of the way of the first swipe, then dive left after feinting right, coming up behind the Soldier and pushing. He’s off-balance for a millisecond, and I use that to bring one foot up and kick the knife out of his hand. In an unexpected burst of speed, the Soldier whips around and grabs my ankle in one hand, grip harsh and bruising.
“You’re the last of our potential recruits,” the director informs me as we take off. “You’ll meet the rest of them shortly after we arrive.” I roll my eyes.
“Yes, I’ve met them,” he says with a menacing grin. I roll my eyes, slipping off the counter in order to walk over to the other side of the bar.
Tony and Steve both turn to look at an inconspicuous, oversized, red, white and blue frisbee propped up against the wall.
“I looked in your head and saw annihilation,” Wanda interjects, eyes narrowed. Pietro’s hand makes an aborted move to grasp at his twin’s arm, but he steps forwards instead.
"Thor, you've gotta try and bottleneck that portal, slow them down," Steve commands. "You've got the lightning, light the bastards up." He looks at Natasha. "You and me, we stay here on the ground, keep the fighting here. Lynx, I want you to go after anything that Barton tells you. And Hulk... smash." The grin that the green giant gives in return in wide and fierce. And then he leaps from the bridge, landing on the side of one of the buildings that Chitauri are clinging to.
“I know,” I hasten to assure him. “But I think, even after all the brainwashing that I’m always going to think of the person you knew as Bucky as the Soldier, because the way you talk about him make him an entirely different person. And I don’t think that I’ll ever be able to call him that, because I won’t feel comfortable calling him I never knew. And after all this, I don’t think he’ll ever be the person you knew.”
Steve nods, and then he's taking off, bouncing off walls until he's close enough to fire a special SHIELD-issued grappling hook. Clint salutes me jokingly before following Nat over the side of the railing. I hurry after Steve, but take a short cut and just fly up. Steve meets me at the top, beckoning me behind a portion of wall. The wait is excruciating, but necessary. STRIKE needs to be ready to do what their name suggests, and Nat and Clint need to secure the engine room before we can attack Batroc.
"Do you want a functional sniper or not?" he whines. Rolling her eyes at her partner in the review mirror, Nat pulls away from the curb.
“Steve, a little help?” I call. Ultron shoots a beam of energy at me, and I dive to the side. The civilians behind me do the same, to my relief.
I take comfort in both, because while she may have been taken by the very robot we need to turn into scrap, she’s given us an in.
I push myself to my feet immediately as the Soldier pauses for a moment, sprinting towards my whip, which is lying on the ground a few feet away. When I turn back around, the assassin has already yanked the arrow off of his arm, looking around for the source.
On the way down, I angle my descent so that I’ll crash into the supersoldiers, tucking my head down and sheltering it with my arms. The force of the impact rattles my bones, and my reapers slip out of the armguards, catching something on the way out. Rolling out of the tangle of limbs, I bring one reaper around in a slashing arc to dig deep into the Soldier’s flesh arm.
“Ms. Hinojosa, we have a problem here!” Rogers suddenly yells. The sound of gunfire follows his words. I groan, arms trembling with the effort of keeping the helicarrier level, even if only from one side.
(I almost pray for JARVIS not to give us away before realising that he isn’t here anymore, something that leaves me feeling strangely empty.)
“How will your friends have time for me,” the god says, eyes slightly manic as he advances forward a step or two, “when they’re so busy fighting you?” With a speed almost impossible to register, he brings the scepter up and taps it against Tony’s chest. But there only a clink. Both he and the billionaire look down at it in surprise. The god tries again. “This usually works!” he mutters confusedly.
A few Legionaires have located me, and I quickly swing myself over the side of the catwalk, slowing my descent but letting myself land on the floor below.
It’s just the Soldier and me now. Steve is gone, and the eyes that used to belong to James Buchanan Barnes are staring at me, pinning me in place even as the rest of me screams to
Thankfully, one piece isn’t that much to ask for, and I land on top of the building that Steve is supposed to meet me on, just as Jasper Sitwell is thrown through the rooftop door.
“Hey, Hawkass?” I call into my radio, decaptitating another alien in a spray of blue blood. I wrinkle my nose as some of it splatters over my clothes, but whirl around in order to rugby-tackle another, shoving a blade through its neck. “Backup would be appreciated.” There’s no response, and I swear as I duck out of the way of another speeder. A white-hot jet of purple laser hits me in the side, and I swerve wildly off course, crashing into a speeder. The alien driving it takes the opportunity to grip my neck in a crushing grip.
I am so sorry that my publishing schedule is irregular as fuck, and I don’t actually have an excuse other than motivational issues. Hope this chapter turned out well, and feedback is always appreciated. Thanks for reading!
"Sooooo, Nat," I say, turning slowly to face her. "Anything you want to tell us?" Clint leans back in his chair, bow propped up beside him.
I frown at the sudden change in topic and the tense aura around his voice, but decide that the Topic should be left Avoided for now, because Talking About It is reserved for small, emotional bursts of Talking and my tea is getting cold. I take a sip.
Still, he had to make sure both parties were in agreement. The tone in Tony's voice almost worried him.
"Oh is that what this is?" Tony asks with a small laugh, allowing his feet to move with the slow music. "You were jealous?"
Tony was the one who spoke, but it was not his voice that came out. No, the voice was small and cracked and foreign to Tony's ears. It was the voice of his past self uttering a name to a face he never thought he'd see again. He knew his mouth was hanging open, and he figured he would be the one now with a wave of emotion carrying over his face, while people looked at him.
"Because I'm an idiot." Steve says as he cards a hand through his hair. "I don't even know what i was trying to accomplish when I came that day, I had no plan." he sighs, once again using his shirt to wipe away the sweat on his face.
Tony's eyes met Steve's "Yup." He spoke agreeing with no one but himself. "This was the best decision I've made my whole life."
Tony didn't know how long he was gone for, but he knew he didn't get very far. The road didn't carry on for long before he was met by wilderness. Which just made him curse Vermont because seriously who decides to build a city road that dead ends into a dirt walking path. Though it was kind of a blessing in disguise, because Tony spent most of the walk back cursing the idiots that planned the town. He wasn't reminded of why he left in the first place until the hotel came back into view.
"First of all, I'm straight, support the LGBTQ Sisters, Brothers and all ya'll in between though." He looked directly into the camera as he said that, sending Clint into a second round of giggles. "Secondly No, we're not dating."
It's of the cityscape, the sun just beginning to rise, peaking out above the tall city buildings, The floor the ceiling windows are on full display, and just barely, if Steve squints, he can see Tony's reflection in the windows. It's distorted, but he see's Tony's body, the outline of a bed, and just barely, he can make out his own form laying behind him.
"I have." Steve confirms, because, he doesn't really know where this is going, but whatever it is, it's enough to unsettled the God of Thunder. Which in itself is unsettling.
Later turned into hours, in fact Tony completely lost track of time. His food had arrived at some point and been devoured shortly after, but then he got lost in his own head, and had dozed off again some time after that. The sharp knock at the door forced him up, then it came again and he tried to blink away the sleep before padding to the hotel door. He was barely awake, but the knocking continued, getting more and more frantic with every Step Tony took.
"I thought Tony  had advised you against reading the comments." Natasha replied as she followed Steve off of the elevator and headed into the kitchen, getting to work on her usual after sparring protein shake.
"Right." Tony was still tinkering with his armor, already fully aware of the current state of the country, with a firm understanding of why exactly they were about to suit up and go talk to a group of high school kids.
"You're ridiculous." Tony is chuckling again, but he's sliding an arm over Steve's side and pressing soft kisses along his shoulders, his calloused fingers grazing against his bare skin. "Tell you what.." Tony speaks into Steve's skin, nose bumping into his ear as he moves trailing soft kisses upwards. "If you wake up right now I'll make it worth your efforts."
The lingo was an hour long conversation on it's own, as they scrolled through the comments, Steve's blush only deepening the more he understood what people were saying about him. What people were saying to him.
"I think it's disgusting." The woman said into the microphone. "My daughter follows that account, or followed, I don't want her to be seeing that kind of stuff. He's supposed to be Captain America-"
"I'm sure last night was great." Tony spoke quickly, trying to act natural and airy "It's just the parts I don't remember that worry me. Who knows what kind of things I could have done, or.." He took a sip from his bottle, still unable to put together the whole night, but the parts he had were bad enough.
"Jarvis!" Steve called instead, when he knew that Tony could not hear him. The music cut out almost instantly, and it forced Tony to shoot straight, glancing at the door, and Steve standing in front of it.
The recorded voice is there again, asking if he'd like to save or delete the message, but Natasha just ends the call, before offering him back his phone. "Did I tell you that Bucky lost the ring today?"
There was a soft knock at the door and only then did Natasha shoot up, shoving the dresser away from the doorway. Tony followed brushing himself off, he was after all wearing a very expensive suit, so it was a good thing that Natasha managed to move the barricade on her own.
"That was bad." Tony chuckles, but it doesn't stop him from hooking his now free finger into Steve's collar and pulling him in for a kiss.
"Too much." Tony fully admitted, letting his head press back into the head rest and roll to the side so he could look at Steve. "All there was to do was drink- Drink." the word felt funny in Tony's mouth. "I didn't have a very fun time."
"I am going to need more coffee if you want to make a sex tape Steve." Tony teases, turning his head towards the phone. It's not until he finishes talking, and notices Steve's face color bright red, right before quickly covering his face with a hand that Tony realizes what's actually going on. "This is live, isn't it?"
"Jesus." Steve scrubs a hand over his face, leaning back into the leather chair he's stuck in. "Okay, so say I actually do this, get a Insta-Book, thing, what was the other?"
Tony though, he seems to catch on immediately, and is reaching for Steve's phone off the floor where it had ended up. "Coming for me huh?"
And then they're standing there, a foot apart from one another, wiping their hand on the poor janitors cloths before tucking themselves back in. Tony wants to ask Steve to do dinner with him, to go for a walk, to literally do anything but go back to how it was, he wants to ask Steve to be his boyfriend and hold his hand and knows he can't ask any of that. So instead he smiles, his lopsided grin and Steve reciprocates.
' in the background. "Uh yeah, Cap, I'm pretty sure that's going to make a statement - hey look, Pepper is about to meltdown so I gotta go."
Tony straightened himself up, lifting his chin "Well Barton some of us are welcome into public establishments still and-"
"Ok if this is going to end up like last time I'm not playing anymore." Bruce sighed leaning back in his chair, last time Natasha and Clint spent the whole night basically playing chicken with their money - and belongings, just for the night to end with no one knowing what cards either of them had, and an argument that lasted a week until Tony made them have a truce.
"Listen Capsicle." Tony grabbed a cloth and managed to wipe his hands clean before slapping one on Steve's back. "I for one am grateful that you were defrosted and get to face a hoard of teenagers with me for it." he peered up at the screen that was causing all these issues, wondering when exactly he became the best person to inform Captain America about the political climate of the world. "Besides, if it's not done by people like us, then who is going to make sure the next generation doesn't fuck it up even worse?"
"Because you are." Natasha replied, standing up and tucking away her laptop. "I've been told that's part of my job, where you go I go, what you do I do. I get to be you, but just look better doing it."
"When we have enough height you need to swing a right and fly me right over that thing-" Steve's voice was a little distorted with the wind as they continued going higher.
Tony wrapped his hand around the door and flung it open, about two seconds from screaming at whoever was behind the door.  "The hotel better be on fire." He found himself glaring into the faces of Clint and Sharon.
"Admitting I was jealous of Clint would be far more painful." Steve admits, bowing his head in defeat, but Tony just laughs, and lets his head rest on Steve's shoulders as they continue to move with the steady beat.
blue eyes. Tony knew he was blushing now, he had really fucked up and there was no saving himself from it.
"I am not." Sam pushed himself out of his seat, going to the bar and grabbing himself another beer. "I just know when it's not worth my time or my money to keep going."
"He did." Tony confirmed, and forced himself to look at his friend. "But I haven't checked the message."
Tony didn't want to wait for anything more to be said, so as Steve turned his attention to his phone, Tony started his way back up to the farm house. The walk through the property was a lot quicker than it had been going down, it might have had something to do with the fact that Tony was now on a mission.  To get back to his hotel room and process this new information.
Steve tilted his head, he knew Tony better than this, he knew something was bothering him. He knew that communication wasn't always Tony's strong suit, and he knew that something hadn't been right for most of the morning. "That wasn't a no." He stated simply.
Natasha nudged Clint and nodded her head towards Steve, who was turned watching Tony disappear into the kitchen. She raised one of her perfectly shaped eyebrows and after Clint had taken a look he raised both of his at her. Bruce squinted,  watching them, trying to decode the silent messages they were sending. Natasha raised one shoulder in a shrug and Barton shook his head.
"Come 'er." Steve breathes out, Tony obliges, crawling back into Steve's lap, trailing his fingers over his chest, finger tips brushing over his pecks before around his neck, cupping the back of his head.
Taking the towel and drying his hands, Tony couldn't help but shrug, because truly he struggled to believe that. Not only from Steve, but from anyone. He had spent his entire life growing up expected to become his father, but better. Everyone held such high expectations for him, so at any sign of something different he was labeled as a failure. His father had tried everything to shape Tony Stark into his clone, everything except love and support.
profession, Steven." he grunted as he tightened something, Steve was sure he'd find out later, and then popped back up, tossing the wrench back into his box and giving his hands one more go over with the rag. "Besides, I'm already done, so Brooklyn can bite me."
Steve sighs as he pushes open the workshop door and steps inside. Tony, of course, does not immediately greet him, or for all Steve knows, even register that he's there. It wouldn't be the first time he got too wrapped up in his work to pay attention to his surroundings.
And that, was why he had called Pepper. He twisted the lid of the tiny vodka bottle off with his teeth, spitting it out on to the top of the dresser, "I wish, that would have been a far better evening." He commented, before dropping himself down on top of the hotel bed. "No, unfortunately, like a real man I ran away with my tail between my legs."
"I posted that photo and every comment was about us, dating, or being together or how hot we were together." Steve pulled the plate out of the microwave, and placed it down on the counter before moving towards the drawer with the cutlery in it.
Neither Steve nor Tony know how long they're distracted for when Natasha slides into the shop. In fact, they don't even know how long she's been there, leaning up against the door frame.  They don't even know she's there until she speaks.
"She has not." Sam laughed and then stopped. "Wait she has?" Frantically he looked to Steve. "Has she?"
This time, Tony's legs obeyed, and carried him away, tucking his hands into his pockets he put his head down and pushed on even after one last attempt from Steve to call his name.
"I think you should come visit me in New York sometime." Is the first thing he can say, he  catches Steve in his peripheral looking at him, so he continues. "And maybe I can fly out here on the weekends to see you or something."
"Did Natasha know?" Tony found himself asking, not really sure if he wanted to know the answer to the question. "Did they all know?"
"I don't know what's going on but somebody better start explaining like now." Natasha blurted out next, only shooting a slight glare to the guy next to her. Tony felt it safe to assume that it was James. He never got a chance to meet Steve's best friend, just more proof that they were doomed to fail from the beginning. "What the hell is happening?"
"No sir" JARVIS replied before Natasha could, not that she would indulge in this little game of his. "The temperature remains cool."
"On a scale of one to a lot? Probably a lot."Tony grinned into the phone, leaning his back against the cool wall. There was an audible sigh on the other end of the phone, which prompted Tony to continue talking, though it absolutely comes out more as a plea for help and less like a question "Can you come get me? Please?"
"Mom says she can't go out." Tony announced as he stepped off the elevator onto the floor of his office, and Natasha at her desk in front of it. "I begged, I pleaded, she said no way, now how could she possibly be seen having fun."
Tony took the order, making sure to add a little pizzazz to his direction change, causing Steve to grip onto the suit a bit tighter, he could feel the panels pressing together just that much more when he did, and he would be lying if he said he didn't enjoy feeling it, even though J.A.R.V.I.S. would send an alarm notice of possible crushing every time Steve did it.  "We're getting close to drop zone." Iron Man said. "Ready?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "Just assume anything that frustrates you is female." He found himself leaning back into the couch cushions and let a yawn fall from his lips, hours in the shop finally catching up to him. "Also anything that brings you joy, or goes fast."
When the elevator stopped at the floor once more, Tony could barely contain his excitement. The grin splitting his face as the doors opened revealing both Steve and Bucky, mid conversation about something, that quickly ended when Steve's eyes fell onto Tony.
"Probably not." She replied plainly still, eyes squinting briefly at her screen before she hit the enter button with a little bit more force than was probably necessary. Satisfied with whatever she had just sent, she set her green eyes on to Tony. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Might be." Steve shrugs, focusing back down at the book in his lap the pencil moving carefully over the page.
Tony's stomach twisted and his blood immediately drained downward, and the feeling of Steve's lips on his own was exactly how he remembered. The familiarity sent shock waves through his body, and sent his heart beating out of his chest. As Steve's tongue begged Tony's lips to part, to which he happily obliged, he found himself taking steps backwards, All the while dragging Steve along with him.  He wasn't sure where he was going until the back of his thighs pressed into Steve's desk.
"Sometimes, the people we love are idiots." She says plainly, before stretching back out over the bed, this time tucking the pillow behind her head. "Have you ever ordered anything from one of these?"
"Does he make you laugh?" Tony asked, cutting her off. "Does he make you feel safer when he's around, or do things make more sense when he's beside you?" he turned his attention to the ceiling as well. "Can you be yourself around him, wear stupid clothes and stay stupid things? Do the annoying things he does seem tolerable, even though you still hate them?"
Steve shrugged, leaning into the door frame, as Tony carried on into his own room.  He figured he'd watch, just to make sure Tony was okay. "You'd honestly know more about that than I would." Steve crossed his arms against his chest and held back a laugh as Tony came to a stop, as if finally realizing Steve wasn't beside him anymore.
If Steve could stay like this forever he would. If Tony asked him to stay he would - but Tony doesn't, and Steve doesn't suggest and so they do what they do best, and when they're done, they clean up between kisses and continue with their lives.
"Technically S.H.I.E.L.D" Clint spoke with heavy breath, climbing up a fire escape to perch on the roof of a building. "But apparently bad guys think it's a good idea too." He pulled back his arrow, piercing a drone right through the middle.
The seat beside him, always saved for Tony. Tony who really only started showing up to these things to sit beside Steve, Tony who only ever made popcorn for a chance to share it with Steve - it was so pathetic - but entirely worth it.
"I know." Tony replied, a sad smile playing on his lips. "I don't want to spend this weekend arguing with you though. Natasha doesn't deserve that. So I think it's best if we just admit we're better off apart."
"Whatever you're calling to tell me." Rhodey said humor lacing his voice. "I don't need to know what trouble Tony Stark got into last night."
"I always have time for you." Steve smirked, pushing himself away from the kitchen island. "I also want to ask you a favor."
"I know how." Tony offered, taking a small step forward as he did. "Not to brag or anything but I've been tying my own since I was five."
"Shut up." Tony rolled his eyes, trying to ignoring the laughter from his friend. "I was trying to give you the whole picture."
"We spent a magical night together." Tony said with a shrug of one shoulder. "She's exhausted I had her up until the small hours, opening her up to new experiences-" With every word Sharon seemed to get more and more scandalized. "- Though she may have trouble walking down the aisle today."
The fifth time Steve said it, he wished for the first time, that Tony knew how much he actually meant it.
"I have to, if it took us ten years just to speak to each other it has to be true. " Tony confessed. He really was too tired for this, too emotionally wasted to have any more of this day. "Is there anything else, or can I go back to drinking this day away now?"
"What did she ever do to you?" Tony asked, trying for amused since he was usually on the receiving end of those eye daggers, and it was nice not to be. His words, not so obviously, startled Steve, but the only way to tell being the blondes shoulders tense up at being caught. Something Tony had picked up on working along side him after so many months. He had not been staring longingly at Steve when no one would notice, nope, pinky swear it.
But that was a complaint for his next therapist, Steve already knew full well what the wrath of Howard Stark looked like, Steve had been on the receiving end for years. He didn't need a reminder. So a shrug was the best reply he could give, before handing back the hand towel. "I feel like you always knew I could do something better."
"-But you're going to be late for your pity party?" Clint finished for him, lifting his hand for a high five from Steve, that he certainly was not going to get.
Steve managed to click on something that brought him back to the photo of his own face. Under the caption were the comments. So many comments. "What have I done?" Steve is mostly asking himself, but it comes out to the entire room.
"I wanted to see what they would do if I posted one with a guy." Steve says handing the fork he pulled from the drawer to Tony, urging him to eat what he just warmed. "I wanted to insinuate that some thing else was going on, I was just standing next to Nat in the first photo, so I decided to take it up a notch with Clint."
Tony, to be fair, used to be quite the drinker. In fact, he and Steve used to get absolutely destroyed together. It only got worse after Steve, but something had changed the closer he got to thirty, or maybe it was Pepper. Either way, he drank less now, and as a result, could handle less. Once the Vodka had been opened, he knew he was in for it.
"I haven't ever been in your room before" Natasha says, fingers dragging over the spine of books lining a book shelf against the back wall, before stopping on a particularly old looking book. "How could I have not been in here before?"
“What’s going on?” he asks as Clint hits the open ramp button. “Hey? Guys? What’s she doing? Does she have a death wish—“
“Anybody remember when I carried a nuke through a wormhole?” Tony asks, moving to stand in the center of the room as he points up.
“Isn’t that a bit too British for the symbol of American freedom?” I rasp, pressing my forehead to the cool metal of the vents, eyes clenched shut.
But the thing is, once my worries about Nat have been soothed, there’s something else to replace it. Namely, Stark. It doesn’t get any better by the time the jet’s programing sets us down on the landing pad of Avengers Tower.
"What's the story upstairs?" Steve asks, advancing. I hiss, craning my neck as I jab a cut that's slowly oozing blood. I'm going to have to cover that up before it gets infected.
“Somebody work some magic, please!” I yell, swinging into a superstrength-powered roundhouse. Ultron blocks with his arm, but my foot is in his face, so he doesn’t see Steve’s fist flying towards him until it connects, sending him back into a nearby concrete pillar before he stabilises himself.
“Hi,” Clint says sheepishly, releasing Nat so that she can rest against the arm of the couch. “Company,” the archer explains, walking forward to hug the other. “Sorry I didn’t call ahead.”
Eventually, the redhead pulls away, holding me at arms length and inspecting me with a critical eye. Idly, I wonder if I should’ve worn something snazzier than skinnies and a hoodie, but dismiss the thought just as quickly when Nat smiles.
"It's happening again," I mumble, hands coming up to my head. I press my palms to my temples, rubbing in little circles.
It's a flurry of movement from then on. Most of them had put on the gear, but hadn't loaded up on weapons, so I have to skirt around a few guns and various other deadly weapons in order to get to the parachutes, where Clint, Nat and Steve are.
"Cam, stop," Natasha orders, gripping my wrists and pulling my hands away. My eyes dart around wildly before finally settling on my partner's green ones. "Whatever this is doing to you, it's not good," the redhead says firmly. "Stop trying and let me explain." My breaths are coming out in harsh huffs, and there's someone rubbing soothing circles onto my back. My breath evens out now that I'm not under pressure to tell anyone anything, and Natasha lets go of my wrists, turning to Steve.
My eyes meet Nat’s, and her green ones are the closest thing to scared I have ever seen. I hold up my arm, letting her see the bare wrist. She nods, retreating further into a small cluster of stopped cars that had been stopped by an overturned bus in the middle of the road.
When I finally wake up for good, Clint is passed out in a chair and Natasha is perched on the edge of my bed.
"Tell me about the shooter," she commands. All previous nervous thoughts or strangeness about the memories are swept aside, and my stance gets a little more rigid. Professional.
Ultron stumbles back, both hands going up to cradle the small bullet hole in his otherwise unmarried veneer in an oddly human gesture.
The assassin whirls, palming a knife and jabbing at the blonde with it as I quickly dial in the code to access the targeting blades. Something slams into the catwalk a few feet away, and I have to duck to avoid a metal fist to the face. Steve is there soon after, yanking the Soldier away and herding him backwards. The targeting blades slide out, and I quickly grab one, throwing it to one side and reaching for the replacement, nestled in the inside pocket of my suit.
The next twenty-four hours are a blur. White medical rooms, people prodding me, people bustling around. Everything kinda smudges together. My torso is wrapped. My face is bandaged, so I look like I'm halfway to becoming a mummy. I get a brace for my wrist, and I'm not sure how I didn't notice that before, but it hurts like a bitch. I'm not sure what's a bruise and what's dirt, but my body is aching all over.
I’m not naïve enough to think that they can help me get rid of it, but I know that they’ll be enough—more than enough, even—to deal with the mental weight that’s latched onto me.
"Tasha," I hear him murmur. There's a slight shift, and then all of a sudden Natasha hurries out of the room.
"Your going to go around the corner to your right. There's a gray car two spaces down. You and I are going to take a ride."
James Buchanan Barnes’ (but not quite, because this man is no longer James Buchanan Barnes) metal hand glints in the sun as he raises a gun to shoot, but then Sam is swooping out of nowhere in his flying suit, knocking him to the ground. He stumbles to a landing beside me as the Soldier rolls to his feet.
"Secure the engine room, then find me a date," Steve commands. There's no true annoyance in his tone, though.
"Just my friends," Nick says as I wring out the flannel. Steve snorts as I come back out into the living room. Nick has propped himself up into a slumped siting position.
I breathe out slowly as Steve’s footsteps retreat back into the living room that’s connected to a small kitchen. My breathing is evening out, the familiar rhythm of ribbing Steve settling my racing heart. My head is aching, like my brain had been pried out of my head and clumsily replaced in its efforts to unearth whatever mind fuckery Hydra had left me with.
Without his ceaseless chatter filling up the room, it’s easy to forget that he’s there because that’s all you’re used to hearing.
“What about Ultron himself?” Steve inquires. I’d bet anything that if I turned around his eyebrows would be furrowed in his signature Grumpy Patriot style.
“Hear me out, Hinojosa,” Fury says. “We just need your help on this op and then you can go back to whatever you’re doing now.”
"It was like being pulled out of my body and being stuffed into another one," I recall out loud. "It felt real, like I was there, but I wasn't in control of my body."
"First correction: I am Swiss," Zola says. My grip on Steve's bicep is white-knuckled, but the supersoldier doesn't complain. "Second, look around you. I have never been more alive." A pause. "In 1972, I received a terminal diagnosis. Science could not save my body. My mind, however, was worth saving on 200,000 feet of databanks. You are standing in my brain." Clint returns to the front of the platform where the computer is mounted, face grim.
“Sorry for barging in on you,” Steve says. I look up, smirking when I see the look of carefully-hidden bemusement on the supersoldier’s face.
"Alright, so, basically Nick is an asshole and dragged me out of college so that I can help get the Tesseract back from Loki," I explain flippantly.
“Phil!” I exclaim, lunging at the man and attaching myself to him like a koala. My old mentor stands stock-still, supporting my weight with seemingly no effort and an amused smile.
Tony brings one hand out from its place behind his back to give a small wave, and Laura smiles nervously. “I… know all your names.”
I wince at the sudden shrill noises, and the Soldier’s head snaps around. Then he’s sprinting away, disappearing into the maze of cars. I swear, rubbing my temples.
I don’t hear Thor’s reply, because I’m too busy listening to the sound of Doombots crumpling under my feet. Two down, five to go.
Tony sets the jet down on solid ground a quarter mile or so off from the salvage yard before assembling his Iron Man armor, meeting the rest of us outside the jet. Bidding farewell to Bruce, I kick off from the ground. An arrow arcs up not soon after, and I snatch it out of the air, yanking Clint along behind it. Tony lags behind with Steve, while Thor flies even with me, Natasha hanging onto his back.
Tucking in my arms tightly, I quickly pass Steve (physics. Small build vs. larger, broader build. No contest), and I can see the Lemurian Star up ahead. At the point where I can see the little moving dots that are the mercs on deck, I slam on the brakes, slowing myself down but not too much that I'm not drifting. A quiet
“No, it… it’s alright,” Banner replies, bending over the scepter. “I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn’t handle pointy things.”
“You’re not going to help me make dinner if you get your germs all over it,” Laura says firmly, pushing me gently into the living room. “Go take a shower. You stink. De-stress. I’ll send Lila up with a change of clothes, and when you get out I want you to sit down and
I flex my hands nervously, because androids run on energy, right? Even if they’re powered by something like the Mind Stone.
“Loki’s gonna drag this out,” the supersoldier says, going into full Captain America mode as he turns to Thor. “So, Thor, what’s his play?” The god turns so that his back is to us.
There’s a weak whirr, and then the speeder stutters, purple lights on the side flickering out. The alien onboard lets out a panicked grunt, and I yank my blade free of the cycle, gripping the end of the vehicle tightly as I swing myself up, one foot coming up to kick the alien in the face. I don’t stick around to watch it topple overboard, just drop off of the motorcycle, falling for a few seconds before readjusting myself.
"How long?" Tony replies. I put on a burst of speed and catch one of the speeders with my reapers. Yanking one out, I pull myself in as I swivel my body in midair, kicking the shooter off of the back. My feet land on the speeder, and I yank my reaper out of the speeder only to impale it in the driver.
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve heard since the time my roommate recommended a therapist for my paranoia!” I grunt, arms shaking from the stress of holding up th helicarrier. “You’re going to be Iron Man confetti, suit or not.”
"Unless Selvig has figured out how to stabilize the quantum tunneling effect," Stark says, on the move again.
“Steve,” Banner says softly. “Tell me none of this smells a little funky to you?” The blonde’s expression tightens, and he turns on heel, exiting the lab.
“I know,” he says, whispering. I want to laugh. It’s one in the morning, and the only person in the Tower who might be awake at this point is Tony, and he’s on the lab five floors below. I may share my floor with Clint and Nat at times, but Nat is away on a not-SHIELD-sanctioned mission (code for: SHIELD may have fallen, but Nick is still calling the shots from time to time) and Clint is in Bed-Stuy for one reason or another. Probably to watch for the any Tracksuit Mafia members who may have taken his week-long absence as incentive to attack the apartment.
"I don't see how that's party," Nat remarks. The whale-centipede-turtle-fish thing is low to the ground now, crashing into trees and lampposts. None of them deter the beast in its goal. It just keeps on going. Banner moves forward, and so does Steve.
“Incoming,” Clint says, grinning as Lucky barks, tail wagging at top speed, and two kids round the corner to barrel into the blonde’s legs.
“And you,” Tony says, pointing at a pacing Loki and picking up where I left off, “big fella—you’ve managed to piss off every single one of us.” He pauses. “Her too,” he adds, jabbing a thumb at me. I stick my tongue out at him.
"I'm almost entirely sure that what you just said was Biblically inaccurate," I quip, covering up my surprise. Clint opens his mouth, but Natasha cuts in before he can really say anything.
Beside me, Steve shifts, drawing attention from both Natasha and Clint. I track his gaze, following it to a grey stone building a little ways off. Pobably used to store munitions back when this base was active.
"Nazi Germany," the supersoldier replies, straight-faced. I'm not even sure why I expected him to crack up, he probably did learn how to hotwire cars in Nazi Germany. "And we're borrowing," Steve adds. "Take your feet off the dash."
find out about the rest of my past. Five people that I trust is fine, but four virtual strangers is way past the point where I put my foot down. And that’s assuming Clint hasn’t told Loki about me yet.
The soft clicking of a gun being reloaded makes me tense up, hand going to where my second gun is concealed at the small of my back.
The supersoldier is pulled down along with, me, his momentum and weight slowing mine down so that we slow to a stop without much help from my flight.
