“We also examined the sigil found on Eden’s northern access pathway.” He stated evenly, his voice rough but carefully devoid of the emotion Dean had heard earlier, “It turned out to be the source of the corrupted energy signature. The sigil itself was written in liquified angelic grace.”
“Cas--?” He asked cautiously.
“Let go!” He yelled in the angel’s face, “You’re hurting me!”
Dean plunked a beer down for Sam and then slumped into the only other seat at the table, directly across from his brother. His thoughts shifted to the kid and, subsequently, to his keeper. They had both remained at the bunker to ‘catch up’ as Cas had explained it. The hunter knew that in reality the angel simply didn’t want to take his eyes off his adopted son, and who could blame him after what he’d been through. Since the kid had been back, Cas had been sticking around with such frequency that it was almost as though he was finally starting to consider the bunker his home. Not that Dean was complaining, far from it. Hell, he was thankful. After returning with him from Purgatory with the blossom, after his...prayer…they were on the mend, but they were still dancing around things left unsaid.
Dean latched onto the mention of something familiar. “You found this gem at Bobby’s? Must be a dimensional anomaly. I never found anything like this there.”
He thought of the corroded stone and rotting flowers in Eden.
“Nothing.”
Gretchen followed after them, and though she didn't say anything, Sam felt her presence almost like a cold spot. When he'd first arrived, he was blind sided by Evan's obvious distaste for her, but now after experiencing her first hand, even briefly, the hunter understood.
It was Hannah’s office all over again
He felt light headed again.
Despite their weighty discussion, Dean instantly regretted not grabbing the angel blade as the other man drew in near, but before he could think about maneuvering to defend himself, the angel was kneeling in front of him, patting down the rapidly cooling coffee pooling around his feet, before running it up his shins and over his thighs to catch what still ran off his skin in warm rivulets.
“It looks worse than it feels,” He assured her when he saw her pinched expression.
It was the wrong thing to say.
. You know, nothing out of the ordinary here."
Dean’s breath caught before stuttering back just a bit quicker, but he played it off as though the heat was beginning to get to him despite the warmth on his skin having nothing to do with the temperature. He shifted in his seat uncomfortably, eyes flickering over to his brother, ensuring he was still fast asleep before exhaling one long sigh through his nose and sinking once again against the seat.
“Dean, please.” The angel coaxed the way Cas would when the hunter was being unnecessarily difficult. “You’re reacting emotionally because you’re depleted. If you just--”
Cas gave his shoulder a comforting squeeze, “We’ll find him.”
“ ‘Course not.” Dean scoffed, pointedly looking away.
, you’d be freaking out too. Whatever this thing is, it’s taking out angels and it’s doing it fast enough and clean enough that no one knows how or why. Anyone of them could be next. Hell, even Cas...”
“Son of a bitch!” He hissed between his teeth as he teetered back but didn’t fall. Stooping down, he retrieved the photo from the ruined frame, carefully avoiding the now bloody shards of glass.
The hunter’s breath caught in his throat as he took in the sight. The angel was absent the black button up he’d been wearing earlier, a tight black undershirt in its place.
Then, quite unexpectedly, the fluorescent light at the end of the hall flickered once. It was only for the briefest moment, but Dean could have sworn that the momentary shadow had been a solid mass.
was missing.
“Uh, Cas?” Dean called from a bit further up the path. He had gone to examine the flowers which had been doused with the yellow crap and discovered with some disgusted shock that whatever plants had been touched now appeared shriveled and burned up. Even the stone on the path seemed corroded. The smell was awful. Cas came up beside him, his brow furrowing as he took in the sight.
“See, this is what I’m talking about.” The hunter said earnestly, finally breaking the rule about minding his own business. He took a breath to calm his nerves before he stated with absolute certainty, “He loves you too, man. He thought he was being sneaky trying to plan this big grand gesture and speech for you when we got back but I found his...drafts.”
Light sockets showering him with sparks.
When Sam and Cas finally exited the office, Dean had calmed himself down to the point where he like a right and proper dick, but he bit back the apology he’d worked himself up to making when Cas breezed past him without a backward glance. Okay, he was pissed. Sam, though clearly also no more happy to see him, paused a moment to give his brother a pissy once over before nodding meaningfully in Cas’s direction, and the pair followed after him.
He knew more than what the angel had told him now, and while he’d said out right that there was nothing Dean could do to make him angry, the literal list of deceased Dean Winchester’s proved that there was in fact a line he could not cross. That wasn’t even taking into account his personal experience thus far with memory tampering.
“I’m fine.” He answered in a rush without looking at the angel. “What about you Samantha, how are you doing?”
A little less than an hour later, just as the sun had begun to dip in the sky, Dean pulled the Impala into a secluded spot just outside the park where the Heaven's gate sigil was hidden a sandbox. As the three men exited the car, Dean took note of the two children still ambling about on the brightly colored play structures. With dusk fast approaching, he could only assume that the unattended kids were in fact angels guarding the gate. When the brothers and Cas got near enough, the kid’s game of chase came to an abrupt halt and the pair, one dark-skinned boy of about fifteen and one knobby-kneed girl near twelve, turned in eerily perfect synchronicity to observe their approach.
"Hold on," Sam spoke up, using the mouse to rewind the footage a few seconds before tapping a key to pause it just before it cut to black. "Look at that!"
“Uh, yeah. Sorry, Jody.” Sam replied haltingly. “This is going to sound nuts, but I think what we were working on might be linked.”
Then quite suddenly, Dean turned his head at the last moment and instead of a kiss, he pulled the angel into a one-armed embrace. Cas sat frozen, his eyes wide and unblinking with his forehead pressed into Dean’s shoulder, the hunter’s hand still gripping the back of his neck.
Still no answer.
Cas stated sincerely.
“Yeah.” Dean replied, casting his gaze around for anything that could be used as a potential weapon.
The words were full of the usual bravado, and Sam knew it instantly as a plea for an out from this conversation through humor, and though he was just as uncomfortable right along with his big brother, he resisted the urge to give it to him. Instead, he leveled a patient but serious expression at him.
Sam scrubbed his hair away from his face to better see, only for his eyes to fall on his brother’s empty bed. He jolted upright at the sight of the blanket tossed back and the sheets rumpled, but his brother nowhere to be seen
There was a pause from the other end of the line before he heard what sounded like muffled footsteps and the click of a door shutting.
Putting two and two together, Dean made his way over to the work bench as well, maintaining enough distance to defend himself should the need arise.
Sonia gave a curt nod before settling back on her heel and folding her arms expectantly.
!!!!!!ATTENTION!!!!!!
“How will praying to you help then?”
Huge thank you to
“You have a phone!" Dean snapped, throwing his hands up and hissed something that sounded like ‘freaking angels’ under his breath. The shift from blissfully relaxed to the sudden overload of adrenaline was bad enough, but the thoughts he’d been jolted from were what made him refuse to look at said angel while he attempted to bring his hammering heartbeat back down to a normal pace. Those ocean eyes in the rearview mirror had jump-started more than just his heart, and he dropped the hand that had still been clinging to the steering wheel down to adjust his jeans, thankful that his brother was distracted enough speaking to the angel to notice.
It was subtle but it was so...intimate.
Sometime afterward, he wasn’t sure exactly when it started, it turned out that Cas didn’t even have to be there for Dean to think such things about him. In fact, it became a daily occurrence that the angel would pop into his mind with words like those swirling around him but Dean ignored it, for the most part, pretending it was normal for a guy to casually think his best friend was attractive, charming or...tempting...and stowed away any form of objection to the contrary.
“What have you got there?” He asked, sounding genuinely surprised.
Then there were times like now when he imagined Cas innocently disheveled and unaware with soft features and softer lips parted and waiting...and begging...
Due to the timeless, un-altering heaven-scape, the scene, along with all of its evidence, remained unchanged from the moment it had been created. As they approached, the most obvious oddity could be seen at a distance. It was a large sigil of the same size and shape as a devil’s trap splashed across the white stone, but the escort stopped them short to point out some sort of sickly yellow substance which was splattered out from a point nearest to them in a vee which stretched about six feet down the path, and along the flowers on either side. Inside the vee was an oblong shape of clean pathway that Dean could only assume meant some poor bastard had taken a direct hit of whatever the hell the stuff was. When Castiel knelt to examine it closer, Harut caught his shoulder to keep him from touching it.
“Get the FUCK out of my head.” Dean spat furiously, puffing up and managing to look somewhat threatening despite still only being half dressed. The presence in his mind instantly backed off.
Shit. He hadn't meant that to sound so harsh but the weird intimacy of the whole encounter was beginning to take a toll on him and he needed the guy gone to deflate.
“You should plan for that altercation.” Sonia spoke up firmly, “If he is you, then surely these scenarios have already played through his head. What would you need to defeat him?”
At Sonia's suggestion, Evan invited everyone back to his apartment for lunch and to alleviate Mrs. Ivanovna of the stress having them all there induced. After checking up on her mother one last time Sonia came back out with a small nap sack and new appearance having changed out of the simple cotton dress she'd been sporting to a more sturdy pair of jeans and a sweater.
“What else then?”
With a sigh and roll of his shoulders, the hunter stood, depositing the note on the nightstand and made his way around the bed toward the exit. Despite how out of it he felt, he still proceeded down the dark hallway with caution, sparing a glance over the balcony into the sitting area and out the front windows just to be sure he was in fact alone, before continuing on to the other half of the upper level he hadn’t inspected yesterday.
. Investigators think it was caused by a lightning strike."
“Like a symphony?” Sam probed.
Dean faltered, his intent with the blade slipping as the bizarre statement caught him off guard.
Dean thought about every instance he had assessed Cas at a glance, known what he needed or what he’d done, and vice versa. Then, simultaneously, he felt a wave of deep seething anger. It spawned from the same spot as the arousal had earlier; both instances then and now being somehow part of him, and also completely foreign.
As Evan rounded the nose of the squad car, he and Jack both seemed to notice one another at the same time and in perfect unison chirped a friendly, "Hello there!". While Jack lifted his hand in a wave, Evan extended his to a shake, and for a second both froze, then quickly switched, before the entire interaction devolved into laughter.
Cas thought back to their conversation, replaying it over in his mind, searching for any indication that Dean had been manipulated or under duress of any sort. In the end, it was the personal nature of their dialogue that convinced him.
Finally, on the last shelf, near a proverbial pharmacy’s worth of medication and ointment for any possible ailment, he found a healthily stocked medical kit which he promptly snatched off the shelf and set on the floor next to the toilet. He then sat on the toilet seat and hiked his injured foot over one knee to examine the extent of the damage.
While Abbott and Costello marched them back to find Hannah and Sam, Dean caught Cas’s sleeve to slow the angel down so they could both fall into step several paces behind the others.
Swallowing around a lump in his throat, Dean opened his mouth to make his presence known, Castiel spoke.
Sam was still snoring noisily and drooling into his pillow when Dean returned. The older hunter shook his head fondly at the sight, tossing his phone onto his duffle bag as he passed it. Peeling the thin sheet and blanket back, Dean curled back into his own bed, squirming around until he finally settled on his back. He sighed at length to relax and sank into the mattress.
After a brief discussion about their mutual connection to the Men of Letters and a promise to explore it more in depth, the conversation turned to potential plans of action. While Jack hadn't been able to sense any angelic energy signatures in the area that Dean's prayer had originated, it was still their best starting point.
a dark voice slithered into his thoughts.
Heat pooled in his groin, his fingers setting his nerves ablaze as they moved lower.
“No way.” Sam said at once, closing his laptop with a firm click. “Look, we appreciate all your help so far, but there is no way we are bringing civilians into a fight with a hyper powerful angel. He’s already proven he can kill without discretion. It’s too dangerous.”
There was just nowhere to run anymore, no walls he could erect, no defense he could mount.
He couldn't finish, he couldn't even think about it. If Dean were hurt or killed while he fumbled in the dark trying to find him, it would destroy him. Despite his agitation, Sam seemed to understand, his entire demeanor shifting as he placed a hand on the angel's shoulder.
“Well, when it turns out a stone cold murder in your quiet little town isn’t the first of it’s kind, yeah. Didn’t you get a brief?”
The mark buzzed and itched under Dean’s skin like an angry hornet, suffusing every moment he remained idle with furious impatience. To counter this he hunkered down in the kitchen to clean, grease, and load every weapon in his pack and Sam's. The routine, so ingrained by this point it had become reflexive, was usually cathartic but right now it barely scratched the surface.
“Why the hell would we help her?” Dean spat back harsher than was really necessary, but the Mark had ignited when he’d chosen to roll with the anger thing, so he couldn’t have backed down even if he’d wanted. “I thought she hated our guts for, what was it she said--? Oh yeah, ‘ruining your judgment’.”
“What if he doesn’t fall for it?” Jack asked, “Will he be fooled by a false prayer?”
A pause and then,
“Hello Sam,” Jack greeted him, his typically bright expression drawn in concern. “We came to help you look for Dean.
Another owlish blink from the angel had Sam hopping up from his seat and fishing around the inner pockets of his jacket which hung on a hook near the front door. After some shuffling around he returned, handing off what appeared to be a few fast food napkins covered in the familiar slanted scrawlings of Dean’s handwriting.
He’d barely packed that disturbing thought away before he was struck by another, equally as significant and stressful as the first; If he
Okay, so slight detour. This chapter was supposed to explain what the antagonist was and some of its background but the natural flow didn't allow for that, so stay tuned for that. For now, have some emotional Dean and a surprise guest character!
Dean shoved his hands into his pockets and turned his eyes back to Cas, unsure of how to continue with the other bit of information that Cas had made him privy to, still having not completely wrapped his head around it himself. His expression must have been enough of a tell because Castiel stepped forward to address the room without preamble.
“That’s not what I--”
“Both…?” Cas asked haltingly.
. He had badass--not sexy-- angel powers and, okay, maybe he was kinda good-looking but he was not
Sam couldn't help the curl at the corner of his mouth: the kid spoke with a certainty that insinuated that he had experience dealing with the aftermath of doing just that.
“Micah,” Cas replied in kind, “Hannah has--”
When Sonia turned those cutting eyes on Evan, the young man melted before her, casting Sam a pleading expression.
“I remember.” Cas’s eyes dropped away from Dean’s, the words uttered in a tone so devastatingly low and rough it was little more than a growl. “I am sorry.”
It was well into the early morning by the time the impala rolled into the bunker’s parking garage. Before the car had even made a complete stop, Cas had flung the rear driver's side door open and scrambled out of the back seat. Without a backward glance, he stalked away as Dean killed the engine, ignoring the older hunter when he called after him, disappearing inside the bunker. The brothers dragged themselves to their feet shortly after, both physically exhausted after the long haul drive and the back to back investigations.
Castiel was a moment from pulling away when the unthinkable happened…
Right now he needed to focus on getting out.
Dean straightened his spine and took over at that point, glancing around the room as he spoke. “Me and Cas took at a look at the first crime scene in the garden and found some weird shit. For starters; melted angel blades--I’m talking completely liquefied into puddles here--flowers turned to rotten ash and stone corroded like someone dumped acid all over it. We think it was all caused by some gross yellow goo that smelled like ass. Laverne and Shirly over here--” He indicated the angelic brothers with a crude jerk of his thumb, “--told us about the creepy bio experiments going on in angel jail. Real classy touch by the way Hannah.”
, we are gonna find them.”
No. It was safe here. Dean had to believe Cas was safe here or he’d lose it. They had always been safe here. The bunker was warded against every supernatural creature in existence; angels, demons it didn’t matter.
“Right, well…” Dean floundered for a moment, gesturing vaguely toward the plate. “Dig in then."
Now on full alert, the manager froze, stricken by the absolutely lethal promise in his tone.
"Don't forget to stop and check in on poor little
The hunter bolted upright, nearly knocking heads with the stranger, throwing the unfamiliar hand away from him as he scrambled backward on...the couch? He was on a couch. He cast his eyes wildly around the room, his breathing coming faster as recognition began to don on him.
His brother’s warning instantly snapped the older hunter back into his own skin, his focus narrowing down to training and instinct. Both hunters quickly drew their weapons to survey the area, Dean falling to point and Sam to his flank without any need for words. Sam’s warning seemed to have reached Cas as well despite his hysteria because the angel had gone on the defensive while he continued to call out and search, his angel blade drawn despite it’s proven uselessness in the face of whatever was doing this. His posture was fierce but his incandescent eyes were wide with a fear that he couldn’t quite mask.
“Damn,” Sam cursed before gesturing to the bed and accompanying personal effects. “So he talked to you, then came back to bed, but judging by the state of everything, there was no struggle and…” He trailed off for a moment as he moved to the side of the bed and tossed Dean’s used pillow to the side, finding his gun still laying there. He scooped it up and checked the clip to confirm his suspicion. “Yeah, full clip still. If Dean woke up to a random angel in our room, all hell would have broken loose.”
Every muscle in his body was pulled taught like a bow string, ready to snap, but the demon’s skilled fingers kept him right on the knife’s edge.
Yet, for the first time, likely since they had met in the barn all those years ago, Dean was struck by what that actually meant. So far as he had interacted with him, Cas had been on human turf; the real physical world where everything they ‘perceived’ was solid and familiar. Cas was Cas, the blue-eyed human-ish guy in the tax accountant getup, but Cas was also Castiel, a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent. Never before had he wondered about how Cas perceived the world because to Dean, at least for the majority of the time down in their ‘lower dimension’, Cas was just a weird little dude who occasionally glowed with sexy angelic power.
Hannah continued, seemingly oblivious to what had just occurred. “Before Michael forbade all angels from interacting with humans again until the end of days, our kind were free to come and go from the lower realm to watch over, to aid and to protect humans as God had originally intended for us. Back then, only a few angels would go missing at a time, but the frequency was so sporadic with so little evidence that any investigation into the disappearances garnered nothing. There were no scenes to investigate, no strange energy signatures, or toxic residue. They were just gone.”
Evan nodded a bit sheepishly, his cheeks tinged slightly pink. “O-of course sir, my apologies. It’s just those poor ladies have been through the grinder. Mr. Hishov wasn’t their family, at least I don’t think so, but he took care of them and the way he died…”
“What does that mean?” Evan piped up, seeming to find his voice once again. “Are you family or something?”
Cas was stunned into silence while Sam looked on completely lost between the two of them.
“Bullshit!” Dean yelled angrily, “I’ve seen him, your Dean! Charred black holes for eyes right?! It don’t take a rocket scientist to figure out how that happened!”
Cursing loudly, Dean whirled back around, nearly toppling Sam over in his haste, glaring holes into the intruder. The slim lanky stranger who had spoken, along with a broader bearded companion, occupied the space between them and Cas which Dean was sure had been empty mere moments beforehand. They were both donned in matching pale grey suits, pristinely clean and sharply cut.
The angel stilled, his eyes flickering up to meet Dean's with a pinched look half way between irritated and confused. The expression was just so
“You’re nothing but a disease! ” Castiel barked at the empty room. “An insignificant germ left to wriggle in a petri dish, and when I make him whole again, I will
“We’re zeroing in on this.” Sam told him with a tight smile. “He’s gonna be fine Cas.”
Once the dark clad angel blinked out of existence, all the accumulated tension his presence brought with it left Dean at once and he sagged heavily against the counter feeling light headed and a bit ill.
“The debris in the bathroom is cleaned up?” She asked.
The air was stale and thick with dust, burning his lungs with each inhale.
Cas leaned heavily against the car and Jack’s supporting grip, his chest heaving from the power of the prayer. His eyes flickered nervously between his companions to the pair, Sophia and Evan, watching from the porch.
Confused, Sam’s other hand came up to his brother’s free shoulder to steady him, his heart hammering with the sudden rush of adrenaline. “I’m right here man.” He reassured before he rushed to explain. “I heard you yell from the library and booked it. I thought that thing was back! What the hell happened?”
Time slows to a crawl.
“I’ll go with you!” Jack announced.
whatever the hell that meant.
The hunter’s scathing retort about the overly familiar way the angel talked about him died in his throat when the imposter did something completely unexpected; he held the blade out for Dean to take. His brain short circuited for a moment, peering at this guy like he had lost his mind before dropping his eyes to the hilt, highly skeptical that this was some sort of test or trick.
"I didn’t bring you all the way here to poison you." Not-Cas remarked flippantly, his jaw set derisively and, Chuck help him, Dean couldn’t help but feel like this was the exact same sort repertoire he had with the angel he knew. As if he could sense the hunter finally settling down, he finished with. “If you sit down and eat, I will tell you the whole truth. Is that acceptable?”
like cool vapor.”
“So get this,” Sam’s voice broke suddenly into Dean’s sleepy meandering thoughts just as the older hunter took a bite of his burger.
Coming around behind the desk, Dean scanned the work space for anything useful. What he found was an ancient looking tome in a runic language he didn’t recognize, accompanied by an explosion of journals bursting with pages on which all available space was crammed with ink.
When he detected no movement from the other side of the room and the phone continued to buzz, he jerked his head up, his hair a wild mess stuck to the side of his cheek hovering above his pillow, “Dude, get your phone.”
With a bit of maneuvering, Dean managed to keep the angel on his feet, muttering a reassuring, ‘I got you’, under his breath.
Dean snapped his head to the side, his own hands still caught in a death grip around the steering wheel. “Don’t ‘what the hell’ me!” he barked defensively, prying one hand free to angrily jerk a shaking thumb at the backseat, “What the hell
Cas’s stony expression was enough to have the young man in hysterics.
Sam stood with wide eyes on the opposite side of the sigil, staring at the spot Cas had been just a moment before. On the floor, the wood was corroded and rotted where the sigil had been laid, as well as at the center where Cas’s blood and the ooze coating him had pooled under his limp body.
This Cas, whose physical appearance without the scar or the untrimmed hair, appeared no different from the Cas he knew, wasn’t looking at the camera at all. Instead, his eyes were fixed on Dean, his posture at total ease with his arm draped over the back of the booth behind the hunter. His expression was all crinkled eyes and gummy smile; pure amused affection
“Let go, Sam, we have to--” Dean began weakly, but his brother interrupted.
“I think you’re right,” Sam affirmed, squirming to fish his wallet out of his pocket and produced a room key with the image of a mermaid in a blue shell laminated on the front, confirming his brother’s suspicion.
“You think this other guy will get into his head?” Sam asked, incredulous.
“So we agree then?” He asked, his expression anxious as the earlier adrenaline began to ebb and suffocating worry began to sink it’s claws into him. “We go check out this Victor Hishov guy, and see if something really was following us?”
Long chapter after a long hiatus. I hemmed and hawed about making it two separate shorter chapters but in the final cut, I just didn't want to break up the suspense. Lots of stuff gets revealed, more questions to be answered. The next chapter will be back with Sam, Cas, and Jack. If time seems screwy between Dean's perspective and their's, it's because it is.
At first, Sam tensed up and swallowed hard--they’d stopped at a gas station in Hastings--but then something Briggs had said struck him as odd.
Dean shot off the couch and around the otherside of the table so fast he nearly tripped over his own feet, but the stranger seemed to anticipate this as well, swiftly putting himself between the hunter and his intended goal. He cursed under his breath, stalking step for step with the guy in a half circle around the couch and back like a caged animal. Anger suffused the alarm and drawing his lips back into a snarl he barked, “Tell me where the fuck I am!”
“Hell of a ride you’ve got there,” He remarked, setting his sandwich aside to meander his way over to the ride in question. “No offense, but you ain’t lacking wings or mojo so what gives with the wheels?”
Shaking off the feeling to access adrenaline, Dean took one final steadying breath as the electronic door finally opened completely, before kicking off. The sky was dark and swollen with storm clouds. Heavy sheets of rain pelted the earth below.
The moment his form vanished one of Sam’s gigantic fists flew up and in a blur of movement made a precise and painful impact against his brother’s bicep, accompanied by a scathing, “What the hell is wrong with you Dean?!”
At that moment, a flash of lightning illuminated his face and the room around them.
Absurdly, the angel flushed crimson, his eyes growing wide with understanding before he abruptly turned his back.
He nearly swerved off the road when instead he found a pair of piercing blue eyes staring back at him.
The hunter’s eyes fell lastly on the two doors at either side of the fireplace, mirroring the ones that lead outside, both the same ashen colored wood and brass handles as the rest of the walls and doors in the house.
From the house, Jack felt the energy fluctuation and immediately excused himself from Sam’s side, sprinting out the front door without explanation to find his father attempting to get to his feet on shaking legs. The young man quickly offered his arm, propping Cas against the side of the car. Sam was on them a moment later.
Cas was old as dirt. He’d seen shit Dean could only imagine and probably a fair amount that he couldn’t. For the angel to not have a clue what was behind this--for any of them not to have a clue for that matter--was messed up on a whole new level. What was worse though, what really had Dean’s stomach twisting in knots, was the fact that Castiel, ‘I raised you from predation’, ‘I rebelled against heaven, smiter of demons and monsters, Angel of the freaking Lord, was completely and utterly shaken to his very core by the whole god damned situation.
“Right" Dean muttered, lingering for a heartbeat before turning away. "Night buddy.” He added over his shoulder as an afterthought and mentally cringed at how terrible it sounded as he headed for the exit.
The faintest twitch down at the corner of the angel’s mouth was all the in he needed, and suddenly the slick dressed man was throwing a leg over the angel’s lap, straddling his thighs.
Relieved that they’d gotten through to him, Dean released his sleeve, his fingers smoothing over the wrinkled fabric before pulling back completely. Neither seemed to notice Sam peering at them with an expression of dawning understanding which he wisely schooled back into something like urgent concern when his brother turned to address him.
In his pocket, his fingers found the coin, worrying at it and feeling out the carved symbols on its cool surface. A strange sensation crept over him sending the hairs on the back of his neck standing on end. It was emanating from his chest, resonating like the boom of fireworks or a deep baseline at a concert.
“Okay creep,” Dean conceded begrudgingly, though he didn’t lower the blade, “Let’s say, hypothetically, that I believe you. You’re Castiel; a dark broody version of him anyway. Why would you abduct me and bring me here?”
It purred in answer.
“And if we can detect an echo of grace there too, then we’ll know without a doubt that it’s connected. Maybe we’ll even find another clue!” Jack chimed in eagerly. “I could use my powers to--”
Cas hesitated, glancing at Jack before he nodded solemnly. “When I saw him, he slept with an unnatural stillness. He was unharmed, but I suspect he was put to sleep much like you were. As of right now we should assume that his mind was manipulated when he was abducted as well.”
Then he’d woken up here, gone downstairs, and found the
“Yes, good. Thank you. I’ll go freshen up and be back out by the time the boys return. Excuse me.”
Dean blinked rapidly as he looked around the room, feeling completely shaken and disoriented. He could finally see again but when his eyes fell on his brother his face was still a blurry smear.
The manager flinched violently. “I-I don’t know!” he choked out.
The older hunter hissed at the jab but rolled his eyes, “Yeah mom, I get it. Let’s just go.”
“Could I get a map with all the cities hit by this guy?” When the Sheriff gave him a questioning look, Sam was quick to add, “For on hand reference? My partner left with our copy.”
Some calm before the storm...
Holding the wrist of his injured hand firmly with the other, the hunter gingerly turned his palm up. Dean cursed under a shuddering breath as he realized the symbol was now clearly branded there, the raised red lines of it so angry and vicious that painful tears pricked at the corners of his eyes.
Dean eyed him carefully. “Doesn’t it all just taste like molecules to you?”
. Dean pressed his hot forehead into the crook of his forearm still propped against the glass, hiding his eyes as a nausea inducing sense of shame shook him to his core.
No. Cas was not the 'Chosen One’. He was just an angel.
There was no one there.
Castiel had been a seasoned warrior long before human beings had even existed. He had seen grace in every terrible way an angel could see it; expelled by force, corrupted by darkness, burned away in holy fire, torn asunder on the celestial plane and ripped apart upon entering the earth’s atmosphere...but in all of his existence, he had never seen anything like this.
Through slight tunnel vision, the hunter made his way into unexplored territory, feeling more and more like he’d been dropped into a dream. The only entry on this side of the upstairs was a set of stunningly carved double doors cast in silvery moonlight from the adjacent window at the end of the hall. His body felt feverish the longer he stood there in inaction, beads of sweat skittering down his temples and the small of his back in tickling rivulets.
“Jesus,” He grumbled. “I think this might actually be worse than last time.”
The fear and pain on Cas’s face.
“The symbols transcribed in the sigil are unfamiliar to me and Harut indicated that even Heaven’s remaining archivists had no information about their origins or any way to translate their meaning which is...disconcerting.” He paused for just a moment before turning his head to look at Hannah directly. “I assume that every other scene was identical to this one?”
With carefully measured steps so as not to jostle the hunter, the angel made his way back upstairs and deposited him in the bed he’d woken in and replaced the blankets over him. With one last brush of his fingers over the hunter’s cheek, he wiped his memory of the motel, the storm and the murder.
“No,” Cas replied. This time his voice was firmer, more like himself. His expression hardened as he looked away, meeting the gaze of Harut who had since moved to stand on the opposite side of the sigil several feet away, his brother ever at his side. Dean was about to ask how it could be so disturbing if he didn’t even know what it was, but one of the heavenly asshole brigade interrupted him.
Evan all but sputtered with indignation and Sam had to mentally check himself  so he didn't crack the fed persona before he replied with a polite, "Yes ma’am."
After taking a moment to get a hold of himself, the older man rose onto swollen feet and waddled out of the back muttering his annoyance in a string of colorful Russian the whole way.
The 'if' didn't escape Dean's notice but he ignored it because it made his eyes sting dangerously. He felt equal parts defensive and helpless but he wasn't about to stay where he wasn't wanted and if he shut the book he'd been staring at for the last hour a little harder than necessary Sam didn't mention it.
The resounding silence after was impressively uncomfortable, but thankfully Sam came to the rescue, “Cas, you said that Hannah asked for us to help with an investigation? What’s going on?”
Dean lifted a hand to swipe at the steam covered glass, needing to give himself a once over and ground himself, but when he looked up, the sight that met him made his blood run cold. Peering back at him in the glass was a perfect replica of himself, but it stood peering at him still as stone with a sharp grin and charred black holes where his eyes should have been.
“Cas?” Came a shaky voice from the floor.
“You can sleep in the car Samantha,” Dean replied impatiently.
“Hold up." Dean interrupted, addressing Sam when he finally found his voice. He stood up from his chair, pressing his knuckles into the table as he leaned over the phone with intent. “Didn’t Hannah say all her angels were accounted for in Heaven?”
“Yeah?”
Dean halted before the bar as the lyrics faded into the final strums of the melody, and the man turned around with the hot pan in hand.
The desperate pitch of his name in the angel’s anguished scream.
"We can't risk overlooking something small. Just let me take over for a while. I promise I'll come find you if anything comes up."
“The sigil.” He began, his expression as still as stone, “It was written in angelic grace.”
“He’s gone, Dean.” Sam murmured quickly in a voice that trembled because if he lingered on what he saw too long he might lose it too. “Dean, I saw him disappear. You went right through him. He’s gone.”
Dean felt the absurd need to cover himself with his hands which he promptly ignored in favor of sizing the other man up as well. The clothing the angel wore defined his edges differently than the straight stocky trench coat the hunter was used to. It gave him an air of casual confidence and ease that reminded Dean more of himself than the Castiel he knew.
“Forgive me, Dean,” Castiel replied, not meeting his eyes. The angel’s voice wavered in a way Dean hadn’t heard since his suicidal admission in the face of what he’d done to Heaven during that terrible ‘god-complex’ period. “This is very disturbing. I must have entered a state of shock.”
“But you show no signs or symptoms of having the Mark.”
Cas’s head tilted a fraction to the side, not following.
The morning grey of the sky had faded to a deep charcoal with the approaching evening.
And he did.
together.
“Oh yeah, lot of good that did you.” Dean seethed from Castiel’s side. “You shoulda brought us here when all this started. It’s only, like, our job to figure this kinda shit out--”
Castiel turned his head to peer out the window, unresponsive, while the apparition prowled closer, every inch of him predatory and ready to pounce. When it looked as though the angel would stay put this time, he saddled up next to him on the arm rest and leaned in close enough to be considered intimate without touching him.
With a sympathetic sigh, Sam finally relented, stepping closer to briefly clap a hand to his brother’s shoulder. “Look, all I’m saying is maybe it’s time to act out that ‘pillar of support’ roll we talked about, to make up for the ‘easily provoked’ part earlier? Just...go talk to him, Dean. What you say doesn’t really matter, but I’m sure your presence will mean a lot.”
She swallowed and gave one curt nod.
"They are fake," Cas responded contritely. "Forgive me Officer, but we are now on an even more limited time table than we were previously so I will be frank. My associates and I are a family of hunters--"
Finally, Dean threw open a storage cabinet to reveal a supply of bottled water.
While still obviously jarred from his sudden lurch into consciousness, Sam responded to what Cas had actually said. “What’s so important that you couldn’t call or wait 'till we stopped Cas?” Sam demanded as he threaded his fingers through his hair to untangle the chin length strands and flatten the wild fly-aways.
Despite that minor hiccup, this Dean had been receptive to him in a way few others had been. Everything from his disposition, to his eyes, to his height, to the inflection in his voice; it was all the same. He was the same and the angel was sure that it would only be a matter of time before he came around.
An argument ensued.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She needs our help Dean,” Castiel denoted coolly.
“My apologies,” the angel replied contritely, but his expression shifted from apologetic to earnest urgency a moment later. “But I needed to speak to you both immediately.”
Later, on his way to refill his coffee cup and grab some sort of sustenance from the kitchen, Sam found his brother curled around himself on the couch of their makeshift movie room with reruns of Star Trek playing quietly in the background. He observed Dean’s bandaged knuckles, tightly crossed arms and furrowed brow from the doorway, his heart sinking.
Sam nodded appreciatively as Cas pressed his fingers to his forehead, only to jerk them back a moment later as though he’d been burned. Sam blinked owlishly at him, not feeling any different.
a little curious, but what’s more, he wasn’t about to let more people die on his account and Sam knew it, the bastard. With a long-suffering sigh, Dean finally acquiesced, “Alright fine. We’ll check it out, but--” He paused for effect, jabbing a finger in his brother’s direction, “--if it turns out to not be our thing, we go
threw off his balance sending him stumbling back into the pillar of boxes. They and the light crashed to the ground. The shadows rose even more dramatically, looming over Dean, ready to swallow him whole.
“I don’t have it anymore,” Dean replied, turning back around fully now to address the angel at a significantly larger distance.
The slice in his foot throbbed as well and he hobbled out of the closet, gingerly setting the picture on the window bench seat. A quick glance around the room revealed he was still very much alone, though he couldn’t help but feel as if he were being watched. After a moment of consideration, he made his way over to the other door. The wet squelch of blood under each step was beyond uncomfortable.
The pressure of emotion lodged in his chest; this was the Dean this other version of Cas had lost...
“Stay your hand, Castiel,” he warned, “It’s dangerous.”
The silence on the other end of the line was telling in that Sam was sure Cas was thinking the same thing.
miss you.” He continued, his hard expression fading into something soft and yearning. “So much so it aches with every breath.”
Guys its getting so close to the mid narrative climax! For everyone that is still reading, you are in for some twisty turns! Forewarning, this chapter, and the next few chapters will contain some Castiel whump so view appropriately. Also, I'm going to be taking some big liberties with the history surrounding Carthage/ The Punic Wars and all of the people involved with them so...prepare yourselves for that.
“Bull. Shit.” Dean ground out indignantly, his hackles rising at the idea of this guy claiming such utter nonsense. “You think I’m an idiot? You could be a demon or a shifter, or
Duh. Shop talk.
“What about the death you were going to investigate?” Jack inquired off handedly, before addressing Cas. “You said it was in a location Sam and Dean had previously stayed the night. Do you think it could be linked?”
She paused for a moment before finally breaking and asking what she’d wanted to ask earlier.
The mark on his arm seared like it never had before, his vision blanketed in blood red.
Marut raised one bushy brow, tilting his thickly bearded face to the side, “There are many prisoners in Heaven’s dungeons who are fit subjects for experiments.”
It wasn’t that it was new to him by any stretch. Whatever the thing was that was going on between his brother and the angel  had been coasting on the same unacknowledged track for years. Despite being completely inept when it came to actually talking about emotions, Dean wore his remarkably openly on his sleeves. It wasn’t always the greatest thing, chiefly when he was pissed or depressed, but on the rarer occasions he was happy or sentimental, the open broadcast was a pleasant room-filling warmth that always brought a smile to Sam’s face.
. He’d been so out of it before that the implications of it were just now hitting with full force, making his heart race and his palms sweat. Every instinct in him pointed to something supernatural, but there hadn’t been any indication; no hint of sulfur or drops in temperature.
“Sorry,” Sam apologized immediately, “I misspoke. I wasn’t calling their character into question. I’m just trying to understand how something like this could happen, looking at it from all angles, understand?”
Sam nodded in agreement, glancing at the numbered doors as they passed by on either side. “Yeah, I noticed that too. In all fairness though, last time we actually died.”
He spun around to find only empty air behind him.
he thought angrily. There was only one way to figure out what was going on, and he was not looking forward to facing a potential threat without a weapon. Dean released a breath through gritted teeth as he padded barefoot across the chilly wood floor to the door. Cautiously, and as silently as he could, he turned the handle and poked his head out of the room.
Just then the click of the master bedroom door’s opening drew his attention, his head jerking away from his reflection toward the sound and back again so quickly it could barely be said he looked away at all.
The last word barely left his mouth before the delicate flutter of wings alerted them to the fact that they were no longer alone. Dean managed to keep himself from jumping out of his skin this time, but his heart still hammered when he looked to the side to find the pair of angels who had led them there.
Dean looked between his brother and Cas with a skeptical squint. They had to be conspiring to confuse him. He was sure Sam would break character at any moment and dissolve into a fit of giggles for having gotten his brother to go along with the 'Heaven is the Matrix' shpeal, but when both men remained resolute, the older hunter pinched at the bridge of his nose to stave off the headache he was sure was coming on.
“What’s the timeline?”
The hunter prayed as loudly as he could with his last remaining energy.
Jack smiled knowingly.
His face hovered close enough Castiel could feel the heat of his breath on his lips, but he wouldn’t kiss him.
“Indeed. I still wouldn’t rule out the possibility, but fifteen a day does seem like a steep number. If they had all been of the same mind as to flee Heaven, they would have had better odds going en masse.”
All the while cruel dark laughter rang in his ears.
“--Slow.” Harut finished as though his companion hadn’t spoken. “This ill-mannered golem is my brother, Marut. Hannah has given us the task of being your escort for the duration of your stay here."
“A true love story.” Sonia smiled conspiratorially, “Think of how brilliant such a confession will be when you swoop in to sweep him off his feet, delivering him from the belly of the beast.”
“Well that’s just fan-freaking-tastic,” Dean retorted grimly, nervously fingering the coin in his pocket.
"There is nothing you could do to upset me, Dean."
“I’m not sure,” the angel admitted with an annoyed huff, “She refused to give me any details over ‘angel radio’.” Though he didn’t physically indicate the quotes with his fingers, Sam could basically hear them in the brief pauses around the words. “However, Hannah would not reach out to me and you two by extension if it wasn't serious. Though she gave no verbal indication, I could sense her urgency which prompted me to find you as soon as possible.”
Dean sadly noted the brittleness in his friend's tone but decided not to comment. “Good.” He replied instead, “That’s good.”
A distant memory tugged at Dean's brain: a thunderstorm in a barn…
(See the end of the chapter for
"You're not the first alter Cas I've met either, but you are the first one to
“Of course not,” Dean barked, jabbing a finger their direction, “Just the freaking angels”
His lips parted in a desperate gasp, “Beloved…”
Missing angels, a gruesome crime scene, another disappearance right under their noses, and now this new development with Dean; as if all of the former weren’t enough to deal with. He dropped his hands and stood up to face the pulpit, his eyes lingering on the simple wooden cross which stood somberly against the granite wall. Despite his earlier promise to Dean made against his better judgment, the angel was still restless. Without taking action there was little more he could do than speculate and worry.
“I’d rather bring them and not need them than need them and not have them.”
Dean was instantly snapped back to his senses, scowling after the escort as they continued. He caught Cas’s eye and shrugged apologetically, but the angel simply gave him the faint whisper of a smile which had a strangely hypnotic quality to it before the angel turned to catch up with the others.
His washing hand slowed as he momentarily got swept up in the disappointment, and hoped vehemently that Cas wasn’t taking it personally. After everything they’d been through all he wanted was some solid ground between them. He inhaled evenly against his rising anxiety. Despite his instinct to do the opposite, Dean forced himself to remember Cas’s words on the phone; he had been looking forward to their time together, to Dean coming home and, for the first time in what felt like far too long, the angel had sounded hopeful.
“Uh--” Sam was taken aback by the overly loud response. “My partner is going to meet me back at the station so we should get going. ”
Identical ocean blue eyes bore into his as though the imposter could see him directly but it was not fear that gripped the angel, only a bone deep fury that left his mouth tasting of ash as the scarred reflection mouthed the words, ‘Give up. He is mine.’
After breakfast, the spilled coffee, and then the tone of the note, it was obvious that the guy was eager to please him despite his refusal to cooperate. He thought about the last paragraph of the note. A meal for a meal; a show of trust. After all, relationships were built on reciprocation.
The young man jumped at the distraction, snapping to attention. “Yessir?”
The apparition laughed low and sensual, rolling the entire length of its body in one lewd motion against the angel, causing him to hiss in disgust and release it. It then dissipated out of existence, the dark sound of its cruel laughter echoing off the concrete.
“Fair enough.” Sam finally relented, but jabbed a finger pointedly in his brother’s face, “But I’m sure Cas has been thinking along those same lines. Anyone could be next, including him. I’ve never seen him this out of sorts but that just means he needs us now more than ever. So man up; he’s going to need pillar of support Dean right now, not irrational easily provoked Dean.” He looked as though he was about to let it go, but then poked the older hunter in the same spot he’d punched for good measure, adding a slightly less scathing and a bit more nagging, “And apologize!”
Marut planted himself between the hunter and the exit with one large hand situated behind his lapel to, Dean assumed, grip a hidden angel blade. The mark hissed murderous intent in the back of his mind and his fingers twisted into fists at his sides as he stalked closer. He itched for a fight, to strike out and beat in the bastard’s bearded face until it was pulp on this knuckles but the set in his’s shoulders must have made it obvious because before he even had to slow his stride, Hannah was ordering the hulking angel to step aside and let him pass.
“Yeah, I’m still here.” He answered with a sigh. “I’m sorry about that Jody, he’s not in a good space right now.”
“Good.” Cas replied. Then suddenly an idea struck him. He leaned forward on to his knees, eyes a bit manic with the notion. “Sam. You need to pray to me.”
“I’ll be better when I get there.” He retorted curtly before nodding to Sam. “I’m going to go pack. Meet me upstairs in twenty.”
Dean could be wrong but it sounded to him as though Cas was
“It was my grace.” Cas confessed immediately, his back ramrod straight and his hands raised in a placative gesture, “I told you before that angels can reach out with their grace to examine something. That is all I was doing. I am sorry, I shouldn’t have done it without warning you.”
Sam was sleeping and snoring lightly which eased a bit of the tension out of Castiel’s posture. He couldn’t help the brief twitch at the corner of his mouth a the sight. With a final cursory glance around the room, the angel stepped back and closed the door as silently as he’d opened it before releasing a sigh of relief. He looked at the blade in his hand for a long moment before sheathing it once again and making his way toward Dean’s door.
He picked up the phone and tapped it off speaker before replying.
The spirit drawled in a bored tone.
They’d done it a few times when Sam was still young. John would pull off in a field out in the middle of nowhere to catch a few winks in the car, and Dean would toss out an old moth-eaten blanket and they would sprawl together to watch the clouds. He wondered with sleepy nostalgia if his little brother remembered those few fleeting moments of peace stolen cat napping in the sun.
So Dean did what he did best; he pushed it down and locked it away despite how his exposed skin crawled against the open air in the room around him. With the decision made, Dean dressed in jeans and a khaki tee, and hastily pulled on a blue grey checkered flannel as he shouldered out the bathroom door.
“Okay.” He said, handing the keys off to Cas. “I’m going to head inside and ask around for some info. You and Jack go check out the Blue Mermaid and meet me back here in an hour or so.”
He trudged on, ignoring the pull in his chest connected to that sound. Heat rushed to his face, the image of the ‘almost kiss’ bubbling to the surface of his mind despite his attempts to squash it. He doubled his pace, scrambling down the hall to put some much-needed distance between them as if he could outrun the thought if he moved fast enough. It was just a lapse in judgment. They were both dead tired and on edge. Cas hadn't even reacted. He probably hadn't even realized what happened--NOT that anything had happened.
for providing the AMAZING AUDIO of Dean's note! It's haunting and beautiful and I'm CRYING  <3
So enraptured, he didn’t notice the hunter’s other busy hand until it was too late.
“Was this man one of them?” The stranger asked earnestly.
The photo, however, was missing.
This Cas had definitely been doing his homework. From the first cursory glance, they appeared to be some sort of logs, using the tome as a referential if the similar shorthand in the margins of the open pages were any indication.
His heart ached to see the angel; the real angel, not whatever cheap knock off had brought him here.
“Dean’s right Cas,” Sam spoke up, approaching them with his pistol still drawn from his perimeter check. Dean stepped back to a respectable distance, but his hand didn’t drop from the angel’s coat sleeve and Sam pretended not to notice. “We don’t know anywhere close to enough about this thing to go after it. We don’t even know how it gets from point A to B or where it goes once it’s got its prey." When Cas still seemed resistant, Sam holstered his weapon and raised his phone for the angel to see. “Look, I’ve documented this entire area and took enough notes while we were upstairs to get us started on the research end. Hannah said angels disappearing has happened before, so let's head back to the bunker and crack into the lore so we can figure out what we’re dealing with. Once we get a foot hold, we’ll be able to make a plan of attack.”
A low rumbling laugh bubbled up from the silence around him so seamlessly he almost didn’t notice it until it sounded as though it were right next to his ear.
And the world went black.
Still distracted by Dean’s odd behavior, Cas is momentarily confused by Sam’s question but seemed to consider it seriously for a second before deflating, “I don’t believe that your pop culture metaphor will work in my case, I’m sorry Sam.  I don’t think I could describe what I perceive in a way that would make any sense to you.”
“And everything since then?” Dean demanded, “You told us that your true voice, or whatever, could bleed through the holy language, but unless Sam has gotten really good at understanding that crap, then you weren’t speaking that the entire time! So what gives with the thunder and the singing and the bells?”
Absurdly, he thought about his asshole future self and the Cas from the Croatoan universe. That miserable human version of his friend had been his fault too. Was there any reality in which Dean didn’t let his angel down?
They were close enough Cas could feel the hunter’s breath on his lips.
“Dean!” The angel cried out, broken and terrified.
“This time of year? Never.” Briggs answered flatley. “Guests who were staying there reported that it was so violent that the floor was shaking like an earthquake.”
Arcs of electricity curled along the surface of the mirror and over Cas’s fingers like furious serpents, spitting out frenetic energy in frenzied waves. The moment their grace clashed it created a swirling vortex around Cas; the eye of a storm inside the tiny bathroom.
“That happen often?” He asked cautiously, “Things missing?”
“You said it’s a small town,” Sam stated, “People tend to know people in small towns.”
Dean dropped a hand to the angel’s shoulder and physically made him turn to face him. “Cas man, you gotta promise me, okay? Promise me you aren’t going to disappear on me as soon as I look the other way.” When the angel still didn’t lift his head, Dean closed his eyes and used the last weapon in his arsenal.
As Dean pulled out of the lot and back onto the road, every pair of eyes inside the car scanned the surrounding tree lines, holding out for the chance that they might catch a glimpse of the missing angels, but as the site near the sandbox, there was no trace. Dean’s attention kept flickering between the road and the rearview to keep an eye on Cas, while Sam observed inconspicuously from the passenger seat.
Cas demanded.
“Yes.” The angel replied roughly, the single word saturated with such emotion it could have been a sob.
Unbeknownst to any of them, the deep shadow at the edges of the illuminated path created by the headlights watched them all.
Cas realized all at once that it was emanating from Dean himself.
Dean could tell the instant the other man’s resolve broke as the angel leaned into his hand before the hunter gave him a final squeeze and backed away. For his part, Castiel too paced away, hovering near the black sheet covering the car.
Castiel closed his eyes and swallowed hard against the emotion welling up in his throat, willing himself to ignore it.
Sam was from far convinced but his brother's tone and body language had created a wall he wasn't going to get through, at least not right now. Satisfied that Dean at least seemed alright, he played along for the time being.
“Uh,” Dean began again, clearing his throat. With his mind still reeling from everything that had happened, he spoke without thinking. “Yeah, I was freaking out a little because I messed up your picture earlier.”
“Sixty?!” He barked incredulously, surging up from his chair to pin her with an intense glare, his fingers curled into tight fists at his sides. Dean could swear he felt electricity crackle through the air. “Why the hell have you only just now contacted me?”
Sam’s lips twitched minutely before he replied, “That was one long drive ago Sheriff. Would you mind giving me a quick summary?”
“Another angel?!” Evan stated in disbelief once again, looking a bit green around the gills, “So you expect us to believe that not only are you searching for an angel but that
A handful of other instances flickered through his mind, proving that it might not be as unreasonable as he initially thought, but that didn’t change the fact that he was a fucking
When had he started breathing so hard?
“Dean?!” A familiar voice called urgently from the bedroom.
I wonder why...?
“Never.” He murmured, and when Dean glanced up at his face he couldn’t suppress the gasp of alarm; the deep blue was completely overcast with a terrifyingly pure brilliant white.
He hesitated with his thumb over the call button knowing that he was only delaying the inevitable. With a sigh, he tapped the button and brought the phone to his ear, praying that tomorrow brought them together as he’d planned, but knowing in his heart that they’d most likely be separated for a while still.
That was the mantra in his head as he made his way back into the bunker proper. He stalked back to his room, his footfalls loud and he made no attempt to quiet them. He felt irritated and strung out despite his exhaustion and it was pissing him off. After this shitty fucking day, he wanted nothing more than to sink into that beautiful memory foam and pass out into oblivion for a few hours but the closer he got to his room, the more tension he felt. The mark on his arm seared. He saw red at the edges of his vision. There was anger--there was always anger when the mark was involved--but there was something else too and when finally his door came into view, he felt so tightly wound he thought would snap.
“That--uh--that rolled in on a motorcycle. He had the whole get-up; leather jacket, helmet, gloves.” The hunter replied, proud of the save.
Every piece clicked together
The Sheriff lifted one dark brow, “This guy has crossed state lines; isn’t that why the feds are here in the first place?”
. The hallway was murky with something that looked like shimmering smoke, but as Dean lifted a hand to wave it away, it clung to him like cool water vapor, tingling along any skin it touched. So stunned by what he was experiencing, the hunter didn’t even notice when his feet began to move again, making his way along the last stretch of the hall before he was standing outside a set of double doors marked by a pair of simple crosses inlaid with gold.
“Forgive the mess.” Castiel implored, gesturing to himself, and the area around him cluttered with various tools. “I haven’t been as meticulous as I could be.”
Cas. Coming back down to
When Dean remained stubbornly silent, Sam went in for the final push. He leaned back in his chair to give his brother his full attention, his expression open and sincere.
Dean wanted to scoff to cover how that single sentence made his heart beat a little faster but he abstained, instead he mirrored the angel’s steps, coming to lean against another work bench near the nose of the sheeted car.
He was still sitting on the couch peering out the window in the living area.
The hunter inhaled sharply as the fingers resting near his navel skimmed just under the waistband of his boxers.
He looked as miserable as he felt.
"You the fed?" She asked.
Before Sam could get another word in, Dean was already heading for the kitchen.
“Be silent Marut,” Harut hissed in warning, sensing Castiel’s mounting impatience for his companion.
“It wasn’t a close guarded secret.” She stated curtly, “You were there Castiel, we all were, but Naomi’s...reprogramming...effected your memory of it."
Carefully avoiding the trail of fluids with his bare feet, Dean made his way quickly out into the darkened hall, shouting for Cas the whole time. Sam, illuminated by the flashing red lights of the alarm, met him at the corner, his own gun out and at the ready. Dean doesn’t stop and they keep moving through the bunker together.
“Yeah okay. Hold on, let me put you on speaker.”
“I’m fine.” Cas insisted.
The hunter mentally shook the phantom words away. Whether it was some crazy hallucination or a random, slightly terrifying, upgrade to whatever connection--he emphatically refused to call it a
Impossibility was an understatement. Without powerful magical aid, such as the coins Harut had provided, no creature of the lower realm should have been able to enter heaven without vaporizing instantaneously. Either this creature was something inconceivably powerful or...
“Jesus,” Dean uttered in disbelief, scrubbing a hand down his face before glancing back in the direction he’d come from. “I found some other stuff back there,” He stated somberly, chancing a sideways glance at Castiel who still seemed pale and beyond tense. The angel’s eyes darted over to him briefly before flitting away toward the sigil again, seemingly mesmerized by it. Dean gestured vaguely toward the direction he had come from earlier, “It looked like a puddle of melted metal. I didn’t know what the hell I was looking at before but now...Cas...I think they might have been angel blades.”
“I’ll heal in the time it takes us to get there” Cas insisted, more anger seeping into his tone than he intended.
“That does seem to be the pressing issue,” Harut replied with a knowing glint in his eye that gave Castiel pause. “Let us continue the survey of the scene.” The lean angel turned away, taking the lead further down the path toward the sigil they had seen upon their approach, his brother a shadow on his heels. “Castiel,” He suddenly spoke in warning, peering over his shoulder. Cas was startled by the grim expression darkening his typically neutral features. “Steel yourself.”
“Angels,” Sam stated with no small amount of disbelief.
The next moment he opened his eyes, he was standing above Dean’s bed just as he had been before, but across from him, in the darkness of the room, was the face from the dream. For a moment or perhaps an eternity he was frozen like a prey animal.
“Oh, hey Cas. Yeah s’me, sorry. Think Dean’s in the bathroom.”
Even the itch of the Mark and it’s ever-present murderous whispers in the back of his mind, seemed strangely muted.
superstitious. The shock of witnessing a murder obviously crossed some wires.”
Dean bristled at the patronizing warning, but Cas planted a hand on his shoulder to calm him.
the demon growled. Once he was sure the angel wouldn’t look away again, he began stroking him with a lazy twist of his fist, causing the angel’s breath to stutter and hiss in an attempt to stifle the desperate touch starved sounds bubbling up from his chest.
“You’re distressed.” Castiel stated, “Tell me what happened.”
He demon murmured with a bawdy pout of his full lips,
The younger hunter paused, carefully stowing the small triumphant smirk before turning back to his brother with a carefully crafted expression of exasperation. Dean shuffled uncomfortably under his brother’s scrutiny, but when he lifted eyes that would have better suited a puppy than a hardened middle-aged hunter, Sam relented with a slight shake of his shaggy head, his expression softening.
“Oh please,” Dean groused, rolling his eyes while he followed suit. “You’ve got the look.”
"And we'll find him, just like we found him then." Sam interjected, not wanting to think about that terrible dark time when his brother had been consumed by darkness, "Besides, he was actively evading us then. If anything we should be extra vigilant of him trying to contact us. The prayer for instance."
It was so surprising, so completely out of the realm of what he’d expected, that Castiel found himself completely consumed by the sensation; one he thought he would never feel again.  It was messy and uncertain, one of the hunter’s hands fumbling for purchase against the fabric of the tight black shirt before finally latching around the side of the angel’s neck.
Cas’s face contorted into an expression of intense regret before Dean felt two cool fingers press against his temple.
“Why?” She implored sadly, her expression slipping for the first time from the stern stone mask of brevity. “Why kill him? He was a good man!”
Sam barely registered her words as he tossed his gloves and fished his phone out of his breast pocket. He held up his finger at Evan to wait when the young man tried to follow as the hunter strode a few paces away, dialing Cas. The phone rang just once before the angel answered.
“I am Castiel.” The stranger answered.
The water seemed to kick up another few degrees and steam permeated the enclosed space, clinging to his body and making him more feverish despite his efforts. Then, an image of Cas flickered across his mind unprovoked; the heated flash of his eyes across the expanse of the map table in the bunker.
“We’re going,” Dean repeated firmer than he intended. “Where are you staying?”
“Sometimes, yes,” Jack replied, but sounded disappointed, “ but the signal is too weak here; whoever it is was only here very briefly. Maybe a few minutes before they left.”
Dean’s sluggish mind provided as though it had been prodded with a reminder.
“Dean, you coming!?”
Sam growled in frustration, tossing the gun into his brother’s duffle bag. “I don’t get it, why now? We haven’t messed with Heaven or any angels in a while. Everything has been relatively quiet, even Chuck--” He paused, turning wide concerned eyes to Cas. “--unless, you don’t think it
“Dean. Cas. Chill out.” Sam warned before addressing Hannah once again. “We can’t do anything about the elapsed time, but we’re here now so just tell us everything you can.”
He regretted it almost immediately. The angel’s expression was intense like he was looking beyond the hunter’s physical body and staring directly into his soul. Dean realized with some belated sense of shock that he probably
"Dean?"
“I am too.” Sam told him honestly, “He’s a mess right now, but can you blame him? Whatever this thing is, it’s targeting angels. It could target him if he goes out searching for it, but sitting on his hands here makes him feel useless.” He took a breath and met his brother’s eyes, praying that the next words came out as a natural transition, beyond aware that his older brother would be perceptive enough to pick out any hint of coercion. “We both know that feeling Dean; angry, guilty, restless, but unlike me, he actually listens to you.”
By some miracle, Dean was able to untangle himself from Cas without giving away the complete and utter panic that was currently flooding his senses. Thankfully his brain quickly provided context to justify what had just happened.
Dean was powerless to do anything but watch in tense silence as the other man slowly backed up toward the wall, never giving the hunter his back, before gradually reaching out one hand to take one of the familiar glistening shapes of the angelic weapon off the wall. Then, making sure the hunter’s eyes were still on him, hiked up his shirt sleeve and ran the sharp edge of the blade over his exposed forearm.
“Creature?” Dean asked, stunned, “Your saying a flesh and blood monster is taking out angels?”
For a long time, he remained silent, but Dean could see in his body language that he was warring with himself. It was difficult to quash the sympathy he could still feel swelling in his chest.
the vapor. This seems to be similar to that, only it's both of senses that seem to be getting crossed, as well as your own.”
“Rather not.” Dean dodged predictably, tossing the blanket on the couch. “Find anything?”
The hunter’s lips twitched into a small rueful smile, “You and me both, sir.”
Cas didn’t seem to notice him as he made his way between down the aisle between the rows, and didn’t acknowledge him at all until Dean was seated next to him on the bench. Even then it was only with the fractional movement of his head toward the disturbance. The air was still and tense as though Dean approached the edge of a wide bottomless chasm. Sensing that Cas wasn’t going to give him an in, Dean leaned back against the pew with a sigh and crossed his arms.
Dean's eyes widened with shell shocked recognition as a bone deep chill settled into him from the tips of his toes to the skin under the angel’s fingers.
The easy nature of the expression only made the angel feel worse, his face screwing up into a grimace as Dean pushed himself to sit up straight, using Castiel’s forearm for leverage with a slurred. “s’alright. Accidents happen,” under his breath.
He should have known better.
Sam sat up a bit straighter. “How do you mean?”
A chill ran through Castiel.
“Jerk,” Sam replied.
Evan bulked, freezing under the intensity of the angel’s expectant expression before jumping into action, quickly searching around his small bachelor apartment for something like a candle. He came back with a small pack of birthday candles left over from the Sheriff’s birthday cake several months ago.
“What about weapons?” Evan suggested, “What sort of weapons would even hurt and angel?”
“So,” Cas intoned harsher than necessary but his head felt light and dizzy again the more he thought about it and the anger grounded him, “Grace is an ethereal energy Dean; a wavelength, a vibration of light particles. That...substance...was liquefied grace. Something forced it to congeal like human blood.”
When the angel seemed reluctant, Dean took a breath and approached him, knowing that he needed to get the information for this all to come full circle and he felt just desperate enough to cross a line. Hesitantly, he lifted a hand to the angel’s shoulder and squeezed it reassuringly; his first voluntary touch.
A possessive protectiveness flared white hot in the angel’s chest as all manner of scenario’s played out in his mind. Had Dean tried to fight, tried to escape, only to be magicked into submission by this bastardized version of himself? What must it have been like to be at the mercy of a creature who shared his face? Cas’s heart ached for his hunter’s suffering, knowing how it would hurt him to have his mind invaded such as it was. What else had he done? What if he had tampered with his mind? His memories?
It could have been any number of memories Dean had of the angel, but there was something in the gaze, something flatter...darker...than he’d ever seen in the eyes of the man he knew. A perverse and salacious sense of pride and ownership crept up his spine, making his stomach twist into knots.
Another breath and that splintering hot cold sensation of grace flooded Dean’s system from the hand on his face. His entire body suddenly became twice as heavy and his knees buckled until the angel’s grip was the only thing holding him upright. He felt drugged, his vision blurring as his head lolled back, only to be held up by that tender hand from his cheek as it moved to cup the back of his neck.
Another sigh was accompanied by a mild bitch face. “You’re not fine Dean. You’ve been on the same page of that lore book for the past hour because you haven’t been able to sit still long enough to get any reading done.”
“I’m not completely certain, but I have a suspicion that he can hear the prayers directed at me. Earlier when I heard Dean, it was so loud but then abruptly silent. Then seeing Dean so clearly put to sleep...this imposter must have put him under to prevent him from reaching out through prayer again.”
“And he took your...friend?” She continued a bit softer.
"I demand to know what is going on this instant!" The young woman barked. Despite her willowy build, her tone left no room for argument. "You come into my home, you scare my mother half to death and then you flee from my living room like men possessed!"
“This reality’s version of--What the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Cas had always been more difficult to read mostly because he just didn’t necessarily need to express his thoughts and emotions with body language. At first, it had been disconcerting because Sam had never been
For one fleeting moment, Dean thought the angel was going to argue, but he seemed to decide against it at the last second. Instead, his eyes dropped to the floor, though Dean could feel the heat of his gaze rake over every inch of exposed skin on the way down before his eyes found the bandage on his foot.
“So we’ll look for a blackout.” Sam replied, “What else?”
“You’re late to the party. The Mark of Cain is another one of those ‘been there done that’ scenarios.” He explained, stalling for time as he searched around for anything, praying the solution would jump out at him.
“Cas?” Dean breathed distraught and uncertain. His hands hovered over the angel’s back indecisively before he swallowed thickly and slowly lowered them to rest against his shoulder blades. “Come on man, you're freaking me out. What’s going on?”
“Common man, you saw the footage, this has to be our kind of thing.” Sam continued, “Besides, don’t you think it's kinda strange that the owner died a supernatural death right after two hunters used his motel?”
“But--” Jack tried to argue, but Cas cut him off again with a stern expression that could only be described as fatherly.
Castiel looked as though he’d been kicked while he was down, but Dean wasn’t having any of it. Fuck him. Fuck playing nice. Giving in to the anger felt damn good.
She gave him a small smile, and waved him over. He seemed to hesitate, unsure for a moment before he steeled himself and cleared his throat to make his presence known. Cas pulled back from the girl, sniffling and brushing the moisture on his face away as Sam came to sit on the sofa kiddy corner to them.
Across from him a large picture window with tastefully drawn sheer curtains looked out over an unfamiliar forested landscape. Suddenly awake and alert, Dean threw the blanket back, disentangled himself from the sheets, and sat bolt upright, his heart jackhammering in his chest. The chill outside the warm cocoon of the comforter was enough to raise goosebumps on his skin, and he looked down for the first time to find that he was still clad only in the thin black undershirt and pair of boxer briefs he’d worn to bed.
. Cas bowed over a book, his eyes intensely focused and scanning page after page with impossible speed; distracting. Cas speaking soothingly, voice plaintive and understanding, to a prospective witness; endearing. Cas growling threats at a demon caught in a devil’s trap, his jaw set, his shoulders back; exciting.
“I’ve made you uncomfortable.” Castiel stated contritely, “That wasn’t my intention.”
prayers. He comes when
He tried not to think of all the stupid desperate shit Cas had done with the best intentions in mind, and couldn’t help but wonder if this was something like that. He’d said his Dean had lost himself and been killed and that he was trying to save him from the same fate…
“Creature!?” Evan parroted in denial. “What in the world does that mean?”
In lue of all that had happened, Sam suddenly felt exhausted despite the early evening hours. He suggested that they find a room for the night, but Evan waved him off. “Sleep here.” He insisted, “The couch unfolds into a queen for when my parents visit, and one of you can have my room.”
“Wait Cas, hold on--” Sam was cut off by the whir of feathers behind him, and he turned around with the phone still on his ear to find Jack and an equally stunned Castiel standing in the center of the room.
"HA!" She barked out a humorless laugh. "Ради их же блага, так оно и должно быть! (For their sakes, there had better be!)" And to then three of them in English she hissed, "Explain now or I will call Sheriff Briggs to sort this out!"
Then it all came back in a rush; waking up in the motel, embracing his friend, then…
The hunter released a soft sigh, his fingers twitching near his navel as he closed his eyes in concentration.
Then, in that fragile moment with his eyes squeezed tightly shut, Dean felt a tug at his subconscious: a beckoning. Turning his head to the side, he saw it.
Castiel’s voice sounded surprised on the other end of the line.
Until his eyes landed on Harut. His intense obsidian eyes were fixated directly on Dean. It was only for a moment before the older hunter looked away trying with all his might to make it look like a natural sweep of the room, but in his heart, he knew it had looked like anything but.
The image of Cas sprinting away from him in a panic and the sound of his broken voice while he called after the missing angels were still so vividly etched into his brain that it made his heart race just recalling it. When the angel had confided in him what the energy ebbing off the sigil had felt like, the horrified revulsion and utter devastation in his voice had been palpable. Sam had definitely hit the nail on the head earlier; pair up all that with not being able to do anything about it, and Dean could practically hear the angel’s self-loathing like the heart-wrenching whine of violin strings.
