The two men hover nervously nearby, far enough outside his vision that they don’t really trouble him. One of them keeps pacing. The other one keeps frowning at the pacing.
, even.” Dean sighed, scrubbing at his face. Into his palm, he mumbled, “Maybe even worth doing again.”
Dean’s gaze dips lower, dragging along his throat.
Chuck stops laughing. Even Yellow Eyes seems puzzled by what’s happening.
Dean pats the secret pocket in his jacket. “Got a charger and an EMF reader sewn in the other side too.”
“Alright, you can open them now,” Castiel says, like Dean has no idea what’s coming to him, even though the scent of freshly baked pastry hangs like clouds in the air.
His fingers tremble as he turns off his office light. He walks on wooden legs across the cubicle floor, stopping by the coffee cubby to grab his thermos from the drying rack.
“What—why’re you—” Dean jolted, electric, his throat fluttering as his eyes drifted shut. “Ohh.
“Do you mind if I…?” Castiel points towards the dresser, so Dean waves him on. Belatedly, as Castiel moves efficiently through the drawers and the closet hangers, picking out a fresh set of work clothes, Dean realizes he’s no longer wearing the clothes he wore at work.
Dean sucks at his teeth. “Yeah. Okay, okay.” He drops his head. “Give me an address, I’ll meet you there.”
Dean never asked for them to show up, yet somehow he’s been roped into caring for them, ensuring that the vases Castiel has put them in are filled with water, and that the drooping petals have been swept from the countertops into the trash. Castiel asks whether Dean wants to bring any of them home with him, but Dean resoundly says no thanks. It’s not like he wants to partake in the joy of transporting them in Castiel’s cramped car, footwells filled with vases sloshing on every bump and turn. Castiel can throw them in the trash for all Dean cares.
“That’s not fair,” Dean argues.
Dean parts his legs as Castiel rocks forward, his cock thick and rubbing along Dean’s upper thigh. Dean scoots forward along the desk edge, enough that their bodies can press firmly together. He rolls his hips gently, strength building as Castiel gives a pleased noise and thrusts his hips in turn.
The host must embrace the fact that heaven’s new form will always need their intervention; it will never be as hands-off as the first version Chuck had made.
Cas tilts his head, lips parted, and Dean knows what he will do before it begins.
“Forward me the latest zip file over messenger.” Rising, Dean heads for the tiny desk in the corner of the living room that comprises his home office. With the cell phone wedged against his ear, he fetches his laptop from its bag and begins booting it back up. “I just need to log into the VPN. Then I’ll compare file versions for you.”
Cas at least has the decency to pale at that. “It was a trade, technically. Though I can reassure you, the conditions of my deal are now next to impossible to fulfill.”
He and Sam are the end of the Winchester line. No spouses. No kids to share their memories with. No way for Dean to pass that along, to move that history from one generation into another, to keep himself alive once he’s dead.
Outside, the world is a summer field bathed in a limitless blue sky. The bunker door is gone, replaced by a horizon that extends in green every which way he looks. Plants grow in neat rows around them, vegetables and fruits alike, all tended to by an attentive hand.
In a coordinated effort, Patience, Claire and Alex shout loudly that it’s time for presents, and from beneath a table they carry out a plastic bin filled with small gifts wrapped in either newspaper or princess-themed paper, no in-between. Dean gets pushed into a chair, and with a paper crown donned atop his head he’s passed a beer and begins picking his way through the modest pile. Around him, the pool games pick up again.
While Dean recovers, Cas continues to cross the intersection, taking careful steps past where he memorized Dean’s last position. He keeps calmly marching forward, walking toward a flower garden at the corner curb, where begonias and hydrangeas grow neatly inside a low brick retaining wall.
It takes all of Sam and Dean’s combined strength to haul a sobbing Garth up from the table. Dean is struck only once in the face by Garth’s gangling arms, which flail dramatically with his growing wail.
Dean’s never heard her sound so defeated. Once the light turns green Dean pulls over, the Impala left idling so they won't melt without the air conditioning. He turns down the radio and then reaches for the map. “Alright, go over it with me. Where did this stuff change?”
Hank drops his chin to his chest, blushing. “Those boys’ve been a big help around town, in more ways than I can count. If you’re throwing them a party, well, I’d say they deserve it.”
Dean’s legs turn to jelly, his grip shaking loose as Cas pins him perfectly in place, spearing him on that perfect dick that Dean’s finally getting to enjoy. Not that Dean’s complaining about the blowjobs, or the past couple weeks Cas has spent riding him, planting his hips as Dean fills him, nice and slow. It’s just nice to have the full repertoire available, the options for their fucking now open and limitless.
Dean doesn’t know how to take that information, so he pushes it aside. He feels bad enough knowing that the team lost when they were two points ahead. If Castiel was kicked out for fighting or, worse, he voluntarily left the game, then Dean has even more of a debt to repay.
Val jumps, squeezing a tray of strudels hard enough that surely it’ll be docked from her pay. She whips around with her best customer service smile pre-plastered on, her eyes wide and over-bright as she says, “Can I help you?”
Once Castiel has packed away the leftovers from supper, he and Dean retire to separate ends of the couch in the living room, both of them sitting with their laptops opened in front of them.
There is something here to share, between them. Except Dean isn’t ready.
He is back in the dungeon, among the bookshelves and boxes. A bloody sigil drips from the back of the archive door. Castiel’s palm stings with the phantom memory, fingers flexing with the tacky feel of dried blood.
He thinks briefly of his brother, out on a date of his own. Of their communal kid, accepting them without judgment.
Dean brushes up close to Cas. “You recognize these things?”
“The… puke perimeter?” Cas quirks his head, squinting.
Dean isn’t one for turning off message notifications—if his team needs anything, he’ll drop whatever he’s doing to help them—but Castiel’s endless curiosity has him seriously reconsidering this rule of thumb.
Sam holds up his hands, placating. Cas flips through the brochure Garth provided last night, his frown growing the longer he reads. “It says here there are five types of accommodations available, depending on your desired level of luxury.” With all the vibrancy of a dead bird, Cas looks to Dean and asks, “Did Garth say what level he booked for you two?”
The following day, Dean drives Patience out along the path of the perimeter, swinging a slow route clockwise around the city. Construction along 16th Street SW means they’re crawling north at a snail’s pace, the street fenced in by stuffy residential blocks. Kids shout and run around their front yards, through the slip-and-slides and sprinklers nipping at the afternoon heat. Dean’s half-tempted to pull over at a lemonade stand up ahead, slumped in the shade of a couple heavy oak trees.
“Mm. Although I would have…”
“I could see how it’d work out,” Castiel says, smiling. “You’re very charming.”
Castiel nods stiffly, and Dean wouldn’t swear to it, but even the tips of his ears look pinker than usual. He doesn’t have long to linger on the thought before Miriam is waving him up to the throwing line. Distracted, Dean pushes himself through the correct pose and makes his throw before bothering to check the scoreboard. His team groans as Dean unintentionally sends them over the fifty-point line.
The caber tips end over end, landing just shy of perfect noon.
“Yes,” Castiel says, caught in this throat. “Let me take them away. Let us leave you be.”
Claire looks at Dean a little too knowingly. It makes him feel old again.
Righteousness flares hotly inside Dean. He can still turn this around. He will just get ahead of the game for tomorrow. He will close more defects and boost legacy’s numbers for the production bug report Anna compiles tomorrow. If he stays late, he can wrap up all the shit that should have been done had there not been meetings eating up his time today.
The djinn collapses, bloody hands grasping at the wound.
Dean exhales sharply and tries not to give into anger, as he continues packing up his laptop.
The whole drive home, he’s bogged down thinking about how much the team has changed lately. Is he imagining it? What will happen after the first phase of BEAU is over? What about once the entirety of BEAU is done? Will Miriam and Inias even be coming back onto the legacy team? Or will Dean be stuck handling legacy’s day-to-day all alone?
“Better with lube,” Dean mumbled, his eyes firmly shut.
“Sam,” Claire says sharply. “Dude. We might’ve actually caught a break here.”
Thank you everyone who made it this far, particularly those of you who took a chance on me and followed the fic as it was updating. Writing is an inherently lonely hobby, with hours and hours of labour spent on something that can be consumed far more quickly, but you kept me company and kept my spirits up. This fic sits really close to home, and having your comments there gave me a lot to think about.
They give Castiel back his belongings, shortly before he’s been discharged. An attendant hands over a clear bag containing his clothes, as well as a stack of care instructions that weigh as much as a small tome. Dean takes the papers, then takes off for the car. The bag rests on Castiel’s thighs as Sam wheels him out to the parking lot.
“Dean,” Cas said, breath tight, as he wormed his way under the covers.
The woman sighs, impatient. “Are you picking them up, or am I driving?”
“Yet,” Dean agrees. Probably not the best rationale to follow, but it’s not like he has any grounds to argue. He’d have done the same thing at Claire’s age, regardless of what Sam or his dad thought about it.
“Won’t make it,” Dean panted, his teeth grazing the column of Castiel’s throat, the heat of his breath seeping through Castiel’s collar. His hand dragged upward along Castiel’s inseam, his nails scratching over thigh meat the closer he came to his goal.
Dean’s gaze drops to half-mast, his lips parting. He leans in to Castiel—
this entire time?
And Dean just got him dead.
Cas quirks Dean a look, somewhere between confused and endeared, a soft question in his eyes. Dean takes the excuse to look straight at him, and notes the flush scrubbed into Cas’ cheeks, the pink rim of blood gathering in the crease of Cas’ nose.
Castiel steps closer. He touches a hand to Dean’s brow, his broad palm planting firmly against Dean’s freckles. His skin is sticky from his work with the axe.
Sam hums his agreement. He wipes the sweat from his beer against his jeans.
Hank looks up slowly from his sudoku, contemplating the value of reacting to his junior reporter’s commentary. It took a month to warm up to the new hire, but Hank’s learned by now that the kid’s net for ‘strange’ casts wide and catches everything, including more than it should.
Garth puffs out his cheeks. “Alright then, I guess I’ll settle for Cas.”
Dean keeps glancing between his tablet and his book. It doesn’t seem like Dean’s heard him, except Castiel notes the tension in his shoulders, newly formed.
Dean blushed, hating the reminder that his body frequently made his needs so wholly transparent. His heat rose on a sudden wave of self-hatred.
?” Dean says, as Garth climbs out from his rust-bucket beast.
He didn’t know, but he loved him.
Castiel exchanges one such look with Dean now, though disappointedly Dean doesn’t hold his interest for long. Castiel turns instead to Miriam, saying, “Have you heard what they’re planning for a reward, once BEAU is done?”
“Great,” Dean grumbles. He frowns out at Raphael and the new guy, who are handing out a stack of stapled papers as they talk with each member of Dean’s team. His brow furrows further when he notices Anael has a booklet already wedged underneath her arm.
His dream self brushes a smudge of dirt free from Cas’ cheek, in the sun up ahead.
“Oh. Okay.” Castiel nods. Dean takes the opportunity to turn and leave, heading for the elevator. Castiel follows him, obedient as a golden retriever, talking as he walks. “Listen, Dean, I just wanted to say that you’ve been doing an amazing job running things in Bart’s absence. I’ve spoken to a couple SAs on other teams, and they all say that legacy is one of the best—”
Patience’s phone rings about the same time that Dean’s begins vibrating in his pocket. He fumbles to pull it out. “Sam,” Dean declares, looking at the screen.
Dean glances down to the muskoka chairs, clearly hand-carved, the same as the round table. He doesn’t know what to say to Cain’s confession.
When the cloistered noise of the city gives way to a more rural setting, the van slows and makes a turn down a long gravel lane framed in by old growth trees. The air grows cool beneath their heavy shade, the road becoming more narrow and isolated the longer they drive.
“Hm.” Dean frowns at his screen a little while longer, pecking over the query he’s formatting. When he gets to the end, his frown turns to Inias. “What?”
Castiel sorts out his stance, thumb tucked beneath his other palm along the hatchet shaft, and pauses with the weapon raised above his head. Dean nudges at Castiel’s arm, then his shoulders, bringing his stance into better balance. “Now, watch what you’re doing with your hips,” Dean says, resting his hands on either side of Castiel’s waist to hold him steady, head tilted aside. “Now, throw!”
“I know. But it’s that or water.”
Cas climbs in with caution, surveying the mounds of blankets and pillows with obvious distrust. Dean says, defensively, “Garth thought we would be camping,” which turns out to be the wrong answer—or right one, based on how Cas prowls forward on his knees and captures Dean’s mouth in another kiss.
“What?” Sam frowns, looking from Cas to Patience. “But that doesn’t match what we know about the tokens. It should be keeping all hunters out from—”
They take the Impala to the campus, and park in one of the more secluded parking lots, offside in hopes of avoiding neighboring stall-mates. Dean takes a moment to scrape melted ice out from beneath the wipers, to brush off the residual snow pelleting her front lights. Castiel shifts his weight, gait stiff—partly from nerves, partly from the weather—while he waits.
“Uriel,” Castiel says in an endless moment, his brother sitting beside him on a stone bench overlooking a lapping pond. “I am so sorry for how things ended between us.”
“I love you,” Castiel says, squeezing at Dean’s hip.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean grits out, forcing himself out of bed. “Why are you here?”
tucked between the crinkly, plastic-wrapped wicker. It all screams hospital stay in a way that spikes Dean’s dread regarding where he’s been lately.
“Then we’ll wait,” Dean said. “But this… We can do this in the meantime? I can just hold you for now, right?”
“So I’m a charity case,” Dean said dully.
“How’s your first day back?” Castiel asks without preamble, twisting his chair to better focus on Dean. He seems normal almost, like the person Dean has grown accustomed to puttering around the apartment the past couple days. But his hands are folded together, rigid in their grip, and he has trouble meeting Dean's eye, which is unlike the Castiel he’s grown to know outside of work.
“What is it?” Castiel asks, unfolding the wrapper of his chicken burger.
Cas protested, “You don’t need to—”
Castiel steps closer to the pickup truck. He looks over the side steps, peeks in through the window to the cab. Frowning, he asks, “What is it?”
Two years already. Dean had been calling on Cas to fuck him on schedule for two years now. Except the last couple times, when Cas didn’t—
“S’fine.” Dean leans back against the cupboard, offside from the carafe of coffee. He watches as Castiel rinses out his mug and prepares a cup of hot water. “Not a coffee guy?”
Kansas summers were always warm, and this one was particularly dry. By time the high noon of June rolled around, Dean was feeling pretty stupid for expanding his little dirt patch out ten times its original width.
Except he doesn’t have the right to react like that.
Dean doesn’t have much time to dwell on it before one of the girls is shouting. Dean whips around, catches sight of Sam and Claire running, rushing toward—
“No,” Cas agreed, “but the homegrown lettuce in the fridge suggests otherwise. And the snap peas. And the tiny cucumbers you cut up for Sam’s salads.”
Jack’s out beyond a quarter mile before he disappears around the corner of the farmstead.
Retrieving his cell phone, Dean adds a new contact to his list.
Nodding, Castiel retrieves two beers from the fridge. Condensation beads along the bottles, dripping between his long fingers. Dean watches the way Castiel cracks open the cap to each, his huge hands wiped across the apron at his hip.
With a brief window of time to himself, Dean reviews the emails he drafted the night before, confirming they’re still coherent in the light of day. Satisfied, he fires off his replies in quick succession, wrapping the whole exercise up shortly before another message comes in from Castiel.
Once satisfied that they’ve all listened attentively and are applying the correct techniques to their throws, Cain splits them up into two groups—web services with Bart, legacy with Zach, and Raphael sitting out to man the scoreboard—and goes over the rules for a competitive game their teams will be playing.
Castiel searches for Dean’s text thread next, and finds it surprisingly low on the recent contacts list. Reading through it, he confirms that Dean’s text log is dead, having fallen silent around the same time Castiel’s messages to Sam go missing. Their call history is scattershot too.
“Well done, boys,” Chuck says, and Dean manages a marching step toward him before Sam intervenes, holding him back.
Sam and Claire wait for Dean and Cas to catch up, and then Sam motions for them to split around the house, approaching it from either side. Dean readies his gun, nodding. Sam and Claire prep their own weapons and silently trod the other way.
The feel of a hot cock within him had jolted Dean awake in a sickening bout of pleasure. He squirmed against the sheets until he roughly orgasmed, then felt immediately horrified for it. What was he doing, getting off on these kinds of dreams?
“You were in surgery,” Sam says. “We got the call, when Stevie thought you weren’t—” He swallows, head bowed. “But you made it. And we’re here.”
Satisfied, Dean heads to the bathroom and scrubs down in the shower, stepping out after in a cloud of steam. He shaves off his five o’clock shadow and slaps on his nicest aftershave. He picks out his best cologne and dabs it beneath his jawline, then ruffles a hand through his artfully styled hair.
Castiel isn’t sure what he can admit to without giving too much away. He settles for answering, “I’m here, Dean. It’s me.” Then, gently: “Can you tell me what’s wrong?”
“I know what I’m doing,” Castiel growled. When Dean seemed insistent on arguing, Castiel reached over and grabbed Dean’s cock instead.
“Miriam usually handles all of those,” Inias gives as an excuse, which, sure, Dean can see it, considering the way things were handled before—but between BEAU and the updates, it’s too much work to put onto Dean’s plate.
Sam stares at the ground. Arms tight. Jaw flexing.
“No, but Rebecca’s alleged kidnapping does.” Claire drops the file onto the dinette in front of Cas, flipping through to a particular page, then stabbing the paper with her finger. “See, right here. When Rebecca came back, she claimed she hadn’t actually run away, she was just trying to find the people who stole her before. She said this was the second time her mom filed a missing persons report on her, that the first time came after she was gone for two days. But the police in this report say there’s no such filing on record, and Maurier’s mom says she has no memory of Rebecca ever going missing before that.”
When Dean wakes up, his chronic headache is gone. For the first time in days, he hasn’t woken sore and strained, his heartbeat driving a dull throbbing behind his eyes.
Castiel hums politely and stares out the window. He watches the distant hills rise and fall along the I-84, the earth around them a suede brown dotted scrub green and stone gray.
She levels a pointed finger at him as she exits. “I mean it. Slow the fuck down, Dean. Legacy isn’t going anywhere anytime soon.”
“Oh no? You mean this?”
Castiel exhales sharply, clearly relieved. “And the bad news?”
“Good luck with your new job,” Dean says, extending a handshake. Nothing says he can’t be polite about it, even if he thinks Castiel is a dick.
Still. It was hard keeping that in mind when Cas wrapped an arm around Dean’s shoulders, growing comfortable as the movie progressed, or when he rubbed his fingers through the short hairs at the nape of Dean’s neck. Dean was just thankful he had seen these movies enough times that he could recite them in his sleep, and could instead spend his time savouring the feel of Cas so close to him, the warmth of Cas’ body tucked in a tight line along his own.
, blasting through the weekly BEAU scrums like nobody’s business. Once the new timelines were approved, Dean joined the weekly touchpoint with management, and anytime Bart or Raphael call for updates, Dean knows exactly what’s going on. Any issues that arise are brought to him immediately, and he and Cas work out a solution together.
“The training site is on an acreage outside the city. By Bart’s instructions, we will be driven out there early morning and stay there through the afternoon.” Castiel’s brow lift. “Oh, good. Lunch will be supplied.”
Dean remains in the doorway, his whole body feeling adrift. He forces himself to nod. “Yeah. Yeah, okay.” He steps aside and flaps his arm, directing Cas inside.
, Dean realizes with a jolt—Michael is one of two siblings he’d seen crowding Cas in a framed photograph in Castiel’s room.
Dean has made his way through the better part of their contents, thankfully, scarfing down the chocolates and pretzels and beef jerky packets the instant his stomach was ready for solid food. He even cajoled Castiel into joining in the snacking, after Castiel’s repeated insistence that they are Dean’s gifts, not his. But even with their combined grazing, there’s still plenty of snacks to share.
“Yet,” Sam adds.
They’re too exhausted to do much besides shut down for the night, though Sam and Jack put up a noble fight as far as research goes. Dean plays along with the charade but the books he picks are all about the Empty, about lifting the veil between life and death and reaching the one he—
Castiel shakes his head. “No. The whole team stopped by, stayed until visiting hours were shut down.”
“I’m not controlling it,” Castiel added.
Dean knuckles at his eye socket, head thrumming through the list of what best he could say.
Sleep hangs just out of reach from Dean once again, as has become its pattern since his mother’s untimely death. Dean plays the part, lays still beneath his cool sheets, closes his eyes against the dark. He plays the part, but though sleep visits, it never dares to stay.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, but doesn’t that smell dangerous to you? I mean, if they have these kinds of spells in their arsenal, who says they won’t have something even stronger in there?”
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have tried to—” Dean begins, but Jack cuts him off with a shake of his head.
“Need you,” Dean kept breathing into Castiel, too soon to be ready despite how frantically his wrist kept flexing. Castiel pressed his fingers in alongside Dean’s, crooking them until Dean’s voice broke around a wet sob.
If Dean’s not careful, he’ll lose any shot at proving to Raph and Zach that he’s a strong candidate for moving upward. He even might be made redundant before legacy’s official end.
Dean opens his work’s messenger app on his phone, even though he shouldn’t. The compulsion to know what notifications he’s missing moves his hands before his head can stop them. Another stab of anger strikes when he notes that a bunch of unread pings have come in from Castiel since leaving the office. Dean won’t deign to respond to them tonight.
Castiel’s mouth opens, his cheeks paling. “You don’t like it?” He straightens, moving like he’s about to throw the entire dish out.
Dean barely has enough time to sit behind his desk before Raphael is knocking at his door, a calculated corporate smile already plastered on his face. The new SA comes up behind him, looking studious.
“Nope, nope,” he tells himself, dipping down to drag his pillow back onto the bed. He strides into the bathroom and throws on the taps to the shower, stepping into its stream before it has had the chance to scarcely warm.
Dean took his time scrubbing himself clean within the shower, riding the rising crest of his heat until it brought him to reluctant climax. He exited the bathroom wearing a loose t-shirt and sweatpants over a fresh pair of heatbriefs, a towel yet draped over his shoulders to catch the moisture dripping from his hair.
“That’s not what I worry about,” Castiel says, surprising Dean with his blandness. “You’re talented, yes, and wasting those talents on brawling. But I look at you and ... I wish I had half as much courage as you.”
Cas hummed thoughtfully. “Show me the best place to try it.”
Castiel smiles faintly. “You are uniquely qualified to both manage and develop.” He drifts closer to Dean, taking a seat in the clothes-covered chair. “It’s unfortunate that Raphael doesn’t see your full capabilities yet.”
“Surely you didn’t come all the way out here for a tailgater now, did you, Donna?” Dean asks.
“Around the hellmouth,” Dean says. “Shortly after.”
“The Tree of Life cannot grow within a mortal’s mind,” the djinn tells him softly, as they walk. “It takes too long, and mortals are too fragile. They dream too often of things that destroy.” She runs her free hand up the stems of passing tomato plants. Down the bowed branches of apple trees. “But so often, immortals do not dream either, and those who do cannot be trusted with something so rare as Life itself.”
The hopelessness sets in, just a little.
Dean doesn’t let his routine headaches slow him down, not even when they stop responding to the painkillers he’s chugging throughout the day like clockwork. And when the throbbing pain behind his eyes and in his neck is accompanied by a runny nose, he doesn’t let it bother him. He just eats more oranges and takes a couple medications for staving off colds, which make him drowsy but they seem to be enough to keep the worst of his sniffles at bay.
Dean stares out the driver’s side window, saying nothing. Sam sighs and stares ahead.
After all this time, Dean could have lost him. He could have spent their final week fighting over some stupid shit he should have said, words he should have practiced and repeated until he was certain Cas knew the depths to which Dean loves him too.
“Why’s this one yours?”
But it’s Garth who speaks up, snarling through his tears, “Excuse me? You think this man is not my husband? My life is falling apart before your very eyes and you think that it’s a
“Nah, just bugging my eyes at how much shit their client got into. Trial should be a cakewalk based on the evidence alone, even if the judge admits only half of it.”
Dean chuckles. “Figured those two would hit it off.”
But it is clear to Castiel that this isn’t the final solution. What they have built will not be enough to satisfy the entire world.
Dean whined, some blend of his omega and his own instinctive shame telling him that this was it, this was Cas rejecting him; no matter what Dean put for preferences on his profile, there was nothing he could say that would ever make Cas want him in the same way.
“I deserve to know that much,” Castiel finishes, softly. “Talk to me, please.”
Dean isn’t lonely. He could find a roommate, if he really wanted to. But it wouldn’t be the same. There’s something about Castiel that made these mundane actions all… achingly familiar. Comfortable in ways that rang harmonious with people Dean has loved and left in his past.
All the pent-up anxiety inside Dean erupts out in high-pitched snickers.
“Yeah,” Dean says. His mouth twists with a grin that is not a grin. “Got bad news about that too. But, uh. We’ll leave it for now.”
The clouds open to the fall of rain.
Cas trails off as he draws a finger down the face of Dean’s portrait, etching out a different arc for his jawline. A subtler edge for Dean’s nose. Dean sees it unfold in his mind’s eye, and although there isn’t any paint used to make the marks permanent, he still feels Cas’s movements as though they’ve been traced onto his very skin.
The sunset flickers around them, retreating from navy into summer blues. The sun backpedals above them, illuminating the entire sky.
Cas’ hand envelopes his then, their fingers entwined, and Dean bucks on reflex, on the thought that Claire and Patience and the rest of them are within sight, that they might not know, that Claire might not like—
“Can’t believe phase three is almost over,” says Miriam during one of their last morning scrums regarding BEAU. Legacy’s meetings on the topic have cut back to only once per week, although they still gather in Castiel’s office to go over the meager to-do list left at this point.
So they improvise. Sam hauls his computer to the girls’ motel room and they set up a makeshift HQ there, the TV turned on and the radio tuned low to the local NPR. Since they can’t write down or record anything about Abbie without it disappearing, they make up a game to help keep the details fresh in mind.
When Cas didn’t withdraw, Dean touched a hand to his shoulder, rubbing soft circles. The tub frothed in the silence between them.
Ricky beams back his own relief. “Sure, it’s no family secret. Though I’d say pick up all the recommended toppings too, if you’re looking for the full experience. He like anything extra on his bun?”
“—is a
Benny shrugs. “Taste of home. Been missing it lately.”
,” Jack repeats.
Quiet, he asks why Dean is out of bed.
“It’s just cute,” Castiel says once they’re alone. “Your crush on him.”
Val nods, shamefaced. “Been stuck here for generations.” Her mom, stuck as part-time over at the clothing store, making ends meet by spending her downtime selling marked-up cosmetics to the same fifteen cousins on Facebook. Her older sister, a stay-at-home mom, doing the same with marked-up health cleanses. Val knows they’re a scam, but still she buys from both of them whenever she can, just to keep their spirits up.
Cas gives a low snarl, stepping closer. Dean allows himself to get wrapped up in his arms, nearly hauled up onto his tip-toes. “No.”
“Burger,” Doug nods affirmatively.
“Are you kidding me?” Anael says. “Do I look like someone that either wants or needs an axe throwing skill?”
Dean swipes his hands against his legs, forces his creaking knees to lift him to height. A breath for courage, then he makes the hike toward Cas.
“Oh no, no way.” Castiel swipes at the keys and pulls them away. “I can take you home.”
“Qui’ it,” Dean mumbles, swatting haphazardly at the hand touching his face.
“That’s not what you—okay then.” Castiel tugs gently on Dean’s pant leg, drawing back his attention. “You’ll change into those pyjamas, right? You can get yourself into bed?”
Castiel nods, pushing himself down the dusty bench seat and out the driver side. “It’s alright, Dean, if it’s too much trouble. We’re fine leaving it.”
“And what, tell her Claire’s lessons were for nothing?” Sam gives a wry grin in return. “Let them have their fun.”
Dean’s mouth dries up. He’s rarely heard nice things said about him at the office. He narrows his eyes. “I thought tonight wasn’t about work.”
“Axe throwing?” Miriam’s eyes bug out. “They’re taking us
But Dean can’t—he
“Where’s my truck?” Castiel asks, once Dean and Sam are both sitting in the front seat, equally agitated with each other.
Castiel takes a free parking spot two cars down from Dean’s usual stall, and unlocks his doors. They each fish out a box to take upstairs.
The back of his hand presses against his mouth, his lips thrumming with what happened.
“I bet.” Dean laughs. “Really gives you a spot to shine, huh.”
see each other again.”
His thighs were the perfect distance apart, he
“I didn’t,” Cas repeats, turning. He stares right into Dean’s eyes, his soul. “And I still don’t.” He comes up close with a purposeful march. “After how many years left hoping, left praying… What made you think your actions read any differently than the decade that came before?”
“Who?” Alicia asks, frowning.
As it is, he can’t talk about it with Cas. He can’t stomach the thought of reaching out to find Castiel is only wanting closure before he moves on.
Unexpectedly, Sam flinches. He and Dean — his brother — exchange glances.
Together, they climb the stairs.
When his vision sharpens, he realizes the two men are turned with their backs facing toward him. They wear jeans and dark canvas jackets; one has long hair, the other short. The one with short hair keeps touching his face and fidgeting, rocking from foot to foot. Their coats and collars keep the most discernible details about them at bay.
He wants to remember Dean alive on Earth and so he goes back to the home he knows. Back to the road leading to the bunker.
Dean falls quiet after that. When Castiel glances at him, he catches a smile flushing out the dimples on Dean’s face.
Castiel considers the question. He has his body. Aches and pains. Sutures across the majority of his abdomen. A bad cut across his temple that stings whenever his expression shifts. But beyond that...
He tilts up Dean’s chin, cupping Dean’s face with both broad hands. Dean blinks through the haze and stares up into endless blue.
Cas shrugs. “After visiting Rebecca, I felt a nagging sensation while returning to my car. When I honed in on the object, I could tell that it was wrong. So I tore it apart and then brought its pieces here.”
Dean groaned out in a bleary answer. He then pressed bodily into Cas, his groin throbbing as he rubbed up against Cas’ thigh.
“Look at me!” Garth guffaws, beaming over his stick man rendition. “I look so damn handsome.”
“What, you thinking today?” Dean scoffs through his fries. “Sorry, but Cas just said he needs more time.”
of my summoning. I was bequeathed the ring after Billie…” He clears his throat. “Anyways. Better the devil you know, I suppose. I don’t want anything to do with them, and I could keep things quiet for them with my absence.”
Dean hasn’t had somebody like that around him in a long, long time. Not since Sam got clean and got his shit together, moving out to California to start the next chapter of his life without Dean stuck fast to his side.
Dean swats aside Cas’ hand, hobbling his way over to the bed and collapsing face-first. He stretches out, enjoying the slow return of feeling through his tingling extremities. Into the sheets, Dean mumbles, “My back has frostbite now.”
Claire seals her lips and runs her tongue around her mouth. Her nose wrinkles. “Gross.”
Dean tetches. “I worked at a car dealership before I started here. Jumped ship between a couple other minimum wage jobs before I fluked out and landed in the help desk pit for our company.”
Squirming, Dean shifts uncomfortably. “Of course,” he mumbles. “I want that too.”
Hank feels partly bad for the role he plays in leading Kurt astray, but he knows the rough balance of favors between the town and the Lot of Them, and it leans considerably toward keeping his mouth shut. “It’s just a woman, not a story. Leave the tourists be.”
A loud, slow clapping erupts behind them, and when Dean turns to look, he finds Chuck standing there, smiling. Pearly whites shining behind that shit-eating grin.
As it turns out, not a whole lot happened that Dean was needed to handle.
“Sam,” Dean says, cutting him off. Sam looks up from his screen, puzzled. Dean purses his mouth and points at Cas. “He says he drove through the puke perimeter to get to us. Straight down the middle.”
. Dean spread his legs and arched his back. Let his head loll back onto Cas’ shoulder. Let one arm come up to keep Cas exactly where he was kissing along Dean’s throat, teeth dragging along tendons, tongue soothing in their wake.
Head shaking, Dean says, “And when my step back leads to subpar work?”
, Castiel thinks frantically.
Dean isn’t satisfied with that answer. Not by a long shot. He takes a step toward her, indirectly tugging Cas along with him. “Of course it’s not physical. It’s a
Chuck’s body melts away. He gains inches in height, shoulders broadening, eyes shifting from blue to brown. Rich brunette hair spools out sleekly from his—their head. Her smile lands on Dean before turning to Cas, who is still lying prone on the ground.
Despite the lump of knowing dread that has formed in his belly, Castiel hopes he’s somehow okay.
Crossing its arms, the Shadow stares off in middle distance. Castiel has a moment to wonder whether it is spiteful enough to deny Castiel’s request.
And then he remembered.
Unmoving, the man glances down at Bart’s hand, then slowly turns his pale gaze over them. “I’m Cain, and this is The First Blade Axe Throwing Company. Follow me.” He gestures roughly toward the throwing range across the pasture. Dean exchanges a wary look with Castiel, but ends up taking the lead in following Cain across the grounds.
Dean dips his chin. “Wanna head back?”
“I’m sorry, but—”
“Why am I here?” Castiel asks, more coldly than he intended. “Can I go back to them?”
Castiel exhales loudly. He hates having to ask this. “Have I ever… told Dean that I loved him?”
Dean feels wrong-footed as soon as he enters the meeting room, the last one to arrive and sweaty to boot. Raphael sits at the head of the conference table. The department heads for products and implementations—Naomi and Marv, respectively—sit to either side of him. Bart is positioned next to Naomi, presumably here at Raphael’s behest to provide details regarding special projects.
Like hell is he going to take this lying down.
“Fucking tired of hauling water,” Dean complained to Cas, while they were both dragging five-gallon pails out to the mulberry bushes. (Dean, actually dragging, while Cas made a show out of pretending the paltry pail needed even a fraction of his strength.)
A crown of needles embedded in his brow.
Castiel looks up. “Yes. Why?”
“He’s hopeless,” Victor says, laughing, “I mean, real hopeless. Gotta hope you’re better with computers than him.”
He won’t ever see him again.
The sudden vested interest from Adler regarding legacy’s day to day, asking Dean for feedback regarding Castiel’s work performance in particular for the past couple months. Hard evidence and paper trails that might speak poorly about their soon-to-be ex-SA.
Dean winces. “Not what I meant. Just—here, come over.” He waves Castiel over to the empty target, drawing a hatchet out from the small barrel beside the throwing line. “Line up, like you normally would.”
Heart pounding, Dean keeps his gun trained on the monster beside Jack, ready to fire despite Patience’s forewarning, but the creature seems docile, almost curious. It cranes its neck over Jack’s head, its humanoid face bowed close, sniffing. Dean slows down as they close in, his brain stuttering through its attempts to process the sight before him.
“Damn. Should’ve packed a picnic.”
“Not much,” Dean answers honestly. “Phase two dev is already done, so Mir’s kinda sitting on her hands waiting for work to come in. She’s got too much on-the-go to go back to updating legacy, but not enough to keep her busy full-time.”
"Here's the man himself, back from the dead." Inias grins widely and claps Dean on the shoulder. "Welcome back, Dean."
They deposit their hauls onto the kitchen table. Dean unpacks the snacks into the kitchen, while Castiel unwraps the pot of daisies and sets it by the lone available window in the hall to the bedroom and bathroom. He pokes at the soil in the pot, fingers testing its moisture levels and finding it satisfactory.
He grabs Dean by the arm, swinging him around, and Dean has the briefest moment to contemplate how exactly they got here before Garth wraps him up in his arms and reels him in tight.
Dean’s fork bites into the dessert, the pie crust flaking into perfection. “Holy shit,” he says. “I take back everything I said.”
“Hey Dean! It’s Max. I’m just east on 52, uh, maybe five miles out, and the end cannot come soon enough. I’ve been—”
“Little early for hooch, ain’t it?” Dean says, flagging his fingers at Cas. Belatedly, he finds his missing shirt filled out by Cas, followed by his second-favorite pair of jeans.
Dean stomps ahead, kicking through the field. “What the hell? I look away for two seconds—”
Miriam scoffs. "Liar. I saw the commit log. Your hours were all over the place.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel said, his mouth pressed into Dean’s hair. “Let me get you a change of clothes. I’ll bring them back, and then I’ll go handle my own situation.”
Irritation flares inside Dean. Is Castiel really inviting him to spend another hour together?
Castiel yawns through asking, “Can I help you find something?” and the vowels stretch out like warm taffy. He forces himself to stand before he can second guess the benefit of fully waking for the day.
Sam must know that Dean’s tuning him out because he stops talking. They rest in the quiet together, and when Dean turns off the lamp, Sam allows it.
Dean tells himself, as his teeth clatter and his body trembles, his mind thrust sharply into consciousness, that it was just a dream. His subconscious doesn’t know what’s good for him. It just makes up whatever it wants to get him laid.
“Well, at least it’s nothing physically harmful,” Rowena concludes, the purple glow from her hands and eyes slowly fading. She nods as she backs away from Cas and Dean, seemingly satisfied with her response.
“Ooh, goody,” Garth says excitedly.
Ahead, Dean spies a tan trench coat, sprawled forgotten among the cool roots of the trees. Shapes move beyond the treeline, colors flickering across his vision.
Dean gives a lopsided grin, his pulse loudly thumping. “Why, what’re you thinking?”
“Because all traces of her existence wiped out not five hours later. Case and point, the text I just sent.”
Hank crooks around in his chair until he spies a petite woman with red hair, well-dressed, sitting on her own in the coffee shop’s window seat. In a town like Lebanon she sticks out like a sore thumb, sure, seeing how dust and denim are the typical evening wear, and while her accent is unusual enough that Hank might’ve offered a clipped
The girl nods, her shoulders dropping. “Good enough.”
With nowhere to go, Dean heads outside and plants his ass along the cool curb, a cup of black coffee tucked between his legs. The storm has passed, the air left muggy. Dean’s head yet aches despite how he’s healed, and an airy tone still rings in the back of his ears. He feels like he could pass out for a month and not be any better rested. At this point, the full-body aches are a given.
“Alright, okay.” Dean ducks his head, peacemaking. “We’re just worried, s’all. You took a big hit.”
The brothers turn toward each other, baffled. Sam glances at the spot where Stevie last stood, but she left once Castiel was confirmed stable, escaping from the brothers as quickly as she could. Another unsure look, then: “What happened on the case?”
The trucker cap guy, Bobby, stands from his and Mary’s table, and begins rapping loudly on his glass, calling the room to attention. The crowd silences in fits and spurts until it’s quiet enough for Jody to speak.
Mary’s smile widens knowingly. “It’s perfect, Cas. And yes—” she holds up a hand, cutting him off “—before you ask: Dean loves it. He’s been waiting for you. Impatiently,” she adds, a twinkle in her eye. “Though he’d never let you know that.”
“Uh, yeah. We’re scheduled for it.” The first Thursday of every month marks the closure of a given cycle. Pre-production locks at the end of day, with production then scheduled at midnight.
Dean turns his attention back to the compiler, checking on the state of the conversion. The log files for the first file are good, so he copies the new file version into his local directory and boots up a standalone copy of the legacy application. The program chimes with alerts advising of each developer setting that override its usual functionality. Dean clicks on them all in a rush, wanting to cut to the testing.
“You didn’t ask for it,” Castiel says quietly, “but people know now, about you, and they still love you. My family, they…”
“Was he here?” Dean calls behind him. “Did he go this way?”
Somehow Castiel pulls a fast one on him anyways, tugging Dean into the kitchen on a night when they’re alone in the bunker, Jack in his room at the same time Sam is out on another date with Eileen.
?” He tuts. “I’d end up with some lousy carrot cake just so he could sneak some vegetables in.”
Dean’s fine. Really. He doesn’t need to stand for his coworker’s running commentary on his health, or their attempts to intercede in what feels like a senseless crime, Dean staying at work with the sniffles.
Novak slaps the hand away, growling beneath his breath in lieu of answering. He shoots Dean a dark scowl as he departs for his locker by Benny’s, having measured the point of their conversation all but lost.
it. He would be perfect for Cas. He could be perfect for Cas.
“Oh.” Castiel accepts the handshake, long fingers wrapping around Dean’s hand, palm wide and warm. His gaze catches on Dean, his cheeks slightly pink. “Anytime.”
Dean attempts to collect himself, as Cas flips through the pages. He swallows hard, fishing for what to say. “Cas, I—” he begins, not knowing how he’ll get there, only that he has to say it now, before he loses his chance again.
It surprises him, then, that Castiel says, “You did good tonight. On the ice. The part you were there for, at least.”
“Alright, c’mon.” Dean tapped his knuckles against Castiel’s side. “Get dressed. We got about twenty miles to figure out how to explain to Sam how the cursed relic’s gone and the car now reeks of sex.”
All traces of Libby Lynn’s existence have now officially disappeared.
Out of the blue, Dean gets an email from Bart one morning that has nothing to do with the BEAU project. The email has been forwarded from the resource integration team, and as Dean reads it he feels all the blood drain from his face.
Too late, Dean realizes he missed the cutoff at five.
“Go,” Castiel barks, waving them back for the library. But Dean doesn’t want to go. Shock won’t let him go.
No one but them will ever figure out a way to get Abbie back.
“Not surprised,” Dean says. “Must’ve been there since before Sam moved out.”
Cas turned toward him, a look of condescension briefly contorting his otherwise blank face. His gaze flickered over the mud covering Dean, then drifted away without comment. Residual rainwater dripped down from his shoulders. He continued to fiddle with the phone in his good hand.
Amara shakes out her shoulders, brushing strands of loose hair from her face.
The feeling that he’s getting phased out grows stronger with each passing day.
“Maybe,” Castiel agrees, light and careful. “But it’s challenging, handling all the tasks they give you. Adler is so absent… I can see how wires can get crossed, and tempers might boil over.”
Castiel hums, playfully light. “Even now, you try to hold everyone together. It’s such an intrinsic part of you, that you care so much about your team.”
Conversations renew and pool games begin anew, and when the twins start an impromptu dance party Donnie turns the sound system up a little higher, drawing more of a crowd in with them. The servers prep fresh pitchers for the thirsty dancers, and with the lull in service, Donnie considers trying to talk again with Cas, but Cas still only has eyes for whatever Dean is doing at the moment, his affection clear across the room. (Dean, as it turns out, is dancing with Donna, the two of them attempting to out-embarrass each other with some spin on a macarena-chickendance.)
Dean sighs, wishing he didn’t agree so wholeheartedly.
“Exactly,” Sam says. “I’m thinking the token uses the fact we’re hunters to keep us away from anything we’d use to find out who did this. It’s also probably why we remember Abbie after everybody else forgot.”
Slowly, a thought solidifies, forming some small kernel of belief. Castiel’s back straightens, his face lifting to the warmth of the sun, eyes squinted against the blue. “Maybe you’re right, Dean. We're all just making it up as we go. Maybe it’s okay if Heaven does the same.”
The angels present—Indra and Phanuel and Zadkiel among them, Naomi situated at the far end—eye Castiel with suspicion. With so few of them left, they have sensed whenever one of their ranks has fallen. When one such as Castiel has died.
Even with his instincts on high alert, it caught him by surprise when Cas entered the kitchen. Coming up too-close behind Dean, still wrapped in that faded grey comforter from neck to ankles.
“You felt you had to take care of him?” asks Castiel.
Cas rubbed along the crack of Dean’s ass, his thumb tantalizingly teasing Dean’s hole. Then the first few fingers slipped inside of him, and Dean bucked against the intrusion, rushing headlong into
“It’s fine, Dean,” Cas says quietly. “I don’t mind.”
Sam stares at him. Cas furrows his brow, his head tilted.
“Oh, hi,” Castiel says, peering around the basket. “You’re awake. How are you feeling?”
Inias rolls his eyes. “Last three analysts have been guys.”
Sam chuckles lightly, scrubs at his eyes. “Just this case, kicking my ass. The partners are pushing for more and more discovery to be filed.”
Except apparently Raphael doesn’t think Dean’s ready for it yet.
“They found her.”
Anael crosses her arms. “Normally I’d say Adler, but he isn’t on the chain. And if it wasn’t you…” She jerks her head toward the doorway.
Sam bangs his head against the roof of the Impala. He struggles to both turn off the shop vac and to right himself outside of the car. “
“Great,” Dean says, less cheerfully. Bart gives his too-bright sign-off. The phone falls limply from Dean’s fingers back into its cradle.
Sparks crackle across Dean’s vision, sapping his energy as quickly as it came. He hits the pillow like a sledgehammer and cries out, the sensation rattling through him.
“Can Jack help you heal?” Mary asks. Both Cas and Jack shake their heads.
“I’d say pretty damn high,” Sam says.
“Dessert?” Castiel motions to Dean’s empty plate, plucking it up. “There’s date squares, brownies, and pie,” he says as he turns his back, heading for the sink.
“Eight,” Novak continues behind him. “Latest statistics show eight penalties occur per league game. And how many did you receive today, Winchester?”
—Dean has come to lo—to admire in Castiel.
They laid quiet together, comfortable. Dean nudged a knee between Cas’ legs and felt himself be welcomed into the space, the semi Cas was sporting now nestled against his own chubbed up cock, resting at the crook of Dean’s thigh.
“Well, no,” Donna admits. “Jody called for backup, something about getting some kids up on their feet again. But you all are following us back down to Sioux Falls, am I right? There’s still that barbeque I distinctly remember you reneging on.”
With difficulty, Dean drags his attention away. Cupped within the queen’s palms is a spindly brown sapling, a supple stick topped by no more than half a dozen pale green leaves. The entirety of the Tree is grounded by a ball of damp black earth, bundled richly in her grip.
When another moment passed and Cas still wasn’t touching him, Dean moaned and drove his shoulders down lower, his ass slick and wet and
Sam gives a sympathetic look. “If it’s a couples retreat, why can’t you and Bess just check it out yourselves?”
Dean snorts. “When he starts, I’ll finish.”
“I think you would be really good at it,” Castiel says, quiet, and something within Dean snaps.
“I’m happy for you.”
Blessedly or not, Hank is saved from having to supply Kurt a response when Suzie’s door rings open again, this time with three girls who come crashing in, and with Two of Them hot on their tails. The girls pause for half a heartbeat, maybe, looking around, and then the one with dark straight hair makes a beeline for the maybe-cops’ table. She’s out of breath as she announces, her tone a touch beneath aggressive-panic, “Deadline’s up and we still don’t have burgers, and the stove’s totally out of commission. Alicia says they can buy us another two hours, maybe, but there’s no way we can—”
Castiel stares down at his desk, eyes darting blankly as he thinks. “I’m sorry, Dean. I thought it was understood. Bart was moved onto special projects in order to kickstart BEAU. Raphael outlined his expectations for BEAU during my interview.”
Considering his black gardening thumb, Dean can’t be convinced about a promise that plant caretaking is easy, but he’ll give Castiel the benefit of the doubt.
hitting him all over again. That didn’t happen, did it? Cas didn’t really mean...
“Alrighty then,” he says, clapping his hands together. “Into the van with you, come on, come on. Fill up those back seats first.”
Jody stands up on a side ledge, bringing her a head above everyone. “It’s not often, in this line of work, that you make it more than a decade. And it’s rarer still to be born into it and last more than three.” She raises her beer. “So here’s to you, Dean, for beating the odds and bringing us all together. And for showing us that this job doesn’t have to take your heart—you can keep it open for the strangers that come your way. To Dean!”
Cas brought a hand up to Dean’s face, brushing his thumb along the high bones of his cheek. “Are you still okay with me kissing you?”
He waited for Cas. Softening. Just breathing.
Castiel has to know. He has to know how this last fight—this last makeup—is different, somehow. They’re different. A bond has been remade in Purgatory, never to be broken again.
eaten?”
Patience rolls her eyes. “Maybe. But it’s not just that. It’s…”
The children around the tree keep chatting and playing, oblivious to their guests. Dean flags his fingers at Jack and starts marching through the grass towards them. He calls out the Lynn sisters’ names.
Castiel breathes relief; he dislikes the idea too.
?” Miriam proclaims, aghast. “Are we taking turns chucking them at each other?”
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs, and in a swift motion he completes two actions in succession.
A dull vibration cuts through the gloom, a noise Dean has all but tuned out for the minutes—hours? days?—since Cas was taken from him. He turns back on wooden legs, reaches down stiffly for his cell phone.
“Want you,” Dean panted, back arching even as Cas’ hands drove him down. “Want you inside me.” He pawed clumsily at his sweats, trying to pull them off without dislodging himself from his seat atop Cas’ dick.
Dean thinks about it. “We’ll need somebody in deployment who can pause the move to production. Hester, maybe, though we probably need to let Uriel know, since he’s the department lead and we’ll need his final say. Also need a QA, maybe two. Anael could confirm on the alpha site, but we’ll need a pre-prod QA since she doesn’t test beyond beta.”
“Hey, don’t waste food!” Dean tells her, checking on the damaged goods, the fries now loose from their carton but the breakfast burger looking mostly intact.
started happening, they sideswiped me with an HR representative explaining that I would be removed from the services override list. That my part in your pro bono contract was over, and I wasn’t going to be meeting you anymore.”
“I dunno, somebody on your floor?” Sam says. “He made it sound like you’ve had pneumonia for a while.”
“I understand,” says Castiel, thinking of the other world’s Michael, who believed the same. “Our Father—Chuck made it necessary to guess at his true intentions. But now we no longer have to guess. In his absence, we are again honorbound to watch over his creations.”
“What the hell is Project BEAU?” she snaps, the door rattling in its frame.
“And?” the other man says expectantly.
It hurts more than anything ought to. He grunts and strains against it. The machines beep out indignations.
“Sorry,” Adler says, cutting in. “Not my department.”
“Welcome, welcome. Now, who are these fine fellas?” Joyce asks, her gaze flickering down to the red name tag marking Dean as human, the yellow for Garth as werewolf.
The voice, Claire, begins laughing. “That just means you fit right in.”
How could that be the same guy Dean knows from legacy, someone too antisocial to leave his office if not to refill his coffee?
As Dean gets closer, he can tell Cas isn’t breathing. Must be doing the bored-but-meditating wait he does sometimes instead of imitating sleep, the kind that scares the shit out of Dean whenever he reaches for Cas in the dark.
Castiel accepts all their suggestions with grace, following each tirade with a solemn “Thank you.” He answers all their inquiries in a quiet voice, his hands fumbling together beneath the table. Dean can sense the tremble in his arms, the way Castiel’s fists tighten in his lap. A strong urge within him wants to reach out and comfort him. A bigger part of him knows what a mistake that would be to make.
The girl nods, sobering on the silence. “Well, when you move, keep in touch, y'know? I mean, if they’re good to you. If they’re good, then don’t forget them when you’re gone.”
“Need to,” Dean mumbles. He rubs at his face, the corners his mouth downturned. “Fucked up the last time at P&I.”
Slowly, Dean fishes himself loose from the arm draped over his waist. He pushes himself out of bed. Stumbles around, foot caught in his bedsheets, twisting around in half-steps. He finds his sink after a meandering path past his dresser and desk, splashes cool water on his face until he feels more like himself.
“But I don’t,” Dean says limply, tugging at his grip. “I’m not…”
“Dean,” Castiel grumps.
When Dean towelled off his face with his shirt, the henley pulled back a bloody red. A glance in the mirror revealed a thick cut bleeding sluggishly between his brow and hairline, the welt set like a feverish slice amid the bruises on his face, above an eye socket already deepening to sickly purple hues.
For the two weeks left on phase one, Dean spends every spare moment on the upcoming two phases. Between client bugs and the implementations team’s latest work orders, his spare time is not enough to make real progress, so Dean locks himself in his office for long stretches at a time, dedicating his lunch hour to phase two and his evenings to two and three.
Dean groans. His head thumps to the table. “I’m in Hell.”
Too many things are begging to be spoken. Dean’s left too much between them unsaid. He swallows hard, bullying his voice back to steady. “How long?”
On the days that Dean actually has work to do, Cas will order in takeout for the two of them. He sets up his laptop on the corner of Dean’s desk and camps out there for however long Dean is likewise working, updating whatever documentation seems to fill his time until their delivery driver makes an appearance downstairs.
“At least it’s being useful,” Cas replies. He brushes up beside Dean. “Not joining the negotiations?”
“Me too, Cas,” he says thickly. “Me too.”
“The zip file filled with tables. The ones with all the group codes.”
Dean’s funeral is an achingly small affair, arranged for Sam alone. It’s the only reason Castiel can think of why the rest of their loved ones are not present; Sam has nursed his grief in private, his heart cradled in the loss that has befallen him.
"Can't believe you went to such extremes to get away from us," Anael smirks. “You know you could just ask for a vacation day, right?”
He finds Dean at a salvage yard, of all places, set far beyond the outskirts of town. Sunset is taking place in this fragment of heaven, the horizon a peachy summer hue skimming off a lakefront not far from the road that brought Castiel here.
His bed is warm, cozy enough for two. He has no intentions of leaving it for something as mundane as a work day.
Nathaniel and Steve glance at each other. Hesitantly, Steve asks, “Is this your… first wife, Sam? The one with all the… roofies?”
They have also sensed the upgrade to his powers, Castiel himself raised by Jack’s will from seraph to archangel, his wings restored along with the rest of the host’s. Duty and instinct have the chorus before him bowing their heads as Castiel walks around the room, even as their personal relationships strain to accept the change.
“Was not,” Dean lies.
Castiel frowns, brows knitting together, and goddamn the sight of it lands light a fist, punching out Dean’s breath. It’s Cas, but he’s not who he was. He couldn’t be after such a power upgrade. Is it a trick? Is it—
Castiel says, “You need to stay under observation for at least a day.”
“You sent your brother away so that you could talk to me,” Cas murmurs, long fingers curling around Dean’s wrist, pulling up his hand so that he might thread their fingers together. “You couldn’t stand him being in the same building as whatever you were trying to say.”
Dean leans in closer, towering over where Castiel sits. “Yeah, because
It’s Jack who saves Dean from explaining. “There was a deal. To save me. A while ago.” Then, more quietly: “I’m so sorry. I wasn't worth it.”
A couple glance skeptically at each other. Hester answers eventually, “It became all that she wanted. What she was obsessed with.”
. But it’s enough to keep him laughing, buoyed by the giddy feeling of getting under Castiel’s skin in just the right way. It’s been too long since they’ve laughed together. Since he’s had Castiel smiling at him in a way that wasn’t tinged with regret.
Dean scrubbed his face, sighing. He knelt down, hoping to catch Cas’ attention, but Cas was staring down with those mournful eyes, drifting and aimless. His good hand slid down to the shitty drawing Dean had doodled on his inner forearm—some rusty replica of the Continental, its tailpipe puffing ink-clouds into the crook of Cas’ elbow.
Dean shakes his head. “If we can see them on the cameras, then why wouldn’t the cops also see them?”
Cas hesitates only a moment before reciprocating. He seems out of sorts with his new outfit: the familiar trench coat now drenched black, rumpled tie likewise dipped in ink. A stainless steel scythe swapped in for an angel blade, the weapon discarded to the floor.
He’s devastated.
“Nothing,” Castiel says. He pockets the cassette away.
“You know. My apartment. You’ve been there before.”
Indra and Gail end up in the two seats ahead of them, with Dumah claiming the passenger front. Unsurprisingly, management takes the entire second van for themselves, which is fine by Dean. He doesn't think he could manage an hour-long drive with both Bart and Zach sitting in the same vehicle, barking out laughter over the same stupid management jokes that have been retold at every social gathering the company’s had in the past five years. Just having Bart there with his sycophantic smiles and constant schmoozing is enough to make Dean carsick.
Dean’s eyes are bright, shining even when dropped down to the beer in his hands. When he looks up, his expression sobers. He looks uncharacteristically sincere. “Uh. Like Jody said, I wasn’t planning to make it to forty. Better people than me didn’t. So.” He clears his throat. “The odds say that I shouldn’t’ve, not after everything me and Sam have done, but we’re here. So. Thank you. For seeing it through with me. And here’s hoping we’ll all be here to celebrate again next year.”
Val feels her cheeks burn in the quiet. She didn’t want to look stupid in front of such a cool girl.
Dean swears the guy’s thighs don’t look so thick when he’s wearing dress slacks; he’ll have to confirm as much when Monday rolls around.
Novak spares a moment to ground himself in the crowded locker room, his hands flexing at his sides. “Just—stop picking fights, alright? If only for your team.”
A hand on Dean’s forehead has Castiel cursing. “You’re
All of humanity has been handled through one conventional format, the excitement and nuance and need of each individual hammered into one boilerplate ending:
“Perfect,” Bart chimes. “I’ll forward you my old contacts with products and implementations. You’ll set him up for me, right? Walk him through all the usual procedures?”
Cas nods. “Abigail Lynn.”
“You’re not finding it structured?” Dean asks, surprised. Legacy works might not be the most organized or well-funded of all the projects, but their corner of the system has its own predictable ebb and flow.
Castiel’s brows are pinched, his eyes hooded and mournful. His words come out haltingly. “I wish it was better timing. That I didn’t have my brother looking at me like I’m…” He drops his gaze. “Maybe once this blows over, we could...?”
After the trial, Castiel asks, “Did it feel like you were wholly in control?”
Once upstairs, Miriam and Inias escape to their cubicles, leaving Dean on his own route back to his desk.
Another tight shrug, Cas’s blue eyes averted no matter how Dean tries to catch their focus.
Dean retreats around the time Cas starts lingering in wakefulness, his consciousness returning for increasingly longer bouts. He figures it’s about time he left Cas’ bed anyway, beyond the easy out it gives should Cas wish to discontinue their closeness—recovery or no, Dean’s not one to permit himself much idleness, so he straps on his boots and makes his way over to Claire and Patience’s room, now also occupied by Alex and Kaia, to catch up on the case.
Dean curses, and climbs in after Cas, ending up in the bitch seat of the back of the van.
“I’m sorry. I just found out the file I gave her is wrong. The rate tables don’t match.” A heavy breath, then: “What do we do?”
“I’ve tried,” Jack says, “and not just on Cas. But my powers can’t fix whatever the perimeter has done.”
“I know.” Dean stares out at the pool, the low hum of the filter drowned out by the pulse throbbing in his ears. “I don’t know. It just… went wrong.”
Cas crooks a smile at that, catching Dean unaware. Dean readies his indignation, halfway through building a shout, when Cas rises from his chair and crowds up next to him, his faint grin blinding so up close.
Hesitant, Castiel reached out to touch him as well. Gravely, he asked, “Should we kiss?”
His room is much the same as he remembers it, now that he woke remembering it at all: spartan in style and furniture, devoid of all personal touches. There’s nothing here that speaks of Castiel, no detritus that advises him of what has passed in the years he’s lost since Rowena’s attack dog spell.
A pause, then Castiel says, careful, “I wanted to know, when I put my notice in… Are you okay if I recommend you as my replacement? For legacy’s SA?”
It’s late in the night, the merriment growing sleepy and sluggish, before Dean manages to locate Cas. He stands offside from the spotlight, watching the revelers, a small, contented smile basking on his face. His scythe lays abandoned in a corner of the library, no longer needed now that God is gone.
"Should we change now?" Dumah asks, glancing between legacy and management with the same thoughts on her mind.
“Cool,” Alicia says.
Dean then looks over Cas, noting the bruises that have faded beneath his eyes, how his breathing comes through clearer now. He brushes a stray lock off Cas’ brow, all the while a powerful emotion building within him, this rush of heartsickness that never truly seems to fade.
,” Dean pants straight into the shell of Cas’ ear, taking the opportunity to nip at the lobe.
For the cancelled appointments. For the ignored texts and missed calls. For saying that this wasn’t his rut, even though it clearly was.
“It’s not the pasta night I envisioned,” says Castiel, “but still a good enough excuse to break out the wine.”
“Do you want to... “ Castiel pauses, mulling. “But Heaven must allow you to continue making mistakes.”
heading out for breakfast, but in Dean’s defense he hardly slept a wink amid the wood-panelled atrocity this place calls a cabin.
He shuts his eyes and breathes in sharply, reminding himself not to panic. A thermometer reading says Dean’s temperature is not dangerously overwarm, and his cough is not life-threatening. Castiel settles on reviewing medical websites for suggestions about when to seek hospital intervention, and closes his phone only once he’s memorized which vital signs must worsen before Dean should be taken to the emergency room.
Dean shifts awkwardly beside him. “I didn’t know you worked for a second brother.”
They say nothing about it, just listen through both sides of the tape.
Dean elbows Inias, who breaks from his conversation with Miriam to see what’s going on.
“Ah.” Dean huffs a breath, shakes his head. “Nah, first we had Sam’s, and we didn’t have time after, so I—um. I didn’t end up having a party at all.”
“We’ve been to Hell,” Cas advises. “This is worse.”
Castiel shrugs. “Could you join me for supper?”
As Dean wraps up, he notices the light still on in the corner office. The brightness makes his head throb alongside the revelation.
“Sonofabitch,” Dean mutters once he’s alone, dropping back into the chair at his desk.
Behind him, little more than an arm’s reach away, Cas shuffles where he also is resting, prone and outstretched along the bed. Dean knows without looking behind him that Cas has laid down along the edge of the bed, his head on the farthest side of the pillow. He can feel, in the dark, how the entirety of Cas’s body bends purposefully away from Dean’s. How unnatural that forced space between them feels.
Cas sits alone on the far bed, frowning as he listens. He rubs at his ear, and then at his mouth, then flicks his thumb across one nostril. It’s an innocuous gesture on anybody else, but it’s so close to fidgeting for Cas that it seizes Dean's attention.
Dean had drawn it sometime after their long haul through the emergency room, after spending hours distracting Cas as best he could, telling stories about all the bad breaks he and Sam had accrued between them over the years. Cas had flashed pallid smiles and squeezed Dean’s hand whenever his pain had spiked, and when Cas had finally succumbed to exhaustion Dean had drawn him in tight, keeping him close while a restless energy kept Dean himself awake.
Claire catches him before he stumbles. “Damn. We were hoping you’d be exempt.”
Cas shifts around, awkward. He meets Dean’s eye, then looks aside. His voice is low and raspy, unused. “Sam told me to meet him here.”
“Hi,” Dean says blankly, hand taken and vigorously shaken by the woman.
Staring at his phone, Sam shakes his head. “Theresa Maurier moved away about eight years back, but there’s no record of her house being abandoned or foreclosed.”
Dean lingers by the water fountain, wandering by customer service on his way out the door. His gaze snags on the missing persons flyers hanging from a poster board, the rows of smiling young faces, the names and dates and years that have passed since they all were last seen. Dean counts them on a whim.
‘Not really’, meaning ‘kind of’.
The corner of Cas’ mouth lilts when he notices Dean looking. He lifts a hand from his knee and gives a small wave.
Dean gapes like a fish, grasping for words. “Just—the presentation! The P&I meeting—”
“She doesn’t remember anything about her kidnappers,” Sam announces as soon as he hangs up. “Cas says she just confirmed the story in the file. She was fifteen and got lost in the fields outside of her aunt’s farm, couple miles south of the city. Lost a day or so from her memory and threw her family into a tizzy, at least until she somehow found herself home again. The next day nobody even remembered that she had gone missing. Rebecca figured she’d gone crazy, so she went out searching for whatever thing took her, but gave up within a week and came back.”
They show up over an hour late at the same field they’d found before. Dean parks behind Jody’s truck and climbs out, feeling conspicuous no matter the excuse he might give for their delay.
“Uh,” Sam says. “Let me backtrack that.”
“What are you doing tonight?” Castiel asks as he steps into the elevator beside Dean, tugging on his tan overcoat.
Castiel groaned, his grip faltering. Dean used the failure to push Castiel onto his back, hands planted atop Castiel’s shoulders. The blanket bowed upwards as Dean fitted his hips atop Castiel’s, his heat soaking through his briefs and sopping onto Castiel’s trousers.
It’s over at least. Dean has gotten through both his and Inias’ outstanding production bugs lists. He closes the compiler and posts his final updates to the work order site. His latest comments on all defects advise Anael she can test them on the alpha site first thing in the morning.
to get here and see this.”
Castiel sets alarms for each of the medications he has to take for his injuries. He passes time by playing phone games, or watching shows using Sam’s streaming accounts. He lies in bed with a pillow propped on his abdomen, sifting through photos on his phone, putting faces to names. He tries piecing together who is based on who he was, at the time each of these photos were taken.
Dean scrunches his face up. “Who’d you talk to?”
The place hasn’t fallen apart without him.
Dean keeps their hands together, even as the bonfire comes into view, the site crowned by actually-vintage lights and rows of citronella torches keeping the mosquitoes at bay. Somebody’s phone plays tinny music beneath the din of conversation. Alex and Alicia give welcoming cheers as Dean and Cas arrive.
“Yeah,” Dean said, grin glowing. “We should definitely start doing that.”
Dean turns off his timer and hauls ass for the stovetop, busying himself with his mac and cheese—draining the water, mixing in the sauce. Taking longer than he needs to rinse out the pot, just to wait out the worry he knows Sam and Eileen are exchanging with each other solely through signs.
“Okay,” Castiel deadpans. “That’s not going to work.”
The look of Cas now brought Dean back to that waiting room, to how Cas had looked beneath those flickering fluorescent lights: fragile and small, inconsolably human; ageless and endless and incapable of comprehending how any arm could be broken, let alone his.
“So, what, you’re thinking some witch out there built a couple barriers based on an
Dean stumbles, though there’s nothing underfoot. He swears and returns his focus onto Claire: the back of her leather jacket, the cocky smile she lends him when she glances back, as if to confirm he’s still following.
Dean laughs, shaking his head. “When’s the last time you remember getting a bonus?”
Max gives Dean a pointed look, then turns to his sister. “Alicia, if you want, can you tell Dean what I told you about Abbie?”
“Just punching up the sauce,” Dean said, his back stiff. “Nothing fancy.”
He tried forcing shut the door, but the alpha—Castiel—had jimmied his foot in the way, giving him further opportunity to talk. “A moment, please. I understand this is a difficult time for you, but—”
“Yeah,” Sam agrees. “The way you spoke about him before, I thought he hated you.”
The scent of rut was all Dean could breathe, this close to Cas. Fear spiked within him in incremental waves, growing smaller, more infrequent, as Dean’s own arousal crawled out from its cautious cave. Cas stirred with one of these spikes, nosing at Dean’s neck. He pulled back, far enough to closely scan Dean’s face. Dean felt himself shying away from the attention, even as Cas asked, “Are you afraid? To be around me, like this.”
Dean moans, “Can we not talk about this while your
“Guilty as charged,” Charlie laughs. “I also help out at the technology center. Just when I’m feeling bored.”
“Delicious?” Dean can’t help it; the stovetop smells divine.
“You’re out farther than even I could handle,” Claire warns behind him. “Better come back before you pass out.”
“Whoa, hey, hey,” Dean begins, reaching out, “you’re drunk, man. Let’s just settle this outside—”
“He’s… quiet,” Hannah finishes lamely.
Castiel watches from where he is hidden, reviewing the woman’s response to the arrival of an angel. Time passes in instants and eternities. Anael hangs by Castiel’s side, likewise watching Akobel allow the human to set boundaries regarding her heartbreak; he merely waits in hopes she might someday air her grievances, encouraging her to approach him at her own pace.
“This new God,” Uriel says slowly, contemptuous. “How can we trust he is any better than the old one?”
“Wait, what? Oh no. No, no, no.” Dean holds out his hands, barring Cas from the door. “Did you notice the address of those streets? They’re all well within the puke perimeter.”
“First time,” Dean reluctantly answered, looking away. “A moment of weakness.” He’d been pitiful since his heat started, hands locked into his sheets, hips digging his cock fruitlessly into the mattress. Willing to seek out any sort of reprieve, including professionals that offered too much intimacy for Dean to ever accept.
His jaw locked, his hands trembling, Dean grits out a cold fact he scarcely wants to think. “You traded yourself for him.”
Max hums. He returns the leather tongue of the shoe to the bag, then picks through for another piece. “You ever hear of aegritudonal magics, Sam? No? Then you better get comfy, because I have a lot to say.”
“Mm,” Castiel says. “Warm.”
Castiel pushes the styrofoam plate across his desk, large hands twisting it so its plastic fork is positioned ready for Dean to grab. Castiel then takes a small step back and, as if only realizing he still has it on, quickly removes the party hat, setting it on the corner of Dean’s desk.
The TV clicks over in that moment, so abrupt that even Cas is taken aback. The reporters halt mid-thought, the air hanging dead for a solid three seconds. Then the heated discussion about the abductor slides away, the topic switching over to the regularly scheduled news program. The newscasters discuss the weekend weather forecast in chipper tones.
Claire snorts, quirking a small smile. “The 70s, maybe. Must be
Miles of gravel pass with neither of them speaking. Cas’ grace bottle rattles on the seat between them, rocking against the belt clasp with each bump in the road. Dean fans his fingers out along the steering wheel, pretending for the moment that he can touch the tension that has grown between them, this terrible gray space where they’ve made amends without actually making amends.
Dean narrows his gaze. “Why d’you think you’re gonna get in trouble? You caught the bug before it went to production.”
Between raspy breaths, Sam asks, “What was that? How did you find it? Where?”
This close to twilight, Dean keeps the drive simple and picks a suburban area on the northwest end of the city, one of the few places along the perimeter that seldom fluctuates. He makes a point of not speaking, keeping the radio turned up and his gaze trained on the road ahead.
Once they finish, Patience pulls up the school’s directory and blueprints, and from there she determines the likely exit route from the cafeteria’s location. Sam hacks the traffic cameras nearby, though the footage he finds from the time period in question has been already wiped clean. There isn't even a chunk of video missing from the afternoon when Abbie was abducted.
Dean’s head thumps onto the mattress, and he wakes rapidly, chest heaving, his body askew beneath his blankets.
Sam shrugs. “We could.”
“Sam was the one who found the case,” Cas grumbled.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel says. “That must have been difficult for you.”
A pause. Then: “Did you read my letter? It’s okay if you didn’t.”
The faint mumblings of his hatred for Benadryl are cute; the coughing he expels straight into Castiel’s shirt collar are not.
“These? No.” Castiel sets his messenger bag on the floor, then focuses on making space on the counter for the latest basket arrival. “Legacy sent most of the gifts yesterday—turns out they wanted to commemorate your first actual sick day. But this one is from Adler and the rest of management. I believe Anael guilted them into choosing it.”
Dean savors the feeling for a moment, burying his face into the pillows and breathing in deep. The fabric smells different, for some reason. Not his usual brand of softener. Stranger yet, there’s the spicy tang of a cologne Dean doesn’t recognize beneath it, one that has him nuzzling the sheets for a deeper hit of the scent.
Cas is—
“Never said why.”
Sam’s expression scrunches. “No. I mean, not that I know of. No.”
“We have to go to Donnie’s,” Kurt stage-whispers, his napkin crumpling with the veracity of his claims. “
“Cas, c’mon.” Dean leans down, close to Cas’s ear. He fits his hand around Cas’s shoulder, tugging gently. “The tethering is gone.”
“You can do it, I know you—”
Fat lot of good it did him anyway. Dean should have never thought he had a handle on legacy’s details.
He holds a finger up to Castiel, pausing him as he types back.
“Dude, a little privacy, please,” Dean growls over his shoulder. Even with his back to Cas, he feels too naked to continue undressing.
“We are, and she did,” Sam confirms. “But after, there was this kidnapping—”
His eyes seem more blue than usual, as Castiel stares him down until, relenting, Dean blows steam from the mug and takes another sip.
“Your profile,” Cas began, tapping at the screen, and Dean’s pulse quickened. “Can I confirm you made an update to your account’s companion preferences, time-stamped in the last month?”
So Dean tries, if not for his own sake then for Benny and the rest of the team. He lets the next home game flood with the chirps of the Red Wings ringing in his ears, his thoughts echoing with the insults swiped out between bench and ice.
“Good.” Castiel exhales harshly, his chin bowed on top of his folded hands. He looks drawn down and miserable, his naturally strong features now softened by despair.
“Apparently not,” Anael’s hands flutter as she talks, rising before they strike down, landing roughly on her hips. “Don’t give me that look. Do you even check your emails? Why haven’t you been responding?”
to Charlie as she passes over a mug of hot chocolate. She takes the armchair by the couch, settling in as Victor leans in closer to Dean, prodding him for Baby’s specs.
Castiel sighs, replacing the lid on the storage box he’d been digging through. “Because I died the day Jack was born.”
Dean stands stock-still in the door frame, slowly processing the sight before him. Alicia and Max grab an arm apiece and drag him forward goodnaturedly, stepping back as people start hugging Dean and shaking his hand. Dean accepts it all with a baffled look on his face, looking like he can’t be certain he deserves any of it. His face lights up as Mary approaches, hugging him, and then Sam comes up, whispering something as he offers a hug of his own him. Dean starts laughing as they pull apart. Jack then follows, going for his hug, which Dean solidifies with a lifting grip and a bearhug twist at the end.
. Beneath the higher tones of argument, and the short-haired cop’s aggressive attempts to soothe them, Hank picks out the ponytailed cop and the trench coat discussing where else in town they might feasibly gather a couple dozen of their kind.
Dean seems restful, the frown line between his brows finally smoothed, his breaths coming in soft bursts between gently parted lips. His pallor is better too, his eyelashes dark against his cheek, his freckles standing out in sharp relief. Castiel finally feels confident he can leave Dean on his own until the morning.
His temperature rises the deeper Dean reads into it, his blood beginning to boil.
“Aw, fudge.” Miriam’s expression crinkles with what might be amusement as easily as genuine disappointment. “Just when I was starting to like you, you go and take off on us.”
Claire continues complaining, but her cheeks are pink throughout.
Dean gets swept up in the departure of his family, the whole lot of them hugging and catcalling across their parking spaces in the field. He climbs into his baby with Cas in the seat beside him, Sam and Patience and Claire sliding into the back with easy banter. Claire accuses Dean of owing her a pizza for some bet he’d made while looped out on the perimeter, which turns into further bickering and a promise to pick up a pie from some pizzeria in Sioux Falls.
Castiel grazed his teeth along the taut muscle there, earning a deep groan from Dean and renewed fervor, his thrusts growing sloppy as he approached his crest.
Despite the strange feeling beginning to bubble through him, Castiel nodded slowly, fighting to control the inexplicable need to grin. This was what he needed: a human well-versed in the sexual needs Castiel was attempting. Someone who knew better than he did, who could settle once and for all whether this aspect of humanity was to simply be forever out of Castiel’s reach.
“Kale?” Dean nearly chokes. “You got me eating
Behind them, the bustling swarm slams an angel over the flaming threshold, its body landing in shrieking flames inside the storeroom.
Cas turns to look at him. “So did you.”
“Think you just renewed my concussion,” Dean pants, collapsing against Cas.
Dean swallows, tasting blood. He takes his time, his thoughts building along with each raspy intake of breath. “How long was I out?”
“So, Alicia,” Sam says without preamble.
Dean finds himself intractably drawn in.
Dean scoffs. “Of course you did. Not like I’m needed these days.”
“S’fine,” Dean says, tapping his knuckles against Castiel’s arm. He’s been watching closely whenever Castiel throws the hatchet, and his technique seems mostly in-line with what Cain instructed.
“Hmm? Oh. Dean.” Castiel closes the notepad. He smiles, hands together, and leans forward on to his desk. Then he looks over Dean, and his smile drops. “Is there a problem?”
“Do we need more triangulating,” Sam asks, “or is the path pretty much set?”
As Dean investigates the web services request, he finds it tied into some real old segments of code, stuff that he hasn’t looked at in a year or more. He has to really dig through the function dependencies to understand it, which of course means he gets so invested in said digging that he loses track of time. By the time Dean looks up from his desktop, his eyes stinging from staring so long at the screen, it’s dark outside and on the cubicle floor.
He can be better.
“For years, I told myself not to get greedy,” Cas murmurs, mouth against Dean’s cheek. “Told myself not to want more.”
Dean makes a noise, curious, in his throat. “What makes you think that?”
Dean lets Sam go, though it leaves him alone with Cas.
Dean plugs his way through eight hours each day, waiting for five o’clock to roll in. He dawdles around the coffee cubby before break time begins, glancing instinctually over at the empty office where Castiel used to sit, and chats overlong with Miriam and Anael when they come by to refill their cups. The rest of the time, he watches his email inbox listlessly, responding to each message seconds after each alert pings.
Dean wipes his mouth, his hand lingering. “Fuck.”
He can’t lift his head. His eyes are swollen shut. His arms feel like chalk bones wrapped in beef jerky. He chokes on claustrophobic breaths as he begins to awaken more, his teeth throbbing on each inhale.
Cas’ jaw tightens, his mouth thinning to an unhappy line. Dean watches the gears turn in his head, waits to put voice to what they’re both thinking. “Not like we have any better options, Cas. Not just anybody can fill your shoes.”
His gut curls instinctively as he crosses the former edge of the puke perimeter, but it’s almost fully dissipated now, nothing to worry about. Cas doesn’t turn to look as Dean approaches, just keeps his fingers sifting through the tall grass growing up around the fenced-in field.
The humidity is high in the meadow, the air sheltered on all sides by trees. Dean pulls at his shirt collar, wondering whether it would’ve been wise to bring a second t-shirt for when he inevitably sweats through his current attire.
“Great. Looking forward to it,” Dean drawls. “You’re taking your own car tomorrow, right?”
Dean sat in the suddenly vacated car, churning through anger and irritation until the humidity became too much to bear. He then gathered the remaining bags from the backseat and hauled his aching body inside.
Before Dean can even begin to craft a response to that, a middle aged woman up ahead in the center green loudly taps a microphone. A deafening screech plays over the outdoor speakers before her bubbly voice breaks through.
His hands curve over Dean from neck to navel, long fingers coming up and curling through the shorn hairs at the nape of Dean’s neck.
“No, it’s good—I’m good.” Dean fumbled, thinking of how Cas was touching him in too many places and yet it still wasn’t enough. “Like I said, my heat hasn’t spiked just yet.”
The last days of BEAU pass with little for Dean to do besides anticipate its ending.
The first week passes with a minimal number of defects being logged as a result of legacy’s latest reshuffling. Dean reviews the bugs Hannah has reported and divvies them out between Inias and himself, leaving Miriam free to handle an update unexpectedly added to their schedule by the implementations team.
In the email attachment, Dean finds a step-by-step breakdown of how the RI team will integrate what remains of legacy into the rest of the current system, replacing legacy with one of their newer projects building a similar routine. There are pages and pages of action items, each with columns filled with developer commentary breaking down precisely how the conversion from legacy into the system at large will go.
“Yeah, I know,” Dean says, sarcastic. “The work comes first.” He stands, his hands unceremoniously pulled from Castiel’s. “Go ahead, Cas. Put my name in. See how far that goes.”
He hasn’t yet figured out why they’re talking again about Chuck and Lilith, of all people. Castiel texts Stevie and Jules for any insight, but they have little to offer, as they seem to be on the outs with much of what he, Sam, and Dean were doing. Jules gives him brief messages about the hunter hub Sam made, now crippled, after her arrival from an apocalyptic version of the world. Stevie tells him about the rift to Hell that opened last month, the sacrifices that were made to close it.
? Christsakes. Just how badly has the guy misread their situation?
And Cas said—
Dean shrugs. “Inias?”
“Dean,” Cas said, touching at Dean’s hips. His own body stilled as he coaxed Dean to pause as well, gentle but firm in his resistance to Dean’s thrusts.
“So how do you know each other?” Dean asks, motioning between Cas and Victor, and so Victor regales them with some convoluted story involving an absent TA and a downed computer network, something where Cas got called out from the administration office to try and help out.
“I get that, Dean, I really do.” Sam looks heartbroken, his affection for Dean shining from his eyes. “But that’s not to say it’s the only job you’ll ever love. There are other companies out there. Better companies. People who’ll be loyal to you in return.”
Dean remains frozen in place, arms upright in alarm. Cas fixes this by leaning down and taking Dean’s cock into his mouth.
Cas glances up, catching Dean with a mournful look, and it’s true, it’s happening—Cas gave himself up for the kid, and now Dean’s lost him too—
“I dunno, but I’m not spending the drive home with you two fighting. Fix it,” Sam said, shrugging his way out of the backseat with his bag in hand. The door slammed shut behind him.
The djinn queen, with the young Tree of Life bundled safely in her arms, gives a demure flick of her wrist in reply.
—would have been… fine, but anger still burns through him at the memory of Cas’s lies. His betrayal. The way Cas covered for Jack, and then Jack ended up—
Two days of further searching bring in next to no results. The puke perimeter shifts, information continues to not exist, and everyone they can think to ask doesn’t remember so much as Abbie Lynn’s name.
Ryan makes a frantic scramble to join her friend, but Maggie gently pushes her back toward the fray, her eyes conveying clear endearment for both her friend and the hapless men.
The following morning, Dean cut loose a couple of the best-looking pumpkins, brought them inside. When Sam made a show of carving faces into them, Dean made a point of pocketing a handful of the seeds before they made their way onto a roaster tray.
Claire fields a phone call from Jody about the time the sun’s setting. She cracks an easy one-liner in lieu of salutations, though her laughter dies once Jody ramps into her say.
“This isn’t the aunt’s farm,” Sam says, turning to Claire. “Do the official records say a property is supposed to be here?”
“Of course, of course,” Bart agrees, chuckling way too heartily. “Always happens with a reshuffling, doesn’t it?”
The front door of the farmhouse creaks open, and from within steps a broad man with long, wavy, graying hair. His mustache twitches when he sees them. From a distance, he calls, “You the computer team?”
The man with short hair says nothing. He hunches over crossed arms and shuts his gaze away.
.” He tips his head, impressed.
Then the air snaps with a crackle like thunder, and when they check the farmhouse again, it remains in full view regardless of angle. Dean looks to Cas, who nods and, tucking his grace more securely into his elbow, takes a step past the perimeter.
Oh, no. Dean does not like where this train of thought is going. “Too early to worry about drafts,” Dean grumbles.
Dean and Sam and the girls, they’ve got a kid that no one knows about, one that nobody else even knows has disappeared. All the details they remember about Abbie, those broad strokes that define a person, they’re all but extinct now. Four hunters are all she has to keep her memory.
She doesn’t say anything, however, just turns her gaze onto Castiel, who is looking much the same as Dean.
Sam pulls away the empty plastic cup. Castiel drags his cold tongue over his lips.
On the legacy side of life, Inias has been more than happy to pluck away at his usual production bug list. But when it comes to the scheduled updates rolling in from implementations, it turns out he prefers to take a back seat.
“Okay,” Dean says, wary. He leans in, close enough that Castiel could touch him, if he’d like.
Cas shrugs. “Usually.”
Cas leans in and takes a beer. He doesn’t open the cap, merely cradles the coolness between his hands.
“I’m not afraid of it,” Castiel says stiffly.
The phalanx is ready for Dean, the djinn holding their silver bucklers upraised, curiously on the defensive.
The pockets of Castiel’s gray robe are weighed down by prescription bottles, today, which he cycles through rapidly, popping lids and swallowing pills with a glass he filled from the tap. The motions are all so mundane. Human. Reminiscent of his time taking ibuprofen for a sore back in Rexford, a short lifetime ago.
Shuffling around, Dean turns onto his side, facing Cas. He feels like the type of sleepdrunk that makes confessions easier to give.
Sam joins Dean on his feet, whooping loudly as the judges announce Garth’s toss puts him in the lead. Dean whips around and yells “A-ha!” at the doubting shape shifter, who pales under the attention.
“Just hold me,” Dean said, up close and quiet against Cas’ neck.
Cas hums at the screen. “I’m not certain what creature that might be. The image reminds me of something, but I’m not sure of what exactly.”
Perhaps his cock would be different. Castiel trailed his fingers down through his pubic hair and gripped the base of his limp cock, giving it a slight squeeze that was more strange than erotic. Squaring himself, he made a circle from his fingers and pumped lightly at his length, but his cock barely stiffened in response.
First of all, there’s the damn flowers.
“I dunno,” Sam says, “and I don’t have my laptop. But I texted a picture to Rowena to get her take on it.”
The trial goes well, for the most part. Whatever the humans want, Heaven responds to promptly, giving them what they seek. And the people are happy—initially. They delight in Heaven’s receptiveness to their every whim, how they are given precisely whatever their heart longs for in the moment: ice cream that never melts and perfect summer evenings; beloved family pets and vacation scenery; radios that play only their favourite songs.
, another with
“As if I didn’t have to stomach you sneaking out night after night,” Garth continues tearfully, shrugging off Dean’s attempts to touch him, “going behind my back with your best friend! Don’t I deserve better than that, Dean? After all these years together,
Sam runs into him in the hall, brandishing a machete and massive bedhead. Without fully waking, Dean first greets him like an enemy, then course-corrects his blade’s lethal arc by a quarter inch and throws himself back against the door. Deafened by the alarms, Sam gives him a bewildered look instead of shout, to which Dean replies with an equally baffled expression. No better off from it, they rush together toward the main hall.
“And Kaia?” Dean prompts.
Seems like they’re down to two Winchesters, once again.
So Castiel closes his eyes and imagines Kansas. Lebanon. A parcel of land far from the outskirts of town. An old power plant that hides priceless secrets underground.
“Dean,” Cas said again, this time steering both their bodies to the side. Dean flumped down into the pillows with a needful whine, rejection ramping up through him with the cold distance between their bodies. Then Cas was crowding over him, rolling Dean back to face him when he tried to shy away, burying his face into the bedsheets. He kissed Dean’s mouth, his cheek, his temple. His deep voice rumbled straight into Dean’s ear. “I’ll be right back. Just let me get a condom.”
Dean laughs harder, the crinkles around his eyes coming out. He cups Castiel’s cheek and reels him in again, kissing him firmly. His hand remains there even after he pulls back, looking at Castiel with a fondness that makes his heart warmly ache.
“Even then, there’s a thirty day window, and extra clauses. I could lose my job—”
“Oh, hell no,” Dean says. “I already said no camping!”
Dean pulls away, mouthing apologies against Cas’ lips, gets himself out and takes both their cocks in hand. His free hand runs down Cas’ spine, spreads across his ass and digs in, changing his angle into something dirty. Cas plants his hands on Dean’s chest and rocks roughly against him, his thrusts catching against Dean’s dick, making Dean squirm with his own breathy moans.
Castiel nods as though this is an interesting tidbit, not something even fans in passing already know. “I was always so disappointed with what they did with Lizzie’s character. I mean, she fell in love with a hallucination that was also supposed to be her fiancé?” He shakes his head. “Completely unrealistic.”
Dean huffs lightly. “Didn’t even know I had half these ingredients.”
Kurt senses the sarcasm, but he doesn’t let the subject settle. His grip tightens on his coffee, threatening the cracks in the porcelain. “I’m serious, Hank. Maybe it’s nothing, but sometimes a whole lot of nothing can add up to something. Don’t you see the strange things that happen around here?”
“You were asking
Dean adjusts his mental calendar for the month, updating the point where Castiel’s mettle has been proven to a couple weeks sooner than his previous estimate.
, raising their motley collection of mugs and glasses. Someone yells,
“Dean and Garth…?” she says leadingly, eyebrows raised in anticipation.
“Yeah, a couple months back.” Dean scratches his neck. “Office life just wasn’t for me. I’m working at a junkyard now instead.”
Dean glances between Castiel’s hands and face. “You okay?” A sinking feeling hits him; what if his sick days have cost the team something, and Castiel has to break some bad news?
entails.
Dean’s apology quivers out as an ungodly noise.
On Monday, Dean puts in a request for vacation time.
Miles of streets pass around them in silence. The hum of the city has died down with the late hour, leaving plenty of time for Dean to think and then hate the pain that comes with thinking.
His body trembles with delightful friction; he’s breathy and groaning by the time he awakens enough to do more.
Dean flaps an arm over the side of his bed and rolls fully onto his stomach, succumbing once more to sleep.
“Dean,” Cas says, softly, bringing Dean back to him. “It’s me,” he murmurs. “I’m here.”
“You answer,” Dean tells her, tossing down his phone before reaching for the gearshift. “I’ll drive.”
Second, his hand escapes its pocket and closes around Dean’s offered hand, pushing something small into Dean’s now closed fist.
He swallows thickly, eyes damp. “Do you know where he is now?”
Slumped inside the armchair, Sam vehemently shakes his head. Dean feebly flags his fingers in agreement, and then lets his hand drop like a stone onto his lap. “I’m good, thanks,” he grumbles.
But when Dean woke with his hand reaching blindly for the alarm blaring beneath his pillow, Alpha Services indicated his appointment had been manually transferred to an alpha named Benny instead.
“Just a minute,” Jack answers from somewhere upstairs.
“Thank you for that! Now, it sure is nice to see you two fellas getting along, but where are your husbands, boys?” She clucks her tongue, a teasing finger poked into each of their sides. “Better get back to ‘em in a hurry!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The Mark,” Castiel says, reaching, though Dean is too far away to touch. To confirm. “You’re okay? Rowena’s spell removed it?”
Dean dives in with a grin.
Cas does not move, though he answers. “Do you want me to come back?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean says, stumbling off of Garth’s lap. “I was gonna say the same thing.”
Castiel aches with the entirety of it all. He has tried hard, so hard, to remain focused on his purpose in heaven, but it has taken all of his strength and more not to think about Dean in every second, every moment, every day. He longs to see Dean again, longs to hear his voice. His laughter. It is unfair to be kept away from Dean.
Castiel cleared his throat. “Where is your linen closet? I’ll change your bedding, ready your nest again.”
In the back bedroom, Cas murmurs something and Claire cackles. Patience turns sharply at the sound, her eyes haunted. She grips the doorknob tightly, trembling as she staggers away.
“What are your plans, now that you’ve quit? Do you have another job lined up?”
Dean laughs. “Sure. You don’t have an actual day, right? So pick one. We’ll make a cake.”
Black leather and oil scent the air around him, a welcome change from antiseptics.
“A friend,” Sam answers. “A witch. He might be able to help with this—shoe. Thing.”
Castiel chuckles. “I know, I agree. But I need to change my clothes before work.”
Castiel frowned. “I have no idea what you expect me to do.”
Castiel glanced back to the television, this time to confirm that the pornography’s participants were indeed all men. “It is educational,” Castiel replied quietly.
“Too bad. Bobby was telling me he wants you back on first line.”
Dean knows the one. He leans forward on the couch. “So what’s wrong with them?”
“Dean,” Sam says, frowning.
A playful smirk crosses the queen’s lips. She pulls his hand up to rest on Cas’ knee, her grip tightening in what Dean figures is an approving way.
“Yeah?” Dean says, wary.
Jack looks desperately between them, rising with the dustpan gently clouding in his wake. “Do either of you know how to bake a pie?”
“You mean the worst,” Miriam mumbles. “Absolute tyrant.” The smirk she tosses his way says she’s only kidding.
“Oops,” says Rowena, taking a grand sip from her mimosa. Her shoulder digs into Sam until he wraps an arm around her, giving her a reassuring, full-body squeeze.
A larger trial is run with the help of Ellen’s humans. The rejuvenated host gathers to support it.
Even Zach—
Dean frowns. “Disappointed?”
Dean keeps his head down as he returns to his office, knowing already that Castiel will be watching for him from behind the confines of his own desk.
Cas won’t ever move unless he wants to. Dean doesn’t know how to make him anymore, if he ever did.
The pair of creatures crowd over Cas, murmuring in a low purr much smoother than the one Cas has managed. Beneath the hem of their robes, Dean thinks he sees cloven feet. Cas holds up his arm, similar to what Jack has done, and the nearer of the two, the one whose hair hangs in wispy curls, touches its svelte fingers to the palm of his hand.
“So, what, be a fucking idiot?” Dean scoffs. “This is bullshit. We’re painting the walls while the roof falls down!”
wish to clean this up?”
Dean sits still for a beat, stunned, as he absorbs the news. Haltingly, he says, “They’re not getting rid of me?”
“Yeah.” Dean scratches at the bench seat beside him, pulling on a loose string. “Yeah.”
“How much longer do I have to wait for Dean to calm down?”
The class breaks once the instructor finishes his reviews; Garth mingles with the other couples and Cas comes over to Dean, setting down what he’s drawn. He looks over Dean’s easel and picks up the canvas, the line between his eyebrows as deep as the Grand Canyon as he reviews Dean’s take on Garth. “You really think of him this way?”
Dean hums. “Tomorrow.” His fingers dig small circles into the back of Castiel’s neck, trying to relieve its tension. How he wishes today could stretch on forever.
“C’mon, c’mon, c’mon,” Dean mumbles as his printer thumps and whirrs. His fingers flap fruitlessly at the output tray, as if he could hurry the report into manifesting its physical form.
“Well?” Dean asks. “What’s the verdict?”
The screen door bangs behind him, Mary walking slowly through the kitchen. Dean gestures up the stairs, then moves down the hallway for what he assumes is the basement door, except when he turns the knob he finds—
Castiel watches Dean, staring openly across the bench seat, though Dean’s mind is miles away from registering the intrusion. When Castiel touches the door handle, looking back, Dean dips his head, deferring. Castiel climbs out from the car.
Still not begging, or fearful. Instead, her eyes bore into Dean like she knows she will not die.
Dean whips around, looking up to find Jack standing on the wall—in the field—behind him. For a disorienting moment gravity doesn’t know what to do with Dean; it then pitches him toward the side, leaving him scrabbling for grip along the grass and dirt, his legs now dangling in the hallway beneath him.
Dean softens in spite of himself, biting back a vicious instinct telling him to snap back. He moves for the foot of his bed, sitting there instead of its head. It’s enough to cut Cas the slack he needs to turn around, but still, Cas doesn’t.
“Dean,” Inias says, nudging his shoulder until Dean shoots upright at his desk. He blinks off whatever nap he’d been accidentally taking, and waves away Inias when he insists, “You should go home, man. You need to be in bed.”
Looked like Mary had made a habit of butchering pumpkins, both there and back home.
“Thank you, Dean.” Castiel lifts their conjoined hands. His lips brush over Dean’s knuckles, pressing in with a soft kiss.
When he wakes, he won’t remember the soft smell of Castiel, shower-fresh, leaning in above him, or the offer for coffee. He will only know what he’s lost by the scent that lingers on his skin, on the sheets. By the fresh pot growing stale in the kitchen.
Set within a high rise comprised of fancy condos, Castiel’s apartment was everything Dean dreaded and more. He waved awkwardly at the doorman guarding the front entrance, feeling out of place as he was allowed into the elevator and punched his grimy, callused thumb into the button that would take him up to Cas’ floor.
Dean paused in his chopping. He swiped the green pepper chunks into a neat pile on the cutting board. He was running out of excuses to make. Weakly, he asked, “Where would I even keep a garden?”
Cas, sensing victory, rose up in height. “Behind the bunker entrance, in the patch of earth lined by mulberry bushes.”
More than a week later, his relationship with Castiel remains on the down low. Or maybe they simply return to normal. It’s hard to tell what their normal ought to be. Are they workplace friends who had a one-time fling? A new couple keeping their heads down until the heat from management is gone?
Dean clamps down on his rage. Counts to ten.
Cas glowers at the bedroom wall, staring at the square of tiles to the right of Dean’s mirror. He sighs and, with deep reluctance, turns a cheek fractionally towards Dean. “The door’s too far away. I can’t stand on the other side of it.”
“Just—follow me through this. And no staring.” Dean sank into the pillows stacked behind him, shuffling his body into a more relaxed position. Castiel likewise slouched against the headboard, attempting to open himself up to the experience Dean was about to relay.
legacy was getting decommissioned? And you didn’t
Dean could try, but that sounds too close to acceptance, and he’s nowhere near succumbing to that.
to put a stop to as soon as possible, if he has even a hope of getting out of this mess with their friendship unscathed.)
“And how many weeks after that until drafts?” Castiel retorts.
Rowena gives the short answer in a sigh, following it up with: “Honestly? Your best bet will be finding the condition that breaks it. These types of things usually want something simple to happen. Something to the point of the spell’s casting.”
Jody swats at him with the remaining donuts. “Get up already so I can hug you.”
“Hey,” Dean replies cheerfully. Back to Max, he closes the gap and hisses, “What the
“Nah.” Sam shakes his head. “Angle’s wrong for breaking the glamour. Max figures we got about another twenty minutes to wait.”
Lips bump the corner of Dean’s mouth; Castiel’s tongue snakes out to collect a stripe of sweetness.
Hank recovers enough of himself to glance back at his tablemate. Kurt, for his part, is scribbling frantically across his napkin and Hank’s sudoku book, his hand flailing like a courtroom stenographer gone mad.
Dean tries to retain what Castiel is saying about legacy, but he’s hardly listening. His hands tremble beneath the conference table. He feels like a fool, and completely unnecessary to being here. Why the hell did they want him here if Castiel was already attending?
Jack smiles fondly. “I think you need to, Cas. You’ll need to let go of those fears.”
“What? No.” Dean stumbled down the dirt road. His legs felt rubbery, useless. He damn near fell into Castiel. “That’s not…” He touched Castiel’s jaw, the rough skin of his cheek. “It’d be good.”
Dean hardly hears a word Hester says, her questions answered on autopilot. Something about the bug testing well, and Uriel being informed to proceed with the sync from beta and subsequent deployment to production. Dean thanks her, then hangs up, his heart tripping through his chest.
But he should. He has to. He
With the puke perimeter down, Dean picks up the pace, trying to catch his brother with Cas in step beside him. Ahead, Sam and Claire slow down as they reach the windbreak, pausing outside the rows of hackberry and boxelder trees. Mary comes up behind, and the three of them murmur out their plan. Claire and Sam take point on their way into the farmyard, while Mary moves at an angle toward the surrounding brush.
Impulsively, Dean lifted the edge of Cas’ poncho, high enough to reassure himself that Cas’ cast was still dry. Cas gave him a dark look and immediately sidled out of reach, turning to face the rain streaming down his window.
He then clicks the knife closed, the remainder of the blood left in place.
Eventually, Dean nods. He wouldn’t dare argue with that. “So we’ll see him when we see him. That’s fine by me.”
Long brown hair. Doe eyes. More sorrows than he deserves etched into the lines on his face.
Dean repeats it until he can say all the rest.
Anael approaches Castiel here in his earthy solitude, carrying a designer bag and wearing expensive shoes. She crosses her arms and smiles at him ruefully, chin tilted down, watching where Castiel is scratching Enochian into the dirt.
The hatchet springs forward, arcing in a clean spiral. The blade thumps solidly into the plywood.
Jack smiles at him. “First, let me explain.”
“And say what, huh? We want to go shopping in
“Agreed.” Dean nods heartily. “It blocks the industry, not the job description.”
When the end of the day comes, Dean waits alone in his office, door closed. Only after the light in Castiel’s office goes out one final time does Dean pack up his belongings. He puts the party hat in the trash, his laptop in his messenger bag.
He curses on reflex when his messenger app chimes once again.
He gets Doug to give him a rough idea of the party headcount, then starts portioning out enough ground chuck for each guest to come back for thirds. He takes a couple extra minutes to show Doug the rough size to make a patty, how to mix and shape it without overworking it. He rounds out the order with the cuts of bacon that best serve Doug’s burger schemes, finishing off the whole kit with a perfectly portioned ingredient list that Ricky scratches out on the brown wrapping paper atop the bacon slab.
Cas had sounded almost grateful as he said, “Hello, Dean.” Within a minute he was joking about the app outage and giving Dean his personal cell phone.
Dean holds him back from one such run, catching the kid by his arm when it’s just the two of them, alone. Jack’s hair is tousled with sweat, his breathing heavy. His baby face has aged in record time, forehead etched with lines that demonstrate just how crushing the last couple days have been for him. Losing Cas, especially, Dean thought, would have been a fatal blow. But some fierce determination inside Jack keeps his back strong, his feet moving. Dean can all but sense the need to help radiating off the kid’s skin.
“He was a lawyer?” Dean perks up, thinking of his brother, taking classes out in California. A lawyer on the team wouldn’t be so bad. They tended to have the skills needed in a good analyst—namely, persistence and the ability to argue.
Castiel makes a soft noise. “I guess I’ll see you when you get back.”
Castiel, however, knows how to reply. “Thank you for allowing us here,” he says with quiet reverence.
“Like, a month, maybe.”
Dean snorts to himself, then leans in and starts typing.
Privately, Dean’s more than skeptical about using Cas this way, but most everybody agrees it’s worth a shot so he bows to majority rule. Max and Cas take point in Cas’ truck, working together to find and disable more tokens. Dean and Sam follow in the Impala, alongside Alicia and the girls in Claire’s beat-up beast.
The gap between what Dean can say and what he should is a knife’s edge still, the confessions he owes to Cas and the ones he doubts he’ll ever have the guts to make. That it was Dean’s neediness that brought on that terrible argument, his loneliness making him try to eke out that pointless promise of Cas staying in the first place.
Sam nods along, though his expression remains mournful. He scrubs his face, breathing hard for a moment. When he looks to Dean, he doesn’t pull the punch this time. “I called Cas. Couple hours ago. He’s on his way.”
Letting her hopes run loose like that just sets Val up for failure.
Sam tilts his head, jaw set tight. “Having it might help with his memories.”
“So you don’t…?” Sam begins slowly.
Cas rises from the table. “I’ll drive down to that location, see if I can uncover any answers.”
Hours later, after the laptop’s battery has died and both Kaia and Claire have dozed off, Cas crawls out from his bed and slides into the empty half of Dean’s without preamble, just taking the place like it belongs to him. Cas reaches across Dean and plucks up the remote, turning up the muted television. He keeps his arm where it’s settled across Dean, preferring to perch his chin against Dean’s shoulder and doze from that angle instead.
“Your grace, uh.” Dean clears his throat. “It okay in there? Should we ask Max to put it in a, well—I’m sure there’s something we could find that would—”
Dean stares down at his mouth, thinking of what could be.
“Thank you,” Castiel murmurs, mouth pressed against Dean’s throat.
Claire talks as she walks, keeping a clipped pace. “So as of this afternoon, we’re two days out from the AMBER Alert, alright? The radio was absolute chaos the day she went missing, local news reporting the kidnapper’s description and wild speculation, yada yada, when all of a sudden the chatter just
“Please,” he breathes.
“That woman does seem far too joyful,” Cas agrees.
Sighing heavily, Anael removes her luxury coat and spreads it out like a blanket, sitting beside him on the soft grass.
“Cas,” Dean begins, as Castiel moves for the bathroom. He rises to follow, catching the door before Castiel can close it, although he doesn’t enter. He watches Castiel sit on the closed lid of the toilet.
