“Tony.” She tucks her hair behind an ear again. “He’s asking to see you.”
For now, Steve scoots closer, whispers, “Can I hold you?” and wraps his arms around Tony, pulling him to his chest, when Tony simply nods in response.
Tony’s mouth twists like he’s annoyed at being pulled from his work, but he gives a grinding sigh and nods, allowing himself to be dragged from the lab.
He watches as Tony slowly opens his eyes, slowly moves his hand to reveal Steve’s soulmark, and slowly reads Steve’s Words.
“Bucky.”
survive this.’ And he does.
“Fuck off.”
No one—except Rhodey and Tony’s ex Rumiko—enjoys spending time with him down in the lab. Pepper hates the disarray. Happy gets mother henned by the bots. All of Tony’s exes eventually got bored of waiting for him to give them the time of day while he was drafting or creating things. One ex even told Tony that he hummed and it was ‘the worst, absolute most god awful sound’ they’d ever heard, ‘like a saw blade and a bag of broken glass got in a fight and the result is your vocal cords.’
“Is that a no?”
Slowly, Tony pulls the ice pack away from his face. He takes in a deep breath and waits for Steve.
It pisses Tony off.
He holds up a thumb, his index finger, and his pinky. Then he signs through a closed fist with his thumb bent against his knuckles in the front. Then a fist with his thumb under his index finger. His fingertips resting against his thumb. His index and middle fingers held aloft, like a peace sign. Then his fingertips resting against his thumb again.
Another happy chirp.
Steve says Tony’s name and when Tony looks up at him Steve points at Tony’s face and then brings his index fingers together in a twisting motion.
“I do. Let me explain. And get comfortable it’s gonna take a while.”
“News it is.” Steve flicks the TV on.
“Me, too,” Steve pulls the blanket back over both of them.
“Do you need—?” Steve starts, looking for the forgotten ice pack but Tony’s already grabbing it from the table and pressing it to his neck.
Tony’s such a dumbass.
The dragon yawns, showing his bright, sharp teeth. Steve rubs under the dragon’s chin with his knuckles.
“Steve, do you work today?”
There’s a clang from behind a dumpster and Steve catches a glimpse of something red.
Steve beams and reaches out to ruffle Bucky’s hair.
Stark, sitting at his work bench, hunched over an Ironman suit to look for repairs, waves him in. He signs something quickly.
“Sorry!” Steve says, jerking back. “I forgot—uh, I forgot about your face.”
“Alright, alright. We’re almost done. Bring me that other towel, will you?”
Baby is still in the middle of Steve’s bed, whimpering and clawing at the sheets. He’s a tiny little ball of heat and Bucky can feel it before his even tries to touch the dragon.
“Oh,” Natasha says. Nodding, she pulls away from where she’s lounging against Clint. She rests her elbows in her knees and leans into Steve’s space. “What’s
Pepper smiles and shakes his hand, quick and firm. “First of all, I want to say thank you for taking care of Tony. He can be a handful. So, thank you.”
Steve put his hand on her left cheek and smiled, "I have feelings for you, too."
Steve got bored quickly, he small talked to a few of the other soldiers, but nothing really kept him there so he went to bed.
Steve came back from his dark thoughts, "Don't worry. I'm good."
But again, Thanos was catching Tony easily by his throat, ripped the blade of his suit and shoved it through the stomach of the gagging genius.
"Who wouldn't want to marry you?", he immediately blushed, "Sorry, that was not respectful."
The thought of Tony taking in another cock made Steve furiously and he harshly slapped the ass in front of him, making the man under him groan. "How many did you take like that mh?", he underlined his question with another slap, watching the ass jiggle softly from the force.
"Excuse me. I'm searching the leading surgeon T. Stark.", Steve hated talking to people. This guy made him feel so uncomfortable.
The little genius slowly closed his eyes, took some last shaky breaths and then fell into a long sleep, he would never wake up from.
As he crossed the middle of the camp he saw the Surgeon again, Stark was her name right? She was demanding to speak to the Major to one of the soldiers in front of the small wooden hut. They sighed and let her in.
He blushed softly and kissed her again, then continued his kisses along her jawline while whispering, "You think you can take it?"
After their mission they sat down in the jet, Steve removed his helmet and tossed it with a groan onto the floor, "God, what a day."
The brunette quickly turned around, on all fours, and scooted closer to the edge of the couch where Steve was standing and then sat on his heels, a sharp pain jolting through his body from his wound ass, and he twitched. He quickly forgot when Steve's hand ran through his hair, grabbing a handful of it and tilting his head with some force behind it. "Open your mouth and stick your tongue out.", the blonde over him commanded and Tony blushed and quickly did so. Steve slid his impressive length inside his mouth, making the genius moan as it hit the back of his throat.
She smiled at his lips and kissed him again more passionate.
The smaller one screamed out and his entire body jolted away from the slap, "Eight! It was eight! Oh god please please stop! I'm sorry, so so sorry!", he sniffled and put his head down between his hands, which were clawed into the couch.
Before he could hand it to her, she took it out of his hands and looked through it.
Was she still alive? Maybe the person living there would know more.
"I'm sorry to hear that Ma- Tony. I would suggest talking to higher forces, but you already did that...I'm not really one to help out with this problem.", Steve looked down at the hands folded in his lap, "Maybe try medical equipment from nearby towns?"
Steve huffed out a laugh and leaned back, "You know what Romanoff."
The genius sobbed and moaned, his head spinning and a known heat forming in his abdomen, and he came with a loud shout, clenching around the fat cock inside his ass.
Steve pulled out in one swift motion, making Tony cough and gasp for air, but he wasn't done he tilted Tony's head again and plunged into his mouth, making the smaller one gag, but he didn't really care. He started fucking into the brunette's throat, who gazed upwards to him, tears streaming down his blushed cheeks. With one hard thrust he came down Tony's throat, groaning while doing so. He watched as Tony had troubles swallowing it all down, some dripping out beneath his cock and grinned, pulling out but leaving his tip on the geniuses face, rubbing the last bit of his cum all over his face, marking his new territory. There was no going back, Tony was his now. And only his.
But that won't happen.
Bucky rubbed his back, "You have to face the possibility that she's dead, Steve..."
After the plane landed and Steve was back in America it all felt like a fever dream.
After the announcement that they are the last camp standing and it will get closed, so the soldiers can go home, Steve seemed to be on the verge of tears. Not tears of happiness.
The corner of her mouth tilted slightly upwards, "You can drop the 'Ma'am' for now. I'm Tony by the way. And yes, it's bothering me that the army won't support the medical team as it should."
Steve heard his own heart throb, his blood rushing through his veins.
Tony shot a blast in Thanos direction, which was easily blocked.
Bucky tried his lucks with girls, but mostly got a laugh and a punch against his chest. There where really pretty girls, he was right in this point.
Was she dead? Did it really happen?
Tony hid his flushed face in the pillow, he never felt this dirty and used.
The blonde's eyes darkened slightly, "I'm not going home without her."
This is weird, it looked like his old workshop in the Aveng- Well, the Stark-Tower, but a tad more modern than the version he lived in, and also completely tidied up. Everything was neatly placed and clean, so this couldn't be his. Obviously it wasn't his, he lived in the headquarters with sometimes Pepper, and Peter...
Seeing everything he could've gotten if he didn't mess everything up all the time?
It goes on like this for two weeks, they met at the truck, talked about their life or what they experienced today. They joked and played cards, sometimes Tony massaged Steve's sore muscles, using that as an excuse to touch him. She hated and loved that feeling. When she was near him, her stomach flipped and tickled, there was just no medical explanation for that. Her skin tingled when he touched her somewhere, which he sometimes did when passing her in the medical tent. And don't even get her started on her dreams. She woke up and needed new underwear. Steve was such a polite guy, she wasn't sure if he would like her like that, too. And maybe he just wanted the same thing all guys do?
His best friend sighed, "You're not. I really hate to say that, but maybe you should ask to...get back home. You're obviously everything but well."
Until Steve didn't tell him he knew.
Bucky softly punched his arm, "Already checked everything out or do you want a tour?"
"Don't worry, I had a few short relationships, not here tho. I don't know if I could handle the daily risk of losing someone...", she sighed, "It kinda held me back of getting out there again. Searching for luck. I rather threw myself in more work."
He was no hero. He was a broken man.
Nat grinned, "Okey, I'll watch Steve!"
A few days got by, nothing really happend. They had a usual training every morning, they ate together and they took classes to learn the language of the locals.
"That's it Baby...", Steve petted the brunette's cheek and held his head right there, not allowing him to breathe, spit trickling down his chin.
Tony looked at him, her gaze moving up and down, "Yep, pretty obvious if you ask me."
Tony nodded and squealed when Steve flipped the around and kissed her even more.
"There is an old address here, I'm not sure if she is still there. I will print it out for you.", the secretary gave him the printed piece of paper and smiled, "Good luck."
It didn't take her long to get her first orgasm, especially since Steve started rubbing her clit.
Steve's body hitting itself against Tony's wound ass wasn't helping in all this overwhelming sensation and the brunette wrapped his hand around his cock and pumped it.
The brunette's eyes widened, his hands slightly clawing themselves into the couch, his dick twitching from his teammate's words, "Yes, Captain.", he gasped out.
Steve tilted his head and snickered, "Aw you are?"
"Could you...maybe look someone up for me, I don't know if she is still alive and...it would really help me, please.", he tried his best to give a friendly smile back.
He didn't say anything, obviously he was very hurt.
Maybe he didn't even like her...
She bit her lip and whispered, "It's just so big. I like it!"
Steve was taking down another one of these alien dog - things, when suddenly in front of the battlefield a portal opened.
It was just know Steve noticed a big bump pushing against his abdomen, he carefully placed a hand on Tony's stomach, his eyes wide, "You're..."
The soldier sitting onto the chair in the background chuckled, "She is a real feisty one. Hot, but damn crazy."
"...Hello? Soldier?", she looked at him obviously annoyed.
They didn't want people to know, other people could be real dicks about that.
"You don't look fine..-" He immediately stopped himself from talking, "Sorry, Ma'am, I'll go.", Steve nodded respectfully and already turned around, ready to go.
"I love you too...Steve"
"Humans, listen to me. I don't want to fight, but I will if this is what it takes."
"37 packs of bandages? Is this supposed to be a joke?!", she stares up at Steve, her eyes could cut someone's throat.
He couldn't stop staring at Tony the following weeks, especially at his backside. It drove him up the wall, even through the goddamn roof. Sometimes after dinner when he did the dishes with Tony, that magnificent ass was right in front of him. He wished he could just grab the little genius by the hips and fuck him over the counter, holding his mouth close so their teammates wouldn't hear him moaning from having his ass pounded.
A familiar laugh approached his ears from outside the tent. He quickly shoved his stuff under the bed and jogged outside, looking around like a lost fool, and then he grinned. "Bucky?"
He gave his search up and snuck into the sleeping tent into his bed, anxiously turning around in his bed the entire night, getting about 1 hour of sleep at all.
Everyone had a goal at this evening. Some were flirting, some were leaving after that. A few people played games or danced to loud chanting and the sound of selfmade drums out of bowls.
He slowly dragged his feet over to the desk and rummaged through the drawers when he actually found it, and also old things that belonged to him. Clumsily he put all the bandages on the table, smearing some blood on the cleaned glass and he took a silver keychain out the drawer, it looked like the one Pepper gifted him a long time ago.
New tears escaped his eyes, "I'm gonna be a Daddy?!"
Steve moved near to her, "Work or anxiety should never hold you back from being happy. It's not easy, not at all, but we have to keep going every day. You shouldn't limit yourself.", he held Tony's hand in between his own hands as he spoke.
He placed it on the table and sank down on the chair, bandaging his wound as good as possible.
It showed him, with Steve and Bruce. They laughed and made silly peace signs over each others heads, from the shirts and caps they were wearing Tony assumed it was at a zoo. He assumed, because this shit never happend. Steve would have already smashed his shield back in Tony's chest, and Bruce would've maybe tried to jump in the tigers cage to get eaten. Was this photoshopped?
If he put too much pressure on her, it was his own fault. He probably made her feel uncomfortable at one point and didn't notice it, what a dumbass he was.
She turned around, "Steve...I am sorry...But it's better this way."
16 weeks later, Steve and the rest of his unti were still at the other camp. He was a mess, they haven't heard from the other camp in 3 weeks.
It didn't hurt. Tony actually finally felt at peace. They lost, so he deserved nothing less than this. He deserved seeing Peter die in his arms, before dying himself. Just because he failed to protect everything he had left.
The brown haired man turned around and smiled brightly "Steve! You're here!" The hugged and their spirits were already lifted, "Damn, I can't tell you how happy I am that you're here."
Steve looked sadly at the rifle in front of him, Bucky, who sat next to him in the vehicle, patted his shoulder in a comforting manner.
Steve was rushing to Tony's side and falling onto his knees, taking Tonys head softly onto his lap.
It made Tony wonder. Where did he go wrong, that the Avengers broke apart like that. Ultron was a huge mistake, yes, he admitted that. But they solved it together, it was good until Bucky came and Steve went all bananas for him.
"Still ignoring orders I see.", another slap, "I. Said. How. Many. Men. Fucked. You. Like. That.", between every word Steve send a really hard slap onto Tony's rear side, the skin there already blushing a deep scarlet red.
"Pregnant? Yes.", she chuckled, "That's why the army send me home from camp 3 weeks after you left...it's...yours."
The brunette couldn't help but smile and mumbled, "I'm good, really good. Please."
Steve smiled back slightly, "Thank you so much."
After their weekly movie night on Saturday everyone slowly headed to bed, Tony was laying on his stomach, not paying attention to the movie and much rather work on stuff on his tablet, wishing everyone that left a quiet 'Good night'.
After the fight she left with the words "I won't save your leg this time, Sir!" and Steve saw her running behind the tents.
He removed her boots and opened her pants, pulling them down with her help and massaged her through her underwear. She moaned softly and bit her lip, spreading her legs a bit more.
He got one step closer, looking at her intensely, waiting for a good explanation.
"P-Promise me...promise me you'll defeat him. Please...", the smaller one whispered.
And now Tony felt bad asking him that. "I'm sorry for your loss...You sound like a real Captain America type.", she tried to revive the killed vibe between them, and it worked. Steve chuckled, "Bucky always says that, too. Is it this obvious?"
The genius catches his breath slowly, not able to believe what just happened to him. He would really need to tell Steve to do that more often, instead of giving him boring lectures.
After what felt like an hour Steve finally found the woman, she was sitting in the back of a military car, with her head propped up in her hands.
The taller man's lips curled into a smile, "Good. Knew you'd like that." He removed his hand from the throat and instead he straightened himself again and kneaded the two round cheeks in front of him. So full. So plump and sexy. He really couldn't wait to fuck himself into that, but he was going to take his time with it.
Steve was searching for the tent he was sleeping in, his forehead covered in sweat. He really did underestimate the desert sun, hopefully he would get used to that. Well, he had to, there wasn't really a choice.
A guy with feelings, a good heart and he respected women? Was Tony dreaming?
He tried different angles and paces until he has found the one to make Tony scream and moan, because he grazed that oh so sweet spot.
He throws the wriggling person on the ground and he stood up, coughing, holding his throat. Steves eyes widen.
Steve was already at three fingers and listened to Tony's sweet moaning and begging to fuck him, as he grinned satisfied. He could really get used to that, Tony finally submitting himself to Steve. God, the possibilities that Steve had with this little Slut.
"Please...Don't leave me. Tony...please...", he sobbed and gently stroked the bloody cheek of his lover.
Steve was the last one to get up, but instead of moving to the door to leave the living room he headed over to the side of the couch that Tony was resting on, already having a huge bulge inside his sweatpants.
Was this his punishment for failing?
She blushed and mumbled shyly, "B-Before the army."
Steve watched as Tony lowered himself down, putting his weight onto his underarms and arched his back softly. Such a slut that he already knew that he had to take this position.
Tony bit his lip and didn't answer, instead just shaking his head.
"We...I...I can't do this...", she stuttered.
He cleared his throat, "I just thought you would like someone...to talk to...Ma'am."
Steve shot him a sharp glance, "She is just strong. It's not that easy for a woman in the army with guys like you."
The blonde stopped and roared, "Stop pleasuring yourself. You're gonna come from just your ass being fucked.", he made a few particularly hard thrusts to undermine his argument.
The blonde carefully stroked the red ass, watching the muscles underneath twitch involuntary, "See Tony, honesty could've spared you from that. Sadly I can't do anything about you being a big cockslut.", he moved two fingers over the pink hole, receiving a horny whine, "But I might as well enjoy it then.", he carefully entered the hole with one finger, not really surprised how easy he got in, and he started pumping it in and out.
His better judgement betrayed him, he asked one of the nearby soldiers to hand the papers over to the Sergeant and jogged after Stark. It wasn't as hot anymore since the sun began to disappear and the moon took over.
"Hey, how about ordering asian food to the tower?", Tony looked into the round, "I'm willing to pay because Steve hasn't given me a hard time today."
Everyone and everything seems to froze as a huge, purple guy came through, holding someone by his throat, who was struggling against the titan. Bruces voice shuddered. "That's him. That's Thanos."
Steve moaned loud, "Shit Baby...", he pulled out, removed the condom and stroked his cock until it spurted cum all over Tony's red ass. He sighed satisfied and watched some of it making it's way down to Tony's hole and he held it open so it would go in.
Tony chuckled, it was ironic. He had this stupid phone in his pocket all the time, but at the biggest threat the universe had ever seen he was too scared to call him.
In the plane ride home he sat quietly, staring out the window into the soft clouds.
Bucky tapped Steve's shoulder, "Hey buddy, your shift up here is over."
He was presented two round big globes full of ass, and he gulped heavily as the hardness in his own pants grew. Tony himself was already gorgeous, but that ass was just out of this world.
'This is stupid', Steve thought, 'What am I even going to do now?'
"Why are you here?", she murmured, "Leave me alone."
Until Captain America left him to die.
"Right, of course." Tony nodded, understanding that. She watched Steve getting up and jumping out of the vehicle, before he was gone she shouted, "Tomorrow here? Same time?" He smiled widely, "You bet!"
Was this 'the good life' everyone talks about? The thing he does not ever deserve?
He turned around with a grim face, his eyes looked tired and grunted, "Soldier, how can I help?"
She looked baffled, but her cheeks reddened softly, "Thank you...What is your name?"
And now he was here. In his dream where he went with Steve to the zoo, and they laughed together.
Steve huffed out a laugh, "Should've known you have a Daddy kink, fucking Slut." He pushed his hips flush against Tony's ass and stayed there for a few second before pulling back and starting another fast pace, the sound of their skin slapping echoing through the livingroom.
Steve kissed her multiple times and whispered, "I told you I would always come back...Oh god, Tony. I thought you were dead. You're so beautiful and perfect! Oh my god."
Tony came back, throwing the ripped up pair of pants in the trash, "Pfuh, these pants are so old, was I really this skinny?", he turned around to start the jet and Steve's jaw almost dropped.
When Steve came he held her even closer and whispered soothing things in her hair, since she was worn out.
He shook his head slightly, "Sorry Ma'am. You need to sign these papers about the stock of the medical equipment."
"You alright dear?", Steve asked, a bit worried.
Tony moved his hand away quickly and sobbed after every thrust, "Yes! Yes Daddy!"
Maybe he lost a bet?
"I won't!", he slapped Buckys arm away and left the watchtower.
Tony leaned into the kiss, enjoying what just happend. He liked her too. He loved her too.
He grabbed Tony's ankles and pulled him backwards, nearer to him. The genius squealed loudly and dropped his tablet, "What the fuck Rogers?!", in instinct he kicked back and hit Steve's upper leg, as he pushed his body up with his arms. The kick didn't startle the soldier as he pushed down Tony's pants and his underwear in one swift motion, the smaller man blushing furiously at the exposure, "What the fucking hell is wrong with you-Ah fuck!", he moaned as Steve send a sharp slap onto his plump ass.
Natasha obviously quickly noticed that heavy sexual tension between Steve and Tony and often joked about it, which made both of them flustered and they would denial it.
Steve leaned down and bit Tony's earlobe, "Listen here you little Slut, I'm gonna show you what happens when you walk around showing your ass around like you do all the time, and you're gonna thank me for it, do you fucking understand?", his big hand softly snaked around the throat of the smaller man.
He reached down, stroking his cock and it quickly got rock hard again, and Steve rolled the condom over his boner, "Turn around again, gonna fuck your plump ass now."
"Thank you...", he quickly moved to the back of the tent, pulling the tarp out of his way and freezed in his tracks.
Steve swallowed hardly, took a few deep breaths and carefully stepped in the direction of the door. Halfway on the path to the door, it opened from inside and a woman stepped out.
His throat burned and felt dry, he closed his eyes and was finally just specks of dust in the wind. The fate he had coming.
Steve chuckled slightly, "You know I don't like partys or big crowds, I will sit on my bed and scribble something in my book."
Just some rough reports, that terrorists are attacking, some deaths, a lot of wounded people.
But now Steve had to go to another camp for 5 weeks and it was their last evening cuddling inside the truck.
They infiltrated the town, positioning themselves as told and watched out for possible terrorists. Someone from the unit was attacked, screaming for help over the radio. All the soldiers ran to help, they shoot the man who attacked the soldier, but he was bleeding heavily from his leg. Bucky and Steve lifted him up and ran to the vehicle. The got him inside onto a blanket and the unit retreated to save the life of the injured soldier.
Steve cleared his throat behind one of the male doctors to get his attention.
Tony tips his head back and laughs. “You can crawl up here,” he leers.
It is, unfortunately, radio silence from Ironman, which is highly unusual. Half the team is worried about him and the other half is trying to get his attention and Tony is too busy defeating the bad guy to sign to J.A.R.V.I.S. to activate an alternate communication system.
Bucky knocks at his friend’s hand and mutters, “I can’t believe you’re fucking
Steve rolls his hips helplessly, grinding until he gets Tony’s cock where he needs it most. He takes a moment to relish Tony’s gasp and then stops, waiting for Tony to look at him again. The genius purses his lips together, obviously dissatisfied with the loss of movement. He drags his hands up Steve’s sides, hips to shoulders and back down again, encouragingly.
After Tony notices, it takes him three weeks to ask Steve who’s teaching him ASL.
“I wondered how long you would stand there and grumble at each other,” Sam smiles. “Can I get you anything?”
He whines again, gathering his things close. He looks at Steve, his dragon eyes seeming impossibly big.
Steve doesn’t quite remember how the topic got started. Someone must have asked about soulmarks or mentioned them in some other way. Maybe Janet? She and Hank are a Matched Pair after all.
But Tony isn’t lucky to be alive. His mother is dead. His father is dead. And Tony, at twenty-one, cannot speak.
It would be worth it.
“Yay,” Steve murmurs into the dragon’s neck. “And look, leftovers!”
“Bucky!” Steve yells as he rummages around in his nightstand drawer. “Have you seen my glasses?”
“I love you, Steve.” Tony’s voice cracks and breaks and—oh,
Tony whirls around and shoves at Steve’s shoulders.
“No. It’s my Friday off.”
leaving you here with just a
“Thankfully, no. We had a great turn out though. We’re cleaning up the kitchens and the rec rooms now and then we’re taking the left overs to the homeless shelter. So hopefully we’ll be done around five or six? And then we can all crash Gabe’s Christmas dinner.”
Tony Stark is a war profiteer.
Not expecting it, Steve stumbles, managing to catch himself on the edge of a workbench.
. And I’m fine. I could probably walk down there and join you guys.”
Tony stares, searching Steve’s eyes for a moment. Then, slowly, he pulls the ice pack away from his face.
He doesn’t.
“You don’t have to,” Steve coughs out. “Baby can fetch me things. You should go help Sam and the guys.”
Tony figures the one redeeming quality about his whole ‘silently in love with Steve Rogers’ thing is the fact that—ironies aside—no one knows he’s Ironman.
Ironman grunts something and nods before leaving.
The dragon stares at him for a long moment before it slowly releases its little claws from his shirt. Gently, Steve sets it on the counter. Steve tosses his jacket into the tub before grabbing a towel.
Steve raises his hands to gently cup Tony’s tear stained cheeks. He continues, “You are the bravest, smartest, most beautiful person I know. And I’m not just talking about in terms of looks. You inherited your father’s company and, with it, all of his sins. And then when you realized you didn’t like what you had spent your entire life creating, you set out to change it. And you succeed. Do you know how amazing that is?”
Bucky glares. “He’s also a dragon. He’ll be fine.”
Steve tries a different tack.
Tony doesn’t bother asking Clint. The little shit wouldn’t give him a straight answer. Probably just tease Tony from across the room like he usually does. (Yeah, you keep making that open-closed hand motion over your heart and Tony’s gonna punch it.)
Steve
And Pepper.
“Who?”
He should have just left after defeating the guy. Shouldn’t have gone back to the Avengers. Should have just radioed in from lab to say he headed straight back for suit repairs.
—wishes desperately that he was Blank, too.
“We’ll figure it out. Don’t worry, Baby,” Steve says to the dragon.
Tony wishes this was an accident. Wishes he feeling of Steve’s palms cupping his face wasn’t so addictive. Wishes he could push Steve away and snap a ‘no’ at him. Wishes he didn’t crave the feeling of Steve’s lips against his or Steve’s tongue in his mouth as much as he does. Wishes it was an accident so that when the whole illusion comes crashing down, maybe it won’t hurt as much.
But Yensen doesn’t.
“I love you, too, Tony.” Steve wraps his arms around Tony and draws him close. “But don’t think this gets you off the hook for the whole ‘secretly Ironman’ thing.”
Steve’s lips twist. With a somewhat bitter laugh, he says, “I’m sure we both know how accurate the media can be. It was only slightly more reliable in the forties.”
Tony can’t help the desperate, grinding moans that slip out as Steve slips his own hands up Tony’s shirt, over his back, dragging them closer. He can’t stop his hips from rutting against Steve’s. Can’t find the willpower to pull his hands out of Steve’s pants.
And then Steve gets the kiss he was expecting.
Baby hears, “I couldn’t remember a few things this morning.”
“You’re the one that wakes up first.”
“Uh…” Steve blushes. “I, uh, called him ‘Baby.’ He… He doesn’t really respond to anything else.”
“Whatever, you’re just lazy. Ass.”
Steve grunts an affirmative as he punches one of the—well, Steve’s not exactly sure what they are—aliens? Robots? They look a little like they could be both. —Regardless, Steve spares a moment to punch it in what he’s relatively certain is its face.
“Tony,” Steve says again but Tony cuts him off.
“The police think Obadiah Stane has something to do with Tony Stark’s disappearance.”
Steve's face goes red, “Have you been calling me that this whole time?!”
,” Natasha laughs, stretching a foot out from where she’s seated on the couch to poke at Steve’s thigh. “Do you have anyone
Steve steps into the alleyway and the wind immediately cuts its howling. “Are you okay?”
Steve continues, “Besides, I think I mostly liked how fierce Peggy was. She wasn’t afraid to speak what was on her mind and she certainly wasn’t afraid to punch someone who gave her shit. She probably would have made an amazing Captain America, too, if Project Rebirth wasn’t run by a bunch of old white men in the nineteen-forties.”
Tony. Just in different ways.
Watching his retreating back, Steve gets the sudden feeling that he upset his friend with his answer.
With a shrug, Steve finds himself saying, “He just… seems a little lonely. I hardly ever see him at the movie nights or the team building exercises. He’s always just down in his lab with his robots. I know what it’s like to be lonely like that. No one deserves to be that alone.”
“That’s not true at all!” Steve moves quickly, sitting on the edge of the bed. He runs a hand over Baby’s too hot skin. “I just want him to get better. He’s my friend, not my pet.”
Tony’s eyes well with unshed tears. He makes a choked noise in the back of his throat and nods, blinking rapidly. He holds both hands out with the backs of his hands up, pinkies and thumbs extended, and makes a downward motion with his right hand. Then, he runs another hand through his hair and turns around to disappear into the back of his lab.
“You do look a lot better,” Buck admits grudgingly.
Hesitantly, Tony raises his head.
“Sam says hi!”
His Words stare up at him, their jagged edges absolutely beautiful. He grins.
Steve smiles, “See, Bucks? There’s no reason to hate Baby. He agrees with you!”
The dragon chirps and places a little claw on the handle.
Tony laughs. “I’ll buy you a new one. Or maybe a new apartment.”
“Tony,” Steve says, “you know I love all the sounds you make while we’re making love, right?”
Tony points at him and winks, making a clicking sound with his cheek.
Tony just giggles, pressing his face into Steve’s shoulder.
—everything
Tony shrugs and grabs the water bottle of the bedside table. He picks at the label.
Natasha’s voice comes over the line, “Sorry, Cap, haven’t seen him in about twenty minutes.”
Steve shrugs again and, tight lipped, says, “Don’t really want to talk about it right now. Do you mind if I just sit in a corner? I promise not to get underfoot.”
“I’m not really a lap dragon anymore.”
Tony Stark chirps in surprise.
Every day, Steve tells Tony that he loves him.
Tony grinds out another hum and speeds through a handful of signs.
And then Steve’s pulling back and pressing his lips to Tony’s and
“What’s your address?”
Baby pokes his head back out when he hears Steve’s sigh.
Loki looks at Steve, then at Bucky, as if appraising them. Then he says, “He shouldn’t be this small. He’s covered in a dark magic not his own and yet both of you are covered in his,” he nods to Baby, “red magic. Do you know what this means?”
Hesitant to break the silence, Steve reaches out and gently touches Tony’s shoulder. Before losing his nerve, Steve signs, DINNER.
Baby chirps.
But Baby has already launched himself off the couch and is scrambling down the hallway. The two men watch as the dragon disappears into Steve’s room and then, seconds later, come tearing back with Steve’s phone clutched in his little claws over his head.
From the corner of his eye, he first spots Janet’s bright black and yellow costume. Then, as he does a double take, he sees Ironman, his bright red and gold unmistakable. But then he sees the blood covering Ironman’s bare face, sees the familiar, exhausted look in his eyes, sees
Turning back to Sam, Bucky says, “Would you like to go to dinner?”
“What,” Bucky asks, “is that?”
Steve gets a little chirp in response.
“Fine.”
“Nah,” Clint says, leaning an elbow on the table and resting his head on his fist. “I’m a Blank.”
Steve blushes and mutters, “Am not.”
In the end, Steve sighs, exhausted and deflated. He says, quietly, “I care about you so damn much. I love you, you know that, right? You worried me today. It was the worst fucking feeling in the world.”
“Yes,
Steve winces and can’t stop his hands this time. They come up, fingertips grazing along Tony’s jaw. He doesn’t cup Tony’s face so much as his hands hover just above his skin, feeling the disproportionate warmth from the side that took the brunt of the arrow impact.
Steve stops and turns back. Facing Stark again, he asks, “Don’t call you what?”
Steve tells Tony how much he loves him.
“Y-yes.” Steve glances at Thor, second guessing Loki’s even voice. But Thor just smiles from where he’s leaning in the doorway. “In an alleyway down by the art school campus.”
His feet carry him where they will. He finds himself standing at the glass doors of Stark’s lab.
“Am I late?” Tony asks, walking over and pulling off his sunglasses.
Tony doesn’t know how to take that. The only person who’s ever been his friend because they enjoy his company was Rhodey. Even Pepper and Happy had to be paid to be around him, at least at first.
Tony Stark… doesn’t.
Tony shrugs a shoulder, a small smile playing on his face.
“Come’er. You can hop that.”
, Steve realizes, shocked. It’s either that or Tony still feels awkward about Steve insisting that every time they have sex they’re making love and not just fucking. (‘There’s no love in fucking,’ Steve had said, ‘and what I feel for you is far more than a simple fuck.’)
Tony giggles and buries his face in Steve’s shoulder.
“Baby,” Steve reaches for the dragon, laying a gentle hand on his back. The small dragon is burning up, almost unbearably hot. “Baby,” Steve breaths.
Eventually, Steve lays his hands over Tony’s, stilling them. Steve says that he understands. He tells Tony that he’s not a monster or a murderer or an idiot. Steve presses Tony’s hands to his cheeks and tells Tony how beautiful and brave and how smart he is. He tells Tony how proud he is that Tony looked at the empire he created and, when he saw that he didn’t like, he tore it down and started over. Steve wraps an arm around Tony’s waist and the other around his shoulders, a hand sinking into Tony’s hair.
“Jesus, you’re a fast little thing, aren’t you?” By now, Steve’s dressed in a pair of sweat pants and two hooded sweaters.
“Are we doing anything today?” Bucky asks as he collects their empty plates.
“Really?”
“With extra ham, for you?”
Steve whines and buries his face in his pillow. “Bucky, you have to go. The center! They’ll be short staffed if you don’t.”
Tony rubs his thumbs against Steve’s cheek bones before he slowly pulls back and starts to sign.
“Great.”
“Tony Stark is still missing,” he says.
small. Red Imperials can grow up to fifty feet tall, Bucks.” Steve looks over at the dragon curled up on three of Steve’s old sweaters. “What happened to you, Baby? Why are you so small?”
He stands before anyone can say otherwise. Grabbing his notebook—head held high and not a single breath taken—Steve marches from the room.
Sam’s grin is breath taking. “Thought you’d never ask.”
Steve returns to the couch once he’s finished reheating two plates of food. He set’s Baby’s plate of cubed ham on the coffee table and curls back up into his blankets.
What does
Steve thinks, heart thrumming in his chest suddenly.
Tony pulls back and holds his fingertips to his nose and then, as if flicking water off his hand, splays his hand out flat between them. He kisses Steve again.
But then Steve remembers Tony’s injured and he wants to punch himself in the face for forgetting.
It’s possibly the fifth time they’ve had sex that Steve realizes Tony is consciously muffling himself.
Baby whines again, wiggling against Bucky’s arm.
“No.”
Baby chirps.
Tony has the bots get his suit off and heads straight for the first aid kit he keeps under the sink in the attached bathroom. Tony picks the larger pieces of glass and metal out of his face, rinses the blood off, and then scrubs the smaller debris out with a soft bristled brush. He rubs an antibacterial into his cuts and butterflies the bigger ones closed. The smaller ones will be fine, he thinks. The bruising can’t be helped. The ruptured blood vessel in his eye will have to have a cold compress.
Steve laughs, “You are beyond scatterbrained sometimes, Baby.”
Steve hummed, stabbing at his food. “How is it down there? Jim start any fights?”
Tony shakes his head, eyes wide.
Loki nods. “Dragon form takes more magic than human form. He needs to recoup his magic as fast as possible to fight the last of the dark spell. Once his magic is fully restored, he should be completely better. And back to his full size in his dragon form, too.”
Tony flashes Steve a giant grin.
The noise Tony makes is brutal, throaty, and breathless.
It’s not so much that Stark’s face changes as that the very air in the room seems to congeal, heavy and thick and cold. But then, as quickly as it came, the feeling disappears, brushed away by Stark’s soft sigh.
He looks up and Tony’s face is fucking
Steve’s three blocks from home (and nearly blown over by the wind twice) when he hears what sounds like a whimper from an alleyway. He stops and turns to face the backstreet slowly.
“Baby’s sick!”
Bucky walks into the hallway and shrugs. “I dunno. I needed my crescent set yesterday and I sorta gave up and asked Baby and he disappeared for a bit and then come over with it in his mouth.” Bucky reaches up and plays with the chain of his dog tags.
Steve figures he can always go to one of the libraries in the city but, before driving all the way out there, decides to see what he can find online.
Steve rolls his cuff down and over his hand. After shoving it in his pocket, he grabs Tony’s hand and places it gently against his Words. With his free hand, he strokes across Tony’s side, where he knows Tony’s Words are.
Steve reaches out for it. “Come’er, little guy. It’s okay, I won’t hurt you.”
know. Knows that there’s nothing good to Tony Stark. Will know, now, that there is nothing good to Ironman either. That both of the men Steve considered his friends are lies and he won’t want to even see either again.
Steve thinks about for a moment. He runs a hand through his hair and then again to smooth it out.
“Oh! Right!” Tony snaps a hand. “I wanted to explain a few things to you! Since you were probably wondering why I was cursed in the first place.”
Tony watches him, a confused look on his face as he starts to sign, WHAT?
“Don’t be like that.”
It looks even worse up close.
Steve shrugs, “I looked it up when I first found him and for his coloring, he should have a human form. I didn’t want to pressure him if he was scared or uncomfortable. If he just needed a place to stay for a bit, it’s no trouble to me.” Steve trails the side of his thumb down Baby’s long neck.
“Yeah, I’m sorry, Sam,” Bucky says into his phone as he paces by the couch that Steve’s collapsed onto.
Something like fear twists Tony’s face and, with the barest twitch of his head, he takes to the air.
He opens his mouth to embarrass himself again but Clint cuts him off.
days now.”
“Thanks,” Steve says slowly. “You know, you’re pretty smart. Do you have a name or, actually, a family that’s missing you?”
Before he can overthink it, Steve grabs a wheeled stool and drags it over. “Does everyone have a nickname?”
Bucky’s eyes narrow and his lips twist into a frown.
Tony blinks at him owlishly, fingers tightening against his sides. His lips twist and he looks away to stare at the far wall. Frowning. Jaw tight.
JARVIS responds.
“You’re like a furnace,” Steve murmurs as he zips his coat and stands. “Let me grab my portfolio and we’ll head home, okay?”
“He’s really hot, Steve.”
Nothing.
“You will
It hurts, a little, that Tony doesn’t feel comfortable asking Steve directly, if that is indeed the case, but Steve pushes all thoughts of Tony’s motivation to the back of his mind. He has to address something else first.
Placing the bar back on the bench press, Steve looks up to where Ironman’s been spotting him for the last twenty minutes.
So Tony rips the remainder of the faceplate off, throws it to the ground, and speeds off back into the fight.
Steve smiles, “Told ya, let’s go.”
“Your underwear drawer probably.”
“Oh,” Steve says. “So, my nickname is Captain?”
Pepper and Rhodey smile.
They’re going to throw him off the team. For sure, now that they know Ironman is Tony Stark, they’ll know he doesn’t deserve to be a hero. Tony’s too broken and dirty, his record far too bloody. They won’t let him be Ironman anymore.
A chirp.
Steve pouts, “But he’s so little, Bucks. … Like me.”
“Rocket was—”
Tony hums, not looking up.
, Steve! Those things are dangerous! This is worse than that angry raccoon you brought home three years ago.”
“What?” Bucky pushes his hair out of his face and stares at Steve like maybe he’s crazy.
‘An example, in ASL gloss, would be: TOMORROW VACATION GO I. In English, this could be read as: ‘I’m going on vacation tomorrow.’
because we hold onto that sort of thing. But anyway, you were warm and sweet and… uhm,” Tony blushes and clears his throat.
Baby trills excitedly when Steve hands the frames over.
“A kitten? No, he’d be white and his wings wouldn’t be grown in yet. It says here he’s what’s called a ‘Red Imperial Dragon’ but with his tail spikes longer than his snout but shorter than his wings, he’s probably only in early adulthood. But just… really,
Finally, after all the yelling and pacing and hair pulling, Steve asks who did know. Asks if he just wasn’t important enough to tell, says it with a little defeated half shrug.
Steve winces, hands nearly cupping Tony’s face but stopping in time to just hover.
It eats Tony up inside.
Tony smiles like he won something precious. Steve does his best to commit the image to his memory, so he can sketch it out later.
“I am
“Then you should change back,” Steve says. “You should change into your human form so you can heal and then we can all go out for drinks or something. Just…” Steve feels like he can’t breathe. “Don’t die.”
And now that the Avengers know that, they’re going to want someone else in the suit. They won’t feel comfortable fighting alongside him anymore. Tony is nothing but a benefactor. Ironman is the hero. And Ironman isn’t Tony Stark.
The dragon chirps again but he also butts his head against Steve’s calf.
busy tapping away on a glossy tablet, though.
Steve asks why Tony never told him. Never told the rest of the Avengers. Steve tells him how mad he is. Mad that Tony just left after being injured. Mad that Steve, as leader of the Avengers, was never informed that Ironman had a heart condition. Mad that the arch reactor in Tony’s chest powered the suit, too. Mad about how much danger Tony was putting himself in. Mad because he cares so damn much.
“How’s your arm feeling?”
But the dragon gives him a look and Steve can’t help but laugh.
Immediately, Steve drops his portfolio and rushes over to the end of the alley. “Are you okay?” he asks again as he tries to shove the dumpster away.
“You okay, Tony?” Steve asks as he approaches, concerned.
outside. He can’t go back out there.”
And Happy.
“Tell Bucky I say hi!”
Steve nods. “Let me text Bucky.”
“I love you, Steve,” Tony says at last, voice breaking in half.
Stark looks confused but nods, waving a hand as if to say
Baby croons and falls into the touch.
Entry and Exit.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “You got a chair not made of plastic, then?”
soulmate.
Steve’s words.
he can. He just has to figure out
Steve glances out the window and sees it’s snowing.
Steve smiles and curls his hand around Tony’s.
“Whoa, there. Let me—” Steve unzips his coat not even halfway down before the little dragon slithers its way inside. Steve can feel its fingers curling into his shirt, making the dragon’s wings fan out over his chest, the claws on the dragon’s hind legs clutch onto his belt, and its tail curls over his left hip.
Tony moves forward and, instead of the kiss Steve is half expecting, Tony rubs their cheeks together.
Steve bursts back into the room, one hand flying across the keyboard.
someone to put on the suit.
Sam tips his head back and laughs while Bucky mutters, “He’s a goddamn liar.”
Steve takes a few deep breaths and rests his head against the back of the seat as the car starts to pull into the drive at the mansion. He mutters a quick, “Excuse me,” to the rest of the team and disappears to Tony’s lab before anyone can stop him.
Perfect.
“Steve.”
But Tony’s hands betray him.
“What?”
The dragon tips his head to the side, stares, and then chirps again.
With a sigh, Bucky plops down onto the coffee table. “I can’t just leave you here alone.”
But even as he buries his face in Tony’s sweat covered neck, he has to acknowledge the fact that not only does he have a soulmate out there somewhere, but so does Tony.
“What?” Steve asks as he toes his shoes off. “You want my glasses back?”
And hang out.
“I don’t know if you can do that.”
Tony knows he hasn’t done his exercises or his warm ups but he needs Steve to know how he feels. Knows he needs to
Like many things that happen in Tony’s life, it happens in the lab, while he’s working on the next Ironman suit.
Steve shrugs a shoulder. “As long as you don’t break the couch.”
“And then I heard Obie—Stane was finally being fingered for my disappearance. Which was awesome but I…” Tony blushes again, not looking at Steve.
Tony looks like Steve sucker punched him. Confused, Tony asks, WHY?
Tony snickers and nuzzles his face back into Steve’s shoulder.
Steve beams pressing a kiss and a soft, “I love you, too,” into Tony’s hair.
When the doorbell rings, Steve’s across the entire apartment in a flash, door wrenched open before he even checks the peephole.
Steve doesn’t hear what Sam says to that but when Bucky hangs up his cheeks are red.
When Bucky finally leaves for the VA center, Steve is half asleep on the couch with Baby curled under the blankets against his chest. The dragon purrs and nuzzles his snout next to Steve’s neck.
to help you—”
Loki moves off the bed and over to his co-worker. They whisper to each other in their native language and Bucky goes to sit in the chair at Steve’s drafting table.
He paces, one hand on the ice, the other tugging at his hair or his shirt or pulling at his bottom lip.
But Steve either doesn’t hear his saw-blade-verses-glass humming—impossible—or he just
Tony focuses on the red leather of the boots.
“Do they still suspect kidnapping?” Bucky asks. He sets a plate full of food on the coffee table as he passes, heading for the armchair.
“How do you—” Steve chokes out, pulling back from Bucky and rubbing at his face. “How do you know?”
To the Avengers, he’d just thank them for having his back and being there for him, for Ironman. For being his first real friends.
Steve nods to himself. Chewing at his bottom lip, he spares another glance at Tony’s retreating back. He wants to go over and offer Tony some sort of comfort, but he gets the feeling that imposing anymore of his presence on the younger genius would be unwanted.  Instead, he heads to what has become his usual corner in the lab and grabs at the sketchbook he leaves wedged on a nearby shelf.
“Seriously?” Steve asks his reflection. He’s in a Starbucks by his art school and he can’t quite believe it’s raining so hard in
—he sees who’s inside it.
It’s a silent walk to Tony’s room and when they arrive at the door Pepper gestures at him to go through.
He hears it all the time. And no one will be able to tell him if they’re his. Because he’ll never give them a response to have marked on their skin.
Tony asks Pepper about it. About Steve and if he hangs out with the other Avengers like he hangs out in Tony’s lab.
Finally, reluctantly, Tony nods.
Steve’s mouth twists. “Where even
“His mom sure looks upset.”
in your life? Hmm?”
Janet laughs loudest, “Wait, wait! What the hell’s that supposed to mean? ‘Not really’?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve finds himself asking. “Did anyone know?”
But in the silence Tony just bends his right hand at the knuckles and arcs his fingertips into his left palm.
From the kitchen, Bucky hollers, “Bathroom counter last I saw!”
Three weeks later and it’s raining again. Steve’s at the Starbucks by his campus and he’s staring out the window at the big, fat rain drops.
Tony spends the next few hours showing Steve his favorite signs.
shots, Steve.”
But Baby flexes his paw and reaches again, arm wavering and not quite getting Steve’s knee.
him. Even if they’re not Steve’s words, they need to be said.
“Thor, Wasp, any sign of Ironman?”
“Uhm,” Steve clears his throat, eyes trailing back to his closed notebook. This one is completely full of Stark’s hands, all of them mid-motion, some of them labeled with the signs Steve’s been able to pick up. A few he’s sure on are the signs for ‘shield’ (one arm raised, hand fisted, as if blocking an attack at chest height while the other hand makes an open palmed, upward arching motion over it), ‘tech’ (one hand held at an angle across the chest while tapping at the flashy edge of the palm with the middle finger of the other hand while splaying out the other fingers), and ‘no’ (the index and middle fingers making a single open-closed motion towards the thumb). Stark mostly directs the last one towards his bots, thankfully.
—and then moves to the farthest corner of his lab and tinkers around with nothing and studiously ignores Steve.
Steve tries not to think about that as they pull up to what looks like a service entrance. Pepper knocks on the door and a man Steve recognizes as James ‘Rhodey’ Rhodes open the door.
. He flashes through a quick set of hand signs that Steve has no hope of following.
‘As you can see, the same signs for a word are used regardless of sentence tense. It is for this reason that the ‘Time’ must go at the beginning of the sentence.
“Thanks,” Steve says, taking them from the little dragon. “You should probably give Bucky his things back, Baby.”
Tony Stark is nothing but a self-centered murderer.
His only response is a chirp from his jacket.
Steve groans but doesn’t say anything as Bucky goes to rummage in the hall closet for the duffle he keeps full of tissues, pills, water bottles, crackers, and generally anything else Bucky feels Steve might need close at hand.
Tony clears his throat as best he can, tries to make sure that the words he wants to say will come out clear and comprehensible. After all, that’s what his voice therapist, Veda, has been trying to teach him for the last few months.
Tony grabs Steve’s wrist, shaking his head desperately, because if those aren’t his words under there, then he doesn’t need to know.
While they catch their breath, Steve trails his fingers along the spider webbing of scars on Tony’s chest.
“Shut up.”
“No, I said, ‘This goddamn dragon won’t stop rubbing his fucking face on my head, come over and watch it go crazy for a laser pointer.’”
Tony tips his head back and wheezes through another bout of laughter.
Tony stumbles into the room, half-dressed and half-asleep. “Steve,” he says again, voice tight, as he moves into Steve’s space. He snakes his arms around Steve’s waist and buries his face in Steve’s shoulder.
“Is this your hoard, Baby?”
did he do?”
“Mrs. Carter across the hall—”
Baby trills and butts his head against Steve’s ankle.
Ironman can fly.
his stomach. He looks down and, by the light of the street lamps coming through the window, he sees Baby, twitching and whimpering in his sleep.
Steve’s signing can be a bit formal so Tony thinks maybe it’s Pepper. But occasionally he’ll throw in the initialized form of a sign so maybe it’s Clint, whose signs ASL to Tony, Signed Exact English to people who piss him off, and, once, Japanese Sign Language to Rumiko.
Tony imagines what it would be like if he could speak.
Baby?”
Tony makes a soft, wet sound and pulls away, rolling into his side.
When Bucky gets back to the apartment, Steve’s showered and ready to leave.
Tony’s sign cuts him off, DON’T CARE.
“Nap time?”
It’s a dragon. A tiny, cat-sized, red and gold dragon with big blue eyes and tiny little spikes going down its back all the way to four finger length spikes on its tail. It’s soaked and its scales look dull dirty and, all in all, it looks pitiful.
“Bye, Bucky. Give Sam a kiss for me.”
Pepper nods, “He is. But he wants to see you.”
There’s another whimper and then Steve sees it, huddled down half behind the trash bin.
“Oh, yeah?” Clint asks, arms crossing. “What are your Words then, oh, Mister High Standards?”
Steve blushes and averts his eyes.
Hours later, Steve drags Tony away from his welding torch. He touches his fingertips to his lips and then covers the back of his wrist with the hand that had touched his mouth.
“Shit.”
Steve feels like crying. “Why?” he asks. “Why would he do that?
Steve rolls his eyes but says, “Thanks,” anyway.
“No, no, no, no. Come here. I promise everything will be okay. Come’er,” Steve wiggles his fingers at the little dragon, arm straining towards the little guy.
The dragon leaps off the bed and follows Steve back into the bathroom. Steve collects his pocket contents from his wet clothes, wrings them out, and then gathers them up to throw in the wash. He throws one of the used towels on the floor to collect the puddles and it’s then that the dragon decides to help.
“I said he agrees with you.”
But most of all, when it comes to Steve’s words, Tony wishes they were
“Uuuh,” Clint says, “I think… there’s a small chance I may have accidentally hit him with one of my exploding arrows about five, seven minutes ago. It ricocheted off of one on these bastard’s chest plates.”
So there’s absolutely no reason for Steve to visit Tony’s lab besides maybe saying hello and asking for armor upgrades and then leaving. Nothing about Tony—or his lab—should make Steve want to stay and hang out.
sign language?”
Bucky glares, cheeks slowly turning red. Finally, fists clenched, he says, “Dinner.”
“I’d really like to take you out some place nice and buy you dinner. And not just as a ‘thank you’ but as a date. I sorta fe—I think you’re pretty awesome. And this time I can talk back and everything!”
Tony Stark avoids doctors like the plague. Those assholes have never done anything for him.
Steve hears a “no school on Fridays” muttered from the kitchen and goes back to the news.
Shrugging, Steve offers a small smile, “I dunno, I just do.”
“If you’re sure—”
Tony nods and then signs something else.
“And you promised everything would be okay and that you wouldn’t hurt me, which, by the way, you should never promise a dragon
“Don’t look at me like that! I can’t tell! I’m not dragon kind!”
Gently, and with enough blatant movement that Tony could pull away if he felt the need to, Steve lays his hands over Tony’s, silencing the younger man.
“Really? I thought I brought them into my room,” but Steve goes to look anyway. “They’re not there!”
Sort of.
Some weeks later, Steve is making breakfast in the communal kitchen. He’s got a skillet full of eggs, another full of hash browns and bacon. He’s hoping Tony will still be sleeping by the time he’s finished. Depending on how you mark it, it’s his and Tony’s one-year anniversary.
“Where is it?”
Ironman has morals.
Steve punctuates his promise with a harsh roll of his hips. His own quiet gasp is lost in Tony’s choked groan.
“Steve—”
Bucky rubs at his forehead with his flesh hand. “You’re an idiot.”
“That’s bullshit. Peggy’s grandma is, like, a hundr—”
When Steve pulls away, slowly, Tony’s frozen, unsure if that really just happened or if he imagined it.
Ironman is a hero.
Steve, that is.
“Not helping! Look—”
The dragon wiggles his head out from under the orange fabric and watches as Steve plugs the drier in. It chirps.
“Give me a second, I have an idea!” Steve goes back to the cabinet and rummages around for one of Bucky’s hair drier. “It’s loud but it’ll feel awesome, okay?”
Baby whimpers again but wraps himself around Bucky’s cool forearm as best he can.
“That’s a surprisingly succinct story,” Steve says.
Tony signs, slowly and with great care, NOW—COME HERE—YOU.
“You gonna make it home alright?”
“Yes, mom.”
“The Humvee—”
“The sounds you make,” Steve says, quietly. “I like them. You hum along to songs in the lab sometimes when you’re happy. I like knowing that you’re happy.”
Tony learns American Sign Language in a month. He hires an assistant that knows ASL. He builds an A.I. that reads his signs through a camera and then speaks them out loud. He proves to everyone in the fucking universe that even though he can’t speak he’s still a goddamn genius and he isn’t to be underestimated.
“Got your inhaler?”
Steve jerks suddenly, head snapping over to Natasha again.
“You’re like a cat,” Steve says, rubbing at Baby’s soft gold belly scales, “except I’m not allergic to you. Maybe I should google ‘dragon expert instead.’”
“Yes?”
Tony shrugs and signs to her that that’s okay. That he only wants to be able to say one phrase, anyway.
“I always thought—.” But Steve doesn’t finish because Tony kisses him, hard and fast.
Loki nods, “I’d thought not.” He shifts, laying his torso on the bed so he’s face level with Baby. He speaks directly to the dragon, “I will not hurt you. As a promise between dragons, I am here to help you. The growling is making you weak.”
where ‘Time’ is the tense of the sentence (such as past, future, or present tense), ‘Topic’ is the subject of the sentence, ‘Comment’ is what is being said about the subject, and ‘Referent’ refers to the subject about which you are talking.
“Okay, that’s a ‘yes.’” Steve laughs, placing hand on the dragons back to hold him in place. He rubs his thumb against the dragon’s scales and walks into the kitchen.
Steve glances at Tony to see the man’s shocked face. Then, Tony’s face scrunches, as if he’s sucking on a sour candy. He crosses his arms, leans towards the table, then leans back again before uncrossing his arms to sign.
Bucky doesn’t respond, just twists the bookmark around in his metal prosthetic hand, studying it.
And Steve just fucking shrugs tells Ironman that Tony always seems so lonely and he knows what that’s like. No one should have to be alone.
Baby darts inside the machine, chirping and sniffing at the dishes. He comes back out just as fast, though, because it’s cold in there.
and that
“Oh, almost forgot.” Steve says to himself. He walks back over and bends low. Baby rears up, claws clutching Steve’s scarf, and rubs his face against Steve’s jaw.
Steve shifts, uncomfortable. His words are… well, in the various categories that Words can be sorted into, his are considered Strange. Words that don’t quite fit into any other category since they’re not obviously a Greeting, a Prompt, a Response, or a Request. At best, the frantic confession could be considered a Response, but even then, they don’t give the impression of a proper Response. They’re not answering a question or returning a greeting. They’re part of the dreaded fifth category, Strange, only surpassed in despair by the sixth category.
Tony bends to pick it up and almost faints from the head rush. He braces himself on a table and presses the ice to his face, an excuse not to look at Steve furious one.
.What have you done all day?”
“Only if you have the time. If not, he can wait. He won’t like it, but he will.”
“No, already looked.”
of Steve’s paint brushes, and the apple sectioner.
“No,” Steve finally answers. He clears his throat before continuing, “Not really.”
the end.’
Baby chirps and Steve and Bucky leave for Gabe’s dinner.
“No. Steve.”
Tony makes a knocking motion with one hand while he wipes away tears with the other.
“Nothing yet, Cap,” Janet says. “I’ll keep my eyes out.”
“Okay, towels first,” Steve says, flicking open the cabinet by the sink. He grabs a few fluffy, shockingly orange towels and sets them on the counter.
So Tony spends every moment he can spare in the suit, talking to Steve, to Pepper, and to the rest of the team. He pretends that this is what his life would have been like if he’d never gotten into that car that his father was driving. Pretends that there’s nothing wrong and that his life isn’t the goddamn train wreck that it is. Tony pretends he deserves the friends he has. Pretends that maybe whatever is under Steve’s cuff is something common, like his, but something that Tony could have said to him in the suit.
“It’s decided. Not taking a ‘no’ for an answer. I’ve already got Pepper on it.” Tony picks up his tablet again.
Before Steve can stop himself, he says, “I guess Bucky owes you that date now.”
Steve looks over to see Tony standing by the open circuitry of one of Black Widow's gauntlets. Seeing he has Steve’s attention, Tony asks, WHO—SIGN—TEACH—YOU—WHO?
. Honestly, he feels a little cheated. It’s December, it should be snow.
Steve is absolutely fascinated. “How does it work?”
Baby, as it turns out, is curled up under all six of Steve’s blankets and the heated pad (which is set on ‘high’) that Steve uses when the cold makes his joints hurt.
“Yeah,” Steve slurs, “love you, too.”
Steve aches to fill the silence. “I always thought—,” but then Tony’s grabbing him and kissing him, fierce and needy all in one.
Tony nods but then he squints at Steve, pursing his lips and leaning back on his own stool to leer at him.
Steve still thinks of it now, weeks later, laying in Tony’s king size bed, sheets tangled around their hips. Thinks about how Tony had simply signed, AGAIN, and there was nothing Steve could do to resist.
Tony sits, face scrunching for a moment before he starts counting on his fingers. He shows Clint what looks like an ‘OK’ sign.
When Steve looks back at Tony, he looks excited.
“What if he’s a baby? Like, an actual baby dragon?”
He hears the soft clanking noise of something being placed on the tabletop by his hip. Cold hands cup his face. When he finally raises his eyes, Tony’s starting at him like he could pour his very heart into Steve’s chest if he only looked at him hard enough.
“Then you make it.”
Baby sleepily chirps his agreement.
Baby grabs Steve’s glasses and offers them back.
Pepper nods.
Distantly, he hears, “Here, Bucky. I found the bookmark Sam gave you in my room.”
Before Steve can respond, Tony continues signing, somewhat hesitantly at first.
“Steve,” she says, gently, one hand still outstretched from where she’d touched Steve’s knee. “Steve, it’s okay. This is another one of those things that’s changed since you went into the ice. I apologize. I wasn’t thinking and I shouldn't have teased you like that. Homosexuality is accepted nowadays.”
“I don’t think so. Oh! Hey, will you grab me my phone?”
“You talking to me or the dragon?” Steve asks, rubbing at his stubble.
“Eir’s Dragon Services. Jane speaking.”
“Hungry?”
After a moment, Steve says, “I was serious, you know.”
“Ow! What’re you—”
“I get it, Tony. I do,” Steve says. “And you’re not any of those things people have said you are. You’re not an idiot. You’re not a monster. You’re just not.”
Unfortunately, he also feels too exposed to ask Pepper, or Rhodey, or, god forbid, Clint to help teach him how to sign so he does what any self-respecting man with a crush would do: he goes to the library.
“But Bucky—”
Steve pulls the blanket off and stands slowly, weary of vertigo. When none comes, he snatches his cell phone off the table and follows Baby’s sad chirps into the kitchen.
Baby trills.
“This him?” Rhodey asks.
Too often though, he’ll find pages and pages of Stark’s face, neck, shoulders, arms. Stark’s everything, drawn from memory and immortalized in charcoal, ink, graphite in the pages of Steve’s notebooks.
Tony tries not to think about how his words make sense now. Tries not to think that the first thing his soulmate will say to him is about his disability. Tries not to flinch every time he hears someone say the same phrase he has marked on the left side of his rib cage, just under his pectoral.
Steve raises an eyebrow at the dragon as he slides his glasses in a pocket for later. “What else you got down there?” He asks as he moves to his knees to look under the bed.
“Right now?”
“Thank you.” Steve leans down and gives Baby a kiss to the top of his head. “I have to get to work; be good for Bucky, okay? He’s wearing his dog tags today and that’s not really a good sign.”
Steve’s stomach drops out.
When he makes it into the kitchen Bucky’s already there cooking breakfast, his long hair pulled into a ponytail. The dragon is standing on his hind legs, his claws gripping onto the edge of a cabinet, neck stretched out and nose sniffing at the stove.
But Tony pouts and Pepper eventually admits that, yes, she has critiqued Steve on his signs once or twice and has shown him the signs for a few words he was wondering about.
“Get closer.” There’s a moment when neither speak, then, “What kind of dragon do you have?”
Tony settles back against the pillows and smiles.
Steve never takes the cuff off, not even for sex, and the one time Tony had asked what it says—because Steve’s seen Tony’s words curling across his ribs, has run his hands over them and pressed is lips to them in small, soft kisses—Steve says it doesn’t matter before pulling away, just slightly, just enough. Just enough for Tony to know that Steve still cares about them—both his words and his soulmate. Just enough for Tony to know that he doesn’t matter to Steve quite as much as he wants to.
The dragon seems to consider this for a moment, its head tipping to the side gently. Suddenly, it makes a little chirping sound before it flings itself at Steve’s chest, nearly knocking the man over. The dragon’s tiny claws scrabble for purchase on Steve’s wet jacket, its snout nuzzling under Steve’s chin.
Tony doesn’t answer so Steve continues.
. With
From the corner of his eye he can see Ironman stand and leave the room. While part of the dismissal hurts, at least Steve won’t have to worry about fighting ol’ Shellhead.
Tony drops the ice pack to the table, cups Steve’s cheeks with his cold hands, and shakes his head. Tony feels tears prickle in his eyes. He shakes his head again, not willing to let go of Steve to explain yet. When Steve meets his eyes again, Tony catches a glimpse of the small boy from Brooklyn that Steve used to be. The one he still feels like some days. The one that’s used to falling short and not being enough.
Tony snickers for a moment, breathlessly, but then winces, a hand pressing to his throat.
“I need—,” Steve starts, tugging his arms out of the sleeves. It leaves him in his t-shirt, jacket falling uselessly to the floor. And then Steve starts rolling the edge of his fabric cuff down.
Tony googles ‘speech therapy’, memorizes a few phone numbers, and then deletes the results from his browser history.
The dragon pouts. Somehow.
Steve circles his fist over his chest. SORRY.
“—evidence that Obadiah Stane, Howard Stark’s close friend and confidante,
“Anyway, so I stayed with you because I figured if Stane got word I was still alive then he’d
“This is bull shit,” but Bucky heads over to the counter anyway.
Tony would tell Steve, again and again, how much he loves him. Over and over until he loses his voice again.
“Hi! Uhm, my name’s Steve. My dragon, he’s really sick and I don’t know what to do. I saw your page online and I’ve been trying to lower his temperature but he just keeps getting hotter and I’m getting really worried. Do you make house calls or is there somewhere can take him or schedule an appointment or something? I’m—he’s just… he’s only… tiny.”
But the dragon shakes it off with a little chirp.
Steve continues, “It’s not pity, Tony. I don’t pity you. I—I genuinely enjoy your company. You’re smart and funny and probably the most compassionate person I’ve ever met. I had hoped that you were at least considering me a friend but… but if I’m infringing on your space down here, I can leave. Just say the word. It’s just…” Steve sighs, “Most days, it seems like the lab is the only place in the whole mansion where I can find some peace and just be myself. Without any expectations of being Captain America, too.”
“I promise not to hurt you. Come’er. My name’s Steve, okay? It can’t be fun in this rain. Let me take you home, okay? I have warm blankets and everything.”
“Don’t look at me like that…” Steve rubs a hand over his face. “Goddamnit, bullied around by a pint sized dragon. At least give Bucky back his bookmark, okay? He doesn’t remember it right now but he’ll miss it in a few days when he’s feeling better.”
Steve pulls Tony into his arms and buries his face against the uninjured side of Tony’s neck. “I love you so goddamn much, Tony. I’m not going to ask you to stop being Ironman; no one else could even compare. I just need you to make sure you come home to me in one piece, okay?”
“Time for what?”
He doesn’t miss how the car pulls away from the curb to follow.
So Tony concentrates and forces out a small, gravely, “Steve,” and he can feel Steve stiffen in his arms but he has to press on, has to get the rest out before Steve interrupts him.
It’s not like he
Baby chirps, preening.
Loki is sitting on Steve’s bed, hand hovering over Baby’s bare back, damp towel tossed towards Steve’s pillow.
Besides, it’s not as if Steve isn’t also drawing the other people he’s met in this new future either: he’s got a few pages of Natasha’s curls; the intricate lines of Ironman’s mask; Hawkeye’s arms as he practices his shooting; Dr. Banner hunched over a work station; Wasp’s board and carefree smile; Pepper’s stern frown and Happy’s beefy back; Agent Coulson’s receding hairline; the intricate carving of mjolnir. But, by and large, most pages of his new sketchbooks seem to be taken up by warm brown eyes and a playful, knowing smirk.
Baby chirps.
The dragon chirps again before it moves to the basket under the sink, the one full of cleaning supplies and hand tools. The dragon grabs the basket with its front claws and tips it over. It picks through the mess until it find a wrench. Picking the tool up in its snout, the dragon bounds over to Steve’s feet and sets it down with another little chirp.
Even if he understands what he assumes is Tony’s reasoning, he still needs to assuage his remaining fears, answer his last few questions. But as he makes his way closer to the lab, he finds himself growing more and more furious.
“So you’ll come see him? Now?”
Baby trills, accepts Steve’s apology, and snatches the sausage out of Steve’s hand before taking it to the other end of the couch to eat. Baby does this for all of breakfast, snatching food from Steve’s fingers and walking off to eat it before coming back for more. The dragon lets out a happy little trill every time Steve offers him more food.
“The information came from James Rhodes, childhood friend of Tony Stark, who has said—”
Bucky drops his book on his face with a groan.
They meet once a week every week. Pepper, when she sees the time blocked out in his planner, rolls her eyes and gives him a soft smile. She tells him she’s proud of him.
And every day, Tony tells Steve the same thing back.
“Sounds serious.”
“But then I ended up breaking the curse. Which is the weird part because it doesn’t have to be ‘true love’s kiss’ like in the movies. It can just sorta be any selfless act based on love, so…
The first thing Steve notices about the room is that it’s very big and very bright. One whole wall is windows.
The dragon chirps.
Silently, Steve offers up his mug of coffee.
“Anytime,” Steve shrugs.
“Alright, alright, cool your jets. It’s just a bedroom.” But as soon as Steve opens the door the dragon’s already slithered in and is exploring every corner. He’s a little red blur, going from under Steve’s bed to on top of it to his drafting desk to his chest of drawers to
Steve wakes in the middle of the night feeling like his stomach is on fire. He jerks awake and throws back the covers because the pain isn’t
Steve squeaks, too.
Baby chirps and hops off his hoard. He runs up to Steve and butts his head into the man’s shin. Baby chirps again.
The way Tony says it makes Steve think of every time Baby would chirp.
“Oh.” Steve stalls. He looks down, pulling his scarf up to his nose. He knows he’s blushing.
Steve laughs, “Looking forward to it. I’m probably gonna nap again before then though.”
Sam, the little shit, smirks and says, “What was that? I didn’t hear you.”
Tony laughs. “You’re such a little shit. Like, you have no idea. It was so much fun watching you and Bucks go at it.”
Bucky’s out of the bed and across the room before he even thinks about it. He pulls Steve into a hug. “It’s okay, alright? Let’s go check on, Baby.” Bucky keeps an arm around Steve’s shoulders as they make their way back to Steve’ room.
“Can someone—pants?” the man asks, voices slurred. He moves shakily, pushing himself up onto his hands and folding his legs under himself. He flops over and leans against the wall, eyes closed, face bright red.
Steve grunts instead of answering. He moves over the stool at the bar and sits.
“Mr. Stane?” Bucky paused and seemed to think for a long moment. “I can see that. He’s… unsettling. I’ve only met him once or twice at the Stark Vet C.P. Clinic.”
JARVIS asks for his creator.
Two chirps.
Loki gives a half smile and straightens up. “Have you always known he had a human form?”
Well, no. Ironman can’t
“I—I don’t know. I found him behind a dumpster on the third. He’s only been here for a month.”
but he said what he needed to say so it has to be enough for now. It
“Don’t get him started, Rogers,” Fury tries to say but that British voice interrupts.
To Happy, he’d tell him every lame joke he’d ever thought the man would like but relied on homophones for the punch lines. They just didn’t translate as well in sign sometimes.
Steve rattles it off before he can think better of it.
Some weeks later, Steve is seated in Tony’s lab again when Tony suddenly knocks his knuckles on his workbench.
“I dunno. Ask Baby?”
“Thanks, Baby.”
Not really.
Steve tosses his phone on the coffee table and when he looks up Baby’s staring at him, head tilted to the side.
“I’m going to call an ambulance,” Loki says, pulling out his phone.
Tony’s lips are warm and soft and just slightly chapped and it’s a really fucking nice kiss.
He looks at Steve.
Steve shakes his head.
Steve’s chest feels like it’s about to burst open in the best way.
“Will he heal better in his human form?” Steve asks.
“Bucky, you home?” Steve asks as he slips through the door. He sets his portfolio down gently and, keeping a hand on the dragon’s back, moves into the main room. “Bucks?”
Another chirp.
Across the room, Natasha hums and murmurs a soft, “Fitting,” into her drink.
And after, Tony can’t find the right signs to refuse when Steve asks him to dinner later. So he just nods and knocks his knuckles into Steve’s bare chest.
Bucky feels like breaking something. “With me.”
Baby chirps excitedly and places a clawed hand on Bucky’s knee. He chirps again.
Baby chirps.
Hours later, when Steve wanders into the lab, Tony gives him a well-placed shove and signs, quick and angry, that he doesn’t appreciate anyone’s pity.
Tony can see her eyes widen and her jaw drop. Her hands fly to her face and in a second she’s crossed the ten feet that separate them and goes to press a bundle of gauze to his face.
The room at large seems to sputter.
The woman smiles, “Steve Rogers, right?”
“Still doesn’t tell me much but I’m guessing you mean ‘boy,’ right?”
“Alright,” he says, coming to a stop. He holds a hand out, “Steve Rogers.”
“What?” Tony glances at him and then does a double take.
Why the hell did he ever think he could be more than lowly, sissy, little Tony Stark? Just a weak, fleshy thing in a suit of armor.
Loki looks at them like maybe they’re idiots. “He’s healed you. And it’s killing him.”
“My memory problems… your cold…” Bucky places a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Before he can think better of it, Steve knocks on one of the glass doors.
Steve does, mostly out of shock. “Wh-what?”
get angry and I didn’t want you guys getting hurt. So I kept my eye on my story in the news.
“Shit! Are you okay?”
Embarrassingly, all Steve says is, “Oh, shit. You! It’s you! You’re okay!” and he lurches forward to tackle the man in a hug before he thinks better of it.
“No, what did you call him?”
Steve rolls his hips twice more before stilling again. He braces his hands on Tony’s chest, on either side of the softly glowing arc reactor.
Baby chirps.
Steve’s halfway out the door when he stops and looks over his should, a dark blush across his cheeks. “You… you aren’t one of those dragons that can turn into a person, are you?”
Stay.
“You can keep the extra things but if it’s not mine or if it’s needed, you should give it back.”
Later that night, when Steve and Bucky return, they’re too busy laughing about Monty and Gabe’s houseplant to notice there weren’t any welcoming chirps.
turn back, he feels so weak. He says the spell kept him from changing forms. But the spell itself is broken. Its aftereffects, though, are still poisoning him.”
Their first kiss is shared over the open spinal circuitry of an Ironman suit. Steve had been watching Tony’s lips form soundless words for the better part of an hour, pouring over some problem he’d encountered. Steve had been trying to focus on a sketch of a cathedral’s stained glass he remembered from the war. But every low hum or coarse grunt drew his eyes further and further away from the pages of his book and closer and closer to Tony’s workbench until he suddenly found himself standing across from the other man and leaning in. It was like fireworks.
Still red faced, Steve stutters through his response. He signs, ME... INTERNET.
“I’m keeping it!” Steve grabs blindly into the fridge and runs to his room.
STAY, Tony had signed.
Steve grabs his water bottle, stalling for time as he scrambles for any reason other than, ‘I think I’m in love with your boss.’ For some reason, he doesn’t think that would go down too well.
“Yes,” Steve hisses as Tony’s thrusts take on an urgent edge. Begging, he says, “Please. I want to hear you come.”
He downs maybe half of it before handing it back. Voice scratchy, Tony says, “I love you, Steve.”
Dark and just as jagged as Tony’s voice is.
“I’m so mad at you,” Steve says, gently. “I’m fucking furious. And I think I’m most pissed about the fact that you just left without letting anyone check out your injuries. And I’m mad that this”—he raps at the arc reaction in Tony’s chest— “powers the suit
“Dunno, they haven’t got a ransom message yet.” Steve grabs his plate off the table and moves to sit up, Baby rolling off his chest with a disgruntled chirp. Steve grabs a sausage off the plate and holds it out to the dragon.
“No.”
Not at all.
“Tell him yourself!” Steve hollers back but his voice is drowned out by the rain and wind.
“I guess I shouldn’t make fun of you for that. I’m always gonna be tiny, too.”
Baby gives a weak chirp and, with a shudder, there’s suddenly a very naked man on Steve’s bed instead of a small dragon. The man has his face buried between the mattress and Steve’s thigh. His skin is flushed red and his chocolate hair is matted with sweat.
