Sherlock worked his way straight as an arrow past the patio tables, through the flower gardens to the small bench half-hidden by the weeping bushes. A spike of pure relief shot through Sherlock at spotting a familiar form there. It slid quickly to concern at how the boy sat though, knees hugged to chest, his back a silent curve of distress. Sherlock dropped the basket in his hurry to reach him.
“He’s been busy at the table sorting all the bridesmaids with dates, pointing out men he thinks they should go for.” Evelyn giggled. “We’ll have to see if he’s right.”
“No matter. So, how are things with you, dear lady?”  Sherlock locked up to focus on Molly. She had her hair up in a new hairstyle. It looked good on her.
“I think Victor may want us to come out of his guest room eventually,” Sherlock said, sounding half asleep again.
Sherlock tucked the sheet more securely around himself as he trailed into the men’s changing area, searching for signs of John. It was relatively deserted this late in the evening. He nodded to the only other occupant, an older Cardassian man, as he passed Sherlock on his way out.
“Oh, sweetheart.” John felt a prickle in his throat. He blinked his eyes again. Was it to be waterworks for him all the time, now? “Come here.” John pulled Sherlock into a tight hug.  He sighed into Sherlock’s collar.
John knew Sherlock’s flat number, 2B, and made his way up to the first floor taking the steps two at a time. He stopped when he found the door with the right brass numbers affixed to the front. Taking a deep breath, John knocked. After a minute of waiting, he knocked again, praying that Sherlock wasn’t out. He could certainly try the workshop if he wasn’t at home, but he hoped  . . .
Thankfully the footballers kept to themselves the rest of the evening, and Sherlock and John were able to enjoy their meal quietly. John didn’t feel as relaxed as he had before though. He kept thinking about the gossip that was going to be passed around at the next practice.
“Alright, Sherlock,” John obligingly tried out the unfamiliar name on his tongue. “So then why do you . . .”
John sighed. He truly was a bit weary, and now Sherlock was ordering him around the yard. But he was intrigued. And Sherlock seemed to have some idea of what was going to happen, whereas he had none whatsoever, so...lackey seemed an apt role for the time being. He made a mark in the frozen ground with his foot.
John woke into hazy, early light, waiting a moment as full consciousness and awareness of the man sleeping nearby settled over him. John was so comfortable, the idea of ever getting up seemed sacrilege. He turned his head to find Sherlock sprawled beside him, his face mere inches away on the neighboring pillow. His face was sweetly relaxed, looking near angelic in his sleep. God, the man was unfairly pretty. And so not interested in John. (Or men? Or relationships?) Which was a crying shame as one of his long legs was currently thrown across the lower half of John’s body, trapping him against the mattress. It was okay, John reassured himself. Sherlock really was a handful. Probably be a crap boyfriend when it came right down to it. It was likely for the best if they just remained friends, or simply roommates. John had enough going on with his studies and football practice. No time really for any romantic entanglements.
John turned onto his side away from Sherlock to face the wall.  He wanted to groan when his traitorous brain began to conjure images of Sherlock in dance gear. Had he worn shorts or those skin-hugging leggings, or maybe tights with a cup John wondered? God, the idea of those mile-long legs encased in pink lycra . . .
John said to the tall Witch holding the door. She nodded and babbled something in German as she walked on.
Sherlock felt a prime burst of adrenaline pour over him at the grand reveal. With a flourish he ripped open the small metallic bag of sand being used as weight for the balloon bouquet to unearth the netsuke nestled inside. It looked like a small, curled otter.
“But that’s ridiculous! John practically lives here!” Sherlock exploded. The Cardassians that guarded the gate to their community were a nuisance to be gotten through every time their driver ferried them back and forth, but it was usually just a formality, a quick nod before they passed through.
“Had to take a leak.” Sherlock nodded back toward the scrub behind them. “Not a lot of facilities out here.”
The morning had started out so beautifully, waking late to the sun streaming in the dorm windows, a gorgeous boyfriend snoring slightly in his ear. John had stretched, and contemplated which part of Sherlock he was going to nibble at first when a polite throat clearing turned his head. Mycroft Holmes was sat with a newspaper on a padded swivel chair that John was certain hadn’t been in the room when they’d tumbled into bed last night. John blushed when he thought about what he’d been doing with Mycroft’s little brother just a few hours before. He was grateful the man hadn’t arrived any earlier.
“Erm, yeah, right. He is my roommate.” John tried to shrug nonchalantly. “I never see him though. He’s never there.”
Although the men did not favor each other in looks, they both pulled their upper lips into such identical sneers that John could instantly see the family resemblance.
“Is that alright?” John licked a stripe up the underside, enjoying the heft of him on his tongue enormously. Sherlock’s cock was long and elegant like the rest of him.
“It’s so obvious, isn’t it?” Sherlock looked embarrassed. “I went through a rebellious phase after my Nan died.”
“Fantastic!” Sherlock said. “Did you notice how well they shifted between major and minor chords, and the syncopated rhythm? It was subtle, but such a backbone to the music.”
“Imogene, how are you?” Sherlock smiled at the beautiful, dusky-skinned woman holding Sarah’s lead. They’d had her and Sarah over a few times to their flat and vice versa.
“Wonderful. Here, come and sit. You must try the biscuits.” She motioned to a nearby island with stools where John and Sherlock dutifully took seats. “It’s a new recipe.”
“What’s that thing?” Tall one asked pointing at a silver cup higher up. They all looked closer as he sniggered. “It’s got TITS on it!”
“We all need to do our part. If you’re not for the Resistance, you’re for the Cardassians,” Kira stared them all down in turn. “Do you want to work for the Cardassians?”
A fresh wave of Alpha scent bullied its way in, scattering the Omega haze as Angela Hastings strode in. “Don’t you two have sessions this morning?”
“Since you’re so close to Sherlock, I wonder if you might consider giving me information about him, regular reports. Nothing untoward of course, just how he’s doing at university.” The man leaned a bit closer, steepling his fingers together over the tabletop. “I could pay you a meaningful sum of money for your trouble.”
“Fine. We’ll sort this out later. I need to see to my bags,” the tall git sneered before whirling out the door.
“Mr. Holmes?” A young woman with a scar from one end of her face to the other, and hair dyed a rather alarming shade of green hailed him.
“Oh I know her, she’s called Hannah. She’s in my English class,” Bill said. “Want me to introduce you?”
John woke suddenly in the night unsure what had disturbed him. He rolled over and stopped as his eyes landed on Sherlock standing beside his bed.  He looked so pale in the moonlight streaming in through the window.
“Oh don’t worry about me. Come to bed whenever you like. I’m here to serve you. If you need anything, just let me know.” He smiled charmingly.
“Is that so, old mother? I’m not sure that would be to your liking.” The man, a burly Bajoran with a scar along one cheekbone, raked a skeptical glance over the two of them.  John unconsciously puffed up, standing taller under the scrutiny.
As his attention wandered he found it slipping more and more towards the vision of Sherlock on his hands and knees, or increasingly elbows and knees with his perfect, round, gorgeous arse bobbing around in a very enticing fashion.
The door slid open with a slight hiss. Sherlock didn’t allow the relief he felt to register as he stepped inside, the sharp antiseptic odor of the too-bright corridor assaulting his nose. It was easy to bluff his way past the guards at the front desk, flashing his concocted ID badge. They hardly looked past the intimidating black uniform or the haughty sneer on his face. Sherlock silently thanked his brother for the template of his arch airs as he ordered the staff about, demanding reports on all the prisoners taken several hours earlier.
“I think you just didn’t notice them.” John’s eyes went soft. “I can’t believe people didn’t notice you.”
“Yes, oh, yes,” Sherlock breathed, tipping his head back to let John’s mouth go where it would as John rocked against him.
“Yeah, I guess so.” John blew out a breath. He didn’t need to be a wally about this. Gradually he relaxed his death grip on the blankets, allowing them to slide back down.
“John, you won’t tell Sherlock I told you, will you?” Molly touched John’s arm. “When he comes up with his big surprise?”
Finally after a few failed attempts, they had the ball in play. Thomas, passed it to John, and he felt time stand still as he moved it between the shapes in his way, dodging, running, sound stretched and muddied around him as the way opened and he kicked the ball with all he had. It hung in the air for a moment before arcing toward the goal, shooting right past an outstretched hand into the net. John could hardly suck in a breath. He’d actually scored from midfield. The noise rushed in with a huge crash as the cries reached him.
Football practice was brutal that afternoon. Coach Reynolds had them running laps about the gym, and then practicing some new plays until they were all bending over to catch their breath, wiping the streams of sweat away.
“Erm, no. I broke up with Victor, sadly,” Sherlock managed in a pinched voice. “This, however, is John.”
“What  . . .” Sherlock asked, and suddenly he was crouched down in his back garden, the one where he grew up, poking at a small dead bird with a stick.
Years had passed since Sherlock had actually cared about anything. It was a heady brew to have something to live for again. Sherlock reveled in the excitement that coursed through his veins as he secreted a stack of supplies in the utility closet, or hacked into another logy computer system, bending data trails to his will. Sherlock had almost forgotten how good it felt to turn his sizeable intellect toward something worthwhile.
Sherlock sighed. He was leaving tomorrow. He’d have to tell John something, make up a story about having to return to London unexpectedly. They had each other’s mobile numbers already, and he could always ask for John’s email address.
“Look, fine. If you don’t want to go, just say so.”  John worked his way out from under Sherlock and rolled away onto his side. Everything felt suddenly cold and awful.
John made his way down the corridor to the room he knew held the library. It was a cheerful place filled with rows of books, big squashy armchairs, and a wide fireplace set to one side. It must be cozy in the winter he thought. Right now though, curtained glass doors hung slightly open to let in the balmy night air. John tilted his head to read the spines of the books set along the shelves. He trailed along, pulling down likely candidates to flip through. When he’d found one that looked like a good action story, he turned to leave, and noticed the pleasing whir of the crickets outside.  John was suddenly seized with the notion of how nice it would be to slip out for just a moment to breathe in the quiet dark of the night. John pushed the doors wider and stepped onto what looked like a small porch. He breathed in deeply letting the heady scent of roses wash over him. When he realized he smelled burning tobacco along with the flowers, he turned, startled, toward the source.
“John, I have some news.” Sherlock licked his lips, struggling to think clearly. “There’s a place I found, it has weapons, and aircraft. They’ll be doing maintenance on the security next Eighth-day. I have a schemata of the building . . .”
“It is lovely.” John smiled at Sherlock’s head of dark curls bent over his sticky work. “So . . . Victor?”
“Well, I think we’ll have to share those awards, I couldn’t have done it without you.” John slotted himself beside Sherlock, gathering the man against him.
“Ah, you must come back when you have more time.” Angelo pulled such a disappointed face that John almost laughed.
“I hope this is done by dinner, I heard there’s a shipment of zabu in at the base. Haven’t had a good piece of meat in an age . . .”
Sherlock hummed something noncommittal in reply, and took John’s drink from him, tipping it back to drain it. “John, it’s so hard to pin down . . .”
“Yeah, it’s only four more days before all the regulars come back anyway,” John added. “We’ll just tell the rest of the office you had to go home early – family emergency.”
Molly took the business card, black with silver writing over it, classy. Irene had paid top dollar for them.  “All right. I’ll think about.”
The wall screen leapt to life on a reporter speaking, a recorded clip playing over his shoulder. “  . . . recent terrorist attacks on the East Lothar power plant were easily repelled by military forces stationed nearby. Only minimal damage to the facility . . .” An explosion in the recording highlighted the masked figures scrambling about in the foreground. It looked like a scene from an action drama, hardly something out of real life. Sherlock sighed.
“Thank you.” Sherlock dropped his eyes to the ground. He might have blushed, but he had such high color already over his face, it was hard to tell.
Sherlock swallowed as John turned to face him. Best get this over with he thought. “John, I understand if you want to leave . . .”
“Oh, God, yes. Keep doing that and I might forgive you for doing this to me, you unspeakable Alpha brute.” Sherlock groaned as John’s fingers dug into just the right spot.
“Yes, I agree, he does need to eat more.” John grinned at the woman, and Sherlock rolled his eyes seeing the two of them ganging up on him already.
Though the hobbit wriggled and protested, the dragon used the tip of a talon to carefully strip away the creature’s clothes, holding him down to better examine him. The dragon ran his warm rough tongue delicately over the hobbit’s body into every crack and crevice noticing that after a few minutes, the creature was no longer trying to wiggle out of his grasp, but was spreading his legs to grant him better access.
John stepped forward to grasp Sherlock’s arm. Where John had touched Sherlock shifted and turned the same colour as John’s skin. “Now that’s quite eerie,” he said.
“You, two. OUT.” She jerked her head to the door, and the younger boys scampered out on Alastaire’s heels.
They moved through the cube room, the floor thankfully now clean, to find the door that would take them into the maze. Sherlock opened a blank page on the laptop, and turned the screen to its brightest level. Once they had unlocked the door. Sherlock led, holding the screen before him to light the way. John blew out a whistle.
John’s eyes went round. “Tea? Real tea? Prophets, I’d take a disruptor blast to the ballsack for some actual, real tea.”
“I think it will work best if I you lube my glans but not your shaft as I’ll need a grip,” Sherlock said, grabbing the bottle of lubricant from the bedside drawer.
“Oh, that was magnificent, thank you.” John reached out to thread fingers into dark curls, tugging Sherlock down for a kiss. He tasted sweet and bitter mixed together.
He limped to the freshly-made bed, dropping his bag to the ground as he slumped onto it. Leaving over, he fished out both his laptop, and a cold pack wrapped in a plastic bag. With a sigh, John maneuvered himself onto the bed, grabbing a pillow to shove under his left foot. He settled the ice pack over his swollen ankle before settling back with his computer.
Sherlock felt the brief moment of weightlessness swoop through him as the vehicle dived sharply downward. Everyone called out as the sight of the ground rising to meet them filled the windscreen. Lupaza pulled up at the last second, hitting the ground with a thump rather than a crash. They slid, bumping wildly until the vehicle came to a halt just before careening into the massive stone wall rising over them.
Harry produced some cigarettes, and easily slipped one out of the packet into her mouth as she drove.  “Who wants a fag?” she asked shaking the package around the car.
“Yes, that’s right. God, how do you DO that?” John shook his head at this wizardly being who plucked information straight from the air. “I bet some rugby mates that Arsenal would beat Manchester that year. They didn’t of course, and my forfeit was colouring my hair. God, the old man nearly . . .” John cut himself off, forcing a chuckle.  He cleared his throat. “Well, I appreciate a lift in such a brilliant automobile, thank you.”
“I can see that,” John said. “Come here, you’ve got . . .” He motioned to Sherlock’s head, and the taller boy obligingly dipped down to let John knock away stray petals that had settled into his dark curls. Sherlock wrinkled his nose, sighing impatiently until John had finished.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know he would go on like that. If you want to go . . .” Sherlock had flushed over his cheeks.
"Don't. Stop. Don't stop." He pleads, half giggling. He’s not sure how far to go with this little game. "Not that...anything but that..."
“Owen, are you going to eat that poor bastard or just worry it to death?” Teddy nudged Owen beside him. The boy stared off into space while half-heartedly pushing a sausage through the beans on his plate.
Sooner than John liked, Sherlock was parking the truck at the kerb outside Harry’s. John pulled out his phone, but Harry still hadn’t replied. He led Sherlock to the front door, ushering him in to the small but tastefully decorated foyer.
Sherlock crossed the room to crawl over the bed on all fours until he had straddled John’s hips, hands braced on either side of his head.  Sherlock’s eyes were blazing, like living coals. “I like you on my bed very much, in fact.”
The sting when it came was unexpected. A lash to his left thigh. Mycroft cried out.  He drifted in a haze as the blows came, some heavy, some light. They landed across his limbs, his torso, all carefully avoiding his face, and the erection that must be tenting his pants most obscenely by now.
“The mead was on sale.” Owen shrugged with a smile. “Come on, sometimes a man just needs to get drunk.”
Footfalls and the whoosh of the door to the bathroom told John that he had left the room. He blew out a breath and willed himself to settle, relaxing into the bonds that held his wrists fast.
“If you liked that, you might want to try this one as well.” Sherlock moved to open a container of his prized borage honey.
Sherlock rubbed circles over John’s back, feeling him go sweetly slack as sleep overtook him. He lay for awhile listening to the steady rhythm of John’s breathing before he too finally relaxed enough to drift off.
“Here,” John said spreading the book across their laps, and they each grabbed an edge to steady it. Two heads, one dark as midnight, the other bright as midday, bent over the pages as they devoured the story.
“I’m not a tenant,” John bristled, feeling his blood pressure starting to rise. “I’m his . . .” John fumbled. Somehow ‘boyfriend’ didn’t sound strong enough for the circumstance, and he didn’t have another term that sounded better.
“Now how did you know about my being a doctor? You’re doing that mind reading thing again aren’t you?”
“Oh, right, of course. It helps us all, doesn’t it?” Kate shrugged. She watched somewhat forlornly from the door as they moved into the lift.
“I hope so too. I hate seeing the little ones begging. I always give them anything in my pockets.” Molly bit at her lip.
“Wait, wait, please.” A pretty young witch with wild, curly brown hair, and a big striped bag bouncing over her shoulder waved a ticket as she rushed to join them.
Somehow he got them all sorted, undressed down to smalls, covers over, and their guest rolled into the center before he turned out the light and slipped into the bed beside Victor.
“It’s better we don’t advertise all that,” Sherlock muttered. “The less who know my involvement, the better.”
“Either. Both, at some point, if you’re up for that. But honestly, it’s not a big deal if it’s not something you want. I’m more than satisfied with what we’ve been doing so far.”
“Hmm?” Sherlock looked up from where he was bent over his microscope. He had his safety goggles pushed back, rucking his fringe up. It reminded John how overdue they both were for a haircut.
you talking about?” Sherlock burst out, completely confused. The detective suspected that the vast quantities of his blood heading southward was the main reason his mental facilities had become so muddled. He could do nothing to stop the direction of the tide, and the discomfort was almost unbearable.
His boxers, the last shred of his dignity, were cut away, and a warm wet engulfed his throbbing prick
John slipped fingers over the length of him, curving his hand to hold him at the base. Sherlock’s cock was long and slender like his whole self, and tilted slightly to the left. John wouldn’t have minded a casting made of his lover’s erect member he mused dreamily. He could use it as a paper weight at work, or perhaps just keep it at home, have it done in plaster or maybe Lucite. God it would be a beautiful thing . . .
“I wouldn’t speak too soon,” Sherlock said, interrupting Kira’s nattering. He pointed toward the odd pattern of lights flashing close to where the shield met the ground, past the storage sheds.
“Alright.” The woman smiled, jotting his order down on her notepad.  She swung her gaze to include John, and Sherlock watched as her whole demeanor changed when her eyes landed on the doctor properly. The waitress shifted her weight, pushing one hip out as to better cant her ample chest forward in John’s direction.  She smiled, and spoke in a voice much higher and threadier than previously used. “Would you like anything to go with it? We’ve some nice pies on tonight.” She made it sound as if she were discussing something much different than the mere selection of pastries.
Sherlock obligingly reached out and shut off the small bedside lamp. He settled down against the relaxed from of John again, allowing his steady breathing to lull him into his own peace, falling into a deeper sleep than he’d had in ages.
John spent his days reading, cooking and tempting Sherlock away from his work for a board game or a more adult game with some of the “toys” in their bedroom. He truly couldn’t imagine being happier.
Sherlock acknowledged this with a tip of the head. “All right. You won that one. But I get to pick the next game. I challenge you to Battleship.”
Alastaire looked fit to spit nails, but his cousins just snorted at him, telling him to shut his trap. When Marie appeared shortly thereafter shooing platters of food and lemonade to land at tables on the patio, the game naturally broke up in favour of afternoon tea. Alastaire bumped roughly against John as they landed on the grass.
If the boy had a tail, it would have been tucked between his legs as he limped back into line. Sherlock tried not to gloat.
Sherlock led John from the bustle of the tent into the dark of the grounds beyond. Twice they passed shadowy forms giggling in the bushes, clearly other couples with their same good idea. Though John has seen much of the gardens during the day, it had shifted into something strange and fey in the cloak of night. John held onto Sherlock’s hand as he pulled him through the lush fragrance of half-formed plants, past a burbling fountain pouring its silvery stream out in the moonlight, leaving the music of the water behind as they moved ever onward along the unseen path. Finally Sherlock tugged John past some tall bushes to reach their destination, a secluded little nook. He guided John to a small curved bench, clambering into his lap as he sat, his long legs folded against the outside of John’s.
“John, sweet man, beautiful boy,” Sherlock murmured along John’s neck between nips and licks as his hand worked magic pumping over John below. The pleasure rolled over him in waves pulling him under until John exploded, crying out his release into Sherlock’s mop of curls.
“Sherlock . . . what?” John trailed off trying not to stare at all the humanity, though his eyes stubbornly bounced back to the rosy-tipped breasts, and swinging cocks on display.
“John.” Sherlock blushed. “That is patently untrue, as I am at this dance with the most attractive man in existence."
The intervening time was interminable, but Sherlock forced himself to be polite, shake hands, and accept the well-wishes of his parents’ friends. The only true suffering came from deflecting the attention all the young ladies in attendance seemed to be sending his way in unwanted waves. Again Molly remained his savior, allowing him to pay court to her as soon as she showed up with her family. While her two younger brothers dived into the food table, Sherlock crooked his arm for Molly and escorted her to the dance floor with decorum. He felt a bit guilty when he saw her mother beaming brightly their way.
Over the next few minutes she told her story, of meeting an attractive man who seemed to be everything she’d ever wanted until she agreed to marry him. Then her entire world changed.
At least he was there the next morning when John rolled over to silence the new alarm clock bleeping by his head. The mop of dark curls peeking out from the duvet beside him roused slightly, but John kissed the man’s forehead and told him to go back to sleep. John smiled as Sherlock murmured something drowsily and burrowed deeper under the covers. Quietly, John dressed himself in a new outfit, and made his way down to the kitchen for a quick breakfast. He ate a bowl of cereal, and checked to be sure he had everything before heading out. It felt like the first day of school, and John tamped down the butterflies in his stomach as he started the Vauxhall, moving into the modest flow of traffic that thickened as he reached Eastbourne.
“What?” the dwarves exclaimed rounding on the Little Hobbit. “You’ve known all this time and said nothing?”
John slumped once all had finally passed, pressing his forehead to Sherlock’s temple and they lay wrapped together on the floor as the hotel bedroom gradually reassembled around them. John eventually detached himself to fetch a flannel to wipe up, and they both worked to right the room, John straightening the bedding as Sherlock found the downed lamp and returned it to the bedside table.
“Well, then I’ll be doing us both a favour, won’t I?” Sherlock wrinked his nose . “Thanks for the information, and I don’t mind helping your friend.” Sherlock lifted the doza platter, holding it up to offer one to Molly. “I do seem to have a little free time on my hands these days.”
The bright sound of tinny music coming from a nearby portable speaker jolted both of their heads upright. Across the room, someone in a gorilla costume holding a batch of balloons had entered the pub. They watched as the creature approached a man in a smart pink button-up shirt, and close-fitting jeans. Ah, the investment banker, of course.
The Little Hobbit who had found a treasure chest to hide behind quaked all the way to his furry toes hoping he wouldn’t be found out.
John, Naavi and Lupaza, were grouped around the table set for breakfast. They looked up as he entered. John stood, moving to Sherlock’s side instantly. He went up on the balls of his feet to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s mouth.
“Maintenance check of ballistic equipment,” Sherlock said, shaking the tool box he held in emphasis. It was growing heavy in his hand.
“What?” John swiveled to better face the man. “What are you on about, Mycroft? I love him, all right? I fucking love him. I’d kill anyone who hurts Sherlock, and I’m none too happy with your precious Mummy who couldn’t even be arsed to pop out to see her own son graduate at the top of his class!” John struggled to keep his voice down.
“Oh, yeah? Good, that’s good.” John looked pleased. A grin spread over his face as his whole chest puffed up. “That’s something else I couldn’t have in Kabul. I’ll be Goddamned if I don’t take the opportunity I have here to marry the man I love.”
“It’s out of my hands, little brother.” Mycroft spread his hands wide in display. “I understand your distress, of course. It’s a horrible business. If you were to able to return to your posting though, it’s possible . . .”
John wiped a hand over his face. This wasn’t a conversation he was looking forward to. He made his way back to the bedroom and found Sherlock sadly already dressed, tucking a fresh shirt into his pressed trousers.
The man had a posh, plummy voice as deep and dark as a velvet night sky. It slithered down John’s ear, grabbed hold of his central nervous system, and cancelled all higher brain functions.
Angry voices coming from a small crowd ahead snapped his attention back to his surroundings. A group of Cardassians had gathered around two cowering Bajoran boys pressed against a wall. Sherlock quickly found his insignia badge and clipped it to his jacket before shouldering his way to the front.
“Oh, Jean, dear. How are you feeling?” The gracious lady called for tea, and wanted to fuss further over John, but he waved her off, assuring her that he was feeling much improved.
John could still hear him talking as he moved into the bathroom, pulling the door closed behind him, his deep tones going muffled.
Their fellow companion nodded. As soon as they had all bid him farewell, he turned, apparating from the field.
“What else did Sherlock say? Anything more?” Teddy asked, wiping the hand not currently vigorously stirring the pot across his forehead.
“Oh, God, sorry, sorry.” John broke apart, moving away as Sherlock pulled his swim trunks back into place.
“Why don’t we meet upstairs if John is agreeable?” Felicia said. “I think Oscar could use the privacy tonight.”
Tom and Dom ended up having dates again with the Hufflepuff girls, but Victoire and Teddy, Owen and John spent the afternoon in Hogsmeade doing whatever silly thing they could think of. They ate one of every free sample at the Magic Neep Wizard mart, ogled the new Quidditch brooms in Spintwitches Sporting Needs, then tried on every ridiculous hat at Zonko’s joke shop before heading to lunch at the Magic Mushroom. After, they stopped in at Honeydukes to buy an armload of sweets at Teddy’s treat.  Owen nipped off to run an errand, and they all headed back to school with their spoils.
Sherlock returned to the locker room to a corner set with padded seats and low tables and dropped into a chair to wait.  He hadn’t seen John in weeks, and finding him here at this ridiculous retreat center was beyond unsettling. He tapped a foot impatiently.
“Yes, sir, ma’am, your holiness. I am,” Sherlock muttered, finding himself flustered. It wasn’t every day you found yourself confronted with the speaker for the Prophets.
“I’d say so.” John smiled. “Who knew I’d run into such a beautiful posh boy in a place like this?” He drew Sherlock closer for a kiss that reassured them both.
“Wow, it’s finally here.”  John sucked in a breath. “I’m FINALLY seventeen!” John whooped as he scrambled out of bed in just his pants, and bounded across the room. He rummaged through his chest of drawers before emerging victorious with his wand.
“Do what? Give me a chance? Give us a chance?”  John dropped the water bottle to take Sherlock’s hand in his own. It was ice cold. “Sherlock, please. Please let me try. Let us try.”  John warmed his frozen hand between his palms, something like hope kindling inside his chest.
Emma agreed, wiping at her eyes. John handed her a tissue, and when she had composed herself, John patted her on the knee, and called her mother back in. John explained that Emma seemed to be experiencing some depression, nothing uncommon in adolescence, and scribbled the name of the counseling center on his pad. He ripped it off, and handed the page to the mother with a reassuring smile. “Nothing to worry about, but best to address the problem now before it gets any bigger.”
Their mouths clung and slid, diving together, lips and tongues, and breath co-mingling. John dragged his fingers over Sherlock’s front, finding the small nubs on his chest, stroking over them lightly.
Sherlock pulled back to regard him seriously, searching his face. “John, it’s okay. I love you too.”
“Fine. Sandwiches and crisps for all, and the dolphin thing never happened.” Teddy crossed his arms with a huff.
“Hey, Ruzo, I need you to check . . .” the man called behind him to another employee in the back. Sherlock shifted his stance to face the window. He nodded toward John and Lupaza who waited outside in the farm truck.
The next train ride was shorter, and John watched as fields moved into groups of terraced houses then morphed into larger buildings as they arrived in Cardiff. They caught a taxi to take them to the busy downtown street where the interviews had been conducted. Sherlock led the way to a nearby, mid-priced hotel where they were able to book a room for that evening, and leave their bags until check-in time.
John showed him how the chopsticks worked, and introduced him to the joy and pain of wasabi. Sherlock fumbled a bit working out the unfamiliar tableware, but Mrs. Watson and John jabbered away together so furiously, catching up, that Sherlock found enough unobserved time to experiment and get the chopsticks working well enough.
It was inevitable Sherlock thought as they pushed their way through the greenhouse door into the warm, humid smells of the plants growing within. John was simply intrinsically
“Sherlock got into the hard stuff with Seb and his crowd. From what I heard, Sherlock was arrested with half a kilo of coke on him for one of their big parties.” Victor inhaled around the cigarette.
Sherlock allowed himself to be pulled upright, and only grousing slightly, followed John back to the building.
“Oh, I don’t know. You and Sherlock looked pretty close. Seems like you two could have given it a go.” John couldn’t stop the awful words, they just popped out.
He had on a dark purple shirt that made the blue in his startling eyes pop even more. John found himself staring for a moment before he remembered the gift he was carrying.
“Bye, Sherlock.” John’s voice cracked slightly as he put out a hand to shake. Sherlock reached out meaning to clasp it, but suddenly they were in each other’s arms again, one last desperate embrace. They clung to each other, pressing tightly almost as if they hoped to make an imprint of the other across their bodies to carry away.
Sherlock leans back against the headboard of the bed with his pillow propped up behind him and sets the bowl of ice cream on his bedside table. "I could pretend you're my personal sex toy that I've decided to keep with me always. I'll bind your wrists to this bed with those cords. You'll be at my mercy."
. . . Sherlock moved back, feeling a flash of irritation flow through him. He had only wanted to go out for something hot for lunch, not enter a daytime vid drama.
John woke alone in the big bed feeling as if a truck had run over him. He had a nagging feeling that he might need to apologize for some things he’d said to his roommate the night before, but the man was nowhere to be seen. The other side of the bed was rumpled though. John hadn’t hallucinated his roommate crawling into bed with him last night. Sherlock’s coat and bag were gone so he seemed to have legged it off for the day.
“Seems like forever.” The girl huffed a bitter laugh before reaching for her tea, gingerly taking a sip, mindful of her sore mouth.
“Oh, yeah. I was looking at that when you blew up the lab. I must have dropped it there. I completely forgot about it.”
“I wish.” Harry sighed. “She’s with Jamie, the drummer in the band.”  She nodded back toward the stage.
John immediately stood to tug his shirt over his head, catching the bottom of his ratty white vest underneath when it tried to travel along. He pulled on the new meltingly-soft, warm jumper, tugging it down over his hips. It fit wonderfully well.
With a final wave, she sent the cut flowers sailing toward a bucket in the corner, and slipped her wand away. “Oh, come here and give your mother a kiss.” She chided her second son, tipping her face his way so that Sherlock had no choice but to step forward and press his lips to her other rouged cheek. John could have picked this woman out of a large crowd as being Sherlock’s mother. From her elegant cheekbones, to her pale almond-shaped eyes, she was nearly Sherlock’s twin. Only her fair hair colour and more rounded chin set their looks apart at all.  “Look how tall you’ve gotten!” she exclaimed.
“Yeah, I’ve heard that before.” The side of John's mouth tipped. “So Mr. Sigerson, are you free today? I’ve nothing much on, I thought we might spend the day together, see the sights, such as they are?”
“I was thinking. If perhaps you might keep an ear out, let me know if anyone comes asking about me at the front desk. Or anything else strange or unusual that might happen.  Do you think you can do that?”
made the booking for me, or rather his assistant did which is much the same thing.” Sherlock found an armchair across from the bed, and flung himself into it suddenly too weary to even remain standing.
“Okay, okay.” John laughed. “I’ll help you get the garden stuff out of here at least.”  John climbed into the window compartment and passed the rest of the flowers and small water cans back to Sherlock to box.
Sherlock swept off toward the restaurant while John hurried to the lift and back to the room. He flung his sweaty things to the bathroom floor and swabbed off as much as he could with a damp flannel before digging out the nicest clothes he had packed. The chinos and button up shirt were a bit worn, but at least presentable.
“I think it’s sweet.” Clara smiled, the dimples in her round cheeks showing. “You called me all the time when we were first dating.”
John looked down watching as Sherlock grasped each of their dicks, lining them up head to head. He continued to slide John’s foreskin as he pressed his glans against John’s.  It felt strange at first, the tugging on his skin, until Sherlock slipped under and their cocks slotted in side by side.
“That’s just the point,” Molly said. “Boys don’t like girls who know about super nova radiation when they’re looking for dance partners.” She reached for another tart and bit into it with a sigh.
Molly tugged Sherlock over to a chatting knot of officers, and introduced him around. Sherlock plastered a smile over his face, mechanically enduring the flurry of handshakes. Sherlock’s eyes flickered over the insignia on Molly’s husband’s uniform as he greeted him.  Dov Vorlem was an offier now, a Glinn, just like Molly’s father.
Sherlock was completely overdressed for the hardware store in a bespoke pair of trousers and a dark blue button-up shirt that he’d at least made slightly casual by rolling his sleeves to the elbow. John was upset to note the lingering bruise on his left cheekbone was still slightly visible.
“He’s been texting me the formulas for a number of new drugs his company is considering and asking my opinion on them.” Sherlock reached back to extract his phone from his back pocket.
“Sherlock.” Mycroft stopped Sherlock as his hand moved to pop open the door. “Do write Mummy, and let her know about the promotion, won’t you? She does worry about you.”
“Well, you aren’t telling me fuckall. Come on, man, spill.” Harry reached for her own cup, her dark eyes watching him closely over the rim. “I told you when I ate out Mandy Fischer for the first time.”
“God.” John scooted closer. “As much as I hated waking up here, I think it was the best thing for both of us.”
“Good morning, John.” Sherlock blinked, lifting his head from John’s chest. He rolled away, waiting for John to turn off the alarm.
Sherlock left the toilet, and on impulse opened the neighboring door sporting a number of peeling stickers across it. He was rewarded with the sight of John’s bedroom, a space half the size of the cupboard of his own quarters at home. A bunk bed took up most of the room, but a set of shelves and drawers had been crammed creatively into the rest of the space. Sherlock had only stepped inside long enough to catch sight of a cheap print-out framed and hung on the wall of a younger John, Harry and his mother in fancy clothes, obviously taken at some festive occasion when John himself appeared behind him.
“Oh, you’re a good boy, Sherlock,” she said, reaching out to smooth back hair that had flopped onto his forehead. He was surprised when he realized she had to reach up to do so. When had he gotten taller than her?
“He’ll be alright. Victor’s like a cat, he’ll land on his feet.” Sherlock picked up another jar.  “I made some soup if you’re hungry. It’s on the hob.”
John looked up from the papers on his desk to regard the older man. “Yes, I did, thanks, Sarah dropped it off.”
, Sherlock thought as he walked out with a pack and all his pockets stuffed with his ill-gotten supplies. He took a taxi into town, getting out to walk the last few blocks unwatched. He felt like his stomach just might crawl up his throat with nerves as he approached the city park where he’d met John before. Sherlock stepped into the shadows of the trees, every sense on high alert, but there was nothing to greet him but the sigh of the grasses and the leaves in the light breeze.  Disappointed but reminding himself that he had no idea what hurdles John had to clear to reach this park, he took an ambling walk around the perimeter, finally finding a bench under the trailing leaves of a tall Tarra tree. The place had definitely seen better days, the garden beds untended, bits of trash caught in the weeds, but it still smelled wonderful, rich and redolent.
When they returned to the bedroom to sleep, John was somewhat horrified to nearly stumble on the many sex toys still spread across the floor. He’d somehow managed to forget about them. They set about gathering the collection up, dumping it onto the wardrobe floor as the back wall had managed to re-shut itself.
He wasn’t terribly surprised when a black groundcar with tinted windows slid into view one evening, stopping beside him on the street. A man in a dark suit popped out to smoothly open the back door for him. “Sir, if you’ll allow me?”
“Indeed. Our grandmothers are sisters. Come on John. It isn’t too far from here, and it’s a nice day for a walk.”
Sherlock wanted to sit and puzzle over things longer, but John made him relocate to the kitchen for something to eat.
“Yes, I’m rather indebted to your husband working overtime. I doubt I would have come to this concert otherwise . . . thank you.”
“Sherlock, if you two don’t have other plans I made reservations for dinner at The Golden Goose after the ceremonies?”
“No, no of course not.” Sherlock’s mother turned back to John. “I’m currently co-authoring a book about string theory in layman’s terms with another woman who’s done work in the field of . . .” John listened with half an ear as they exited the station for the car park, straining to follow the rumble of Sherlock’s baritone as it interwove with this father’s higher pitched voice behind them.
“Okay.”  John stood to take his bowl to the sink. He stopped to press a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head.
It shocked John when Sherlock suddenly sat up and pushed him away. He looked heart rendingly lovely, propped back on his elbows, eyes wide and dark, his clothes rucked half off his pale, lithe body. John licked his lips, confused.
“Yes, yes, of course.” She stepped back, reaching out to straighten John’s rumpled jumper. “Well, now isn’t that a nice weave. John, did you say it was?”
” he commanded. Nothing happened. He frowned, trying a few more complicated spells before it finally popped open.  The younger boys clustered around to peer inside, while John crossed the room to retrieve the wine, refilling his glass with the last of it.
John pushed his hand up under Sherlock’s shirt in return and ran his hands up Sherlock’s back, pulling him closer.
“This man,” he exclaimed squeezing Sherlock about the shoulders, “this man saved me.” He went on to tell a fantastic tale of Sherlock clearing him from a crime with a set of deductions when he wandered past the man’s arrest.
“Aw, love, life’s not always fair, is it?” John chuckled, leaning in to pat Sherlock’s leg. “That’s it for me, though, I’m off to bed. Coming?”
John came to kneel by the side of the bath. He rolled up the sleeves of his pyjama shirt uncovering the strong line of his forearms before leaning over for a small bottle of shampoo on the side of the tub. Sherlock watched as he opened it to pour some into his palm, the smell of oranges filling the room. The fabric of John’s clothes shimmered in the light as he moved, ripples over the dark fabric, pure silk, surely. Sherlock caught himself wondering what the fabric would feel like sliding under his palm as John brought soapy fingers to his hair, working the fragrant suds into his curls as he gently massaged his scalp.
“I just thought my mum would always be there for holidays and the like. I can’t imagine spending every visit with Stephen’s family now.”
A cloud passed over Sherlock’s face. “I’m not sure I can make dinner tonight.  I’ve got to check on some potions brewing. My internship is still dependant on my getting top marks in potions class last quarter.”
There was an embarrassing scuffle when Mr. Pink Shirt turned out to have a black belt in karate. Sherlock had to chase him down on the pavement before subduing him, holding the man down with an arm twisted behind his back while he whipped out his phone to call D. I. Lestrade.
Sherlock stood, pulling him through the stately hallway to the stairs, taking John to what he hoped was a bed. They stumbled through a doorway into a high-ceilinged room that looked as if it had come from the Victoria and Albert. Country estate, circa late 1800’s.
John crowded round as Sherlock scrabbled at it, finding a small indentation that allowed him to pull it open. The electronic display they uncovered lit up the shed with an otherworldly green light. Sherlock’s grin split his face in the eerie glow. “John, we found it,” he breathed.
Sherlock stomped to his bedroom with John at his heels. He watched as Sherlock crammed things willy nilly from his cupboard into a carpet bag before rising, wild eyed. “John, we aren’t that far from your house. We can apparate there in just a few stops if we’re careful.”
They located clothes strewn across the floor, pulling on enough to be decent, and after a quick trip to the bathroom, found Victor setting platters of food to the glass and chrome table in the kitchen. The good smells wreathing the room had John almost whimpering as his neglected stomach grumbled to life.
“Yes, and every year, I tell him no. I tell him, Philippe, I enjoy you too much to be married to you.”  She let out a throaty laugh, and John couldn’t help joining in.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Sherlock ground out hardly knowing what he agreed to as John’s mouth slid over him, finding all his secret places with his warm, probing, clever tongue, fingers wrapping around his cock.  It was heaven, it was John, it was . . . all thought processes left Sherlock as he exploded, white-hot bliss rolling over him. John gathered him close, holding him as the tremors stilled.
An explosion sounded nearby. Chaos. Confusion. John tracked the whoop of the helicopter overhead, a roar of gunfire, and someone screaming. He curled into himself instinctively, trying to blink away the dust clouding his eyes. When his vision cleared, he saw the soldier thrown on the ground before him. His right arm had come off. Horrified, John scooped it up, trying to snap it back on, as if the man were a lego person. Miraculously, the parts connected. As soon as John had finished though, his other arm fell off. When John grabbed for it, both of the man’s legs broke away.
“That’s fine.” The man’s face crinkled as he smiled. “Say, are ye from these parts? Do ye ken David and Joey Watson and their lot?”
Sherlock chanced another glance out the back. Of course the attack craft clung to their tail, easily following their vehicles’s shaky progress. A shadow fell over them as the larger ship swooped lower.
. John met his onslaught just as fiercely, the two of them rolling together, trying to merge into a single being as they grappled and twined themselves together long into the night.
They decided on Angelo’s, agreeing they needed to make some better memories of the restaurant to add to their growing collection of fond moments together. Sherlock laced his fingers in with John’s as they walked side by side, smiling down at the remarkable man, proud beyond all reason to have John as his partner now in every way.
“Ugh, look at this place, what a wreck.” John sat up to run a hand through his hair, trying to flatten the mess that stuck up in every direction. Sherlock wished he would stop, he thought it was adorable.
“I suppose I could ask the same of you,” the man drawled, unfolding upright to tower infuriatingly high above John. “Victor Trevor.” He extended an elegant hand John’s way.
“Yeah, but we need more long-term solutions too,” John said, thinking. “Hey, what about that martial art you used to study?”
“Sherlock, did you want to find a Wizard shop for anything?” John asked him quietly as they stood in a Marks & Spencer waiting for John’s mum to emerge from the food section.  John felt almost ill watching their last few hours together slipping away.
“Good evening, beautiful people!” an amplified voice boomed out. “Are you having fun tonight?”  Sherlock turned as a few people cheered, to find the source of the question was a man at a mic on the narrow stage by the dance floor. Four women in various bits of black spandex and leather had gathered behind him. They fiddled with musical instruments, obviously readying them to play.
When John roused enough to lick his hand, Sherlock led him back to the refreshments table, navigating around busy couples to reach the other side of the room. He poured water into bowl that he set to the floor for his pup. While John lapped up a drink, Sherlock selected some chopped fruit on a paper plate and placed it next to the bowl. John looked pointedly up at the cheese tray and whined.
“Look at you dashing about.” Mrs. Hudson sighed. “It’s so nice to have a doctor around if we need it.”
“What the HELL is this?” John roared, grabbing a stray sock off the floor to shield his nose and mouth from the remaining foul smog that hung across the room.
“Hey, hey.” John rose, crossing to Sherlock, insinuating himself between those long legs. He drew Sherlock into a hug, stroking a hand over his shoulders. Maybe we can push them together or something?”
“Shhh, shhh, baby, it’s alright.” John spat into his palm and returned with a wonderful, wet pressure, sliding over his throbbing erection with just the right tug and twist. “Mmmm, you beautiful thing. Want to see you come apart, want to feel you come just for me . . .” John growled filthy and low by his ear and Sherlock did just that, tumbled into oblivion just for John.
“Fecking Spoonheads!” the boys called, throwing down another volley of small stones before ducking back behind a boulder. “Come and get us!”
They broke apart, blinking when the lift doors opened. Somehow they made it down the corridor, unlocked the door and spilled into their hotel room.
They talked of this and that, the conversation flowing easily until the historic hotel came into view.
In an instant, John was scrabbling up clothes from wherever he could find them, pulling things on, hopping into his shoes without socks. He tore out of the room, pounding down the stairs at the end of the corridor, unwilling to spend even an extra second waiting for the lift. Every moment that passed seemed significant, as if he were letting Sherlock drift farther and farther away. John hurried past the few people in the lobby hurtling toward the back. He pushed the door open already running, falling easily into a rhythm as his feet hit the ground.
John felt his climax build, a pressure deep inside, and suddenly burst, his muscles spasming over and over, then a few aftershocks and he was done.
John found his attention soon wandering though. Recent advance in antiviral medication began to pale next to the sight of the long, rambly man curled over his laptop nearby, one knee hugged to his chest. Christ, those legs were simply never-ending. The cool computer light washed over his profile, highlighting those gorgeous cheekbones in exquisite detail as he peered at his screen.
“Prophets, Lupaza, of course. Where the hell else would they go?” John rubbed a hand over his face. “Sherlock?” John turned a weary glance his way.
“Oh, and this!” John turned to discover the small family of gingerbread men dancing a scene from the Nutcracker on top of one of the bookshelves. Sherlock’s fingers twisted absentmindedly into his hair to tug. Perhaps he’d gone just a tad overboard on the Christmas things.
“Yeah, we’ve been friends since freshman year. We pre-meds have to stick together.” John smiled. “That was good what you did tonight, helping out with the study group. I know you hardly needed
“I think a ball to raise fund for some new Bajoran orphanages would be a smashing idea.” Sherlock dropped his voice as he leaned in to drape his long fingers over the woman’s hand on the table. “It’s so
His bedwarmer had obviously decided to retire for the night. Most of the lights were out save for a small lamp on the side table, and John had snuggled down into the pillows. Sherlock removed his dressing gown and dropped it noiselessly to the floor. He moved to the side left open on the bed, and crawled under the covers, the mattress dipping down as he settled under the soft sheet.
“You’re cold. Let’s get out.” John released him, and Sherlock unwound his legs to touch bottom again.  They waded unsteadily back to shore, dropping to the sandy beach. John was on him in an instant, pulling him close. The sand was gritty, but Sherlock could have cared less.
“Mrs. Watson, I want to thank you for taking care of my brother. We are in your debt.” A smooth smile had slid over his face as he bowed slightly to John’s mother.
“No, I called again yesterday, but there was a water pipe that burst in one of the girls’ dorms.” Sherlock sat up almost primly, tucking the duvet more firmly around himself even though he was still fully dressed in a shirt and trousers. His madly-tousled curls looked as if he’d stuck his finger into an electrical socket though. “Residential Services informed me they’ve been overwhelmed with the crisis.”
“No, this is the best of it. The tunnel just peters off a bit past here.” Sherlock nodded in the direction of a narrow passage beyond.
They parted only long enough to find something to wipe off with, then tumbled back together, sated, drifting off as their bodies melted against each other.
Although Sherlock thought that his cock had been completely put off line for the day after the previous night’s activities, this proved to be not quite accurate. After trips to the loo, and a hastily gulped breakfast of cereal and milk, the two retreated back to Sherlock’s bed and continued to demonstrate just how truly fine Sherlock was with John being a wereslut, HIS wereslut.
” Irene leaned in a bit closer, letting her gaze slide over the girl’s features.  “I run a place not completely unlike this, but then again, worlds better.”
“I think it’s time for a shower,” Sherlock said, plucking off his pants still tangled around one ankle.
John seemed a bit subdued, but he managed to rib Sherlock about the number of bags of clothes he had to transport.
Sadly, it came all the same no matter what John wished. In an eye blink it seemed, it was time to check out of their room with their bags all packed.  John walked Sherlock to the Hogsmeade portkey station as the luggage pattered amiably behind them. They’d hardly slept the night before, clinging to each other in tangled sheets, and gasping out declarations. The dark had been nudging into dawn when they'd finally dropped off for a few hours of sleep.  John dragged his feet, as they walked hand in hand, stopping to admire things in shop windows. Finally Sherlock pulled out his pocket watch, and declared that it was time for him to leave.
“I didn’t see much on our rambles, but who knows.” John let go of Sherlock to scoop up a bite of his food.
“He asks me to marry him every year, you know. On my birthday.”  John felt certain the old lady winked at him in the dark.
“Here we see a typical hillfort, located to exploit a rise in elevation for defense. . . .” the teacher pointed toward the image.
“Oh, fuck, yes!” John reached out, burying his fingers in a soft mass of curls as Sherlock’s mouth worked over him.
The bell over the tailor’s door chimed as Sherlock walked in first, holding the door open for John to follow.  John glanced about at the various displays of suits in a variety of tasteful dark colors. The place had a polished wood, wool, and old money smell to it.  It was definitely one of those poncy places John wouldn’t bother poking his nose into ordinarily.
“No, I don’t want you to go,” Sherlock's voice rumbled so deeply John could feel it vibrating against his back.
“Good, it saves me the trouble of kidnapping you.” Sherlock felt a level of briskness return to him. “Here, finish off the eggs, why don’t you?” He nudged the platter closer to John. “They’re already paid for.”
They kept to the sides of the roads, walking through pale winter grasses, skirting the tall fences that boarded the quiet neighborhoods, hiding whenever something passed.  The buses seemed to have suspended as they never saw one, and of course few taxis ever ran out this far out. Only a few private cars passed by, and when several military-looking vehicles screamed by, Mrs. Watson had them duck down to lie flat on the ground until they had passed.
Sherlock crawled willingly up John’s body, his erection bumping between them. John kissed him deeply, enjoying tasting himself on Sherlock’s tongue. His hands splayed over the strong muscles of Sherlock’s back, mapping every sinew and contour. John could practically feel the energy that coursed through this remarkable man. He was like holding lightning in physical form. God, he wanted to take him apart.
They walked the rest of the way back to Sherlock’s flat, side by side, but not touching. John felt almost grateful for the diversion when they returned to find the flatmate, Kurt, home reading a book in the sitting room. Kurt turned out to be a short, dark-haired Wizard who worked as a clerk at a nearby shop. He spoke perfect English and seemed like a nice-enough bloke. John enjoyed exchanging pleasantries before retreating to Sherlock’s bedroom.
“I’m getting better.” John helped him to his feet. It was a good deal more elegant than the first time he’d tried the move, and they’d both overbalanced and ended up on the floor.
“Oh, sorry, I forgot to take it off.” John reached up to remove the jewelry, but Sherlock stayed his hand.
Surprisingly, Tom and Dom were the first to go.   A decrepit old barn owl wheezed onto their terrace one morning collapsing onto the outdoor table with a letter addressed to the twins.  Tom opened it up and read it first, before passing the page to Dom.
Sherlock nodded goodbye before moving to the short queue for the apparating platforms. The shop also featured a wide fireplace obviously on the Floo network as an elderly Witch appeared within holding her string shopping bags. She brushed a stray bit of soot from her skirt as she stepped down from the green flames. It was a shame the Watsons’ place didn’t have a proper fireplace he could use for travel, but then their home wasn’t so far that Sherlock couldn’t apparate there in a single pass.  Sherlock watched the portly wizard ahead of him turn on the spot and disappear, and then it was his turn.  Thankfully, Sherlock whirled only briefly before finding himself safely on the carpet in John’s family room.
Sherlock wasn’t sure how much more of this torment he could take.  His cock had swelled to its almost completely erect state watching John fellate his flatware, and the restraining pressure of his flies was quickly becoming a hazard.
The prince felt a horrible writhing begin over his entire body. He ran as fast as he could from the dining hall into the night trying to escape the spell, but the magic had wrapped its tendrils around him. As he ran, he felt himself twisting and growing until he had turned into an enormous dragon. There was no way he could return to the castle having grown to almost half the size of it, so reluctantly, Sir Boast-A-Lot left his home, raising his wings to the breeze to find somewhere more dragony to roost.
He was somewhat chagrined to find a well-marked staircase cut into the face of the rock not twenty meters along the way. It even had metal railings affixed to the side for safety’s sake.
“Hang on. You’re doing experiments in a dorm? That’s what the student labs are for. They have 24 hour access, there’s no excuse for doing something dangerous . . .”
“Well,” Mycroft cleared his throat as he looked down at the path. “There is a bit of an irregularity with this opportunity. I will also be informing the local garrison of a discovered Bajoran attack for that night.”
“And that’s a shoot and score for Irene!” John grinned as they pushed out of the library into the cool of the evening.
The prince felt a horrible writhing begin over his entire body. He ran as fast as he could from the dining hall into the night trying to escape the spell, but the magic had wrapped its tendrils around him. As he ran, he felt himself twisting and growing until he had turned into an enormous dragon. There was no way he could return to the castle having grown to almost half the size of it. Reluctantly, Sir Boast A Lot left his home, raising his wings to the breeze to find somewhere more dragony to roost.
John pulled Sherlock against him, cocooning Sherlock tenderly in his arms. “Prophets, Sherlock, I missed you.” John pulled him into a deep kiss.
“Well, if this is the response you get each time you go out, I can certainly see why you pull so many partners.” Sherlock took another sip of his coffee, finding it cooler, but still too bitter despite all the sugar he had dumped in. His gaze drifted down to follow the lines of John’s shirt. It was on the tight side, and he could just make out the curves of John’s defined biceps straining against the fabric. Sherlock swallowed half his cup down in one go without meaning to.
After a cursory wipe with a nearby towel, they curled together, too tired to clean up properly.  John’s hair stuck out every which way, and the slickness of salt and fluids on their skin mingled, smelling of the ocean. Sherlock lay his head on John chest, breathing him in as John’s arm slung around him. Sherlock sighed. It was home in John’s arms, the only home he’d ever need. He floated, close to slumber when a piercing thought popped into his mind, refusing to be ignored.
“God, you’re thanking me?” John shook his head. “That was incredible. I think I hit the wall I came so hard.”
“What did we do? Went out to dinner once . . . yeah, didn’t make it out that much. I saw where Sherlock works again though.”
John hardly registered the older man with salt and pepper hair sitting inside, as his eyes had already flown to the tall figure in a dark jacket gesturing to a collection of photos that had been tacked to the wall.
“Look, I have a plan, but it’s dangerous, and you can’t be involved. I’ll drop you off as near as I can to the River Bank Cell.”
John seemed to reign himself back in, swiveling to face forward again. He dropped his head. “I don’t blame you, you know. I know you aren’t in charge of things.”
Sherlock brought the tea things to the table as he explained noticing John’s short hair, his mannerisms, and the use of the word “rhinitis” to explain his runny nose from pollen allergies. He managed to bite his tongue stopping the flow of words before he confessed his deductions on John’s reduced financial situation.
John had gone nearly as red as his underwear. “Oh shut it, you berks. Not that it’s any of your business but it’s for Sherlock. We said we’d both wear special pants on Mondays.”
. Look at the product in his hair.” Irene narrowed her eyes. “Oooh, HE’S not the one keeping you from sleeping is he?”
A group stood hunched over his console, Naavi at the chair raised his face looking pale in the screen’s light. Guilty, worried . . .
“What?” Sherlock demands, mocking John’s pleading voice. “Not that. Anything but…double chocolate-caramel.”
Well… You know I’m not interested in doing anything that you’re not completely comfortable with,” he began, squeezing Sherlock more tightly, “but, um, I think that anal sex is something I’d like to try.”
Sherlock had seen people kiss before, of course he had. Bajorans seemed to do it much more frequently than Cardassians, but both species might bestow a kiss upon the lips or drop a peck on a cheek to express affection.  A few times he had hacked through the firewalls of their network and found some illegal porn to watch. The Bajorans featured had slobbered horribly all over each other, and it had disturbed him more than aroused him at the time.
John was humming pleasantly to himself as he made his way down to the kitchen, pushing open the door to stop in surprise when he found someone already there.  A spry, older woman with a short cap of brown hair was bustling about the kitchen, tidying up the mess they’d left out the night before.  His slight shock passed when he realized she must be part of the cleaning staff Sherlock had mentioned earlier.
I found another short languishing on my hard drive and decided this collection was the perfect place to shelve it. It's a sad story, but as we know, things get better for Sherlock later. ;)
“Good, hang on.” Sherlock licked his lips. John wrapped his hand over Sherlock’s arm and nodded. He felt the familiar lurch, as the man stepped forward and pulled John along.
John promised himself he wouldn’t whinge about it to everyone, but he missed Sherlock with a constant ache, like some vital organ had been removed from inside him. Maybe he just had a Sherlock-sized hole in his heart, he thought ruefully. Everything at school seemed to remind him of the lanky genius who had burst into his life just a few short months ago,  the Potions Dungeon, eating in the Great Hall, going to sleep in his big four-poster bed.
“That’s the worst of it,” John said. “I kicked the big one in the knee and he knocked me on the ground.”
Sherlock’s eyes closed in pleasure as a shiver ran over him. When John released his finger, now wet but less sticky, Sherlock moved in. Shoving John’s chair back he climbed over to straddle the man’s thighs.
Sherlock's birthday party doesn't end as he'd expected at all, and the boys must rise to the many challenges thrown their way.
“It’s colder in here.” Sherlock shrugged a shoulder. Though the center was kept at a temperature good for its Cardassian guests, the building didn’t seem to waste energy heating supply rooms.
“I was off my tits one weekend, bored as usual, and I stumbled on a crime scene a block from my flat. I solved the crime in a few minutes, pointed out all the clues the morons investigating had missed. They thought I was the murderer. Had me arrested.”
“Yes.” The fey creature glanced up as he slipped the phone back into his pocket. “I consult with the police when they are out of their depths which is quite often, but I also take on private cases on the side when things are slow.”
He should have realised that it wouldn’t just be him baring all, but he had been so caught up worrying about his own records he hadn’t given a thought to whether Sherlock’s would be in there too.
“John, your friend, Bill, apparently left you two tablets of Paracodol- paracetamol with codeine. He said he warned you to take only half of one pill at a time.”
When they returned to the bedroom to sleep, John was somewhat horrified to nearly stumble on the many sex toys still spread across the floor. He’d somehow managed to forget about them. They set about gathering the collection up, dumping it onto the wardrobe floor as the back wall had managed to re-shut itself.
“I won an award for my bioluminous tentancular sylvestris and vibrating spicata viscose.” Sherlock fairly preened. “Come on, they’re all in the smaller greenhouse. Professor Longbottom tells me he’s never seen anything quite like them before.”  Sherlock’s elegant face, though often austere in its angles, transformed into something bright and lovely when he grew excited.  John marveled at him. He didn’t want to do a thing that might mute Sherlock when he looked like that - like a nightlight, glowing from the inside out.
Sherlock wanted to sit and puzzle over things longer, but John made him relocate to the kitchen for something to eat.
A twinkle formed in Sherlock’s eye as he helped the man slip off the remains of his top. Once John was stripped from the waist up, Sherlock leaned back in, bracing his arms on either side of John’s head to stare down at him, cataloging each movement of his face. John squirmed, obviously discomforted at the intense scrutiny, but Sherlock simply waited saying nothing. John started to get angry.
Sherlock's infertile Beta brother had already gifted them with a small ocean of baby things in preparation for their expanding family. The flat was filled with all sorts of new furniture, pastel fripperies, and a baffling array of high-tech equipment that John wasn’t sure how half of it worked, and he was a doctor, forgodsake. Mycroft tried to play the cool and collected government official, but he was quite undone over his two nieces, and they hadn’t even arrived yet.
“We think they took most of the hostages to labor camps. Thankfully we only lost a few to disruptor fire.” Kira blew out a breath. “We had to scatter though. The Dahkur Province cell of the Resistance is no more.”
“We’ll pay you.” Kerry rounded on Sherlock and John. “Whatever the devil is paying you, we’ll double it to tell him you didn’t find us.”
“Me too.” Sherlock’s blue-green eyes nearly glowed as he fixed John in his gaze. “I couldn’t wait to see you.”
Ah. Sherlock’s mind went off on several tangents. Already John was agreeing to future sessions. That was promising.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, pocketing his phone again. He slung his arm around John, taking some of his weight as he led him, limping, toward a low wall. “I thought the distance of the drop to the balcony would be safe.”
“Oh ho. I beg to differ. The man’s clearly been practicing longer than any of the competition,” Sherlock huffed. “He’s the clear choice for the team.”
“Yes, that too,” Irene said. “I feel like I need a wash after that. Fortunately I’ve signed us up for a couples’ massage and a soak in the hot tub. Come on, we just have time to get changed.”
“Oh, love, I don’t think there was a choice in the matter. I think I loved you from the first moment I clapped eyes on you.”
“Christ, I can’t believe we’re actually leaving.” John surveyed the front room with his hands on his hips. “I think I’ll actually miss the place.”
“I know, I know,” Lupaza muttered, increasing the speed of the car to something a bit disconcerting as they bounced over ruts in the road. “We need to get some distance behind us first.”
Sherlock wanted to tell John the whole of it, but somehow the words just wouldn’t come. What could he possibly say - John I’m actually in the Obsidian Order now.  It was the stuff of nightmares, something mothers told their children to scare them -
“I have. There wasn’t anyone for years after . . . after you left. Then I joined the Resistance. When you know that you could die any day, well, it makes people a bit crazy. There aren’t a lot of permanent relationships, people tend to keep things casual, but yeah, there’s a lot of fucking around. To be honest, I didn’t really keep track after awhile.”
Sherlock nodded, watching intently as John reached up to tug the jumper up and over his head, leaving him in just his pants. John had spent any number of times changing before his football mates. Public nudity wasn’t something that bothered him much, but this felt different, intense, as Sherlock’s clear blue eyes bore into him. John smiled, and hooked his thumbs under the waistband of his briefs, making a show of pulling slightly at it.
“Oh, John I’ve thought about you so much,” Sherlock mumbled against John’s mouth between kisses, “about this,” he sucked lightly on John’s bottom lip, “about touching you again.”
“You said it was weaker if you had a regular partner.” Something of their garbled conversations of the evening before was trickling back in to Sherlock’s abused brain as he pieced snippets of memory together.
Later when they’d cleaned up and lay wrapped together under the blanket, just breathing in each other’s air, Sherlock reached up to run a finger down John’s face. Sometimes he still couldn’t believe John was here, here in his arms, here in his life.
Their car passed multiple checkpoints before being allowed into the compound of the Prefect’s private residence. Irene proved herself a worthy companion along the way, discussing some recent studies done on climate change and seasonal mood disorder. Sherlock was surprised that they’d arrived at their final destination already.
Sherlock went to a dull soiree in honour of the junior cadets without a complaint the next weekend he was allowed out, even agreeing to put pomade in his hair. He was relieved beyond measure though to find Molly there as well. His façade of perfect manners only stretched so far. He ended up pouring out his whole sad, sordid tale to her while she fetched him cups of punch and patted his hand.
Sherlock thought he just might burst into flames from how beautifully John held him, all but devouring him, lips and teeth and tongues joining together in a dance that threatened to melt every last nerve in his body.
Sherlock pretended not to hear the muttered curses, but he moved back a judicious distance from the crowd, melting into the moon-tipped shadows. He leaned his head back to view the dark canopy spread above. Through the ripple of the cloaking device, the star-studded sky was a gem-strewn velvet cloth. Beautiful.
His alarm clicked to life.  Blue eyes popped open, soft for just a heartbeat, before sense seeped in and they grew sharp, almost accusatory.
“Oh, God. Sherlock, look at you. I can’t believe it’s really you.”  John struggled to draw in a good breath.
John looked up to find Sherlock’s electric blue eyes staring intently at him, a fall of black curls tumbling over his forehead. He was gone in an instant.
John and Sherlock set to work, periodically snickering to themselves or grinning slyly at each other as they wrote. Once they’d finished, they stacked the blocks into a tall, narrow tower.
“John, don’t forget, the Gay Student Alliance meet and greet is Friday!” Irene called as everyone packed to go. “Did you hang up your fliers?”
“Prophets yes, I think he must have bathed in Saurian Brandy,” Quen added. “It was coming off him in a cloud.”
Sherlock was the only familiar thing in the room, but even he seemed changed, even paler than usual in the flat light of the room. John suddenly had the oddest feeling that he was standing outside his life and looking in from some other place. The strange feeling only intensified when the waitress came to ask what they wanted in a quick garble.
“Help! It’s locked on to Alastaire. We can’t get it away from him!” A Slytherin girl, Angelique Grayson, called over, her face white as the Gryffindors drew near.
“Oh.” The younger boys thought for a moment. “So what about the mastodon tusk? You said you had one.” Tall one stuck out his jaw. “Or were you just having us on?”
As the small brown nubs hardened, and peaked to attention, he caught them between thumb and forefinger to gently squeeze.
“Oh, this one looks just like yours,” Sherlock said, admiring his own handiwork. “I’m going to enjoy deep-throating this.”
“Hey guys, thanks, this is a zoo!” John slid gratefully into the seat that Irene had kept occupied between herself and Molly with her bag and a fuzzy, black jumper.
The prince flew for several days, encountering angry villagers who shot flaming arrows at him whenever he drew too close to a settlement. At last, exhausted and sore, he found a dragon’s lair in the mountains that seemed to have been abandoned, a perfect place to curl up and lick his wounds. To his wonder, the prince discovered that as a dragon, he had a magic of his own. For protection, he willed a large stone to block the entrance to the underground chambers, securing it with a spell. Only he or someone who knew how to crack the code written over the entrance could summon the magic to open the door.
“Do you think he’ll be able to walk?” Sherlock nodded to the unconscious boy who was had started to snore slightly.
“It’s alright, Sherlock. It’s not your fault.” John looked up with a smile that hurts Sherlock’s heart. “Hey, at least we’ve got a place off the radar to hole up for a few days. So there’s that.”
“So what brings you to St. Mungo’s?” John asked rocking back on his heels, reminding himself that this was a Sherlock he really didn’t know at all.
“Okay. Sherlock, you know I’m not going anywhere, right? Not if you don’t want me to.” John reached up, placing his hands over Sherlock’s arms.
“Wake up, Johnny, my boy, she’s already dating the enemy. What more betrayal do we need?” Teddy said lowering eyebrows gone quite bushy.
The American company AMGEN did allow research on Celiac drugs to be passed to a subsidiary and that happened around 2015.
"The weathermen will be scratching their heads tomorrow." John said, gasping as a very realistic silver dragon burst across the sky leaving a trail of rainbow sparkles in its wake. The guests cried out and ducked as it soared just over their heads before winking out.
John had taken a bit of ribbing from the team after his date night with Sherlock, certainly Kevin had shared a few choice words, but it hadn’t been anything hateful.  Rory and Sadiq had even teased John on how attractive Sherlock had been.
They lolled most of the day away in bed, starting off with a fantastic shag, bringing each other off with sweetly familiar strokes. John used the toilet afterwards, returning with a wet flannel and a bottle of bath oil. He wiped Sherlock clean and then waggled the oil in front of him.
“I know, John. I know. It’s just  . . . so much going on. All this.” Sherlock lifted a shoulder helplessly as if that explained the entirety of the Cardassian occupation on Bajor. “Ask me again later. When things are settled, when this war is over. Ask me then.”
“The Hobbit? A famous children’s story? My mum used to read it to me when I was little. Don’t tell me you’ve deleted that.”
John shook his head. “It’s fine, Sherlock. It’s your life.”  He sighed. He didn’t have it in him to start a fight.
“Now, now, let’s get John to bed. I’m sure he could use some rest after all that excitement.” Grand-mère said.
“Are we going to the space port?” John hissed breaking into Sherlock’s meandering thoughts. “We aren’t supposed to go there.”
“Having a spot of bother?” Mr. Holmes asked, motioning to the tie looped around John’s neck. “I can help you with that.”
“That’s right. Plus I needed to see that a certain Net Tech was taking care of himself. Prophets, it’s good to see you. Come here.” John pulled Sherlock into his arms.
“You’re tough too, John.” Harry said gravely, then ruined the moment by belching horribly.  They both collapsed into snorting giggles.
under his breath, but she’d simply pat him, and go about delivering John the papers, or another pot of tea with biscuits, or a dish of stew she’d made,
John stopped by the twins' station. Their potion had gone a disturbing grey colour, and it moved only reluctantly as Tom tried to give it a vigorous stir. Dom worriedly added more shrivelfig juice to it.
Sherlock whirled around to lead the way up the front walk, John following at a slightly more sedate pace. A chorus of insects simmered pleasantly in the background, seeming to have replaced the hum of the bees, all tucked up for the night. Sherlock produced a key and unlocked the front door, ushering John into the tall foyer quickly to thwart the moths careening around the entryway, batting at the porch light.
“Good,” John said. “You still need to add a few pounds.” He frowned slightly. “I thought we had a deal, two proper meals a day.”
John who was already snug against his side put a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Of course, love. Wild beno dogs couldn’t have stopped us.”
“Ah.” Sherlock grinned. “I promise to keep an eye on the temperature. Wouldn't want you to get too cold. Now, strip.”
John gasps at the speed with which Sherlock whips one of the cords around his wrist while holding the other wrist firm to the mattress. Sherlock's eyes go dark, and John shivers as he ties the cord to the bedpost.
Afterwards, the team massed in a group by the drinks station, slapping backs, and waving or blowing kisses at the audience. John took a water bottle gratefully, tipping it up to fill his mouth.
He spent the afternoon at his favorite spot in the library, actually getting some real work done. When he received a text that some of the footie lads were getting together for dinner at the student union, he packed it in and headed over.
“John, try not to be so annoyingly cheerful this early, hmm?” Irene pushed her dark glasses off her nose and on to the top of her head. She looked a bit less polished than usual, her hair tucked back in a sloppy bundle. “God, I was up half the night trying to figure out the last chapter.”
As he was walking John found himself happily surveilling the landscape, their landscape, the island that had become their entire world.
“It’s… a rather valuable family heirloom which…” Sherlock placed the box on the foot of the bed and blinked repeatedly, staring off into the distance.
They didn’t have a snitch on them, so it was only half a game, but everyone quite enjoyed knocking the balls and flying about on such a fine day. Grand-mère Holmes’s property covered quite a stretch, and was well spelled to keep it concealed from any spying Muggle eyes.  The field behind the house was perfect for a Quidditch game, with proper goal posts even set at either end, and a garden shed of spare brooms to borrow.
“Then I realized it was simply the fact that I’m male.” Sherlock stared at his hands twined in his lap. “You’re ashamed to be seen with a man.”
“Mycroft, you can just sod right . . .” Sherlock turned to his brother and found himself on a city street, squinting into the sudden brightness.  The buildings looked new, well kept, the street tidy, filled with pedestrians. Bajorans going about their business, laughing, talking, their family crest earrings swinging brazenly from their ears passed by him. Sherlock stood and gaped a moment. It was so . . . normal, except there wasn’t another Cardassian in sight. What . . .
“But you don’t want to hear about that nonsense all day, dear, do you?” Mrs. Holmes smiled kindly at John, patting his arm as she released him. “I’ll let you boys have some time together. Here, you can both get in the back.”
Christ, he might be able to get off just doing this John thought, squeezing a bit harder at Sherlock’s luxuriant arse, changing the angle to just there
“Off, off, please,” John gasped, writhing on the floor in desperate plea as Sherlock reached his waistband.
“What the hell did you do to his FACE?” John growled as he stepped nearer to peer at Sherlock’s stinging cheek.
“Thanks, Sweetheart.” John slid in beside him, wrapping an arm around his skinny hips. “It’s brass monkeys out here today.”
“God.” John scooted closer. “As much as I hated waking up here, I think it was the best thing for both of us.”
That was good of you to save Alastaire. It’s more than the git deserves. I have some good news and some bad news. Let’s get the bad news out first. I’m sorry, but I can’t get a weekend free coming up. I know, I hate it too. The workshop is swamped with orders, and we interns are expected to do our fair share and more. However, the good news, the workshop closes down from Christmas to New Year’s. I’ll need to go in a few times to check on things, but otherwise I’ll be free. You can spend Christmas with your family, and then travel here on Boxing Day.  Think of it, a whole week together John!!!  I’ll send you a portkey ticket. Don’t argue. I can spare the money, you can’t.
“She was devastated.” Mrs. Hudson nodded sagely. “Still, I wasn’t sure even from the beginning it was going to work out. Angela was always a difficult one, bit of an odd duck. And HE, well he wasn’t from around here - a flashy boy from London. I just didn’t see it having long-term potential to be honest.”
“More lemonade?” John asked brightly, lifting the bottle. He refilled Harry’s glass when she waggled it.
He had to admit, Sherlock and Victor looked good together. Victor had a few inches of height on Sherlock, and more bulk, but they were both tall, well-sculpted creatures. Sherlock looked like some sort of sea nymph cavorting around, all long and lithe, and Victor was a wall of muscle beside him. John felt as if he’d wandered into an epic Greek tale and he were the mortal dupe consigned to watch as the Gods raged overhead. Sherlock chose that moment to trip, disappearing under the water before coming back up, coughing horribly. John nearly jumped in, ready to intervene, but Victor turned gracious, helping Sherlock to the shallows as he caught his breath.
“Yes, well. We’re just off for a spa trip,” Aunt Lily interjected with a bright smile. “Getting our nails done and all that. I’m afraid you’ve missed the lads. They’re on some wine tasting outing. They won’t be back until this evening.”
“Shhh. It’s alright. I mean it’s not alright,” John said shaking his head slightly, “but I understand. You didn’t know. It isn’t your fault.”
“Bloody hell, that’s amazing.” Harry whistled, watching the birds now chasing themselves about the room.
It felt lightweight, something cloth. Sherlock ripped through the paper to uncover a pair of sleek black pants. He flipped them over. They had small bees printed along the back.
“Well, I didn’t win.” She chuckled.  “I didn’t come in last either. What I DID do though was meet William Holmes. Oh, Will was such a dashing young man. I found myself quite swept away. I fear I thought little about Philippe when Will asked me to marry him.”
John had carried the letter around in his pocket all day. It helped when dinner in the Great Hall featured heart-shaped biscuits and a big pink trifle for pudding.
‘It was a joke. I got it from a book.’ The dragon shrugged, peering closer at the small thing in his mercy. He snaked out his long forked tongue and licked over the creature’s face. He tasted like sweet yeast rolls, something the dragon hadn’t had in years.
John’s breathing shook as he fought to gain control of himself. “Come here, please come here,” he ground out.
“Thanks, John.” Sherlock smiled widely though John couldn't see it as they made their way from the theater and back to the bus station. “That was amazing.”
“Yes, yes of course.” John bit into the pastry irritably, wishing Mycroft would bloody well get to the point. He was growing weary of people acting host to him in his own kitchen.
Sherlock beamed and gave John a quick kiss, “You solved it! Well done.” He indicated the stairs, “Shall we?”
“Just watch.” Sherlock took it from him, and pressed lightly on the stone. When the heart split in half, Sherlock held one part out to John. “It’s a heart stone set.  The two sides will call to each other so you can always find the person wearing the other half. They glow when they get close.” Sherlock slipped his over his wrist, and watched as John did the same.
“Too tall for this.” John reached up and pulled Sherlock down so he could kiss him, kiss him properly, tongues winding together.
Sherlock slipped down a bit deeper into the bubbles feeling suddenly shy, though the bubbles certainly hid anything private from view.
“As a rule, no,” Sherlock agreed. “But occasionally I find something of a sexual nature intriguing.” Sherlock pushed back the blankets to reveal an erection already tenting the front of his pyjama bottoms rather obscenely. “For some reason, I find the idea of this oddly arousing.”
“Hey, Sherlock, sure we can’t deal you in, friend?” Furel called over, gesturing with his one good arm toward the cards and dried fruit spread across the table.
The quiet of the building washed over them, their ragged breathing a roar in their ears after the noise of the city streets outside. John pulled Sherlock through the antechamber into the public prayer room, nodding his head on instinct as they cleared the doors. The room was deserted save for the rows of candles that flickered along the walls. They slumped to a bench inside, almost laughing now that the danger had passed. The thick smell of incense settled over them like a soothing balm.
Again, Sherlock got out several streets away from his final destination, exiting near a row of restaurants. He waited until the cab had pulled away before he turned to find his way to the rendezvous spot. The house that John had indicated on his hastily-drawn map was deep in a neighborhood of abandoned buildings.  Only a dodgy corner store at the end of the block seemed to show any signs of life in the area. Sherlock ducked down an alley to find the back of a row of old houses just as the rain began. A shimmer in the air, and a soft boom in the distance told him the big thunderstorm was rolling in fast. Sherlock quickened his pace, ducking his head against the cold drops starting to fall.
John reached an arm around Sherlock’s waist pulling the man closer. Sherlock relaxed against him, tilting his head to rest on top of John’s crown. They stood quietly, John simply enjoying the contrast of having a warm Sherlock on one side, and the cool of the night on the other.
John felt as though he were glowing on his way back to the room. He couldn’t stop the pounding of his heart when he unlocked his door, and stepped inside to find Sherlock hunched over his laptop at his desk, one leg pulled into his chest, chunky headphones embedded in his hair.
“What?! God. Oh, Sherlock.” John touched his face before pulling him back into a fierce hug. “Oh, no, you big git. You aren’t getting rid of me that easily.”
“Great. Ta, for that.”  John shook himself, trying to shrug off the strange spellbound state that seemed to have fallen over him. It was just another upper-class twit being overly-pretentious. John had dealt with his kind before.
“It’s hard to say. Some of what we see is metaphor, symbols our brains create, but it is a possibility if you stay on your current path, this will come to pass.” She turned to fix Sherlock with a steady gaze. “I have a question for you now. With everything you’ve seen here today, do you still want to help Bajor?”
Sherlock mumbled something. Smiling automatically, when the man arrived with his coiled tubing, he managed a farewell, making it back to the truck with his arms full.
“Well, they were looking for a jewel. Is there anything in the place that might be like a large glowing rock? Or anything buried?”
“It was epic.” Rory nodded. “Cavanaugh’s flat was great, and his flatmate got a discount on the beer on account of him working at the liquor store.”
“Ah, well then I’ll have to do my part.” John stopped another staff member holding a tray of nibbles, and selected something piled on a cracker.
“Any plans this weekend?” Sarah dipped her spoon into her cup of instant noodles and stirred. John mentally calculated the whomping load of sodium in the soup. Physicians sometimes ate the worst food even though they knew better.
“God, no.” John set his cup down with a loud click, looking quickly around the table. “Can’t you say everything is fine?”
“It was a crazy time.” Molly waved a hand about. “I moved offworld with my own family to Enteros 9 for awhile.”
“Aye, aye, sir.” John said glancing back at the twins as he slid off his stool. Tom and Dom were frantically emptying their bags out onto their worktop, obviously hoping to use some of their own supplies for the challenge.
“Oh, that is hard.” Molly said, a small line puckered up between her eyebrows. “My dad always forgets to tell my mum things, too. He usually apologizes with flowers.”
They had their things assembled, ready to greet what appeared to be a simple fishing boat as it neared the cove. The boat launched a small dingy to reach the shore, two very ordinary-looking men haling them jovially as they approached.
“Hang on!” Lupaza cried, launching them onto it, the truck narrowly avoiding the ditch as they careened onto the small lane. Dust billowed around them.
“Come on, Sherlock, let’s go. Good day to you all.” Mycroft nodded as he steered Sherlock out the door, a hand lightly on his back.
Amazingly enough, Mycroft had disappeared from the house like mist in the sun by the time John stumbled awake the next morning. Sherlock was already in the kitchen boiling up some experiment, and told him Mycroft had been picked up by a car in the wee hours. Obviously, Holmeses didn’t seem to need sleep like mere mortals. John would have liked to discuss some things with Sherlock, but he was running late and settled for a quick hug from behind, his arms winding around Sherlock’s apron.
It wasn’t until they were seated around the table enjoying the box of pastries Mycroft had ferried with him from London that the older man leaned in and skewered Sherlock.
After a hasty shift of seating arrangements, John found himself cradling one of Sherlock’s bony feet. He caressed it gently before digging his thumbs into the arch. Sherlock let out a pleased hum.
John pushed up on one elbow to better regard him. “Sherlock, that’s not it. The first rule, is no more information than you need to do your job.” His dark blue eyes bore down on Sherlock. “It’s for everyone’s safety.”
“No worries.” John waved good-bye when they parted ways, watching as Molly hurried off, shoulders hunched as she avoided a couple of tall blokes taking up most of the walkway.
"Time's up! I hope you're ready." He slides his double chocolate wand of wonder inside. John exhales with odd hiccup-like sounds.
“Not that I know of. But, like I said, I’m not a huge fan. Maybe Mycroft left us some of their CDs in the entertainment centre.”
“Yes, as well as could be expected.” Sherlock shrugged.  “To be honest, I think I’m done with that project. Taken it as far as I could.”
Sherlock was trapped. He could hardly maintain his cover if he turned down this generous offer. Still, all information was helpful, and it wouldn’t hurt to have an in with the local expats. “Alright, thank you, John.” He let a real smile cross his face. “I appreciate it.”
“I think I saw a chemist’s shop at the end of the street.” Sherlock nodded up the road when they stepped outside. “Why don’t we drop this off at the car first and walk over?”
“But I need to see . . .” Sherlock pulled away from his grip, turning toward the main part of the house. The smell of smoke was already reaching them.
“John. I’m so sorry.” Sherlock reached over to lay a hand to his arm. The words seemed so inadequate against the enormity of things.
John ran his palms over the crests of his lightly scaled chest, following the contours of his flesh. “You’re beautiful.” John breathed as if reading his mind, leaning in to drop kisses to follow the path of his fingers. “Come here.” John pulled him down to the bedding, reaching to settle the covers over them as they snuggled under their comforting weight. John fumbled a bit, shucking off his underwear before reaching for Sherlock’s.
Sherlock nearly sagged in relief when he saw Farid sat behind the desk reading an American comic book. “Farid, just the man I was looking for, I need your help.”
“Thank you, John.”  Sherlock pushed his chair away from the table suddenly feeling infinitely weary.
“You shagging me into the mattress.” John dipped his head to capture Sherlock’s lips in a soft kiss. He let his fingers tangle into the silk of Sherlock’s hair.
Sherlock reached between their bodies to grasp his erection, stroking himself in time with John's glorious rhythm. With a sweet cry, Sherlock tipped over and came around him, his hole spasming as he splashed warmth between them. It was more than enough to bring John to a roaring orgasm, pleasure pounding through him as he spent his release. It took some time for the world to reassemble. When John could think clearly again, he found himself collapsed over Sherlock, the both of them sweaty and boneless, and stuck together.
The realization shook him a bit. He and Sherlock had come on fast together. John had no way of knowing if this little hothouse romance would survive the harsh light of the outside world. God, he hoped it would. It felt secure on his end, but who knew about the other man? Sherlock would have so many more things to occupy him other than a few pieces of equipment in a lab and a broken-down, ex-army doctor when they got off the island.
“And you as well, John.” Sherlock stepped out onto the pavement noting they were parked under a transit station bridge. He made certain not to turn around and watch the car go as he made his way up the steps to the trains.
“Well, Cardassian, how’d it go?” Lupaza leaned forward to stick her head in between them. She had her curls stuffed under a cap, and both she and John were dressed in baggy work coveralls they’d found at the farm, but she was still quite clearly female.
“Sherlock!” he said, turning round, looking slightly stunned. “I can finally do MAGIC outside of school.”
Sherlock took his own bite, closing his eyes. He seemed to be almost listening to the flavors as he chewed. Oh, he was simply
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes. How dare you insult your father. Sigerson Holmes was a great man. He died supporting the Wizard cause. If you want to mess about with some fairy mudblood  I can’t stop you, but I’ll be damned if you’ll  . . .”
“Do you think it’s torture?” he asked quietly scanned the gruesome images of dead bodies thumb-tacked on the wall.
again. He was looking forward to sacking out on their bed, maybe having a quick cuddle before heading off to dinner.
John hardly registered the rolling sounds of that gorgeous baritone as words. He’d never wanted to reach out and touch another person’s face so badly in his whole life. John wanted to slide his fingers over those cheekbones, see if they were as sharp as they looked, trace the outline of those ridiculously plump lips . . .
“Yeah, I suppose it can be, but I don’t really fancy anything that intense.” John licked his lips. “How about I just say
“This is the mountain region of the northern continent,” Sherlock clipped.  It’s less windy when you go farther south. All of Bajor isn’t like this one province.”
After several blissful minutes of companionable chewing, John leaned back to take a sip of his tea, now cooled enough to drink.
“I woke once my first year to find him hovering next to my bed. I pissed the sheets, and didn’t sleep for a week.” Rhys gave a mock shudder. “When I started to drop off in classes, the teachers found out, and put up a spell to ban all ghosts from students’ rooms.”
Sherlock looked embarrassed, but pleased. He paused for a long moment before selecting another handwritten block.
“Ah, you’re off for a picnic,” Sherlock said, scanning over the baskets in the boys’ hands, and the smiles over their faces. Good humor was a very rare commodity around the school the week before exams.
“Enough,” Mrs. Holmes snapped. “I think the boys are sweet together, Mycroft. Can we please be civil through one meal?”
Sherlock missed sleeping every night curled around John. One of his roommates had definitely snitched, informing the Head of Ravenclaw that John was sneaking in to his bed fully half of the week. As the four idiots who shared his dorm room looked equally guilty, Sherlock presumed it had been a group effort to out them. It was lucky he was one of Professor Mobius’ favourite students. The punishment had been nearly non-existent. He and John had merely had to clean the teacher’s chalkboard by hand for a week, but the door to Ravenclaw had been spelled not to admit John into the dorm again. Professor Mobius had been surprisingly kind about the whole thing, but firm. No boyfriends in your bed at school.
John pulled off his jacket, and dropped it to the back of a chair. By the light of a small bedside lamp they’d left on, he moved to collapse over the beckoning bed. He rolled onto his back and starfished over the mattress, letting his limbs sprawl.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing? Sherlock is a guest here!” John spat.  “Do you dishonor hospitality given at our house?” He was half the size of Beardy, but the man took a step backwards at the ire radiating off of John.
“The hour of transformation would be midnight, then? One day transforming to the next? Or do you think we are meant to wait for a new lunar cycle or change in seasons? I don’t know the date.” If Sherlock understood the part about the steps, he seemed far less certain of the other sections of the puzzle.
“You’re not like that,” Sherlock said without thinking, suddenly horrified that he might have offended John.
“Oh, God. Sorry.” John blinked, pushing himself sadly away from the comfortable warmth. “What are you doing here?”
“No.” Sherlock dropped the money to the ground, horrified, to crawl back over the bed. He curled up against John, pressing his face against him. “Never. John, I love you.”
“Sherlock! How are you?” Glinn Vorlem’s teeth flashed white over his tanned face as took Sherlock’s hand. “I have this one to thank for meeting my wife!” He crowed to those gathered nearby.
“Yes, sir, I think that’s it for now.” The young man looked up. “We’ll contact you two if we have any more questions.”
“How do you know when you fancy someone? Is it something you do on purpose, or does it just happen?”
He finally saw her round face as she rushed in, late, to meet him. “Oh, John, look at you.” She squeezed him around the middle. “You get more grown-up every time I see you. I’m so glad you could make it home.”
The feeling of John’s steely erection, still hot and ramrod stiff against his hip eventually roused him from his stupor.
“Owen, I have thought about it. A lot. I’m sorry I didn’t say anything earlier, but things weren’t settled before. Now they are. It isn’t just about Bianca. I do like her, but  . . .” John stopped, taking a breath, as he looked out over the rushing waves. He watched the ever-changing pattern of water crashing on the beach, the white foam as the waves dragged back to sea, churning over to repeat again, and again.
Sherlock rushed through the house, fairly flying out the back door to reach the grounds. It was passing strange in some ways how little things had changed around the property. For once no Bajoran servants flitted about tending things, though his mother had a number of Cardassian guards banging around, carrying things she’d selected to the transport van outside.
“Alright, and you had to give me this in person, because  . . .” Sherlock fingered the smooth of the metal.
“No worries,” Mrs. Kent cut back in sweeping her eyes up and down the length of him. “I can tell that you’ve got a great sense of style, dear.  I’m sure you’ll do a fabulous job with the window.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and John leaned in to sneak another kiss. Sherlock’s lips were soft as velvet, beckoning John in to take more . . .
“I wish I had more recent information. Records on the labor camps aren’t always kept as up-to-date as they should. I’ll keep looking, do some cross-referencing. There’s no reason to think she’s not alright . . .”
“So long as it doesn’t involve explosive chemicals, I’m up for anything,” John said, opening the drawer. “What do you have in mind?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it’s just that I’m not good at multi-tasking. I mean, hand jobs are easy — I’ve been practicing on myself since I hit puberty — but blow jobs take a bit more concentration. Every time I get you in my mouth, I feel like all of my attention is on what I’m doing to you, and how you’re responding. And yeah, it drives me wild, but it’s your pleasure that I’m getting off on, and having my own cock sucked at the same time would almost be a distraction. Does that make sense?”
“Top marks go to John and Ted for their excellent potion, and five points to Gryffindor.” Professor Lestrade called out. “Their brew produced the least amount of nose tweaking and singing while still providing an excellent bout of euphoria. Good work gentlemen! Everyone please remember to wash all your equipment thoroughly before you leave today.”
Alastaire might have had a comeback to that if he hadn’t already turned on his heel and started back to the castle.
“I had some business in the area, and it was late enough in the day, that it seemed prudent to simply spend the night.” Mycroft looked down as if to inspect the hand wrapped around his umbrella handle. “I trust my usual room is available?”
Sherlock smiled, and slipped his phone away, settling in for a boring wait. When several hours passed, and Mr. Big Brit seemed to have turned in for the night, Sherlock admitted defeat for the day, and headed off. There was always tomorrow. Two in the morning seemed too late to bother someone, even John, so Sherlock simply made his way wearily back to his hotel room. He paused only long enough to remove his shoes and trousers before collapsing over the bed.
“You, it’s always you. Every time I wanked that summer, and every time after, it was always you in my mind.” John’s eyes were half closed, his words tumbling out like a chant.
Sherlock flopped onto a settee, but John strolled about the room while he sipped. The bubbles of the wine tickled his nose. “So what is all this stuff.” He peered at what looked like a giant snail shell inside one of the cabinets.
“Alright there, luv?” John had asked, looking up to catch Sherlock staring, the laptop under his stilled fingers completely ignored.
“Course it’s better to try.” John snorted. “You learn from your mistakes. If you never try, you just turn into a great pile of heaping dung like you, you great metal birdhead.” John was close to giving the door a swift kick when a pair of arms slid around his middle, and a mass of curls smashed against his cheek.  John reveled in the solid warmth pressed against his back for a moment before a pair of lips found the back of his neck with a resounding smack.
“Hey!” Lestrade called, breaking away from a knot of uniformed police officers to jog over. “Sherlock you know I need a statement before you go.”
“Yeah, coach gave me some ibuprofen straight away.” John ran a hand back through his fringe, rumpling it away from his forehead. “Honestly, I was a complete idiot today, wasn’t watching where I was going. I ran right into Hutchins and fell back on my ankle. Boom.” John made a gesture with his hands, throwing them open.
Sherlock took a deep breath to calm himself. It would do no good to bait this moron. “You’re right, Larex. They aren’t like us at all.”  He turned to stride ahead. “They’re much better,” he muttered under his breath.
“Struggle all you like, captain," Sherlock says, beaming down at him. "I’ll not be in any hurry to ravage you.”
“We got word this morning that the River Caves project is going well,” John said. “They were able to find several naturally occurring caverns big enough for living quarters and storage, and people are already moving in.”
“Yeah, well, that’s just it, innit?” A spotty faced lad spoke up. “Getting all fat and lazy here. No one’s caring about overthrowing the Spoonheads anymore. We’ve even GOT one of ‘em here.” He jerked a thumb toward Sherlock.  “We need to remind people what’s really going on.”
Damn. Sherlock didn’t need a manual on Wizard-Muggle relations to realize that he had just bollocksed things up good and proper. Without another thought, he waved his wand at her,
"Course you are. Who else, ya big git?" Sherlock could hear the smile in John's voice. "Look, try to rest a bit, okay? We still have to get home from here."
Sherlock huffed, and snatched up something from the floor to cover his front as he moved to open the door a sliver. “YES?” he snarled, peering outside. Sherlock scanned both ways before dropping his gaze downward.  He sighed loudly.
“Get the haddock, John, it cooks up better than cod,” Sherlock said, squeezing John’s shoulder before skipping off to look at another display.
“No really . . .” Sherlock protested, but Anderson was insistent, tugging him along with annoying good cheer.
“Good, they went really well.” John waved Sherlock aside, turning his back to him for a moment of privacy. “Sherlock’s solved his case, and we’ve both just got home.”
John shared several tales of his time in the army, both terrifying and touching, and Sherlock leaned in, soaking in every word. He’d almost forgotten that John had every right to wear the army outfit he had on, that it wasn’t just a costume. Sherlock was utterly transported by John’s stories, whisked away to the stomping of boots, the ululation of calls to prayer, blood on hot baked sand, and the silhouette of cold mountains on the other side of the globe.
“No worries Mum, go to sleep, we’re fine. I think we’ll just grab a drink.”  John waved a hand toward the kitchen. He managed a wan smile as his mum leaned in to drop a kiss to his cheek.
“John.” Sherlock put a hand to his arm to stop him. “Surely the first order of business is getting the cloaking field operational again.”
“Fine, get to work, and don’t go grubbing about in the grass again.” The man waved him on. “You might get shot next time you take someone by surprise.”
They chatted a moment, exchanging contact information, before leaving the couple to continue on toward drinks.
Many thanks again to my lovely betas, the-navel-treatment, and otp221b for their fast and fabulous services at fixing this latest chapter up! You guys ROCK! :)
It occurred to Sherlock to wonder what sort of meals John had access to on a regular basis. He certainly made short work of his breakfast, clearing his plate quickly before having seconds.
There were oceans in what John wasn’t saying. Sherlock swallowed deeply. Just the idea of an Omega in danger twisted something deep inside of him. He wanted to pull John onto his lap, cuddle him close, keep him safe as he stroked down his back.
“My people have been farmers for generations.” Lupaza nodded. “I think it’s in my blood. If we can get the ground settled, I can get something growing.”
“The groomsmen need to assemble for some pictures.” Sherlock shuddered delicately. "And then the wedding is at four.”
“Well, it would detract from my work.” Sherlock shrugged. “I have more important things to be doing with my time.”
They paged through the book trying to match the shape of the dot patterns, finally realizing they were numbers. Sherlock got his laptop out, and typed in each number as they found them. When they had finished translating, they had a string of numbers, but no answer as to what it meant. Sherlock tried working out some sort of pattern to no avail.
“We’ve met.” Victor cocked an eyebrow. “Didn’t think you needed to take on tenants. Costing too much to maintain the old place?”
“John.” Sherlock swiveled back after a few minutes later, a small crease in his brow. “Do you want me to help you put your translation spell back in order? I know you can’t understand everyone.”
“Hey, hear that? Come on.” John grabbed Sherlock’s wrist without waiting for an answer and pulled him toward the sounds.
John leaned in close to hiss advice. “Look, don’t be clever. Just stick to the basics and defend yourself. Reese is a hothead. He won’t play long game, and you can just wear him down.”
John extended his hurt arm, watching as Sherlock crushed fat, furry leaves against the scrape. “Mother’s Balm,” John said, perking up. “I didn’t know you grew that here.”
He sat for a moment, feeling adrift, staring at the wall but seeing nothing. Damn the old man. Sherlock hadn’t even been in a room with him for years. He powered down the console, setting everything to rights when a wave of something dark and heavy broke over him, stealing the very breath from his lungs. Somehow his legs carried him upright and stumbling toward his bedroom.
“It was six last time I was here,” Sherlock said stiffly. His shoulders had been drifting up towards his ears ever since their arrival. “It might have changed.”
Another twist to one of his sore nipples, and Mycroft exploded. His orgasm ripped through him, waves of sensation buffeting him about like a leaf before a tidal wave. Noises, someone keening, and then quiet as the tsunami finally receded leaving him utterly wrung out.
“Alright, Mr. Savile Row.” John frowned, copying him. “Not like I go to a bloody tailor every week.”
“Thank you, I’d like that very much.” John’s smile was luminous. It fairly glowed under the streetlamps.
“You came by cab.” Sherlock seemed to deflate as his shoulders slumped. “It would hardly be convenient to get another one this late, and there isn’t another train to London for hours.”
“Alright, alright. I guess we marrieds want to see everyone happily paired up. I’ll leave you be.” Molly leaned back and reached for her wine glass though a contemplative look had settled over her face all the same.
Sherlock huffed a breath, and dropped unceremoniously to his knees before his target, Christian he was obviously called. The boy started to shift shyly away, and Sherlock placed a hand on his hip to steady him as he pressed him more fully against the wall behind him. He worked open the boy’s trousers one-handed with more practicality than finesse. The boy’s rigid cock popped out eagerly, and Sherlock bent forward, opening his mouth to move on to business. Sherlock was gratified to find that his prowess was not wasted on the poncy idiot. A very flattering series of moans ripped themselves from the boy’s throat as Sherlock sucked and bobbed, working his mouth expertly over the boy’s length. The git lifted his hands to bury them in Sherlock’s curls giving them a sharp tug as he clenched, and Sherlock popped off long enough to rasp out in a hard voice. “No, no touching.”
Molly bit her lip, but said no more as she and the Bajoran woman helped Sherlock transfer things from the trunk to the new vehicle.  John moved stiffly, but walked on his own to the front passenger seat. Between the three standing, they were able to get the half-conscious boy into the back without jostling him too badly. Lupaza managed to get him to take some pain pills with water before he went under again.
John rolled back, reaching to slide Sherlock’s briefs over his arse down to his legs. Sherlock wriggled them further along to kick them off somewhere in the sheets.
Sherlock danced like someone who was born to it, graceful and expressive. John smiled up at him and began to sing along:
“Well, you did, and I’m warned. I can’t just go though, not without Irene, and Molly and her husband.”
“God, sod dinner.” John stepped up the wicked work of his lips and tongue, moving over to latch onto Sherlock’s second nipple. Sherlock arched his back and groaned wonderfully.
John lost all sense of time, all sense of himself, everything was pleasure, and good, and Sherlock. John rocked up gently, feeling as though he were melting, losing his edges, running into Sherlock until they were one being with no beginning or ending between them, moving in tandem. John came with a roar that hurt his throat. When Sherlock reappeared it was with a smug smile.
“No, I’ve been asked not to return there,” Bill said somewhat ominously, picking at something stuck on the table.
John swung his bat and connected dead on with the bludger heading his way. The ball soared nicely over the heads of some other players, and back into the Hufflepuff side. John scanned the field, and grinned. The sun shone brightly overhead as pennants snapped in the light breeze. It really was a gorgeous day for the final game of the season.
Sherlock had actually found a Bajoran-run place as suggested, and the food hadn’t been bad. Sherlock had ordered more than he could possibly eat in one sitting trying to taste all the remembered dishes, but the beaten-down look of the waitstaff had taken away his appetite. The young woman who brought out his plates of hasperat soufflé, ratamba stew, and veklava  shuffled out with her head down, her ear bare of the usual swinging Bajoran earrings. Sherlock could see the holes where the studs and chains were meant to hang. No doubt she’d been ordered to remove them. No self-respecting Bajoran ever went out without their family crest firmly in place. It just felt wrong. Sherlock managed a few bites before asking for a bag to take the leftovers away. He put as much of a tip as he could afford on the table as he left. He hadn’t sought out a Bajoran restaurant again.
They left the room, availing themselves of a toilet down the hall.  Sherlock splashed at the sink while John used the toilet behind a screen. Sherlock dried off, listening to the sound of John voiding his bladder, smiling at the domesticity of it. If only he could share a bathroom every morning, listening to John piss, he’d be a happy man. When they were both finished, John opened the door to someone waiting outside.
He lifted out the gun and found it to be already loaded. He peered curiously down the barrel, causing to John to very firmly take it away from him.
Again many thanks to D and iamjohnlocked4life for their support and encouragement. Sometimes it takes a village!
“Ah, well, it was the best option I could find.” Sherlock sat up, rubbing at the muscles under the base of his skull, finding that that did indeed feel knotted.
“What’s wrong with our clothes?” John asked, brushing off his knees as they stood upright. “These are nice robes.”
“Yes, alright . . .” She made a motion to John of scribbling in the air. He quickly found her a pen and a notepad.
Eventually John worked his way back toward Sherlock’s flat, stopping in at a small grocery to buy a few things with his remaining money.  He got back into Sherlock’s building by following another resident on their way in. As he reached out to knock on the door for 2B, it suddenly occurred to John that if no one was around, he’d have no way to get to his things.
Sherlock walked to the far side of the room, took aim, and hurled his first dart. John flinched as it thudded heavily into the board.
Sherlock finished  his own cake, enjoyed how it paired with the warm punch. They could hear Lupanza chanting her soul cake song to another group of people nearby.
Sherlock’s mouth turned up on the corners, suggesting only the possibility of a smile, before falling back into place. “And, given all the people in the world...I’m somehow to believe that you would still choose me.”
“But what good does it do us?” John narrowed his eyes. “It’s not like we’ve got a GPS tracker on us.”
“Well, my friend Irene is running it. She asked me to drum up some bodies, you know, fill up the room? It’s not just for gay people.” John felt as though words were speaking him instead of the other way around. “Trans, pan, bi, ace . . . straight allies are welcome. Really anyone can come. Absolutely open.”
“Oh buggering hell!  I’m late.” John leapt naked out of the bed to dive into the piles of clothing tangled over the floor.
“Victor, Sarah!” John grinned. He shook the hand that Victor extended, and kissed Sarah on the cheek.
John watched as Victor nimbly plucked a fag out of the packet and placed it between his lips. With a snap of the lighter he had the end lit. Victor sat back, blowing out a line of smoke as he tossed the lighter back into the drawer.
Sherlock smiled at that before reaching for another box. He held it so that John could read along with him.
Sherlock dropped his heavy pack in one of the furnished sitting rooms, but he felt strange making himself at home alone there. He found a spot to wait on the stairs instead, bringing out his reader to look over some recent news reports. When he heard the sound of the back door opening, Sherlock popped up, making his way quietly down to investigate if it were friend or foe. Relief leapt in his throat at finding nothing more ominous than a soaked John locking the door behind him. The Bajoran turned, a look of delight flashing quickly over his face as he saw him.
Sherlock stumbled forward as if in a daze. John reached up to the buttons at his creamy white throat, sliding the disks free from their places, one after the other. Sherlock closed his eyes, reaching out to place a hand on John’s bare hip, steadying himself.
John pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling some of the fight leach out of him. He was tired of being looked at like he was pond scum or the menacing, bad guy in some action film.
“Well.” John pulled things closer to him. “Okay, we’ve got numbers, a bunch of them . . .” He peered at the drawing again. “Hey look. They seem to be in pairs. There’s a bit of space between each two.”
“God.” John tugged Sherlock closer, and this time he didn’t step away. John’s arms slid around Sherlock as he buried his face against his throat, breathing him in with great lungfuls of air. He smelled sour, of burnt coffee and old sweat, but so much of himself, John could have wept. Sherlock stood stiffly for just a moment before he melted. His arms came up to hold John close as he leaned his cheek against the top of his head.
“God, you can take me anywhere.” John smiled, punch drunk on having Sherlock there, really there before him.  He reached up to tousle Sherlock’s curls fascinated with how they sprang back into shape as they dried.
John helped them carry out the last of the honey to the van. When the women had driven off, Sherlock turned toward the house, but John stopped him, grabbing his arm to spin him around.
“Get out!” John turned to yell at Kira. “Take your things and go. You’re bunking somewhere else now.”
“John.” Sherlock nudged the man passed out next to him. A thin shaft of light illuminated a slice of his sweetly-slack face, tipping his long fair eyelashes in gold. John snuffled and made to roll deeper into the pillows.
Sherlock jumped in the shower first while John used the toilet, then left him to the water to get dressed. He was sitting on the edge of the bed, toweling his hair dry when John appeared in the bedroom with nothing but a towel slung around his waist. He looked magnificent, like some Greek god risen from the mists, all rosy and golden, his wet hair swept back. He posed dramatically, grinning.
“No, me either. I left him a note.” John shrugged as if it were no matter, just a trifling little misunderstanding. “Thanks for putting up with me underfoot all weekend.”
It was a large cylinder a bit taller than Sherlock, and seemed to be made of some kind of metal painted over in bright orange. When he rapped a knuckle against it, it rang hollow. Immediately Sherlock began to search over its surface.
Sherlock’s heart leapt to see John’s own earrings hanging where they belonged in his right ear. He raised his own hand, ready to call back when a terrible wrongness washed over him, an agony blossoming across his chest. Sherlock curled over the hurt, falling into noise, someone screaming, and pain, so much pain. Time ceased to mean anything. John’s face appeared to block out the blue of the sky over him, his dark eyes gone wide, his hands reaching to pat over him.
Sherlock had to admit that Irene had been right. The massage was fantastic. Sherlock sighed as strong hands pushed away the nearly-permanent tension from his shoulders. Irene, on the table beside him made an appreciative hum as the woman kneaded her way determinedly to her derriere.  When the masseuses finished, they left them to relax a few minutes more, drowsing in the candlelight as they tidied up.
“John, GO LEFT!” Sherlock bellowed as he chased the suspect past the skips, his coat flapping behind him. Clever John was already veering off, running the other way down the alley to circle around the building.
Sherlock nodded and let John lead him to the bathroom where they might have some privacy together before everyone else stirred to life.
“No, no, I’ve come this far. I might as well see if I can track him down.” John pulled himself to standing, moving to fetch the duffle he’d dropped by the door.
Finally on day three of “the missing roommate,” John happened upon Sherlock in the cafeteria in the Student Center. He was tucked away at a small table studying his laptop, a cup of tea at his elbow.
“Ugh.” John felt as if something furry had died in his mouth, and his head throbbed painfully just above his left eyebrow. He desperately wanted to go back in time and tell past John to give the cognac after dinner a miss. He pushed gingerly to sitting, trying to stretch to life. God, he was too old for this. It was a great temptation to call in sick, but Dr. Callum was going to be out that day, and John was needed at the clinic.
“Well, you didn’t specify what I had to use to rub your feet. In fact, you didn’t even specify that it was
“Course I did. I got it ages ago.” John reached into a back pocket to extract a small item folded up in lightweight paper. He passed it over, and Sherlock held the crinkled package for just a moment, turning it over, wondering what it was.
He slipped out easily again on his free night, laden with his spoils, and made his way to a taxi stand to travel into town. The only fly in the ointment was the large, dark storm cloud gathering at the horizon.
“St. Mungo’s staff entrance,” John said in a clear voice as he threw a handful of powder into the fireplace, and stepped carefully inside.
Sherlock made certain John wasn’t glancing backwards as he followed him across the intersection and down the darkened street. John kept up a lively step, whistling to himself, and Sherlock quickened his own pace to keep him in sight. He moved close to the building fronts, slipping behind a group of blokes out on a stag do when John did happened to turn his head.  The detective had left his distinctive Belstaff at home, wearing simply dark jeans and a black shirt to better blend into a crowd, but there was no sense in giving John a direct view of him.
Sherlock could hear his father’s words in her mouth. “I know. Thank you for your help, amma. It means so much to me.”
John’s first thought was that Sherlock might have lost his key. He leapt across the room to answer it, and was somewhat disappointed to find the round face of Mike Stamford in the hallway.
John sent Sherlock a text just to confirm he had it right. The mobile shivered as Sherlock thumbed on the right screen.
“Looks like you’re not one for holding your liquor, eh?” John bent over to drop the pills into Sherlock’s palm, and just the nearness of him, the touch of his hand, and the smell of his breath overlaid with the tang of the mint was enough to bring a sense memory of the night before crashing over him.
“Yes, fine, fine,” Sherlock agreed.  John nodded and bent down to gather Sherlock’s things scattered unceremoniously across the tile floor. He slipped out leaving Sherlock finally in peace.
“Bet John’s hurting, waiting for some cold cock.” One of Navvi’s mates muttered, just loud enough for all to hear, and the three young men giggled.
“Ah, Shelwin.” Mrs. Kent touched Sherlock’s bicep. “Be a love, and pop out and get something from the patisserie around the corner.”
“Sherlock, how could you possibly do that? It was thousands and thousands of pounds.” John had gone a bit pale.
“Do you want to go back out?” John asked Sherlock, rubbing the back of his neck. “People are probably still celebrating.”
John dozed on Sherlock’s shoulder in the warmth of the taxi. They’d had to walk several blocks back to a main street to find one, and John had gratefully collapsed as soon as they'd climbed inside. He only roused when the car stopped outside Victor’s place. Sherlock handed a few notes to the driver, and helped John onto the kerb. The cold snap of the air helped him wake as Sherlock fished out his key.
“Hey, breakfast must be nearly over,” John said once they were free, “But I need to pop up for a change.”
John moved as carefully as he could, relieved when he sank down to the cushion without a mishap. He reached out to find his box of food and slid it closer beside him.
“No, I supposed I didn’t.” John shook his head, surveying the food they’d managed to spill across the floor. Despite the cleanup they had before them, he decided it had been worth it.
“I wanted to do that when I first saw you, touch those lovely cheekbones.” He let his finger trace down Sherlock’s nose, launching off the tip like a ski jump. Sherlock chuckled.
Sherlock’s gaze slid over Mycroft’s uniform. He hadn’t clapped eyes on his brother in years. Obsidian Order, of course. Leadership stripes, naturally. The command structure wasn’t advertised beyond foot soldier or leader in any markings for the Order, but Sherlock could bet his back teeth Mycroft was running the place by now.
Sherlock blinked awake to sunshine filtering in through the thin tent walls. The space was luminous like a cocoon made of light encasing them in their own little world. John was still asleep, sprawled beside him, and Sherlock would have been content to lie and watch him sleep for ages, but a full bladder would not be ignored. Quietly, Sherlock pulled on some clothes, and stepped outside, barefoot, absorbing the shock of the chill ground. He made his way to the water line, startling several birds away as he stumbled toward the waves. He pulled himself out, and watched as the stream of urine caught the sunlight arcing into the water. A flash of something moving on the horizon snagged his eye. A boat. Sherlock finished quickly, and hurried back to wake John.
John’s breath stuttered as Sherlock moved closer to kiss over the curve of John’s ear, mouthing around each stud, and taking the chain connecting the earrings between his teeth to tug gently. John moaned from the back of his throat. Sherlock continued his ministration, licking and nibbling, until John pulled him into his arms again to plunder his mouth in deep, drugging kisses. They rocked together with more focus until need had them shucking the last of their clothing.
“Okay.” Sherlock nodded “See you later.” Giving John a final hard squeeze, he released him, bending to scoop up his bag. Throwing it over his shoulder, he strode off determinedly down the hallway, the stream of traffic parting around him.
“It is right that you should go home.” Bianca nodded. “You will be closer to your family. Family is always the most important.”
“Yes.” Sherlock smiled softly. “While I don’t condone Mycroft’s manipulations, I can’t be angry with the results.” Sherlock caught John’s hand in his own, lifting it to drop a kiss to his knuckles. “I love you, John.”
Sherlock snatched off the paper to reveal “A Compendium of Herbs and Their Uses.” He rifled through the pages. He already had a copy of the guide, but this seemed to be the latest edition. It wasn’t a cheap book by any means.
“God, you gorgeous man.” John was over him in an instant, sinking into Sherlock’s embrace, dropping kisses over his face.
John felt a panic rising as it became apparent that Sherlock didn’t plan on resurfacing before John had to go. He dithered about putting off leaving until the last possible minute, hoping against hope. Finally, John had to admit it was time to leave if he wanted to catch his portkey in time.
Sherlock found a stool to perch on, and pulled his knees up to wrap his arms around himself as he settled into wait, his anticipation nearly making him forget about the cold. It took forever, but most likely only a few minutes before Sherlock heard a familiar tread on the path, the shed door being pulled open, then finally . . . John tumbling into the space with a burst of cold air from outside.
“Couldn’t wait to have you,” John said, starting the car. “Besides, who knows what we’ll find at the house when we get there. Decided I wanted you alone for a few minutes.”
“Yes, but enough. I hate talking about my family.”  Sherlock gave himself a shake.  “I’d much rather talk about what you’re going to do to me once we get to our room.”
“Oh, you feel, you feel . . .” Sherlock sounded surprised, he trailed off, deciding his mouth was better suited to dropping kisses over John’s face.
“Christ, it was mad. Mum’s new fellow, Stephen, God, he came over for Christmas Eve, and brought his kids. It was awful – two little brats who wanted to be at their mother’s house. They were going there right after dinner. Harry got mullered and started singing x-rated carols. At least on Christmas day, Harry had a hangover and it was just us . . . what, have I got egg on my face or something?” John broke off.
John thought they’d lost their chance to stop the bloody ball when a Beater from the Slytherins, a bloke named Peregrin, slid in and caught it, whacking it back to John. Their other Beater, Crusher, joined him, and between the three of them, they kept the ball moving in a circle. The Slytherin girl, Grayson, got out her wand and caught the projectile with a well-timed “STUPEFY!” The bludger dropped to the ground with a thud . . . and finally stayed there.
When he could move his limbs again, he reached down to curl his hand over Sherlock’s still hard member, pulling over him, willing each pass of his fist to convey how honored he was to be here touching this man in this bed. Sherlock came soon with an impressive bellow of his own.
“Poncy bastard.” He complained  shifting the case slung over his back. “How many pairs of shoes does one bloke actually need?”
there are four cabinets with locks that resemble digital clocks. The chapter and verse number of each quote corresponds to the time to which to set each clock.”
John stepped back, his hand pressed over his face. Only when his shoulders began heaving did Sherlock realize the man was crying.
“I believe it’s her way of saying she’s sorry for this past summer.” Sherlock gave a shrug. “My family often finds it hard to say anything of substance to each other in person.”
“Yes, sir, that’s true. My older brother.” Sherlock tried not to wince at the pressure on his fingers nor the invoking of Mycroft’s name. “Prefect, may I introduce Professor Irene Adler?” Sherlock nodded her way.
Sherlock’s hand moved automatically toward the disruptor he’d stashed under the bed. He made himself pause as he focused on the figure in the doorway. It was only a rumpled Lupaza silhouetted by the light in the corridor.
“Come on, there’s some stairs this way.” Sherlock led him past a restaurant, a gift shop, and a long tour bus that flanked the parking area.
“Yeah, me too, always.” John smiled shyly, looking away. He gathered his thoughts a moment before swinging back to fix Sherlock in a piercing gaze.
John got a wicked gleam in his eyes. “All right. But remember, you asked for it. What’s gold divided by silver?”
“Fuck, that was nice.” John collapsed onto his back over the bed as Sherlock grabbed a handful of tissues to wipe them both clean.
When the rehearsal was finally agreed to be over, everyone gravitated toward the private room at the hotel’s restaurant where the dinner was being held. John felt a wash of relief when Sherlock popped up at his side. He didn’t want to admit that he’d been feeling a bit off seeing the attractive brunette wrapped around Sherlock’s arm all evening, even if he hadn’t paid her a whit of attention.
John felt a little better, the thought of someone sneaking around what he had come to think of as their home had been a bit disturbing. He leant forwards and placed his eye against the scanner while Sherlock did the same on the other side.
“All right boys and girls.” John startled as Professor Lestrade clapped his palms together.  “Let’s see how you do with brewing a basic cough potion. It may seem simple enough, but there’s a bit of a knack in getting it just right.  Off you pop, then.”
“Oh, right.” John watched as Sherlock snatched up the copy of “the Hobbit” to rifle through it. He had his doubts, but as Sherlock typed the words found, sense was actually emerging.
John didn’t say another word about the bedroom aids, and neither did Sherlock. They rolled together under the covers and had a very satisfying mutual wank. John didn’t think he’d ever get over Sherlock’s beautiful hands. Just having them touch him shot his heart rate up. Everything about Sherlock was so
“Alright.” Sherlock found a kitchen chair, sitting still while John daubed the cool arnica gel around his eye.
Sherlock giggled, and John nudged him, wondering how much wine he’d had. Eventually the city boys cleared out, and the relatives and acquaintances who wanted to have a word with Sherlock did too, and they were free to return to their room.
“Hmmph.” Sherlock gave a noncommittal grunt, folding his arms over his chest, as he swept his gaze over the room of young high-ranking Cardassians gathered. A few still picked at the leavings at the luncheon buffet. Some were twirling about in the tedious social dances that seemed to be de riguer for these gatherings, while others simply chatted in small groups, employing brain-numbing amounts of giggling and eye batting in the process. Sherlock barely managed to keep the salad he’d consumed to stay in his gullet with all the revolting
“She’s here.” John nodded, and Sherlock turned to see that people had joined them from another door.
Later, when Mrs. Watson was in the loo, Harry nudged John as they carried plates and leftovers back to the kitchen. “Come on Johnny, what say we get out of here, and have some real fun tonight?”
“Not such a good morning then.” John’s eyes flicked over his face. He almost smiled, but kept his lips firm instead. “You left them in the loo. Hang on.” John disappeared, returning shortly with a bundle that he dropped into Sherlock’s lap.
“My parents read to me when I was pre-literate, but I tended to enjoy scientific journals, or history books. Fiction didn’t interest me much.”
“Yeah, yeah.” John interrupted waving Sherlock’s words away. “That’s what you tell charming blokes at cocktail parties. You could have gone to any number of countries around the world to get a good story. Why this one?”
Although they hadn’t planned to join them, they saw their friends at the usual spot across the room. John nudged Sherlock’s arm and tipped his head toward them. At Sherlock’s nod, John led them over to join the crew.
“Where are we going, Sherlock? Seriously, where?” John whispered as the unfamiliar bus swayed them side to side.
“Bajor is the only home I’ve ever known.” Sherlock shrugged, answering her in Bajoran.  “The land and the people are one.”
Sherlock’s face was delightfully stubbly and John left off kissing to nibble along his jaw. He scraped at the dusting of scruff with this teeth, nipping at the sensitive skin under his ear to brush his own bristles against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock groaned delightfully.
Sherlock was warm and sleep-smelling and his tee had slipped over to reveal the slope of his shoulder. John wanted nothing more than to bundle him back to bed and have his way with him . . . except that someone was still sleeping in their bed, and John was about to be late for work. He made himself drop a single kiss to Sherlock’s soft lips and step back.
Sherlock turned his attention back to the lease, “It's a good location, the apartments there are generally very nice.”
They boarded a transit bus, Sherlock letting John help him up the stairs and drop their coins into the slot. John bit back snickers as several Bajoran matrons shifted packages from the front seats to allow Sherlock a place of honor to sit. John slid in easily beside him.
It stuck to John’s thumb. Honey. John sucked it off before tugging Sherlock closer, licking over his face to clear the rest of it.
“No, don’t get frustrated. It’s a puzzle that can be solved like any other.” Sherlock raised an eloquent eyebrow. “You just need to take logical steps to get there.”
No adverse effects his arse. John shifted on his seat as he felt something decidedly stirring under the napkin on his lap.
“Correct again.” Mycroft sighed. “Some conservative old sticks have completely lost sight of the big picture. We are simply hemorrhaging resources funding this occupation, and the Bajorans have made it increasingly difficult to maintain even status quo.”
“I thought these were all mine,” Teddy said, glancing at the top of the pile. “Oh, no. You’re right, mate. I don’t take
John gasped at the rush of sensation that flowed unchecked over his body, letting it simply sweep him away. He whimpered slightly as it stopped, the warmth of Sherlock disappearing as he rolled away.
John raced upstairs to the bedroom, but the bed was empty, still made up from yesterday. He ran through the house calling Sherlock’s name, but no one answered. When he made it back to the living room, he spied his phone still on the coffee table, and thumbed it to life, checking his messages. There was finally a text from Sherlock.
“Yeah, thanks.” Sherlock looked so put out, John struggled not to laugh. “It was . . . interesting meeting you, Mycroft.”
“Two years,” Sherlock said with a small wince. He could see the storm brewing behind John's eyes as he struggled to absorb the news.
“Sorry, John doesn’t have free time tonight.” Shakaar stepped in. “We need all hands on deck, it’s busy work this revolution business.”
It was late when John finally trudged back to his dorm. He’d lingered at the library, tucked away at his favorite table by the window until the view had turned to dark, and all he could see was his own reflection. Thankfully no ear-splitting music greeted him as he pushed into his corridor. As he reached his door though, the smell of something burning assaulted his nose.
“No, no, you’re thinking too hard,” Sherlock spoke against John’s ear over the loud, soppy music. “Just relax and feel where I’m going to go next. My body will telegraph its intent.”
“Something my sister, Harry, told me about. She went to a restaurant once that did it. You eat a meal completely in the dark, can’t see a thing. They get blind waiters and everything. It’s supposed to focus your senses so you enjoy the food more.”
“Erm, thank you Mr. Holmes.” Professor Mobius winced as he took the podium.  “At this time, we would like to call forth this year’s graduating class to receive their diplomas. If everyone could please hold your applause until the very end, we would be
The dragon broke off to bend his neck down, bringing his face closer to his little prey to breathe his scent in deeply. The little creature who writhed so appealingly in his talons smelled of brisk mountain winds, something sweet like honey, and a deep earthiness like good fresh soil turned over in the springtime. After being drenched in the smells of cold stone halls, and sharp metallic treasure, the dragon welcome the scent of simpler, softer things.
“Of course. We need some younger people here to liven up the weekend.” He winked broadly  before moving on to greet others.
and wrote Sherlock a letter.  He filled pages and pages about how he felt, what he wanted and didn’t want, and where he hoped things were going between them. Finally satisfied, he put out the light and went to sleep. Before breakfast, John slipped up to the school owlery and found a school owl to deliver the letter all rolled up into a bulky cylinder, tied up tightly.
John was even more thrilled by the contents of the next freezer. His mouth began watering over the ice cream, cheese cake, tiramisu, and other treats within. All of these appetising sights left John completely unprepared for what he found in the fourth freezer he opened.
The headmistress, Professor Crumblecatch, stepped up to the podium, and held out her hands to settle the restless crowd. Her amplified voice rolled out over those gathered. “WELCOME FAMILIES AND FRIENDS.  WE GATHER TODAY FOR AN EVENT BOTH LONG HOPED FOR AND LONG DREADED, BIDDING FAREWELL TO THIS YEAR’S GRADUATING CLASS OF HOGWARTS.”
Sherlock could hear the men banging into the room above as he and John burst into the room below. An older Afghan couple lay in the bed of the new room. They’d obviously been asleep, just woken by the noise. The woman sat up and screamed.
Sherlock broke off with a groan when John suddenly pinched. John grinned wickedly as he scooted down to replace his fingers with his mouth. He licked over Sherlock’s nipples, laving gently with his tongue before latching on to suck at one.
“Hang on you lot. Try not to kill each other while I get my own.” John chuckled, rising to queue at the bar to order a drink. A large poster printed on bright green paper hanging next to the counter caught his eye. Changing headlines flashed along the top of the page, while an image of little wizard kept disappearing and reappearing all around the edges.
John blinked his eyes open. “Oh, hello, you.” John smiled drowsily. He pulled Sherlock down into his arms, and they were off again, devouring each other with soul-searing kisses and touches that felt as if they left fire in their path.
“Owl droppings.” Sherlock swore when he dropped a bit of bread into the pot of molten cheese, and had to go fishing for it.  John propped his chin into the heel of one hand to savor the sight of Sherlock intently poking about then triumphantly spearing his missing bread. Sherlock stretched  a long string of cheese over himself as he ferried the bite to his mouth. John smiled indulgently at him.
John smiled, quickly changed, jamming his feet into his trainers without socks, and set off. A corridor downstairs connected the main building with the newer addition holding the pool. John followed the signs to the right door, though the smell of chlorine and loud echoing voices was a bit of a give away too.
“Thank you for working on this, Mr. Holmes.” John turned, holding out his hand to shake farewell. “I do appreciate it.”
“Well, see, they’ve printed questions on the green blocks, and if you remove one of them from the tower, you have to answer honestly. Or, if you take a red block with a dare on it, you have to do what it says. And then there are a bunch of beige blocks that we each get to write our own questions or dares on.”
“And you’ve got double the dating pool.” Irene snorted. “You’d think out of any of us, you’d have the best chance of finding someone.”
Skeletal sweets and blood lollies (in honor of the witching season) to my two lovely betas, otp221b, and the-navel-treatment for their fabulous help in spiffing up this chapter.
Sherlock gestured to the empty sea, “There doesn’t appear to be anywhere to swim to in any case. Shall we open our next clue now?”
“I’ve been doubly blessed now,” Lupaza crowed. “Well, I’ll have to see if everyone else recognizes me so quickly.” She set her basket down as she pulled the scarf over her head, winding it back into place.
Alastaire and his goons smirked at them as they glided by, but thankfully headed off without another word.
He flinched slightly as cool metal slid up his trousers leg against the skin of his calf. The snip of scissors reached him as his clothes were systematically cut and parted, pulled away from his body until he was left with nothing but underwear, socks, and the remnants of some very expensive wool trousers caught under his bottom. The cool air left him with gooseflesh, and nothing but the thin cotton of his briefs hiding his raging hard-on.
“Of course, my dear.” Dukat clucked his tongue. “Sadly our little gathering seems to be dropping like flies. Several have already checked out this morning I hear.” He smiled kindly at the two of them. “I think I may join the trend, and get back into town. Always so much to do waiting on my desk. You don’t mind sharing your car do you?”
Sherlock took his hat off to wipe the sweat from his brow before jamming it back on. The heat of summer had settled over them in full force. If it was bothering him with his Cardassian physiology, he knew the Bajorans were suffering. Few were complaining though.
John looked back from the front passenger seat, shooting him a complicated expression, frowning and smiling at once. Sherlock grinned in reply, and John’s wrinkled forehead smoothed before he turned back around.
“Thanks, this is fine.” John kindly but firmly removed the woman’s hand from the vicinity of his crotch.
Sorry, no puzzles to solve at the end of this chapter, but perhaps all those who made it through the great hiatus between series 2 and 3 might like to have a go at guessing how Sherlock survives the fall! ;)
John picked up the ropes to jolt himself out of staring at the man. They were black, and soft to the touch, but sturdy when tugged on. He found nothing unusual about them, though. They were just ropes.
“It’s no problem.” Sherlock selected a pastry of his own. “I know how hard it can be, keeping up appearances."
After they’d bid everyone good-bye and made it back to their room, John gathered up his laundry and several things of Sherlock’s for washing. He expected Sherlock to faff off to the labs or something, but was pleasantly surprised when he tagged along to the laundry room in the basement instead. Things were a bit crowded on Sunday night, but John found an empty washing machine to dump their things into. He cursed when he stuck his laundry card in the slot and found it empty of funds.
“AAAArrr, Mycroft.” Sherlock whinged, swallowing hard. “Tomorrow’s our last day. I wanted to spend it all here, not go back earlier for
“I bet you know some excellent places to snog around here.”  John stood on tiptoe to whisper by his ear. “Come on, show me. I want to do wicked things to you, and I’d prefer not to have so many witnesses.”
“They’re beautiful, long and elegant like the rest of you.” John moved in to lick a stripe over Sherlock's instep. “Never had a foot fetish or anything before, but . . .” He huffed a laugh.
“Hmmm.” Mycroft shrugged. “Still, the offer stands through the week. If you change your mind, my direct mobile number is on the card.”
Sherlock woke in the night, the unexpected heat of a body next to him, and the soothing rhythm of John’s breathing in his ear. He shifted, and John woke up, his breath deepening as his hand moved to grasp Sherlock’s waist.
John let off a whistle at his first look at the large space. Shelves covered in all manner of bottles and supplies filled the edges of the room while rows of countertops and stools stood in the center. Drying herbs hung from the rafters of the sloped roof giving the place a festive air, while a line of potions brewing gently over magic flame lined the stone work top along the back wall.  Sherlock went to inspect the simmering brews, pulling on his goggles and dragon-skin gloves by force of habit as he moved closer.
Mycroft’s haughty demeanor shifted to something much more human.  “John, I’d heard that you’ve received a place at St. Mungo’s in the autumn. Congratulations.”
John licked his lips as a wealth of heated images flashed through his mind. “Oh, Holmes. I’m going to do
John pulled his shirt back on as they moved to the doorway. They passed a Bajoran man with a towel around his neck coming in, and it wasn’t simply Sherlock’s imagination that his lip curled in a sneer as they moved by.
“Hmm, what?” Sherlock looked around from where he was studying the cliff face. “Oh, that. It isn’t exactly official, but naturists use this section of the beach at times.”
“That’s right. I’m Galen, the man that gets you the tricky things. Pleasure to meet you.” Galen stuck out a hand.
Sherlock removed his fingers from John. Plucking the dildo from the bed, he quickly sheathed it in a condom, and applied a liberal dollop of lube to coat.
“Thank you, dear. Aren’t you polite? Servicemen, always so polite. I could have done with a bit more politeness in my day. But then it’s always the naughty ones that catch your eye first, isn’t it?” She winked at him over the rim of her cup.
During the next seven days Sherlock solved two cases, writing the names of the perpetrators down carefully and filing them away until such time as they could be passed on to the police.
“John, no . . . no.” Sherlock pulled back slightly to kiss the wet off John’s face, making a game of peppering over him with little smooches until John laughed, a half-broken sound that was better than the noises he had been making.
“I don’t give out my private address to many people,” John said. “My sister, a couple of friends, work, of course. That’s about it. I asked around at first, thinking it was a joke, but no one knew anything about it.”
“Yeah, the fat bloke. He wants to know if you think I’m cute.” John had a twinkle in his eye as he reached for his glass.
“Aw, Johnny, you big mug. We wouldn’t miss it,” Harry sniffed in reply, and punched him a bit too hard in the arm.
“Excuse me, is this seat taken?” The familiar deep voice rattled John out of his reverie, and he craned his neck back, up and up past a dark coat to find a pale face topped by a gorgeous mess of black of curls regarding him.
“Count yourself lucky.” Sherlock grimaced. With another flick of his wand, he sent the cork shooting out of the wine with a loud pop.  John held out the glasses as Sherlock poured them each a drink.
was Sherlock saying? He wasn’t actually bonded to anyone else, it was all just a ruse to smooth the way for his investigations. Sherlock struggled to make his tongue work to tell John he was a free man . . .
Sherlock made sure to tidy up his experiments in the lab space. No doubt Mycroft would have minions sent in to ready the facility for its next use, but he felt loathe to leave anything personal lying about. He gathered what notes seemed useful before moving to meet John in the kitchen. A feast of epic proportions was already laid out over the table as John brought the last of something over from the stove.
“Thanks, Luv.” He smiled fondly at her as he pushed the glasses onto his nose to peer at the menu again. “Ah, there, that’s better.”
John glanced about the room too as his eating tapered off to a more measured pace, and a frown knit his eyebrows together. “Sherlock,” he began.
By late morning, the rainstorm had moved on leaving a general gloominess in its wake. Sherlock was pleased to see Mr. Nigel Beedles leaving for business elsewhere, and was looking forward to a quiet afternoon when Mrs. Kent appeared, dropping a large box on his desk.  “Sherwood, I have a little project for you, my dear.”
“You’re welcome to them. I’ve got two dozen more. But please don’t be offended if I don’t want to keep yours. I have certain standards when it comes to what I put on my body.”
The next morning, John signed up to be a tutor in Charms, Muggle Studies, and Flying. He volunteered for extra prefect duties, and even convinced Victoire to join him in extra Beater practice on top of the twice-weekly team practices Teddy already had scheduled.
