"So, what do you call a crazy party?" Dean asked. As soon as he asked the question he wished that he'd hadn't. Cas fixed him with a heavy look and smirked.
“If you send the video to anyone at the school I’m leaking the security video from Studio A.” Gabriel whispered threateningly.
“None of us could translate it but it isn’t in any of the languages any of us know.” Samandriel said from his seat. From the excited look on his face Castiel could tell that his brother was almost salivating over the possibility of finding out the translation of Castiel’s pendent.
didn’t have to TP her cabin. And ok, she maybe had gone too far when she, along with her cabin buddies, egged Jack’s whole cabin but sticking the two of them in isolation was going a bit far.
“Come on, you hate us being late so we better get a move on,” Dean said.
“Yes Dean, I am being serious. I want to marry you, again.” Cas said.
“Oh man…you got lucky,” Adam said giving Dean a sympathetic pat on the back which really didn’t feel that sympathetic.
.” Dean said as his mind went back to the last time he had seen Jo.
"I should be with someone who makes me happy. I should be somewhere that makes me happy."
Both of them were completely fucked.
“What can I say? The Milton’s love me. I’m like a daughter to Amy and Richard,” Meg said.
Meg shrugged her shoulders and took her seat next to Cas. The pair bumped fists, earning an eye roll from Naomi and a snort from Dean and Gabriel, as Hester got into position. Her chosen music was simple and classic. Hardly contemporary. Her moves were safe and typical ballet. Meg yawned loudly, earning a glare from Naomi.
“Claire.”
“Yes, and yes I have seen him quite a bit if that’s what you’re asking. Michael told me that you moved here and that you two still talk occasionally.” She said, her eyebrow cocking now. “It’s nice you two can still do that despite you breaking up with him just because he moved across the Atlantic. I’m guessing that you’re not here for chit chat though are you?” Bela asked. Seeing as her father was on the verge of dying from a huge aneurysm Dean decided to let the comment about him breaking up with Michael slide. Dying parents gave you one free pass to be a total bitch.
"No it wasn’t anything like that, we were both at med school together so we were both under the same amount of exam stress and shit like that." Dean said.
“Perfect start to my first day.” The girl said with a voice dripping in sarcasm. She barely looked eighteen and seemed to have a lot of attitude.
“Yeah Cas?”
None of this made sense. He should have been dead. He was supposed to be dead. A vicious creature had ripped him apart and he should have died but instead, he was…wherever the hell he was.
"Dude, it's two
"Meg do take care before you break the chair or yourself," Amy commented as she set about getting everyone a drink.
“The accountancy firm?” Arthur asked.
“So you never staged any amphibian memorials?” Dean asked.
That was actually true. Meg and Ruby had spent the whole of the previous summer at the Milton’s summer house in the Hamptons. Cas, Meg, Anna and Ruby danced every day in the converted dance studio before spending their evenings with Cas’ parents on the deck. Both Meg and Ruby spent a lot of time with Cas’ family.
Anna's brow furrowed as she continued to stare at Castiel. "But last time you-"
“Just think, sex is better for you than the carbs,” Cas pointed out. “It's more of a workout, depending on the positions,” He added. Meg snorted loudly, her face burrowing into Cas’ neck as she tried to mask the laughter.
“Sam let’s just leave it. You both said shitty things to each other and I’m sorry. We really don’t have to talk about it.”
Dean was
As if by magic, the relief in everyone’s face disappeared and were replaced with looks of worry. It was only the second day and Cas could already feel the pressure of senior year. How the hell were they all going to make it through the year without going insane or killing someone?
“So who is at this wedding anyway?” Sam asked after about ten minutes.
"Good because I want this Dean...I want
"I'm used to people wanting me dead.”
"Bela says your bed is the most uncomfortable bed she's ever slept in Adam. Also, can we grab her a large coffee?"
"And you don’t care that Cas fucked up the finale?” Dean asked, unable to believe what he was actually hearing. It felt too good to be true.
“Yeah well I’m going out and I really didn’t feel like getting detention today.” Castiel said with a slight sigh. “Besides, I didn’t put my meds into my bag this morning so I need to take them.” Castiel added with another shrug of his shoulders as he began walking towards the kitchen. Gabriel quickly followed him.
“Like I said, it depends on the question.”
“Someone looks pissy.” Cas said.
The shot of the gun was thunderous, the sickening sound ricocheted off the surrounding trees and sent a wave of shock through Castiel as he watched the man ten, maybe fifteen, feet in front of him stiffen and begin to crumple to the ground. Without a second’s hesitation Castiel plunged the knife into the demon’s jugular, twisting viciously without care, and began sprinting towards the man, catching him just in time before the man hit the ground. The man seemed frozen with shock until he looked down at his shirt and realised that the thick cotton shirt was swiftly becoming wet and stained with the deep crimson of blood. His blood.
The kitchen suddenly felt too small. The air was too thick as it pressed down on Dean's shoulders. Ruby's words, Cas' words and now Sam's words screamed at each other in Dean's mind.
“We…we just grew apart over the summer," Adam muttered, not looking at Dean. Cas could tell that Adam was lying through his teeth.
Next to him, his younger sister Anna turned and gave a beautifully excited smile. Throughout the summer all Cas had thought about was coming back to this place and starting his final year. Anna had been just as excited for her first year at the school. It had been all she could talk about while they were away in Paris.
“Ow! Fuck!” he cursed bring his hand to feel where his forehead had connected with the metal. Being the unhelpful asshat that he was Cas just lay there and laughed loudly at Dean’s pain. “Oh you think that’s funny?” he jibed.
"Want me to grab one of the guys to come with you?" Sam asked.
“It’s not-”
in the cinema?” Luke asked.
Grabbing Zachariah by the neck Dean braced himself, knife in hand and ready to cut deep into Zachariah’s skin. “I’m not going to play games and I’m not going to listen to your shitty attempts to get under my skin. Release Castiel Novak now.”
“No, because you were the one who went through all that trouble to pull him out of Hell in the first place. You can finish the job you started.”
"I'm here for Castiel Novak" someone said from the reception area. Castiel looked up in surprise because it wasn't his father, Gabriel or Michael; it was Luke of all people.
. This is going to take some getting used to.” Jimmy said. From his place in the bed, Cas groaned loudly and opened his bloodshot eyes. Someone was seriously hungover.
All the insecurities Dean held back in Chicago were gone. When he and Cas started at the hospital no one gave them shit for their relationship. Back in Chicago, they had been the intern and resident screwing each other but in Baltimore, they were just two residents who happened to be together. Cas' reputation after the TED conference making people even more in awe of him while Dean was the genius from Yale who, as it turned out, got the highest results in his intern exam. Charlie had been two points behind him and it drove her insane. After nearly two years she threatened to stop being friends with Dean if he didn't stop calling her Two Points Bradbury.
“You’re the only person here.” Cas pointed out. “I can’t help it if you have been staring.”
“Comes from the English word promenade, what of it?”
"It's ok Dean." Cas said. “Really, how did you get into this whole show?” Cas then asked. “No offense, but you really don’t seem like the type of person who would be into this whole thing. Not that you are bad at your job, quite the opposite actually. Once again, no offense.”
"I don't know why you can't just text or call like a normal person." He said as soon as Sam’s face popped up onto the screen.
Dean shook his head and gave Cas a wide grin. Cad couldn’t help thinking how attractive Dean looked when he smiled.
"You were the only intern not at the mixer last week so I sort of took a guess. Looks like it paid off." The blonde said. The reason why Dean hadn’t been at the mixer was because Sam had needed picking up from the airport. He hadn’t seen the nerd all summer and would have rather spent the night kicking his baby brother’s ass at Call of Duty instead of pretending to be social around a load of strangers. "I’m Jo, Jo Harvelle by the way."
“I still have a job if that’s what you’re asking,” Dean said.
“Ok, Harvelle get me as soon as those results are in and Budweiser can go and suture the son’s head wound.” Novak said.
He also knew that, among the male dancers at his level, he was Gabriel's favourite. It was probably due to Cas' own build. Adam and Inias were slight, destined to be in the corps. Cas and Michael, however, were taller with larger muscle mass. The pair were always destined to be rivals when it came to parts. Cas would have disliked him if he wasn't such an honest guy, a bit of a stickler for rules but he had a decent side to him.
“Before you ask I have no idea who it is,” Michael said as Cas sat down next to him. Michael lit up a cigarette and handed it over to Cas. “So that was
student out of bed by the count of five they will find themselves out on the street quicker than they can say Giselle!”
"Believe me, I could probably use that money to buy new sheets. My neighbor called and said she could you two fucking from her deck so I'm guessing I need to refurbish my master bedroom."
Anna said on the screen, her smile bright.
“Bela-”
“What can I get you?” the, slightly disgruntled looking, waitress asked as soon as Castiel reached the main counter.
Dean fired off a quick text to Cas as he pulled out the street.
"Yeah sure, come in," Jo said opening the door even further. Dean followed her into the main room where Adam was sat. “I thought you were with Cas tonight," Jo said as she walked into the small kitchenette and grabbed a bottle of beer from the refrigerator.
Realisation rushed to him as memories from the night before started to sweep across his brain like wings cutting through the air. He had crossed a line, a huge bright red 'Do Not Cross' line really, by sleeping with his resident and there was a strong chance he could get kicked out of the intern program. He'd barely been there three months as well.
“Are you ok?” Cas asked.
“Are you still pissed at me?” Dean asked because he could feel that Jimmy was winding up to something.
Meg grabbed a pillow sitting on the ledge and flung it at Bela. For all their quips and biting remarks, there was never any real rivalry between Cas and his friends. Sure they all fought for the best roles but they were never intentionally cruel to one another. They left that to the likes of Hester Holmes and her group.
"That or I'm at Anna's house or here." Castiel said looking around the Roadhouse.
“If you don't want to take it I understand because you have a life here and friends but there we could just be us, there would be no judgemental interns giving you shit over our relationship. We'd be working together to improve the lives of millions of people around the country with heart problems. We’d be together in Baltimore saving people’s lives." Cas added almost babbling and dean could see he was becoming excited by the idea.
Dean made his way back towards the mansion. The house was quiet but that really wasn’t much of a surprise, a place that huge hardly made a sound. Suddenly Dean felt a pang that reminded him of homesickness. All he wanted to do was be back home in South Dakota with Sam and Bobby. He wanted to see Ellen and Jo preparing for a hunt. He wanted to see Jess smile at Sam like he was the only man in the world.
were you such a slut? Get in the car. Stop stalling for time. I'm on the clock here."
“About ex-partners,” Cas said.
"You just don't feel it?" Dean guessed. Cas nodded. "Can you fake it? At least until the season is over?"
“You can’t go in there!” An RA shouted. “This is the girl’s floor! It’s past curfew! None of you should be here!”
“Yes Dean I was asleep, it is… it is 2:35. Are you dying in a ditch?” Jimmy grumbled.
“So that's where I went after sorting a few things out first.” Dean said narrowing his eyes at the back of Anna’s head. Clearly Dean didn’t appreciate interruption. “Normally we can find someone in seconds but with you it was different.”
“Hey…what’s with the face?” he questioned noticing Cas’ guilty look. At first, he was worried Cas had overheard some of his phone conversation but there was a smile under the guilty look.
"So you told him about being in love with him?" Charlie pressed.
“I’m here for you, don’t you get it?” Dean yelled, his voice echoing of the walls and sending shivers through Castiel’s whole body. “I am here for you Castiel Novak-Reeves. Here for you. It’s unfair and shitty but I am here for you.”
Anna put her arm around Ruby as they climbed out of the car. Both girls looked like they were dead on their feet. Cas dreaded how they would handle classes the next day. He wondered if he could go to Balthazar and plead for Ruby to be given some free time. She could stay at the hospital with Meg and avoid all the rumours that would fly around Lawrence.
“Yes. You can do whatever you want. That’s only if you want to come with me. I know you have a life here-”
Despite his best efforts, Dean couldn’t stop himself from glancing over his shoulder and look over to where Cas was stood. A small smile crept across Dean’s face as he saw Cas’ completely oblivious expression when the barmaid started flirting with him.
“Didn't what?”
"Oh, I
“Honestly?” Dean asked. Ruby nodded sagely. “Don’t bother trying to screw the AD, he’s my brother and his fiancée Jess will make you all look like drag queens. She’s the head makeup artists.” Dean said. “If you get caught screwing a cameraman then you’re out. The showrunner is a woman and will eat you alive. Don’t think about fucking a producer so you can stay in the show, it never works."
Ya tozhe po tebe skuchayu - I miss you too
This was Dean and he was kissing him. It didn’t make sense but it was the most perfect thing in the world.
“Harvelle! Budweiser!” Novak called marching towards them. Ok, he might have been a resident and a good surgeon but if he didn’t start calling Dean by his actual name then the guy was going to find himself was a broken jaw. “Epicardium repair on Lisa Braden in OR four. Both of you need to be scrubbed in five minutes.”
“He hasn’t-”
, of cheap energy drinks.” Michael pointed out with a knowing look.
Anyway, this chapter is far too fluffy and nothing bad happens in this chapter to warrant you thinking it's a cruel April's Fool Day joke, I think we can all agree the How I Met Your Mother finale was more than enough of a joke for one lifetime.
"Cas...if I did something wrong, if I mistook something then can't you just tell me? I don't want you thinking I'm some douchebag because I misread whatever this is between us." Dean said.
“Yeah...Jess...have your little...bitch hold...you back.” Michael said between groans.
years old Anna. I am perfectly capable of driving.” Castiel said furiously.
“Oh I’ve definitely always been like this.”
“Fine but as soon as he stops feeling like death I want to talk to him.” Jimmy said. He soon hung up while Cas rubbed his eyes and prayed for the room to stop spinning.
“Hey you can’t beat roadside burgers,” Dean said. “Want a drink Cas?”
. He’d had crushes before this and they had never seemed to fuck with his brain before.
"If you don't stop being a bitch over this I'm hanging up. You were an ass over the whole Michael thing so I'm telling you about Cas, stop complaining."
A wide smile lit up Sam’s face as he turned to face Castiel while Adam looked like he was about to wet himself. The poor guy was still terrified of Cas.
“Ok I was but you weren’t to know that,” Dean said. “So what’s this Jell-O related question?”
They shocked Krissy again and waited. After a few seconds, there came a faint beeping from the monitor.
"I was having a Community marathon and Skyping my friend back in Kansas." Charlie said with a shrug. Well that proved that Castiel had indeed been right. "Now why were you sneaking out my brother's room?"
“You’re never careful.” Adam shot back rolling his eyes diffusing some of the tension that had built.
“No, not until I know what the fuck is going on.”
“That’s Balthazar, he was my best friend at Harvard. He lives in England now, he’s a surgeon in London.” Castiel said.
“Your father regrets the things he said and did, you know he does. Just remember that I am here for you, I’m just on the other end of the phone Dean.”
“Lafitte has been impressed with your work in the ER and he thinks you’ll make a very good trauma surgeon but, with Milligan on his service, there’s a spot open with me in cardiology.”
He told Mary everything in the end. From how he first met Cas to how they finally got together and all the worry Dean had felt once he’d realised that he was developing feelings for his resident. Mary listened intently throughout the whole story, offering sage advice here and there while she regularly made Dean fresh drinks.
than actually paying attention to the room full of delinquents. Look relieved Dean went back to tapping the screen.
Gabriel never stopped calling out orders and critique. From sloppy lines to not having a perfect turn out, Gabriel picked up on everything and by the time class was coming to an end, Cas was thoroughly exhausted. Sweat clung to his skin and he could already feel a blister forming on the base of his heel. All he wanted to do was sink into an ice bath and stay there for a week.
Castiel glanced over his shoulder to see Michael, standing with several of his normal hangers-on. Fantastic.
“Do you think he counts making out with a bass player as practice?” Meg whispered.
When Cas didn’t deny it her mouth fell open with surprise.
"Apparently Twitter loves it." Charlie said as she walked over. "The brighter the shirt the more mentions he gets."
If he left Chicago he’d been leaving behind friends he’d grown to really love and feel safe around, he’d be leaving his apartment and moving even further away from his brother out in California. He’d be going to a job that would probably terrify him and make him doubt ever wanting to become a surgeon in the first place but on the other hand, he’d be with the person he could easily see himself spending the rest of his life with. He would be working on groundbreaking research that could save millions of lives and proving that he was the smart, driven person he always hoped people would see him as.
“With great difficulty.” Castiel said as moved around his room picking out a pair of sneakers and a hooded sweater. “I’m guessing that you want to leave the house.” Castiel pulled on his sweater. “I can’t blame you at all, I could do with some time away.”
“Watch it asshole, that’s my brother your shit talking.” Dean hissed as his hand curling into a fist. “Back the fuck off Donner.”
“Only that I didn’t tell her,” Cas said. Anna chewed on her lower lip and gave Cas an apologetic smile.
“He was a what?”
“That was not as bad as the time you wanted to make your own honey."
“No…I never got I want and I probably never will.” Dean said sounding incredibly bitter. “That’s just how life turns out but you’ve got a chance man, this is your chance to change that. You can do something with your life and not live like this.”
"Because knowing what to do if a pancreas ruptures doesn't mean I know how the fuck Skype works." Dean shot back feeling like that was a small victory.
"Urm...excuse me, I’m sorry to bother you, Dr Winchester." A nervous voice from the doorway. Dean and Cas turned around to see Dean's over-enthusiastic intern Kevin Tran standing in the doorway, all spiffed up in a rented suit.
“Dude, I doubt that. I remember those tight running shorts.”
“Libidinous?” Castiel offered.
“Shoes.” He said. There had always been a rule that there was to be no muddy shoes in the kitchen. They’d had that rule even when their mother still lived in the Novak household and she gradually got sick of Michael always traipsing in mud after his junior league football games. Castiel kicked off his muddy running shoes and quickly stored them in the closet before turning back towards Anna and Luke. “So…” Luke said putting the chopping knife down, placing the vegetables into a large casserole dish and turning to look at Castiel.
“Exactly, can’t get a blowjob from an intern in the control room at any other job.” Balthazar said.
He stood there staring at the text message for several minutes, his finger hovering over the tiny trash can icon before he hit the reply button instead.
Castiel thought to himself because even with all the anger he was feeling he couldn’t stop himself from wanting to just crush his lips against Dean’s so he could just forget everything around him.
“Did something happen between you and Dean last night?” she whispered. Castiel’s heart flopped when he noticed that Dean’s seat was empty, he’d been so determined not to look at it that he hadn’t realised it was empty.
Well, he could easily do that. Cas tried to ignore that thought though. He wasn’t going to develop a crush on Dean Winchester. It was too much of a cliché he reassured himself.
.” Cas said. “
I am determined to finish this fic if there's anyone out still reading. This chapter is short but the drama will ramp up from here.
“You know, maybe you two should have actually talked about this before. This probably wouldn’t be happening.” Sam suggested. Next to him, Eileen was having to hold her side while she laughed.
while Jimmy seemed more interested in his bacon than anything else. Castiel thought he did a very good job of slipping into the room without anyone noticing.
" Cas babbled. It was like he could read Dean's mind, changing the pace and hitting
“Hey there Dean.” The boy said grinning. “Here was me thinking you were gonna be in tights.”
The morning was packed with running labs and working in the ER. Being on Benny Lafitte’s service was actually pretty cool. A varying nature of injuries or illnesses that came through the doors meant that Dean never knew what was going to happen next. Benny Lafitte, the head of trauma surgery, was a decent guy and seemed to actually like Dean which made being on his service less daunting.
Dean followed him out of the art block once the class was over; Castiel needed to head for his final class of the day, English but he wasn’t sure where Dean needed to go and he wasn’t going to give Dean Winchester the satisfaction of knowing Castiel wanted to know where he was headed. Instead he just let Dean walk next to him until Castiel head yelling on the other end of the corridor and it took a moment to place that it was someone yelling his name.
“Not even you?” She asked.
“Yeah… I mean… you kissed me.” Cas pointed out.
Castiel opened his eyes when he felt a thumb slowly run over to scar. Dean was looking down at Castiel's slender wrist not with disgust or pity like others but with a composed look, it was almost as if he was simply observing the change in colour of where the pale scar ran down Castiel's wrist clashing with the tanned skin.
? That’s a very foolish thing to say Castiel because I could easily take anything I wanted from you, no matter of the repercussions.” She said looking from Castiel feet upwards until she reached his face, it were almost like he were one of the prized cows the Castiel’s grandfather used to take to the county fair when he was young. “Castiel Novak, the infamous son of James Novak, trained to be a fearless hunter from the day he could stand without falling on his ass. Trained to hold a gun just as his motor skills were kicking, am I right? A boy who was raised knowing more about the supernatural and theology than popular culture. Well, well now look at you, practically on your knees begging a demon for help and promising her
“I’ve never thought that.” Jimmy said, still looking at Anna with disgust. Cas, however, shrugged in a similar fashion to Anna.
“Dad, it’s obviously me. Claire.” The kid said with a grin. Dean loved kids, especially his own, but sometimes they were freaking annoying.
There was a ripple of anger in the air as Cas scrubbed nearly every inch of Dean's body and applied more shampoo than was probably necessary but it was clear from the way that his eyes flashed that Cas was too angry to care about the correct amount of shampoo.
“Are you mad me at and Claire for doing this? Why do we have to switch back so soon? Don’t…don’t you want to spend time with me?” Jack asked and
, Cas was not wearing anything.
“Are nothing but people that know each other.” Castiel said too quickly. He could tell that he’d said it far too quickly just by the look on Anna’s face.
Back in the room, Cas knew he looked nervous. He didn’t know what to say or how to even act. Dean snorted loudly and pulled Cas close to him for another heated kiss. It was just as passion-filled as the first kiss. It was corny, but Cas swore that he really could feel it in his toes.
buried me…where’s…where was Gabe?” Castiel asked. Anna’s face paled at Castiel’s question and she glanced at Samandriel apprehensively.
“I’m having a lovely evening Dean.” Cas said once they’d finished eating, his hand reaching out once again to take Dean’s hand. Dean failed to fight the smile that spread across his face as he held onto Cas’ hand.
“You have Anna though.” Dean pressed.
"Yeah, how’d you know?"
Dean was so close.
"She slapped you?" Cas asked.
, didn’t mean to ruffle your feathers there,” Jo muttered. “We could be doing something useful right now though instead of standing around a damn conference room waiting for someone to say something.” She added. “By the way thank you so much for giving Adam advice when it came to me.” She muttered sarcastically. Dean raised an eyebrow in surprise as he wondered where Jo was going with this. “He asked me if I wanted to go on another date with him, this time Laser Tag.”
“Of course I will,” Cas said. “Have a good flight.”
“I once drank beer out of a shoe.”
.” Jo said leaping up from her seat and giving Dean a hearty whack on the shoulder. “Stop laughing you asshole,” Jo muttered as Dean continued to snort loudly.
“Dean…does it…what’s it like?” he asked. Dean stopped and his blood ran cold.
The intern shot back. Dean cursed until he remembered something, Cas’ room had a damn good shower in it.
“It’s just gone past six. I’m sorry to wake you but I’m being paged to the hospital with an emergency. They think it’s surgical and I wondered if you wanted to scrub in with me. We’ll have to get there as soon as possible to beat the ambulance.” Cas said. He leant away from the couch in order to pull a coat on, wrapping a scarf around his neck while Dean pulled himself up off the couch. “I made coffee for the drive over there. Extra strong with no sugar.” He added.
“Tessa you
“I didn’t think you were going to tell him so soon but that’s probably a good thing since my sister rang me last night from Italy and I might have mentioned you,” Cas said, he even ducked his head which Dean would never admit to finding so endearing.
of the Lord. When would I have had the need to go camping?” Cas asked as the two of them stared at the half put together tent at their feet.
A surge of energy that Dean knew was coming from his grace ignited inside of him as he heard heavy boots against hard wooden flooring. A voice called for someone called Samandriel to run, hide and not ask any questions. Dean turned to the sound of the noise as a man ran into the room, gun in hand, and stopped once he saw the woman on the floor. He looked up over to Dean was a furious expression and as Dean’s eyes met the startling blue of the man’s he was taken back to that moment in the Pit when he pulled Castiel from Zachariah’s clutches. Castiel Novak.
"No, by leaving. I thought it was the right thing but it really wasn't. I knew almost as soon as I did it that it was the wrong thing to do. When you signed the papers I was fucking wreaked. I knew I had fucked it all." Cas said. "By the time I got the nerve to talk to Anna she screamed at me that I had broken you. I was too scared to try and reach out to you. I tried to lose myself instead."
“Hello?” he called out into the dim, the only light coming from a small antique lamp in the corner. “Hello is there anyone in here?” he called out feeling incredibly stupid to be calling out into a seemingly empty room.
“Of course kid. This is Winchester Question Time after all.” Dean said.
? Does Dean have a box of tissues handy?” Sam then asked when he looked up at the TV screen. Dean quickly threw a couch cushion which hit Sam square in the face.
“I can’t leave unless you come with me.”
“So what happened last night after I went upstairs?”
“There is not going to be a damn rose ceremony. I am over this utter farce of a show.” Cas muttered. Sam looked between Cas and Dean before letting out a harsh-sounding laugh.
“Has the pressure finally got to you? You’re not going to throw yourself into the river are you?” Inias mumbled as he blinked against the light.
"You're really thinking about going aren't you?" Dean asked. Cas didn't say anything, he just chewed on his lower lip. "Shit...have you accepted the position?" Once again Cas didn’t say anything and continued to chew on his lower lip. “Cas have you accepted the position?”
“I can’t believe we’re not partners anymore.” Meg huffed to Cas. “I swear Naomi hates me.”
“Do I have to? It sounds like a lot of effort and my people skills are kind of rusty” Castiel asked.
had he learned to be that polite?
“She’s pretty blunt, nerdy and gay.” Castiel said honestly.
“You look good, don’t worry," Cas let slip out before he meant it to. Dean made another face to himself but still grinned at Cas.
"No, you're going to kick it in the ass. You're a fucking rock star with a scalpel ok?" Dean said trying to be supportive.
"Agreed." Dean and Sam intoned.
“What are you doing here Tessa?” Dean pressed.
"You need to get laid."
“And I’m going to,” Sam said once again rolling his eyes. “I just didn’t want to take them in front of Jo so let it go already.”
“Thank you, Dr Novak, that means an awful lot to all of us,” Sarah said.
“Ok, if Cas isn’t busy then we can do something.” Dean said. “I’m only agreeing to this because it’ll stop you two from complaining.”
"No, because you were shirtless. It’s quite impossible to look away." Cas admitted. Dean laughed softly. "Shut up Winchester," Cas said.
“Yes tutoring Ruby, I never see Meg there and luckily Ruby isn’t anything like her.” Anna said. “She was actually telling me about this boy in a few of her classes that she really likes. She didn’t tell me his name thought but I think she really likes him. It’s cute.” Anna said with a wistful smile.
“Cambridge, about three miles out of Boston,” John replied. “Something’s been attacking people for nearly a month now and the local cops haven’t been able to do shit all about it.”
Yesterday had broken down several barriers between the two men, for which Dean was grateful. Knowing that it was possible to have a friendship with his resident made Dean more confident in the following months of his internship. Their first impressions of each other had been less than decent and the month after that had been full of cutting remarks but maybe now things would begin to look up. Dean was hopeful for once which was a new thing entirely.
"Cas...we can't talk about right now. We're getting on a plane to New York in a few hours. We can talk about this after New York." Dean said. His head swimming with pure
are.” Dean said.
at him. All those years ago in the small coffee shop back in Boston Castiel had been intrigued, almost enamoured, by the mysterious man calling himself Officer James Stark who told Castiel that he believed him about Rachel's death, that there were things out there that were beyond what most people would find completely normal. The man Castiel had thought about calling so many times but he never plucked up the courage.
things that Michael and I disagree on." Castiel said before he realised what he had said. He chuckled slightly and shook his head. "I can't believe I just told you that, you of all people as well." He muttered. He really must have been more tired than he thought, he would have blamed alcohol or painkillers but he was completely sober for the first Friday in a long time.
“Yeah, there probably should be a thank you in there you know.” Dean said but Castiel’s confused expression did not let up, in fact he carried on glaring through his confusion.
?” Cas asked. Meg looked up from her own phone with a shocked look on her face.
She was stood almost ten feet away. Her hair was dark and skin pale. Her pretty pale face was an emotionless mask, her dark eyes never leaving Dean’s broken body. She slowly made her way over towards Dean as he struggled to regain his breath.
“That you’re spending a lot of time with your resident, the resident you told me was a giant asshole who you couldn’t stand. What’s going on? Do you like him or something?” Sam asked.
“No, not when you know Anna or Jo.” Dean pointed out lessening the gap between them even more so and planting a quick kiss on Castiel’s lips. “I’m really proud of you, you know that right?” Dean asked. “But that’s what you’re worried about isn’t it? Going away for college?”
"You don't have to do that," Cas said once they were in the dining room.
“I think we’re past sore subjects with one another Dean.”
She actually looked vaguely bored by Dean’s reaction.
From his bed, Dean groaned loudly. For good measure, he dramatically shoved a pillow over his head.
“Hester? I have to be pas partners with
They both sat in silence for a few moments, eating or sipping beer before Dean spoke up. “Do your parents know? About you?”
Dean rolled over and glared at the clock on his phone. 3:27am. He had been lying there with everything playing over in his head since midnight.
Annnnnd we're done. What started out as a cute little ficlet began a whole ass thing. I'm currently finishing up my Bachelor/UnReal and working on my entry for the Deancas Happily Ever After challenge and DCBB...As always you can find on Tumblr at achillestiel
Instead, Dean just nodded, a silent thanks for staying.
“What are you all doing up? We have rehearsals in a few hours,"
“I wish I had done the same. There are far too many incriminating videos of me and Charlie singing along to the Spice Girls.”
It was Thursday night and Dean had only been in the apartment for ten minutes before Jo had slunk out the kitchen like some cave dweller, though a cave dweller with coffee.
“Yes Dean, that’s what I’m saying.” Tessa said removing her hand away from Dean’s. “Where is he?”
“You can’t propose in my crappy kitchen over chili Cas.” Dean said going back to cooking. Seconds later he felt arms snake around his waist. Cas rested his chin on Dean’s shoulder and kissed Dean’s neck.
“He looks like a rabbit caught in headlights.” Charlie said.
“This isn’t going to be a problem is it Dean?” Tessa asked narrowing her eyes with suspicion.
“Frank!” Dean yelled to the driver. “Stop the limo!” The limo screeched to stop and everyone whined. “Everyone stay in the car.”
"Just go to sleep Dean. You'll need your strength for when Jo gets hold of you. Her greeting won't be half as friendly as mine." Cas said. It should have sounded like a joke but there was no humour in Cas’ voice at all.
Dean shook his head, forgetting his cover story for just a split second but the damage was done. Castiel’s eyes narrowed and his fists clenched. Dean had to react quickly before all his work was undone.
“It wasn’t in her history, it’s likely she’s the first in her family to develop the condition,” Dean said remembering from college how cardiomyopathy was generally an inherited condition. Most people could live with it for years and not realise it and with some, it could be completely cured with medicine but sadly that didn’t look possible in Krissy’s case.
“Yes, please just get out my room Dean.” Castiel said turning away from Dean and closing his eyes because he was sure he was making the biggest mistake of his life right now. He did not open his eyes again until he heard his bedroom door slam shut leaving Castiel completely alone.
There wasn’t though.
He wanted to press pause on everything and leave. He needed to be in a place where he could forget everything that had happened and just be Dean again. The idea hit him as he neared the edge of Chicago. He had the address to Sam’s place in California and Dean hadn’t been given a chance to really
“It was an action packed journey.”
“Oh for God’s sake Castiel, stop being ridiculous. Your father and I love you, we’ll always love you and never be upset by your choices.” Amy said, fixing Cas with a stern look. “I don’t want you to feel like you can’t tell us about things going on at the school. Especially when it comes to something as important as you and Dean.”
When he said that he had paperwork that needed to be done, there might have been a possibility that Dean fabricating. It was less paperwork and more ‘just sign your name so these charts can be filed’. He could have done it during his next shift but if Dean was being honest he wanted a reason to go into the hospital. Castiel was, like always, in his small office on the cardio wing with his head buried deep in a book. It took several loud coughs from Dean before Castiel even looked up. He gave Dean a small smile and lay his book aside.
Music blared from the Impala’s speakers as Dean drove over to Jo and Charlie’s building. Unlike Cas’ music Dean picked his favourite songs of Metallica.
“Not freezing your balls off anymore?” Castiel asked between loud yawns. It was getting late and they had been driving all day after all so Dean couldn’t begrudge him that at all.
“Because I don’t want it anymore. I never really wanted it and never really cared for it. You wanted this though. You always understood the things Dad was talking about while I was more concerned with y art or when I could leave New York or this damn house. You’re the right person for the job, not me.”
Maybe Bela was right all along, though Dean would never tell her so. Maybe Dean was moving on with his life.
"Winchester when you’re finished getting your caffeine fix the chief wants to see you," Benny said looking grim.
“Fuck…Novak must be in a real shitty mood if you’d rather deal with exploding diarrhoea than him.” Dean muttered.
"It was nothing-"
“What are you doing up here? Hester and her merry band of bitches are downstairs," Bela said to Michael and Adam as they walked over to their group.
’ and you can’t just fuck around with them!”
“No.” Was Dean very firm reply as he sat stirring another sugar into his coffee because he desperately needed the sugar and caffeine. It was early Friday evening, around six o’clock and he’d been put in on ER rotation. Jo had done the night before and she had the night after Dean so she was back at the apartment having a resting day.
“I have your price Castiel Novak.” The demon said as her smirk altered until it was a wide, shark like, smile. “We will let your brother live. He can continue with his pitiful little life and frolic through fields of wild flowers or whatever is that you do when you’re not getting in our way. For your brother’s life we shall take you. That is our deal Castiel, do you agree to it?”
“Can’t handle two nights running?” Dean joked. Once again Cas rolled his eyes and this seemed to be becoming a regular thing between them now.
“I…I won’t…I won’t drop you?” Inias said.
“I’m quite alright. Thank you for this Dean.”
“Shut up bitch and help me with this food. Jo still here?” Dean asked.
“Fantastic.” Dean said sarcastically. Ryan's brows creased together at Dean’s tone and he couldn’t help but let out a snort. “Did you think I’d be happy to see you?” He asked.
"Don't give me a reason to then." Bela shot back. Dean muttered something in Russian, only loud enough for Cas to hear. "
“Dude, what have I joined?” Dean asked, looking utterly baffled.
“I’m liking his greeting more than yours Jess,” Dean said smirking over at Jessica who just rolled her eyes. “She nearly took me out with a baseball bat.” He said to Sam who was still standing there looking downright confused.
? I have to
tight. Have you seen your thighs? I remember Josie saying they were thighs of sin. She was right.” Dean said. He laughed loudly when Cas’ cheeks flamed red.
“Of course not! What’s interesting is that you’re being friendly towards him; well you’re version of friendly that is. You’re never friendly towards anyone apart from maybe me and occasionally Jo and that’s mainly because she’s my friend and gives us cheap coffee.”
"Movie night. It's
"Tyler was freaking out because he'd just sent her home and we were filming the finale the next day. He's saying that he's made a terrible choice and he's gutted." Dean said. "So I get him to write a letter to Erica and I promise him I'll give it to her. In the letter, he's telling her that he loves her and he'll never stop loving her."
“I’m going to take that as a compliment.” Cas said and Dean just laughed, pulling him close for another chaste kiss. “I was serious by the way, I want you to stay come the morning.”
“Yeah and the till will be down like fifty bucks compared to every other night. Face it, Jo and I keep this place running.” Dean said giving the bartender a cocky grin. “So can I get two Coronas?” he added. The bartender rolled his eyes but handed over two bottles of beer. Dean handed over a couple of notes, grabbed the beers and walked back to the booth were Castiel was was sat.
“Harvelle!” Jimmy yelled as Jo jumped up to give him a hug. Fucking hell, the whole gang was back together. All they needed now was Sam to get here and the house would descend into mayhem. “You know what we need?” Jimmy added with a wicked grin. Fucking hell.
quietly in the background.
“I’ll atone for my sins later in bed.”
“Are you sure?”
"When I got the internship here my boyfriend at the time got an offer from a hospital in England, it's the best teaching hospital in London so he accepted the place. I broke up with him before he left because I knew I couldn't do a long-distance relationship like that." Dean explained. "I can't let what happened with Michael happen with Cas. I just drove here ‘cause I couldn’t even begin to think about what to say."
“Yeah, we don’t need to hear details of what you two get up to in the studios after hours.” Sam teased. Once again, Dean went bright red. From the look on his face, he was trying to think of all the ways he could kill his brother with an egg covered fork.
To Cas' credit he acted like the perfect suitor for the remainder of filming. He laughed at Ruby's jokes, snaking an arm around her waist as they toured the library and even pulling her in for a kiss near the end of the date. Dean had to fight the jolt of jealousy that coursed through him as he watched Cas take Ruby's hand, smile in a heartbreaking way and kiss her. Dean pushed those feelings down as Cas' words played in his head like a mantra.
“Fuck, it’s getting late guys.” Charlie said between yawns. Jess was falling asleep on Sam’s shoulder and Amelia had already bid them good night while Anna sat and laughed with Ruby. It was a strange sight to see the two women get along seeing as they were so different.
“You shouldn’t knock them, it helped Amelia after her grandmother’s death.” Jimmy remarked but Castiel simply shrugged. The thought of telling some stranger all his problems was not something Castiel was willing to do. He would rather sit through endless board meetings than that.
With a stomach full of lead Castiel turned away from the road and looked up at Anna’s house yet again. He was so close to seeing his family and that pushed him into walking up the pathway to knock on the front door. The water hit him square in the face as soon as the door opened. Anna had only just started reciting the demon banishing chant when Castiel held up his hands stopping her.
“I’m not the only one who acts like a dick.” Castiel pointed out.
“I’m not cranky in the mornings,” Cas said and Dean couldn’t even reply to that because he was snorting too hard. Cas was a lot of things but he certainly wasn’t a joy to be around at five in the morning when he hadn’t even had a single cup of coffee or a shower. “You’re an asshole Dean Winchester, a real asshole,” Cas muttered before he buried his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. Dean continued to chuckle to himself for several moments, absentmindedly running his hand up and down the curve of Cas’ spine until he heard the soft sounds of Cas’ deep breath telling Dean that he’d fallen asleep.
“What? No…no it was-”
"Sorting shit out so Dad and Michael don't kill you. I was at home when the school left a message; I deleted it before Dad or Michael could hear and came right here."
“No…it’s me.” Castiel called back sighing as he practically dragged himself towards the dining room.
?" Castiel asked with a voice dripping in sarcasm.
“And you look like your usual repressed self. Tell me, how are the citizens of Narnia treating you?” Castiel shot back.
“He’s been talking to that scrub nurse for the past half an hour,” Jo added nodding towards the doorway to the kitchen. Dean followed her direction and stopped when he saw what Jo had been talking about.
“Yeah well you should be.” Anna said as they neared the school.
“You’re getting snacks to watch the surgery?” Sarah asked.
“Hey…Jo didn’t happen to talk to you about our date last night did she?” Adam asked nervously as he approached Dean. Dean looked up and raised his eyebrows. The poor guy. “I’m guessing she did.”
“Urgent page to the ER, let’s get moving everyone!” Castiel yelled.
…” Charlie said as Castiel turned to glare at her. Most people would have shrunk away from Castiel’s glare but not Charlie. She lifted her chin defiantly to look Castiel straight in the eyes and he had to admire her for that. “You might be pissed off but Anna, Jo and I do have some points. You’re ignoring most of us and it’s just not fair. We’re your friends Castiel, not just random people you can treat like crap. There’s something going on but I just don’t know what.”
"If you thought we would be forever then why did you leave?" Dean asked. That was the one question he wanted to be answered.
"So you're just going to leave? You're going to pick up everything and go?"
“It’s nice to finally meet you. I’m Jess.” She said while Sam went red. “You’re friends with Brady right?” She asked.
“Stop thinking.” Cas whispered into Dean’s jaw. Dean pulled away and his heart hammered when he saw Cas’ deep eyes staring into his own. “Dean?”
“I’m sure, you were kind of a genius today so you deserve it.” Jo said. “Charlie, you up for a drink? If you’re awake that is.”
“Yes. You will have to keep up your end of the agreement, ten years of delivering souls when it is their time, but yes, you will be able to be with your brother and father.” Tessa said. Dean wanted to believe her more for Sammy's sake than his own. “To make you trust me I'll give you one more thing.”
“As long as you’re ok.”
“Dean-”
“Oh, don’t put any sugar in your father’s coffee,” Mary said before Dean even pulled out the bag of sugar.
“I thought you were dying of a hangover,” Cas said to Gabriel. Gabriel gave him a wink and went back to his coffee. He
"You ok...I said 'You ok?'" Dean said clearly knowing that Castiel had heard him the first time. The relief in Dean's voice when he realised that Castiel was still in his room sent yet more pangs through Castiel's body. Both he and Dean were so far gone it wasn't remotely amusing; nothing was stopping Castiel from closing the space between them and kissing Dean firmly on the lips, running his hands along Dean's arms until he was cradling Dean's face and making sure with each kiss that he was telling Dean how much he needed him. He couldn't though, he needed to run instead. He needed to run as fast as he could away from Dean before Castiel could possibly hurt him.
“Promise not to bitch?” Jo asked. That meant that Dean was definitely not going to like whatever Jo was planning to say.
To be honest, Dean had been ignoring her over the past few days. He’d been spending nearly all his time either in ORs scrubbing in on Cas’ surgeries or in the research library at the hospital. It was easier than having Jo or Charlie make jokes about him and Cas. All of this reminded him too much of those few months after his friends found out about his bisexuality when he was at Yale. They had either made jokes or treated him like he was a different person. One of the only people who hadn’t treated him any differently had been Michael. Whatever was going on between him and Cas made him the support Michael had given him when he was figuring out who he was.
“I’ve worked so hard, I’ve trained so much to become a dancer. I don’t want people to just see me as another ‘queer’ dancer.” Cas admitted.
"No, it's just frigging gross. I don't need to see the insides of a frog to pass Bio." Dean said, wrinkling his nose again. "Oh, we're supposed to read the first five chapters
"How much of that conversation did you hear?" Dean asked, really and truly hating his father in that moment.
Searing and indescribable pain tore through burnt, blistered and cracked skin. The burns were not from heat but from the freezing cold. People always assumed that Hell was a fiery pit of flames, sulphur and brimstone yet it was quite the opposite. Instead of the flame and the heat that so many believe it to be it was a barren wasteland of chilling and suffocating fog. The endless empty feeling of eternity clung to every single particle and seeped into the bones until it was impossible to feel nothing but crippling pain and disparity.
“But-”
“Nah man, she’s sleeping ‘casue she was in the ER all night last night.” Dean said. “The girl needs all the beauty sleep she can get.”
"Well we wouldn't want that now would we?" Cas said with a grin. "Think of all the fun we'd miss."
"Ignore it."
"Ha! He's his usual chipper self. Hasn't asked me a single question about school without smirking and reminded me, again, that's there's a job going for me here once I graduate." Dean said, the bitterness in his voice almost deafening. "Ol' bastard's passed out on the couch now so it's all good."
“How do you know?” Adam pressed.
"You sure? You looked...troubled."
"Because I kissed you?"
“Hi… about this morning… I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come out after you and expected you to talk to me like everything was normal.” Cas said before Dean could say anything. Well, at least he was apologising.
“She normally does.” Dean said with a roll of his eyes. “Ok kid, get the car. I got a call to make.” he added with a sigh. This was going to be…interesting to say the least.
At least, that’s what Cas hoped.
Every single memory crashed over Cas as he deepened the kiss. Breathless but not caring because he had missed this so much. No screaming at each other over broken mugs. Just love.
By the time he made it back to the apartment, Chinese food in hand, he was tired and in desperate need of trashy TV to take his mind of a long day at the hospital. He’d barely made it into the kitchen before Sam came bounding into the room with the huge grin on his face. Dean threw the Chinese food down onto the counter and swiftly returned his brother’s smile.
that this is happening to her.” Dean could see why Charlie liked it in paediatrics now, she was like him when it came to kids spending their lives in hospitals. “You said that Novak has figured out what’s wrong with her right?”
For a fraction of a second Cas could see the awe in Dean’s eyes before he slipped on a cool, but respectable, mask.
"Films. Cowboy films. We could...shit... Wednesday night, if you're free. You could come over. We could watch a film."
“That’s Cas’ room," Jo explained “It’s the
sorry for the end of this chapter this time round. Please don't hate me.
“It was hard.” Dean finally said. “It’s brought up a lot of emotions I guess.”
Anna’s words were still ringing in Castiel’s that evening when he was sat in the Winchester’s dining room eating dinner. Charlie had kept up most of the conversation with talk of Boston as she was going to look at the Harvard campus with Mary within the next few weeks. After the dinner, which featured questionable looking mashed potatoes courtesy of Charlie, Sam, Dean and Charlie set themselves up in the den with several Batman DVDs while Castiel snuck into the kitchen. Mary was washing up when he walked in and, when Mary looked over to the door, she gave him a warm smile.
"You're such an idiot. You're still in love with him." Sam said it in such a matter of fact way that a Dean didn't even bother to try and change his mind.
Dr Mosely had been at the hospital for years according to Cas and Charlie, she was practically an institution within the walls of the hospital. She was tough but still caring with a sixth sense when it came to children’s illnesses. Basically, she was the best paediatric surgeon in Chicago and she was impressed with Dean. If he wasn’t so freaked out by the thought of a sixteen-year-old girl’s heart failing he would have been pretty proud of himself.
“Dean, what’s going on?” Sam asked looking over at his brother with a confused expression. “Is everything alright? I just turned on my phone and it’s pretty much exploded with texts from Jo. She’s having a fit over where you are. She said you never showed up for rounds this morning and your phone keeps going to voicemail. I was going to call you but…well you’re here now...wait, did you drive here from
Is everything alright?" Dean asked warily.
"Calm down, I come in peace." Josie said, waltzing over to Dean and handing him an envelope.
He had been thinking about Boston and his time spent there quite a lot recently, especially after his father’s death six weeks prior. Many thought that was why Castiel wasn't sleeping as it had started the day Charles Novak had passed but something told Castiel it was something more. Maybe it was because it reminded him about how he found it hard sleeping after Rachel was killed.
“Someone please help me restrain my parents from the bar.” Amelia said as she appeared at Jimmy’s side. “And me from the cupcake tower.” She added before taking Jimmy’s hand and leaning against his shoulder. Both of them looked so happy and at ease with one another, it made Castiel happy to know his brother had found someone he loved.
“He’s joking right?” Dean whispered into Cas’ ear. Cas shook his head.
"And I’ve put Harvelle on OBGYN."
"That might be the worst shirt I've ever seen and I knew Charlie in the height of her
"Dean bedroom." Cas gasped out while Dean kissed a firm line up the other man's jaw. "I'm not having sex with you on the couch like some horny teenager." He added making it clear there was no other way this night could continue and that they'd been building up to this for a long time.
“I have to follow orders or I’ll end up being killed or worse. I don’t want to do this though.” Zophiel said. As soon as the words slipped out her mouth Zophiel looked stricken. “I did not mean that. I mean that my orders are my orders and I have to follow them.” Zophiel stammered out with wide eyes. Zophiel was a warrior, a fierce warrior, and here she was shaking and stammering.
"Yeah well give it time." Dean said still smiling despite his words implying that he wasn’t a good person. "Do you want some breakfast? We've got bacon, bacon, sausage and bacon...wait you're not a vegetarian are you 'cause I think we've got some tofu sausages somewhere that both Charlie and Sam love but I don’t even pretend to think of those things as food."
"It's ok Dean, I prefer this version of me too." Castiel said after several moments. The smile Dean gave him was small but it did the job of restoring the kitchen to the playful mood before. Castiel handed Dean the bowl of cereal and as he gave Dean a warmer smile to show that Dean hadn't upset him he switched the large coffee machine on the corner counter into life. Dean smirked when he noticed the several bottle of wholesale sized coffee syrup bottles next to the machine which Jo had managed to score for Castiel’s Christmas present to Gabriel. The look one Gabriel’s face when he’d opened them had been priceless and the label maker Michael had gotten him was forgotten instantly. Why Gabriel had asked for a label maker in the first place had worried Castiel to no end but it mainly turned out to be so Gabriel could label every single item of food in the cupboards he thought was his. Why he had to label individual grapes though was something Castiel would never understand.
“What did you set on fire that time?” Jack asked Claire.
“Great, you can fill her cupboards up with booze and eat all her cereal,” Dean said.
"Please don't say it gets better; please do not say it because that is the biggest crock of shit ever. It doesn't get better Dean; you just become too full of chemicals from countless medication to care anymore so you think it is better when really it isn't. Your life is just the same, just as shitty, as before and that will never change." Castiel said trying to make Dean understand because no one ever understood, not really, unless they had gone through what Castiel had. They wouldn't get it unless they had suffered through side effects and the endless really of hopelessness, of drowning in a vast sadness that was constantly threatening to consume a person in all entirety. "Can you just leave me? Please just leave...just leave me alone Dean
“Sorry...not what I was expecting. Thanks for that...anything I might have seen?”
thing I told you not to talk about." Anna snapped as she came into the kitchen along with Amelia. "You're back early, I thought you were trying on suits with Jimmy." She said when she saw Dean.
“You must be pretty tired though. Humans need their eight hours and shit like that right?” Dean asked.
“Do you want to go back to bed?” Dean asked as the two of them sat there on the roof, just watching the city go by despite the lateness of the hour.
“Jimmy, pass your brother the coffee pot and if anyone else interrupts my reading the news I will be most put out.” Naomi said, still not tearing her eyes away from her paper. Jimmy gave his mother an exasperated look but passed over the half-full coffee pot.
“Jesus fuck this water is fucking cold!” Dean cried out. Castiel laughed out though from his shaking breath Dean could tell he was feeling the cold as well. “This was your insane plan man, you shouldn’t be laughing.” Dean retorted as he pushed through the water, slowly ending up with the water up to his shoulders. Castiel swam towards him, his smile still wide on his face, and stopped just a foot away from him. As Castiel treaded water and looked around the lake Dean moved so he was able to see the ink that adorned Castiel’s shoulders. Complex and realistic feathered wings spread across Castiel’s shoulder blades and his back. It must have taken hours upon hours and several sessions to complete but Dean had to marvel at the incredible piece of art that ornamented Castiel’s skin. He swam closer and while Castiel was busy staring at the moon rippling across the water Dean reached out and ran his fingers across Castiel’s left shoulder. Castiel jolted and quickly turned, his eyes full of questions. “Your tattoo is beautiful.” Dean let out before really thinking about what he was saying.
“Got the wine!” Gabriel said, strolling back into the kitchen holding two bottles of red wine. “Where’s Thing One and Thing Two.”
“Answer your phone man. I have a lecture on coronary aortic aneurysms first thing tomorrow and if I fall asleep I'm going to get a book thrown at me.” A grumpy voice said from across the room. The voice belonged to his roommate Kevin who was the biggest grouch unless he had coffee in his hand or was asleep.
Dean grunted, Jo’s punches were after all painful as hell, and nearly doubled over.
"I've got some great ideas, been avoiding her for years "
"I said I wouldn't come without caffeine." Dean said with a shrug of his shoulders. He knew he would have to see Cas multiple times this week so he was going to act civil. Even if it killed him.
"Since
“Yeah, he’s had his orders from Mom. Apparently, she’s got ‘Big News’”
much about romance,” Michael said from his seat two rows down. Cas swivelled around in his seat to flip Michael off.
“Butthead.” Castiel heard Sam mutter. Smirking Castiel walked round the sleek looking car until he got to the passenger’s side and was surprised when he saw that the door was already open. Dean was leaning back over towards his side of car and as Castiel slid into the seat he gave Dean and questioning look. Dean just replied with a slight smile and an unhelpful shrug of his shoulders. It was the first time in a very long time that someone had opened a car door for him and it was surprising that the person to do that would be Dean Winchester. True Castiel did not know much about him yet but Castiel would have thought that old fashioned manners weren’t Dean’s forte, clearly he was wrong.
"You ok? I'm not hurting you?" Cas asked. Dean shook his head. It had been two years since he'd last done this, it never felt right even thinking about sleeping with anyone else even after the divorce, but his body remembered everything. It remembered everything about Cas and was all too willing to comply. "Tell me if I hurt you."
“From Jo.” He said when Cas asked who it was. “Her mom is driving her insane and she can’t wait to get back. She said she and Charlie are going to be back on New Year’s Eve so we better have something planned.”
from Cas.
“I will get out while you drive if you do not stop the car.” Castiel threatened but Dean just laughed.
. I kissed you back because it was you. Are you happy now?"
“I said I can get you coffee, maybe a muffin but I’m not answering any questions about Rachel no matter who you say you are.” The girl said snippily.
"You...it was you who pulled me from Hell?” Castiel asked. “You were the one who raised me?”
“Oh yeah? I don’t see you do that anytime soon Dean.” Castiel said icily.
"What?"
“You wish you were badass like the rest of the Winchester men.”
"There are
"It was two years ago, hardly a long time." Dean said.
“No, I’m going to just ‘leave it’ because you’re clearly upset about something,” Cas said trailing after Dean.
“I’ve heard of him but I’ve never read any of his books.” Cas said.
"I'd like to see you try Winchester, is really like to see you try," Cas said with a wicked smirk.
“There he is!” Claire called out, waving her free hand frantically.
“Just what is going on in general? I feel like I never know what is going on.” Cas admitted.
“Gabriel?” He asked turning to look at his younger brother. The past few months had taken its toll on Gabriel. Dark bags hung under his eyes and it looked as though he’d lost weight. Castiel’s death was the cause of this and Castiel hated himself for it because he’d caused his brother to look like that, he’d caused the sleepless nights and weight loss and now he would have to do everything in his power to make it up to Gabriel.
“Seriously, you need a ride to New York and I could do with some company over the next couple of days.” Dean said by way of explanation. “So you want a ride or not?” Dean then asked and once again the guy’s face broke out into a smile as he hurried towards the Impala and slid into the passenger’s side.
“I’d say you don’t have to help but I know you won’t hear of it,” Amy said.
way, we’re
Dean could hardly think, he could hardly breathe. There was a nagging voice in the back of his head told him to slow this shit down because a day before Dean could have easily punched Cas in the face. Now they were basically naked and dry humping like fifteen year olds. Actually, that nagging voice sounded a lot like his brother which was not something he really wanted to think about when naked with Cas.
"I was expecting more than that."
"We?” Dean asked while Jack sauntered past him towards the huge sub zero refrigerator.
“I could ask you the same thing.” Dean shot back. "I work here, I'm doing my surgical internship here." Dean explained. A smile spread across Bela's face.
“Why would you worry about that?” Cas asked.
“We barely knew each other back then in Boston.” Dean said. “We don’t really know each other now.”
Cas reached across the bed and fumbled for his phone, looking down at the screen to see three missed calls from Bela.
the hell
“Long distance mainly. I’m on the cross country team as well as the track team plus I run marathons.” Castiel said; once again Dean looked surprised and Castiel actually found it infuriating because why would Dean possibly look surprised? He didn’t know him from anyone else in this damn school, for all Dean knew Castiel could be a freaking bee keeper so why was Dean looking at him like that? “Well not that this hasn’t been fascinating talking to you but I have to get going.” Castiel said placing his water bottle back into his bag and beginning to walk away. Part of him wasn’t surprised when he heard Dean hurrying up behind him. Maybe there had been something, a blossoming friendship between the two of them thanks to their time spent in detention but really what use was that? Castiel had learnt over the years that if you kept yourself away from people then you had less people to hurt and disappoint in the long run.
“Dude, you didn’t make me feel uncomfortable.” Dean said. Just turned on.
“I don’t know.” Dean said and Castiel could hear in his voice that he wasn’t lying.
“Because we're friends and I care about you,” Dean said. He'd definitely drunk too many beers as he'd clearly lost the filter between his brain and his mouth either that or he no longer cared about what he said.
“Ok, I didn’t
“Angels don't really need to sleep. It's ok to do sometimes if you're bored but apart from that we don't really get tired unless we’ve been hurt.”
Castiel was jogging early on a Tuesday morning three weeks after Dean had asked him not to leave when his phone buzzed. Castiel had been lying awake for hours unable to switch his brain off and drift to sleep. In the end he had become so frustrated that he’d grabbed his running stuff, left a note on his door if anyone came to check on him and gone off jogging down the road. He’d started jogging and running even more, nearly daily, over the past few weeks which not only helped clear his head but also improve his running times. It was as the sun was slowly rising, making the early morning mist that had drifted over from the town’s main lake more prominent, when Castiel stopped jogging. The weak sunlight was trying to filter through the tallest trees and the slight bite in air told Castiel it would be a cool day despite it being spring. He would have to remember to take a thick hoodie to school with him. He slowed down his pace to a quick walk to look down at the screen of his phone while he zipped up his hooded jacket to protect him from the early morning chill.
“It really does take work to be this happy. It’s not just about eating well and working out. Putting pine nuts on your salad doesn’t make you a grown up.”
"He's...is it stupid that I think you'd like him?" Dean asked. Surprisingly, Michael chuckled.
“Winchester!” Charlie Bradbury, a fellow producer and one of Dean's cloest friends, called out when she saw him. “I'm so happy you decided to come back.”
“I honestly don’t know Jo. Anything could happen, ok?” He said. Jo sighed but didn’t press the matter.
“It's all my fault...all my fault.” Gabriel said. All of his bravado was gone and Samandriel could barely recognise the voice of his comedic elder brother.
"You can't tell mom or Arthur. Swear on your marriage."
"You're just pissed I slept through that lecture and still got a higher score than you on the test." Dean pointed out with a chuckle.
…just…to sleep.”
“Yeah…since when are you bitching about me to my brother?”
Oh shit.
“Seriously Jess? After what I told you? Did you do this just so you could go to the fucking prom? I always defended you when people called you a vapid bitch and this is how you pay me back?”
"Castiel Novak...not the same Castiel Novak who published that article earlier this year on the advancement of detecting heart deformities and disease in patients using their blood cells?" John asked taking the mug from Dean's hands with a nod of thanks.
“He’s wearing your hoodie.”
In the corner of the room was the very turntable he had brought Cas for the first Christmas they had been together. Without saying a word, Dean walked over and glanced at the records neatly stored in their storage box. Bob Dylan, Fleetwood Mac and even the rare Otis Reading record that Dean had found at a vinyl fair. Cas had kept all of them. For a fleeting moment, Dean wondered if the note he’d hidden in the Bob Dylan record was still there. A hastily scribbled note saying I wasn’t born to lose you. Oh, the irony.
"And me." Jess said grinning playfully as Sam shot a surprised look. "What? It was nice."
"No far from it," Cas said rolling his eyes. "I'm about the remove Krissy's old heart. If I hand it over to you would you please place it in the correct tray?"
“The answer is still no so quit it with the puppy eyes. Your handwriting is worse than Jo’s chicken scrawl so there is no way I’m letting you anywhere near my stuff.” Dean said with a snort.
“Gabriel are you there?” He said when he realised that Gabriel had yet to speak. “Gabriel?” He pressed. This was not good. Something had to have happened. “Gabriel say something.”
“Dude you know that I don't think you're an evil jackass...well not anymore anyway.”
"Who drops their panties in a library?" Charlie asked.
thing he'd ever done in his life but Dean was past caring. He knew it was the right idea when Cas' whole face lit up like July 4th. “Meet me by my trailer in five minutes, I just need to grab some stuff and no doubt so do you.” Dean said. With a dazzling smile, Cas pulled Dean in for a fervent kiss. The kind of kiss that filled Dean with warmth.
and was blown away by Gabriel’s raw talent. He had been the choreographer at Lawrence for several years but Cas had known him nearly his whole life thanks to his parents.
set f
“You can love him, he can love you even but you can’t be together.” Tessa said slowly and incredibly patronisingly. “We have to sacrifice things for this and that is one of the things we have to sacrifice. We are not meant to love.”
“You say that like we didn’t know it already,” Charlie said grinning over at Jo. “Come on, we can keep the torment up while doing rounds.”
“Colorado?” Dean asked. Tessa nodded. “And I have to go now? I only just got back from that last damn place I went to.” Tessa rolled her eyes and Dean bristled. “I have a life.”
“You’re a lightweight.” Sam muttered but he still helped Dean up out the bar booth. True he wore a smirk while doing it but at least he was being helpful. “I’m going to tell mom you were drunk before your first day of work.” He added with an honest to God childish snicker. What a little shit.
“Well it’s a corny wedding, I needed a corny line.” Dean said with a grin.
“Yeah, yeah it did. He turned out to be the dad of a friend of mine…well we knew each other at Yale.” Dean said with a shrug.
"Yeah that's us. The groom will be here in a minute." Dean said taking charge. They were shown into a small fitting room where the suits for Dean and Jimmy were waiting for them. Cas explained that he was a last-minute guest and would need a suit. While the woman went off to retrieve several suit options Cas turned to Dean.
“But you’re here.” Dean said firmly looking at Castiel with those damn eyes of his that swam with understanding .
“Am I hurting you?” Cas asked.
"I’ll drive you back home." Dean said in a firm voice that made it seem like Castiel had no choice in the matter. He probably didn't actually. "Mom is driving Sammy and Charlie back to our house and I'm taking you home" Dean added.
“Yes, but most of them are dumb as a post.” Adam said. “Sam and I were filming them earlier on and their conversations are hilarious. They have no idea about anything.”
“Fascinating." Dean muttered. "Nice of you to send postcards."
He heard Cas let out a quiet chuckle and looked back towards him. Once again, there was that urge to close the space between them and Dean all but dug his nails into his palm to stop himself.
Cas noticed that when he was nervous Dean would shuffle his feet and even stammer ever so. Cas cursed himself for finding it endearing. He also tried to not think about why Dean had been asking Jo about him.
“Shut up Sam, Cas get in the car.”
“What is it with you Novak siblings and waking me up in the middle of the night?” Dean asked. “No, I’m not bringing a date with me, I’ll be too busy making sure that Jimmy actually marries Amelia.” Dean said.
“Oh, I am sorry Ruby. I’d hate to hold up your deep fried bay or whatever it is that hell spawn eats.” Dean snapped back, finally not able to hold his inner monologue in anymore.
“Funny, I would have guessed LA. They were the ones who started juicing everything and convinced people to do Soul Cycle.” Castiel said.
"What are you talking about?" Dean asked trying to rack his brains for something he could have said to make Cas think he didn't want him. There wasn't anything, Dean had always told Cas that he was his whole world. Dean would have walked through the fires of Hell for Cas, Cas
"Um...weird dream last night." Dean settled on that, not really wanting to elaborate.
“Are you ok? Charlie said you got pulled away to talk to Josie.”
“No one! Well…no one apart from Sarah and Charlie.” Jo said grimacing when Dean swore.
Dean was just on the cusp of falling asleep himself when the phone he’d placed on his bedside table before getting into bed buzzed loudly. He rolled his eyes and reached over, making sure not to disturb Cas as he did so, and picked up the phone. A message from Jo flashed up onto the screen and Dean fought the urge to roll his eyes. If she
"You would have protected her by telling us," Amy said, not even sounding mad anymore. She just sounded tired.  “Sweetheart, you messed up and Meg messed up but we’re going to try and make this better.”
“Don’t tease him Hael.” Hester said with a frown before the frown transformed into a smile as two students came through the front doors. Hester quickly motioned for Hael to get down off the counter as she said “Good morning, what can I get for you?”
“Yeah but don’t let it inflate your ego or anything, jerk,” Jo said with a grin.
“Since when has that been the rule?” Charlie shot back pouting.
“If any harm comes to that car then you are going to buy me a new one.” Anna snapped pointing a finger at Dean's chest menacingly.
“I made chili.” Dean said motioning to the pot on the stove. “And we can have a lot of dirty sex after.” He offered.
Dean smiled to himself, then winced again.
“Oh Dean, you have no idea.” Cas said. He even
“Time’s run out Dean, today is your last day. Castiel is gone tomorrow.” Tessa said still sounding far too nonchalant. Dean ground his teeth together as Tessa’s eyebrows raised. “Run out of good ideas then? I told you, his soul is too tired and broken.”
“Come on then, there’s somewhere I want to show you.” Castiel said as he led Dean over to a sleek black car. Dean let out a low whistle.
“What? What could you possibly say? What was it? You got a bonus if you slept with me?” Castiel yelled, not caring who heard him.
“You can call me Cas.” Castiel said by way of extending an olive branch. They couldn’t save Castiel’s soul with a frostiness between them.
“Yes, that one.” Hester’s father said with a chuckle.
“Then…then go…
“Sarah’s laughing as well.” Dean shot back defensively.
suitor, Castiel Collins!” They heard Gabriel said from outside.
"I guess... let's... let's go get Sam." Cas said lacing his fingers through Dean's. "Is this ok?" He asked looking down at their entwined fingers. Dean could feel his heart hammering against his chest as he felt Cas’ hand tighten his grip. Clearly, he didn’t want to let go.
you? I called Sam so many times but he wouldn’t tell me anything. What the hell happened?” Jo asked. Dean was about to open his mouth to explain when Jo cut him off. “Cas was a
“Oh Dad is upstairs unpacking and Michael and Luke actually did die when the smelt the alcohol vapours seeping from your pours.” Gabriel said smirking. “What exactly did you do last night? Are you even supposed to be drinking?” Gabriel asked looking Castiel up and down.
"Gross." Dean shot back. "Please leave now so I can bleach my brain." he added pleadingly.
“That’s cool. It’s a good Novak listened to you guys.” Dean said slinging his jacket on over his shirt. “The patient doing ok?”
“I can’t keep dealing with the same issue here Dean! People are going to talk, people like to talk about everything and everyone! It is
“Wow…” Dean stammered out, actually stammered, as he stared back at Cas. “I mean...you...um…”
Sure, when he’d met Ryan he had acted like a dickhead for several weeks. That was until he’d just sucked it up and asked Ryan out on a date. Well, after Charlie had done some investigating and found that Ryan was bisexual. However, he couldn’t do that with Cas. Cas was the suitor. He was on the show to find a wife, not a boyfriend who just happened to be his producer.
“Holy shit, your bed is being graced with your presence tonight?” Jo said clutching her hand to her chest sarcastically. “Did you get sick of the hospital beds or something?” she questioned.
“Not when we’ve been divorced for like two years.” Cas said being serious for once.
“And now you’re moving to New York?”
“Dean you asshole! That was my leg!” Sam whined.
"Ah yes," Cas retorted in a voice dripping with sarcasm. "I can see how it's my fault. If the two of you survive this year it will be a miracle," he added, muttering his words and from the look on Dean’s face, he had still heard Cas.
"Next Saturday, could you make a cake? The cake you made for Sam’s birthday a few years ago was really good."
“Mornin’” he said once he spotted Jo and Adam in the intern’s locker room. Jo gave him a beaming smile with just the hint of a smirk. Sarah was sat down next to her and guzzling down the coffee Charlie had just handed to her.
“Answer my question, Jessica. Are you going to the prom with Michael?”
“It was good seeing you. I know I mocked you when we were at Yale but you’re clearly doing well here and that’s great. The amount of times Michael went on about how determined you were to do well was actually infuriating.” Bela said giving Dean the once over as if she was filing a report to give back to Michael. There was a strong possibility that she would actually. “I’m going to be here for a few days, sorting things out for my father and things like that, before I go back to England. If you’re not too busy here then getting coffee or something would be quite nice.”
“Have you even spoken to her yet?” Dean asked as he watched his younger brother looking over at Jess for what seemed like the tenth time in a matter of minutes.
“Don’t you see Adam?
was he good at it.
“Because I’m happy. Because this is all I want. You and me.” Cas said, pulling Dean into his arms. Dean was so content in Cas' arms that he fell into a peaceful sleep after a few minutes.
Jo’s mood the next morning hadn’t improved by any means.
"Victor's a gossip but a cool dude. We have an understanding. As long as I get a solid B in that class he doesn't care too much that I'm never there." Dean said and once again he flashed Castiel that famous Dean Winchester grin.
“Same to you bro. Good to see you Winchester, try not to keep this madam a stranger.” Gabriel said, nodding towards Claire.
“So this guy is amazing and for some reason he wants me. He actually wants
“Camael has joined Raphael? I thought he had gone quiet.” Dean said. The last he’d heard of the angel was that he had turned his back on the fighting in Heaven and wanted nothing to do with it. Clearly times had changed.
He deepened the kiss, nipping at Dean's lower lip, smiling to himself when he heard that oh so familiar sigh escape from Dean's lips. Fingers ghosted down Cas' cheeks and his jaw, Dean pulling him in closer and closer until they were both breathless. Dean kissed Cas with so much love and tenderness that it made his head swim.
Dean trailed off once he focused on the sight of a sleepy but very much shirtless Cas stood in front of him, scrub top lying on the nearest cot. Dean knew the guy was strong and pretty fit, it was kind of a given, but Dean had never been expecting a well-defined chest, abs and hip bones you could - no, no he was not thinking about Cas like that. Cas was his resident and sort of a friend who wasn't that much of a jerk once you got to know how his mind worked. Dean could not think about Cas shirtless, his tanned skin lightly flushed from Dean- ok he seriously had to stop his mind running away with him and not think about Cas like that at all.
“Yeah fine, can we talk later? I’m super busy right now man.” Dean said, glancing around to see if he could spot Cas.
“Are stuck in the guts of a car and come home covered in axle grease? Seriously, Claire hoses me down some days.” Dean said letting out a small laugh as, once again, he glanced fondly at Claire.
“Since when did you smoke?” Cas asked Inias. Inias shrugged.
“You’re walking away from what you father wanted of you?” Naomi asked. “You can’t honestly tell me that you’re thinking of doing this. This is ridiculous Castiel! Jimmy wasn’t prepared for this like you were.”
“Your best… oh, fucking hell… you finally caved then?”
“Fuck…” Cas let out, looking around the room and his eyes falling on Meg’s copy of Pointe magazine that she’d left on Cas’ bedside table just two days before. He could still see the mental image of her stretched out into a straddle split on his bed, leaning forward to read while she stretched out.
"This might not be the panty dropper I wanted but damn, it's fucking cute." She said.
“Careful there Cas, I’m in charge of how the nation sees you. I can make you look like an huge asshole in seconds.” Dean said.
The shower brings on round two. Cas crowding Dean against the tiled wall of his shower, kissing him until Dean was breathless, painfully hard again and his lips almost bruised. Cas worked him open with skilled fingers and fucked into him almost tenderly. Dean's legs wrapped around Cas' tapered waist, strong arms holding him up against the wall as Cas drove him into. It was hot and messy, the glass of the shower door steaming quickly which seemed to have nothing to do with the heat from the shower. It wasn't long before they were both coming, Dean burying his face into Cas' neck and kissing him so hard it would leave marks.
“There are spoons for the beans and ‘slaw in the bag as well as forks and plates for the pie,” Dean said pushing the two bags towards Cas. “I don’t know even you like coleslaw, I can’t stand the stuff, but Sam always used to bitch at me for not getting any.”
“Oh…thanks…” Dean said as his face went from lightly tanned to a violent red blush. Clearly Dean was someone who didn’t really notice their talent. “You like art too I guess…I mean you were sketching yesterday…” Dean added still blushing.
They were no longer just friends. They were something so much more than just that.
They stumbled in the general direction of the master bedroom, stopping only to kiss the other against a pristinely painted wall or lose items of clothing. Cas’ impeccably tailored suit littered the hardwood floors while Dean’s well worn sweatpants were long gone. Once in the Cas pushed him into the shower, a cavernous steam shower that could easily fit four people. The hot water rained down on Dean's skin as Cas shucked his own clothes, following Dean into the spray. Dean let out contented moans as Cas washed him, hands running all over his body and hair. Hot, wet kisses followed as Dean pushed Cas against the tiled wall, Cas’ hands cradling Dean’s jaw as he gasped out loud. Cas’ tongue expertly explored Dean’s mouth, his teeth nipping at Dean’s bottom lip in a way that set waves of pleasure through his body. Now it was Dean’s turn to roam his hands over Cas’ athletic body, his fingers digging deep into the wet, toned skin as he began to grow painfully hard. Memories of New York cascaded over Dean and he blissfully remembered the night the two of them had shared all those weeks ago. He had missed this so much he wanted to scream. He needed more. He needed to
“Thanks.” Dean said, shooting Cas a warm smile as he filled up two mugs, passing one over to Cas. Neither Dean nor Cas missed the smug looks on the twin's faces. “Shut up and eat your pancakes. You two are still in trouble for yesterday.”
“Dude I’m a fan of dick, I don’t really look at girls like that anymore.” Dean said bluntly. He didn’t miss Cas’ smug expression at that comment. “But yeah, I think it is that Jess Moore. I’m guessing that you know her.”
“Are you going to make me go back there?” Castiel asked. Dean finally noticed how deep the guy’s voice was. He’d always been a sucker for deep voices and Castiel's was like whiskey flowing over rocks if that even made sense. The female contestants would be ripping each other apart just to hear Castiel speak.
“So…we’re friends…right?” Dean asked. “I mean, I know we’ve only just met each other but we’re roommates and…”
“Oh, I was going for a jog but I’m not allowed to leave here without someone.” Castiel said with a slight frown. “Want to come running with me? I didn’t know who else to ask.”
Adam looked horrified as he stammered out. "I'm on Lafitte's service today."
"He's enthusiastic with the gravy," Cas said. Dean snorted loudly as Amy popped her head around the door.
"Yeah, especially when I can help you track down your brother." Dean said. Three pairs of eyes were on him then, each ranging in emotions from Anna's relief to the young man’s down right ecstatic.
“This is an important year for me. I was offered a place here because they want me for ABT, that's a huge deal, Dad. It's the best ballet company in the country. Just stop being a dick for once and accept that I’m a dancer among other things. You freaking married a dancer. It was obvious I’d follow in Mom’s footsteps.”
“Oh yeah, the guy is a huge asshole.”
"It was more eloquent than that." Cas retorted. "I just explained that I had fallen in love with someone else and I thanked them for their friendship."
"Well...that was interesting," Naomi said once Meg was finished. Meg cocked an eyebrow, asking for elaboration. "An unusual choice in music Miss Masters but we can’t fault your routine."
“Fine, I'll tell Cas.” Anna said walking back to the kitchen while Dean went upstairs to Anna’s bathroom to shower. As the hot water crashed against his skin he desperately tried to not work himself up but it was impossible, talking to Cas would always be hard now and Dean still had a lot of questions for his ex-husband.
"I'll try. Love you Pops."
“Yeah, with his mom and my dad. He goes to the same high school I did.” Dean hoped that Castiel would move on from talking about Dean’s family. It wasn’t really something he wanted to get into.
“No, I’m reading this journal in the small hope that it stays in my brain for longer than two seconds,” Dean said refusing to look away from the page. Jo groaned loudly and sat down on the other end of the couch with a loud ‘flumph’ sound. “Jo, stop staring at me.” Dean snapped.
“Hey, Lindsey Lohan. You know The Parent Trap only works if you’re
Dean waited for the engine to turn over but nothing happened. “No baby, just start please.” Dean pleaded, sending out a silent prayer.
...why? You hate him.”
“No, you’re awake because you’re talking.” Castiel pointed out.
“First period algebra class. I never liked it much.” Cas said. Dean let out a snort. Cas shot him a confused look.
“That’s rich coming from the person who cried when they cancelled Firefly.” Charlie said smirking while Dean glared at her.
"Dean please don’t do this to me again!" Cas cried out imploringly. “Please Dean, just let us talk about this. I can’t let you walk out of here and I can’t…I can’t have you be mad at me over this. I can’t have you shut me out. Please Dean,
Castiel didn’t realise how large the cabin was until Dean showed each of them where they would be sleeping. Samandriel and Gabriel were in the first two rooms on the second floor, both of them overlooking the front of the property and larger than the rooms they’d had back home or at Anna’s house in Essex. Anna’s room was down the hall and was full of books. Dean might have been trying to placate her seeing as he’d knocked her out but from the small appreciative look on her face it worked.
“The school?” Adam asked. "Isn't that a good thing?"
"Thanks, Kevin, tell her that I'll be right out," Dean said and Kevin practically ran out of the room. "That kid is going to put himself into an early grave."
“Make it stop,” Dean mumbled, burying his head under his covers.
“Don’t ask. I told him not to have that last burger but did he listen to me?” Amelia said.
"That's why I'm trying to fuck you, to make up for everything."
“Something like that I guess…” Castiel said shrugging refusing to rise to Gabriel’s taunting.
"Yeah, it was crazy. We got these stupid matching tattoos instead of rings." Dean said holding up his hand to show Amelia the simple D&C inking on his finger. He hadn't gotten it removed. He couldn't bring himself to do it. "Things were... they weren't perfect but we were happy. We made it work."
“Fucking
“Shit is going to hit the fan. It’s going to be a shit storm by the time I get there isn’t it?”
"Bold words coming from a man who forgot to add flour to his holy cupcakes."
He was falling in love with Cas Novak and that terrified him.
"I have the same problem with Jack. He will say something and it will just hit me." Cas said as Dean’s words sunk in. “I...I never stopped loving you. I left but I still loved-”
“You know Dean, when you suggested that we go on a couple’s trip together I didn’t think you’d suggest sleeping on the ground.” Cas said as his eyes raked over the structure.
“She’s an amazing but frightening woman.” Amelia said with a small laugh. “So…have you found someone to bring with you?”
“So you would rather have me in Boston than here in Illinois?” Samandriel snapped glaring over at Castiel.
“That was definitely her. That was
“You better Dean Winchester, you’re stuck with me forever.” Cas said giving Dean a nudge.
“Ok… thank you Anna.” Dean said in a small voice. Anna gave him a weak smile and a quick kiss on the cheek. “I really love you Anna.”
“Can we have swans and a string quartet?” Cas asked looking hopeful. When he wanted to, Cas could be a cheesy son of a bitch.
“You missed the last episode?” Sarah asked looking horrified. “But Doctor Piccalo met her long lost half-brother! Then a bus crashed into the side of the hospital and she had to operate on him with just a basic trauma kit and limited light!”
Cas was twenty-four years old, wrapped in Dean’s arms as they looked out across the vast ocean. Dean had stopped throwing up as he slowly found his sea legs. Cas saying that he was so happy and wasn’t sure how their trip to England could get any better. Dean slowly unwrapping his arms from Cas and looking nervous. Cas staring back with a confused expression, that expression turning to one of shock as Dean dropped down to one knee. Both of them standing with tears in their eyes as the captain pronounced them married. They were walking hand in hand as they made their way through Camden, Cas having to hold on tight so Dean wouldn’t try to get a tattoo. Dean dragging Cas to every single record store to hunt down albums they didn’t have.
proud of Dean.
"So we're stood there with all these pigs and goats. One of the pigs decides to make a break for freedom and just
"Which short ones? Frodo and Sam or Merry and Pippin?" Dean asked.
“You heard the girl, let’s get moving people! Adam, Ruby you’re coming into the OR with me. Anyone not working on the other traumas can watch from the gallery. If you don’t have other patients to see to that is.” Benny called as the room flurried into a manic sense of movement. All those not going directly into the operating room moved out the way with Jo making a face over Ruby’s gleeful look at going into surgery.
interns. You would think that we’d have better things to talk about than whether or not I find our resident attractive or not; which, for the record, I
“Jo where's Novak?” Dean asked hurrying down the corridor.
awake?” Dean asked Cas as he stumbled towards the tiny en-suite bathroom.
As soon as Cas entered the room, Charlie ran up to him and pulled him into a tight hug. One that could easily break a few ribs.
“Your son is one of my finest interns, there’s nothing to worry about,” Cas said and Dean could feel his ears burning at the tips along with his cheeks.
I'm going to put you on scut for a week if you don't shut up and let me have sex with you," Cas warned as the smirk slowly returned to his face.
Every year the school hosted a gala for the benefactors. It was always boring and filled with the same boring people. Even when Cas was friends with Hester he found it boring. Thankfully, being friends with the likes of Meg and Jo made it much more interesting.
"Wait, what did Anna say? She spoke to
Sam was right about sleeping. The on-call rooms were full of sleeping residents and attendings so Dean set up camp in the intern’s locker room on the very same bench he’d hidden out on after his first shift. It was the exact same bench he’d camped out on after he’d yelled at Cas in the OR. God so much had happened since then, so much had changed and Dean had to believe it was for the better. He’d barely been asleep for a few hours before his pager was blaring and ripping Dean out of his nap. He took one look at the screen and raced out of the room. He was running past the nurse’s station when he spotted a very tired looking Jo.
"Who are they loving at home?" Josie asked Charlie.
The apartment was in near darkness when Dean got back and for a second Dean cursed to himself at the thought that Jo had gone to bed, ad he sort of hoped she was alone and not with Adam until he heard the noise from the TV filtering from out the main room.
“Jess, just go on your date and be grateful that dad is letting you go, ok? Please, just leave me alone. I’ve got work to do.” Cas said with a sigh.
"I graduated top of my class from Evergreen." Cas retorted.
time. Dean looked over at him clearly recognising the last name as it was Castiel’s own and ‘Novak’ wasn’t a very common last name at all.
"Dean…Dean…
Meg snickered into her mashed potato while Bela and Michael just rolled their eyes.
“Yeah because mom would baby me and dad would judge the hell out of whoever it was. Jess…well I think Jess could handle it. Mom would probably love her and she’s sharp enough to even give dad a run for his money.” Sam gushed.
“When I first heard that Castiel was dating an intern I was very disappointed in him.” Dr Sands said sounding very blunt. “It’s a cliché that riddles lesser hospitals and lesser residents. When I found out that it was you I was even more disappointed because the pair of you are destined for greatness. Castiel has shown impeccable promise since his very first day and you, well you Dean Winchester came out top of your class at Yale and scored one of the highest MCAT scores this hospital has seen in a long time.”
"Be serious Dean, what are you two gonna do?"
“He’ll always be mine.” Dean said holding up his hand so that his tattoo was visible. “Everyone gets nervous before they get married, it’s pretty fucking obvious Jim. Amelia is probably having the same conversation with Jess right now.”
“Oh…oh. I honestly thought you had told her and dad about Dean. I’m sorry. Was she mad?”
“Still yelling?” Cas asked from where he was lying on their bed. They were just outside of San Francisco in a tiny hotel and had been enjoying a day of exploring the sights. Cas was lying on their bed in just his boxers reading a book while John yelled at Dean on the phone.
"Right, despite the dramatics of the prom you should all have your sonnet assignments," Vic called, bringing the class to silence. "Except for Mr Donner, who has the excuse of having his ass kicked by a girl," Vic added with a snort as half the class turned to look at Michael, sat at the very back of the room trying to hide the huge bruise on his face. "Who wants to go first?"
"Ok, he's easy on the eyes." Dean offered.
"We swapped numbers when I stayed with you. She's pretty cool." Sam said with a nonchalant shrug of his shoulders.
“This better be a good year," She muttered, her eyes scanning the label. “Fine, you can stay," She said with a sniff. She floated back to where she had been originally sitting with Meg and Jo. Meg grinned smugly at the bag of gummy bears.
“Don’t know anywhere where she would need to wear pantyhose. She whined about it for forty minutes last night. Cas actually fell asleep on my shoulder while she ranted.” Dean said. “Honestly deep-sea diving would be a better idea than going to some fancy restaurant.”
“Yeah but I love my wife, gotta make sacrifices for the ones we love.” Jimmy said.
"No let me finish. I'm sorry that I shouted but you deserve so much more than this life, you deserve more than the constant fear that comes from all of this. That's what I want for you."
“OK, ok let’s stop talking about
David Tennant as Doctor Who, the cherry pie you bake every year for Thanksgiving and this."
“Yeah, I really liked spending time with Jack, he’s a good kid.” Dean said. “Listen Cas-”
“What happened?” Dean asked looking around. He could see several of the girls already standing around, jackets from the crew members thrown over their glitter-covered evening dresses. “Someone lost the suitor? How the fuck does that even happen?” He asked Josie. Her flaming red hair was all over the place and she looked as if she was about to murder someone.
“Please stop gossiping about me to my brother of all people,” Dean said with a groan. Maybe introducing Jo to Sam was one of his less genius plans.
There was a scramble to be the first one to the board but Meg won. She stuck her tongue out at Cas with such a smug look. He was tempted to kick her in the shin but that would fuck up her dancing, he wasn’t that cruel. Finally, he got to the board and looked at the list.
The new apartment had been part of ‘the fresh start’. When Cas first moved back to Kansas City they spent a lot of time in his new apartment. That was mainly because Cas said numerous times that even walking into the old place they used to share would be ‘freaky as fuck’. Finally, after months of going back and forth between two apartments, Dean caved in, found a new place and Cas would be moving in as soon as the lease on his was up.
"I know, I've got a lot of making up to do." Cas said. "But I want you to let me make it up to you. Please, Dean. Let me make it up to you." Cas’ voice lowered on the last few words.
“Yeah, there’s one outside. Your cell phone get shitty reception?” The waitress said nodding over to the door leading out into the parking lot.
“Yes well I’ll believe
"Oh fuck. What did you do?"
“What? Running away from waiters?”
“To our new students, I want to wish you all a warm welcome. You are all here because you were the best in your classes. You are the best young dancers in America, that is why you are all here. That said, this will not be easy. If you work harder than you have ever worked in your life, we shall turn you all into the greatest of dancers. Performing for a packed audience in Lincoln Centre,” Balthazar said standing proudly.
"I wouldn't go that far," Cas said. "He's just good looking, that's all. Obviously, that means he's straight," Contrary to what most people thought, the ballet world attracted more than just gay men. Several of the male students at Cas’ level were straight as you could get.
“Sammy its fine we only just got here.” Dean said shrugging his shoulders.
He knew what she meant; before every role had been known even in the auditions. Everyone knew where they would be. Dean’s arrival however changed that, he shook up the hierarchy without even realising it. Part of it worried Cas. It wasn’t about getting the lead, which had always happened, it was about being seen. Being seen and getting a contract with the company.
Genius Winchester, just genius.
“Have you heard his prayers? Have you?” Dean asked Adriel with a snap. “Because I have! I’ve had to hear every single agonised prayer of his and I’ve had to listen as they dwindled down to fuck all. I’ve had to listen as his soul was ripped into and his faith all but torn away! From where I’m stood that is a good enough fucking reason for us to pull him out of that cesspool!”
“What? Oh yeah…” Dean mumbled as he sat down and reached for the coffee pot. “It was great…thanks for letting me crash.”
“Shit… I really don’t know what to do here Cas. I don’t know what to do or what to say. I’m still in love with you, I’ve never stopped loving you and seeing you after all this time has just brought up all these memories.” Dean said trying to control his voice because he could feel his chest tighten yet again. “I just… I don’t know what you want.”
“There’s a place I can take you to but we’re gonna have to go now. Oh and where we’re going doesn’t have the best parking facilities so the cars are gonna have to stay here.”
“No, I’m asleep you asshole.” Dean actually groaned. Castiel would feel sorry for waking Dean up but he needed to talk to Dean about this.
“Why not exactly?” Castiel retorted arching his eyebrows. “You walk into my house in the middle of my brother’s engagement party and throw these riddles in my face expecting me to understand what it is that you are talking about when I have no idea what so ever. I want you to tell me what the hell is going on.”
“No I didn’t, if you didn’t put up a fight I wouldn’t be in the position I’m in now.”
"Did so." Jess, Dean, and Gabriel all said.
“Fine,
“Do we really have to talk about Dean Winchester?” She asked. Jo let a snort. Like they’d talk about anything else. "Oh fine. We danced together when I was in London at the Royal," Bela said. "He’s an utter God of a guy,"
“Well two things, your mother is having Magnolia Bakery provide the desserts. I’m skipping lunch so I don’t feel guilty for eating my weight in cupcakes.” Amelia said. “Honestly Jimmy and I really would have been happy with just a small family meal, not this massive…”
“You continue to forget your place here; you continuously forget who you are or what you have done.” Raphael said. Dean looked away, unable to carry on looking into Raphael’s eyes. A burning sense of shame grew in the pit of his stomach at Raphael’s words. “You will find Castiel, no matter what and deal with him. You might have several members of Heaven convinced that you belong up here
“That’s a very cavalier attitudes to take towards something that, for intents and purposes, killed you.” Castiel said before tearing off a piece of his own sandwich. Dean shrugged, he had made peace with his death and was now just living day to day until he could return to his life, hopefully in South Dakota with Sam the others. “So is that the only reason you can’t sleep?” Castiel asked as she shifted closer to Dean.
“When was he last in here?” Dean asked.
"Until later then, Cas Milton," Dean said with a cocky smile as he took off towards Balthazar's office.
“Not a morning person,” Cas commented when Charlie shot him a questioning look. “When did the pas list go up?”
"Fuck forward, if I left it up to you we'd still be texting like teenagers." Cas said, his voice going even deeper. "So what's it gonna be Dean? More teenage flirting or am I gonna see this dick?" He asked, nodding down at Dean's crotch.
"We're married? As in 'till death and all that bullshit' married?" Cas asked.
Chuck narrowed his eyes suspiciously.
“Are we really talking about this right now?”
Castiel needed Dean, he wanted Dean.
“You should see the tape from Studio A,” Gabriel said to Anna. He suddenly looked a lot more alive. “It is fascinating.”
, that book is gonna be like a five car pile up on the freeway. A mess that you just can't look away from." Dean said with an easy, lopsided grin. "What were you in for?"
What Charlie didn't know was that for Dean, the show had already begun.
"Ok that is it, I’ve have enough.” Charlie snapped looking furious all of a sudden. “What the
What the fuck could have happened now?
"Can someone grab the suitor's bags from his room?"
“Stay the hell away from me,” Dean said shuffling away from Tessa as quickly as his broken body would allow him to.
“I…I should go and find Cas or…I don’t know.” Dean mumbled, suddenly feeling like the room was far too small and stuffy. Jimmy raised his eyebrows but didn’t say a word as Dean hurried out the studio.
“He was pissed off Castiel; he just wanted to hurt Dad-”
Despite his wariness, Dean knew deep down that he wanted to tell someone about all of this, he wanted to just babble about how he couldn't understand a word Cas said first thing in the morning because he would still be half asleep. About how Cas needed several coffees before he was remotely friendly. Cas hated tea with milk but his cupboards were full of boxes containing herbals teas that his sister sent him. His favourite was an almond tea from Italy that he drank by the bucket load. Dean was slowly learning some of Cas’ quirks, even the annoying albeit endearing ones like how he hummed when brushing his teeth, and he just wanted to tell someone about them dammit. Sam had complained that Dean never told him about Michael until he really had to but Sam could be a judgemental bitch sometimes and Dean having sex with his resident was something a lot of people would judge him for.
“What state is my apartment in?” Dean asked Sarah.
Dean's hands gripped onto the scrub sink as tightly as they possibly could and a vain attempt to stop the room from spinning. It was nothing but nerves, just stupid and silly nerves but Dean still needed to gravitate.
Dean groaned as he told Sam about John and Mary’s visit, about how he wasn’t able to introduce Cas to them as his boyfriend and how it had hurt Cas’ feelings. Sam listened intently as he made Dean another drink, after all, they’d both been raised by Mary who had the assumption that the world’s problems could be solved with hot drinks and soothing words.
"Thanks. Why couldn't you sleep? Things aren't getting bad again are they?" Anna asked glancing over at Castiel for a moment. Her large eyes were full of concern and Castiel thought to himself that Anna really was the only person in the world that he truly cared about as her concern was like the knife to the gut.
“About Zachariah...”
“I’m going to go and fetch your pudding,
“James.” Castiel said hurriedly before Anna could finish her question. She shot him an apologetic look as she handed over several cards all with the name James E. Milton.
“No, right now I’m talking. After you’ve listened to me for the first time in weeks I’m going to let you talk.” Dean said more firmly than he thought he was capable of. Cas looked back at him, eyebrows still raised but didn’t say a word so Dean took that a plus and carried on. “The fight between us was stupid, thinking about it makes me want to punch something because we were angry at each other for no reason. You reacted badly and I reacted even worse by walking out. I’m sorry that I freaked you and made you worry, I’m sorry that I scared you and hurt you. Most importantly I’m sorry that I fucked up and didn’t tell you that I loved you when I should have done.”
“I will do…good luck.” Sam said before they said their goodbyes and Dean quickly hung up the phone.
Whatever had happened last night was clearly being forgotten and Dean was entirely grateful.
“At Yale?” Dean asked with a scoff.
Cas grabbed Bela by the waist, practically lifting her off the ground before she could lunge at Hester.
“I...well dammit Cas, I think I’m falling for you too.” Dean said and the smile Cas gave him as a response was beautiful.
"Is that producer speak for 'pretty damn fine'?" Anna asked with a tinkling laugh. Dean snorted loudly while Anna gave him a smug look.
"I didn't...Cas, I didn't mean it like that..."
“Oh I’m sorry, I didn’t realise my ex-husband had turned into a complete child in the past two years.” Dean said while Cas sat and pouted. Sam made a self-righteous looking face from the backseat that Dean caught in the mirror. “Don’t you dare say a word.” Dean warned Sam. Sam opened his mouth to speak. “One word and I’m telling Jessica that you have a crush on her.” Dean threatened. Sam’s mouth swiftly snapped shut. “I mean it, one more word from either of you and you can walk back.” Dean warned.
in his room just before he had fully woken.
“This whole thing is pointless.” Dean muttered as Adam appeared at his side. His kin had a bloody wound on the side of his face and several of his feathers had been torn from his wings.
“Yeah but you love me.”
“What are you
"There are viewing parties for the show?" Cas asked with disbelief.
“Uh…yeah…yeah,” Dean said as panic began to surge through his whole body. Shit, this was actually happening. Now probably wasn’t the best time to freak out though.
“That would require Brady to have a soul in the first place,” Jessica said emerging from Sam’s room in a pair of jeans, a loose tank top and hooded jacket. “So I’ve got classes until later on then I’ve got some stuff to do over in my dorm. I’ll see you later,” she said walking over to Sam and giving him a quick kiss on the cheek. “It was a pleasure to meet you Dean even if you did scare the crap out of me,” Jessica added with a small smile before she picked up a bag slung near the door and gave Sam and Dean a final wave goodbye.
“I know mom, I miss you.” Dean said. He hadn’t been back to Lawrence for a while. He’d been so busy with work and rebuilding his life that he hadn’t had a chance to go home to Lawrence. “I’ll come and see you soon, I promise.” Dean said.
“Dean…Dean I’m going to…” Castiel gasped, his hips stuttering with each word.
"Did you not hear that I was the one who rescued you from Hell? Do you think I'd go through all that just to kill you now?" Dean asked. He could see that Castiel was thinking this over. "Seriously, we don't have time."
Mary convinced Dean to stay for a while, though he really didn’t need much convincing, and after Dean had taken a well-needed nap slowly they worked out what Dean could say to make it to Castiel. Just like Sam, it was clear that Mary thought Dean just needed to man up and go back to Chicago. He needed to hash everything out with Cas and apologise for walking out before the situation because even worse than it already was.
Cas repeated this as one finger became two then three. He had Dean, he wasn’t going to let anything happen to him.
“Even if it kills me.” Cas chuckled.
“Save her? Zophiel what the fuck is going on?” Dean asked not even looking down at the item Zophiel placed in his hand.
“How do you know that?” Anna asked in surprise as her eyebrows shot up. “You were close to passing out at that point.”
“The shit we do for Lawrence and ABT,” Meg muttered before letting out a heavy sigh. “The sooner we get there the sooner we can leave.”
“No way. To tell the truth we couldn’t stand each other for at least a year. The closest thing we would have ever got to being a thing would have been if we’d had angry hate sex.” Dean said. “We knew the same people at Yale and after a long time we ended up being those kind of friends who mainly take the piss outta each other. It was a surprise seeing her here actually." That was a lot easier than telling Castiel that Bela was one of his ex-boyfriend’s best friends who had hated Dean’s guts originally because she thought he would string Michael along or was just going through a phase. Dean’s bisexuality was a lot of things, confusing to him mainly, but a phase it was not. He had been dating Michael for nearly six months before Bela had understood that.
“Worse than when you let Jo pierce your lip?” Cas asked. He could still the slight scar on Dean’s bottom lip.
“You should take the morning off tomorrow,” Cas said when he and Dean were getting into bed half an hour after Mary and John left. “You can catch up with your parents before they go to visit Sam in California,” Cas added while he shuck off his shirt, throwing it onto the chair where Dean’s own clothing had been flung only moments before.
"Cas."
“Hi Dean, I’m in the kitchen!” came a voice from inside the house and Dean motioned for Castiel to follow him.
“Dean I mean it, just stop right now.”
Mary Winchester?" Cas asked, surprise filling his widening blue eyes.
Cas tried to not watch as Dean rolled out of bed, wearing nothing but a very worn The Clash t-shirt and a pair of boxers. There was no way that Cas was going to develop a crush on Dean. Not at all.
"Yes but I want to do this first," Cas said, moving with grace so he could straddle Dean’s hip, Cas’ strong, naked thighs caging him in. “Hello Dean,” he said, his smile bright and beautiful.
?" Dean asked furiously. “You’ve been distant over the past few weeks because of moving just a few hours away? Even after we talked about it? Even after I told you that I loved you. You’ve been weird and cold all because moving just a few hours away?”
“Castiel I’m sorry but I’m not going to calm down because you punched that psycho in the face! What the hell happened? Please don’t lie to me to me either or I might scream at you.”
"No because someone else deserves the chance to kill you more than I do." Dean said pocketing his blade and turning towards the door that led back to Castiel.
Da. Ya svobodno govoryu po-russki  - Yes. I speak fluent Russian
"Yeah, it belonged to my grandfather."
“I am sorry Dean, let me make it up to you tonight by buying you a drink.” Cas said.
“Anna will be with them as well,” Cas added reassuringly. Dean still didn’t look convinced but he nodded. “Should we say good-”
It was easy to spot Sam in arrivals. He stood almost a head above everyone else in his Stanford sweater and as soon as he spotted Dean his face broke out into a huge smile. Once he spotted Cas the smile faltered, even more so when he saw their laced fingers. Sam ambled over to them, backpack and garment bag slung over his shoulder while he gave Dean a quizzical look.
“Dean’s taken away my TV privileges until I stop deleting all his episodes of
“Where are you going?” Jo asked as Dean pulled on his jacket.
"Are you really that stupid Dean, really? I had no idea that you even liked me like that and I'm not insane enough to just kiss someone, especially another guy because shit like that can get you punched in the face or worse." Castiel said.
The ER, like all good ERs, was packed full of people by the time Dean got down there. Benny gave Dean the swiftest of glares before he set him to work doing sutures on a kid whose forehead met a patio door. It was pretty tame for the ER but after the past few days Dean felt like he needed it, he needed some peace, quiet and-
“Dean-”
“What about him wearing one of your shirts to work?” Jo offered.
"I'm a fucking rock star with a scalpel," Cas said but he didn't sound convinced at all. Dean rolled his eyes at him but gave his boyfriend a smile anyway.
"So yeah... Jimmy and Amelia are my family, I feel pretty blessed every day to call them my family and I'm so grateful they found each other... someone once told me that love should shake up the stars... I believe Jimmy and Amelia have a love that can shatter the stars." Dean said, his whole body shaking as he finished.
“And I’ll just tell her that you were the one who brought me that fake ID for my birthday. Face it; you’ve got nothing on me. Mom is gonna kick your ass and there’s nothing you can do about it.” Sam said gleefully. Damn him because he had a point.
"Yeah well I was curious." Gabriel shot back while Michael rolled his eyes.
“I was thinking about how I made a promise to our parents to always be there for you and Samandriel. I made a promise to them and I made it my duty to always be there for you! We hunt the supernatural creatures because that is our duty but standing by and letting you die is not what I was meant to do.” Castiel said. “All I was thinking about was how you could not die!”
“What? No soaking shoes in vinegar? No glass in the shoes? Acid to the face?” Cas asked. Dean snorted loudly.
Dean let out a deep groan coming from his chest as he parted his mouth to welcome Castiel's tongue. His arm moved from Castiel's chest so it could run light strokes along Castiel's abdomen. Their kiss was deep, wet and full of pure want that sent almost painful pangs to the pit of Castiel's stomach. He pulled away and watched Dean's face for a moment. Dean had asked him not to leave all those weeks ago and Castiel wasn't going to, he really wasn't going to. Castiel knew he was staring but he couldn't help it; the look in Dean's eyes, the way his green irises were practically unseen thanks to his wide pupils, the small freckles that littered Dean's cheeks and the slow curve of Dean's lips were all begging to be captured by whatever medium Castiel could think of; watercolour, charcoal or pencil.
“Really?” Dean asked making it sound like he didn’t remotely believe Castiel. Stupid dick…
“We’re going to find a way though…right?”
"I said 'Stop fidgeting.'" Cas mumbled into Dean's neck.
“All I’m saying…” Amelia said when they were a few minutes away from the Novak-Reeves building. “Is that you’re turning thirty next year and, as far as I can see, you haven’t really lived since you came back from Boston.”
“I was gonna say ‘pissy’ but nervous works too, I guess.” Dean retorted.
Five minutes ago Dean had been staring at a shirtless Cas with less than wholesome thoughts and now they were going to have to fight to save a young girl’s life.
“I don’t want anyone to die, I just want to watch a good surgery.” Adam shot back and Sarah just rolled her eyes as she pulled on her pink OBGYN scrubs.
“I will…I will. I just…I just need a moment.”
“Does she ever let you have a moment of peace?” Cas asked.
“You were in need. I had to help someone in need.” Daphne said giving Castiel a smile.
“Dean-”
“Everywhere, Jimmy wants to go to all these random places and I really wanna check out Vegas.” Dean said. They had started planning the trip a few months previous. Jimmy had a long list of bizarre places he wanted to check out and, even though he would never admit it, Dean thought that a few of them actually sounded kind of cool.
“Touché” was the only reply Dean could think of.
“Oh I’m the grumpy fucker?” Dean questioned. “So there’s two guys sitting on a beach and I’m certainly not the grumpiest fucker out the two.”
“That would be the angel who knocked me out.” Anna said snippily.
“Yeah sure, the bathroom is upstairs.” Dean said nodding towards the hallway.
“She knows I’m gonna be there, right?”
“How is it that I came out here to see if you were ok and now it’s all about me?” Dean asked. Cas chuckled.
“Yeah he’s the youngest after me; his frog was called Agamemnon and is buried under the starting line on the football field. There’s a memorial poem, well it’s more of a limerick, written in the boy’s bathroom next to the cafeteria.” Castiel said while Dean snorted with laughter. “Gabriel has always had a flare for the dramatics.”
Cas scrolled through one of his dance playlists and finally settled on a song. The slow melody began as he and Dean walked into the centre of the room, gently warming up their muscles. As the lyrics began, the two moved around the space with no real plan of movements, they just let their bodies take over. It was dancing at its most pure form. Cas always adored watching Dean dance and how his face took on a look of serenity with every move or position. He watched in awe as Dean just moved, no plan or restrictions holding him back.
“That’s an interesting name.” Daphne remarked taking Castiel’s hand. “It’s much better than Daphne anyway.” She added flippantly. “Do you want to finish your coffee then get going?” Castiel nodded and drained his mug. Daphne finished her own drink and placed her money down next to her mug. While Daphne preoccupied herself with putting on her coat to protect herself from the cold weather Castiel caught the eye for the waitress. Despite her surliness she had shown him a small act of kindness and for that Castiel was grateful. He knew it wasn’t a lot but he hoped that the thankful smile he gave her was enough.
? She just wants to say thank you for sticking up for me and she loves cooking for people." Charlie asked frowning. “You know how much she likes you Cas-”
“Your brother is here.” Dean said as soon as he got to Jimmy’s side. Jimmy’s mouth dropped open and he scanned the backyard until he saw Cas stood next to Anna. Anna was talking very animatedly, waving her hands around in front of her. Dean couldn’t hear her but it was clear that Anna was pissed.
“Seriously dude, I knew you were well off but…this is Park Avenue. I’m wearing jeans.” Dean said, sounding worried.
“Go ahead, I’ll talk to Krissy’s parents about the surgery and transplant.” Dean felt instantly lightened by Castiel’s words. “Make sure Bradbury is alright.” His friend added and Dean gave him an appreciative smile. “I’ve heard hot chocolate normally helps.”
“None taken, I say much worse things when being nice about them.” Castiel admitted shrugging his shoulders.
Instead of a witty retort, Cas did one better by bringing their lips together in a deep kiss while he slid off his underwear so now he was just as naked as Dean was. The touch of skin against so much skin was making Dean’s brain short circuit in the best way possible.
“Um, yes. They want me to fly out there in March and audition.” Michael said, seemingly waiting for Bela to make a snarky comment.
"Charlie...what is all this?" Dean asked in awe.
“Are you awake?” Anna asked shifting slightly in Castiel’s bed.
to do with me,” Dean said quickly. Sure, he’d been at the school for two years but he didn’t have a clue who this kid was. “I gotta go, catch you at lunch maybe?” Dean said.
“Sorry?” Castiel asked looking perplexed.
“Well, yeah. You look like Dad does whenever he gets drunk and hears Since I’ve Been Loving You then cries while watching cowboy movies thinking that I don’t know what he’s doing.” Claire said bluntly.
"My Chevy Impala, most beautiful thing you've ever seen." Dean said. “It was my dad’s and I grew up in that car. He started to let me drive it when I was sixteen and it was the best day ever.” Dean said as they slowly made their way through the cars.
“Are you going for a record on how many detentions you can get in your first few weeks here?”
"I've been meanin' to ask. You ain't the son of John Winchester by any chance?" Benny asked. Dean felt his face redden but nodded anyway. "Damn, that man is one hell of a trauma surgeon. Half the techniques I use are his." Benny said shaking his head in what looked like disbelief.
him Dean. How can you lose a whole person?” She asked. Without even taking a breath Josie turned to face the rest of the crew. “If there is not a latte in my hand in less than a minute I will fire you all.” Her face was almost as red as her hair. “I will fire you all then destroy you. I know this mansion more than I know my vagina. I know where to bury your fucking bodies.”
"Whoa shit, I'm sorry," He said, his voice was deeper than Cas thought it would be and with a stronger Mid-Western drawl. Jo had all but lost hers since she moved to New York and Dean had been dancing abroad for years. It was strange but Cas found it oddly endearing. "No damage done?" Dean asked looking down at Cas’ feet.
“No…no not yet…I’ve gone over all my study guides and notes so I should be prepared,” Cas said with a sigh.
“I wouldn’t have let him even if he tried.” Josie said. “What’s the situation with the suitor?” She asked Dean, it was always business with Josie.
“Ok?”
"Not leaving." Cas said firmly as he took charge and pushed Dean down onto the bed and slowly began kissing a line along Dean's jaw and down his neck. Fuck, Dean had missed neck kisses.
"What look?"
“What’s wrong?” Cas asked raising an eyebrow.
“If you’re going to hurl then try to do it away from your suit.” Dean said.
"Gee, thanks. I'll say goodbye to Cas."
"Looks like walking sex," Cas said bluntly.
“Cool, but first I wanna do this.” Dean said, grinning mischievously as he closed the minimal space between, his plush lips finding Cas’ for a heated, albeit slightly sleepy, kiss.
“Very funny you jackass. I was thinking that we should have a party tonight.”
“He doesn't really get a say. If he says no to Vegas then I'm saying no to going to see that goat who can blow smoke rings.” Dean said. That damn goat had been the only thing Jimmy had talked about for nearly three days.
Dean could barely contain the smile that spread across his face as he took in the quote and moved on to read Castiel’s note.
“Yes I do so stop it because it is not what you think at all, we’re not even friends.”
“Well, there’s a first for everything I guess.”
"Holy shit, you weren't kidding." Dean said smirking while he leant against the nearest kitchen countertop. The sight of Dean stood there in just his boxers with a smirk on his lips was incredibly distracting and it took a moment or two for Castiel to pull his eyes away from Dean’s torso and that damn tattoo of his.
“I swear, this place is like the gateway to Hell.” Castiel muttered as he looked around.
Despite knowing Benny since he started at the hospital and drinking with him a few times Dean realised there wasn’t a lot he knew of the trauma surgeon but that changed over the course of the evening. Benny spoke openly of his fiancé Andrea whom he clearly thought the world of from the soft way he spoke of her. He had grown up in Louisiana and studied medicine there before enlisting in the army as a field doctor. He served a tour in Iraq before moving to Chicago when he was offered the job as head of trauma.
“What like the look you get when you talk about your resident Cas?” Sam asked and the triumphant grin slid of Dean’s face as quickly as it appeared.
"This is what I want Cas." Dean said pulling Cas in for even more kisses.
“I...thanks Cas.”
"I'm walking away, recognise the gesture?"
“Dean I think I’ve found it. I’m sending you the coordinates now. You need to meet me there.” John’s gruff voice said. Dean hung up and glanced down at the screen to see that John had indeed sent him coordinates. He grabbed the map he kept in his bag just in case and found that the location was only a minute anyway, even less if he ran. Dean took off in a fast sprint hoping that John would be alright and nothing would happen to him in the time it took Dean to get there.
?” Cas asked looking back at the blonde girl.
“Dean having a good idea such as coming here tonight, not a bad way to butter me up, Winchester. It’s more successful than Ruby bribing me with French fries.” Benny said. Dean rolled his eyes and couldn’t even bother to point out he hadn’t asked Benny to join him for a drink because of the solo surgery coming up.
He wanted to lay all of his flaws out so that they weren’t hidden anymore.
“Ok I get it, I shouldn’t have gone out drinking last night and, like you said, I did a piss poor job of showering but my name is Winchester, Dean freaking Winchester so you can either call me that or don’t bother calling me anything ok?” Dean snapped. Everyone in the room went silent as Novak looked up from the patient and narrowed his eyes.
“Yes, that was here. On her best behaviour, I might add.”
“Cas has
"What happened….it was not your fault and I'm sorry that she made you think that. You...you didn't-"
A deep snarl. Burning pain. Castiel’s thoughts were becoming disjointed.
“You seriously need to stop reading other people’s files,” Dean said with an irritated sigh. Maybe the hospital needed to rethink the security
“Oh, Dean.”
“What?” Dean breathed out heavily as he whipped his head around to stare at Castiel, hysteria darkening his green eyes. “What did you say?” he asked with a demanding tone to his voice.
With a smile directed at Cas Dean closed his eyes for a moment. Today had been a tiring day, his old life colliding with his new one. Despite all that and despite the terrible situation that had occurred Dean couldn’t help but feel relieved that for that small moment in time his resident wasn’t out for his blood and that there was even a possibility of the tentative friendship forming between the two men.
“Thanks.” Castiel called back with a small smile. He took a cautious sip and was met with the rich flavour of strong hazelnut coffee. He took another sip while the helicopter landed on the helipad. He followed Amelia as she hurried towards the helicopter and opened the door before she could reach for the handle. Amelia rolled her eyes but smiled anyway. Naomi and their father had been sticklers for Castiel and Jimmy being raised with manners and respect.
"We met when we were at college. Cas was at Evergreen, I was at KU with Jimmy and Jo. That part you probably know. Cas and I flirted and fooled around for a while until I realised I actually really loved him. We went on this road trip after we graduated, it was supposed to be with Jimmy and Sam but they couldn't make it so it was just me and Cas." Dean explained even though he could feel his chest tightening. "It was the best time of my life. Just the two of us going all over the country, not caring about anything but the two of us. We got to Vegas and we were so drunk for pretty much all of it, Cas suggested we get married and I was so wreaked that I agreed."
were you playing
The air felt thicker the further Dean went into the north wing. Dean got the feeling that the part of the house wasn’t used as much as the other parts. The air had a musty smell to it that reminded Dean of Bobby’s place in South Dakota. He doubted that if he went searching he would find ancient leather-bound books about werewolves, chupacabras or ghouls in the Novak-Reeves’s library.
“Charlie I want a good seat so I can take notes.” Dean countered. “Ok and watch some of the carnage but don’t judge me.”
“Yeah, I’m sorry. It’s been crazy. I’ve only just got back into the country and-” Whatever Cas was going to say next Dean didn’t want to here. He turned around and walked away. He looked around the backyard and hurried over to Jimmy as soon as he spotted him.
“Ok…yeah we’ll talk soon.”
"You don't have to coddle me." Castiel snapped slightly while scowling. Dean just rolled his eyes and began pulling Castiel in the direction of the hallway.
"That's why I came here, to make all of that right. You've gotten know that by now." Cas said, stepping closer to Dean. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't care. About you... about Jimmy... about Anna. I fucked up, I fucked up so bad, and I want to make everything right again." He slowly closed the space between them and, ever so slightly, kissed Dean on the lips.
“About six months ago, it may have been seven. He doesn’t paint much anymore but when he does there’s always a reason behind it. He couldn’t sleep and when I couldn’t find him in the kitchen I came up here.” Jimmy said as Dean moved from one canvas to another. “That was what he was working on when I found him.” Jimmy said pointing over to the smaller of the canvases. Dean stopped when his eyes fell on it. Leather and beaded bracelets, several with anti-demonic sigills carved into them, peeked out of a clean white shirt. Silver rings adorned a freckled hand. A smile broke out on Dean’s face as he ran his hand over the unfinished work.
“No you’re not, if we don’t figure out a way to prove your soul is strong then you’re going to die. You’re going to die because you weren’t brave enough to stand up to your family and tell them that this isn’t the life you wanted for yourself.”
“It’s ok. We always knew he would the best person for the job, even if my mother doesn’t want to admit it.” Castiel said. “You…you haven’t seen Dean anywhere have you?”
Castiel waited for a breath before nodding. "Ruby? Will you accept this rose?" He asked and damn, Dean had to admit that throughout the night Castiel seemed to be getting better at this. He was even smiling, true the smile didn't reach his eyes but they could alter that in editing with some swelling music and lighting adjustments.
"I don't know Dean. I really don't know. At the end of the day, it's
Cas was going to be there any moment.
“You may believe that Danyael but I am also the only archangel with any power here.”
