“Nice,” he manages to choke out quickly moving on from the Thing That Must Not Be Named.  “Wait, what else did you bring?  Not another stack of history books?”
Their first kiss is not technically perfect, but what it lacks in form it makes up for in intensity.  Tony fuses their lips, trying to convey years of want and need and love in a single moment.  His tongue runs along the seam of Steve’s lips, at last daring to hope that he and Steve are finally on the same page.
The room is relatively minimalistic, if luxurious.  Aside from an obscenely large bed, a single nightstand, some abstract looking wall art, and a mini-bar spread out along one wall, there’s nothing much here, and the space looks less like a room and more like an extravagantly priced hotel suite.  He gets the feeling that Tony doesn’t exactly spend a lot of time in this space.  Why he’s taken Steve here, he’s not exactly sure.
“Yeah,” Tony answers back, “just a bit of external damage that I need to fix.  Shouldn’t take more than a couple of hours.”
she’s joking, but she’s just not sure.  She debates with herself for a moment, but she lets herself send off another text.
Steve resists the urge to snort.  He’s heard enough back and forth between JARVIS and Tony to seriously doubt the accuracy of that claim.  “But you’d enjoy it, right?” he counters.
He gets the feeling that negotiations are swiftly coming to a close.  “Ma’am, I’m going to need you to stop whatever it is that you're doing and come with me.”
“Well, now’s the time to start,” Natasha looks at him with something like pity in her eyes, but her voice is a sharp as ever. “Okay, first rule of undercover work: do not volunteer information.”
To be fair, it was never supposed to be a permanent thing.  SHIELD headquarters had been pretty banged up after the Chitauri, but the Stark Mansion had escaped miraculously unscathed.  It just made sense for the Avengers to bunk up with Natasha, considering the lack of available accommodations throughout the city.  The hotels were packed with people whose homes had been destroyed, and it wouldn’t be fair for them to take up space that could go to another person.  Besides, as Tasha repeatedly assured everyone, she has the room.
“I just went for a run,” he says as he walks in the door.  “I haven’t been able to get out that much here recently.”
“What?” he cuts in.  His heart gives a quick jolt at the words ‘taking you out,’ but he doesn’t think Tony’s thought this one all the way through.  “Tony, it’s ridiculously early.  The only things open right now are coffee and donut shops.”
“...getting closer for a while now, and I like where it’s going.  We’re just sort of horrible at getting things out in the open.”
Tony laughs at that, the quick bark ringing throughout the room.  “In a manner of speaking,” he answers, and his voice rings with some sort of joke that Steve’s not getting.
At least, it is until Tony starts working again.  The brief flare of light gives off just enough light that Steve catches brief flashes of gold crimson on the work table.
Not to mention, he’s got the seeds of an idea sprouting in the back of his head.  There’s a not-insignificant part of him about that feels guilty about trying to start a relationship when he’s keeping such a big secret from Tony.  But there’s no reason he can’t tell Tony the truth
“Hawkeye and Widow are down toward the south end of the park.  Can you back them up?  You have to crack these things open to get them to stop, and neither of them has the equipment to do it.”
He may have gotten lucky.  Tony’s sheer horror at his lack of familiarity with technology seems to have temporarily overwhelmed his power for speech – which is no easy feat, Steve thinks.  After several multiple attempts to begin speaking and some impressive eyebrow acrobatics, the other man finally starts talking.
Just when he’s resolved to move further into the open space, a startling blue light flashes at his nine o’clock, and he springs toward the action, shield poised on his right arm but ready to be thrown if need be.
Tony Stark has no legitimate reason to dream of endless black and suffocating amidst a sea of stars.
“I don’t think you should go back there,” Steve warns, at last breaking out of his momentary fugue and getting involved in the proceedings.
Of all the times for Tasha to go silent, this is not it.  She can see the three moving dots that mean Tasha’s typing, but…nothing.
The government, though, is less than enthusiastic about the press tour, particularly when Stark’s interviews start so quickly after everything that went down.  A lot of men in suits shout very loudly that Natasha had no right to be airing government secrets before events had been declassified, but Natasha primly informed them that not only is she a volunteer, but she is specifically
“Sir,” JARVIS calls from overhead.  “Now that your latest attempt has concluded, I feel obligated to inform you that your 9:30 appointment has been waiting for quite some time in the upstairs conference room.”
It turns out, the reactor is somewhat of a picky eater.  She dines only on the purest offerings palladium or vibranium, and heaven forbid you try to substitute something different.  Apparently, plutonium is the broccoli of viable fissle materials.  The problem is palladium is one of the rarest minerals on earth to mine, and vibranium is expensive as fuck to produce.  Neither are going to be a viable element for the new reactor, at least not with the production scale he’s envisioning.  Nope, he’s just going to have to keep looking and hopes that he finds a suitable replacement before he spontaneously combusts from sheer frustration.
Not to mention, he’s tired.  Tired of running, tired of constantly looking over his shoulder, tired of…well, a lot.  So he’d taken the plane ticket Stark had offered, met the driver he’d sent at JFK, and was currently standing in front of the garage elevator of the newly rechristened Avengers Tower.
It takes him a surprisingly short amount of time to make his way back to Market Street.  It probably only seemed like forever when he was carrying around a giant shocky thing, but you know what people say; perspective makes all the difference.  He fully expects everyone to be waiting for him on that rooftop, and yet, to his infinite surprise, the space is empty.
The moment he latches onto one of the creature’s arms, he can feel the shock reverberate through his entire system, and he prays that he makes it through this in one piece.  He hadn’t exactly been one-hundred percent straightforward with Steve.  Yes, theoretically the armor’s a Faraday cage, but in all likelihood, this thing is channeling too much energy for that fact to make much of difference.  His best bet is to get this thing out over the open water as quickly as possible before the suit’s systems short-circuit and he loses power.  He only feels like falling to his death once, thank you very kindly.
is probably the mildest word he can use to describe Tony’s reaction to the flip phone.  But to be fair, it’s been almost three weeks and Dum-E’s still scooting around with his toy, Tony’s glares notwithstanding.
A second later, a picture of Tasha — a selfie, as she’s been repeatedly told — pops in.  True to her word, the other woman’s holding a four-leaf clover up to her face while she smiles teasingly at the camera.  Steph allows herself a smile and composes her answer.
Such cattiness deserves appetizers.  Catching the eye of one of the circulating waiters, Tony gestures for him to come closer.
“In that case,” Steve responds slowly, “I think we have a deal,” He extends his hand for a second time.  “I look forward to working with you, Mr. Stark.”
it and redirects the energy.  The process slows him down for a second, but this thing just seems to get stronger with whatever we throw at it.”
“I know that you and I have never really spent that much time together,” he starts, which is putting it mildly at best. “But Iron Man is my best friend, and I think it’s important that the two of us get to know one another better.”
Her eyebrows twitch, and the left one rests slightly lower on her face. Her lips part as if she wants to say something, only to bite back the words when she decides to remain silent. He wants to internalize those expressions, to spend so much time absorbing that face that he knows in an instant what each twitch and furrow and blink entails. They’ve lost so much time already; those eyes have been shining like that this entire time they’ve known each other, but they’ve been shuttered away behind red and gold. If he’d been allowed to see underneath the mask, he’d know exactly how to read that expressive face and if the moisture glistening on Natasha’s lashes bodes well or ill for him.
“I’m afraid not, Sir.  I really must insist, or else I shall have to inform Miss Potts of your negligence.”
Steph feels herself recoil at the suggestion.  “I couldn’t do that,” she answers, her response automatic.
After New York, though, his perception changed.  When everything finally calmed down, Fury finally got around to telling them, guess what, Phil hadn’t exactly died during Loki’s attack, just been seriously injured.  Steve was somewhat bitter over the director’s blatant manipulation, particularly at those blood-soaked cards, but it was hard to feel to angry that someone wasn't murdered.
Just the opposite, actually. In fact, everything is so suspiciously perfect that he really doesn’t want to leave, just in case he wakes up and discovers this was all some drug-induced dream or a Hydra plot crafted to lower his defenses.
name, but she really doesn’t know how Tasha could be so dismissive about the statuesque blonde who accompanied her to…whatever event it was they went to.  Because Tasha is
He’s probably placing an unfair burden on Tony by asking to stay over.  He knows perfectly well that he doesn’t have a concussion, and the few scratches he ascertained during the fight have already scabbed over.  Nonetheless, he’s still perfectly willing to to take advantage of Tony’s concern for his medical well-being if it allows him to spend extended time in his company.  He’s not sure exactly where they stand at the moment, but he’s not willing to let whatever they’ve got going slide by.  Apparently, aliens can invade at any moment, so from now on he’s going to seize whatever happiness he has with both hands and grip it with every ounce of serum infused strength that he has.  Life’s too short.
He stands very carefully to avoid adding any more stress to an already tense situation.  Very slowly, he circles around so he’s in Steve’s line of sight.  “So,” he starts, “that’s interesting.”
Maybe it’s a sign.  The guy’s got to be bored out of his mind sitting day in and day out in Tony’s hallway.  No matter what time he gets down here or what time he goes to bed, Rogers is always here, waiting with his infuriating questions.  This type of pigheadedness is simply not sustainable.  At least, Tony hopes it’s not.  He doesn’t know how much more of this he can take.
“Well, great, glad we both agree on something,” she says, her voice drifting off into a mumble at the end.
Or, you know, the Decepticons invade.  Given the events of the past year, that’s now a conceivable scenario.  How in the world is this his life?  Five years ago, he never would have imagined he be legitimately contemplating the probability of a future alien invasion.  Of course, five years ago, he’d never thought that he’d resign as CEO, either.  Or that his godfather would try to murder him.  Or that he’d somehow make himself into a superhero and lie about it on national television.
It’s an indication of how much Tasha’s grown on her that she finds this funny and not obnoxious.  More importantly, experience has taught her about Tasha’s coping methods.  The humor’s going a long way to dispel the digital tension, so she allows herself to play along.
She walks into the center of the room bold as anything and immediately begins surveying the room through her tinted glasses. “So, this place is still as pathetic as I remember it. Hasn’t changed much in the, what…two years since I’ve set foot in this place. Oh, right, my bad. I’d forgotten. It must be because you don’t actually live here.”
When he’d first hacked into the comlinks, he’d thought the voice coming over the line had just sounded like Steve; understandable, since he was probably about two seconds away from kissing the guy before that stupid alarm had ruined everything.  But then he’d got to the park, seen the man on the ground, and he’d known.  He’d just known.
Still, their pattern of passing nods and terse public cordiality has worked well enough for the both of them, and he sees no reason to fix something that isn’t broken. If Ms. Stark prefers to keep her distance from the team, he can respect her need for space. If anything, he’s grateful for the lack of oversight.
Steve knows he’s got him with that one; as much as Tony might like to downplay the extent of his of commitment, Steve knows that he’s not one to back out of a project without good cause.
“Iron Man said you mentioned something like that,” Natasha answers, her voice betraying nothing about her thoughts on the matter.
Because Steve Rogers is the World’s Most Devious Troll.™  Underneath that clean-cut, all-American exterior is a sneaky bastard who will respond to meddlesome senators’ allusions to Tony’s history in the weapons business with not so subtle references to their own campaign contributions from the NRA.  Pretty soon, people start to get the hint that you do not belittle Tony Stark in front of Captain America.  It’s glorious.  Seriously, if Tony had known Steve was this snarky, he’d have started bringing him to these things years ago.
She loses consciousness in the elevator, but an army of doctors descend on them mere minutes after they hit the medical floor. That had been yet another shock, learning that Natasha had an entire team of New York’s best surgeons on retainer, hemmed in by NDAs and generous amounts of hush money. He…
“I'm sorry I didn't do this ten years ago. I'm a goddamn idiot. And I-- I thought that we had to pretend, I thought that this was all I could have--"
“But none with the transport capabilities of a Helicarrier.  How is SHIELD supposed to monitor a crisis of they can’t provide adequate technical support?  Without the best possible equipment, they can’t keep a situation from escalating.”
“Exactly!  We’ll tell him eventually, but not until I get in a few good comebacks.  Besides, just think of the mental anguish Tony will go through trying to figure out how I’m coming up with such good material.  It’s like a Tony-centric version of the Turing test.”
Oh, right.  Well, technically he’s been awake for the past seventeen hours; that has to count for something.
“Good,” Pepper says, and straightens back up.  “And while you’re at it, you’d better tell him that if he breaks your heart, I’ll kick his ass.”
“That’s the one.  When the Chitauri attacked New York, Mount Sinai was one of the hundreds of businesses that lost power.  Like most hospitals, they have a backup generator, but as luck would have it one of our helpful alien robots crashed into the auxiliary power supply.  The hospital lost 85 percent of its power at a time when they had patients rushing in by the dozens.  Doctors...had to make choices.”
.  Please show the original post some love and subscribe to her work, because everything she posts is amazing!!!
isn’t true, having heard Bruce and Tasha collaborate firsthand).  She gushes about how much of an honor it was to fight alongside her childhood hero, particularly when said hero lived up to the hype (no comment).  She smirks and she giggles and she tosses her hair and it’s every stereotypical feminine ploy that Steph’s fought against her whole life.
If he keeps repeating the mantra to himself, maybe his subconscious will finally internalize the message.  No matter how much he might want this…outing…to be something more, he knows Steve sees it as nothing more than one friend helping out another.  Still, that doesn’t mean he can’t enjoy his evening.  He’s dealt with his feelings for Steve this long; he can deal with them for a few more hours, especially if it means he gets to spend an otherwise miserable evening alongside his best friend.
Steve increases the pressure for just a moment.  He brings his forehead to Tony’s for a few precious seconds before relaxing his grip and settling back on the couch.  “Taking things slow.”
“Is that what he’s trying to tell you?  That SHIELD is a peace keeping force?!”  Tony asks somewhat incredulously.  When Steve remains silent, Tony sighs.  “Look, I’ve been in this game for a long time.  Preventative measures only work so long as the guy with his finger on the button is committed to not pressing it, and I don’t trust Fury to be that guy.   He’s not asking for a deterrent; he’s looking for an arsenal.”
“Yeah, go ahead and send them down.”  Tony turns back to Steve.  “Seriously Steve, keep the tech.  You are in desperate need of an upgrade, and that flip phone hurts my soul.  Besides, if you’re not great with computers, you’re exactly the type of beta tester we need!  We have to make sure these models are user friendly and powerful.”
“As far as we can tell, there’s only one hostile we need to worry about.  We can’t be certain, but there’s someone who looks like a woman near on the edge of the Conservatory Water.  She’s not attacking anyone at the moment, but it appears as though she’s causing the statues to move.”
Steve looks utterly miserable, as if he regrets ever speaking.  "I'm sorry," he apologizes, trying to pull away.
The woman stands up, although she’s still hovering in mid air.  Steve has to crank his neck upwards to see her, and the height difference makes him very uncomfortable.  “No!” she insists, her voice rising.  “They are!  How do you not understand that?”
Steve perks up.  “That’s a great idea!  I bet people would love a chance to spend time with War Machine.”  He reaches into his pocket and grabs his cell phone.  “I’ll call him now.”
It strikes Steve as slightly odd that JARVIS is volunteering information, but he’s willing to run with it.  Trust JARVIS to know where all of the secrets are buried.
Steve pauses, thoughts whirling around inside of his head.  After a moment, he turns to look to Natasha.
“On my way.”  He hangs up, confident that Natasha will update him when they get to the scene and they’ve got more information.  She’s probably already on the move herself.”  He turns to Tony as he stashes his phone in his pocket.  “Did you catch any of that?”
Tony drags his hands out of the air and crosses them over his chest.  His weight shifts backwards onto his heels, and he starts regarding Steve with a long, drawn out silence.  Steve has absolutely no idea what he’s done (par for the course regarding his interactions with Stark), but judging from the other man’s reaction, he’s pretty sure he’s misstepped in some crucial way.
Fortunately, the timestamp lets him know that he’s only missed the text by eight minutes, and he quickly shoots off a reply in the hopes that Tony will still be able to respond.
“You date.” Iron Man insists. “I mean, not successfully, but you’ve definitely dated since we’ve met. I’m not allowed to do the exact same thing?’
“That’s helpful,” Tony responds somewhat caustically, “considering we have no idea what we’re dealing with.”
So…that.  Good news is, he’s not going to die.  Bad news is, that whole secret identity reveal timetable just got moved up a bit.
“Yes, you’ve definitely suffered,” he says drolly as his eyes travel up and down the blonde man and take in his frankly obscene muscles.
if she could just hate the woman, because then she could just stop thinking about her, could put her out of her mind once and for all, aside from Avengers-related business.  But each and every time she thinks Tasha’s crossed some sort of line in the sand, something that would allow Steph to mentally box up her personality and file her away once and for all, she does something considerate and the thought process goes back to square one.  It’s intensely frustrating.
Tony nods, quickly and he leans in.  “Absolutely.  I’ll listen to anything and everything you want to say.”  His voice is notably sincere, which gives Steve the courage to keep talking.
Later, Steve will look back on this remark as the moment he really should have connected the dots. At the moment, however, his only concern is making sure his best friend and the woman that friend loves are able to survive this. It leaves him dreadfully unprepared for what comes next.
After a prolonged period of avoiding his face, Tony finally looks up from the ground, his eyes meeting Steve’s with a thousand unanswered questions.  Steve forces himself to meet that gaze, not willing to cede an inch in whatever mental standoff their engaging in.
“You caught me,”  she says, staring down and Tasha as she tries to get the other woman to settle down.  “I’m okay.”
.  The glass, previously transparent, darkens, and Steve can no longer see the man inside.  So that’s how Stark wants to play it.  Well, two can play that game.  Steve unlocks his knees and braces himself for a long night.  The man has to come out sometime, and Steve will be right there waiting for him when he does.
isn’t exactly the film for people with a justifiable fear of drowning.  He mentally makes a note to strike any and all films with water related deaths from the film queue.  Later, though.  Right now, Steve needs his undivided attention.
“Whatever we want it to mean.”  At the moment, he’s willing to settle for it meaning Tony doesn’t permanently bar him from the lab.  “I just didn’t want to wait too long and miss my chance.”
The MET sits in the northeastern corner of Central Park, so, in suggesting that they walk back to the tower, he’s inadvertently taken them back through the sight of their battle a couple of weeks prior.  While the city has dealt with the most obvious obstructions, it’s still going to take time for them to clear away the 100+ statues that just decided to up and walk away from their assigned spots.  Hence, the rearing bronzed horse poised just off the side of the path and sectioned of by yellow caution tape.
Of course, that doesn’t stop him from feeling restless every once in awhile.  He tries to keep active by doing some of the calisthenics routines that Nat had shown him, but he honestly needs more to really push his muscles.  Sighing, he pulls himself out of a plank and turns back to his book.  He can only put off reading about Vietnam for so long.
“Howard’s son?” Steve responds, mildly confused that Fury’s bringing Stark into their discussion. He thinks back to the stack of file folders in his bedroom and tries to recall the details pertaining to Tony Stark. The first thing that comes to mind is a pleasantly attractive face with elaborate facial hair that should look stupid but somehow doesn't. He starts reciting sparse details listed in the file.
“What?”  Steve tilts his head, as if the motion will clue him in on some crucial detail that he’s missed.
Steve doesn't know how and automated British robot voice manages to sound so judgmental, but JARVIS is definately judging him right now.  “Probably so,” he concedes.  “But just because something’s petty doesn’t mean it’s inconsequential.”  He thinks; it made sense in his head.  “The point is, Tony’s ridiculously competitive, and there’s absolutely no way I can match him on this.  With you on my side, that doesn’t have to be the case.”  He throws in one more for good measure.  “Besides, doesn’t this give you an outlet to vent some of your frustrations with Tony?”
Stark catches her staring.  Her eyes testify to her bone-deep exhaustion and that cut above her eyebrow probably needs stitches.  Still, Stark raises her sandwich, nods her head, and salutes with her surprisingly-savory victory meal, managing to look pull off smug and self-satisfied despite the dirt.
With no time to spare, their lonely little team of three speed quickly toward the alien’s last known location, which, according to Clint, is the Alice in Wonderland at the head of the Conservatory Water.  The same statute which is now, apparently, alive.
Steve’s not the most scientifically minded guy, but he’s got enough instincts to angle the shield so that the oncoming statue-zombies fall in the path of the reflected repulsor beam.  After a few successful hits, he and Iron Man work out an unspoken system, in which Iron Man will send out short bursts of energy as Steve redirects the shield.
As JARVIS takes his silence for acquiescence and pulls up the movie, he realizes an added benefit of rewatching the film.  For the first time, he’s going to experience this thing in full color.  He’d always felt somewhat disappointed that he hadn’t gotten to see the Merry Men decked out in their trademark green; he’d always just taken Buck’s word for it that the colors were very striking.  Now, though, he gets to absorb everything himself.
“No?” Fury queries. “Alright, what’s the name of one movie playing in theatres right now? Who won the Super Bowl last year? Who the fuck are the Kardashians and what the hell do they do?” After a few more moment of silence, Fury goes on. “Rogers, you wouldn’t last five minutes on an undercover op. A kid could probably make you in five minutes. You’re a good man and a hell of a soldier, but I can’t risk putting you to work until I know you won’t put anyone else in danger.”
“So how do we do this?  We’re basically in power tool Candy Land, so we have options.  Personally, I’m torn between chainsaw and welding torch, but I’m open to suggestions.”
She flinches a little at that, and Tony can’t exactly read the look in her eyes.  “Are you, Tony Stark, telling me that you’ve been in a relationship for the past three months, and this is the first I’m hearing about it?”  Her voice raises toward the end of the statement, and now she’s looking at him with the beginnings of her Evil Eye.
To his infinite shock, he actually has a good time, and not only because Steve’s there with him.  Someone out there has crafted the only possible exhibit that would catch his interest: “Picturing Math.”  The assembled pieces were compiled from the Met’s collection of drawings and prints and were meant to demonstrate the way in which 15
And just like that, Tony’s entire mood flips.  He’d thought he’d had a relatively good chance of convincing Steve to go along with his plan, considering Steve’s general willingness to help a friend, but Steve’s yes had turned a pipe dream into a reality.
He’s buttoning up a cufflink when he hears a knock at the door, and isn’t that just great?  He’s spent so long
JARVIS is most likely right.  A month ago he wouldn’t have even known what the Turing test was, must less have referenced it in a conversation.  However, it’s probably impossible to spend 24 hours in Tony’s lab without getting a lecture on the superiority of his artificial intelligence programming and the future of adaptive technology.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, his voice just a tad bit more reserved than before.  “I don’t think we’ve met.”
It takes Steve about two seconds to make up his mind.  He’s just about to answer yes, yes please when a sudden noise catches his attention.
Steve’s eyes travel from Tony’s face back to the belt grinder.  The occasional shower of sparks is fairly indicative of Tony’s state of mind.  “Yes, I can see that.”  He takes one step closer.  “What can I do?”
thinking about Steve straddling the leather and chrome of a Harley and zooming through the streets of Manhattan.
“I’d hope so, since you’re the one who let him into my lab.”  When her eyes stay blank, he elaborates.  “You probably know him as Agent Stalker.”
He walks into Fury’s spacious office and sees the man himself sitting behind a large metal desk. The dark skinned, one-eyed man rises as he enters the room and moves to greet him.
She winces and casts her eyes down toward where their hands rest at her bloodied waist. The light from the arc reactor makes her blood look black on their skins.
Steve calls Natasha the moment he leaves Fury’s office, fearful that if he waited too long, the director would change his mind and rescind his offer.
I’m sure there’s a perfectly good reason that you let some random SHIELD agent down into my lab.   Thinking…thinking…Nope, my mind’s a blank.  In future, please forbid the G-men from invading my personal space.
Instead, he allows himself one last foolish and emotive act.  Ever so slowly, he leans down, bringing his face parallel with Steve’s and presses his lips one last time to Steve’s.
It’s the two Avengers on the couch, though, that draw the bulk of his attention.  He recognizes Tony Stark from the plethora of science journals, press releases, and tabloid covers spread over the last two decades.  It’s only recently that he’s learned to equate the infamous playboy of New York with Iron Man, and hadn’t
It only takes him thirty minutes to find Tony.  Granted, he’s not exactly all that hard to find – an upset Tony is pretty much geared to gravitate toward the lab with all possible speed – but it still takes time to make his way home from the benefit and down into the depths of the basement.
He’s never really seen Tony blush before, but the slight tinge of red on his cheeks is utterly captivating and, more importantly, makes him think he stands a chance.  He rotates just the slightest bit so that his body is squared with Tony’s and forces himself to look the other man in the eye.
“That’s great,” Nat answers after a moment, but her brief hesitation prompts Steve to think a bit deeper about her response.  Or rather, her lack of response.
– throws an arm around his shoulder, and Bruce deliberately works not to flinch it off.  It’s the first touch he’s gotten in a long time that’s both intentional and well-meaning; he thinks he could get used to it.
"Sorry again," Tony says after a few bars of silence. "I have this awful habit of oversharing on dates."
– Oh.  Jarvis, apparently done wondering why they’re loitering outside, has opened the door, which has the unfortunate consequence of causing Steve to tumble back into the house.
There doesn’t seem to be a better way to transition to the whole ‘I know-your-secret’ part of the evening, so Tony allows himself a brief moment of panic before charging full steam ahead.
Steve takes a moment to assess the situation, not sure what it is that’s got Tony flustered.  The lab is fairly dark; the usual screens aren’t pulled up to give off their typical glow.  The only light is coming from the narrow quadrant of the room over Tony’s workspace and the occasional sparks from whatever Tony’s working on.  He can just make out a faint outline of something on the table, but it’s nearly impossible to make out anything in the low light.
Tony thinks nothing of walking through the digital projection that’s just shot down from the ceiling, but it stops Steve short.  “Don’t worry,” he assures the wide-eyed agent, “you can’t hurt it.”  He can see the other man bracing himself, but Steve eventually carries on through the projection without stepping around the images.
outside his door?)  Needless to say, the lack of results and the feeling of being watched all day had him itching for a fight.  Yet once again, the minion didn't live up to his end of the bargain.  Tony had approached the doors with blackout mode still engaged, curious to see what exactly the agent would do after lying in wait for over fourteen hours; as the doors slid open, Rogers’ head perked up, and Tony braced himself for the other man to finally let it all out.  He was secretly looking forward to the all-out scream fest.
“Thank you.  We think it’s beautiful as well.”  Still determined to proceed delicately, he continues speaking in a calm, rational tone.  “Ma’am, could you please stop making the statues move?  They don’t usually do that, and it’s making certain people very uncomfortable.”
“I think so.  But there’s a bit of a debate over whether or not the city should try and recreate the pieces or commission new ones to support new artists.  Certain figures don’t wear well over time.  Tearing the statute down is one battle; rebuilding it is a whole nother issue.”
There's no precedent for this situation. If he — she — were in the armor, he'd clasp her on the shoulder, but that very familiar gesture of comfort seems almost unbearably intimate as he looks down on a closed-eyed Natasha. And flesh is so much warmer than iron.
He recovers himself and straightens into a posture that Steve has long-since learned from experience means trouble. “We make it work.” He raises one gauntleted hand and drones, “These fingers bring Natasha Stark to orgasm on a semi-regular basis.”
“Tony!”  Steve – because apparently Captain America’s cool with disclosing his civilian identity now – cuts in quickly, his face fire-engine red.  The remaining Avengers seem to take no heed of his discomfort; Natasha and Clint exchange a knowing look while Thor just radiates his typical good humor.  Stark looks far too pleased with himself.
“Go ahead and bring them both up on separate screens.   And show me the simulation results while you’re at it.”
“Yeah?” Steve asks. He doesn’t find the confidence as assuring as he assumes his partner means it to be.
"Thanks,” he says in as neutral of tone as possible.  “I know this can't have been much fun for you, but I appreciate it. It was nice to have you around."
“In addition to that, the films will be useful themselves. People just sort of expect you to know a set number of movie tropes.  It’s kind of like a social right of passage.”
Tasha gives one of her faux scandalized gasps. “Captain Rogers! My suit is a piece of highly-specialized technical equipment. It is not,” she smirks, “your personal Hitachi.”
And there it is.  Trust a computer program to hone in on his deepest insecurity.  Despite the fact that the answer may not be to his liking, he can’t stop himself from asking –
scientist. There are maybe three or four people in the world capable of matching Stark on an intellectual level, but none of them have been able to channel their brainpower the way Stark has. More to the point, he’s an engineer, a mechanic, an inventor, a programmer – you name it, and Tony Stark can do it. And, if for some reason, there’s something he doesn’t know that he thinks will be useful, he’ll internalize an entire field of study within a 24-hour period. He’s just that good.”
“Good thing you’re putting a ring on it then.” She stretches for a moment before wrapping her arms around her pillow, and just for a moment Steve can see the tell-tale flash of bluish-white shining from her chest.
After successfully finishing off Daniel Webster and Mother Goose, Steve allows himself a breath and takes a look around the courtyard.  The plaza is blissfully clear of advancing statuary, both historic and fictitious.
His aim is true; unless there are extenuating circumstances, it usually is.  However, instead of careening into the creature as it should, the shield stops just a few feet in front of it, dropping to the ground with a useless clatter.
He quickly racks his brain for what he’s supposed to do.  It’s supremely ironic that the experiences he’s tried so hard to forget are the ones he’s desperately in need of at the moment.  Trying to remain as objective as possible, he starts speaking in what’s hopefully a comforting tone.  “It’s all right Steve.  You’re safe.  You’re in New York, in Manhattan, in Stark Tower and everything’s safe.”  The soft, soothing voice sounds strange coming out of his mouth, but he keeps going.  “Listen to me, Steve.  Focus on my voice.  Breathe.  Deep breaths, in and out.  Can you do that for me?  Can you breathe with me, Steve?”
Steve is speaking as soon as the doors open. “Iron Man! What happened? Where’s Natasha?” Steve cannot think of a single reason aside from the worst that Iron Man would have returned to the tower without Natasha, and the thought makes his blood run cold.
Fury reaches behind his desk and pulls a small, rectangular object out of a slot on his computer. He holds it up with two fingers, looking pointedly at Steve.
“JARVIS,” he begins in the most innocent sounding tone possible, “would you be willing to help me pull one over on Tony?”
“Go on then,” she urges. “See you in a bit. I’ll be the one in front wearing a familiar little red and gold number.”
Steve frowns.  “Just the one?  How did they manage to wipe out the entire city’s electrical power grid?”
to look away — This is an intimacy that does not belong to him — but his eyes remain unwittingly affixed to the figure on the bed.
“You almost died!  You fell out of the sky.”  Steve vividly remembers that day pressing against the motionless suit, trying to find a way to pry apart the armor in order to check on the man inside.  That man was
Steph gives herself a moment, closes her book, and heads toward her room.  Once she knows the other woman’s out of hearing range, she answers back.
“Nothing,” he reaffirms.  It only takes him a few blinks to break.  “Nothing business related.  I’m just texting Steve.”
True to form, Tony’s made a beeline for his tech haven, not every bothering to change out of his suit.  Steve can vaguely make out his jacket thrown over the back of a chair and the loosened bow tie around Tony’s neck; it looks as if comfort comes second to Tony's need to occupy his hands.  He’s currently bent over some extremely complex piece of equipment with a soldering tool clasped in his left fist.
, well, they’re holding each other, really.   It's a good thing that his face is overlooking Steve’s shoulder, since it probably gives away far more than he can ever say.
He acknowledges this, even as he stumbles down the hallway and blatantly ignores Natasha’s voice calling out for him to stop.
“And you listen to everything that goes on down here?”  He’s still trying to pretend that freak him out.  Might as well use it to his advantage though.
If she wasn’t floating in midair and staring at an animated sculpture she would have had a hard time pinpointing her as an alien.  With her flowing white dress and loose blonde hair, she looks a bit like the pictures of the “Flower Children” that Tony had shown him.  He just hopes she’s on board with the whole “Peace and Love” message.
It’s been staring him in the face the entire time. Iron Man’s not here guarding the woman he’s bound to protect. Natasha Stark preferred not to mingle with the team she funded. Iron Man and Natasha had been "together" forever, but Steve’s never suspected his friend of a being in a relationship.
Tony spins, and sure enough, Dum-E has gradually snuck up behind him as he and Steve have been talking.  He’s not quite sure if what his robot’s doing can be called eavesdropping, since Dum-E doesn’t have ears, but the bot’s definitely picking up stalkerish tendencies from Steve.
Steve stares.  “I’m not sure how much clearer I can be,” he says, as if it’s remotely reasonable to go around without a decent phone or a laptop.
Tony’s slightly confused when he reaches the conference room.  Sure, he’s not exactly sure what this meeting’s supposed to be about, but he’s pretty sure he’s never seen the guy sitting alone at the conference room table before.  He
At least Natasha seems to be on the same page. “Just temporarily though,” she insists, “not a complete stop. More of a pause really.” She stares at his lips as she says it and it is infinitely distracting.
a couple of weeks ago, for Christ’s sake.  And Steve is not allowed to use Harrison against him.  That’s just untold levels of cheating.  Plus it makes it hard to stay mad at him.
Sometimes the future is very strange.  “I doubt it’ll top Errol Flynn,” he says somewhat testily to himself.”
It’s not until Natasha shifts that he catches sight of the blue uniform.  Steve’s form is almost indiscernible against the pavement, and it certainly doesn’t help that he’s lying down...
Whatever he was envisioning, the reality is distinctly worse.  The sculptures weren’t fashioned in the most realistic style, but they’re
His guess is immediately validated when Natasha briskly jumps out of the driver’s seat and Clint and Thor emerge from the side doors.  Thor’s appearance is a bit of a surprise, since Steve assumes he would have flown, but he’s so happy to see the man that he’s not about to question his travel choices.  More importantly, he’s particularly excited to see the shield in Thor’s hands.
“The supporting actor? Total dickhead. I’d come across him every once in a while when SI was stationed out in California and I couldn’t stand to be in the same room with him for very long. It takes him less than five minutes to mentioned the one Emmy award he was nominated for back in 1998.”
Surprisingly, it’s Iron Man who answers.  “Thor,” he says, with a nod of his helmeted head.  “Nice of you to show up.”
Fuck, was it all a lie?  What the hell was SHIELD trying to prove, sending Captain America in as the SI liaison?  Fury, the damn son of a bitch, knows full and well that he’s Iron Man.  So does Romanoff, come to think of it.  Has Steve just been laughing at him this whole time and playing the clueless idiot just to get into his good graces?  And if so, why?  He hasn’t touched the Helicarrier plans in over a month, so it’s not as if Steve’s helping to promote SHIELD’s cause.  They haven’t even discussed SHIELD in weeks, in between the pizza and the music and the quasi-flirtatious back and forth.  What the hell was Steve even doing?!
I doubt you wanted us smearing that all over SHIELD headquarters.  Not to mention the fact that it was disgusting and got
“No, no, it’s nothing like that.”  Pepper glares at him as if she expects him to continue speaking, and he knows that he’s not going to be able to dodge this one.  In lieu of lying to Pepper - the woman
Over the last couple of years, he’s learned to accept the waves of praise and criticism that come with being Iron Man.  Depending on the fickle will of the media, he takes the accolades as they come while trying to ignore the criticism, knowing that at the end of the day his alter ego is doing more good than harm.  No one has ever shifted any of the praise toward him.  At best, he’s a skilled mechanic whose invented another weapon.  At worst...well, the term war monger gets thrown around a lot.
Tony glances towards Clint’s direction, assumedly zooming in on the archer.  “We’re hedging our bets on the guy with the bow and arrow?
Steve watches in horror as the screen shifts to grainy cell phone footage. Natasha’s heads up a group of black-suited figures walking down a flight of stairs. Iron Man flanks her right, and she’s talking to someone Steve vaguely recognizes as a senator from Nevada. The gunshots sound soft and tinny on the bad recording, but seconds later Natasha gives a grotesque jerk and staggers backward. From then on, it’s chaos. The camera waivers, the filmer obviously ducking for cover, and Natasha and her entourage fall out of the frame. Steve nearly pounds the television, as if venting his frustration on this screen will somehow chastise the other into focus, but the remaining fifteen seconds of footage only manage to capture a few images in which a streak of red wraps his arms around an unresponsive Natasha and takes them both airborne.
He’s just about to give himself points for effort and head back up when the doors open and Natasha walks out.
reading list, writing (drawing?) something in his notebook, and doing various bodyweight exercises.  Bodyweight.  Exercises.  (The first time he’d caught his least favorite SHIELD agent doing pushups, he’d nearly dropped his blowtorch.  He felt slightly guilty for stopping and watching Rogers’ five-minute set, but, well, he’s only human.  Besides, people who don't want to be spied on during their workout routines shouldn’t conduct said workout routine in the middle of a stakeout.)
It seems that way, at least at first.  Natasha releases the video feed from her HUD and walks every late night talk show host through the attack, moment-by-moment.  She makes a million different pop cultural references that Steph can’t grasp fully but assumes are irreverent nonetheless.  She flirts and with the same breath turns around and explains how luck the city was to have Dr. Banner, since even she wasn’t capable of truly understanding the Tesseract’s gamma signature (which Steph
“You know, usually I’d deflect that question, but your spot-on cultural reference deserves a reward.” He waits a moment before continuing. “I don’t need the helmet.”
“People shouldn’t be valorized simply for doing the right thing,” he stares off into the distance for a moment before comes back to the present.  “Besides, what if it all happens again?  Someone comes back, brings these things to life again, I’d hate to see the damage a ten-foot-tall indestructible Natasha could inflict.”
And just like that, the process of spreading cream cheese with a cheap plastic knife seems fundamentally less important.  He tries to keep his voice level as he replies, “Are we talking bike as in bicycle or bike as in…”
And, in spite of his personal feelings about her, there’s no denying that Natasha is beautiful. He’s always known that much, even without having it so blatantly confirmed this morning. It’s all too easy to see how someone could be attracted to a woman who looks…like that. And she’d be passionate, he could guess that much. Even someone with only a surface knowledge of her personality knew that she was never still or silent. No, she’d give as good as she got. Besides, he really couldn’t see Shellhead accepting anything less in a partner. He’d want someone who could match him, someone who could push him to the edge just so they could tumble over it together.
He continues on, trying to make his admittedly thin excuse seem legitimate.  He channels Mrs. Jankowski and continues.  “I know it’s strange, but Nana was terrified of having newfangled contraptions in her house, and she was afraid radio waves were going to mess with her brain, so I wasn’t allowed to listen to music or watch television all that much.”  Or, you know, at all.  He sees the waves of incomprehension fade from Tony’s face to give way to something more aggressive.
Steve’s smile is just barely visible in the porch light. "It wasn't any kind of hardship.  Best fake date I've ever been on."
Not that Iron Man’s been needed in the past few weeks.  Turns out, metal man has all the fun while Tony Stark gets stuck on cleanup duty.  Sure, he helped save the world, but no one ever mentioned what a long and drawn out ordeal the reconstruction would be.
For a moment, he doesn’t understand exactly what’s going on, since he’s pretty sure the Iron Man suit are housed in the basement, but after a few seconds he hears the noise that sounds awfully like repulsor blasts.  The next moment, a section of the floor slides aside to reveal some sort of tunnel, and a flash of red whizzes by him and latches firmly onto Tony’s. Various other crimson and gold pieces follow, all buzzing by and attaching to some part of Tony; within seconds the other man is encased in the Iron Man suit, although he this one has a few upgrades he hasn’t seen before.
Something inside of Steve twists at Thor’s words.  While it’s somewhat comforting to know that they won’t be facing off against their latest adversary and her animated statuary anytime soon, Thor’s justification of her presence is deeply disturbing.  The galaxy knows about earth and, apparently, thinks it’s a suitable planet to visit.  More than that, the woman they’ve just fought, who or whatever she is, can be evaluated in terms of decades.  Despite the Avengers’ recent victory, he can’t help but feel that they are only specs of sand bracing themselves against the fury of a tide they can’t hope to halt.
, since his first lab-confrontation with Rogers, and neither have them have accomplished anything.  He’s still trying to hammer out the fine points of portable cold fusion devices and Rogers is – good Lord, the man is doing burpees.  Apparently, Steve Rogers hasn’t gotten the memo that those things are Satan’s hiccups, because he’s jumping around the hallway like that level of physical activity is remotely enjoyable.  The man is seriously disturbed.
“The hospital in Manhattan?” Steve asks, not quite understanding the connection.  Is Stark trying to develop some sort of medical device?
“Natasha — “ Her first name still feels wrong in his mouth. He’s mentally called her “Ms. Stark” for so long that the shape of her given name feels odd in his mouth.
“Steve…” She struggles for a moment, but then her voice trails away. Steve waits for something, anything, that will clue him into what’s going on in her head and let him know if the friendship he’s cultivated for so long is about to plummet off a precipice or shift into something more profound.
But Stark…Stark changes things. Natasha Stark isn’t some random fangirl or a grateful New Yorker. She’s their benefactor. She’s the brain and the muscles behind most of their tech. She’s Iron Man’s boss and the woman behind his suit.
He doesn’t really understand the question; Tony’s never had an issue with self-esteem before, so his train of thought makes no sense.  Still, if he needs to hear it...
Dum-E inches forward, soothed by the soft tone of Steve’s voice, and it’s all Tony can do not to stare.  The bot slowly approaches Steve’s outstretched hand but stops just a few inches short of making contact.  Steve waits.  He wiggles his fist, as if to draw attention to it, but otherwise stays still, as if not to spook Dum-E.  After a moment, Dum-E lifts himself slightly by straightening his top hinge, and his pincer briefly brushes the underside of Steve’s hand.
and still cares for him despite the fact that he’s lied about his double life for months.  Of course, apparently Tony’s been doing the exact same thing, but they can figure all that out later.  Right now, all he cares about is Tony, the way his lips feel on top of his own and the weight of the other man on top of him.
“Look,” he barks, in no mood to listen to the latest spiel, “I don’t know what Fury told you, but the answer’s still the same.  I’ll get to the Helicarrier designs when I get to them, and I’m not going to change my mind, no matter how many agents he sends me.”
“Damn straight.”  Tony takes a moment to gather himself, secretly amused by events but still determined to swipe that – thing – away from Dum-E when Steve’s not looking.
Her lips taste faintly salty from the tears that escaped during the last bits of their conversation, and he can still smell a hint of antiseptic on her skin. Their kiss is desperate and it’s rough and it takes him a few seconds to get into it but god it’s exactly what he’d never know to ask for but now can’t imagine existing without.
“Nat, if there’s anything about this century that’s overwhelming, it’s being so out of touch with everything!”  He jerks the strap of his messenger bag over his shoulder harder than necessary, and his face presses into the phone’s touch screen.
After over a decade of pining over Steve, he’s about to do the unthinkable and ask him out.  Well, not
“Aah aah ah, shush,” Tony replies not listening to Steve in the slightest.  “Tell them it’s a rush, please.”  Just then, a thought crosses his mind, and he turns again to Steve.  “On second thought, we might have a bigger problem.  What make and model of laptop did they give you?”
“Really?”  Clint’s voice hits the perfect balance between interested and aloof; if Steve wants to keep going, he’s more than open to listening, but he’s not prying.  Steve can appreciate that, and it makes him keep talking.”
Given the sheer volume of things in the room, it takes him a moment to locate Stark, but finally he catches sight of the inventor fiddling with some sort of hologram.  His hands flash quickly, causing the floating blue images to expand and contract with the pinch of his fingers.  It takes a moment for Steve to break away from the sight, but eventually he moves toward what he assumes are sliding doors and knocks on the glass.
Tasha looks remarkably smug lounging against the pillows. “Anyway, it’s only fitting that a certain suit makes an appearance. You and that armor have chemistry, and we’ve both been pretty much married to it for five years anyway. Might as well formalize the relationship.”
That’s comforting.  And it’s not as if she expected Tasha to be anything less than understanding given her own…flexibility.  The problem is, Steph’s beginning to suspect she might want to do more than ‘talk’ with Tasha.
Well, JARVIS would know.  He’s the person...guy...thing...entity Tony seems to argue with the most.  Which, come to think of it, probably means he has a fairly accurate insight into Tony’s mindset.
Tony looks at him strangely, and Steve immediately wonders where he’s gone wrong.  “As much as I’d like to take credit for digital news,” he begins slowly, “that’s not really my doing.  That’s been around for...well, forever.”
The silence is deafening.  Now that Steve is here, Tony doesn't exactly know what they’re supposed to be doing.  Letting Steve join him in the lab sounded all well and good, but it’s somewhat awkward now that he’s standing here.
It stands to reason that the one time he’s actually enjoying being Steve, everything goes to hell in a handbasket and Captain America has to suit up.  It’s nice to be needed, he guesses, but someone really needs to talk to criminals about their timing.  If Loki has somehow made his way off Asgard, he’s done, no matter what Thor has to say about it.
“This – thing – that’s going on between me and Tony.  Do you get the impression that it’s something he wants?”
Shellhead’s digitized laughter crystalizes to his extreme mortification. “Or what, Steve?” he chokes out through gasps for far longer than Steve thinks is actually funny. The noises from the suit sound as if the man inside is hyperventilating, and Iron Man even swipes at his faceplate as if he’s wiping away tears. Habit probably.
He wraps his right hand around the trunk of the ficus and braces his left on the side of the pot.  Lifting the entire unit over his head, he heaves the metal base at one of the glass panels, hoping he breaks through in time to stop whatever’s going on.  The glass doesn’t shatter on the first hit, but he can glimpse tiny spider fractures around the impact zone.  It figures that Stark would reinforce the walls of his workspace, but that security feature isn’t particularly helpful under these circumstances.  He raises the pot again, putting all of his energy into the swing, and this time the glass explodes with a crystalline screech.  He immediately jumps through the hole in the glass as his eyes start scanning the room for potential threats.  The smell of smoke reaches his nose and he can see small plumes rising from a corner in the room   He runs toward the smog.
“If we’re going to do this, we might as well have a view.  Drink?”  For lack of a better option, Steve takes the glass but doesn’t drink.
At least Steve seems to be considering it.  The hurt, puppy dog look he’d sported a moment ago slowly transitions into something a bit less wounded.  “No,” he answers, “I'd love to."
That’s why this business trip is probably coming at a good time.  Until Pepper’s email (and JARVIS’ four reminders), he’d completely forgotten that he was scheduled to go and negotiate with staff in Beijing.  The timing’s inconvenient, and it totally throws a wrench in his current workflow, but maybe the distance will be helpful in sorting out what exactly Steve is to him.  He can’t exactly trust his better judgment when he’s around the man.  Space is good.  Space means clarity.
getting ready that he’s late for his very first non-date with Steve.  Mentally cursing, he makes his way to the door.  He is nowhere near prepared for what’s on the other side.
willing to cross for his country, and trading sexual favors for financial benefits has always been a hard limit.
“Don’t mention it.”  It takes him a moment to remember exactly what he was doing before Steve walked in and started causing problems, but eventually he remembers the Isotope Issue that’s dominated his brain for the past month.  “I really do have to work, but let’s get you set up.”
Steve ducks his chin, eyes once more turning back to the floor as if he couldn’t bear to meet Tony’s eyes.  As his head tilted down, his hands slowly came up as he gestures back and forth between the two of them.  "I've seen who you take to these shindigs, Tony,” he starts, his voice hesitant.  “I'm a little less... feminine... than your usual date."
He’s so distracted by the animated bronze rabbit that it takes him a minute to notice the woman hovering two feet above one of the mushrooms.  It says something about the state of his day that the levitating woman barely phases him.
Steve rotates a bit to look at him, but Tony can feel the muscles flex up in his arm.  “Natasha” he asks, voice equally calm.  “Yeah, she mentioned something like that.”
“I’m specially trained to look past what people want me to see,” she’d said, “and, no offense Cap, the cowl’s not that great of a disguise.”
Tony on the other hand, seems to know perfectly well what’s going on.  “If we’re going to do this, we’re doing it right.  I’m taking you out.  Dinner, movie.  All the stereotypical first datey things.”  His hands give an awkward little wave over the last part, as if the aforementioned ‘things’ could be summed up with superfluous fluttering.
“Never really goes away does it?”  Although if you’re really lucky, something even more terrible will come along to displace the bad memories.  There’s nothing like a wormhole to crowd out terrorists.  It’s so nice to have variety in your panic attacks.
First and foremost, he should have knocked. He usually does out of deference to Shellhead’s privacy and in his defense, he’d fully expected the room to be empty. He wasn’t expecting Iron Man back from California until later this morning, and since he hadn’t told Steve about any change in his plans, Steve had felt comfortable enough to make his way upstairs with the morning paper’s scathing review of the latest Hammer tech. He’d figured it would make a nice welcome home surprise for his friend. Turns out, Steve was the one who was in for a surprise, because that is undoubtedly one Natasha Antonia Stark sprawled face-down on Iron Man’s bed, her arms cradling a pillow, her dark hair fanned out over her back, and her body gentling stirring to consciousness. He wants, he
It takes a shorter amount of time than Steve expects for Iron Man to make his way back down to the room, but his speed soothes a petty part of Steve’s soul.
An hour later, Steve has completely changed his tune.  The internet is a beautiful, wonderful invention that is quickly becoming one of his favorite things about the twenty-first century.
Tony pulls back slightly when he senses they’ve stopped moving, and he raises one eyebrow in question, wordlessly seeking for permission to keep going.  Steve flashes him a small if somewhat nervous smile, and that’s all it takes.  Tony braces both hands against his chest and
Iron Man straightens and walks towards him. “Cap, it’s really not that big of a deal. We’re all adults here.”
“Most certainly not!” JARVIS insists, and it’s all Tony can do to repress a snort.  His favorite AI butler isn’t going to respond well to that comparison.  “Dum-E is a robotic entity with a concrete physical form and rather limited processing facilities,” JARVIS continues.  “His primary function is to assist Mr. Stark during hardware construction.  While I do not occupy a physical form, my computing powers are exponentially more advanced, and I am consequently capable of conducting a vast array of functions.”
Natasha does not seem impressed. “I’m sure. Well, Steve and I have had a great time without you, and it’s getting late so I’m going to turn in. Why don’t you walk me to the elevator?” It's not a suggestion.
The thing is, Tony very rarely goes into hardware mode.  Sure, when he needs something built, he most likely will end up doing it himself, but the hardware phase is pretty much always preceded by days’ worth of calculation and digital simulations.  The man spends much more time manipulating holographs than working with physical materials.  On the rare occasions that he does break out the power tools, Steve knows he’s in for a treat.  Tony approaches any sort of mechanically based activity with a startling intensity, his usual manic energy transformed into meticulous concentration.  The hands that gesture so wildly when Tony speaks become finely calibrated instruments of creation as the inventor painstakingly navigates his way between one delicate wire and the next.  At times like those, Tony’s energy is magnetic and no less powerful for being contained.
At times like these, he’s grateful for the suit.  Encased in armor like he is, no one can see him shaking, either from nerves or exhaustion or both.
Natasha Romanov terrifies him, but he’s okay with that.  Only fools are unafraid of the Black Widow.
, Tony.  No power napping, no phone calls, and no secretly working on your StarkPad when you’re supposed to be resting.”
It’s Natasha’s house, and Steph is a guest.  She reminds herself of this whenever Natasha makes her feel like pulling out her hair, which is an all-too-frequent occurrence.  The woman leaves coffee cups all over the place, can’t keep shoes on for more than thirty minutes at a time, and has never heard the word ‘schedule’ in her life, much less thought of following one.  If she had, Pepper would be a lot less stressed out and Natasha would actually
Everyone’s heads swivel towards them as the elevator doors swing shut.  No one immediately stands up to meet them, but the captain straightens and Tony’s eyebrows raise.
It’s immediately apparent when he hits 58th that something is wrong.  If the relentless flash of red and blue police lights didn’t make it clear enough, the parade of taxis zooming in the opposite direction makes the chaos waiting ahead self-evident.  Even the horse draw carriages that traditionally haunt the park are fleeing in the other way, the horses wide-eyed in fear.  He weaves through the onslaught of incoming traffic and speeds onward.
To be honest, he sort of preferred the discretion.  The only people in his life who truly mattered to him, loved him for who he was. Which was always more than enough and the relative anonymity allowed him a modicum of freedom during his personal time.  With the cowl, he could be Captain America, the soldier his country needed; without it, he could still be Steve, a normal guy from Brooklyn.  His body might’ve belonged to the US government, but his face has always been his own.
Even moving as quickly as he can, it still takes time to climb the seemingly endless flights of stairs.  All he can do is listen in at the comlink, hoping Tony and Thor can handle everything until he gets to the roof
“Mr. Stark sends his apologies, Dr. Banner.  He would have met you at the airport himself, but he was unfortunately detained by the arrival of an unidentified alien species.”
mindset is predicated on the belief that time is short and the end is near, so your stupid decisions in the present are totally justified.”  Tony’s voice drops, and he begins droning away in smooth, rolling syllables.
“Certainly, ma’am. Have a nice evening.” JARVIS’s voice blips out and somehow leaves the room emptier despite having a physical body.
Tony should probably stop sniggering, but the situation is too hilarious for words.  Captain America can simultaneously hold a map New York City in his head and coordinate advanced tactical maneuvers, but he can’t handle a simple box step.
, and it’s not as if the movie’s going to overlook that fact.  Sinking equals water and drowning and pieces of broken furniture disappearing under the waves.  Yup, he definitely should have thought it through.
“Not as impossible as you might think,” Tony assures him, and Steve mentally starts tracking everything he’s ever known about his armored teammate.  When he finally adds up all of the pieces, he turns back to Tony, shaken by the huge secret that’s been under his nose all along.
After Howard died, Tony reluctantly took over his yearly arctic fishing expedition.  He’s read the transcripts from the crash, knows all about the raincheck that never got cashed, and he’s pretty sure he knows exactly what’s running through Steve’s head right now.
Tony looks him straight in the eye, his former disbelief giving way to something harder and more resolute.  “Okay, to recap, you’re pretty much clueless about anything that’s gone on in the normal world over the last couple of decades?  No television, no movies, no tech outside of whatever second rate things the military chose to throw at you?”
“Tony…”  Natasha’s voice answers back hesitantly, and he’s never heard Black Widow sound that soft before.  “You’d better get down here.”
Turns out, he won’t have to.  One moment, he catches a brief flash of blue in the corner of his eye, and the next he feels a rough pair of hands pushing him to the side.  He rotates as he hits the ground, both to mediate the impact and to look back at whatever’s going on behind him.
“Hi,” he starts.  “I’m Steve.  I think we got off on the wrong foot the other day.  You’re Dum-E, right?”  His bot whistles in reply.  “I didn’t mean to scare you,” Steve continues, “I just heard a loud noise and thought someone could be in trouble.  I didn’t know that you were a friend.  Could we start over?”
Tony reaches for a pair of headphones that he’d set on the couch before Steve got here.  “Fair warning, it gets sort of loud in here.  You should be able to hear the audio through these.  You can also hear JARVIS through the earpieces, so if you have any questions feel free to ask him.  As for me, I’ve got to work.”
“That’s the one.  Please do your country a service and go feed the man.  And if you can, convince one of your buddies with the shrimp to do the same.”  There’s barely enough food at these events for a regular person, but it must be terrible for someone with Steve’s metabolism.
Tony’s frustration immediately fades to concern as he looks over to Steve.  Steve usually shifts into a state of relaxation when he’s in movie mode.  Not so now.  His face is a sickly looking white, and he’s currently curled in on himself as if he’s in physical pain.  Within seconds, Tony is at his side.
Steve took far too many blows to the head for Tony’s piece of mind.  The man may be Captain America - damn, that’s weird - but he’s not invulnerable.  Probably.
Natasha’s lost her blazer somewhere between the press conference and the tower, and Steve can see an alarming smear of red spreading low on her left side. “Where were you hit?” he asks in a voice that he hopes masks his internal panic. He couches down beside her and starts to lift the hem of her shirt. At the level of the bloodstain on her torso, she could be looking at a punctured lung or intestines.
Tony’s shoulders drop, and his hands come down to his side.  “I know you do,” he answers, his voice barely audible in the expanse of the lab.  After a moment of painfully tense silence, Tony gestures to the bag that Steve’s been clutching all this time.  “Is that food?”
“It’s five o’clock somewhere,” he shrugs, crossing to pour himself a brandy.  When he turns back around, the other man looks somewhat disapproving, his eyes shifting back and forth between Tony’s face and the tumbler.
True, sitting outside of Stark’s lab and wondering what’s going on inside isn’t the most thrilling activity, but it’s not as if he has any other pressing engagements.  He’s pretty much doing the same thing that he’s done for the past month – trying to catch up on the world – only he’s doing it in the depths of Stark Tower rather than in his tiny apartment on the upper floors of SHIELD’s New York headquarters.  The view’s not great and he misses his morning runs, but the boredom is actually fairly manageable.
He opens up the line to the comlink.  “Um, guys, who moved the party?  I just dropped the world's most elaborate sparkler, and I’m sort of feeling underappreciated.”
Just as he makes his way to the garage, his phone starts ringing.  He answers immediately when he sees Natasha’s contact info flash over his screen.
In a funny way, it’s as if he’s been training his entire life for this moment.  When he was eight years old, he had to spend almost two months in bed with a bad case of whooping cough, and the rest of his pre-serum life was speckled with frequent bouts of bedrest.  Not to mention, he was in the army; the United States Army is known for many things, but efficiency is not one of them.  Their official motto might read “This We Defend,” but it might as well be “Hurry Up and Wait” considering the ratio of action to downtime.  Boredom is and always has been part of his daily existence, so staring at the blacked-out walls of Stark’s laboratory isn’t the worst fate he can imagine.  Steve’s framing this as a protracted stakeout mission with the potential of a large payout at the end.
to his list of things to ask JARVIS before replying.  “Nothing.  We’re just trying to figure out what we want to do for lunch.”
“What if I don’t know how?” he asks, his voice the most vulnerable it’s been since the interview started.
“What Clint means to say,” Natasha cuts in, “is that he has a terrible sense of humor, and he’s very sorry for implying anything inappropriate.”
“Umm, thanks Thor.”  After all, he’s not exactly in the position to critique someone for their questionable grasp of sarcasm.  He appreciates the sentiment.
“Use that super soldier brain of yours to figure it out,” Nat replies with a smirk.  “I’m curious, though.  What exactly did Stark say about not wanting to build the Helicarriers?”
Funny thing is, “home” isn’t his crappy SHIELD apartment.  Despite the crapshoot of a day he’s just had and surviving his second alien invasion, all he wants to do is make his way to a basement in Manhattan and listen to the clicks and whirls of technical gadgetry.  The person responsible for making those clicks and whirls also holds a certain level of appeal.
“She’s probably just looking out for you,” Steve insists, grateful that at least one other person is attentive to Tony’s behavior.  He doubts, though, that she’s any more successful than he is at modifying Tony’s bad habits.
It only takes Ana a couple of seconds to do something that would have take him several minutes with a phone book and a map.  “Getting directions to bagels in your area.”
He’s pretty sure he’s making headway.  Each day when he meets Stark at the bottom of the stairs, the businessman’s eyes get a bit tighter, and his
He places his hand on Steve’s lower back and draws them closer together, feeling the muscles in Steve’s back twitch underneath his palm, most likely still tense from Tony’s latest verbal snafu.  He tries to keep his voice light, murmuring softly for Steve to relax and follow his lead.  Applying slight pressure, he guides Steve’s feet backwards and pulls his waist in closer, so that they’re almost cheek to cheek.  The hairs on his cheek vibrate with the near contact.
instead of swiping one of Steph’s protein bars on the way to her next meeting.  (She’s started buying those bars in bulk, because Tasha’s tiny enough as it is without missing meals.  And it’s her job to see to her teammates’ wellbeing.)  And Tasha has every right to walk around her own home wearing whatever she wants, because it is not Steph’s place to judge.  (Although she’s pretty sure cotton tanks were thicker in her day.  With higher necklines.)  Tasha is a grown woman and so is Steph.  They can get along like reasonable adults.  Colleagues.  Friendly acquaintances and coincidental roommates.  It’s fine.
“You’re fine,” Tony cuts in quickly as he steps into the room, stripping off his jacket as he makes his way inside.  “I can’t count how many times I’ve fallen asleep on that sofa.”
Steve understands the situation all too well, because it’s his reality too, and the thought of that reality being compromised is tearing him up inside. “And is it?” he posits. “Ruined?”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” he blurts out, with just a tinge of the anger that Steve’s been expecting this entire time.  He quickly tosses back the remaining liquid in his glass and exhales sharply.  When he looks back up, his always-expressive eyes are remarkably vulnerable, and this, Steve knows, this is the pivot point.
Slightly embarrassed, Steve reaches to pluck his phone from Clint’s hands.  “No, that was Tony actually.  He gave me an SI prototype, since he disapproved of the model SHIELD gave me.”  That was probably an understatement.
Tony continues.  “And we’d probably better add some Disney to your repertoire, because at some point someone’s going to hoist a cat into the air while screeching random syllables, and you’re not going to know what’s going on.”
“Probably.”  Steve can’t stop the slight smirk that comes to his face.  “But when have we ever done things the usual way?
“Look, Steve, I’ve gotta know,” he starts.  “This whole thing – you coming here, worming your way into my good graces and asking me out – that’s not a SHIELD thing, right?”
“Are you suggesting that I provide you with relevant gifs to exchange with Sir?  Forgive me, Agent Rogers, but that does seem a bit trivial.”
“And what’s so optimistic about thinking two people can sit down and have a calm, rational conversation?”
In previous years, his trips to the Stark International branches had been wild.  Everyone went all-out to impress the boss, particularly when said boss was making decisions about fiscal expenditures.  Things have gotten slightly less riotous since he’d come back from Afghanistan, but he can still usually count on foreign trips to a be a distraction from the daily grind.
is not the way to go about it.  That’s the surest way to give yourself a migraine as your brain slowly rots away.  If you want to understand the world, you have to
He didn’t know a river could have veins.  Sure, he’s just recently discovered that the water is absolutely beautiful, but he had no idea that the water itself could have a heartbeat and a living pulse.  That all changes the moment the creature hits the water.  One last electric pulse illuminates the entire bay, flooding the river with all of the light and energy that’s been drained from the city.  It’s beautiful, in a macabre sort of way, if only for the conclusion it represents.
He arrives at the little group just in time to keep a ten-foot granite statue in knee britches from backhanding Clint.  Using his shield as a club, he drives the edge into the sculpture’s neck, and the head breaks off with an almost comic crack.
Steve’s eyes narrow, and a slight wrinkle appears between his eyebrows.  “Mr. Stark, you agreed to design and build Helicarriers for SHIELD.  Your contract with – ”
Steve seems to be thinking along those same lines.  “So,” he starts awkwardly, “what happens now?  Should I go wait outside?”
“Not here,” Tony cuts in.  This is not a conversation that they need to have in public, particularly while Steve is performing inhuman feats of strength.  “Just put that thing down before anyone sees.”
He knows this is probably going to cause a slew of problems.  Fury is going live up to his name and start angrily questioning his sanity, not to mention what Nat and Clint are bound to say.  Remarkably, though, he finds he doesn’t really care about that.  All he knows is that he’s been
“I’ll leave you to it,” Iron Man answers.  “I’m only here on retainer.”  The brief whirl of the repulsors is all the warning they get before Iron Man jets into the sky, a streak of crimson against blue.  Though Steve wishes he had stuck around longer, he can understand the armored man’s plight; he’d nearly died to stop the world from an alien invasion, yet only a few months later he’s being forced to defend it from the exact same thing.  Steve can sympathize; the comparison doesn’t inspire leniency.
It’s possible that his frustration has more to do with his own issues than with Stark himself.  He finally gets assigned something to do – admittedly not the most exciting thing, but a
He stares straight at the other man as he starts speaking to JARVIS, all the while questioning Steve’s sanity.  “J, just put me through to R&D.  I need to handle this one myself.”
Steve chooses to ignore that.  “I think we can both agree that our last meeting did not go according to plan.  What I want to know is, what can I do to convince you to revisit your construction plans?”
“That’s his first name,” Natasha rejoins.  “Very few people actually get to call him that to his face, and an even fewer number of people would call him a friend.  And I know of no one that actually has been invited to spend time in his personal lab.”
Eager to get away from the horrors of uniforms past, Steve tries to drag the conversation back on topic. “Hard to imagine you have much time to keep current with tv shows.”
Hmm, apparently it is possible to shut the other woman up with the right incentive.  Steph keeps her hand along the other woman’s face, rubbing her thumb back and forth along the ridge of one cheekbone.  Tasha’s eyes widen notably but she doesn’t pull away, and Steph allows herself to smile.  That, out of everything, prompts Tasha to action.
That very well may be the first time the word ‘domestic’ has ever been applied to him; for lack of a good response, he glares and remains silent.
Rogers had the gall to look somewhat chagrined before he’d started speaking.  “I was hoping this was a better time to talk.”
”  Somewhat shocked to hear the dead language coming out of Tony’s mouth, Steve desperately starts wracking his brain for his pre-serum memories of Latin.
“I believe so, Sir.  The suit will need extensive repairs once you return home, but you should be good in the meantime.”
Tony immediately files that image away in the section of his brain labeled “Things We Do Not Think About.”  He is
“Yeah, it’s good as new.”  Tony drags a barstool from a nearby counter over to where Steve is sitting.  “Sorry about the wait.  I wanted to make sure they were installing the right type of glass, since that last pane broke so easily.  Those doors
The silence settles between them long enough that it’s reached the awkward stage Steve had been dreading, but it seems rude to leave after such a brief conversation.
Right, because he’s a SHIELD agent.  Okay, he can do this.  It’s perfectly natural to be concerned about his work colleagues, right?  Besides, he’s already admitted that he was at the park.  He just neglected to mention that he was there in red and blue spandex.
“Pretty much doing what we usually do.”  When the other man’s eyebrows fold in, Steve goes on the defense before Clint can get a word in.  “Look, Tony’s just really busy alright?  He’s got this major project he’s working on, and he doesn’t really have time for an active social life.”
Thor reaches out and places a comforting hand on his shoulder.  “Do not fret, Captain.  Given your heroic actions today, I’m sure your valor will be noted in your kingdom’s annals of patriotism.”
But, miracle of miracles, Natasha does make it back.  One moment she’s falling out of space, limp and unresponsive, and the next she’s lying in the middle of the street joking about schwarma like she didn’t just save the lives of several million people.  Steph has no idea what schwarma is — turns out, it’s pretty good — but she figures Stark’s earned it, no matter how cocky she might be.  As the six of them cluster around a table amidst rubble and debris, Steph subtly tries to take stock of the woman she’s known less than forty-eight hours, yet has somehow ended up fighting alongside.
Natasha presses on. “Are we divvying up the city now? Mom gets Manhattan, Dad gets Brooklyn, and the kids get ferried across the East River on weekends and every other extraterrestrial invasion? Cause I have to say, Steve, Brooklyn takeout sucks, and feeding everybody costs an arm and a leg.”
Steve briefly considers asking Clint to fire another arrow, but it’s too risky, not while Thor is that close to the target.  He casts around for other options.  There’s got to be something here that can be repurposed…
Steve braces himself, but when it comes the flash of light originates from behind, not in front of him.  When the flash is immediately succeeded by a deafening crack of thunder, he can’t help the smile that breaks over his face.
At that moment, the elevator dings and their missing third walks in. Natasha drops his hand and rotates to face her boyfriend.
He puts on his most sincere face, and starts talking.  “Rain check?”  Tony’s eyes dim just the smallest bit, and Steve scrambles.  “Look, I’m sort of late for work, and you’re desperately in need of rest.  Besides, this way you’ll have more time to plan.”
“I’ve read your file.” Fury pulls a thick file folder off his desk, cracks it open, and starts to read. “Seven attempts to enlist under false pretenses, which is illegal, by the way. Moving behind enemy lines, against direct orders on an unsanctioned rescue mission with commandeered government property and civilian backup. No, Cap, somehow, I don’t think you’d have a problem fudging the truth to get what you need. As far as I can tell, you spend most of your time either down in the gym beating up your problems or locked in your room. So, this whole well-adjusted thing you’re trying to sell? I’m not buying it.”
Natasha exhales and shakes her head slightly. “The first thing you need to know about Tony Stark is that he’s a genius.”
“Fair enough. All right, let’s do this.” Natasha grabs the remote and seamlessly navigates to whatever movie is next in his and Iron Man’s digital queue. Steve lets her, used to ceding the television controls to his more tech-savvy friend since Iron Man is an admitted remote hog. He wonders how that shakes out between the two of them.
“Nothing, it’s just I can’t believe you’re real.  People who read that doorstop are generally classified with the wooly mammoths and unicorns.  I should probably march you upstairs to Customer Relations so they can worship you as a god.”
Steve, on the other hand, is utterly immune to his distress.  “Clint and Sam have already volunteered.  You could sign up too.”
“Umm, have you met me?  Calm and rational are not typically adjectives people use in my presence.  Unless they’re telling me to be calm and rational.”
A vague statement if there ever was one.   She’s mentally composing a reply when a slew of text come in, as if Tasha’s making up for the silence with her typical verbosity.
What he does know is absolutely nothing Clint and Natasha have implied about him and Tony having a relationship is remotely based in fact.  They are colleagues who happen to get along well with one another.
So despite all of the reasons that he definitely should not be falling for Steve Rogers, Agent of Shield, his brain seems to have completely missed the memo.  Because he has.  Fallen for Steve.  And maybe, just maybe, Steve feels something too.
“And that’s a problem?”  Honestly, he can’t see why Clint is making such a big deal of this, or why he’s implying and Tony are remotely inappropriate with one another.
Truth is, everything’s different when it’s coming from Steve. He’s smart and he’s gorgeous and he has this really dry sense of humor that bounces really nicely off of his own.  Not to mention the fact that he’s one of very few people that seem to
“From what we could tell, there was some sort of blast in a basement over on Moss Street.  The fire department’s there now, but witness reported seeing a man who walked out of the flames and somehow managed to flip two cars.”
Natasha crosses arms and shifts her weight back to her hips. After a long pause, she says, “You’re a good friend, Steve. I'm pretty busy, though. I’ve got some things coming up this week that I’m not nearly prepared for. ”
“What was that all about?” Steve demands as he barges into the lab.  Tony looks up, and his eyes widen for a moment before the inventor can pull them back under control.
“I’m sorry,” Steve responds, head alternating between Tony’s face and the ceiling.  “I’ve just never met anyone like you before.”  Tony assumes the last statement was directed at JARVIS.
“No,” he answers. He certainly hasn’t that shared much personal information with anyone since he’s woken up. “That makes a lot of sense.”
“Technically, but...wait, when did you become an expert on lithium ion batteries?  I thought you didn’t know anything about this stuff!”
“But what does that even mean?!”  Tony bursts out, as if he can’t stand another moment of his ‘explanation.’  The frustrated inventor cards his hands through his hair and rushes on without giving Steve a chance to respond.  “Those things aren’t technology,” he insists, “they’re basically prerequisites for existence!  And you’re what, twenty-five, thirty?”  Steve mentally snorts at that one, but he lets Tony keep ranting.  “It’s nearly impossible to go that long without stumbling onto something technologically relevant.  How did you even survive the nineties without television?  It makes no sense!”
“How long have you gone without sleep?”  When Tony refuses to answer, he’s forced to take drastic measures.  “JARVIS?”
Despite an awkward beginning, their evening goes fairly well.  Tony’s churned out every conceivable variation of “We’re not a couple” to everyone that approaches them, and there are a surprising number of people that approach them.  After a while, he forgets to be nervous about the not-date and relaxes into enjoying the evening.
Steve momentarily debates explaining how odd it is for him to sleep this late in the morning, but quickly decides against it.
“What exactly has everybody so worried about Stark?” he asks, somewhat confused.  After all, Howard wasn’t that bad. Eccentric, yes, but certainly not as terrifying as everyone is making his son out to be.
If he’s being honest with himself, being in love with Tony Stark doesn’t change all that much.  Sure, finally connecting all of the dots and acknowledging his feelings for what they are came as a bit of a shock, but it doesn’t alter his daily routine in the long run.  He still shows up every afternoon with food, and Tony still teases him about his lack of familiarity with pop-culture.  They go about their business as they usually do, but Steve’s eyes are opened to the consequences of their effortless synergy.
“Nothing.  Negotiators are trying to talk to her, but so far she’s not making any demands.  She just seems to be...exploring.”
It’s telling because these thoughts should not be the first thing on his mind. Iron Man is a woman. And injured. And Natasha fucking Stark. But his traitor brain has conveniently bypassed all of these more pressing concerns and zeroed in on the more intimate ones. Because if he’s being honest with himself, that's what this entire thing has always been about. From the moment he found Natasha asleep in his best friend’s bed, his unconscious has forcefully reacted against the idea of that friend being with anyone else. Because if anyone belonged there, it should be him.
Stark’s face devolves into something like pity, and Steve automatically regrets opening his mouth.  It’s not his job to unload to Tony Stark.  He has a very qualified SHIELD therapist that he’s supposed to talk to about his shell-shock, no, it’s PTSD now.  At least, he assumes they’re qualified.  He’s never spoken to them.  Stark doesn’t seem to mind his impromptu confession, though.
Natasha’s bullets clatter harmlessly to the ground, stopping suddenly just as his shield did, but arrow somehow manages to break through, and hits the creature in the middle of the chest.
It just seemed mean to send him back to SHIELD empty handed.  With a body like that, there’s absolutely no way Steve is used to being a desk jockey, and it seemed like cruel and unusual punishment to banish the man to a cubicle.  (Cubicles are dark nasty places, and they must be avoided at all costs).  Nope, his lab was a supremely cooler place, and if someone has to hang out and do nothing, it’s better to do it somewhere that’s not a dark, dank corner of the SHIELD New York offices.
Something inside her that she’s not quite ready to identify unclenches at Tasha’s admission, which makes absolutely no sense.  She keeps her tone neutral as she answers.
“Yup, all me, Tony assures.  “Brains and brawn.  Well, that and very, very sophisticated technology.”
“That’s a bit harsh,” Steve responds, although his smirk says that he’s secretly amused.  “Seems pretty great to me.  You said you built him when you were seventeen, right?”
?  That sounds like something far too-old fashioned for him to be taking part in. Or maybe it’s British?  British and old-fashioned?
, plural.  He is A) almost one hundred years old, B) a genetically enhanced supersoldier, and C) continually on call in case of an alien invasion.  Those are hardly the things you have to deal with when starting a relationship. The fact that Tony is Howard’s son is just an added bonus.
Steve resists the urge to run his palm over his face and instead settles for an incredulous look with Natasha.  When did this become his life?  Nat tilts her head in a brief display of sympathy before continuing.
Shellhead offers the digital equivalent of a scoff. “Or you could just forward me a link. Like a normal person.”
“He was really nice about it though,” Steve insists.  “He had all of this stuff sent down, and I spent most of the afternoon trying to figure out what all of it can do.”  He’s still not sure if that smart watch is something he should be using, since the specs are sure to come out abnormal.  Still, it was a nice gesture on Tony’s part.
Steve has absolutely no idea what the little video clip means or even how Tony got it to play on his phone, so it takes him a moment to think of a response.  He’s just about to start typing when a voice interrupts his thought process.
“I’m at the top of the stares.  I get a clear shot, and I’ll take it.  Let’s see if this thing can block from two different directions.”
“Indeed.  I believe this is meant to be a comical adaptation that pokes fun at the Sherwood legend.  There are musical numbers in addition to the aforementioned tights.”
He secretly loves and hates that Steve can see through that bluff.  Rather than give an honest answer, he changes the subject.  Kind of. “There’ve been talks of commissioning a statue of the Avengers.  I think they’re planning on calling it ‘Guardians of the Park,’ or something equally cheesy.”
And that’s how an AI puts a fool in his place.  Face as composed as he can make it, Tony turns to Steve and says, “I think you hurt his feelings.”
“As if you could hurt me.”  The woman raises her hands to her chest and then throws her arms outward, her fingers spreading wide as arms fully extend.  A wave of light explodes from her fingertips, creating an expanding halo in a circle around her, and Steve braces as he waits for the impact to hit him.
,” he answers ruefully.  “Honestly, I have no idea what Fury was thinking, but he promised he’d reconsider putting me back in the field if I got results.  It was worth a shot.”
“And that’s why it has to be you.” Fury sighs, stand up, and crosses to sit on the corner of his desk. He leans forward, trying to engage Steve with mere proximity. “No one will ever be able to talk techno-babble with Stark. He’s one of the smartest men on the planet, but he’s also one of the most stubborn. He doesn’t need someone to tell him to get things done; he needs someone to convince him that it’s the right thing to do.”
“Sorry I was late,” the suit answers. “There were a couple of things that needed to be taken care of.”
He arrives to utter chaos.  The fight has shifted to Bethesda Terrace, and the remaining Avengers are battling a near comic array of authors, war heroes, animals, and political figures.  Apart from a few cuts and bruises, his team seems alright, but they’re fighting a strictly defensive battle.  Clint and Natasha seem to be primarily working as decoys, dodging and weaving around oncoming assailants until Iron Man can turn his repulsor blasts on them.  Still, with only one member of the team able to mount an effective offense, the odds are heavily stacked against them.  Let’s see if he can even the score.
Ignorance truly is bliss, at least on certain occasions, and Tasha is bound and determined to deny her that ignorance.
“And now you’re sassing me about my own tech!  Behave, or I swear I’ll make you sit out in the hall again!”  Despite his outraged tone, he can’t help a smile from peeking out of his lips.
“Mr. Stark!” he yells, desperate to find the man he knows is in here somewhere. He still can’t see anything as he approaches the smoke.  When he doesn’t hear a response, he immediately begins surveilling the room.  He doesn’t think there’s another entrance, but maybe someone could have made it in through the air vents...
Steve doesn’t even want to imagine how that conversation went. Then again, how many times have they talked about him without him knowing it? “That must be strange to you.”
Steve’s usual grace reasserts itself after a few bars of music, and the tension gradually eases from his back, but that just brings on a whole new set of problems.  They’ve found a rhythm far too easily, and now all Tony can think is that he’s
Steve draws up at that. He hadn’t exactly expected her to just go and admit it, but now that she has, he’s sort of run out of steam.
There’s not enough time to clear the statue – he’s not that fast without the suit – but if he moves quickly he can probably clear enough of the crash site to avoid impending death.  Maybe.  He’s got like a 50-50 chance.  Best case scenario, he’s non-fatally impaled by a hoof.  Can one be non-fatally impaled?  He really doesn’t want to find out.
“Yeah, Sam explained it to me.”  Steve’s Irish skin is gradually taking on an adorable pink hue, but his voice remains steady.  “People donate money so the bachelor of their choice will take them out on a date.  It’ll probably be embarrassing, but it’s for a good cause.”  He looks so damn earnest that Tony can’t believe Captain America is sitting in his lab and contemplating pimping himself out for the charity.  Theoretically, he knows that the date will likely be nothing more than a nice dinner, throughout which Steve will be a perfect gentleman, but the concept still stands.  And he doesn’t like it.  Not.  One.  Bit.
“No, stop!” Stark shouts from behind him, his hand reaching out to grasp Steve’s shoulder.  “That’s just Dum-E, he’s not...Dum-E, no, back to your charging station!  Back.  Just no, you’re already too late on fire safety.”
“Damn.” Natasha had said she was busy, but he didn’t know she meant Congress busy. “We didn’t have to do this tonight,” he insists.
“He’s great,” Steve says as he turns back to look at Tony.  Dum-E seems unappreciative of the interruption and nudges Steve to continue his ministrations.
“No!” Tony insists.  “There’s no reason for you to sit on the floor when there are perfectly good chairs in here.”  He waves his hand in the direction of a table and chair that he rarely uses.  “Have a seat.  Do whatever you need to do.”
Shellhead’s always said that his poker face is transparent but he and Natasha haven’t spent nearly as much time together. Maybe he can sell this. He braces himself and speaks. “We usually hang out in the fortieth floor media room on Thursdays. Movies, dinner, that sort of thing. You could come too.”
“That’s because it only makes calls!” Tony insists, not sure how Steve is living with the inadequacies of that phone.  Seriously, it looks laughably out of place down here, and the very sight of it offends him.
“Come on, let’s just…we’ll talk about this in private.”  He quickly jerks his head toward the edge of the park, where there’s bound to be some taxis waiting.  The sooner they get everything out in the open, the better.
– but it’s nice to have someone who understands and won’t crank out useless platitudes.  If one more person thanks me for my service, I’m going to scream.”
Tony thinks back.  “He started showing up at the lab back in February.  I let him in a couple weeks later.”
She draws him to her by the collar of his shirt for one last kiss, and then she pushes him up. “All right, fine. Out! Gotta try for those last bits of beauty sleep before the cameras start rolling, and I can’t guarantee that I won’t ravish you if you keep standing there.”
Clint and Natasha, who had a longer history with the agent, had spent most of the ICU visiting hours at the hospital. He initially hadn’t wanted to impose upon their private time, until Natasha gave him one of her death glares and told him to show up.  He shows, with a gift.  Before making the trek to the hospital, he’d politely approached the curators at the Smithsonian and told them yes, they were welcome to display his personal effects, so long as they gave him one of their first-edition Captain America comics.  He inscribed it “To Phil” with a lengthy personal note and given it to Coulson in the hospital.  The agent’s eyes had widened momentarily, before he collected himself and muttered, “Thank you, Captain Rogers.”
“Please pardon my absence,” Thor intones.  “The energy to transverse between the realms is not inconsequential, and it took time to summon the requisite energy.”
But Steve, Steve doesn’t see that.  Out of the thousands of people who’ve written, talked, or blogged about Iron Man, Steve is the only one who actually thinks about what lies behind the armor.  Maybe it’s a consequence of his spending so much time watching the nuts and bolts of the creative process or maybe it’s because he’s just generally a thoughtful person, but Steve’s the only one who’s ever given a thought to the person who creates the suit in addition to the one who flies it.
“What do you think of me and Tony?” he reiterates.  “If you’ve seen everything that goes on down here, then you must have some opinion of how we relate to each other.”
“If you’d like one.”  Because the events might be bad, but the company might make everything worth it.  Tasha could make a lot of things worth it, even crash-landing in a new century.
Steve jolts at the sudden turn in the conversation, but he follows her sightline to the pizza on the table. “Oh. Uh, sure.”
He’s watching cell phone footage of the Hulk in upper Manhattan (seriously, people can take videos with their cell phones now) when Stark finally gets through with the repair men.
, a bit out of touch but nevertheless a guy.  He hasn’t felt that way in a really long time – before the serum, if he’s being honest.  And somewhere along the way, those feelings of rightness and normalcy got tangled up with his feelings for Tony Stark.  So much of his day-to-day interaction is tethered to the inventor and his laboratory, not to mention the fact that Tony is incredibly easy on the eyes.  Somewhere between the pizza and the movies and Tony’s random interjections about isotopes, he’d somehow grown attached to Tony in an unintentional and thoroughly inconvenient way.  He’d thought he’d managed to keep his emotions – whatever they were – in check, but apparently he’s not doing such a great job if Clint and Natasha were picking up on them.
“Good boy!”  A grin bursts over the man’s face, and he starts running his fingers back and forth across the metal claw.  “Thank you, Dum-E!
“Sure, anything,” Steve replies, blissfully unaware of the mayhem currently going on inside Tony’s head.
“What are you doing texting your SHIELD liaison?  Are you working on a project that I don’t know about?”
Steve paused, trying to find a way to sum up the past few weeks. Somehow, he doesn’t think there are adequate words in the English language.
“I don’t...I just…”  It’s so unlike Tony to stutter that Steve’s a bit thrown.  “Why?” he finally asks.  “Why are you doing this?
.  But over time I started think about how hard that must be, living with all of those secrets, never being able to tell anyone who or what you really are.”
over these past few weeks, and now he’s got the possibility of even more happiness spread out in front of him.
art, and, if his nasty-if-not-entirely-inaccurate little caricature is any indication, he draws himself.  So long as Steve’s happy, he resigned himself to putting up with anything for a couple of hours.  After all, the goal of the evening is to get Steve in as good of a mood as possible so he has a reason to stay.  For that, he can put up with a few hours of boredom.
Steve straightens as he prepares for the question he’s about to ask, although he’s not sure what purpose that serves.  What exactly is the protocol for addressing an artificial intelligence?
After a probably too-long amount of time, he finally makes his way out of headquarters and back to the lab, which is a strangely empty place without Tony.
Tony, thankfully, doesn’t take the easy shot.  “Hold on,” he cautions as the two of them launch into the air.
“So wait,” the archer adds, glancing back and forth between the two of them.  “Does this mean Captain America is dating Iron Man?”
Falling for Tony was something like watch a sunrise.  One minute, you’re noticing the glimmers of light flickering on the horizon, and then all at one the whole skyline is bright and clear and dazzling.  His vision hasn’t quite adjusted yet, that’s all.  It’ll get easier with time.
“Boring.  We’ve basically been alternating stake-out duty for the past four days, but nothing’s really happening.  Clint says hi, by the way.”  Steve thinks he can hear a muffled
Even though he’s still learning the ins and outs of modern technology, what Stark’s describing sounds amazing, even by 21st century standards.  “That sounds amazing,” he tells the inventor, both sincerely impressed by Stark’s claim and desperate to keep the conversation rolling.  Anything beats the tense silence they’ve maintained for the past two weeks.  “Has that ever been done before?”
Steve takes a breath; he needs to get this one right.  “Considering that I haven’t seen a fraction of the films Tony has, he sort of has an unfair advantage in this whole texting-gif thing.  I’m working with limited resources, and I was just hoping you’ll help me even the odds.”
“Yeah, I’m not buying it. You utterly freak out when you found out about Natasha, then you insist on the three of us getting together. The two of you manage to have a perfectly decent time without me and now you’re back to being a downer. What gives?”
“No buts,” Tony cuts him off.  He tends to do that a lot when things don’t go his way.  “I’ve gotta go babysit the workmen.  Don’t want them goofing off or sticking their nose where it doesn’t belong.  You just set up your time and date preferences and I’ll be back in a little bit.”
“The item Sir forwarded, Agent Rogers, is what is known as a gif, or a file in Graphic Interchange Format.  Gifs are image files that are compressed to reduce transfer time, and they often contain looped snippets of video files.  In recent years, internet users have frequently substituted gifs for text to supply a humorous, often nonverbal response.  In this particular instance, I believe Mr. Stark was drawing on the fortunate alignment of your name with the name of a character in a children’s film to solicit your food choices.”
“Traitor.”  He walks around to the closet he built for times when he has to pull off a quick wardrobe change.  A blazer over a Pink Floyd t-shirt is the epitome of style, no matter what anyone else says.
“He said he wanted to fix it?”  Natasha’s voice rings amazingly clear out of the speakers of Steve’s new phone, which is currently cradled between his ear and his shoulder and he darts around the room.
“If you don’t mind, Agent Rogers, you can show yourself out.”  He turns and heads straight for the elevator, desperate to get back to the lab as soon as possible.  He doesn’t want to hear another word of Fury’s bullshit, no matter how pretty the mouthpiece is.
“Yeah, Tasha’s testifying before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce tomorrow and congressional security’s always a bitch.”
Tony blinks a couple of times and tilts his head to the side.”  “No, I mean you’re actually here?  “I’m asking.  I just got off a twelve-hour flight and I’m pretty sure I have jetlag.”
“It means,” he answers back, the ends of the tape unfurling from around his palm, “that we decided to take things slow.”
Most people don’t know it, but blackout glass doesn’t technically blackout the lab.  It could, of course – he designed it after all – but more often than not it’s more beneficial to watch the reactions of the people he’s locking out.  Default blackout mode, then, works more like one-way glass than an actual partition, and he can see everything Agent Stalker is doing.
.  “It’s not like I’m doing anything science related,” he insists.  “I pretty much just sit there and watch movies, read, or listen to music.”  At least what Tony calls music.  He’s still reserving judgment.
He doesn’t really want to let her in because if he lets her inside they will talk, and fix they talk then things have the potential to go so wrong. Four years of friendship rest on the turn of a hinge; it might fall apart if he lets her in, but it’ll definitely collapse if he shuts the door in her face, so he reluctantly steps back and waves his hand. “Come in.”
“I’m sorry?” Steve asks, once more turning to face Stark.  The inventor looks somewhat wary, but he keeps talking, and Steve allows himself to hope that they might finally be getting somewhere.
Tasha’s voice cuts through her inconveniently-timed mental rambles.  “You want a ride?  Somehow I doubt that motorcycle is fully operational.”  Tasha moves an armored finger towards the place that Steph had parked her bike and…yeah, that thing’s not starting anytime soon.
Fury nods, as if he expected this answer. “Good. Talk to Romanov. She worked for Stark a couple of years ago, so she should be able to tell you what to expect from him. She’ll also help you to set up your back story.”
She laughs lightly, but she’s not meeting his eyes. “Give the man a gold star. Or a white one. Consistency in color schemes is important,” she says faintly as she taps the center of his chest, where a white star has always appeared on every uniform she’s designed. And every suit she’s ever fought alongside.
and he hasn’t said anything?  “Why didn’t you tell me?” he asks, somewhat taken aback.  Granted, he didn’t do the right thing and tell Tony the truth either, but it’s odd that Tony would hold back something that big for so long.
“– a clean energy power source, yes, I know,” he cuts in.  “Are you still planning on working for SHIELD afterward?”
Because as Steve backs his way out of the room and tries to avoid eye contact with a bleary-eyed Natasha, he realizes one more thing with uncomfortable, painful clarity.
More to the point, Coulson seems to have some sort of pull with Stark, or at least with Stark’s assistant turned CEO.  He’d somehow been able to convince Ms. Potts to let him back into the tower to see Stark.  She couldn’t get him into Stark’s workspace, but she could at least make sure that Tony saw him and (theoretically) chose to speak to him again.
Okay, it’s is turn.  He mentally braces himself and then starts talking.  “I agree with Pepper, though.  And you.”  Tony face has effectively frozen, but he forces himself to keep going.  “We sort of have been…”
“Google?”  He stretches the word into two long syllables, and his voice rises on the second half.  Seriously, this isn’t rocket science.  “Here, just give me your phone.”  Steve still looks skeptical and a bit confused, but he still lets go of Dum-E and reaches into his back pocket and –
“Irrelevant,” Tony insists stubbornly, with all the grace of a petulant five-year old.  Steve’s interest in Tony’s sleeping patterns (or lack thereof) jumps.
She’s mentally contemplating the merits of chucking her phone against the wall when a new message finally pops in.
“Um, yeah…no.”  My enforced dates with stodgy rich people are called board meetings, and I get enough of them on a regular basis.  It’s easier to just write a check.”  When Steve’s eyes start to droop slightly, he can’t help but add.  “Rhodey’d probably be up for it, though.  You should give him a call.”
and then makes a beeline for the door before Stark can toss another inappropriate comment his way.  Stark takes that as his cue to cross to Bruce.
As expected, he makes it to the landing pad first, but this consequently means he has nothing to do but wait and pace. The feeling is intolerable and only serves to rack up his inner tension. If there was a fight he could run to or an assailant he could track down, he would do it in a heartbeat, but in this, he’s essentially useless. It’s not a feeling he particularly enjoys.
about charity auctions and rebuilding projects, because wouldn’t it just be fabulous if the Avengers came to this ribbon-cutting ceremony, which is so conveniently taking place during an election year?
He thinks about how exactly he needs to phrase this.  Yesterday, when he’d told JARVIS he needed something that basically said ‘We’re okay here,’’ JARVIS had sent three options to his phone.  When Steve had seen the clip from that space movie that Tony had insisted he watch, he knew he’d chosen the right one.
Tony laughs, his joy bordering on hysteria creeping into his tone.  “Yeah, that’s not gonna work.  You stick around me for any length of time, and you’re going to hear some four-letter words.” He squeezes Steve’s neck.   “And newsflash, you’re sort of required to stick around.”
The casing surrounding the reactor is far too strong to shatter on overload, but the reinforced polymer doesn’t stop the sudden harsh glare from nearly blinding his eyes.  For a few seconds, the reactor burns white-hot, until it at last sputters out with a few last flickers.
Tasha still shoots off at the mouth mid-fight, but either Steph’s losing her mind or the dialogue has grown on her.  More importantly, Tasha’s always where she needs to be when the situation calls for it, delivering a well-timed repulsor blast to the latest evil murder bot of the week, more often than not, just as it’s about to take a shot at Steph.  It’s nice to have backup, particularly when the circumstances are less world-threatening and more annoying.
“Probably not, but I’m kind of going out of my mind just sitting in that apartment,” Steve answers. “Something’s better than nothing, right?”
“I know, Steve.  I know.  If it helps, the decision wasn’t a unanimous one.  Besides, the choice is out of SHIELD’s hands now.”
“Stop this!  I don’t want to hurt you, but you can’t go around bringing statues to life or letting them attack people.”
“Surprise?” Her voice is emotional, but he can’t exactly pinpoint the blend of feelings contained in that one word.
He’s not proud of himself and he knows that it’s the coward’s way out, but he knows himself well enough to know that his impulsive decisions are...not always the smartest choices, and he can't afford to screw up what is undoubtedly his most important relationship. Late that night he takes an outrageously expensive taxi ride to Brooklyn and hopes that the physical boundary of the East River will provide the illusion of mental distance.
, and it’s all Steve can do not to fall to his knees.  Instead, he settles for running his fingers back through Tony’s hair, dropping one hand to the nape of his neck and fisting the other firmly near the crown of his skull.  Tony, it would seem, approves of this move, if the groan he emits is any indication.  Steve can feel the vibrations against his lips, which
The reply is soft, and Steve doubts he could have heard it without enhanced hearing.  As it is, he can just barely make out Tony’s faint response.  “Okay.”
Natasha goes on.  “You’re carrying an unreleased StarkPhone.  You see Tony Stark on a daily basis in his personal lab.
Somewhere during that terrible diatribe of oversharing, Steve’s eyes snapped up to meet his.  He has the good sense not to speak, but Tony can see the questions burning in the back of his eyes.  Curiosity is only a small part of what’s there, though.  The inquiry is tangled up with sympathy and pain and horror and a couple of other things that Tony can’t allow himself to be invested in.
Miraculously, the light passes through him with no discernable effect.  There’s a slight tingling sensation, sort of like the feeling he gets when his foot falls asleep, but other than that, he feels fine.  Nonetheless, he gets the impression that something bad’s about to go down.
“Mainly,” Tony carries on, his own voice giving away nothing, “she was upset that she hadn’t heard about you sooner.”
It’s impossible to read Tony’s face in the suit, but he can feel the other man mulling it over.  “That could work.  I could fly him over, drop him in, and
“Nice?” Shellhead’s voice has taken on the same flat tone he uses when he’s trying to remain neutral in mission briefings, which prompts Steve to go on the defensive.
He can recognize a panic attack when he sees one.  Hell, he’s been there.  The first couple of nights after Afghanistan, he’d started up in his hospital bed, swinging at terrorists he knew were dead.  Thank God Rhodey’d been there to talk him down.  Steve had always been annoyingly vague about his “classified” military background, but Tony get’s the impression that he’s seen some serious shit.  Lord knows what’s going on inside Steve’s head right now.
.  (He refuses to question whether or not that term applies to him too.)  Dum-E nudges up against his palm in return, and Steve’s grateful for the fact that at least someone else is here to make noise.
would have handled things.  Funny how those people never seem to show up when the punches are flying.
It shows.  Even in the lab’s dim lighting, Steve can see the bags under Tony’s eyes and the way his mouth is a little more drawn than usual.  His blinking more frequently, too, as if it’s a continual flight to keep his eyes open.
“Yeah.”  Steve spreads their order out on the steel table in front of them, ushering three street tacos toward Tony and reserving at least six for himself.  Any other day, he’d expect Tony to snap out some comment about his eating habits.
Steve racks his brain, not only for alternative solutions, but for ways in which the might be able to introduce water into the scenario.  They’re outdoors, so a sprinkler system’s out of the question.  Fire hydrants are street-level, and there’s hardly a convenient lake nearby…”  He stops, turning to Tony swiftly.  “The East River’s less than a mile away.”
“Time for what?”  Steve asks the question on a reflex, and then immediately regrets it.  In this past, this is where their conversations have always broken down.  Each time he probes into what Stark’s currently working on, what project is supplanting his obligations to SHIELD, the inventor immediately gets defensive and finds some excuse to dismiss him.  And he can see Stark preparing to do it again.  His eyes harden and search Steve’s face, looking for...well, he doesn’t know what it is Stark’s looking for.
“Occasionally, but I don’t mind,” Natasha answers. “Our tastes are surprisingly similar.” There’s a smirk on her lips that hints at an inside joke and Steve bites back a tinge of jealousy.
Tony descends so quickly that resultant g-force almost causes him to pass out.  When he lands, he careens into the ground without his usual grace, causing a sizable fracture in the pavement, but none of that matters now.  All that matters is getting to Steve and figuring out why he’s not moving.
“Oh,” Clint answers, his voice not quite judgmental, but still loaded.  “Why do I get the feeling that’s not the entire story?”
They meet the next day at a coffee shop a couple of blocks from headquarters.  It’s a quaint little place full of women in yoga pants and hipsters typing on laptops.  They pay a ridiculous amount of money for two basic cups of coffee and slide into one of the more secluded tables.
“Yeah, um, sure. JARVIS,” Natasha asks as she casts her eyes upwards, “how far out is my better half? He should
And that...that sends his mind to dangerous places. Apart from now knowing that his friend has hair, Steve has very little knowledge of his friend’s features inside of that armor. With so little to work with, it was hard to imagine his faceless, formless friend engaging in such an intimate activity.
.  In fact, the vitals readings on his display show no signs of life at all:  no breath, no pulse, no heartbeat.
“What about when you turned eighteen?  Please tell me you didn’t continue the anti-tech crusade once you were legal.  I’m not sure I can handle that.”
If Iron Man meant his disclosure to be comforting, he’s widely missed the mark. The whole time? In the four years they’ve known each other, Iron Man has been seeing the same woman
The AI’s voice sounds out of the room’s speakers, and underlying urgency sharpening his already crisp British vowels. “The doctors are on their way, Captain. Please proceed to the elevators.”
“That’s one way to put it.”  Yes, he is acutely aware of the “frozen time-travelish thing.”  Clint also forgot to mention the fact that he may-or-may not age normally and he knew Tony’s dad as a young man.  You know, just in case he didn’t have enough to worry about.
It’s not until he reaches down to cradle Steve’s head that he notice the most damning detail of all; Steve’s not wearing his cowl.  Captain America
“Not now!  Thor, do you copy?”  Steve presses his hand to his earpiece, naively hoping that Thor’s com link is still working despite the wealth of electricity it must have been exposed to.  The Asgardian shows no sign of acknowledgment, and Steve’s afraid that he’s going to have to physically intercede, when all of the sudden Thor shoves the creature hard in the chest.  The figure stumbles back two, three steps, and Steve’s here’s the familiar crack of gunshots coming from behind him.  A slight whistle is the only indication of Clint’s incoming arrow, but Steve has no doubt if it’s accuracy.  He turns his eyes toward the creature, hoping that at least one of the projectiles will inflict some damage.
“We’re at the southeast end of the park.  Look for an unmarked black delivery van with tinted windows.  I’ve got the suit and shield.”
of unseen particles circles back and forth through the torus faster than the speed of light.  He’s done it.  The reaction has finally reached stasis –
, but he has no way of saying that without blowing his cover.  “I told you I wasn’t really good with tech stuff,” he mumbles.
Tony leans in, not wanting any nosy ears to overhear his next words.  “Because, Captain, you promised me a date, and we we’re rudely interrupted before we finished our first one.  It totally doesn’t count.”
No, not really. He just really didn’t want to hear another word about his theoretical leaving, because as confused as he is, the thought of staying away permanently, from the team and his life and
It’d taken him a couple of days to get used to the disembodied voice coming out of the ceiling, but he’d quickly come to appreciate the value of having JARVIS around.  Only Tony would create an artificial intelligence that is capable of not only sassing him back but occasionally getting the better of him.  Plus, there’s the added bonus that JARVIS is a seemingly endless fount of knowledge about all of the things that Steve needs to know.  While that AI is more than capable of giving Tony sass, he’s unerringly kind about answering Steve’s unending stream of questions.  Speaking of…
“Former CEO and controlling shareholder of Stark Industries. Captured in Afghanistan in 2008 on a routine weapons demonstration. Held captive for three months, but escaped by inventing a prototype of the Iron Man armor. After coming back to the US, he took his company out of the weapons trade, perfected the Iron Man suit, and hired a bodyguard to wear the armor. When Loki landed in Stuttgart, Stark sent Iron Man to join the Avengers. Now, he’s working with the city and the state in the reconstruction efforts.”
“Tasha!”  Steph interjects if only to keep the other woman from carrying on for another forty-five minutes.
“No one likes a know-it-all, J,” Tony snaps, ripping the visor off of his head and turning to the nearest hologram, which displayed the blueprints of the now-defunct prototype.
Considering the fact that he’s spent the past seventy years frozen in an iceberg, five days should not feel like an exceedingly long amount of time.  Expectation and reality, he’s coming to find, are two drastically different things.
Conceptually, Steve had known what he was getting into, but his mental projections don’t nearly do the scene justice.  To start, the Alice in Wonderland statue isn’t just a sweet little depiction of a young girl.  Nope, this thing is an eleven foot fall, larger than life cast of not only Alice, but the Mad Hatter, the White Rabbit, and a bevy of other fictitious creatures.  All of whom are moving.  The best he can tell, the giant bronze Alice is gently stroking a...mouse?  Weasel?  It’s been awhile since he’s read the book.  Whatever it is, it’s three feet long and terrifying.
“But I do.  And I take it from your reaction and the five takedowns I’ve made in the last thirty minutes that that talk did not go well.”
Steve clings to the broken parts of Tony’s answer, hoping desperately that he’s interpreting those fragments correctly.  “Yes,” he answers cautiously, “now.  Like you said, an alien invasion does sort of prompt you to reconsider your life choices.”
that does it. To his memory, it’s the first time he’s ever heard the tower’s AI ask for something. “How much longer until they get here?” he demands.
“I don’t think so.”  Natasha pauses and looks him straight in the face with an unnerving intensity.  “How’d your meeting with Stark go?”
He’s going to assume the blonde man is Captain America; even though he’s never actually seen the man without the cowl and uniform, he looks about the right size and shape to fill out the Captain America spandex.  Still, it’s hard to see the stuck-up World War II vet he fought with nearly a year ago with the person in front of him.  Not only is the guy so incredibly young, but he looks far too at ease draped over Stark’s knees with the other man’s fingers running through his damp hair.
“If she’s that important to you, Steve insists, “I should make an effort to get to know her better.”
“Jesus, Steph!” she screams, her voice already an octave higher than normal, well on her way into a tirade.  “You realize you’re
At least he hopes it’s soon.  How far away could the armor’s pilot live anyway?  It couldn’t be too far, or he wouldn’t be available to come when Tony needed him, right?
“Hmmm.” His fiancee makes such great points. Well, at least sometimes. At least eighty-five percent of the time. As for the rest, he’s there to add his two cents worth. Together they make one hell of a team. They always have, he supposes, but together they’re enough to keep SHIELD personal perpetually oscillating between exasperation at their bickering and awe at their competence. It just
Steve remains calm.  “I’m aware.  For all practical purposes, I pretty much live down here with you.  You know, in case you haven’t noticed.”  Judging from Tony’s nearly inarticulate squawk, he thinks that’s point two in his favor.
They’re basically just going to sit there and pretend that neither of them fought an intergalactic space witch in Central Park.  And maybe talk about their almost kiss. Why does he even do this to himself?
Steve has a moment of panic when the thinks of Natasha taking on giant bronze statuary with her tiny widow bites, but he can’t allow himself to get distracted.  He needs to retrieve his shield, reconnect with his troops, and find some way to stop the crazy space enchantress.
“Captain,” JARVIS says from the ceiling with an uncharacteristic urgency, “there’s something you need to see. Without waiting for his response, JARVIS turns on the suite’s television.
“I…” he starts, then forces himself to meet Natasha’s eyes. “I just want my best friend to be happy.”
That’s less than reassuring.  “Why did it need to explode once?” he starts to ask, but immediately checks himself.  “Sorry, I promise I’m not snooping.  I’ll just...go.”  He begins to leave, but Stark’s voice stops him.
Shellhead is owed happiness, and if he thinks he can find happiness with Natasha Stark…more power to him. Steve can learn to live with it.
For starters, Stark’s lab is enormous.  He assumes that the basement runs the length and breadth of the entire building; he can barely see the farthest corners of room, which are still shrouded in dark.  Various screens and pieces of machinery crowd the room, and Steve gets the feeling that even someone born and raised in this century wouldn’t be able to tell what half of those machines are for.  The most breathtaking thing, though, is the line of Iron Man armors lined up along the south wall.  Each one stands in its own display case, lighted from behind like exhibits in a museum.
He’s not an idiot.  He’d known even before he’d crashed into the Atlantic that his eyes lingered over men’s hips just as frequently as they did over women’s curves.  At some point he’d had to admit to himself that, no, it wasn’t just an artist thing, and that he really did like to look at both sexes.  And by
“Less talking, more fighting!”  Natasha calls, shocking some guy in Elizabethan clothing so Iron Man can blast him.  Which gives him an idea…
“I heard you,” he repeats.  For some reason, everyone seems to forget that the serum augmented his hearing too.   “The other day, when you were talking to JARVIS.
Steve tries to move his arm as quietly as possible, but Tasha’s neck is lodged pretty firmly on his bicep. Her face twitches as his arm clears her temple, and his kisses it softly.
“It’s supposed to. Rule number two. Keep your story as simple and honest as possible. With time and experience, you might be able to pull off a more elaborate ruse, but without training it’s too easy to let something authentic slip through. It’s much better to tell the truth than get caught in a lie.”
“The only disadvantage I can see to such improvements is the threat of reversion.  While Mr. Stark has show remarkable improvements within the brief period of your interactions, I am concerned that he might revert to his prior behavior – or worse – overexert himself should your...relationship sour.”
“We don’t know.  Witness reports are unclear.  What we do know is the power went out about two minutes later.”
“Convince him to get our Helicarrier construction back on track. You might not be the most tech-savvy person we’ve got, but you have a sincerity that most of our agents...lack. Without Stark’s tech, we can’t effectively do our jobs. Make him see that, and don’t leave until he does.”
Tony’d forgotten he’d mentioned that little detail, but it’s oddly astute of Steve to remember it.  “Yeah, he was my senior thesis project at MIT.  Got sort of tired of professors telling me what to do, so I built Dum-E to shut them up.”  Of course, he’d never intended on keeping his senior thesis.  By the time he’d actually finished building Dum-E, his brain was already three steps ahead and working on ways he could improve the base technology.  He’d figured he’d submit the project for grading, accept the warranted acclaim, and then scrap the project for parts.  However, when it came time to leave MIT, he found himself wrapping Dum-E in bubble wrap and personally loading him onto the moving van.  He might be a dysfunctional bot, but Dum-E was
Like all good things, the night eventually comes to an end.  The clock’s long since struck midnight, and it’s time for him to turn back into a pumpkin.
“Iron Man should be here in just a second,” she assures him, apparently sensing his surprise. “He’s just finishing up some last-minute security checks for a meeting we have tomorrow.”
“That’s what you get when you build up something your head. Trust me, she doesn’t bite. Well, unless you ask.”
“No thanks.”  Steph would rather eat broken glass than willfully put herself through that circus again.
Amazingly, the lighting seems to have no effect on whatever it is they’re fighting.  Instead of being electrocuted or fried by Thor’s astonishingly bright bolt, the creature seems to be
Still, Steph also knows that Tasha ends up at a lot of those meetings.  Not only is she the one out there providing aerial support, but afterward she’s in the labs upgrading their tech and in committee meetings defending the Avengers’ decisions with her characteristic biting sarcasm.  It makes sense that all of these social events might be an extension of that.
Oh, right, he’d never really moved it.  So this entire time, he’s not only been overloading Steve with his internal angst, but he’s been feeling up the guy’s leg too.  That’s just brilliant.  Christ, could he be any more needy?  Way to ruin things, Stark.
Steve figures his best bet is to deflect, since he can’t exactly give Stark an honest answer.  “What was that noise?”
Steve mentally fills in the first part of Tony’s cut-off statement, and the night suddenly takes on a whole new meaning.  “Am I?” he asks aloud, but he’s mentally pondering a very different question.
There’s never going to be a better opening.  Her fingers hesitate over the keyboard for a few seconds, but she eventually sends the text.
He would, just to be contrary. And it would probably happen right in the middle of a debrief, just to piss Fury off. Steve would have to look disapproving while biting back a laugh. “Are you a supervillain in this scenario?” Steve presses.
Tony mentally calls himself every name in the book and questions his not inconsiderable intelligence.  He’s just resigned himself to spending the next 24 hours with Steve.  Who is Captain America.  But Steve doesn’t know that Tony knows he’s Captain America.  Or know that Tony is Iron Man. Yeeaaaah.
He allows himself a brief look southward into Manhattan.  Iron Man’s probably already made his way back to the tower by now and is most likely filling Tony in on everything that’s happened.  He suppresses a brief pang of jealousy, and marches onward to do his job.
He’d set the phone to vibrate to that it wouldn’t wake her up. Turns out, he didn’t really need it — he was too wired to sleep anyway — but the soft buzzing noise was a nice prompt to get him moving, as much as he doesn’t want to go.
“Say it a little louder, why don’t you?”  Tony’s head rotates quickly toward the line of squad cars behind them, which luckily are maintaining their distance.  “Obviously, Birdbrain.”
Steve believes it. He may not know Stark personally, but that Iron Man armor is like nothing he’s ever seen before. He’s still missing something, though.
“Yes, but you don’t need to tell Fury that!”  Stark sighs.  “Look, your job was to encourage me to finish the Helicarrier designs, right?  Well, encourage me.  It’s not your fault that I’m a stubborn ass.  Just stop by for a bit everyday to cover your tracks and tell Nick you’re working on wearing me down.”
He pulls his phone out of his back pocket and checks the lock screen.  Tony’s usually texted him by this time in the morning.  Sometimes it makes no sense and he has to conduct several internet searches before he can make sense of Tony’s text speak, but they’ve usually established contact by this point in the day.  Sure enough, he’s got one unread message.
"It doesn't," Steve cuts him off but quickly continues, "I just-- if I show up on your arm, aren't there going to be even more rumors about you in the papers?”
The suit beside him shifts at that, and Steve can sense the atmosphere of the room brightening. “Yessss. Completely deserved but rewarding nevertheless.”
and all that.”  Steve’s lips curve upward, hoping that expressing his thoughts in a second language will up his chances.  He’s probably reaching, but he’ll take anything at this point.
Steve frowns down at the offensive thing cradled in his hand.  “It’s SHIELD issued,” he starts to say.
“We can fix that,” Tony repeats.  “Steve, in addition to my impressive tech credentials, I am a veritable fount of random pop culture knowledge.  I have accumulated decades of sci-fi data, my lab playlist is a carefully cultivated mix of essential rock classics, and years of SI functions have forced me to keep current with high-brow entertainment.  Trust me, you’re in good hands.  We’ll get you caught up to speed.”
you. The person inside the armor.” Now that the words are out, he just can’t stop them from coming. “She had the sarcastic jackass with low impulse control who always has my back. I was jealous,” he stresses, “because Natasha Stark claimed my best friend and the one person I’m pretty sure is essential to my happiness. But I didn’t realize how essential that friend was to me until I thought he belonged to someone else and I didn’t like it.”
She’s also one of the few people who know that he’s Captain America.  A couple of days after the Chitauri invasion, she’d approached him in the gym and calmly stated, “If we’re going to be working together, we’ll need to coordinate our fighting styles.”  He immediately went on the defensive – he’s a new agent, he just transferred in from the army, et cetera – but Natasha didn’t buy any of it.
Fury nods. “That sounds great Rogers, but are you just saying that because you’re actually all right or because you want me off your case?”
It’s also possible that sleep deprivation and caffeine overload are causing him to hallucinate, but he’s never going to say that out loud.  (Admit one time to feeling the
century artists engaged with geometry to improve their understanding of composition.  Steve gets to explain all of the reasons why math helped change modes of artistic representation, and he gets to talk about a NASA colleague who's implementing origami into satellite design.  As they leave the museum, he mentally contemplates having Pepper contact the museum curators about buying that Durer print.  He can’t wait to see the look on her face when he approaches her about buying art.  On
“I think the question you really want to ask is ‘What if he stays?’” Pepper shoots back, though not unkindly.  “Think of it this way.  So long as you’ve got this hanging over your head, you’re always going to be thinking about what happens when the hammer strikes.  At least this way, you can control the descent.”
He doesn't say any of this out loud, preferring instead to keep his emotions close to his chest until he has time to process them. “I'll get there," he offers instead.
He takes a deep breath and tries to think of a justification that will resonate with Tony’s sleep-deprived brain.  Facts.  Tony likes facts, at least when they work in his favor.
“Very well, Sir.”  JARVIS’ voice rings from the speakers spaced throughout the room, and Steve tenses.  “My name is JARVIS.  I am Mr. Stark’s Artificial Intelligence system, and I am responsible for aiding Sir in his endeavors and ensuring the day to day functioning of the premises.”
“Supernatural being,” Natasha answers crisply.  “We’ve got calls coming in saying that someone in Central Park is bringing the sculptures to life.”  It takes Steve a second to process that.  “Bringing sculptures to life?  Why?  What do they want?”
And just like that, the elephant’s back in the room. Or rather, Steve qualifies, he’s not in the room where he’s supposed to be, serving as the only point of contact for two people who have very little else in common.
Tony pauses, and his mouth draws into a hard line.  “He’s...fine, Steve.  Everything is just great.”  The tone of his voice suggests otherwise, though.
It’s not like he hasn’t had people try to cozy up to him before, but this time it’s personal.  Steve came into his home; no, Steve came into his lab.  He played with Dum-E and he claimed a spot on the couch and he made himself an essential part of his existence under false pretenses.  If Steve did all that for one of Fury’s screwed up power plays, well then fuck him, fuck him very much.
The offer takes him by surprise; he’s never really deviated from the list of movies that Tony has deemed, by some inexplicable Tony-logic, imperative to his cultural assimilation.  This though, this sounds like it might be a good idea.
from crossing his mind.  He’d felt enough like a lab rat when he and the other man were separated by glass; now it’s about ten times as awkward.  He turns back to his array of holograms and tries desperately to think of plutonium isotopes and not the pink elephant in the room.
.  I simply cannot have you running around town with a flip phone.  It offends me.  Like, on a spiritual level.”  Steve has a feeling Tony is not going to let this thing go.  “Besides,” he continues, “these models would all be going out for beta testing anyway.
Iron Man drops low so that he’s hovering only a foot or so above the ground, but he doesn’t move or speak again.  Slightly concerned, Steve taps his earpiece.
“I did.”  Might as well as well stick as close to the truth as possible.  “But I figured out pretty quickly that the double life thing just wasn’t going to be an option.  I mean I’ve got an internationally based business to run, not to mention chairing the R&D department of SI New York.  Where on earth would I find the time?”
be achieved before the turn of the century.  His senior thesis presentation had pretty much shut up the naysayers, and Dum-E’s adaptive code had served as the model for every other tech developer to emulate.  What Tony hadn’t included in his presentation was how utterly moronic his creation could be.  His pitch had mentally gone something like, “BEHOLD THE WONDER OF THE MODERN AGE
Not so anymore.  Now, instead of contemplating what sort of entertainment he has to look forward to, he spends his time speculating on what Steve’s doing.  Instead of focusing on international operating costs and ways to maximize regional outputs, he’s mentally computing the time difference between Beijing and New York City so he can guesstimate Steve’s activities.
Fifteen minutes later, a stressed intern drops off far too many boxes at the door, and Stark is ripping open the packages like a kid at Christmas.  Steve is trying desperately not to give himself away.
“I’m not going to lie,” Stark continues.  “The technology’s expensive and it’s experimental, which is why most companies won’t take the risk.  It’s too much money to lay out for something that’s not a guaranteed certainty, even if they would save millions down the road.  But Mount Sinai’s unique in that it
“Nothing!”  His answer is meant to be reassuring, but Pep’s obviously not buying it, because her look goes from curious to suspicious in about half a second.
After a good thirty seconds of yelling at Steve’s inert figure, Tony finally loses it.  He can feel the tears running out of his eyes, but none of that matters now because Steve is dead and gone and never coming back.  All the promise of what might have been is growing cold on some lonely street in Chinatown, gone before it even has a chance to get off the ground.
So here he is, sneaking around in his own hallway, weighing the merits of ambushing Steve at breakfast.  Yeah, he should probably step back and reconsider his life choices.
“Why weren’t we affected?” Steve asks simultaneously.  Is the tower’s unique exclusion some odd precursor to an attack?  It seems odd to leave them with resources, though…
Because despite being nearly 7,000 miles away, his thoughts are still back stateside with Steve.  Apparently, absence does make the heart grow fonder, along with all of those other saccharine cliches that secretly make him flinch.  Case in point; instead of reading up on the business meeting he’s supposed to chair in 30 minutes, he’s texting Steve from the limo:
if only for a moment.  Her palm is wide enough that it covers the whole of Tasha’s cheek and part of her jawline, and for the hundredth time, Steph’s reminded of just how fragile Tasha is, how dangerous it is for her to keep flying like this.  Still, as evidenced by her most recent activities, Tasha’s far from helpless.
“You too,” the engineer replies, still slightly stunned that Steve’s actually agreeing with him after weeks of staging a sit in protest.  He reaches out and gives Steve a firm, brisk handshake.  “Awesome.  I can go back to blowing things up and you can go back to being your super secret spy self.”
He holds on the back of Steve’s hand, but he moves the other to his shoulder, ready to shake the man into consciousness.  “Steve!” he yells, his voice a croaking parody of its usual self.  “Wake up!”  Shake.  “Don’t you do this to me.”  Shake.  “Not now.
“Probably for the best.” His head definitely acknowledges that this is for the best; other parts are not exactly in agreement. His head wins by a disturbingly narrow margin.
“I wasn’t.  We’d just done all that needed to be done, and there didn’t seem like a good reason to stay.”  Tony  maintains eye contact for a moment, looking like he’s on the verge of saying something, before turning away abruptly.  “So...pizza?  I’m feeling pizza right about now.”
It’s been nice, incorporating this training with Nat and Clint into his daily schedule.  When they’d gotten back from their prolonged stakeout mission, they both had been receptive to his suggestion that they start training as a team and crafting a fighting style that prioritizes collaboration over individual abilities.  So far, their three person team had been going rather well.  He can see a definite improvement in their performance over the past few sessions, and he has a feeling they’re only going to get better as time goes by.
And isn’t that just rich, considering the state Tasha’s in.  Steph deliberately looks the other woman up and down.  “And you get a pass?”
“Oh, gosh, I’m so sorry,” yelled the guy who was totally responsible for all of this.  Turning, he’d pulled two napkins out of – was that a
Tony passes the cabby a probably over generous wad of cash, and Steve dutifully follows him inside.  He at least owes Tony the chance to tell him off properly, no matter how painful the experience may be.
“So, just to be clear, SHIELD is sending a hypothetical agent with no technical skills to negotiate with one of the most scientifically sophisticated people on the planet?”
She smiles, but there’s more pain than pleasure in the movement. “You’re smart, Winghead. I’m sure you can figure it out.”
– but he doesn’t.  Being Tony Stark is dangerous enough, as evidenced by the whole kidnapping, ransom, illicit arms smuggling saga, but being Iron Man seems exponentially more dangerous.  He lives and works in a tower with his name on it for Christ’s sake!  Why not send hand engraved invitations to the Villain of the Month?
After a moment, Ana’s all-knowing voice rings out of the phone.  “According to Webster’s dictionary, a sugar daddy is a wealthy, usually older man who gives expensive gifts to someone much younger in return for companionship or sexual favors.”
Steve risks a quick look over the barricade.  Thor seems to have given up trying to use the lightning as a weapon and instead has recourse to hand to hand combat.  His hammer reigns down numerous blows, but they don’t seem to be having any effect.  The creature answers back with tendrils of electricity, but Thor doesn’t react.  Whether he’s immune to the shock or just has a very high pain tolerance, Steve can’t say.  Either way, he doubts Thor can maintain the standoff for very long.
It’s the nickname that does it.  As impossible as it may seem, Tony has somehow put together all of the pieces and arrived at the right conclusion.  Still, he seems remarkably unfazed about it.  He’s calmly sipping his tumbler of scotch while Steve’s whole world falls apart.
with my significant other when we’re finished. And with you, for the shit you let him get away with.” Steve isn’t exactly sure how you punish an AI, but Natasha’s tone certainly suggests she’s going to be successful about it. And creative.
Somewhat desperate, he pulls out his phone to start googling while simultaneously speaking aloud.  “JARVIS, what do normal people even do on a first date?”
He means to say I love you.  He really does.  Frankly, that’s how he feel and if any experience calls for a dramatic declaration of feelings, this one does.  That’s really what he intends to come out of his mouth.  Unfortunately what emerges is...
The downside to his little secret is that their respective double lives have ensured their relationship stays PG, which is not remotely fair.  Because Steve is right
“Look, I’m not asking for you to lock into a permanent commitment here.  My life’s up in the air at the moment too, and I can’t predict where things are headed.  But I
“Yes and no.  They started out that way, but they’ve bought Pixar and Lucasfilm and ABC, so they’ve got tentacles everywhere.  Not to mention that fact that they’ve discovered the moneymaking machines that are reboots.  Since they’ve tapped into our overwhelming cultural nostalgia with great success, they’re pretty much just going to keep churning out remakes and sequels for time immemorial.  In fact, I’m pretty much convinced they secretly rule the world.  We’re all living in a fantasy of Disney’s making, and they’re slowly sucking our lifeblood to power their all-encompassing corporate structure.  We probably won’t escape until we die, age out, or collapse from exhaustion.”  He mentally adds
“Anyway, I’m sort of contractually obligated to make an appearance at this thing, and I was sort of hoping you’d go with me.”
“They don’t like electricity, either,” says Natasha.  “It makes them seize up for a couple of seconds.”
Steve grins sheepishly, and his hand comes up to rub the back of his neck.  “Sorry about your door, by the way.  I don’t think I apologized for that yesterday.”
“...just in. We are getting confirmed reports that billionaire industrialist Natasha Stark has been shot as she exited a planned speech before the House Committee on Energy and Commerce. Capitol officials have identified the gunman as Trent Hendricks, a coal and natural gas activist who has been incredibly vocal both in person and online about his resistance to Ms. Stark’s renewable energy proposal currently before the House. The gunman is now in custody no one else is known to be harmed.
After several weeks of doing listening to Tony’s unique film introductions, Steve knows to just smile and nod.  He’ll figure everything out eventually.  “What song am I avoiding?”
Steve pauses for a moment, as if he’s thinking over his response, before he answers.  “In a way.  I had a very important babysitting assignment that was taking up most of my time.”
“I just got back from active service overseas,” he starts slowly.  “Fury doesn’t think I’m ready for field service, so this assignment was sort of a stopgap to give me something to do.  I really don’t have all that much to go back to.”
He steels himself and opens the door as she’s finishing her second round of knocks. Her hand is still raised, and she sways a little bit as she fails to meet the expected resistance. Steve frowns slightly, noting the bags under her eyes and the unusual power of her skin, uncomfortably aware of the fact that the woman was shot less than yesterday. “Should you be out of bed?” he asks, brows furrowed.
Natasha makes a soft noise of affirmation. “Sounds great,” she says weakly, but she doesn’t move, leaving Steve to keep her upright. Not willing to waste any more time, he wraps one arm underneath her legs and lifts, moving towards the elevator bay as fast as his speed will let him, hoping for both their sakes that he’s fast enough.
“Pardon me, Sir,” JARVIS’ voice interrupts from the ceiling, “but the glaziers are here to install the replacement glass for your door.  Should I direct them to the lab?”
His head snaps up.  A consequence of his back and forth with Steve is that he’s forgotten, oh yeah, he’s not alone in the limo.  Pepper, fabulous CEO that she is, is sitting across from him with an assortment of files and paperwork spread across her lap.  However, instead of flipping through the multitude of pages, she currently turned her eyes on him with an inquisitive look.
“I have noted several improvements in Sir’s daily functioning since the initiation of your friendship.  He eats more frequently and imbibes less caffeine than usual.  Mostly at your insistence, he engages in a much more regular sleep pattern, or at least as regular a sleep pattern as I dared myself to hope.  Even his productivity has benefited.  While he admittedly spends less time working on designs than before you arrived in the lab, the time he does spent working is more efficient and productive.  I suspect that is because he wishes to give you his full attention when you’re present.  Sir is, for all intents and purposes, happier with you in his life, and I will assist you in and so far as your presence enriches his.”
Steve finds that somewhat ironic coming from a man who seems to live in his basement.  Granted, it’s a really nice basement, but in the two weeks he’s staked out Tony Stark, the man seems pretty much enmeshed in his own technologically advanced Cave of Wonders.  Nevertheless, the hypocrisy doesn't make Tony’s point any less true.
Steve waits, unsure if it’s a rhetorical question or not. When Fury doesn’t respond, he finally answers. “Put me to work.”
A combination of adrenaline and instinct forces him into action.  He positions himself between Stark and the oncoming threat as his arms come up to defend his face.
sophisticated “No!” before storming past Rogers up the stairs, riding the elevator to the penthouse, and sending Pepper an extremely frustrated email.
Iron Man obviously doesn’t require the same degree of space. Or want it. Just the opposite, apparently.
Stark ends his incomprehensible speech with a low growl and runs his hands through his already tousled hair.  At this moment, Steve is profoundly grateful that Natasha warned him how intelligent Stark was.  He doesn’t know how he’d cope if all people from the future spoke like that; he feels stupid enough as it is right now.
“I want you to...encourage him.” Fury pauses and raises an eyebrow. “Unless you’d rather go back to destroying punching bags?”
”  He smirks.  “Pretentious boarding school curriculum and a photographic memory.  I know my Latin and my Horace, alter boy.”
Steve momentarily debates prevaricating again, but then decides to go with a redacted version of the truth. “I envy you,” he confesses.
He walks straight from Iron Man’s bedroom to the gym, and he stays there until his hair and his clothes are soaked, which, given his metabolism, is quite a feat. Working himself to the point of exhaustion takes time and significant effort on his part, but it’s not enough to quiet the persistent voices in his head. His doubts play on a mental loop, carving furrows deeper in his brain with each revolution.
“Captain,” JARVIS starts and awkwardly pauses for a moment “forgive her. She didn’t mean for any of this to happen.”
“I reinforced it after our little Shakespeare in the Park episode.  It basically acts as a Faraday Cage, so long as the charge remains reasonable.  For that short of a distance, if I move quickly enough, I’ll be fine.”
In the small portion of his head that’s not spinning in circles, it makes sense.  No one on earth has muscles that pronounced naturally.  Nope, those things are bonafide wonder of scientific engineering.  But it’s deeper than that.  The more he things about events of the last month or so, everything starts to fall into place, like the pieces of a puzzle he didn’t know he was solving.  The broken window.  Not knowing how to use a laptop.  The lack of cultural familiarity.  Christ, he’s an idiot for not solving this sooner.  No one’s can possibly live in New York and be that naive, technophobia be damned.
“I completely understand that,” Steve assures.  “This wouldn’t be less of a deception and more of a...leveling.”
Steve can feel himself unwinding as he descends that last flight of stairs.  It’s been a long, exceedingly stressful day, and all he really wants to do is walk in, plop down on the couch, eat his tacos, and listen to Tony babble about things he only partially understands.
Steve chuckles a bit at that.  He assumes he’s just gotten the equivalent of a shovel talk from Tony’s AI, but he’s can’t exactly disagree with anything that JARVIS has said, given that he happens to agree with most of the assertions.  Only time will tell if he and Tony are better off together.
“No. I mean, it’ll just be nice not to be the only one in the room eating.” He always feels slightly guilty when he sees his best friend sipping an atrocious smelling smoothie through a straw as he inhales real food. Having some company will be nice.
“I don’t,” she says as she waves one hand dismissively. “But sometimes reruns are a comfort. I occasionally put them on in the background when I’m working on the suit.”
“Not directly, it seems.” JARVIS answers.  “However, power does seem to be out throughout the greater part of New York City?”
Steve fears that the hammer will suffer the same fate as his shield, but Mjolnir apparently has advanced supernatural characteristics.  When the hammer reaches the enchantress, she recoils from the impact and falls from the air.  Steve expects her to crumple on the ground, but she’s got one last surprise up her sleeve.  Instead of collapsing on solid earth, she disappears, leaving only rubble and dust as her legacy.
Natasha stands outside his dingy Brooklyn apartment as if she has every right to be there. Her eyes are masked by her trademark dark glasses, but her furrowed brows and tightened jaw indicate that she knows exactly where he is and plans to talk to him if she has to break down the door herself.
“That won’t be necessary; I monitor all of Sir’s outgoing calls and texts.  I assume you are referring to the image of the possum Sir sent you earlier this morning?”
When he’d first woken up, he’d assumed Coulson was like the multitude of other fans he’d had to deal with back in his own time.  The innocuous looking agent had been rigorously polite and done his best to make Steve’s transition into the twenty-first century as smooth as possible.  Of course, that stoic professionalism was frequently undercut by what Steve assumed was a case of hero-worship.  The trading cards were sort of a giveaway.  More than anything, he could never quite understand why all of the other SHIELD agents seemed so intimidated of him.
Steve raises his shield.  If lighting won’t harm the thing, let’s see how well it functions without its head.  He releases the straps and rotates the shield sideways, prepping himself for a throw that’s as natural to him as breathing.  He rears back his arm, flips his wrist, and lets the projectile fly, just as Tony’s sharp
He knew this was going to be a challenging project. It’s somewhat difficult to look to scientific precedence when you’re literally breaking the rules of physics.  Arc reactor technology is somewhat of a scientific breakthrough in and of itself; miniaturized arc reactor technology is a feat of brilliance, particularly considered that he theorized said discovery in a cave while hooked up to a car battery – amazing what you can do with the proper motivation.  Modified miniaturized arc reactor technology is a goddamn nightmare.
