Mary went back to her room to finish glancing through Dean’s magazine. Maybe she’d find something more incriminating than half a Louisiana Jail Break.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Is it --” but he stopped and didn’t finish his sentence. “Cas mentioned --” another verbal dead end.
“I don’t want Dean to get sick,” Mary said cautiously. Mary’d heard about how people with certain kinds of lifestyles and friends got … sick.
Everyone turned back to Mary. Mary didn’t understand what was going on. “Dean,” she started. And then she tried something new: honesty. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“The Cold War was pretty big back then, huh?” Dean asked and then stopped himself. “And if you think a backwards Mr Gorbechav is something lesbian could or even would --”
Dean snorted. “We got something, all right. A corrupt wheel of self-promotion might be a better word for it.”
“Sam,” Dean said. “It’s okay. I’m good. You know, I didn’t think I needed to say anything. ‘Cause the last time I saw dad, I told him I had a family. Thought that was enough. And it is. We’re enough of a family. You. Me. Cas’n’Jack. Eileen when she gets up here. Other people --”
“Yes, Sam, I understand how babies are made. But what I don’t understand is why I just caught mom reading girly mags.”
Dean smiled at Cas so fondly that Mary wondered if she should maybe just throw the plan right now. “You heard him,” Dean told Jack. “Get your father some coffee.”
“No, it was fine,” Dean said. “I mean, it was my fault a lot of the time, you know? And it sucked, but I had to learn somehow, right?” Dean said. “Anyway, I ain’t talking about that. I’m just saying -- I didn’t think dad was perfect. But he was our dad. Family. And you can go ahead and scoff, but that means something to me. Even if it ain’t perfect.”
“Right,” Sam floundered. “That’s … good.” He tried to smile. It was a valiant effort but no one, not even Jack, could muster up anything back. The whole table was still static-noise silent.
“That’s what I told him!” Dean agreed, loudly. “Still.” He pushed the onions around a bit. “Thought I’d ask. Just in case. You’d -- you’d tell me. If it wasn’t. If I wasn’t.” He cleared this throat. “Right?”
“No, really, it’s fine,” Dean struggled, valiantly, to gain back peace in the room. “Leave the shoes on, it doesn’t matter.”
Of course, Sam thought. Sometimes, Jack was an all powerful celestial being. And sometimes, Jack was two. Usually he was both but sometimes he was just two. Of
So, two and a half days into Mary’s return extended stay at the Bunker, Mary cornered Sam. She had always been a woman of action. “Sam,” she said. “I have a question.”
“And another thing,” Dean said, incensed. “You picked all these gay ass movies -- what the hell was I supposed to think?”
Dean scoffed loudly. “Not what you think I wanna hear, Sam. Sounds like what I’ve been saying, right?” he smiled. “Sounds like how it is, not a lot of how you feel about it. You really wanna be here? Sit down with dad,” he gestured over his shoulder at the man, “like it’s nothing?”
Dean blinked blankly at Cas for a minute and then broke. “You asshole,” he laughed and nudged Cas back. Cas pulled Dean’s hips tight to his then let go. Dean gently prodded the onions.
“Dean,” Cas complained, good naturedly, “I do not think I can explain politics. I do not think I know enough about politics. That’s what I was asking.”
This was the moment of truth. The explanation was right on the tip of Mary’s tongue. She could ask Sam and he would probably tell her and then she’d finally know. “Nothing,” she said instead.
“Right,” Cas agreed, after a long pause. “And then the government has people that make choices. And govern, I suppose. And people vote for them? Dean, is that right?”
Dean tried, desperately, to project his understanding directly into Jack’s mind. It didn’t work. His hands shook, fumbling with the napkin in his lap. He wet his lips. “Jack,’ he said, slowly, “you can say stuff that’s bad sometimes or hurtful sometimes ‘cause I know that’s not how you mean it. ‘S about the context, y’know. And the intent. You’re just trying to bond, right? And then it was real funny, ‘cause I knew it was breaking Sammy up inside but that he couldn’t say shit ‘cause he was so frigging guilty, right? And he was trying so hard to be supportive ‘cause he thought --” Dean sucked in a breath, looked at his dad in the eye, and finished his sentence, “cause he knew dad wasn’t.”
“Dean, I do not like that man,” Cas stated baldly through gritted teeth. “He is not a good father and I will not stand and hear you insulted by him in our home.”
Back in her room, Mary took a seat on the bed and opened up the magazine. Well. Front and center. That was a naked woman. She flipped a few more pages. It was hard to tell if this was the kind of magazines for homosexuals. Mostly it was women, but there were a couple of scenes with men in them.
“Whatever,” Dean agreed. “Let’s just get to the living room before mom starts watching the movie without us. What’d she end up getting anyway?”
When Dean -- emerged -- Sam was ready. He’d been thinking it over and he’d gotten a whole speech planned, starting with ‘You’re my brother and I love you’ and ending with ‘and that’s why we always, always lock the door’. It was a good speech. Sam had thought about writing it down, but Sam was a big boy. He was pushing forty. God. He was pushing
“Sure,” Dean said and when both Cas and Sam turned to him dumbfounded, he added: “What? He loves me, it’s fine.”
Dean smiled quietly, like he wasn’t sure he was allowed, while Cas stared at Dean like he was trying to pound into him with eye power alone. Sam seriously reconsidered his stance on gay rights.
“Right. Obviously, this is a, a difficult conversation to have. Good to have with,” he cleared his throat, licked his lips and made himself say it, “us cocksuckers. Heh.” No one else laughed. Okay, so that wasn’t the best joke he could’ve made. Dead on arrival. “But you’ve done nothing wrong, Jack.” Dean closed his eyes and racked his brain for anything else he could add. He couldn’t think of anything. “So,” He opened his eyes, turned to Sam, and passed the baton, grinning. “You wanna take it from here, Mr PFLAG?”
Cas looked pleased to hear this. “Most human things do not make sense to me,” he said. “But I usually enjoy them nonetheless. Cooking,” he told her darkly, "is not most things."
“Dean, wait --” Sam said, but didn’t really have a follow up for when Dean actually waited. “I, uh, tried to, uh. In college. It didn’t. I didn’t … like. It.” He started and then immediately regretted it. “This is going poorly,” he told Dean.
“Dean --” Sam said, heart caught in his throat. A wave of something crashed through him and briefly, painfully, Sam wished he’d yelled at their dad just a bit more back then.
Sam stayed down where he landed, unable to process the images currently playing on a loop in his head. It might be worse than remembering hell. He wasn’t sure. He considered bashing his head against the wall. He considered getting the holy water out and -- nope, nope, nope. Fuck that. Sam was absolutely not under any circumstances going back into that room --
Mary didn’t know what that meant. There were a lot of things she didn’t understand about the future. About the new way of speaking in the future. The future wasn’t just new faces and new technology but it was a new language that was coded and decoded and coded again with things she didn’t know about and things she was dead through.
Jack cut Dean’s thoughts off again. “No,” he said. “I get it, Sam. I understand why I shouldn’t say those things anymore. Why you and Cas tried to stop me from -- it’s not just hateful. It’s,” Jack frowned deeply, reaching around for the right word. He looked Sam in the eyes. ”Evil.”
“You’re such a moron, Dean,” Sam said and Dean grinned widely at him. It made Mary smile more solidly.
Dean turned around into Castiel. “I do,” he said. “I love you. It’s just that you can’t take me by surprise like that.”
“Is that so?” Cas looked over at Dean. Mary averted her own gaze out of respect, then wondered why she'd done that.
Sam’s forehead and eyebrows twisted into his ‘understanding and empathizing’ expression. “AIDS was a very serious disorder,” he said. “But it’s treatable. People with AIDS can live long, fulfilling lives --”
Mary’s stomach turned. “I asked people on the computer for advice. It’s this place called Reddit? Ketch recommended it. When. Well.” Mary stopped talking.
Mary did not have a response to that question. She’d only meant that finally, finally, someone had just said it and she didn’t have to try and find a way to ask anymore. She thought that might not be what Dean wanted to hear right now. The problem was that they hadn’t watched the Gay Rights Movie that the internet and a video rental clerk with too much acne and a green and black deer hunter trucker cap had awkwardly suggested and therefore didn’t know what the right thing to say was.
“No, sir,” Dean said and forced a smile. The room fell awkwardly silent after that, as the five of them stood around the dining room table avoiding eye contact while Jack finished setting the table.
“No,” Mary said before she could think about it. “A family hunting trip would be nice.” Sam rolled his eyes, but Mary thought that maybe he was happy. Even Dean looked a little red around his ears.
Lunch did not go well. Mary felt like it was going well at the time, but then she’d started talking to Jesse and Ceasar about their daughter and Dean started getting more and more puffed up and red, even after Mary stopped talking. Sam sent her a worried glance, Caesar covered the silence and lunch moved on. Mary wasn’t sure what it meant, though. She wasn’t even sure what she said wrong.
Sam nodded. Jack looked at Dean, who scowled at him, and shook his head. Cas gave a tiny shrug. Mary took a deep breath.
Mostly empty, a few pens, chargers -- Mary pulled up. Pornography magazines? From the early 1900s? Older? More recent? Mary brought them to her nose and sniffed them. She immediately put them back down.
with his brother and he did not mean talking. He meant words as in a choice between the Colt or Sidney. Sidney was his favorite machete. Dean loved Sidney. Dean would love sinking Sidney into the neck of any asshole who tried to give his man shaped cosmic entity thank-you-for-dying-for-me-again-I’m-glad-you’re-alive-now-again-again blowies.
“Okay, okay,” Dean pulled Cas off laughing again. “Even in paradise, you’re going to need to give me more than thirty seconds and a depressing conversation about my father before I’m ready to go again.”
Dean looked around for help. Cas shrugged. “You are very particular about your things,” he told Dean.
“Yes, Dean,” Sam piped up from the back. “You were right. This was a great idea. I think it’s going to be really fun to be in the car with you for ten hours while you try explaining the modern gay rights movement to mom.”
Mary took this as her cue to get moving. She retreated to the kitchen only to find the microwave finishing up. She removed the bag and opened it. Five minutes, it seemed, was far too long for popcorn. It was far beyond salvageable.
“Dean, we get out constantly,” Sam said. “We’ve spent most of our lives out. Hell, why don’t you and Cas hang around the Bunker while Mom and I take this one --”
“Does this mean we aren’t going to finish the movie?” Jack asked. “I’m concerned about the cheerleader. I think she’s a lesbian.”
“It’s a movie about a lesbian cheerleader and now that we’re all here we can just shut up and press play,” Sam said very quickly and then started the movie before anyone could add anything else.
“Dad, it’s good,” Sam chimed in desperately. He put his hands on the table as if he was trying to reach them across to their father. “Dad, they’re really good. This is a good thing, see, you didn’t mess us up too badly because Dean did get a family, exactly like what you were talking about --”
John and Mary, unlike Jack, Cas and Sam, were not early. They were right on time and standing an awkward, forced distance apart and not looking at each other. So, right off the bat, Dean knew things were off to a great start.
“No!” Sam blurted out. “I mean,” he took a breath and composed himself. “No!” he said, hysterically. Huh. Apparently he wasn’t as composed as he thought. Who knew! Who fucking knew!
“Right,” Sam said. “Okay. I’ll -- let’s not bother Cas right now, okay? I’ll help you -- unclog the toilet.”
Dean felt astonishingly lucid. “No, Sam, I’m completely one hundred percent serious. Do you want to be here? I mean seriously, be here? Talk to dad?
“Dad,” Sam started, mystified. “Did you even hear what Dean said?” He turned to Dean. “Dude,” he said. “I can’t believe you said that.”
“Of course,” he said. Then he turned back to Sam. “I told Dean that you were unaware of our relationship but he didn’t believe me. I suppose this means I have ‘won’.” He was still looking at Dean but the expression on his face was starting to make Sam regret consuming food this morning.
"For the love of -- mom wasn't getting off to your weird ass old school girly mags, Dean," Sam hissed.
“Setting the table!” Jack perked up. “Of course, Dean. I like setting the table. It’s very satisfying to put the plates next to the folded napkins.”
“No,” Dean said. Sam tried to kick him. He was too far away. Dean smirked. “I got a question.” Mary froze.
Still. Sam would always have more time to sway him down the path of quinoa, NPR and healthy emotional outlets. He didn’t have a lot of hope but he did inherit the same can-do spirit that got Dean his GED. So he'd try but, between Cas I-learned-about-being-human-from-Dean-I’ve-turned-repression-into-an-art-form-Winchester and Dean-I’ve-turned-repression-into-an-art-form-Winchester himself, he thought he might be better off giving up now.
“Of course Dean,” Cas agreed, frowning a little. Before Dean had the chance to do anything unbearably saccharine like try to smooth the wrinkly little line of concern across Cas’ forehead off, Jack bounded down the stairs.
The video rental clerk had taken off his hat when she tried to check out. She had taken the videos free of charge which was good because she hadn’t brought nearly enough cash. None of that was helpful now, though. Mary couldn’t exit the situation by leaving the bunker without paying. Still. It was clear that she was going to have to say something.
Simplest was best, Mary told herself Monday morning. She should talk to Dean. Butter him up first. Get him ready. Then just ask.
“See?” Jack said. “I don’t get it! Sam gets to be mean to Dean about sleeping with Cas but everytime I say cock --”
Sam opened his mouth. “But I thought -- you’re homophobic,” he said and then stopped and closed his eyes. “I mean -- that’s not -- you’re my -- door, lock -- I love -- Dean,” he shoved out, sounding strangled. “I had a speech, I swear.”
Or at least that’s what she told herself to get through the fifteen minute lecture and accompanying visual demonstration. She waited for Dean to finish lecturing and start washing to launch her first attack.
She hovered outside the door, hoping that they might go back to talking about whatever Dean had been about to say before, but they didn’t. Shellshocked. Probably. Well, her too.
There was a ringing sort of silence in Dean’s ears which wasn’t fair because he knew this would happen, he told Sam this would happen, he wasn’t surprised that this happened --
Right now, Dean was leaning more towards the ‘mad for not showing’ option, but maybe, if time operated differently for John than it did for Dean, he wouldn’t be mad at all.
Mary tried hard not to wince at the title. “Maybe the cheerleading one,” she said. “Then Jack could join us.”
“Yeah,” she said, tentatively. Even Sam seemed to be watching, speculatively. Mary grabbed the first tape on the top of the pile and put it in the cassette player. “It’s nice you still have this,” Mary said and it was. Something familiar in the midst of everything different.
Dean cut him off before he could get any further. “Don’t,” he said, “just -- don’t use that condescending I’m-so-liberated-I-went-to-Stanford voice.”
“I’ve done it.” Jack frowned. “I will always have been done it.” He frowned harder. “I mean, I will have always had done it. It will have been always done. Done always? It will have had be been done?”
Jack frowned. “I don’t understand. Dean is homophobic. But also it’s bad to be homophobic? But also he’s a gay person? But I can’t be homophobic to bond with Dean? Maybe I’m a gay person.”
“And,” Dean said, frowning, “I don’t cry during sex. I am great at sex. That’s not a homosexual -- gay -- thing,” he continued, ignoring Sam’s cries -- pleas, really -- to stop. “If anyone cries during sex, it ain’t me.”
Dean groaned and let his head thud gently forward against Castiel’s. “You know, this blushing virgin thing gets a bit hard to believe with the amount of sex we’ve had.”
Dean looked at his reflection in the mirror, took a deep breath and joined his parents in the dining room.
“Dean -- what do you mean, you gave mom the talk? As much as I don’t want to think about it, you do have to know how babies were made, right Dean?”
“I’ll take it,” Mary said briskly. “So. Gay boyfriends aside, do we think we’re ready for movie night?”
Sam started laughing too. “Oh, man,” he said. “When you tried to make us the -- what did you call it, Dean?”
“Mom. Dad.” He gave both of them a nod. Mary moved as if she was considering giving him some kind of one armed hug before changing her mind.
And Jack looked so miserable, so guilty, so much like Cas, that Dean opened his mouth and found words there, before he could think about it or talk himself out of it. “No.” He cleared his voice. “Jack,” he said. “You’re fine. It’s different.”
“Cooking is not a hereditary trait,” Cas told her and tilted his head to the side. “Though, I must admit. I sometimes wonder about that, with Jack. I’m afraid he shares my ineptitude with humanity.”
"Peo --" Dean dropped the mug he was carrying. “Fuck,” he said, dropping to the ground to pick up the pieces of his mug.
“And if I’d’ve told you to knock it off, you would’ve right? And you’d never use those words against another person angrily, right?”
“No,” Dean said and slammed the car door. Sam tried to follow, grabbing a reluctant Dean and forcing him to stop.
“I think dinner will be fine, Dean.” He looked around the kitchen, disgruntled. “Now, what can Jack and I do that doesn’t involve cooking?”
Sam scoffed. “You mean, you forgot to get veggie burgers for me and so you made Cas go back to the store and get them?”
“I love you too.” Sam hugged her. He was so like John, she thought. When she first met him. John was always so open with his emotions -- clear and soft when he was happy, and furious when he wasn’t. It wouldn’t be a compliment for Sam to hear that, though. Mary could already tell. Dean’s face when she said certain things, Sam’s wince when she mentioned their childhood. What had John done? Mary squeezed Sam tightly once and then let go.
“I’m not going to take away your ally of the year award, Sam,” Dean grumbled. “Don’t worry your pretty little head over it, okay?”
Sam ignored him, which made Dean smile fondly. He turned to Jack. “Alright,” he said. “Looks like it’s just you and me, kid.”
“Oh,” Jack said. Then he looked at Sam and tried to mimic his posture, sticking his ass against the wall and splaying out his arms and legs. He held it for longer than Sam expected. “So.” Jack said. “Is this some kind of human thing? Cause I gotta tell you. It kind of hurts.”
“Of -- course,” Mary said, which turned out to be a terrible idea. Coming back to the Bunker from their run, Mary felt retroactively grateful towards her father for banning her from ever participating in aerobics classes.
“No,” Dean rushed to assure her, after an awkward pause. On screen, the blond cheerleader started necking with her boyfriend. “Sam and I are very pro-lesbian.”
“There’s gotta be like some kind of book for this,” Dean said, incredulous, staring at them all with wide eyes. “Some kind of, you know, FAQ. Things not to do.”
She didn’t know, and she certainly wasn’t about to find out. Because today, she was desperate. So today, she was investigating.
“I’m not taking the couch,” Sam said and before the boys could wind up into another back and forth, Mary said:
“Of course.” He relaxed enough to smile at her. “It’s nice that you are staying in the Bunker with us. I know Sam and Dean are very happy to have you back.”
The most embarrassing thing about walking in on Cas, ass deep inside his brother -- besides you know, everything -- was that Sam didn’t see this coming
“Dean,” Sam said. “No one in the world would be able to clean the kitchen well enough to satisfy whatever you have rattling around up there between your ears.”
“I’m going to punch you both,” Sam said. “This is sickening. And it’s sickening you make me watch it every morning.” He looked at Mary. “Oh,” he said, chuckling. “Trying to clean the kitchen?” Mary nodded. “Good luck with that.”
Sam did not say jerk. Sam shook his head and said, “You know, Castiel is my best friend too, okay? And he deserves a lot better than this. I want you to think about that.”
Mary thought she heard the bunker door. Sam and Dean couldn’t be back already, could they? She hadn’t wasted twenty minutes looking through Dean’s two in one shower shampoo and conditioner set to get caught out now, had she?
Sam scoffed loudly. “So, she used some -- out of date language. They barely even noticed! I think they even laughed when she asked if their daughter was also a friend of Dorothy.”
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose. Mary wondered why. Maybe Sam didn’t like homosexual people? John hadn’t. Mary hadn’t thought much of them herself, but the internet told her they were different now and anyway, her son might be one. And if Brokeback Mountain would help him feel more comfortable, than Mary was more than willing to sit through it.
Mary frowned. “These guys are your friends? Are they also brothers? Is that common -- two brothers, hunting together?”
Mary put her hand on top of Sam’s. “He’s right, John. I didn’t understand a lot of these things right away either, but I’ve gotten to know Cas. And Dean, even. This is good.”
Mary felt like she had to say something. “I thought my college boyfriend was a homosexual,” she said.
“Yes,” Cas agreed fondly, hand resting on Jack’s shoulder. “You do get special privileges. You’re very special to us.”
There were at least a handful of blowjob depictions that Mary felt were overly kind towards the male figures. There were a couple of images showing two women doing what looked like a reverse reverse Louisiana Jail Break. She tilted her head. It could’ve been a lead up to The Little Dicky, she supposed. Though two women doing The Little Dicky might be even more of a stretch than The Little Dicky itself was. And The Little Dicky, make no bare bones about it, was a not inconsiderable stretch.
“I’m just saying. I think you’re shifting yourself around to get out of an awkward political conversation with Jack and I’m telling you, you ain’t getting away with that in my kitchen.”
“I made burgers,” Dean said suddenly. “With salad. There’s some onions and stuff for the burgers in the kitchen. Vegetarian burger for Sam.”
“Yeah,” Sam said, because that was important. He tried to drill it into Dean’s face and it seemed to work because Dean relaxed, slightly. “I mean, I’m not going to say I wasn’t shocked --”
“I’m glad to hear it,” she said instead. Dean didn’t respond to that, which made Mary think maybe she was still being homophobic. Somehow. That wasn’t good. She had to fix this. “Tell me more?” she suggested.
“That’s the number of times I died for your son.” Cas tilted his head to the side. Dean stifled his snort. “That’s more than you, right?”
“I won’t, but Dean, I don’t understand. I know you thought I knew but why didn’t you ever talk about -- this -- with me?”
If anything, this only stiffened Sam up further. “Thank you,” he puffed out carefully. “I appreciate how considerate you’re being. Of...
The words coming out of John’s mouth stopped abruptly with a wave of Cas’ hand. He opened and closed his mouth furiously, then took a step aggressively forward. Cas, again, stopped him easily.
She pushed into Dean’s room around noon. Everything was arranged very neatly. There was no dust. There was a computer in the center of the desk which Mary -- didn’t touch. Instead, after making a quick glance around outside Dean’s room to make sure no one could see her, she went right for the desk drawers.
“You know,” John said, with a bit of a laugh, through a mouthful of burger, “it’s kind of amazing that we get this.”
Sam relaxed then. It was fine. Mary should relax too. She tried. Her shoulders still hurt. And when she looked at Sam, she still couldn’t see the face of her baby in the man in front of her.
Several things happened at once: Dean lunged in front of Cas, who had stood up so abruptly he sent the chair he was sitting on clattering down behind him, which was completely drowned out by Sam, who had taken the end of John’s little statement as a cue to start yelling at him while Mary moved to get between Sam and John. Mary’s mediation, for some reason, involved hurling down the napkin rings Dean had spent the past few weeks working on with Bobby, making Jack flinch at the same time as Dean. Jack had pulled his knees up to his chest and was sitting, wordless.
Cas seemed preoccupied with glaring at John instead of eating; John seemed preoccupied with eating instead of looking at anyone else seated at the table.
She looked over at her adult sons in front of her and tried to reconstruct how it all happened. She can't get passed the first night. She can't picture John's first hunt, or Sam's first steps or Dean's first girlfriend. She looked at them and she saw nothing.
Cas looked Dean straight in the eyes. “John is here because Jack knows you loved your father. Not because of any action your father has taken to deserve it.”
“I was just curious. I wasn’t trying to do … anything.” Neither of her sons would meet her eye. How had this gotten worse. She spoke slowly. “I just wanted to clear the air.” Then, with all the pieces of dignity she could pull up into herself, she left.
Whenever he thought about it too long, he’d remember the Douglas Adams bit on time travel that really put the nail on the head. Namely, that the biggest problem with time travel wasn’t accidentally becoming your own father or mother (that was nothing any broad minded and well adjusted family couldn’t cope with), but rather grammar.
“Okay,” Jack said. “But I should tell you that I really need to find Cas because I have a question about something that came out of the toilet when I flushed it and I think the bunker might be flooding.”
Mary had started strong because she didn’t think Dean would’ve been good with subtlety. She was concerned he might misunderstand her. She was concerned that he might intentionally misunderstand her. Still, her previous romantic history might've been a bit too bold, even for the Winchester family. She tried to walk it back. “I wanted to bring up my relationship with other people to you. In case you had anything to say. To Me. About your …”
“Oh my God,” Sam said. Cas sent him a dirty glare. “No one cares that you’re “particular” --” Mary wondered if that was a new word for homosexual these days “-- we just wish you’d admit it. Instead of standing over our shoulders breathing heavily every time we try and help.”
“Alright,” Sam said. Then, as quickly as he could, he added “I love and accept you because you're my brother.”
Cas hesitated, then shook his head. “Dean tried to help,” he told her. “But Jack is … out of practice with what human food should taste like.”
Dean stared at her. Mary stared at her son. She would not take a step back from her son. Good mother’s weren’t frightened by their children because good people weren’t frightened by their creations.
“Because we can always go back to hiding it. If it makes you uncomfortable. If you’re uncomfortable with physical displays of affection between two men --”
Dean shot him a look. “Dude, it’s Cas,” like that meant something to Sam. It didn’t. It meant nothing to Sam. In fact, it meant worse than nothing because every other time Dean had said this Sam had assumed he meant "it’s Cas" in the same way Sam did. As in,
“You are all children,” Cas said, but he was smiling and everyone else was smiling and he couldn’t help but feel like they were home, with their family.
“Mom,” Sam said seriously. “I’m sorry we’ve changed so much. I know it’s a lot to get used to but -- seriously. We’re just glad to have you here.”
There was a long pause from Sam. “I’ll let her tell you,” Sam said. “But, listen. Dean. I don’t want you to read into it.”
“Okay, first of all, that’s disgusting Dean. Second of all, you’re the only one here who is full of shit right now --”
Mary’s heart seized. “Like mother, like son?” She tried to smile at Sam who tried to smile back. Dean groaned out loud.
After a few minutes of this, Jack turned to Sam and said, in a low voice, “I don’t understand. Dean is a gay person? Even though he doesn’t like them? Is this what gay people are like all of the time?”
“Dean,” Cas said, cheeks rosy from the wind outside. “The cardamom is coming through much better than last year.”
He was serious now too. She didn't know what she had expected -- the years, after all, weren't known for lightening people. But maybe she had thought he'd grow out of the seriousness and into a peacefulness that she hadn’t thought she’d ever know. She wanted her children to have a better life than herself.
She flipped to the back. There didn’t appear to be any single page pictures of just men but maybe those were in the other magazines. Maybe homosexuals liked the images of men and women?
“I don’t give a fuck, Sam.” The anger in John’s voice, more familiar than just about any other sound from Dean’s childhood, broke through to Dean. He turned to face his family. “You think you’re so much better than me? Like I’m not the fucking reason you and Dean are even alive.”
“Best friends really.” Mary gave up. Sam kept talking. “According to Cas, they share a more profound bond.” Sam made a face. Cautiously, Mary made one back, which made Sam laugh and something warm spread throughout Mary’s body.
“I told him that he shouldn’t call people slurs. That it’s wrong and hurtful.” Sam spoke proudly and clearly, before Dean could even try to say something, as if he was worried Dean wouldn’t be. As if he didn’t want Dean to need to be. As if he owed Dean -- something. Some sort of protection. As if it wasn’t Dean’s job to protect Sam from John, and to hide the worst of John from Sam.
It was Dean’s turn to frown. “But you didn’t -- you didn’t know?” he sputtered. “But -- what about when you joined that gay group in high school? Or when you met my -- this guy -- and told him, you know, that he shouldn’t let me treat him bad? Or those self-righteous fights you used to have with --”
Douglas Adams hadn’t specified that last part, but Dean felt reasonably certain in his own not inconsiderable experiences.
Jack was unperturbed. “Did I get it wrong?” He asked. He pursed his lips. “Sam was explaining to me how Dean hated gay people. I wanted it to be a surprise treat for him. The internet had a bunch of other suggestions, like fruit and f --”
Dean grunted a bit, but otherwise didn’t respond. He opened the fridge and pulled out a beer. Sam, starting to breath out his sigh of relief, wasn’t even surprised when Dean stopped.
“You’d have a lot more than a GED if you put half that focus and attention into something that isn’t porn,” Sam started.
“Burgers are in the kitchen,” Dean said, loudly, before John could finish. “Along with everything else. Kind of a help yourself situation.”
That was around the point where Dean -- not Sam, thank you very much -- shrieked like a girl and Cas whirled around and sent Sam careening out of the room in a very rough, not gentle post-coital manner which was just so unfair because if Sam was going to be subjected to the mortifying ordeal of Cas’ O face he should at least get the rewards of being
Of course, this didn’t work. “Dean, are you gonna let this man push you around like that? You gonna let this goddamn fruit talk to you this way? I mean, liking dick is one thing, but do you gotta be such a bitch?”
“Your door was open,” Mary said into the increasingly uncomfortable silence. When had she become such a bad liar? “It was on the floor. I was curious.”
Sam sighed heavily and walked back to the car. “I don’t suppose you want to talk about anything? Lunch, maybe?” He asked Mary hopefully.
Mary’s heart clenched. “I love you,” she told her son and she wished the words didn’t taste like a trap.
talk to him that way.” Dean pushed his chair back into its place, tucked nicely under the table, the chair squeaking loudly across the now-silent room. “Actually,” he said, “I, uh. I think we’re done here.”
Cas ignored him, turning instead to Jack. “It is a bad thing to hate gay people,” Cas told the all-powerful being seriously. “They cannot help it.”
Looking deeply frightened, Cas nodded. He went over to the counter and grabbed a bag of popcorn, holding it far away from his body like it was a bomb. Jack looked similarly wary.
And then he left, leaving Dean even more confused than before because what? Dean was Cas’ best friend, not Sam! When was the last time Sam double glazed Cas’ windows just because he noticed that Cas had started wearing two layers of socks and a sweater before bed? When was the last time Sam made Cas three different grilled cheeses because he tended to forget about them while he was reading and the texture of cheese once it went cold upset him and, really Cas, Dean didn’t mind? When was the last time Sam gave him a thank-you-for-dying-for-me-again-I’m-glad-you’re-alive-now-again-again blowie in the back seat of the Impala?
Jack’s voice broke across Dean’s thoughts. It was small. It didn’t sound right coming from the most powerful being in the universe across a poorly repaired mahogany dinner table that looked like it was bought on sale at Lowe’s. “Oh,” Jack said. “I get it.”
Dean’s hands tightened on the wheel. “Means they’ve been living together for twenty or so years and they’re going to keep on doing until one of them is dead.”
“He was,” Mary said. “I worry about him. He cried a lot as a baby. Not as much as you. But he wouldn’t sleep without me or John in the room for the first eight months. Is that -- when I died -- did I --” Mary pulled herself short, frustrated. “Is Dean -- you know? Was he still like that?”
That’s how she ended up trying to do the dishes Monday night. Dean looked like she was ripping off his finger nails one by one. Castiel has smiled at her understandingly, though, and told her that Dean was just fussy about his dishes. That made Sam laugh. Mary had to fight from raising her eyebrows. Dean was fussy?
Sam gave Dean the Judgement Face of Judgement. It was also known as the face Sam made when Dean came back to the motel room at two or three in the morning or whenever Dean ate more than three cheeseburgers in one go which, whatever Sam, a man doesn’t always know when his next opportunity to chow down would be. “Dean,” Sam said in a tone that made Dean want to punch his face. “I want to support you. But it’s not fair to Cas.”
He let out a low whistle, looking at all the potatoes. “Good thing you came back. Looks like we’ve got work to do.”
“Jesse and Cesar,” Dean said while lacing up his boots. “Got a death that’s honking like a case down around Odessa. Called me for a consult. Me and Cas were going to swing down real quick.”
“Okay,” Sam agreed, “but I’m sure I’ll still be able to hear your screams when you eventually drive mom over the edge.”
Mary closed her eyes. How could she protect her children from herself? How could Mary leave without running away? How could she talk to her own children when she barely even recognized herself?
Cas didn’t bother hiding his smile. If he was a more expressive man shaped being, Dean was sure he’d be laughing at him. “Goodbye, Dean. We’ll be back at -- six?”
Dean looked taken aback. Mary tried not to wince. “What is with you people? What is with you people and talking about your experience with gay sex while I’m trying to -- you know?” Mary was relieved his cheeks looked like they were acquiring some color. They were a dark, deep red now.
Mary smiled. This would, she realized, be the perfect opportunity to interrogate Cas. But Mary was tired and today had been hard and she thought it actually might be nicer to watch Mulder and Scully look for aliens while sharing a bag of chips with one.
The hunt was, in Dean’s words, “a bust”. A quick visit to the morgue and one discovery of massive bear droppings near the scene of the crime later, and Mary was ready to pack it up. Astonishingly gruesome but definitely a genuine animal attack.
“One second!” Sam called back through a forced smile. He turned to face Mary. “You wait here,” he said. Mary followed him.
Dean didn’t see that. He didn’t see Cas bear his teeth or Jack cross his arms or Mary step away from John. He didn’t see John sitting there, completely immobilized by his family. Dean saw Sam. Sammy. Standing in front of him. “Sammy?” He asked. “What are we doing here?”
Dean dragged his eyes away from Cas to glare at Jack. “These onions are going to be frigging perfect,” Dean told him.
“Sam,” Dean insisted. “She was talking about people that she had dated. People. Not men. And her voice was all weird when she did it, too. And there's the porn thing.”
“Dean,” Sam said slowly. “I was joking around. Or trying to piss off dad. And,” he added offhand, as an afterthought, “I mean, it was the right thing to do.”
They pulled over into a motel an hour and a half outside of Odessa. Dean hadn’t wanted to stop but apparently Sam had put an embargo on Dean driving more than ten consecutive hours in non-emergency situations and Dean had an embargo on Sam driving Baby for any hours under non-emergency situations and so a compromise was reached: motel.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, and this time he looked Sam in the eye. Oh, score, Sam thought to himself. It totally was one of those important things you were supposed to say. God, he was crushing this.
Mary rolled her eyes but left her shoes off and walked into the dinning room. John kept his shoes on but followed Mary into the dinning room.
Dean thrust the spatula in Cas’ face to make his point. “Especially not when we’re not even on Earth.”
Two and half days into Mary's return from her extended stay in Apocalypse World, and she still wasn't sure what to make of Cas. He was around. He often seemed miserable or, failing that, exhausted. Sometimes he would sit at the end of the kitchen table and watch Dean for what Mary had to assume were hours on end. He'd eat Dean's cooking, and let Dean dress him up, and complain about Dean waking him up too early in the morning. And then, sometimes, the angel that lived in their underground Bunker-home and liked to watch her oldest son sleep would forget to change the coffee filter and Mary would lose her mind a little. Two and a half days into her stay and Mary was going to lose her mind a lot if she didn't start getting some answers.
She felt a strange impulse to pull Sam into a hug. Her family growing up didn’t have much affection and she didn’t think her boys had much either. Still. It was too -- soon. She settled for a half nod and a pat on the shoulder.
“John,” Mary muttered and glared at her husband. “Shut up.” It was one of the few things she’d said so far. Honestly, outside of the conversation they’d had after dinner with Jesse and his husband on earth, Dean wasn’t sure how his mom felt about all this. And honestly, watching her try to reign John in was a bit like looking into a distorted, fun home mirror of himself, age seventeen.
“Alright,” Dean said. “Wheels up in thirty, so the two of you layabouts,” he pointed his spatula at Mary and Sam, “better get ready to go. Oh,” he turned to his mom. “And, mom, just don’t say anything homophobic, and we’ll be good.”
Dean’s smile slipped a bit then came back. “No,” he said. “Or, yeah. But I’m, you know. So you can, you know. If you want. Tell me.” He licked his lips. “I know it’s hard and stuff but trust me. It’ll be better that way.”
“I, uh, should get to my room,” Dean told her when they were done. “But.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “Thanks for sharing and all that jazz. I’m here for you. If you ever want to talk more about, well, people.”
“That’s what they’re called, Sammy. Besides, they were the bunker’s old school ones. You know, the pin ups? With the --”
Sam turned pale. “Mom,” he said, “take it from someone who had to share a computer with him for thirty-three years. There
Friday, she stayed in her room all day and watched something called the X-File’s. Dean usually knocked on her door and asked her to dinner. He didn’t this week, which Mary was privately glad about.
“I’m in love with Cas,” Dean clarified, because at this point he didn’t have much of a choice. Calling Cas his wife was definitely something Dean would’ve been hearing about for centuries afterwards and besides, it was always better to be direct about this stuff. Face the consequences straight on. Heh. “Straight” on.
“Ah,” Cas said. “On earth,” Cas started to say to Jack very carefully, “in America, they have a --” he paused, hesitating. “Government?” he asked Dean for confirmation.
“I have already seen you naked today, Dean,” Sam said in a concerningly high voice. “I think that I have been suitably punished for any transgressions --”
Privately, Dean thought his particular problems with time travel would lie closer to the family issues problem then grammar -- no one, bar Sam during a particularly sarcastic period in his early teens, had ever used the words broad-minded or well adjusted to describe Dean’s family -- but Douglas Adams disagreed. No, he insisted: Grammar. How to describe something that was about to have happened to you in the past before you jump forward -- say, five years -- to avoid it. Proper tense usage becomes even more complicated depending on where, or, rather, from when, you were speaking: your present time, a further future time, or a further past time. Or if you were the first born nebulously non-heterosexual son of a complicated but almost definitely at least mildly homophobic semi-present father you had spent the five years avoiding while living and raising a child with a man shaped entity. Being that person would certainly complicate things, though maybe not grammatically.
talk to me that way?” The question, angry and impatient, seemed to demand an answer from Dean, even as John himself refused to make eye contact.
So. So, Mary's daddy's hands were rough and calloused and they'd never had enough to eat or a break from the work. So, John’s had been smooth hands with big dreams. He'd stroke her hair in their rickety bed after getting priced out of another apartment and tell her how they were going to escape all this.
“I’m glad too, honey,” Mary told Sam and she was mostly sure it was true. “But I know that sometimes people --” She stopped. “Your brother and Cas. They’re --?”
Sam frowned. “Dean, I am so sorry,” he said, very seriously. “I just assumed you were homophobic, which is wrong of me. It’s only because you --” but Sam didn’t know how to finish that sentence other than with ‘said homophobic things near constantly for my entire life which I did not realize was clearly some sort of deep seat internalized issue slash cry for help’ which didn’t seem like it would help defuse the situation.
“Son,” John said, and Dean knew he’d done or said something wrong then because John was looking regretful and upset and like he wasn’t quite sure what to say. “A family’s a bit more than this,” is what John settled on after a minute and Dean was so shocked he couldn’t think of anything to say for almost a full minute. “I’m sorry if the way I raised you boys made you think different. That’s on me. But Dean, Christ. I mean, no wife? No kids?”
Cas stayed close, looking for Dean’s shoulder as he did it. “So,” Cas asked, “why is this happening right now?”
Sunday was when Mary got desperate. Thankfully, Sam and Dean were off on some errand involving the water heater and prepping for the winter. Dean was mad he was missing some television program he liked but Sam kept saying the words ‘Midwest’ ‘winter’ and ‘frozen outside naked’ until Dean caved. Mary wasn’t sure where Cas and Jack were. Mary wasn’t sure what Cas and Jack really -- did -- with their time.
“Water,” Jack said. “I don’t think it was a supernatural creature. It’s just hard to remember to flush the toilet sometimes and I think it got too full?”
Mary looked blankly at her son. She pointed to the DVD in his hand, a blue sheet of paper wrapped in plastic over a case. “Obviously.” She did not tell her son that no, they did not rent movies anywhere closer than an eighty-seven minute drive away and no, they didn’t keep normal store hours.
“Dad!” Dean snapped, automatically. “Can you just --” he waved his hands. “Keep it down for a second?”
Mary and Sam hung back. Mary cleared her throat a few times but didn’t know what to say. Sam seemed similarly at a loss until thirty seconds later when Dean came back. “Only one room,” he said, tossing the keys to Sam. “Guess you’re taking the couch, princess.”
Sam frowned at them. “I still have questions --” he started to ask, but was interrupted by Jack entering the room.
Dean, when he was her Dean, had been a strangely quiet little boy. He liked to help her with the cooking. He would stand, silent but not still, and watch Sammy at night. John would ruffle his hair or squeeze his shoulder.
Dean blanched. Mary smirked and dropped her bag onto the couch. “Alright,” she said, rubbing her hands together. “What’s next?”
Oh. Mary was starting to see where she’d messed up. She should explain to Dean that she wasn’t dating a woman but that she was concerned that her boyfriend was one of those homosexuals. She still wasn’t sure if she was allowed to say homosexual, though. Maybe queers was okay?
“Let’s just --” he patted the floor next to him and slowly slid down. “Let’s just sit with Sam, okay?”
Dean went from an ink carving in a craggy cliff into a sheepish little boy. Mary had to blink to clear the aftereffects of the change from her retinas. “Cas,” he whined. “It’s my kitchen.”
“Don’t hey me,” Sam said. “You’re lucky you didn’t die of cholesterol poisoning.” Then he winced because it might have been five years but five years still wasn’t enough time to get over your own death-on-earth.
She closed the microwave and joined her sons in the living room. Jack and Cas were sitting on the couch and Sam was gently nudging Jack towards the middle so Sam could sit on the sides. Dean was sitting in front of the couch, leaning up against the post, right beneath Cas.
He turned around and left more quickly than Mary thought was possible. Quietly, giving himself a moment to close her eyes in complete mortification, Mary followed him out the door. She left the porno on her bed.
Four hours in, Dean smacked at the tape decks by the passenger’s seat. “You wanna pick one to put in?” he asked. Mary pulled herself out of her slouch.
Mary didn’t know how to feel about hearing her son say something like that so casually. “Yeah, good idea,” she started, then her stomach growled loudly. “I guess I could go for some food first, though,” Mary admitted and even Sam laughed.
“I don’t think you’re supposed to say things like that,” Sam said, frowning. “It’s --” But he pressed his lips shut because he definitely didn’t want to call Dean homophobic for a third time.
“Listen,” Sam said, a little worried. “I know this is hard, okay? All this adjusting. We’re really glad you’re trying.”
Cas looked at Dean for a long moment and then said without any inflection. “Yes. Ha ha. I’m joking.” He got out of bed and headed for the shower, leaving Dean confused and stumbling behind him.
Together? Mary’s face must have shown her confusion, because Dean -- of all people -- jumped in to clarify.
“You don’t go into someone’s living room and take a steaming shit, Sam, no matter if they notice or not.”
Dean’s face felt like it was on fire. He did his level best to ignore this fact. The spatula nearly slipped out his hand. “Heh.” He adjusted his grip -- firmly -- on the spatula. “Right. Um. You know.”
John disregarded them with a wave of his hand. “No,” he said, “I don’t mean this best friend nonsense, or helping out with raising the child. I mean, a family. I’m sorry I didn’t do better Dean. Didn’t show you better. I know that’s on me.”
Dean grinned through a mouthful of food at Sam. “I keep telling you, eating meat is ethical up here.”
Sam, practiced in years of not raising to Dean’s obvious bait, ignored this comment. “So,” he said. “You and men. Did dad know?”
“I want to keep my options open,” Jack told him seriously while Cas shook his head fondly in the background.
Dean blinked back something that started to sting in the back of his eyes and agreed. “Yeah,” he said. “After everything.”
Dean stuck his finger threateningly in her face. “Don’t you get any ideas.” He turned back to Sammy. “You either, okay? Jack’s got special privileges.”
“No,” Sam said. “I -- uh --” The next words that tumbled out of his mouth surprised Sam more than Jack. What Sam meant to say was that no, it wasn’t a human thing, he was just in shock. What he said was: “Dean’s homophobic.”
Dean nodded in agreement and took them off the highway, down to an empty stretch of road, letting Baby fly the way she was meant to while Mary sat, feeling the music wash against her as they crunched gas down to Kansas. Felt like she was moving and sitting still at the same time.
Dean was gaping openly at him. “Are you trying to tell me about your college experimentation? Sam, what the fuck? Is that -- is that what you think you’re supposed to do when someone comes out to you?”
-- of his room, bright red and rumpled but otherwise no different than the last time Sam had seen him, the toilet was unclogged and Jack was outside doing target practice with the birds. This was a game Jack had invented with Dean where the two of them would lob pieces of bread in the middle of a group of pigeons and bet on which one would get it first. Jack liked to use his angel powers. Dean liked to call him a cheater and punch his shoulder. This, Sam supposed, was the least repressed way Dean could think of to instigate male bonding. It really wasn’t great, Sam thought, but Jack seemed to like it. Then again, Jack didn’t know any better. Sometimes, Sam felt bad for Jack.
“I bet you just sat in the library and studied,” Dean said and crossed his arms. “Didn’t even suck a dick. Probably didn’t even smoke weed. Definitely didn’t do any acid --”
“The flat hard backing of the couch leg is much better for his back that a soft, pillow-y cushion.” Cas sounded miffed.
Dean blinked. “Because you’re -- and the way you kept going on about dating other people and then when I caught you with the magazine and everything. I thought, I dunno, that you might be,” Dean paused.
“Oh?” Castiel gave Dean one of his favorite innocent faces. “I thought you liked it when I took you?”
“I was trying to create,” Mary said haltingly, repeating Dean’s words back at him, “a, you know, safe space. In case either of you were homosexuals.”
“He’s okay,” Sam reassured her. “And he’s -- well. He’s what passes for happy with Dean, you know? We got Cas hanging around. That always perks him right up. Don’t worry about Dean.”
Dean choked on his beer. “I’m sorry,” he said. “Were you there for those fights you used to have with dad about “those fucking queers”?” Dean asked. “I mean, I would have assumed you were there given that you started about half of them, but hey. What do I know? Apparently you were just doing those fights just for kicks.”
Dean hit Sam, lightly, across the chest. “They weren’t even mine,” Dean protested. “Just some weird crap lying around the Bunker.” He thought about it for a second. “And they’re women! What about girly mags screamed homo to you?”
“No, seriously, dude. This is heaven. What, you concerned about the environment? We’re dead. This is as ethical as it’s going to get --”
“Right,” Mary agreed. “I guess they could marry other women. If they wanted to. But it sounds like they don’t want to,” she continued, banally, kind of wishing she could stop. She kept her eyes on the road and not on Dean, who she was hyper-aware of in the periphery. She could hear his snort better than she could see it.
They sat in the car to wait for Dean to answer the call of the wild. Mary checked the time again when he got back into the car. Just under eight hours left. Fantastic.
“Dude, has mom been talking to you about these “people” she used to date?” Mary frowned. She hadn’t said it like that. That made it sound like --
If there was a difference between how they eroticized the men versus the women, she couldn’t see it.
Dean does not want to be having this conversation. He does not want to be having this conversation right now. He especially didn’t want to be having this conversation right here in front of everyone. Dean didn’t even think he was particularly well suited to this type of conversation. But Dean has a duty to Jack and if Dean can force a few words, make the kid feel a bit less shitty, hell. No skin off his back.
“How long has this been going on?” Sam blurted out without meaning to. Oh. This was fun. Apparently this was something he was still doing. Just. Blurting out things.
Jack smiled widely. “Cool,” he said. Dean ruffed his hair and passed him the big knife, plastic cutting board and seventeen potatoes.
Mary pulled the magazine closer and crossed her legs. She thought about it. She flipped between two of the double paged sex scene advertisements.
“You probably could,” Cas pointed out philosophically. “Dean has bonded homophobically with many men.” Cas plowed on, ignoring Dean’s squawking behind him. “He only had sex with a few of them, though. But you shouldn’t.”
“I don’t want Sammy hearing any of this shit,” Dean said at the same time, still bright red. Cas, of course, deferred to Dean, completely ignoring Sam now. Sam resisted the urge to impale himself on the counter.
"In my room," Sam yelled back, way too loud. Dean could feel a light throbbing behind his eyes, and he knew immediately that in a few hours, he'd have a huge headache. With a deep breath, he opened the beer and headed to the living room, flopping down on the couch with a groan. Luckily, he didn't have to work on Mondays, so he could just relax and try to forget about everything that had happened in the past hour. Charlie hadn’t texted back yet, but he wasn't expecting her to answer, since he knew she was working.
Sam sighed, but luckily, he seemed to let it go for now, so Dean quickly finished cleaning the plate and got another beer out of the fridge. He waited until Sam left and went to his room, before he opened the cupboard quietly and got a glass out. He knew he shouldn't drink, shouldn't have even started, but for the first time in a long time, he felt like he needed it, and he was an adult, so why not, right?
Castiels eyes grow wide and all the sensations push him over the edge too, Deans voice, the feeling of Deans orgasm, Deans words. His head falls forwards, right against the hunters collarbone again and he mumbles Deans name over and over, not even stopping when the waves of pleasure start to fade.
Cas groans, trying to understand all the sensations, his head dropping forward against Deans collarbone. "Dean..." he whispers, even though it sounds more like a shaky breath.
With a grunt, Dean pushed his plate away, feeling too nauseous to eat any more, and with surprise he noticed that his eyes were wet when he looked at the TV again. Just to check, he raised a hand to his cheek and yes, there were definitely tears. With an angry noise, he wiped them away, then lifted his shirt a little to dry his eyes, just in time, because he could hear the front door opening.
Dean blinked a few times and shook his head, before he turned to look at Lisa. Clearly, she had been trying to talk to him for a while now, her face said it all.
Castiel stepped to the side so that Dean could enter, and out of habit, the first thing he did was take his shoes off. Castiel didn't say a thing about it, though he watched Dean curiously. When Dean was done, he was led through the living room into a short hallway with three doors, two on the left and one on the right side. Castiel opened the one on the right and gestured for Dean to step in, so he did.
"Yeah, just like this. And now, you... you'll open me up. There. But do it slowly." The hunter points to his ass and lifts his legs a bit so that Cas can see what he means.
Their break lasts only a short while, because this time, Dean puts one of his hands on the back of Castiels head and pulls him close again.
But also, he feels like it isn't enough. He wants more. More of this. More of Dean. He pushes the hunters head away, gently, but determined. Dean looks up confused, but gasps when Cas pulls him up again and turns them around. He's hovering above the hunter once more, licking his lips, staring right into his soul.
Dean wasn't able to finish his sentence, even though he tried. His breath quickened and his vision got blurry, while his head felt like floating through thin air. He knew exactly what was happening, knew that he should be able to get over it by now, but the knowledge didn't make the situation any less scary. Once again, his heartbeat rose and he grabbed the couch to have something to focus on, something to calm himself down.
"Cas, I..." is all that comes out of his mouth, broken and sad, before he finally gives in and leans forward, brushing his lips over the ex-angels ones just for a second. That second is enough, enough to break every wall he'd built up over the years.
When he arrived, he'd worked himself up so hard that he could feel every part of his body shivering. He turned off the engine and stared at the building right in front of him. At first, he was sure he got the wrong address, because this was just a simple house with a nice little garden, no doctor's building like he'd expected. Just to make sure, he pulled out his phone and checked it again, but nope, this was the right house.
Cas nods and leans down to kiss the hunter once more, soft and gentle. He starts moving again and as soon as he feels the friction and Deans already clenching muscles around him, his pace falters a bit and he lets out a surprised moan, while he repositions his knees because he slid away a bit.
Cas can't take it anymore, he can't survive much longer like that, at least he feels so, so he grabs Deans head and presses him down again.
He could hear Castiel's voice, though it seemed to come from far, far away. His eyes slipped closed and he did what he'd been reading once: a deep breath in through the nose, a deep one out through the mouth. He was focusing so hard on his breathing, that the sudden, warm touch on both of his shoulders startled him and his eyes snapped open again, just to get greeted by an ocean of clear blue.
"Dean, I... I feel... strange..." Cas almost moans and a shiver runs down his spine. He's never felt anything like this before. Slowly, his hands leave Deans cheeks and drift down his neck, his shoulders, across his collarbones, right to his chest. The moves he makes feel like they aren't his own anymore, the instinct of his human body seems to take over and he couldn't be more thankful.
"C'mon buddy, don't be like that now." Deans voice is just a mumble and again, he stares at the ground.
When he was done, he headed back to the living room and sat down on the couch to watch some TV while he was eating, but even though he tried to focus on whatever was on right now, his mind kept wandering. He thought about just getting over it and visiting his father - but as soon as his mind went there, his stomach turned and a wave of nausea hit him. He knew he shouldn’t feel like that about his father but with everything that had happened in the past, he couldn’t help himself.
If possible, Dean's eyebrows drew even more together and he smacked like a little child, which earned him another low rumble of Castiel's laughter.
He could feel how Lisa wrapped her arms around his neck and his smile grew, but only for a few seconds, because what she said next made him freeze.
Dean wasn't the type of person who randomly started talking about his feelings, but he knew that Lisa would understand him, she would listen to him. However, this time she furrowed her brows and gave Dean a look that made him question if he'd actually seen what happened.
Dean's voice was raspy and he cleared his throat, while he tore his gaze away from Castiel and looked around in the room once more.
With a snort, Dean rolled his eyes, and even though Cas said it was okay, he still felt bad for how he reacted.
"Listen, you know how I see him. If you wanna go visit him, go ahead, but don't make me go there," Sam mumbled, his face expressionless.
"Woah, who hurt you?" Sam asked as he stepped into the kitchen as well, putting down two bags with, for Dean's taste, way too much green in there.
Biting his bottom lip, Dean lowered his head and closed his eyes. He was thinking about not telling Sam, but since he was friends with Charlie as well, he'd find out eventually.
"Yes, I can. I just did it." With these words and a little smirk, Cas leans down and licks over the tip of Deans throbbing cock, moaning by the taste and the feeling of it. Dean inhales depply and tries not to show how much this little touch affects him, but his body isn't that reserved and his cock twitches, while a drop of precum forms on its tip.
Dean was a little startled by that, because how was he supposed to smell two different things at the same time? He took a deep breath through his nose anyway, his brows furrowed.
Dean lets out a loud and throaty moan, his cock twitching and his muslces around Cas clenching. "Didn't know that... it would feel like... THIS..." His voice sounds more like a moan and he wraps his arms around Castiels neck, pulling him down into a wild and messy kiss.
Dean sat up slowly, and even though he was expecting Castiel to be mad, he didn't think that it would hit him that hard.
Cas gasps once more, the feeling of Deans skin on his dick almost overwhelms him. "Dean, please... do something..." he whines and squirms.
There was nothing but silence on the other end for a few seconds, before Dean could hear a deep sigh. Well, shit, he was in trouble.
A sudden boost of confidence makes Castiel sit up too, just to press Dean down into the sheets. He climbs on top of him, his knees next to Deans thighs and leans down to kiss him, wild and messy this time. Dean whimpers quietly when Cas pushes him down, but he doesn't complain. He wraps his arms around the angels back and pulls him closer, moaning by the feeling of skin to skin, hot and soft and... different than with every woman he'd slept before.
assumptions? He didn't know Dean at all, had no idea what he went through, and then he thought he'd know what was going on inside him just from reading his
"I just want you to think about it, alright? How about we try this again, but maybe… in more familiar surroundings for you? We could go and get a coffee, or we could get dinner, just like friends. If it doesn't work out like that, I won't charge you for anything. I'm not only doing this job for money Dean, I actually want to help people."
"Yes, this is my home. I can understand that you're surprised, but for me, the most important thing is to make my patients feel as comfortable as possible, which is why I chose to have my appointments at home. I also have an office, if you'd feel more comfortable with-"
At first, Dean thought that his mother actually didn't care, but when he got older, he noticed all those little things. How she flinched whenever John stepped close to her, how she always tried to please him, no matter how bad she felt. Basically, his childhood was a nightmare, but luckily, he got out. His life now was much better, even though he still had nightmares from time to time. When that happened, Lisa was always there to calm him down. She told him that it's okay, that it's not his fault and that he was out of there, but the sour taste in his mouth didn't go away. When the nightmares were really bad, he used to call his mom, no matter what time it was, just to check if she was okay.
"It's nothing mom, really, I just… something happened today and, y'know, it - it brought back some memories."
Dean leans back again and holds his breath, his eyes also filled with tears. "You - you know that it's there. It always was. But... it's too dange-" He can't finish his sentence, because Cas leans forward again and presses his lips against Deans. He waits a few seconds, before he leans back once more and looks into the hunters eyes, these oh so beautiful green eyes.
The hunter slowly opens his eyes now and cups the angels cheek, caressing it softly with his thumb and smiling heavenly, before he leans forward and places a soft kiss on his lips. Both of them breathe heavily and just stare into the others eyes until they calmed down a bit.
Dean raised one of his eyebrows and leaned forward, now more interested in his brother's life than ever. There clearly seemed to be something wrong, judging by Sam's deep sigh and how his head dropped back onto the backrest.
The man held out his hand for Dean to shake, but Dean was too busy staring. The man was a little shorter than him, black hair, blue eyes, nerdy glasses. He was wearing regular jeans and a plain, black shirt, which made his arms look
thing he could think about for days. He still wasn't too happy about the idea, but what the hell, right? Maybe it could help him fix some things that bothered him, and if not, he'd at least tried.
"Shut up, I'll find a way. I'll find a way for everything..." Deans voice already drifts off, but he fights against the sleep.
"Feel what?" The hunters voice is tense, his heart racing in his chest. No, he's not feeling it. He's denying it. Denying it for so long.
"You aren't playing fair, you know that, right?" Dean groaned while his head dropped back. He really didn't want to do it, but now that Cas brought Charlie in, he couldn't say no anymore, could he?
Slowly, Dean pushed his body up onto his elbows, the phone clutched between his ear and his shoulder.
Dean looked down at his folded hands then, thinking about what to say, but his brain seemed to be completely empty all of a sudden. Silence stretched out between them, and Dean was sure Sam wasn't even expecting him to say something else, but for some reason, he opened his mouth before he could even think about it.
The hunter swallows hard, staring at Cas like he has never stared at anyone else before. "I... I can't... you have to be safe. You have to stay away. They will find out and they... they will kill you..." he whispers, his heart racing and his hands shaking.
With a jaw-cracking yawn, Dean got rid of his clothes and stepped under the shower, realizing too late that the water wasn't heated up at all. Silently cursing his brother when the cold jet of water hit him, Dean turned the temperature up and stepped aside, waiting for the water to turn warm. The second time he stepped under it, he realized that he was shaking, though he wasn't sure if it was because the room was way too cold, or because of his nerves.
Dean's first thought was to say no, to tell Castiel to fuck off, but when he kept talking, something inside of Dean seemed to change. He knew he needed help, had known it for a long time already, but this was the first time that he was actually considering getting it. Cas seemed to care about people, not just his job, and because his words seemed fucking genuine, it was easy to believe him.
Dean swallowed, but nodded once and opened his mouth, but no words came out. He started to feel dizzy, so he was sure he was hyperventilating, but even though he wanted to, he couldn't stop it.
Dean put the cup in the sink, before he turned around without another word, his arms crossed in front of his chest.
"Alright, what if I promise to try not to analyze you? What if we just talk, and we both don't think about it as therapy, it's more like… getting to know each other. As - as friends, I mean."
"You know what, I met Naomi on my way back. We talked for a while and she asked if we wanted to come over to have coffee together."
"My girlfriend- Jess, you know - dumped me. She said that it seems like studying is more important to me than to keep the relationship going, and that she was trying, but she thinks this isn't going to work out."
Why was everyone expecting him to go, anyway? That was one thing he didn't understand at all, because most of the people in his life knew how he and his brother had been treated by John. It wasn't even because of the punches he'd had to endure, or that he’d had to be the one who basically raised Sam. No, what stopped him from visiting John was the constant let downs over the years. Dean knew that he shouldn't have kept expecting that much, not after the first few times, but whenever his father promised something, Dean just couldn't help it. His hopes got raised and crashed, over and over and over again.
Without even waiting for an answer, Dean ended the call as quickly as possible, before he dropped the phone on the table and rubbed his eyes with a groan. There he was, thinking that he wouldn't meet this guy ever again not even an hour ago, but for some reason, he agreed to try it again. He got up , his whole body feeling kind of heavy, thanks to the panic attack earlier, and opened the fridge -  but decided against getting another beer. Instead, he got out the leftovers from the day before, some kind of casserole Sam had made, and heated it up in the microwave.
Dean knew that his voice sounded different, he knew that his mom would notice, but technically it wasn't a lie. Sure, he was totally happy with Lisa, but those
Lisa let go of his face and sat down next to him, taking his hand and squeezing it softly. That those blue eyes were still popping up in his head every time he wasn't careful, he didn't mention.
God, his voice sounded even deeper through the phone. Dean once again lay down on the couch, his head near the phone, and tried to take some deep breaths, but without success.
Slowly, he sat up again, his nerves on edge, and he grabbed the phone. Just as he opened his contact list, Charlie's words echoed through his brain. He knew that he was a dick, and he knew he should apologize, but right now, he needed help, and wasn't that what Castiel was there for.
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” Dean whispered, finally understanding. He vowed to do everything in his power to stay safe for as long as he could. Dean didn’t know how much time he’d have with Cas, but he didn’t want to be the reason their time together ended too soon.
Leave it to Cas to hit the nail on the head, exposing Dean’s biggest fears in one fell swoop. Dean nodded once.
As he stumbles down the hallway, blood rushes through Dean’s ears, drowning out the noise of the bar, narrowing his focus to the sex-haired angel in front of him. The one with an iron grip on Dean’s bicep.
One night in the library, Dean wordlessly hands him a mug of coffee and his cellphone before turning on his heel.
“Why’d you have to hit me?” Dean snarled, though no real malice was behind it. His gaze locked on those stunning blue eyes. The blood rushed to Dean’s cheeks as soon as he took stock of their current position. He could feel Cas,
Cas’ fingers retreat, Dean’s ass clenching around nothing, desperate to be filled once more. Those strong arms wrap around Dean’s waist so that Cas’ hands are firmly planted on Dean’s ass cheeks, effectively trapping his thighs to the sides of Cas’ body. There’s pressure pushing at his hole and he gasps in anticipation, but Castiel doesn’t penetrate him.
“I opened myself up for you, Dean,” he whispered. “So that when we returned to the bunker, I could do
The car ride was quiet. As soon as they made it through the bunker, Cas pounced. The two of them fumbled down the hallway, moving toward Dean’s bedroom between frantic kisses and desperate attempts to shed clothing.
He stares at Cas’ beautiful dick, licking his lips in anticipation. He leans forward, mouth open and ready, before Cas’ hand catches his chin, pulling his face up until Dean’s eyes snap up to his bright blue ones. Cas shakes his head, making a ‘tsk’ sound at Dean, before he reaches down to stroke himself.
“Do you even know why I’m upset, Dean?” Cas seethed, inching forward with every loaded word. “Do you honestly think I’m mad because you didn’t invite me? You think I feel left out?”
right. His cock, hanging heavy between his legs, was swollen and throbbing, leaking precome. His entire body thrummed with energy and begged for release. Just when he thought he couldn’t take anymore, Cas’s tongue disappeared and hands released him.
The sudden fluttering in his chest takes him by surprise, but he smiles. He knows this feeling and he’ll know it for the rest of his human life:
When Dean locked them into his bedroom for the rest of the week, worshiping Castiel’s body, nipping and licking and kissing and — well, he wasn’t ready for that either.
Cas began pounding into Dean, setting a relentless pace, pulling moans of pleasure from his charge. Before long, Dean’s arms gave out and he face planted on the bed, his ass still in the air taking a beating from Cas’s cock.
This continued for a few minutes until Dean traded the feather for a HotHands pack. He always kept them in the car in case he and Sammy got cold during a stakeout, but tonight was a special occasion that called for extra stimuli. Dean opened the package and waited a few seconds for the pack to warm up while he fished an ice cube out of his drink and plopped it in his mouth. He pressed the warm pack to Cas repeatedly in various places (the top of his thigh, his stomach, his collarbone) as his mouth trailed ice-cold kisses all over his body.
Dean chuckles. He’s gotta hand it to her, she’s using his line as good as he ever did. It’s like meeting himself as a chick. Too bad he’s happily head over heels for an angel — five years ago he would have been smitten with her.
Dean licked his lips nervously and exhaled slowly. He needed to take a step back before things got hairy, but he just couldn’t bring himself to move.
When he broke apart from Cas and stood back panting, he was pleasantly surprised at the results. Cas' hair stuck up on ends, his lips were swollen and red, and his eyes were wide in a daze. The angel was equal parts confused, aroused and irritated, leaving him speechless. All of which elicited a chuckle from Dean.
He let out a small, surprised chuckle.  Dean was amazed his idea actually worked. His widened eyes landed on Castiel’s proud gaze then dropped to his mouth, where a small grin tugged at one side.
Dean rubbed his hands together in glee before stepping under the cascade of hot water. After washing his hair like he usually would, Dean took extra time lathering up, creating generous suds all over his body.
Dean didn’t know what to say. How many times had he and Sam done exactly that? Charged into the line of fire? Sure, they’d been bruised and beaten and maybe a little worse for wear, but they always walked away from it. How was tonight any different?
He runs with Sam, works out in the weight room, feels his human muscles strain and grow with every repetition.
Dean made sure Cas' car was stocked with supplies before sending Sammy on his way. He waited until the car was out of sight before taking off toward the garage. Baby was due for an oil change and damn if a sex bucket list was going to get in the way of his meticulous maintenance schedule.
She pops in on a Friday night, just long enough to drop her bag in a room and bully them into dinner and a night on the town.
Dean didn’t have to look, he had stopped dead in his tracks when he made it within 20 feet of them. Cas’s left arm was wrapped low around his partner’s waist, settling in the small of her back, pushing her hips into his. His right arm skated over her shoulder blade and slowly inched up toward the back of her neck. The blood rushed to Dean’s cheeks. He didn’t want to watch, didn’t want to see Cas like this, but he couldn’t look away.
Dean grimaced as two of Cas’s fingers plunged deep inside him without warning, breaching his tight hole. Dean laid pinned beneath Cas, incapable of fending off or ignoring the sting between his legs...or his aching cock. Dean whimpered, back arching off the bed as Cas’s fingers hammered into him hard and fast. Cas added another finger, stretching Dean impossibly wide, finger fucking him without abandon. When Cas’s fingers curled and brushed against Dean’s prostate, Dean cried out, feeling his orgasm racing quickly to the surface. Before he could come, Cas’s fingers left his ass just as quickly as they’d entered.
If Sam noticed Cas' attention wavering, he never said a word. He continued yammering about books and symbols and Chuck knows what else, giving Dean time to plant kisses down Cas' neck until reaching that ultra-sensitive patch of skin between his neck and collarbone. This wasn’t meant to be a continuation of Dean’s teasing, it was just a quick show of affection as a peace offering, but apparently, Cas didn’t see it that way. Before he could mark the angel’s neck, Dean was wrapped in a tight embrace and spun around, back slammed against the kitchen counter.
“Dean, it is not enough to know how to fend off an attacker,” Cas reasoned. “You might need to subdue a miscreant and maximizing leverage in this position would be your best option.”
Things can’t go back to the way they were. Living in willful denial is one thing, but knowing that Dean doesn’t want Castiel in the same way, that he knows he deserves better...it’s too much.
But they can’t work it out, can they? Dean doesn’t want an ex-angel with no discernible skills and an abrasive personality. He said it himself, Dean deserves better. More.
When Castiel’s grace was stripped away, leaving him shockingly, indisputably human, the overwhelming number of sensations that flooded his body brought him to his knees.
Cas’s fingers wrapped around Dean’s hips tight enough to leave a bruise and flipped him over, pulling him up on all fours. Dean steadies himself, breathing deeply, prepared for Cas to claim him and fuck him into oblivion.
"Ay carumba," Dean crooned. "Wouldn't mind gettin' wrapped up in that burrito, if you know what I mean."
Dean chewed on his lower lip, gathering up the courage to actually voice his feelings for once in a goddamn while. That earlier fear and ache he felt in his chest spurred him to continue.
Then she leaned down to kiss him and Dean kissed her back, but kept it innocent. His wife seemed to notice what he was doing and slowly, her hand slipped under his shirt and wandered up, but he stopped her when she reached his chest.
Dean startled by Lisa's voice and sat up quickly. His eyes jumped to the clock, just to see that he had been asleep for almost four hours. With a yawn, he rubbed his face and stretched his body, before he stood up and headed to the kitchen, where Lisa's voice seemed to come from. As soon as she saw him, a smile spread on her face and she walked over to him to give him a quick kiss.
Before he entered, his gaze jumped to Sam's door, which was opened wide. Of course his little brother was up already, but the whole apartment was completely silent, so he must've already left, for whatever reason. With a shrug, Dean turned on the light in the bathroom and closed the door behind him, just in case Sam decided to come back again. His fresh clothes found their place on the closed toilet and he turned to glance into the mirror. The dark circles under his eyes weren't
The hunter sits up with a sudden move, which gives him a confused look by the man next to him, but as soon as Dean pulls his own shirt over his head, Cas smiles and mimics the movements, so that both of them are shirtless within seconds.
Castiel didn't seem surprised and just nodded, before he wrote something else down. Stretching his neck, Dean tried to read the notes subtly, but Castiel was holding the notebook at an angle that made it impossible for Dean to read anything.
"Not funny, Samantha. Charlie is practically forcing me. Called three times this morning and would've called even more often if I wouldn't have picked up."
. His hair was ruffled like he'd just gotten out of bed, and Dean felt the strange urge to push his hands through it, just to feel if it was as soft as it looked like.
Dean was sure his surprise was visible on his face, judging by how the corner of Castiel's mouth turned up.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With a frustrated groan, he turned the music's volume up completely and took the glass, just to empty it once again with one big gulp. His eyes were prickling and his hands were shaking almost uncontrollably, but luckily, the alcohol helped him keep his emotions at bay, helped him to relax. If he'd get drunk just this one day, especially when he'd just stay inside wouldn't hurt anyone, would it?
"Okay, what's going on? Usually you can't keep your mouth shut, and then, not even breakfast? Dean, what happened?"
Dean had to swallow, because even though he knew Sam was right, hearing his little brother say it out loud was something else entirely.
The former angel nods and takes another two steps towards Dean, entering his personal space, even though he's aware that he shouldn't. "Please. Don't do this. I'll go. I'll leave you without a single word, but don't tell me you're not feeling it too."
"Do you feel better?" Castiel asked eventually, and Dean nodded, his eyes still closed, before he remembered that the other man wasn't actually there.
"How's it possible that you're a shrink? No offense, but you don't look much older than me. Aren't there like… a million years at college or some shit?"
"...Don't you feel it, too?" Castiels voice is as silent as Deans was and he slowly looks up, blue eyes meeting green ones.
The thing was, Sam didn't even know the whole story. Dean had always made sure he wasn't there when John got home, completely drunk, and started throwing things. Sam didn't know that the bruises on his arms hadn't been accidents. Hell, Sam didn't know that when their father had been in a good, drunk, sleepy mood, he tended to-
about that, Dean. You have to understand that there has to be some kind of trust first. Just go, and if you don't like it, or Castiel for that matter, I won't bother you ever again."
No, of course he couldn't tell her. Lisa rolled her eyes because of his language, but she stopped correcting him a long time ago. She placed one last kiss onto Dean's lips, before she climbed down from him and looked at her phone.
Lisa knew about almost everything, knew how he and Sam got treated in their childhood, how their dad used to come home late at night, completely drunk, just to beat the shit out of them. Of course, Dean always took the hits to protect his brother, but he never understood how his mom didn't seem to care at all. When they were alone at home one night, he tried to talk to her, tried to tell her what's happening in their house when she was sleeping, but she just brushed it off and told him to 'stop spreading lies'.
Dean stared at his phone, tears in his eyes, but he blinked them away quickly. One day, he would get her out of there. With another sigh, he threw his phone on the table in front of him and lay down on the couch, trying to focus on the movie that was playing, but soon, his eyes fell shut. At first he tried to stay awake, but after a while, he let it happen, let sleep take over, hoping that he wouldn't be such a mess anymore after some sleep.
Deans hands slide across Castiels skin like it's something he has done a thousand times before already and a smile spreads on his lips. Everything feels natural, everything feels like it's meant to be.
Since when did she talk like that? Usually, she was nice and worried and caring, but right now, Dean felt like he was just punched in the face.
Light? Oh, right. He turned his head to look out of the front window and kept driving. Just then, he started to notice that his hands were clenched around the steering wheel, hard enough that his knuckles had turned completely white. He tried to relax them and focus on the traffic, but soon his mind wandered back once again. What was this bitch thinking, huh? Her son was an adult for fucks sake, no need to treat him like that in front of other people.
"I know that you're not the type for apologies, but Castiel is one of my closest friends, and he deserves it. He was just trying to help, he's a good guy."
Again, a lie, but what could Dean do? Tell his wife that he couldn't stop thinking about Castiel, the mysterious guy who happened to have the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen and the deepest voice he'd ever heard? Who looked good, even in that stupid robe? The guy who got treated like shit by his mother?
"Good. What we just did, it's called grounding. It helps you focus on anything else than your own body. Mostly, it's used for panic attacks, or for out-of-body-experiences. Do you often have panic attacks, Dean?"
"Do you remember the steps?" Castiel asked, his voice calm and soothing, and Dean tried to focus on that.
Dean turned around and left the kitchen immediately, but of course Lisa followed him. Back in the living room, he sat down on the couch and took the remote, but his wife stepped right in front of him to block his view.
Dean clenched his jaw, but he didn't answer right away. He took a deep breath, then another, until he was sure that his voice would be steady enough to talk.
A quiet moan escapes Cas and again, he's surprised because of his own body, but it just feels too good to question it.
"Shit, won't last long like that..." Dean huffs out and tries to pull his waist back a bit, but Cas immediately follows and starts to kiss down Deans neck.
"Not really. It's just… weird, you know? I thought this would work out for once, but I guess I was wrong."
Dean chuckles shortly. "Yeah, I know. Just need a bit more time." He starts exploring the angels upper body with his lips, kissing, licking, biting, all the way down, until he reaches the waistband of his jeans.
Cas moans quietly into the kiss and presses one of his fingers against the hunters hole, until the tip of it slips in.
There was silence on the other end of the phone, but then he heard a grunt and a few moments later, he could hear his mother's voice.
The former angel waits a few more moments, before he slowly starts moving. His thrusts are hesitant at first, just like when he rubbed his cock against Deans, but after some seconds he finds a slow rhythm, which feels more than good.
Dean chuckles, his heart aching with love for the totally innocent angel. "You lube your fingers with it. Make sure that it's lubed good enough, otherwise you'll probably hurt me."
Again, Dean needed a few seconds to actually understand what Lisa was saying, but then he just shrugged.
"Just like that, you're doing great. Now, name four things you can touch. It could be anything, it just has to be in reach."
He could hear his mother sigh and even though they haven't seen each other in a few weeks, he could still tell what expression must be on her face.
He closes the door as silent as he can and a smile spreads on his face. He sighs and feels like a big weight just dropped from his shoulders, before he decides to do some more research, because he isn't feeling tired at all.
"You're home already? You were gone for half an hour," Sam mumbled when he stepped into the living room and sat down next to Dean. As soon as he noticed the beer bottle in his older brother's hand, he raised an eyebrow.
For a second, Dean thought about snapping back, but he knew that his brother was right, so he just shrugged and turned his head again to find some
He knew it was a lie, but he also knew that this was his best chance to get some time alone, to be able to get those thoughts out of his head. Why did he even care? It's not like he didn't have his own family problems, so why should he care about others? He also was alone most of his life, no one ever truly cared about him, except for maybe his brother, Sam, but since he moved out and went to college, Dean was all alone - until he met Lisa.
"When you have them in the future, try what we just did. You don't have to say it out loud, you can do it in your head, though talking is more effective. Do you remember the things or do you want me to write them down?"
"Let's say three times a week is often, and once every two weeks isn't often, how often do you have those panic attacks, Dean?"
Just when he was sure nobody would answer, the door moved wide open and a man, the same age as Dean, maybe just a little older, appeared with a warm, soft smile.
Dean furrows his brows, looking at his angel in confusion. "Mean what?" he asks curiously, his hand not leaving Cas' now pretty warm skin.
look at the other man. He had a similar body to Dean, even though Castiel’s arms and his thighs were a bit thicker than Dean’s own. The dark blue jeans he was wearing hugged his legs nicely, and were so tight in some places that Dean was worried they would rip as soon as Castiel moved.
Sam's eyes grew three sizes bigger for a second, but he got his face under control again immediately.
Suddenly, a huge shiver runs down Deans spine and his eyes fall shut. This feels good. More than good. Better than he'd imagined. The little burning sensation makes it even better and he relaxes his body completely, making sure that Cas can finish his work as fast as possible.
Dean had to close his eyes, but the second he did, there were images of his dad, all alone in the hospital bed, not even able to eat. Guilt washed over him so fast that he shivered, and he nodded quickly.
Dean squirms under Cas, his eyes closed and his breath comes jagged. "Shit... Cas, move please..." he huffs out, but Castiel shakes his head. "You have to... get used to it. I won't... hurt you." His teeth are clenched and his eyes are also pressed shut, while he tries to figure out what this hot and burning feeling in his lower stomach means.
Dean quickly pulls down Castiels jeans and underwear, his cock jumping free and the hunter swallows hard. This is it, this is what he wanted for so long. What he's been hiding for years. Lazily, he wraps his hand around the angels shaft, which makes him shiver in pleasure.
"Shit, Cas..." Dean licks his lips, his breath hitched. He softly places his hands on Castiels waist and leans forward again, too tired to fight it anymore, his wall too damaged to hide his feelings any longer. When their lips meet, it's soft and gentle and both of their bodys start burning, unsaid feelings tingling in their chests, ready to come out, ready to show what's been hidden over the years.
That's everything Dean needs. His body reacts immediately and his cock twitches against Castiels hand, a quiet moan escaping him, which he notices with surprise, because normally, he has no problems with controlling himself. "Bed. Now."
"Alright, I have to get back to work. Please call Castiel and apologize. I'm not forcing you to make another appointment, just… be nice to the guy. Don't forget, okay?"
She lifted her hand and carefully put it on Dean's forehead, but he pushed it away and opened the door of the car to get out.
Dean dropped the keys on the kitchen table and opened the fridge to get out a beer. He knew he shouldn't drink, he hadn’t in years -  but after whatever that bullshit was today, he definitely needed a drink.
Dean had to hold back a laugh, because it was actually hilarious how surprised Castiel sounded all of a sudden.
Sam tore his gaze away from the TV to look at Dean, but Dean couldn't bring himself to meet his little brother's eyes, so he took his beer again instead and gulped down the other half of the bottle. Feeling Sam's eyes on him, he stood up and headed to the kitchen to get another one, but when he came back, Sam was still staring at him.
"Yeah, right," Dean mumbled and shook his head with a frown. As he grabbed his beer to take a sip, he remembered that he emptied it completely earlier, so he got up to get another one, but just when he arrived in the kitchen, the phone clamped between his ear and his shoulder, he heard something shatter at the other end of the line.
"Yeah, uh… y'know, actually I wanted to… I mean, I know it wasn't… look, I'm sorry, alright? I - I wasn't expecting you to be that honest to me, and it - it hit me, 'cause it freaked me out that you were right."
Just when this thought crossed his mind, blue eyes popped up in his head again and he clenched his jaw. No, not this again. Dean wasn't attracted to guys, not at all. He couldn't be. He shook his head and took off his jacket before he went straight to the living room, but not without getting a coke out of the fridge first.
"That's great sweetie, but how about we skip the part where you lie to me, I pretend I don't notice, but then you tell me anyway, hm?"
When he's done, he lays back down and pulls Cas into his arms, feeling totally tired all of a sudden.
, he thought, but even though his voice sounded a little shaky, his grip was firm, which seemed to impress the other man, judging on how he raised his eyebrow.
The ex-angel doesn't seem to care. He feels the blood of his now human body rushing through his veins, feels how his breath hitches with every single touch. He feels how his lungs fill with air when he leans back again, because he suddenly felt like he couldn't breathe, too lost in their kiss.
"I'm still not going back," he mumbled instead, his eyes still closed and his voice a little hoarse, so he cleared his throat quickly."Listen Charlie, I get that you're worried, and that you just want the best for me, but a shrink just isn't something for me, alright?"
Tasting Cas almost makes Dean come untouched, his prick leaking some precum into his underwear already.
Dean's gaze flicked to the TV when Sam turned it on, but immediately back to his brother. Usually, he'd just make a sarcastic comment and let it go, but Sam looked so lost in that moment that he sighed and put his beer down, before he turned to face his brother fully.
A warmth Dean didn't know he still could feel rushed through his chest, but he covered it with another eyeroll.
Dean starts grinning a bit, but then he leans down with another sudden move and playfully bites into Castiels neck. Cas rears up and whimpers after, feeling his cock twitch inside of his jeans. "Dean, it hurts..." he wails, feeling how his dick wants to get out of the fabric.
Dean's head snapped up and his whole body tensed immediately, the anxiety that he'd had before coming back with a force that almost gave him whiplash.
Dean swallowed, hypnotized by the way Castiel's eyes were glistening while he talked, and how fluidly smooth every one of his movements seemed.
"I'm just calling to remind you that you have an appointment today," Charlie chirped, and another groan left Dean's throat, while he rolled on his stomach and buried his face in the pillow underneath him.
"Y-yeah," he forced out, before he tried to take another deep breath, but failed miserably. His teeth were clenched together and his fingers started tingling, which was a bad sign, because the last time that happened, he fainted not long after.
Charlie sighed again, but then she mumbled a quick "Okay", before Dean heard something clunking in the background.
Dean bit his bottom lip, wondering if he really had been as rude as Charlie said, but before he could come to a conclusion, Charlie spoke again.
Dean felt like he just got hit in the face. He stared at Castiel, his mouth hanging wide open, but he snapped it shut as soon as he noticed. Anger bubbled up in his chest and he clenched his hands to fists once again, but before he could get a word out, Castiel spoke again.
Dean's mouth snapped shut immediately, and he had to swallow hard, before he was able to speak again.
, he got Sam's blow dryer out of the cupboard and dried his whole body with it. As soon as he was happy with the result, he put his clothes on, brushed his teeth and went to the kitchen to make some coffee. Just when he opened the fridge, there was a noise on the front door and he immediately froze. His hand clenched around the handle of the fridge and he couldn't move a single muscle anymore.
It vaguely occurs to him that they shouldn’t be doing this in the bar, where anybody could see them on their way to the bathroom. If Dean’s going to get his ass handed to him, it should at least be in private.
His eyes blur with unshed tears, a small smile tugging at his lips as he brings the phone to his ear to whisper, “Hello, Charlie.”
Dean trumped down to the kitchen, assuming it was Sammy on the phone. Cas leaned against the kitchen counter, right arm cradling his left elbow as he held the ancient flip-phone up to his ear.
Castiel keeps going, increasing both the pace and the depth every few minutes until he’s fucking Dean’s mouth with abandon. Dean’s jaw aches, his lips are tender, tears prick at the corner of his eyes, and he loves every fucking minute of it.
Sammy and Cas devoured stacks of blueberry pancakes as they talked through a potential hunt nearby, a lead that they younger Winchester was going to follow up on after breakfast. Dean wolfed down his chocolate chip pancakes, listening intently to their conversation, waiting for the opportune moment.
Dean reached up and pulled the earplugs out of Cas’s ears, leaving him with only the blindfold. Now that Cas had his hearing back, Dean began whispering to him, knowing the angel secretly loved dirty talk.
There are still, however, a few things they haven’t crossed off the list. Tonight’s top priority is going to require a little bit more finesse and
Cas ran those long, lithe fingers through Dean’s hair before grasping the back of his neck and pulling Dean forward to join their mouths.
Cas obeyed orders and wrapped a hand around his cock, stroking himself in time with Dean’s thrusts. The pace quickened. The only sounds in the room were straight out of Dean’s wet dreams, skin slapping on skin, harsh breathing and Cas’ pornographic moans.
Rude. During their last hunt, Dean tired out quickly and got his ass kicked before Castiel showed up to save the day, yet again. Dean knows he’s getting older and should probably start working out more, but he’d never admit that to Sam.
Reality is so much better. Cas pulled out the simple, black plug that he’d apparently been wearing all evening.
Cas kissed him violently, lips claiming his, teeth gnashing, tongue forcing its way into his surrendering mouth. Dean tried to kiss Cas back, regain some semblance of control, but he was powerless against the angel’s strength. Cas kissed Dean in such a way he could feel his walls crumbling down around him. When Cas finally released him, Dean gasped for air, lightheaded.
Dean is sweating, red in the face and breathing heavily. “Dammit, Cas, I’m trying!” Dean groans. He’s attempting to keep his shoulder from dislocating while trying not to think about how his hand is
Dean licked his lips, awaiting Cas' next move. The angel’s lips quirked at Dean’s nervous gesture; coming from anyone else, it would have been a full-on smirk.
The first time Dean and Cas had sex, it was everything that Dean was not accustomed to in the bedroom, but what he needed. What they both needed. Cas said something poignant for the hundredth time, along the lines of “I did it all for you, Dean; We’re family, I need you.”
Dean hurriedly rinsed, dried off and put on his clothes before unlocking the door. He was right about Cas standing outside the door, but he was wrong about the angel being annoyed. Cas is furious with a capital ‘F’ – his hands balled into fists at his sides, shoulders shaking slightly in anger. It's kinda hot.
The bittersweet smile he wears is quickly replaced when a woman leans against the bar, touches Dean’s arm and smiles, flirts and laughs shamelessly. Castiel bristles when Dean smiles back, though the smile doesn’t reach his eyes. He’s seen this before, witnessed Dean ‘work his magic’ in countless bars when Castiel was still an angel. It feels different now.
Dean would think Cas’ use of air quotes was adorable if he weren’t so mortified. His little brother, of all people, setting his
Dean ate his BLT sandwich at the dining table in the kitchen while he watched Cas busying himself around the kitchen, admiring the angel’s form in Dean’s tattered AC/DC shirt and the faded blue jeans he’d changed into after breakfast. Dean liked it when Cas wore his clothes; he looked smaller without that stupid trench coat and suit ensemble, but still radiated energy and power.
Castiel’s hand lingers there, long past the point of what he knows is acceptable. But he’s not letting go.
He paces in the War Room, clenching and unclenching his fists, pointedly ignoring the concerned looks from Charlie.
Castiel’s not sure how long he lies there staring at the ceiling. Long enough to know that he should have eaten something or at least left his room.
Cas silenced him with a hard kiss. Dean felt Cas’ warm hand at the back of his neck, insistently pulling him in, pressing their lips together even harder.
Cas has nice hands. Dean never really noticed before, but it’s hard not to when Cas’s long, thin fingers are around his neck…again. This time, he’s backed into a wall and Cas is standing in front of him, those brilliant blue eyes staring him down. He liked it better when he didn’t have to look at the angel’s face.
He rearranged himself and took a couple deep breaths. He can’t be mad at Cas for giving him a taste of his own medicine. He just needs to play it cool until tonight.
“Candice” - yeah, totally not buying that - keeps him occupied through another twenty minutes and three whiskeys. She’s fun to talk to, flirts at all the right moments, knows when to use her voice and when to use her body. In other words, she’s a pro.
Dean turns to leave and only then does Castiel realize he’s been silent too long and Dean — beautiful, uncertain Dean — thinks he’s been given an answer to a question that was never asked.
Maybe it’s wishful thinking or just a fucking bad idea, but that never bothered him before. Ever since Dean’s bucket list of ‘Naughty Things To Do With Castiel’ became a thing, he’s been checking sexcapades off left and right...except this one.
Dean’s hips bucked up into Cas' mouth on their own accord - he was prisoner to Cas' mouth and that was perfectly okay with him. He was close, so close…
Dean began making movements of his own. He thrust his hips up into Cas’ tight heat as his hands gripped the perfect globes of Cas’ ass, slamming Cas farther down on his cock with each thrust.
Dean’s Bucket List of ‘Naughty Things To Do with Castiel’ isn’t committed to paper, hanging on their fridge to check off as they go. It’s more of a tally in Dean’s head to pass the time...and maybe ensure he’s giving Cas the “full experience.” They’re still navigating this whole friends-with-benefits thing, but damn if Dean Winchester isn't going to make sure Cas enjoys it as much as he does.
There was something about Cas that was just so magnetic. Dean had experienced that pull many times before tonight, but this was different somehow. Seeing Cas move like that was…hell, it was sexy. And Dean had never
Dean had all of three seconds to mull that over before he’d been thrown over Castiel’s shoulder and hauled toward the bed.
Castiel hears his hushed whispers in the kitchen one morning, and can’t help but listen when he catches his name.
His cellphone rang, a loud rock-and-roll song startling them both before he answered with his usual greeting, “Hello, Dean.”
The pain of being split open on Cas’ cock, his muscles straining in the position, his back scraping against the wall — it's everything. He
“Dean,” Cas said, after enduring Dean’s show for an impressive fifteen minutes. “What are you doing?”
“Good, Dean.” Castiel tells him. “Now, grab my thumb with your left arm and pull down, keeping your elbows tucked in.”
Dean moans when Castiel’s thigh presses against the erection currently trapped in his jeans, and again when he feels the long, hard line of Castiel against him. The angel is enjoying this just as much as Dean is, apparently.
He wrapped one hand around the base of Dean’s cock as his tongue flicked out to taste the leaking precome beaded on the tip. Cas closed his eyes as if to savor it and Dean groaned. It was by far the sexiest damn thing Dean has ever seen in his life. His dick twitched with pleasure, bringing Cas out of taste-testing mode into
Dean decided to start out slow by placing light touches all over Cas’s body with no rhyme or reason to where he went next. His fingertips touched Cas’s left ear, then skipped over to his right nipple, down his ribcage to the underside of his left foot. At the same time, Dean was softly blowing warm breath on Cas’s hand, his collarbone, his hip, the inside of his ankle. That last one elicited a full body shiver from his angel.
As Cas listened to Sam, Dean picked up right where he left off, planting kiss after kiss along Cas' jaw and down his neck; his hands rubbed at Cas' muscled chest and tugged on his hair; his hips grinded in a slow circle in Cas' lap. Cas was growing less responsive to Sam by the second. Dean knew he’d never be able to say these words out loud, so he said a quick prayer in his head.
Her smile, her jokes, her willful optimism despite the darkness that polluted the bunker — it was easy to see why they wanted her there, why they called her to begin with. Sam was excited, ‘like an overgrown puppy’ Dean had said, and even the eldest Winchester seemed lighter somehow.
Sam finally recovered from shock and explained the “bull in a China shop” phrase Cas butchered before asking him if he obtained the necessary ingredients for their impromptu necklace barbecue.
Suddenly, Dean wasn’t hungry anymore. He dropped his burger on the plate and stared at his hands. He breathed in deep, trying to calm his queasy stomach.
Cas wraps his arms around Dean and pulls him closer while his tongue does magical things inside Dean’s mouth.
Dean swallowed around the sudden lump in his throat. He watched in amazement as the man above him shifted from
“Aww, Dean,” Sam teased. “Don’t be jealous. I’m sure Cas can teach you how to move like that if you ask nicely.”
Cas whimpered when Dean’s fingers disappeared from his ass and his mouth pulled off his cock. But Dean wasn’t going to leave his angel hanging for long, he was just as ready.
Dean’s always liked his sex a little fast and a little rough. All those one-night stands he picked up in seedy bars, they liked it, too. But he could never just let go the way he wanted. Ladies don’t like bruises.
Judging by the way Castiel is glaring at him in the rearview mirror from the backseat of the Impala, Dean thinks they might be having a fight and he doesn’t remember starting it. Huh.
,” Dean begs. He’s so awash in the pleasure and pain that he can’t stop babbling. “I can’t take it, please, I - I need you. Cas, please
Cas trailed off, suddenly looking embarrassed. The flush on his cheeks intensified. He took a moment to collect himself, then shook his head and started again.
“You are mine, Dean Winchester,” Cas says with eerie calmness as his hands ruck up Dean’s shirt and scratch up his stomach to tug at his nipples. Dean cries out when Castiel twists both nipples, sending a shockwave of pleasure straight to his dick.
Any further argument is abruptly cut off when Castiel angles his hips and nails Dean’s prostate one, two, three more times until he stills and comes inside Dean. Dean can feel every pulse of Cas’ cock, painting his insides and if he didn’t have this makeshift cock ring, that alone would have sent him over the edge.
Dean,” Cas panted. Dean felt Cas’s body tense and his balls draw up tight, so he pulled away before the angel came.
The door creaks open seemingly of its own volition while Dean stares at the floor in front of him. Castiel’s heart hammers in his chest, his hands suddenly clammy and eyes glued to the figure in the doorway.
That was all the encouragement Cas needed. Dean felt every inch of Cas' cock as he slowly pulled his hips back and pushed back into him, over and over again. It was overwhelming and
Man, he’s never gonna get tired of kissing those full pink lips. Ever. He poured everything he had into that one kiss. He felt Cas shiver under his hands as they moved up and down his sides.
“Actually, you know what?” Sam said after a sudden epiphany. “Why don’t you ask Castiel to practice with you in hand-to-hand combat? He’d be the perfect sparring partner – he’s stronger than you and never tires.”
A high-pitched ring caused both of them to break eye contact and snap their heads toward the kitchen. Dean visibly relaxed after recognizing Cas' ringtone.
he frowns at that. That doesn’t sound right. He’s been worried before, as an angel, and it didn’t feel like this. Like he’s on the verge of passing out or hanging his head over a toilet. Like he needs to shake his hands out every thirty seconds.
He can’t stop himself from thinking in circles and it festers like a wound he didn’t know he had. And —
Cas uses his silence and grabs him by the lapels to slam him into the nearest wall. A 1980’s era flower painting rattles somewhere near his head. Castiel crowds him, angled shoulders, hips and thighs pressing into every inch of Dean’s front.
All of the energy left Dean’s body and he would have collapsed if not for Cas holding Dean upright in his lap. Cas’s forehead came to rest between Dean’s shoulder blades, both of them panting from exertion. Cas mojo’d them both clean and laid Dean down on the bed, curling his body around Dean’s in a protective cocoon.
Ken Doll finally notices Dean and turns toward him, his broad chest and shoulders just inches from Dean’s face, forcing him to look up at the man. He’s just as good looking as she is, now that Dean can unashamedly appreciate the male form.
Sam lunged forward, snatched the necklace and took off toward the back door. He could handle the spell breaking on his own – and he probably didn't want to watch his brother spontaneously combust from eye sexing a former Angel of the Lord. Dean was rooted to the spot, his gaze locked onto Castiel’s striking blue eyes.
So slowly, he didn’t know it was happening until one day in a bar, someone asked him if he was jealous and he knew, deep down, that the answer could be nothing other than ‘yes.’
“To teach you a lesson,” Castiel deadpanned, not breaking eye contact. Dean snapped back to attention and looked down at Castiel, who was eyeing him with curiosity. That stupid, adorable head tilt be damned.
“I think I, uh, misinterpreted your silence earlier...I thought….” Dean waved a hand and trailed off, not sure he even wanted to speak the rest of that sentence out loud.
Dean glanced up at Cas to see if his silent prayer registered, pleased to see the angel’s eyes widen a fraction in recognition. By the time Cas hung up the phone, the fire had returned to his eyes and his body thrummed with barely contained energy. Cas grabbed Dean’s hips with renewed purpose, standing up and lifting Dean with him. Dean, though surprised, quickly wrapped his arms and legs around Cas as the angel headed for the stairs.
Dean is trying to follow instructions, he really is, but the feel of Cas’s warm breath on his neck is NOT helping. Not to mention the sound of that deep voice issuing commands in his ear. Sweat beads up around his hairline and rolls down his neck. He’s not entirely sure it’s from the workout.
With Cas’ shirt out of the way, Dean’s hands were free to skim up his sides, across his chest, over his shoulders. Dean loved the way that warm, powerful body felt under his calloused fingers. When the tips of his thumbs grazed over both nipples, Cas’ head fell back, a delicious sound escaping his mouth.
But it’s hard to remain optimistic when Dean is sitting on his bed with his head hanging between his hands, not saying a word.
He doesn’t want to hear it either, not when Dean finally speaks with a hoarseness akin to forty years in Hell.
The angel had been acting strange all day, but it had only gotten worse since Dean found him in the library and asked him about dinner.
He shrugged, feigning nonchalance as he returned to his dinner preparation. Cas never opened his laptop. He watched Dean like a hawk while he ate, when he did the dishes, as he wiped down the counters. Dean could feel Cas' eyes following him around the kitchen. While he worked, Dean flexed his back and arm muscles for all he was worth, knowing Cas was a sucker for his shoulders.
Castiel is slowly picking up the pieces. The pieces that make him ‘Castiel’ and not just a former Angel of the Lord, and new pieces, the human pieces.
. Dean nipped at Cas' bottom lip until he moaned, opening his mouth for Dean’s tongue. Dean groped blindly at Cas' shoulders and hair as his tongue found its way deeper into Cas' mouth. He pinned his hips against Cas and grinded in a slow, tight circle until he could feel a bulge forming in the angel’s jeans. Dean continued this heated, torturous assault until he was desperate for air.
“The bunker will always be your home, Cas,” Dean sighs. “The door is open if you — when you want to come back.”
It only takes thirty minutes before his phone starts vibrating. Thirty minutes for them to notice he’s missing.
Should that even be on the list? Prob’ly not, but it’s there anyway. Kinda like a kid going to the doctor for shots. You don’t want to suffer, but you know it’s gonna happen anyway, so might as well look forward to the Batman band-aid and lollipop consolation prize, right? No doubt Dean will say or do something stupid to hurt Cas’s feelings, they’ll hash it out and then it’s ON like Donkey Kong.
“Mine,” Castiel growls, grabbing Dean under the arms and hauling him up. Cas presses him against the wall again and Dean hazily wonders if he’s discovered a secret kink. He puts that thought aside for another time because he still hasn’t come and he’s so hard he could probably balance a book on the end of his dick.
When they first found the case, the only motel with vacancies happened to be in the next town over, more than 40 minutes away.
Dean busied himself about the room gathering supplies, leaving Castiel to wonder what he’s up to. Dean grinned at the sight before him — Cas stripped down to his boxers, sitting up on the bed with his hands tied to the posts on either side of the headboard. He’s half hard already and Dean hasn’t even touched him.
“I don’t deserve you, Cas,” he whispered. “I still have no idea why you’re here in the bunker, in my
Charlie’s like something warm, thawing him out bit by bit, so slowly he didn’t realize until it was already happening. Dean is fire, white hot and burning in Castiel’s veins. Sometimes he’s afraid to stand too close.
Tonight’s gonna be fun, Dean thought to himself. He’s only done this twice before and each time it was...mind-blowing, to say the least. When you deprive the brain of one or more senses, everything else is intensified — and Dean planned on stripping Cas of sight and sound to maximize touch. He’s already got the blindfold on, but he gave the angel a few moments to adjust before depriving him of sound.
“Oh God, Cas...fuck...please...so good,” Dean sobbed. Between his cock and ass and nipples and Castiel's words, it was all just too much. Overwhelming.
“Please don’t leave,” Dean whispers. He turns to Castiel, eyes bloodshot and watery, vibrant in a way that’s equally beautiful and heartbreaking.
Entire armies have retreated under that glare alone, so Dean gives himself a mental pat on the back for only flinching. Before Dean could reply, Cas' right arm flew up and landed on the door jam right next to Dean’s head.
“I thought — I thought you would have been packing a bag,” he stutters helplessly, so unlike himself.
Dean’s warning was needless. Cas’ movements faltered as his back arched and head fell back, mouth open in a soundless scream as he painted the bed with come. His ass clenched tightly, again and again, around Dean’s cock, sending Dean over the edge just seconds after his angel. Cas’ greedy hole milked Dean for all he was worth, leaving both of them gasping for air.
Charlie leaves quietly one night with a promise to return and a hug that surprises Castiel in its strength.
A predatory grin snakes across Candice’s face and for the first time tonight, Dean thinks maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. He wasn’t planning on the flirting going this far, just a few smiles and innocent conversation before Castiel would show up, undoubtedly looking rumpled and grouchy and gorgeous. He wanted to dance with him, show him off, maybe make him a smidge jealous from all of the stares.
“Do you ever stop to think about your own safety, Dean?” Cas’s voice dropped an octave, taking on a husky, sensual tone, but still hanging on to a thread of danger. “Do you even consider your own life before charging into the line of fire?”
love for Cas slammed into his chest like a WWE wrestler. Then his brain gave him a good thwack on the back of the head for being such a freakin’ idjit. Before he knew what he was doing, his hands cupped Cas' face and he kissed him like his life depended on it.
Dean hummed in appreciation, sending vibrations through the nipple in his mouth. Dean trailed kisses down Cas’s chest and stomach until he reached the angel’s hard on currently tenting his boxers. Cas’s erection sprang free as Dean pulled his boxers down and flung them across the room.
"When I did some research about the human sexuality, I've seen this too, yes." Cas takes the bottle hesitantly, looking at it, then back at Dean. "How... do I use this?"
Dean's eyebrow shot up with the last sentence and he opened his mouth, but nothing came out. He knew that Charlie just wanted to help him, wanted for his fucked up mind to get some peace, but he knew that was something he wouldn't get in near future, if ever.
Cas shakes his head, while he gets out a bag and starts stuffing the few clothes he has into it. His gaze doesn't meet Deans, he's totally fixed on his task.
Sam's voice was half mocking, half serious, and Dean just rolled his eyes and took a sip of his coffee, before he was able to answer at all.
Now it was Dean's turn to sigh and he nodded, but he remembered that his mother couldn't see him, so he choked out a quick "Thanks, mom."
Castiels body takes over once more and his cock grinds against the bulge in Deans jeans, halting at first, but after a while, he found a rhythm which makes him feel even better than before.
Castiel smiles, one of those little smiles that make Deans heart jump every time. "Let them try." He cups Deans cheek again, slower than before. This time, Dean leans into his touch with a deep and shaky breath. His eyes fall shut and he shivers, his skin feels like it's on fire where Castiel touches him.
Another kiss. Tongues flicking out from time to time, their bodies moving against each other like it's the most normal thing on this earth. Castiel works Dean open and when Dean feels that he's ready, he breaks the kiss.
As Dean threw the rest of the casserole away, Sam put the groceries he bought into the fridge. For a second, Dean was almost hopeful that his brother would leave it at that, but of course, he was proved wrong.
"If this is what you want..." he mumbles with another sigh and leaves to his room, the room Dean chose just for him.
I think after that train wreck today, I'd upload chapter 2 early, since a lot of us might need a distraction anyway. I'll stick to uploading on Saturdays then instead of Thursdays, since it's also easier for me.
"Whatever. Charlie said if this isn't for me, she's not forcing me to go again. Now go and grab a shower, you fucking stink."
"Uh… actually, I - I don't believe that therapy works, no offense. I just - a friend, Charlie, she recommended you and uh… I thought maybe I could just… give it a try, I guess?"
The words are echoing in Castiels head and he just stares at Dean in disbelief, trying to find any sign that he's joking. He forgets to chew for a second, but then swallows down the rest of the burrito in his mouth and stands up.
It burns, it hurts more than he thought, but it feels good, no, great. He bites his tongue and tries not to scream, tries to not tell the angel how much he loves him right then and there.
"I'm sorry, it's just… Did you see how Castiel got treated by his mom? It… it brought back some old memories."
"Okay, then come with me and we'll find out. If something else happens, then you know for sure. If not, you can let it go. Does that sound like a good idea?"
Dean wanted to apologize, really, but breathing was getting harder and harder,  Charlie's words still haunting him.
Dean's face was burning by now, and for some reason, his throat tightened and he had to hold back tears all of a sudden. He swallowed once, twice, three times, but the feeling wasn't going away, and because he didn't want Charlie to notice, he kept his mouth shut. After some moments, he could hear a deep sigh on the other end, and he blinked quickly to make the tears go away.
"Dean, I... I feel like... what's that feeling?" Cas mumbles after a while, breaking their kiss. His legs started shaking a few seconds ago and he feels like he would explode every second, so he stops moving and tilts his head, looking at the hunter.
Dean never really was a cat person, he couldn't be because of his allergies, but Lisa wanted one more than anything else, so of course he had to give in. The first few weeks were a nightmare. His eyes were watering constantly, he couldn't smell or taste a single thing and his skin was itchy the whole time, but eventually Lisa found a solution. She came home from work with a bright grin one day, some papers in her hands. At first, Dean was more than confused, but when he'd seen that all of that stuff was about drugs for cat allergies, a smile had spread on his face and he kissed Lisa stupid - after he was done sneezing four times. Now, Sammy was one of the most important things in Dean's life and he couldn't think about living without him anymore.
When Dean slowly starts to calm down, he softly places his hands on Castiels waist and rolls them over, which causes Cas to slip out and make Dean flinch a bit.
"Yeah, sleep," he mumbled, while he pushed the door open and took off his shoes. He almost stumbled over Sammy, their cat, named after his brother, which reminded him that he needed to get more allergy pills as soon as possible. With a small smile, he leaned down to pet him and watched happily how Sammy leaned into the touch.
For a second, Dean wanted to shake his head, but he knew that he couldn't let it go without knowing what was really going on, so he gave her a defeated nod.
"My brother. Going to therapy. Okay, I got it, this is a parallel universe and for some reason I'm stuck here."
He could hear the smile in her voice, but he also noticed that she sounded tired, almost wrung out. There was a sting in his heart all of a sudden and he felt his eyes watering, but he quickly blinked a few times.
"You could give her a chance, at least. What you've seen or think you've seen could've been something else entirely. I get why you get angry about it, I really do, but not every parent is like your dad."
He'd never thought about going to therapy, even though he probably should have after everything that had happened, but when Charlie brought it up the first time, it was the
"What? Uh, no..." Dean mutters and leans against the wall behind him, scared, but excited at the same time. The thought that he could be the former angels first, the only one that gives him pleasure, turns him on more than it should.
When he was done showering, Dean got out, just to realize that all of the fresh towels were gone. Rolling his eyes and cursing his brother once
Dean released a breath he didn't know he was holding and cleared his throat, his gaze fixed on the things in the fridge, which was mostly Sam's healthy crap.
Castiels head snaps up and a hint of red adorns his cheeks, but he shakes his head. "I'm fully aware of what I'm doing. You're just so... beautiful."
Castiels eyes grow wide, but he nods and opens the bottle, spilling some of the liquid on his fingers. "Like this?"
"Cas, you can't call a guy 'beautiful'." Dean also blushes now, trying to hide how his heart started racing again by Castiels words.
As soon as Dean agreed, Lisa's words seemed to hit him. Castiel would be there. Castiel, with those fucking blue eyes and this unbelievable deep voice. Shit, Dean was fucked.
Dean took a deep breath then, not sure what to expect, but what he definitely wasn't expecting was the laugh that rumbled through the speakers, followed by Castiel clearing his throat.
"Good." Cas makes clear that the conversation is over with this word and kisses Dean again, his eyes falling shut.
That was all Dean could think about, all there was. When he first looked into Castiel's eyes, he felt like he was drowning in them. He wasn't able to get a single word out at first, so he kept his mouth shut, but as soon as his mother appeared, anger flared up in his chest and he just
"Oh, really? I know what I've seen Lisa, and I won't visit her just to see more of that crap. You can go, but I won't come."
With one last, deep breath, Dean got out of the car and locked it. His gaze wandered around for a few seconds to make sure his baby was safe, before he walked down the little gravel path that led to the front door.
The dizziness slowly started to fade, and even though Dean's heart was still racing, his body slowly seemed to calm down a bit. Breathing was a bit easier, and it didn't feel like he would choke on his own tongue anymore when he answered.
The hunter moans again, but he wants this to last, so he grabs Cas by his waist and turns them around, hovering above the angel now. Cas gasps again and looks at Dean with wide eyes, but then he licks his lips and his eyes get even darker.
The sound Cas makes is the confirmation Dean needs. He gently wraps his lips around the tip of his cock, moaning in pleasure. It feels strange, strange to have someone else's dick in his mouth, but the taste...
Sam turned to look at him then, but Dean couldn't find the courage to look up, so he turned around and started cleaning the plate - very thoroughly.
Dean knew his brother wouldn't let this go, but Sam seemed to understand that he didn't want to talk about it now; he nodded and leaned back, grabbing the remote for the TV.
"What the hell is wrong with you, Dean? You barely know those people, you should give them a chance. Maybe try to talk to Castiel, Naomi said he'll be there too. I'm sure there's some big misunderstanding here."
As soon as Dean starts moving his head, the former angels head drops back at the pillows and a moan escapes him, the loudest until now. He feels like he wants to explode, feels like Dean has the power to let him and put everything together at once.
Dean moved his hands without thinking about it, his gaze back on Castiel’s face, or more specifically, his eyes.
Castiel chuckled quietly and his hands drifted from Dean's shoulders down his arms and to his elbows, until he pulled them away completely.
Dean had no idea what was happening, but he listened to Castiel anyway, because his calm voice was grounding for some reason.
"You know what I mean, Dean. You can feel it too." Castiel drops the bag on the bed and takes some slow steps in Deans direction. "You can feel it, and I know it. I'm human now, so I understand what it means. Human feelings still confuse me, but this - this is real. This is PURE." The ex-angel stands in front of Dean now, raising his hand and putting it on his arm.
Dean yawns again and places a soft kiss on the angels forehead, before he completely drifts off into sleep, but not without answering.
Almost instantly, Dean regretted calling her, but he knew that she wouldn't stop asking, now that she knew something was wrong.
"God… okay, just promise you'll go, alright? A stroke isn't something that should be taken lightly, especially not when it paralyzed half  his body."
Just like that, Dean froze completely. His hand cramped around the phone and his heart began to race like he'd just ran a marathon.
"Need help?" Dean is clearly joking after Cas hasn't moved for a while, the corner of his moth twitches playfully.
"Only if I get another kiss," he said, before he got up and pulled her into a tight hug. Somehow, this kind of physical connection seemed to be exactly what he needed, because as soon as he could feel her arms around him, his muscles relaxed immediately and he let out a quiet hum.
Castiel squirms, loud moans escaping his mouth. "Please, Dean... Please! Fuck..." he whimpers. Hearing Castiel swear for the first time ever makes Dean look up, his eyes wide in surprise, but his dick twitches in excitement.
Dean gasps and he presses his body even harder against the wall, but he can't deny that what Cas just said made his whole body burn like fire. He whimpers when their lips touch again and his eyes fall shut too, while he wraps his arms around Castiels waist and pulls him closer, just a bit, making sure that there's still enough space between them so that their boners won't touch. Dean wants this to be all about his feelings, he doesn't want to act like Cas is like a woman he'd just met at a bar. He wants it to be more than one night.
"Hey mom, I'm doing- I'm doing good, I guess. Little stressed because of the move, but otherwise I'm great."
Lisa followed him out of the car and stepped right behind him when he unlocked the door to their house, but even if he loved her, he just wasn't up for anything she had in mind.
"Shit, don't stop. Just... let it go..." Dean whispers and a shy smile spreads on his lips when he notices that Cas said the exact same thing to him not long ago. He hesitantly wraps one of his hands around his now throbbing dick and moans quietly, his eyes falling shut again.
Dean freezes, his eyes jumping back and forth, trying to find a spot to look at. "Feel what? Guilt? Hell yeah." He looks down again, thinking that the ground is the safest spot. He's on the verge of tears already, his heart is aching, but he can't tell. He can't give in. It's not about him. Cas has to be safe.
Dean yawns and pulls Cas even closer, which makes the angel smile, but when he remembers that Dean still wants him to leave, it fades and he feels a heavy feeling in his chest. "Dean, but I have to go..."
"I know many things, Dean. I can see how you react to certain things, and I know that body language is much more important than what comes out of your mouth, especially when we don’t know each other that well. You don't trust me, and you have every right not to. I'm a stranger, but please consider that all I want to do is help you."
"I know that going to therapy is hard, and it's scary, but I want you to know that I'd never judge you for
Dean jumps back immediately and his head snaps up. "Cas, don't..." he mutters in a desperate try to lock his feelings away, keeping them caged, just like all those years before. Long, hurtful years.
Dean took a deep breath and closed his eyes, before he rubbed his free hand over his face. He knew that Charlie wasn't wrong, but he was still too afraid to admit it out loud.
His voice sounded a little shaky, but he didn't think much about it, because at this point, Sam was used to his random anxiety attacks.
"If that was a yes, then... I... love you too, Dean. I've always loved you." Castiels voice is just a whisper, but the hunter hears the words clearly and his smile from before grows into a grin. "I know. But now we should sleep, we can talk tomorrow..."
"Wanted this for so long..." Dean growls and gently pushes Cas down, before he lays down next to him and pulls him close to his body, his cock pressed against the ex-angels thigh.
"Dean, did you... did you mean it?" Cas blushes just a bit and suddenly avoids looking into Deans eyes, while his heartbeat increases.
Cas follows Deans orders and when he positioned himself, he slowly moves forwards, pushing against his rim, wanting to feel Dean so bad. When his tip slips in, he moans loudly, the feeling of getting squeezed like that almost driving him crazy.
"Dean... why didn't you tell me, that... this feels so good..." he mumbles quietly, before he pulls the hunter into another kiss, desperate and needy.
If he wasn't before, Dean was actually impressed now and let his hand glide over the couch carefully. It felt soft, and Dean was sure it wasn't used much yet, because it looked completely new.
Silence filled the room, and at first, the only noise was the coffee maker, but suddenly, Sam snorted so loud that Dean actually
Dean isn't thinking anymore. He never did it with a man before, but there's no fear, just pleasure and heat and... love.
Sam moved, ready to get up, and Dean knew he should just keep his mouth shut and they'd be done, but of course, his body wasn't listening.
"Is this really what you want? You don't want me to stay here?" he asks and tilts his head to hide how much Dean has hurted him. Dean doesn't say anything and looks down, his face hard as stone, his hands clenched, but Cas could see something in his eyes, something that gave him a tiny bit of hope. He lets out a sigh, while he slowly nods, his brows furrowed and his lips pressed together to a small line, almost unnoticable.
"You're scared to open up, not just to strangers, to anyone. There's probably something traumatic that happened in your past, which caused you to have anxiety and panic attacks. You like to change the topic, because you don't want to talk about yourself, so it seems like your self-confidence isn't as high as it should be. Also, you tend to get angry easily, because you don't like it when someone comes too close to figuring out your real emotions, and instead of letting them out, you cover them with anger."
. Everyone has their own experiences, and everyone has another method to cope with those experiences. You don't have to feel ashamed of anything here."
Dean raised an eyebrow at first, because since when did she ask to go out? He looked her up and down just once, but then couldn't hold back the little smirk that started to spread on his lips.
Huh. Dean wasn't sure why, but his voice sounded much colder than before. Just being reminded of what he'd witnessed in church this morning made his blood boil and he clenched his hands to fists. Lisa gave him an eyeroll, before she opened the fridge to get out a bottle of water.
those towels you hoard in there?" Dean mumbled when Sam came back into the kitchen, and his little brother rolled his eyes.
The room looked much different than the living room, but it still felt more like a home than a doctor's office. One wall was made completely out of glass and showed a garden that was at least twice as big as the one in front of the house. The walls were painted a light brown, which Dean wouldn’t have thought of as being nice but the white couch on the left, the white desk in the right corner of the room and the glass table in the middle somehow made it look good.
"Let it go, Dean." Cas' voice sounds broken and desperate at the same time. His thumbs brush over Deans deeply flushed cheeks, his body shaking, his thoughts racing. Is this a good idea? Could Dean be right? Is it too dangerous?
"No, you listen, Winchester. What the fuck is wrong with you? And no, you're not in a position to give me any shit for calling Castiel. Did you even think? What the hell is wrong with you that you can't even make it through one session?"
"Dean, listen to me, you're alright. Focus on my voice. Tell me five things around you that you're able to see. It doesn't matter what, just five random things."
Dean stood up again and took a step aside, a little smile on his face. Yes, his wife could be annoying from time to time, but even when she was, she still was more beautiful than anyone Dean had ever seen.
Dean could clearly see how uncomfortable Castiel felt and he wished he could've done more, could've snapped at Naomi, but he knew that Lisa probably would've made a scene right there in the church, which was something he didn't need at all. But why did Castiel allow his mom to treat him like that in the first place? Even if it was subtle, Dean could clearly see how Naomi practically
Dean could hear something rip, and a few seconds later Castiel turned around with two cups of coffee in his hands. He walked over to the couch and sat down on the other end, placing the cups on the glass table in front of them.
The new angle makes Dean scream Castiels name and he almost immediately gets hit by a strong, breathtaking orgasm, which totally surprises him, but he doesn't question it. He bends his back, pressing his ass against the angels crotch and screams out his pleasure, words that make no sense, but he's sure Cas' name is often there.
Castiel's voice was firm and steady, and even though he wouldn't admit it later, it helped Dean a lot to focus.
"No. No, you know what? Fuck this. I don't need this shit and I sure as hell don't need someone who’s known me for less than an hour to tell me how I have to feel or what I have to do. Maybe that works for others, but not for me."
Seeing Castiel almost crying for the first time ever breaks Dean. "Cas, we... we can't..." he whispers weakly.
"Hmm... 'm close too..." Deans voice sounds desperate and he wiggles with his hips, trying to make the angel move again.
Dean forced his eyes open when his phone rang for the third time in five minutes. With a grunt, he rolled onto his back and grabbed the phone from his nightstand, ready to snap at whoever was calling him at the crack of dawn. Without even looking at the name, he answered the call, eyes falling closed again already.
"It's fine, Dean. That's what I'm here for. To be honest, it surprised me that you called again that fast after what happened earlier."
Castiel watched him closely, not a single expression on his face, before he leaned back and got a little notebook from
"Show me how you will, then" he growls and his voice sounds even deeper than normal, but also a bit hoarse, which makes him sound sexy as hell.
"Do you... need help? With... packing stuff?" Deans voice sounds tense, just like his whole body is.
Once again, Dean wondered how this man was capable of reading him like he was some goddamn open book, but then again, he knew how his voice sounded.
"Shit... Cas, we can't... I won't last..." the hunter mutters and turns a bit to reach over to the nightstand, where he gets out a tiny bottle of lube he stowed there before he gave Cas the room, just in case. "Y'know what this is?"
Dean kept his head lowered the whole time he was talking, and his hands started to shake again, so he clenched them to fists quickly.
His mom chuckled and Dean smiled too, but then his face got serious, because even though he wanted to talk about it, he couldn't tell his mom, because she was still living in that abusive household.
"I can't," he whispered quietly, his voice even more shaky than he'd thought, and he knew Charlie would hear immediately that this was a topic he couldn't just talk about.
"Uh… thanks, I guess," Dean mumbled and opened his eyes slowly, squinting as the sun that was shining through the window now hit him. When he turned his head to look at his phone, he almost choked on his own tongue when he saw that they had been talking for 43 minutes already.
If this is all he’ll ever have, is it enough? Is it enough to know that Dean needs him, but doesn’t love him and want him the same way? Can he live with that?
The first time Dean was injured in a hunt, it was passionate, but not rough. That one time he pissed Cas off? Rough, but it didn’t scratch the itch. When Dean did something stupid and almost got himself killed that one time? Well, that was pretty close.
“Am I not enough for you, Dean?” Cas asks, his voice deep and ragged, filled with the anger that courses through him. Dean can
My, how the tables have turned. Dean glances between the two as they eye him thoughtfully and, dare he say, hungrily. Dean huffs an uncomfortable laugh and attempts to smirk, but he’s afraid it comes out more like an awkward grimace.
Dean. In every way possible. He may not have understood the longing glances and yearnings and dreams at first, but it only took his heart shattering into a million pieces to figure it out.
And Dean – stubborn, oblivious Dean – still didn’t move when Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, pressed his lips to Dean’s ear and whispered: “Do you want to dance, Dean?”
Castiel doesn’t mind, he spends more time with Dean. Watches his practiced hands reload a .45 and empty it with equal precision.
“I don’t share,” Castiel growls, grabbing Dean by the upper arm and squeezing hard enough to leave finger-shaped bruises.
So Dean knows they’re bound to hit a bump in the road eventually because – well, he’s Dean. It’s inevitable, really. But Dean’s choosing to look on the bright side by adding ‘makeup sex’ to the Bucket List.
“Please don’t go,” Castiel whispers, urging Dean to turn so he can run his other hand up Dean’s bicep to rest upon the mark he made so long ago.
Dean sighed and wiped a hand down his face then waved it at Cas, imploring him to continue his dreadful tale.
Dean felt Cas shift on the bed before trailing kisses down his stomach. He opened his eyes just as Cas' tongue darted out to lick the underside of his shaft then swirl around his leaking head before swallowing him completely.
“Dean,” he begins. “This training has been good for you and it’s obvious you and Cas enjoy spending time together. Why
Cas alternated between sucking him down and using his tongue to tease at Dean’s swollen head. Dean was so far gone, he never heard the cap open on the bottle of lube - jumping when the cold jelly appeared between his legs. Cas' finger circled his tight hole before pressing in, the slight burn offset by Cas' hot mouth surrounding his aching cock. Cas had fingered him during blowjobs before, so this was nothing new, but Dean was hoping Cas wouldn’t stop there.
“Uh, yeah…I think so,” Sam said. “I think it’s just free form right now, so they can change partners for practice.”
Cas snakes an arm around his stomach and another under his leg, hoisting him up until his legs are wrapped around Castiel’s waist and he’s pinned to the wall by sharp hip bones. He hooks his ankles together and cries out when teeth pinch the muscle between his neck and shoulder.
They both pant with exertion, eyes locked on each other until Castiel reaches out to thumb across Dean’s cheekbone and down to his mouth, tugging his bottom lip from his teeth. The cum disappears from his face.
He closed his eyes as his hands trailed up and down his chest, paying special attention to his tightening nipples. He wasn’t sure if it would work, but he focused on sending Cas a mental image of his steadily hardening erection.
As if to prove a point, Castiel suddenly shifted his weight and rolled over between Dean’s legs. His hands were up, fists closed, signaling to Dean that he could have already punched him in the face. Dean blinked.
Dean stands wordlessly in the kitchen as he wraps his head around Sam’s speech. Dean thinks it’s Sam’s equivalent to “Get your head out of your ass and go for it.”
“Do you know what it would do to me, Dean, if I lost you?” Cas whispered, voice deep and scratchy from arousal, warm breath ghosting over the back of Dean’s neck.
They talked for a few minutes, Dean catching him up on their progress, and when Castiel looked up, he was startled again by Charlie’s wide-eyed, open-mouthed stare.
The babbling starts again. Dean is strung out, practically weeping from over-stimulation and he needs to come before his dick explodes. He’s so keyed up that this orgasm is going to be more painful than anything else. Castiel must understand his pleas are unjokingly serious because he picks up the pace, bucking wildly into Dean as he releases that iron grip of angel grace from Dean’s cock.
“I’m going to put earplugs in now, Cas,” Dean explained. “You won’t be able to hear anything, so if you get overwhelmed just say the word, okay?”
Cas’ hands moved, but not in the direction of Dean’s needy hole, like he hoped. Instead, Dean’s eyes tracked Cas’ hands as he reached his lube-slick fingers around —
“You are mine, Dean,” Cas growls as he pushes his cockhead against Dean’s puckered entrance. “I’m going to remind you of that.”
Dean followed orders and squeezed his thighs in tight against Cas’s ribs and let more of his weight settle on Cas’s body. He looked at Cas expectantly, but received a punch to the gut instead of instruction. It was a light punch, but the air was still forced out of Dean’s mouth with a hard
That was two months ago. Since then, they’ve spent quite a lot of time – cue angel air quotes – “getting acquainted.” Nothing else has changed, they just happen to have sex every chance they get. Every day is another tick mark on Dean’s mental list of ‘Naughty Things To Do with Castiel.’ Not that Dean intentionally started keeping track, but damn, a bucket list for angel sex? Hell to the
If Castiel pictured it, Sam’s space would be filled with books and knowledge, bravery and honor. Plaid.
Just as Dean’s orgasm crests, it is ripped away from him by fingers circling the base of his cock and clamping down.
“Where the hell have you been, Cas? We’ve been looking all over for you, calling your phone and you —”
He reads in the library, does quite a bit of thinking in the War Room. Stands in the kitchen staring at the appliances he’s too tired to learn how to use.
Cas was lying on his stomach, his right cheek pressed into the floor and both arms flat on the ground just above his head. Dean is straddling him, practically sitting on Cas’s bum. He is supposed to have one hand on each wrist to pin Cas to the floor, but he’s sitting on his haunches, waiting for an explanation.
Dean was alone for a few minutes, trying to get his head to stop spinning, before hearing the muffled sound of a warehouse door slam open. He shook his head, trying to clear out the cobwebs in his brain and his cotton-filled ears. He remembers seeing Castiel’s outline and trenchcoat whirling toward him before he touched two fingers to Dean’s forehead and –
– it was sexy. Cas' captivating blue eyes danced as though candles flickered in the room; his face a portrait of pure, indisputable lust. Dean’s cock throbbed just looking at him.
Cas topped only once before and he was slower than molasses in January for fear of hurting Dean. Dean loved every minute, of course, but he wanted…more. More heat, more fire, more passion. So, he’s getting what he asked for, in a way.
Somehow Castiel ends up at a bar with a plate of food and a beer in front of him, both untouched, with no idea how to pay for it.
Castiel doesn't really know what to say to that. His heart still hurts, but things always look a little less dark in the morning, don’t they?
Cas kissed Dean sweetly before whispering “I love you, too, Dean,” and setting his head back down on Dean’s chest.
Later, as they laid in bed with Cas curled into Dean, his head resting on Dean’s shoulder, Cas’ fingers traced small circles on Dean’s muscled chest.
He rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly less confident in his quest to identify Cas’ strange behavior. Cas stayed silent.
“He, uh, flapped out of here like 5 minutes ago,” Dean answered, trying to hide his disappointment. “I think he went ahead to the motel.”
Cas' breathing turned erratic as his lust-blown eyes trailed from Dean’s toes all the way up to his face, where Dean met him with a lopsided grin. Cas was pretty cute when he pouted.
Sure they’ve had rough sex when Cas was topping, but there was always the underlying note of restraint.
“You know everything about me.” Another soft press of lips as his ass grinded against Dean’s cock trapped in his jeans.
Sam pointed to the corner of the room. Dean sifted through the couples on the dance floor until he spotted her. He let out a low whistle.
Cas sank down on Dean’s cock. Slowly taking him all the way inside that perfect ass. Dean moaned as tight heat enveloped every inch of him. So fucking tight.
He still hadn’t mastered the computer, so he sat across from Charlie and her laptop, tagging each item before handing it to her.
Dean grabbed a feather from the bedside table and repeated the random touches, trailing the feather across Cas’s skin. When he hit a particularly sensitive spot (such as Cas’s nipples, ribcage, feet, forearms and the back of his neck), Cas would suck in air and shiver.
Cas gave him a small smile and nod before closing up the laptop and trekking off toward the kitchen. As soon as Cas was out of sight, Dean stripped off his t-shirt, leaving it on the couch. His tattered blue jeans slung low on his hips, his bare feet tapping against the hardwood floor on the way to the kitchen.
. He knows because sometimes, when Sam picks up burgers from the diner or when Dean smiles at him until the little crinkles appear at the corners of his eyes, the darkness isn’t so dark.
