Watson, flushed, breathless, still pressed against the wall, blinks at him, startled.
go to the baths this weekend. After all, unlike Watson, Holmes has no restrictions on his sexual activity.
, I had no idea—”
“It seems an ideal situation,” Holmes says, moving not a whit either backward or forward as he drags his fingers down another half inch. “Does it not? Two bachelors, living in private. Shielded from suspicion by the genius of one and the respectability of the other. When in your life have you been presented with such a secure prospect of regular sexual congress? Certainly not in the army. Not even my halcyon days splattering my classmates with my seed at boarding school measure up.”
“Which is?” Holmes asks. He finds himself made profoundly uncomfortable by the unfamiliar sensation of being knocked off-kilter and unable to immediately right himself.
manage to persuade Watson into a longer-term liaison than Watson’s policy dictates, he finds himself unwilling to do it.
“How this is supposed to go? Perhaps. But you have your policies, and I have mine.” At long last, Holmes breaks Watson’s gaze. He turns abruptly and crosses to his desk, sifting through a stack of papers and books. “Let us put this on hold, my friend, until I have had ample time to prepare.” He looks back over his shoulder. Watson appears properly stunned now. Holmes gives the doctor a small smile. “I promise it will be worth the wait. Goodnight, my dear fellow.”
the British government.”
He rests his hand lightly on Watson’s chest, nose brushing his friend’s as he murmurs, “What do you say, my dear fellow?”
“Once,” Holmes murmurs, crowding Watson even closer against the wall. “Once today? Once standing up? Once in this room, once in my bedroom, once in yours—?”
Perhaps, Holmes thinks, the idea dawning on him like a slow cresting wave, Watson would like to take a trip to the baths this weekend as well.
Another repressed smile. “You are very confident.”
Holmes’ eyes narrow. His brain assesses, catalogues, evaluates rapidly. Watson’s anatomy, Watson’s preferences, Watson’s history, Watson’s desires: there is nothing of which he is not certain. Unless Watson really would prefer to manhandle him like some muscled boy in uniform, green and eager behind the mess tent? Holmes doesn’t usually get on his knees, but he isn’t opposed—but no, surely not; Watson is the consummate devotee and Holmes cannot see him wishing to abdicate that role when it brings them both so much pleasure. He surveys the man, and something in Watson’s eyes makes him stop cold.
The doctor lets out a huff of breath. “Good morning,” he says with some little asperity, though Mrs. Hudson’s presence stops anything stronger from creeping into his voice. Holmes gives him a bland smile, eyes still on his paper, and spears a kipper with his fork.
“Yes,” he would admit.
“If that is amenable to you.”
That the man wants him the moment he lays eyes on him is obvious to Holmes. It isn’t vanity on Holmes’ part that makes him think so; Watson wants Stamford, too, and the medical student who is puttering around in the corner of the laboratory. He is not the sort of invert whose desires are easily buried.
“What do you deduce about me now?” he asks quietly.
“I’ll go to bed with you,” Watson says, voice strained. As if, Holmes thinks, that wasn’t already abundantly obvious. “But…there’s something I rather think you’ve missed.”
I like to have him on his knees, and he likes to be there.
But Watson stops for a moment on the rain-spattered street to look at him, eyes suddenly speculative. Knowing.
“Holmes,” Watson gasps, somehow shocked by the turn of affairs despite the fact that the detective has been seducing him since the moment they met. Holmes smirks. His plan had not required Watson to recognize his intentions before now, or even to realize that Holmes was a fellow invert. In fact, he had rather hoped Watson wouldn’t.
earlier I asked myself, does opening the document and rereading what I’ve written so far count as “working on my dissertation chapter” enough to update this fic today? and then I thought, what would I tell my freshmen comp students? so yes, yes it does.
Holmes imagines it: dipping his forearms into the water, hotter than is comfortable at first, holding them there up to his elbows until they adjust, reaching for Watson’s thighs, his groin. Steam rising between them.
day 4!
But no, he realizes, finally catching hold of the wet coattails of the thief and jerking him to a standstill; Watson’s restrictions are irrelevant in this regard. Watson can have as many sexual experiences as Holmes, as long as they are each with a different man.
They end up out in the spitting rain, chasing a petty thief down an alleyway—too petty, frankly, to justify the amount of mud that ends up splashed on Holmes’ trousers. He ought to have refused the job, but their shut-up sitting room had grown warm enough by the time the case came in that even a dirty London shower had seemed appealing. Or at least, Holmes had grown quite warm. Particularly around the collar. And, to his irritation, between his legs.
Or maybe he does it on purpose, so that I will prove it to him again.
Holmes blinks slowly. “And how will one orgasm rather than two make the difference between risk and safety?”
“No,” says Holmes. “I merely wished to come in.”
It’s sadness; a little hint of sadness.
Or perhaps, just as much married as I.
Watson’s eyes are wide, his pulse elevated. Holmes can smell the desire on him.
bolder. “But I am less willing to play games with my liberty these days.”
Watson stares at him. Holmes clocks what he has just done, more or less purposely though he was not quite conscious of his intentions when he spoke: he has sucked the eroticism away from Watson by wrong-footing him, turning his all-seeing gaze away from the mark of blatant violence Watson had expected to draw his eye and resting it instead on the evidence left by a different sort of wound.
is—to ignore the smokescreens and the brush-offs and the references to supposedly too-sick-to-copulate wives that occasionally populate pre- and postcoital conversations. And he has conquered enough challenging targets just to quash his boredom that he has grown masterful at tugging on just the right strings to loosen the so-called morals of the self-denying homosexual. So while he
The doctor removes his hand from where it has come to rest, as if in defense, palm-down on the wall, and gently grasps Holmes’ sharp chin, rubbing his thumb along Holmes’ lower lip. He takes his other hand off the wall and places it squarely on Holmes’ arse.
“A doctor in a combat zone, distressed by the ugliness of violence in a brutal, greed-driven war? No, I would not consider that weakness.”
They arrive back at Baker Street mud-spattered and soaked. By the time they have deposited the thief into police custody they are too drenched and dirty to pick up a cab, so they walk home in the rain, hunched under their coats. Watson is a little breathless from the adrenaline of the chase and keeps laughing at Holmes’ complaints about the weather. He looks bedraggled and mussed and happy—happier than Holmes is used to seeing him, at least until recently. Less than half a year out from his time in Afghanistan and the doctor is still recovering, laugh lines returning to a face that Holmes had not at first known was missing them. And the detective has not failed to notice that Watson’s energy is at its height when Holmes takes him along on a case.
Sherlock Holmes waits two months and six days after moving into 221B Baker Street with John Watson to proposition his new flatmate. It is a careful calculation, as all such calculations must be, given the potentially disastrous consequences of an error. Not so bad as a bullet to the chest, but worse than a sprained ankle or dislocated shoulder and far worse than being discovered when house-breaking or lock-picking in pursuit of some mystery. So Holmes employs slightly less caution when deducing the correct moment to seduce another man than he does when confronted with firearms, but certainly more than he bothers with in the course of his ordinary pursuits.
“No attachments,” says the doctor. He shakes his head briefly at whatever instinctive exasperation he sees in Holmes’ face. “Yes, yes, I am sure you are able to pursue even years-long affairs without developing affection for your partner. But my constitution does not support such restraint.” He smiles a little, sadness still present in the lines that appear at the edges of his mouth. “I am, as you have observed, quite an ordinary man, with the ordinary human weaknesses. So. I will go to bed with you tonight, yes. But then we will follow my rule.”
He would swallow his reply. I would sit in the chair just behind him and open my legs, pulling him back against my still-clothed hardness.
Holmes frowns. “I am not in the habit of placing restrictions upon myself unless there is some benefit to me.”
“Yes,” he would gasp out.
That is seven percent less control than he would like to have.
Watson takes the first bath upon their return to 221B. Holmes removes his wet clothes with relief, peeling away the layers of cold, heavy fabric; he replaces them with a dressing-gown and slippers. When he goes out into the corridor, he lingers outside the washroom, listening to the slight sloshing of water as Watson adjusts his position in the clawfoot tub. Holmes looks at the door for a long moment. If it were him in there, in the bath, he would be aware that someone was standing outside, listening; he would be calculating, without even meaning to, what the person’s next move was likely to be. If he were in the tub listening to Watson hover outside the door, he would wonder if Watson was planning to enter.
. I was not prepared for this, Watson, and you know how I prefer to arm myself with knowledge before rushing into a situation.”
Not a hint of Holmes’ consternation is visible in his expression; he has made sure of that. He raises an eyebrow archly, eyes boring into Watson’s face.
diss chapter day 3. working my way through taking notes on “build your wings”—the genius of it is that it makes you horny and emotionally compromised at the same time. it’s wrenching and gorgeous and if I sit with it too long I get exhausted! been wondering if working on this fic only after thinking about “build your wings” all day is going to turn it into a complex meditation on choice, consent, trauma, and intimacy or if it’s going to be the place I go to decompress after writing scholarship about those things. I guess we shall see!
“I do want to sleep with you,” Watson says softly. Holmes’ head jerks up. “You are…” He swallows, pink feathering across his cheeks, steady voice faltering. “Magnificent.”
“I am amenable,” he says mildly. “I am simply considering.”
, Holmes thinks, fingers itching for his violin. Or his syringe, or—
His own cock twitches in feeble protest as he gathers some books and exits to his bedroom alone. But his pulse is elevated, blood pumping in exhilaration, and he thinks perhaps he has won this round.
“A bullet taken in combat,” Holmes says softly. “That, you have no instinct to hide. Your scars pain you, but you are not ashamed of them. Mental weakness, however, is something you prefer others not to see.”
“Have you come to join me?” Watson asks quietly.
“Holmes,” he says, always with a note of surprise and faint protest, as if this is new, as if things like the time of day and the place and the world’s opinions still matter. As if he is still unable to wholly acknowledge the reality of what we do, what we are.
Watson swallows. “I know, too, however, that you are quick on your feet.”
“I am here,” he says, “to watch.”
Watson swallows. “Was it weakness?” he asks, almost steadily. “Is that what you would deem it?”
Holmes steps back.
That is to say, he thinks he could. He is…ninety-three percent certain that he could.
As usual, it is almost as if the man enjoys when Holmes insults his intelligence. He sucks in air through his nose, face flushing. Holmes doesn’t need to look down to know that his prick is stiffening in his trousers.
Satisfaction courses through Holmes, almost exceeding the rush of arousal at the feel of Watson’s fingers on his body. Two months and six days: correct, as always.
He looks impressed. He looks…envious.
the kind of work Holmes normally takes, absurd, why on earth did he accept this case?—part of Holmes’ brain is ticking away at the problem: the problem of wanting a man who…well, damn it, he thinks, a man he respects too much to engage in his normal levels of manipulation to get what he wants. It isn’t that Holmes is a cad; it’s just that he doesn’t generally have time for the endless minutiae of other people’s overcomplicated qualms, hesitations, and cowardices. He has bedded enough men who insist they are not
“Just let me warm up a little first.” Sherlock slips back into his chair, this time moving it forward enough that their knees bump under the table.
He reaches for it, still clumsy with sleep, and knocks it off the bed instead.
“How long? How long have you -”
“Oh, fuck, Jesus Christ, Sherlock,” John can’t stop moving, twisting and pushing against Sherlock’s every touch. So eager. He parts his legs automatically, letting Sherlock rub up the inside of his thighs, up into the crease of his groin. Sherlock lays his cheek against John’s bare stomach, watching with wondering eyes his hand moving slowly up the seam of John’s tight denim shorts. He’s mesmerised by this, by them together. By what they can do to each other with a look, with a touch. No one’s ever made him feel both so vulnerable and so safe at the same time.
“You can.” He licks a circle around the head, nudges the foreskin back with the tip of his tongue. “Come in my mouth. You can.”
“Yeah. I’m, uh, wondering where I could find a ‘friend’ for a few hours.” He cleared his throat and refused to look away.
John slides down lower, kisses everywhere but his cock, kisses protruding hipbones, the hollow sweep of soft skin above them, swirls the tip of his tongue through dark curls and licks at the salty skin beneath. Sherlock is still as a statue, his only movements the rhythmic contraction of his stomach muscles and the occasional twitch of his cock against John’s cheek.
Sherlock hated -- loathed -- for John to feel sad. He felt it was his personal responsibility to keep John happy, particularly because he was virtually certain it was entirely his fault that they'd spent so many years misunderstanding each other.
"I never want to leave this bed." John can't not kiss him, his lips so pink and full. They kiss quietly for a long minutes, kiss until John's belly starts to tingle again.
"Uh huh." John said flatly. He shook his head a little and rolled his eyes, but he picked up his fork and speared a piece of gnocchi. "What was I talking about?"
Sherlock’s watching Jim, doesn’t see immediately the flash of silver in the darkness. By the time he does, John’s already doubled over. The goon pushes him to the floor, he lands with a dead thump, his head skidding limply. Sherlock’s allowed to struggle free, rush to John’s side. There’s a pool of dark blood spreading across the tile. John’s face is ghostly white. The goons disappear up the steps behind Jim, neither having uttered a word the whole time they were there.
John nods, his tongue absolutely useless, his throat burning.
Sherlock shakes his head, shifts forward and lays his hand over John’s. “John, we’ve had this conversation. We can’t change what happened. We can only control what happens from here. No apologies, no regrets.”
"It was...beautiful, honestly."
. He shuts his eyes again and trails his fingers up John’s bare back, hard enough that he can feel the skin wrinkling under his touch.
He can almost smell the cinnamony aroma of his mother's tea cake. The wet dog smell of his father's damp wool caps hung against the wall.
, this is the moment Sherlock realises he has to take care of Jim alone. That John can't know until after. Because keeping John safe is all that matters, and John will never let him go alone if he knows.
They’d never gotten the chance. Moriarty ripped it away from them.
“You always fall asleep.” He heard Sherlock say fondly, and he tried to open his eyes, but he couldn’t.
"Fuck." He wants to kick the oven. The kind of white hot anger he cannot - he really
“Be quiet.” Sherlock says aloud.
“What about when we’re not at Baker Street? Like right now?”
“Lester, Jesus Christ. Shut the fuck up. You can’t
“I love how much you love that.” John whispers, voice hoarse with arousal. “God, it makes me so hard to hear you like this. You’re spectacular, you’re brilliant. I want you so bad, baby, god you can't
"Educated guess. I do know you fairly well." John stretches up, kisses under Sherlock's hair, keeps up his easy pace stroking him. "Shall we put it to use?"
“Lovely.” Lightburn smiled, and it was genuine, reaching into her eyes. “On your honeymoon?”
pushing between Sherlock’s trembling thighs - the sight of him there makes Sherlock’s heart catch in his throat. He never believed, never thought he could have this, that he didn’t deserve it. And yet.
the anger folding in on itself, clicking into place inside him and settling, becoming a permanent part of him. John’s so good, he’s so
Sherlock’s eyes snapped up to John’s, brimming with desire and nervousness and love and a thousand other emotions that Sherlock could barely name or understand. Affection surged up viscerally in John, and he reached out, grasped Sherlock by the nape of his neck and pulled him down so their foreheads were touching. “You know what? I haven’t even kissed you yet tonight.”
“Oh, god, John.” Sherlock runs his hands over the hard musculature of John’s back, down to squeeze at his arse.
"Yeah," Sherlock whispers back, and unscrews the cap, squeezes a bit of the stuff onto his fingertips and rocks up - somewhat unsteadily - onto his feet. He braces himself against the wall with his left arm, and John’s arm slides naturally around his waist, like it was meant to be there.
Sherlock slides John's jeans and pants over his hips, bunching them at his ankles, and then moulds himself against John's back. The night air is cold against John's bare skin where Sherlock's coat doesn't fall over him. There's a fumbling of knuckles and fingernails nicking at him, a rustle of fabric, the clink of a belt buckle hitting the concrete, and Sherlock's hard velvet smooth cock is laying flush in the crease of John's arse. It feels gloriously filthy, his body responding to Sherlock before his brain can catch up to what's happening. He arches into Sherlock's embrace, groans in his throat while keeping his lips pressed tightly together to try and contain the noise.
"You won't buy one."
“You’re not going to get high anymore.” It’s not a question.
Sherlock swiveled upright too quickly, and wobbled to the side as all the blood rushed from his head. "I don't know. He's never mentioned anyone in Scotland."
John smoothed his hands over Sherlock's chest, heedless of the mess between them, and stilled his hips. He breathed hard, looking down at Sherlock with shining eyes and a soft smile, "That's it, sweetheart. That's it. Oh god, you're beautiful."
John's arm slips round his waist. "You love it."
- wondering will John call him these things? Now that they’re
Sherlock blushes from the neck up, and looks down at his toes. He has the strangest urge to call her ma'am. "We understand."
"I know." Sherlock's smile is so wide and warm it fills up his whole face, fills the space between them. He's so very different. Softer, more open, changed by what he went through. John is different, too.  He's gotten sharper, more prickly than he used to be, less apt to be polite just for the sake of it. While a lot of his anger had dissipated since Sherlock came back, he knows he'll never be who he once was. Both of them are so changed. Yet. Somehow they still fit together perfectly. All Sherlock's softness dulls John's sharp edges. They'll
"John." Warm fingers touched the side of his face, traced his ear and his temple. Sherlock took a deep breath. "I think you should call Ella and make an appointment."
stupid.” Sherlock sniffs haughtily, though the effect is somewhat counteracted by his hand resting warmly in the small of John’s back. “Though, as usual, it was unnecessary. I’ve already disarmed the bomb, Lestrade.”
Sherlock presses forward, his forehead resting on John’s shoulder, watching himself slowly pushing into John, his breath hitching. It’s tight, so tight, and John’s clawing at his scalp now. He's trembling, his body fighting the intrusion. Sherlock kisses his neck slowly and rocks his hips just fractionally.
ago.”
There was a long silence.
“Everything mates.” John held up his left hand and wiggled his ring finger casually, though Sherlock could see the tightness in his jaw.
“Alright. Time to go in, I suppose.” He locates a bin with an overflowing ashtray tucked in the side, and stubs out the cigarette. Alchemy slips gracefully back into his favourite spot, only his eyes visible, glittering black over the edge of Sherlock’s collar.
“I love you.” John nods, and squeezes his hands at the sides of Sherlock’s head and kisses him so fiercely that it hurts. “I should have said it before, and I’m sorry about that, but now I’m going to say it all the time. Alright?”
"No." Sherlock smoothed his hands over John's chest, lingering over his scar, bumpy under his shirt. "Well, maybe a bit, yes. But…” He sighed, uncharacteristically fumbling for words, “I just don’t tell you enough, how gorgeous I think you are. How much I want you, all the time.”
John did. He tongued into the second cut, the deeper one, tasting Sherlock’s blood freshly flowing into his mouth. He stroked himself harder, Sherlock whining against his back, clawing at his chest and thrusting into him. John’s entire body wound up like a spring, tighter and tighter, every nerve impulse coalescing into a scorching wave in his lower belly and his bollocks, until it crested and broke and he came so hard it hurt, in hot thick spurts across his belly, spilling down over his hand and onto their bent together thighs.
Sherlock grinned back, looking into that face he knew so well, every line and scar memorised, having traced every bump of bone with his fingertips, kissed every curve and swell with his mouth. There was something lurking at the back of those familiar eyes, something wary. John was an intensely private person, Sherlock knew that. He was well aware that John didn't like to be pried at, though he usually made an exception for Sherlock.
John slowly turned his head, taking in his neighbor. Younger than John, but flabby, pinkish and pale, with a receding hairline and soft hands. He was staring at John expectantly. John felt his upper lip curl in a snarl.
A rush of pleasure always coursed through me at John’s praise; it mattered not the place nor the circumstance. I was just as affected by his approval on a case as I was in the privacy of our bedroom, but I had to conceal my reaction whilst we were in public, and here I was free to indulge in my own sentimentality. I lowered my lashes and grinned, pleased and proud, my heart thumping nearly out of my chest. I joined his hand with mine and laced our fingers together against my sternum. John’s thumb traced the line of my bone as his fingers tightened affectionately, entwining our hands so that they were indistinguishable from one another.
and makes Sherlock see stars.
Basically you're saying I'm completely fucked up. I'm not. I'm really not. Sherlock's alive, we're together. I'm happy. I'm good.
So I fall asleep with my head on your arm and your leg over my hip, and promise myself we’ll talk about it tomorrow.
“Oh, God, John, fuck. Fuck, I’m - “ The rest of his sentence disappears into a shuddering groan as John’s tongue swirls around the head of his cock, pushing him right to the edge and keeping him there, shivering hotly and clutching desperately at the tops of John’s shoulders.
specifically. Not by name. He handed me a number to call, said if I was looking for a way out. Of whatever.”
“I’m sure you can think of some way to repay me.” Sherlock winks and spins away, hips wiggling slightly.
" John's voice is rough as he tugs lightly at Sherlock's hair, and it's exquisite. The possessiveness of it making Sherlock quiver; electricity that sparkles across his scalp and down his neck.
They drove in silence for a few kilometers, rain drumming a rhythm over the music, John leaning his head against the window and singing along quietly. Sherlock slipped a hand over the top of John’s thigh, fingers tapping out the melody line on the soft denim. They stayed that way, a cosy quiet descending over both of them, until Sherlock spotted a sprawling pinkish white building by the side of the road, cars parked scatteringly in its lot.
Bloody
John burst out in a fresh peal of giggles at that whilst Sherlock rolled his eyes, a smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth.
“Requesting info on target, acknowledge.”
“Oh. Interesting.” Hope picked up the other one as Sherlock looked down at the phial in his hand.
'Anything to add, Captain Watson?'
Positioning his bow over the D string, he forced himself to focus as he pressed his ring finger to it. Midnight was three minutes away, just enough time to play Shostakovich's Waltz No 2 before joining Lestrade. He needed to confirm that the soldier's eyes were the colour of the sky. It was crucial. Why? He had no idea.
‘Was it? Not exceedingly brilliant, you must admit.‘
Almost midnight.
watch!”
A loud sound followed by statics made a chill run down his spine. “Juliet Two One Echo to Golf Two Two Alpha, what was that?”
He licked his lips as Sherlock reached him, leaving barely a foot between them. Finally, he looked up: their gaze met and locked.
Sherlock, for his part, was wrapped in a garish orange shock blanket that the paramedics had inflicted upon him. The doctor noted with relief that colours were coming back to his face, at last. Truth be told, it was more akin to losing the greyish tint that had plagued his features than gaining anything, but considering the man's complexion, it was a good sign nonetheless.
Apprehension clawed at his insides, and he shoved the mobile back in his pocket before jumping into his car, practically feeling the blood draining from his face.
The man gave him a forced smile. “I am afraid you are not to be privy to such intelligence, Captain Watson.”
“I also read that you have shown exceptional dexterity with firearms. Quite unusual for a doctor, isn't it? Your accuracy is impressive, as is your capacity to function under pressure, but we already knew that, didn't we?”
a part of him bellowed, but remained unheard.
‘And who might that be?‘
“You have a
Sherlock's world collapsed in a sea of blue and gold as waves of unknown emotions flooded his mind.
The delivery man barely spared him a glance and returned to his mobile, muttering under his breath.
Rosamund climbed down the steep hill. He had been well placed to take her out, she had to admit. She took off her hat, letting her short dark hair breathe at last.
John was exhausted, and sleep was not on the agenda if being whisked away by a helicopter to God-knows-where was any indication.
“...so clever. But what’s the point of being clever if you can’t prove it?”
The man chuckled.
“You’re not the only one to enjoy a good murder. There’s others out there just like you, except you’re just a man...and they’re so much more than that.”
It might, once more, just have been a matter of chance, of John being the closest to CAM, of the overwhelming sense of betrayal and rightful fury that had flooded his system...
Sherlock crouched to examine the floor as Lestrade inanely blabbered in his ear.
In a rush of fury, the detective ducked and grabbed the man by his collar, shaking him violently. ‘I want a name!‘ he bellowed, centimetres away from the other's face. He could smell the stench of the breath coming out his slack mouth, its warm humidity on his chin.
Flashing blue lights and the click of cameras... John could almost taste the migraine that threatened to rear its hideous head. Hours after the suspect's demise, they were sitting in the back of a parked ambulance, watching the comings and goings of the officers and paramedics through its open doors. They were covered in mud and had sustained a few scraps, but nothing alarming, though John suspected he would have a splendid bruise in the morning.
A few minutes later, the object of their escort, codename CAM, stopped a few paces away from the doors. The air seemed to buzz as John met his cold, dead gaze. The man gave him a grimace that might have been a smirk and flicked his wrist. The men behind him seemed rather amused- the operative who took the first shot right in the throat much less so.
Sherlock shrugged and handed him the bottle. ‘Kind of you to offer.‘
Only Mycroft had remained. His brother had given him a small pat on the shoulder with an infuriating 'It's for the best.' before leaving him to wallow in his misery. Lestrade, taking pity upon him, had offered him a lift to his flat. Montagu street was far from ideal, but at least Sherlock could afford it. He would need to move, eventually.
'No, sir.' John answered, back straight and cursing Murray mentally.
Indeed, the guards patted him down and released him. He jumped to his feet, ready to bolt, and took in his surroundings. They had ended up in a circular office devoid of windows or any obvious door. At the centre, a man in an impeccable three-piece suit and a grave expression stood. He held a stack of papers in one hand, the other behind his back.
,” he cooed, “I'm not going to kill you! What do you think I am, crazy?” He giggled girlishly until his face suddenly gained back its steel. “You do, don't you?”
‘Yeah, just fine. Damn! He's getting away!‘
'Good job, Sherlock!' Lestrade clapped him on the back, a gesture he did not care for at all. 'I reckon that's all of them, don't you?'
Ignoring him, the detective bore his heel into the man's wound, his teeth clenched and expression murderous. Pain distorted the man's hateful features as he howled in agony.
'Piss off, Murray, wouldn't want to scare the birds with your ugly gob.'
,” a feminine voice whispered. “You are not Jonathan Hunter, but he is indeed dead. That idiot Moran, he didn’t even notice that one of his men had been replaced. Figures…”
They landed. He had barely put a foot on firm land when he was crammed into a jeep that drove them across the city to an inconspicuous house. The interior was quite cramped, and an old lady was sitting on a weary embroidered cushion. She gave them a small smile and resumed drinking her tea and stewing the content of her flimsy pot. Discoloured pieces of fabric hung on the tired walls, making the air feel stuffy and stale.
A long string of curses flew fluently from Lestrade's mouth as he stuck his head out the Panda car's window.
“Clearly.” Sherlock flattened both hands on the table and stood up. “Well, this has been
He examined the suspect with a sweeping glance. Young, in his late twenties at most with a strong East Anglian accent judging from his continuous string of insults. He was seemingly unbothered by the state of his clothes which were covered in so much filth that their original colour was indeterminable.
Sherlock mentally ordered.
‘Sherlock! Behind you!‘
'Blimey... You don't know! You bastard shoved your tongue down his throat without asking for his name?!'
“You’re not playin’ the numbers, you’re playin’ me. Did I just give you the good pill or the bad pill? Is it a bluff? Or a double-bluff? Or a triple-bluff?”
The shot rang out and their assailant let out a pained yelp. He had lost his grip on his handgun, which crashed on the tiles below.
John felt cold sweat run down his back. He had hidden his gun in its holster and avoided having his torso examined, directing the medics to his face instead. However, it was clear that a ballistic study would reveal that the calibre of the bullet that had pierced Pearson's arm was different from the criminal's gun.
Eventually, the officers took off their handcuffs. It had taken ten minutes of the teenager trying to defend him, but breaking down before ending any of her sentences before they finally understood that he had nothing to do with whatever was going on.
‘You helped him avoid prison, then?‘ John asked as they reached the glossy door and its shiny gold '221'.
Indeed, at least two dozen men and a handful of women were handcuffed on the ground whilst children and young teenagers were being wrapped in shock blankets. Sherlock frowned. Something was amiss, and he was not only referring to the absence of a blond soldier whose smile out-shined the sun. God, when had he become so sentimental? It was pathetic... He raised a hand to his chin. Something was escaping him, but he could not put his finger on what it was.
John frowned as the man glanced towards the orchestra.
‘Thank you, but I think John has had a long enough day dealing with me and would rather go home.‘ He looked pointedly at the bruise that had started to blacken on his jaw.
was relevant.
Mycroft, that tosser, was trying to keep the soldier away long enough so Sherlock would have left by the time he reached the orchestra. Fury flooded his senses and, impulsively, he gave a sharp twist of his bow across the A and E strings, coaxing an ungodly screech from his instrument. Every gaze turned to him. He had feared that precise situation, but at that moment, his rage at his brother prevented him from feeling any embarrassment at his blunder. The piece had been almost over, anyway. He glared at Mycroft, silently communicating his will to see him lose all his teeth, but luckily for his insufferable sibling, the pleasing view of the soldier's cheeky salute made his anger abate.
John's mouth opened in surprise as Sherlock nodded.
Sherlock straightened up and leaned forward, clasping his hands in front of him on the table. His eyes barely flickered as he scanned the man. It was high time to put an end to this. As he opened his mouth, his deadliest weapon about to deliver its unforgiving blow, he felt the silent buzz of his mobile on his thigh. Of course, Mycroft had to meddle. He ignored it along with the usual pang of annoyance at his brother's interference.
‘Who said anything 'bout a sponsor?‘ the man rasped.
His violin had been returned to him as a congratulatory gift upon achieving long-term sobriety. Whilst under the influence, he had not bothered with working on his scales daily, or even monthly for that matter. The instrument had been left aside not to be touched again the day he had turned twenty-two. His stomach turned. Of course, he had worked tirelessly for the last month to make up for lost times, but every squeak, every wrong note reminded him of how far he had fallen, from being a simple user to 'addict', as Mycroft put it. He closed his eyes shut for a heartbeat, trying to drown the inane blather of the room. It was still early, so only a handful of guests had arrived, but it still felt overwhelming. It could not be over fast enough...
‘You wouldn't have, but your sponsor on the other hand…‘
‘It was me.‘ Sherlock announced in a steady tone, surprising both the ex-army doctor and the DI,  ‘John tackled him to the ground and I took his gun. You will find my fingerprints on it. He escaped, and I fired.‘
Annoyed, John went back down to the living room to ask his new flatmate for one, firmly deciding to ignore the absurd irony of the situation.
The side of Sherlock’s nose twitched in distaste
“Tell me, dear,” the man in the suit purred, saccharine, “am I boring you?”
“But this...this is what you’re really addicted to, innit? You’d do anything...anything at all…”
'Yes, sir.'
” he hissed. He didn’t have much choice, did he? The inspector unfastened his seatbelt and bolted out, running as though the Devil was on his tail.
A wave of unease that suspiciously tasted like guilt twisted his gut. He rolled his tongue inside his mouth, as though to banish the feeling, but in vain. Shaking himself, he got out of bed to fetch his laptop. He pushed the power button, but the screen remained dark. The battery was dead, and his charger was nowhere in sight.
John grunted inwardly.
‘Oh, please!‘ the detective spat as his blood boiled. ‘Hope? NaCN? As though a low-level aspiring anarchist such as yourself would have wanted me on the case.‘
He had indirectly done her a huge favour, after all. It was unlike her to let things pass for a pretty face, but she felt safe in indulging this time.
His blood ran cold. He crouched and looked from where he had come. Gloria was supposed to be behind the hill East of his position. He squinted against the sun as a strong gust of wind blew the end of his turban behind his right shoulder, but was unable to discern anything relevant. Hesitating, he took a second glance at his target through the lens, but she had disappeared.
does not know about you. So, here is what's going to happen.” She leaned in to speak in his ear and he got a whiff of her perfume. “Help is on its way. I have activated the GPS on your radio so they won't have any trouble finding you. You are going back to England or wherever you're from and lie the fuck low.” She spat the last words. “If I ever hear from you again, I will not hesitate to kill you. Have a good life, John.”
They obeyed wordlessly, leaving John, the man in the suit and the security details behind. The man gave a quick glance at the nails of his free hand, seemingly considering and leaving the doctor to stew in his unease. He stood at parade rest. This individual was, obviously, upper commandment, if not higher, and John had already run his mouth without thinking a minute earlier.
‘I hope you like Italian cuisine. Angelo's is excellent.‘
'C'mon, he must have a name at least!'
“Gloria?! I can't hear you, repeat!”
John flexed his leg gingerly but did not feel anything aside from a light soreness due to their running around. He put the cane down and pushed it under his bed. It had not been twenty-four hours since he had arrived, but he already felt at ease, which was a cause for worry in itself. He extended his fingers. His steady fingers.
Realisation dawned upon him.
“Come on. Play the game.”
“Roger, starting operation Echo Five imme-“
The man let out a desperate chuckle. 'Ya really think that- ARGH!'
They pulled to a stop in front of a small restaurant.
‘And you invaded Afghanistan.‘
He ran a finger across the faint bloodstains on the ground. The pigs had been bled before being brought here and stuffed with the bacteria. The lorry had just been a distraction, a way to destabilise them and pique his interest.
In a flash, he was back to the table, reaching out and sweeping up the bottle nearest the cabbie, before walking past him.
Roland-Kerr College. Jeff Hope looked down at the bottles briefly then met Sherlock’s eyes.
'It really couldn't.'
Five months later, thousands of miles away, Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, found himself uncharacteristically entertained.
“So what d’you think? Shall we?” A predatory smile twisted his features. “Really, what do you think?”
With his pyjamas on, he reached for his cane and stared at it as it rested in his hands. He had not noticed and would not have, had he not tripped on it.
There was a beat of silence.
She got to her feet and walked away, leaving him to drown in darkness.
, he thought as he turned the key in the ignition,
One thing was for certain: CAM received a bullet between his hateful eyes, and John Watson was the one who put it there. A second of pure silence went by as the man seemed to fall in slow motion. He hit the ground with a limp thud. A beat and all hell broke loose.
“Golf Two Two Alpha, this is Juliet Two One Echo, requesting immediate response!”
John stretched, feeling better than he had in a long time. The food had been excellent, the wine delicious, and the day stimulating. Next to him, Sherlock was texting rapidly, muttering under his breath. The candle had gone out, leaving for only sources of light a feeble table lamp and the detective's mobile. A yawn interrupted his meticulous consideration of his companion's typing. He rubbed his eyes with his palms as the exhaustion finally caught up to him.
‘Isn't it?‘
John did not hear the end of the sentence as he had already taken off, running as fast as he could.
‘Paperwork…‘ he said disdainfully.
The man was an enigma. Fascinating, but out of reach. Yet, there was something profoundly off. The events of the day seemed linked to previous happenings he had no knowledge of.
Hot red coloured John's vision, but before any retort could escape his mouth, he was hauled out of the room.
Another portion of the wall slid, revealing an elderly man in uniform. “Agent Gloria, Agent Scott. I must ask you to follow me.”
He ruffled his hair. It was full of dust and dried sweat. His face had been grazed by shrapnel, but he had not felt it at the time when it had pierced the skin.
‘Of course, you did. When did you find out about the gun, by the way?‘
Bill's snickers died down as they stepped into the entrance hall.
‘...Straight from the bottle, it is,‘ John replied as he popped it open with the corkscrew from the detective's Swiss army knife.
Gloria, who had become his friend so easily when he had lost everyone. When he had lost James and Murray. Gloria and her sharp brown eyes, loud laugh and her cool head. Scott had been more difficult to get along with. He had never managed to get over the death of his Commanding Officer, Colonel Sebastian Moran. John had grown to like him, nonetheless. His stoicism and deadpan humour, the comfortable silence they shared... Then, like so many others, a bullet had taken him. A head shot whilst tracking the last of the men present on the day they all met, John had not been able to do anything about it.
'In a sense, yeah.'
Sherlock began to move the pill closer to his mouth. His opponent mirrored the movement.
“What do you mean, more than a man? An organisation? What?”
‘We might need glasses for that, don't you reckon?‘
Lestrade burst in such hysterics that Sherlock would have feared for his life as the car almost hit a lamp pole were he not so mortified.
‘Ta used to play rugby in Uni.‘
'I could be wrong, but I think that’s none of your business.'
Bloody Mycroft! Of course, he had to interfere. Sherlock had followed the soldier's progress as best as he could until his wretched brother had taken it upon himself to put a spanner in the work. Watching the blond man move through the crowd in time with the music had given Sherlock's playing a new lease of life. It was absurd and he was vibrating with anticipation as the fingers of his left hand danced on the strings. If there was any time to show off, that must have been it. His face had however fallen when he had spotted his brother knock the soldier's hat from under his arm and drag him to the fringe of the mass of dancers. He had watched the discussion that followed from the corner of his eyes, taking in the man's posture and the way Mycroft had inclined his head, seemingly taken aback by what the stranger had said. He had smiled to himself then until he caught a glance of the clock.
“Juliet Two One Echo, roger.”
Each of their hands moved closer to their lips. The detective could almost taste the capsule on his tongue.
He could swear she had smirked, though his vision was blurred by pain and exhaustion.
'I might come to regret it in the future, but,' he took a breath and gave John a cold stare and a sneer, 'you may find the person you are looking for on the first floor of the East wing.' he sighed, as though resigned, 'Though I must warn you, you might come to change your mind upon witnessing the scene. I must ask you to refrain from-'
“Please, refrain from attacking my men. They are merely complying with the protocol.”
John maintained eye contact for a few beats, before shaking his head, laughing. ‘Real people don't do that, you know?‘
Sherlock rushed to his side. ‘Are you all right?‘ he asked, a bit too shakily for his own taste.
‘You needn't bother.‘ Sherlock interrupted. ‘Takeaway would be fine.‘
“Can you beat me?”
‘Hey, Sherlock, I was-‘
“Juliet Two One Echo, this is Golf Two Two Alpha. Radio check.”
‘Good evening, Angelo. I do hope we are not waking you.‘
He had entered the East wing without registering what was going on around him. How could he, knowing he was so close? And when he reached him... God, the man was breathtaking, even with his back to him.
The violinist was nowhere to be seen. An elderly woman had taken his place. John could have cried, but all that came was a disbelieving chuckle as a large lump took residence in his throat. He was too late. After all the obstacles he had had to face... He dropped heavily on one of the seats lining the wall and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. Well, that was that. He sighed heavily as he ran a hand through his hair.
Sherlock breathed out a 'Fantastic!', before running towards their target, John hot on his heels. The detective grabbed the weapon on the floor before rushing up the metallic stairs. The steps of their suspect echoed around them, giving rhythm to their chase like a sick metronome.
she sneered to herself,
'Hi... Er, I know it's a bit awkward, but-- I mean, I might be wrong, but--'
John did the same and hummed in contentment. ‘It
He had said the latter with a fond smile. For all his rough exterior, Major James Sholto was an exceptional leader who cared deeply about his subordinates, and they answered in kind. Even when the man had ordered the 'important figures' of the battalion to attend a bloody gala, of all things. Therefore, Captain John Watson, Medical Officer of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers had, on the last day of his criminally short leave, donned his midnight blue jacket along with all the clobber, medals and whatnot, and that stupid hat that made him look like a right plonker.
The sudden exclamation interrupted his train of thoughts and he turned around to finally, finally face the person who had habited his mind all evening. A few feet away, he was panting a bit, a thin sheen of sweat covering his sun-kissed skin.
His fingers began to tremble with excitement and anticipation. His body remembered as it always did.
'You don't seem very afraid.' he mused.
At a loss for words, John shook his head in disbelief and, cane in hand- yet not leaning on it- proceeded to his upstairs bedroom.
‘When you got out of the taxi in front of Baker Street.‘
It had been a trap. He tried to move, but the agony was too much to endure, and he fell back, his consciousness half-gone. Lights were flashing before his eyes, and his ears were pounding with the sound of gunfire and intense, unnatural silence. His brain was sending desperate messages, losing control.
Angelo seemed almost offended at the suggestion. ‘For you? Anything.‘ He put an arm around Sherlock and gave him a firm squeeze as he addressed John. ‘This man got me off a murder charge. Hey-ho, Daniel!‘ He released Sherlock and met the young man from earlier halfway across the room. ‘Two menus, and set up the table, okay?‘
'Ah, yes. The bravery of the soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don’t you think?'
The soldier had decided to come along, Sherlock observed. Fantastic! Two birds with one stone, he thought as he jumped over the bannister, closely followed by his new companion. The man Sherlock had seen was the missing piece, the Provider, the one bringing all those children to these men and women of power to use and abuse at their leisure. He could not let him escape. The soldier might have realised that, too, as he suddenly accelerated and passed Sherlock to tackle their target. It was wonderful and Sherlock almost shouted out of sheer excitement. The Provider fell face-first against the marble with a loud slam. The soldier, on the other hand, had regained his balance immediately and was putting him in a headlock before tying his wrists behind his back with the handcuffs Sherlock handed him. Satisfied with his work, he got up and tapped his hands as to dust them.
As unusual as it was, Sherlock Holmes felt anxious. It was peculiar and quite puzzling as he had been certain he had managed to do away with such frivolity years ago. Yet, as he frowned at his violin, apprehension clawed through his gut. Analysing the feeling, he came up with a couple of reasons for its intrusion.
With one last glance of confirmation, the soldier aimed. His hand was perfectly still and, with a look of hardened concentration on his face, he pressed the trigger.
He walked to Moran who was still as a statue and, with a suggestive wiggle of his brow, slid his hands down his torso to his belt where he grabbed a handgun.
‘At one in the morning?‘
Sherlock gulped as the suspect whinged.
‘Sherlock! Call 999!‘ John ordered as he desperately stuck his fingers in the man's throat.
“My- Wait, what?”
'Watch your steps, Captain,' he intoned in a haughty voice, 'You might find yourself regretting your endeavour.'
More statics.
He cleared his throat and took another gulp of wine. ‘Usually, yes,‘ he answered, locking his gaze with the doctor’s own.
“Are you sure?”
His face was burning at the memory. He wished they had been able to go on for much longer... If he were honest with himself, he wished they never had to stop. Unfortunately, a few minutes after the amazing takedown of the suspect, the place had been swarming with officers, both military and police. The soldier and he had become separated and, despite Sherlock's best efforts, he had not been able to find him when he had come back an hour later, once all the culprits had been whisked away.
Suddenly, the sound of footsteps caught his attention, and his brow rose. Without looking up from his task, he tried to determine what had piqued his interest. The stride, the shoes... Those were not what one usually expected as such an event. But this night was anything but usual, after all. What an interesting turn of event, he mused. Having the military in the room was bound to complicate matters if push came to shove, which it most certainly would. He blinked as he heard one set of footsteps break the well-rounded rhythm. Curious as to what had led the soldier to distraction, he lifted his gaze. In retrospect, he should have known it had been a huge mistake, but as his eyes met those of the blond man clad in what could only be the night sky, Sherlock could not bring himself to care.
"You think so? Huh. I don't know, I think I'd feel bloody foolish." John abruptly closed the box and set it on the floor. "It was a hell of a lovely thought though. We
I sucked in a broken breath as my spine arched involuntarily, my eyes rolling back as I stared up at the ceiling and whimpered, “Oh, please, please,” not even knowing what I was asking for.
“Well, I can’t just…” Sherlock looks at him pleadingly, but there’s no softness in John’s face right now. His jaw set in a hard line. “Do you have any idea how fucking hard it would be for me to quit shooting up cold turkey? I've been...for over a year now. I could...I could go into shock, John.”
"Thank you. I hope so. You know I'm not the best cook, but. Pasta's fairly difficult to destroy, right? Do you want to get a shower before we eat?"
me?” John was having a terribly difficult time imagining Lester carrying a heavy shopping bag, let alone John. Solid, muscled John, who had always been much heavier than he looked. Especially when he was unconscious dead weight.
“I was going to say, get cleaned up and have supper, but.”
“It’s not bothering me. It’s
you’ve had a proper meal and some more sleep. I swear, I don’t know how anyone gets well in hospital, with that wretched food and nurses coming in at all hours to wake you, prod at you with everything under the sun. It’s absurd -”
“Perfect. Meet you at breakfast tomorrow then?”
“Sure. Course I do.” John smiled his most innocent smile, making sure those blue eyes were twinkling, and pulled out his wallet. After the man had left, John had sat in the diner, chewing his rubbery omelet, and counted the money in the envelope. Tucked in with the most cash he’d ever held in his hands in his entire life was a Wisconsin driver’s license with his picture, in the name of John Winston. He supposed the first name was kept so John wouldn’t forget his own name.
“I’ll hide all your razors.” Sherlock raised John’s wrist to his mouth and nipped at the delicate veins.
Laugh lines crinkling.
John smiles, and Sherlock can feel the movement against his own mouth. It’s a ghosting kiss, barely there. Then Sherlock tips his chin up, offering, and John captures his mouth in a kiss that’s half a sob, relief and joy and wonder pouring out of them, mingling on each other’s tongues. It’s familiar, in a way Sherlock can’t quite put his finger on. It feels as though they’ve done this before, and now Sherlock is just coming home, putting his mouth exactly where it’s always meant to be.
“Well. There are many advantages to having the British government for a brother. Such as access to the nation’s rubbish.”
“But...surely afterward…” Sherlock turns those verdant eyes on him, blinking owlishly.
“Just. Shut up.” Sherlock rolls his eyes and pokes his finger between her shoulder blades to make her move.
Those eyes should be looking at him with desire, not pity. He puts his thumb against Sherlock's lip, over his chin. "Yeah. I'm just desperate to get you into bed."
“Oh. We were in Whitechapel, tailing that suspect in the Sussex case. And he shot at us, remember? You went after him, and I - I wasn’t - you told me to wait - not that it was your fault, I’m not saying that - I just. He hit you. With his gun. You’ve got a concussion, perhaps a skull fracture. They’ve not done the CT scan yet. You don’t remember any of that, John?” Sherlock’s thumbs are rubbing comforting little circles against the insides of John’s wrist, pressing into the heel of his hand, rhythmic and instinctive.
. Gryffindor golden boy, and look at me.” Sherlock shakes his head and reaches for a giant slab of chicken and ham pie. “I don’t want to talk about it anymore, Rose. Just.
God, what they have been through. And it’s not even close to being over yet. The last few days have been an interlude, the interval between the bloody first and second acts.
Angry? No.
John reaches inside his tee shirt and pulls his dog tags over his head. He should have done this last night. He stands up and lowers them over Sherlock’s curls, smoothes the silver circles against the tawny down on his bare chest. “Better?”
Sherlock laughs and pulls his coat tighter around him. “I thought he was rather pleasant today. For Mycroft, anyway.”
“Oh, god, that really wasn’t even that funny.” He breathes, still smiling, and wiping the tears from his eyes.
Sherlock laughed softly, closed his eyes and opened them again, looking up at John with the beginnings of a dark heat. He turned his face into John’s leg, in the hollow of tendon inside John’s knee, and rubbed his lips over the denim. “I am sorry I kept you waiting. I should have texted. It’s not too late, John? To do what we'd planned?”
, his lisp is coming out, which it always does when he’s nervous. He tries to tuck his tongue down behind his teeth where it belongs.
“Fine.” Sherlock acquiesces grouchily, trying to sound annoyed, but the effect is tempered by the loud yawn that escapes him as he kicks off his shoes and uncurls his legs to drape them across John’s thighs. He snakes his right arm behind John’s back and tucks his head snug into the crook of John’s neck.
“We understand.” John answers for them both, squeezing Sherlock’s fingers.
Sherlock smiles in John’s direction, but it’s fleeting, his restless eyes flicking back to the London rush hour traffic as they wait to cross the street. Something’s off. He’s not being convincing enough. Sherlock’s not buying it, he knows
at this, not able to navigate the ups and downs of the kind of recovery John’s struggling through. He’s so goddamned inadequate. “Yes, of course I do.”
, and you never. You never say it back.”
“Cairndow proper is that way,” John said through a mouthful of toast. He pointed northwest, toward where Sherlock had spotted the top of the kirk last night, though it was now made invisible by thick fog. “It’s really tiny. Like a few inns and the kirk and maybe like a few hundred houses. They don’t even have a school anymore. I remember it closing when Harry and I were kids.”
"Not long. You've gotten quieter. That's a skill that will come in useful when we get back to casework."
"I'll take care of the fare, thank you." She pulls thirty quid from an artfully embroidered little change purse and shoves it into the cabbie's hand. "Put your money away, Sherlock."
No. Sherlock doesn’t want to be different. He wants to be what John wants. His face must register this, because John says quickly, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to - no. You’re perfect, love, you’re fine.”
"Yes. I wanted you to - " Sherlock swallows, biting his lip, trying to move his hips against John's hand, trying to urge his fingers back.
A relieved sob rises up in John's throat and he claps his hand over his mouth to stifle it before he realises he's not supposed to be doing that anymore. So he allows himself a few choking sobs and the tears that come with them before he passes his fingertips longingly over the indentations of Sherlock's messy scrawl.
“It’s true.”
Quicker than John can process what's happening, Sherlock's rolled on top of him, caging him under his larger frame. John burrows into the bed, rolling his neck, the quiet intimacy of this moment even more intoxicatingly loving than what came before. Sherlock's soft cock, still wet and hot from their multiple rounds of lovemaking, brushes against John's lower belly. He bends his knees, brackets Sherlock's hips, hands automatically roaming up under Sherlock’s shirt, running warm across that expanse of marked skin, over his still peaked nipples, playing with his feathering of chest hair.
Sherlock reluctantly set the blue and silver plastic handled monstrosity down next to John's laptop and lowered himself into his chair. He stared at the package as if he could discern what was inside just by looking at it hard enough. He curled his knees up and set his chin on top of them, and wondered how on earth he could have known John for over a decade now, and have never known that he had relatives in Scotland. What else did he not know about John?
, alright?" Sherlock's voice was tight with concern.
So he’d
“You want the pickle? I hate pickles.” John waves the pickle at Sherlock and it flops listlessly against his hand. It looks like a limp dick.
He doesn’t say any of that. He just smiles, and John smiles back with soft eyes that make Sherlock feel quiet inside. Quieter than he’s ever felt.
"Oh god, don't you
, she must have heard them, but she's happy and they're happy, so they can't feel too embarrassed. John types up the case while Sherlock fiddles with some experiment and then they catch each other's eyes, and drift into Sherlock's bedroom, kissing slow and deep and long, and when they're breathing hard afterwards, Sherlock curls his body around John's and strokes his hair as they fall asleep, and somehow seven years doesn't seem so very long after all.
The shuffle of John’s newspaper precedes his words, “Ah, Holmes, I was wondering when you’d reemerge. You've been under nearly all afternoon. Did you sort it out?”
“No. You should have been here, eating and sleeping and taking care of yourself, so you can do it again. You’re no good to anyone half asleep and dehydrated, Sherlock. You know that. Or, actually, you usually don't, which is why I took you home.”
I draped myself over the chair as John instructed, feeling both wanton and exposed - which was, to be clear, a sensation I quite enjoyed. Which John well knew. My elbows rested on the top, my knees slipping wide on the cushion. My hard, leaking cock bobbed heavy between my legs and rubbed up against the slick leather, eliciting from me a broken little cry.
glad Johnny Boy pulled through."
"I'm John."
John’s watching them with a crooked grin. “I told you we’d find her, Sherlock. Or, rather, she found us.”
could be the last one. So he makes sure to say it, always, as frequently as possible.
Sherlock laughed softly, drawing circles on John's back with his fingertips. "So I have been told more than once."
I know you will.
At this rate, it's unlikely. The body's in a terrible state and the scene is compromised. It's going to be a late night.
"Perhaps." Sherlock said offhandedly.
The rest of the early afternoon passes uneventfully. Albus, Hugo, and Lily play Exploding Snap and compare Famous Witch and Wizard Card collections, while John snores quietly beside Sherlock. Rose and Sherlock both eventually pull out textbooks to study a bit, and before long, it’s 1pm and the Honeydukes trolley is pulling up outside their compartment.
Sherlock's shaking, the profundity of all the things they've said to each other, all that’s still unsaid. It's overwhelming, loving someone this intensely; he's crashing, he's coming apart, he can't process emotion like this, he can't...he forgets to breathe for a second.
God, he would do anything for this not to end - the cuddling, the warmth of John’s body stretched out against his, fingertips tracing lazy lines along his hairline. Now that the initial panic is receding, he really doesn’t give a
you, and that’s - hard. I’m bad at this part.”
“You’re so good to me, you’ve been so good to me, so patient, so forgiving. You made me remember myself, Sherlock.” John slides lower, abandoning the tingling bruise he left on Sherlock’s hip and nuzzles along the crease of his thigh. “I want to be good to you.”
John shakes off these dark, self-recriminating thoughts as Sherlock curls a hand at him in invitation. The water is the perfect temperature, right on the edge of too hot, little pools of scented oil floating on the surface. John lowers himself down between Sherlock’s knees, leans back into the familiar plane of his chest, the intimacy of sharing a bath like this almost more intense than sex. It’s caretaking. It’s comfort.
"Well. I don't really know where to start."
“So you wouldn’t mind if we -” Sherlock trails off.
John leaps from his seat again and grabs the bottom, stabilising it and helping Sherlock shove it up into place.
The reality of being alone with John, even for a short ten minute walk, renders Sherlock immediately unable to swallow. He’ll have nothing to say. He doesn’t know John at all, really. All Sherlock’s interested in are books and classes and science, and he doesn’t have any idea what John is interested in, aside from Quidditch. His gaze sweeps over to where John’s standing in the middle of the pitch, his broom leaning against his chest. He’s gesturing up at the hoops and making complicated movements with his hands, surrounded by the rapt members of the Gryffindor team, their faces screwed up with concentration as he coaches them.
"You're still fucking me," Sherlock says hoarsely, and scrapes his fingernails down John's back.
"Anywhere you like." Her pen scratched across the paper. John couldn't read it.
"John, are you alright?" Sherlock's voice was sharper than subspace normal, the inflection more crisp. He was concerned enough to be emerging from the safety of his subspace.
John moved, shifted to the side, and winced as pain shot down his side from his broken ribs. The catheter tube was trapped between the mattress and the metal rail. Shit. This was going to get real intimate, real quick.
John shuts the door and locks it with a quiet click. He doesn't turn around. Sherlock’s arms instinctively close around his waist, where they belong.
, John thinks, and for the first time, he really believes it.
Sherlock smiles sleepily and John grabs his hand, weaves their fingers together. John raises their hands and kisses Sherlock's knuckles, thinking of the night they met, and their first night as couple, and the first night after they were married, and how this one falls in with those. This is the first night they don't have to wake up to the alarm, or worry about a phone going off, or check the blog for leads. The first night when it's just them, the rest of the world be damned.
“I’m so fucking angry with you.” He doesn’t mean it, not really.
John nods, and rests his head against the wall, traces his fingertips in patterns against Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock closes his hand over John’s, and they stare at each other, fingers lazily stroking.
“You don’t.” Sherlock winked and smiled, set the bowl on the bedside table and wiped John’s face and throat gently with a washcloth.
I gasped, momentarily lost for words. Finally I sputtered, "John.
John softens, the swell of anger subsiding. “I know that, sweetheart. And you’re very good at it. Amazingly good at it. It doesn’t mean you have to be perfect at it, alright? And the most important thing here is that a criminal’s been caught, yeah? Isn’t that the point of what we do? We get the bad guy. Well, the bad guy is gotten. No one else is going to get hurt, and I am certain that your deductions up until last night aided in that.”
God, this feels so right. It’s such a
“Yes.” John says slowly, slipping Sherlock’s trouser button through the buttonhole and pulling down his zip. He slides both hands into Sherlock’s pants, feeling the warm smooth curve of his hips, and pushes pants and trousers down over his spread thighs. “I’m not gay, doesn’t mean I’ve never been with a man before.”
you hungry for?”
“Yes. Very.” Sherlock digs his toes under John’s thigh, and burrows lower on the sofa. “You'd like to push me. You'd like to push
“You are most definitely
He swung his legs out of the blankets, and walked quietly into the hallway. Sherlock's voice sounded urgent, strained. The kitchen was dark, all the lights off. Shadows danced and winked across the green walls, the fireplace crackling merrily and casting light across the tiny flat. John hovered in the hallway door, out of the light. Listening.
If he'd never met me, this would never have happened to him." Sherlock drags hard on the cigarette, smoke pluming around his face as he lets his head drop into his hand. He feels wrung out, hollow. Like he did all the time before John swept in, all golden smiles and warm skin and laughter. "I'm a fucking curse."
against Sherlock’s stomach and rubs his fingertips slick against the stretched rim of Sherlock’s hole.
“You sure it’s okay?” John looks worried, glances at the half open door to the hallway.
Sherlock's eyes wandered from the road to look at John fully. He looked different already, a part of him emerging that Sherlock hadn't been privy to before now. There was a wildness about him, his nostrils flared to take in the night smells of the forest around them, his eyes wide and pale in the moonlight. Sherlock couldn't look away.
"That's a nice name. Solid. And you are?” She looks at him questioningly, but gently. What has he ever done to deserve people like this?
“We believe - well. You’ve read about the disappearances, I assume?”
"Yes, thanks, love." John takes a deep breath in and leans his head back against the cushions. "Going upstairs is a hard business. Who would ever think?"
"Put it on me?" Sherlock holds it up to John, waiting for him to take it.
- the elements Sherlock needed to live, flowing into John’s body. It was hypnotic, the taste, the smell, just the idea of it. He sucked harder, running the tip of his tongue along the edge of the cut, blackness filling in his vision.
Sherlock rolls on his side, curls up with John's pillow in his arms.
Yes. She's hardly you, but you need to finish your match. I'll be fine.
Summoning all his internal control, he inhales deeply and tries to quell the rising panic in his stomach.
"I want to fuck you so hard - Christ - so fucking hard, Sherlock," John meant to say
"Well." John turns his head and kisses the tips of Sherlock's fingers. "In a practical sense."
Sherlock stops mid-sentence, fumbling for the lamp that doesn’t seem to be there, and simultaneously realising that the sofa feels...wrong. Instead of the smooth buttery leather it should be, the upholstery is a thick velvet that catches at his trousers as he moves.
“No, they’ve left. 68 bus to Euston - yes, John already pointed that out. As long as Mrs Hudson is s---good. Alright. Are we clear to go home, then? Ah. Good. And Malvo? He's here, yes? Thought so. Fine. Alright.” Sherlock hangs up without saying goodbye. “We can go home as soon as Mycroft sends us a tail, which should be about twenty minutes. Baker Street’s been searched and cleared. Malvo’s gone to ground, but he’s being looked for. The best thing for us to do is go home and think. I need to think, John.”
you to.” Sherlock mouthed at the inside of John’s thigh, tonguing into the soft flesh. He scraped lightly with his teeth and John panted harshly, his leg muscles contracting. Sherlock nuzzled along his flank, John’s fingers massaging the base of his skull, pressing into his cervical vertebrae. He found the spot he wanted, the musky damp skin at the juxtaposition of arse and thigh, and pulled it into his mouth, between his teeth, sucking lightly at first.
fucking much, Sherlock.
John's hands fall naturally to the top of Sherlock's head, fingers working gently through his curls. Sherlock lays his cheek alongside the inside of John's thigh and rubs a bit, feeling like a contented cat - well-fed and petted. They stay like that as their laughter fades away, wrapped together, Sherlock's long body curled into the outlines of John's much smaller one. John's fingers wander down to play with the helix of Sherlock's ear, the curls at the nape of his neck.
"Yes."
The exact weight of John's head on his stomach. He still wants that, but this. This is blissful. The curve of John's skull hard against his bone thin shoulder. Sherlock can feel John's heartbeat in his temple. He swallows against a sudden surge of emotions he doesn’t have names for. John’s hand shifts, wraps around Sherlock’s from the front, John’s sweaty palm against the top of Sherlock’s hand, his fingertips pressing into Sherlock’s lifeline. John’s elbow jutting into the crease of Sherlock’s. Their arms fit together like they were made to do just this. He’s never in his life felt this kind of connection to another person. Not even Molly. Not even his own brother. He doesn’t have friends.
“Alright, love?” John nudges at the side of Sherlock’s face with his own, slips his hand from under Sherlock’s nightshirt and instead pets soothingly down the length of his arm.
Sherlock quickly averts his gaze. Doesn't want John to think he was watching him sleep for almost two hours, even though that was, in fact, precisely what he's been doing. "Oh. Awake again, I see."
“Ah. It’s nice to be home.” John sinks down into the sofa, automatically reaching behind him to adjust the throw pillow. His head still feels overly tight, and he rubs hard at his brow, trying to ease some of the tension.
"Oh, sorry." Sherlock reaches into his jacket to get out a twenty, but before he can hand it over, Mrs Hudson comes rushing out the front door and raps smartly on the cabbie's window.
They have so many things they needed to discuss, to do. Urgent, important things that have to do with their safety, and the rest of their lives. They have to meet with Mycroft. They have to talk about what had happened while they were apart. They have to sort out this Malvo and Moriarty connection.
“John, really. Call me Greg.” Lestrade look up at them from halfway down the steps, his eyes framed by the spindles of the banister. “And I mean what I said about not leaving the flat. Not for any reason. Not until I’ve sorted out what we’re going to do and done a bit of my own research on Jim Moriarty.”
"Mmm." Sherlock hums an affirmative, burrows more snugly against John's chest.
. He shut his eyes and stuffed his fingers in his ears, let the sound of rushing blood sweep these ugly thoughts away. He exhaled smoke and sorrow and fear, resolved to go back to John and not burden him with this shit.
"Sherlock." John taps his fingertips over Sherlock's spine one vertebrae at a time, his cheek pressed against Sherlock's shoulder. "That's the title page, love."
He’s going to come all over the sheets, just rutting like an animal while Sherlock’s fucking him. The visual of that, of John’s wet flushed cock trapped between his belly and the bed, makes everything in Sherlock’s body go tight and stretched. He slams his eyes shut and forces himself not to come yet.
The rest of the day is almost as if nothing has changed. They get a cab from Speedy's to Scotland Yard, talk with Greg about the case, and he smiles at bit more than usual at them and gives John a knowing wink as they leave which makes John blush from his hairline to his collar. They run a merry chase through Soho before John pins their target against a sooty brick wall and Greg cuffs him and hauls him in. They go home and have dinner with Mrs Hudson, who kisses Sherlock on the cheek as they head upstairs and says, "Finally," and they both giggle, because
Sherlock stands, gets his shoes and socks from beside the sofa. "No. I can't. I need -- I need. I need to get away from this place. That's so -- I can't think about you and me here. It's too close. It's too much
“Okay, darling. My sweet boy. My lovely little pet. That’s it.” John watched, enraptured, as Sherlock’s body relaxed, his shoulders falling, furrowed brow easing, slipping into his subspace and allowing John to take control. Such relief in every line of his body. John would have to remember this in the future. Too many days without allowing Sherlock his subspace wasn’t good for him. “That’s it, sweetling, just let it go. What a good boy.”
He needs to touch him, see those blue eyes open wide, make him laugh. Thirty minutes is an eternity.
He pulled up to the kerb where he’d picked up Mr Strident that morning. There he was, surrounded by a gaggle of his compatriots. All tight filthy jeans and spiked hair, fat gold chains around their necks. When John’s car pulled up, they all turned as a unit. Someone elbowed Mr Strident, and grinned.
, this kid. A puppy with fangs and a fierce bite.
John shuts the door and locks it with a soft click. When he looks at Sherlock again, his eyes are both sympathetic and unyielding. “Sherlock. You are spinning out of control. You just bashed your head into the wall at least three times that I heard, and you’re frustrated and exhausted. You need to go home and have a break.”
saying - " John stretches up until their noses are touching. They’re both breathing like they’ve been running, through their mouths, Sherlock’s breath ghosting humid over John’s lips. He smells like sugared coffee and toast.
"I won't need you to stop."
Sherlock shrugged, exhilarated not only by the bracing Scottish air and the promise of a crime to solve, but by the burning expression in John’s eyes and the memory of last night surging unbidden through his mind’s eye. John’s sweaty hair in the firelight, the muscles in his forearms undulating as his hands moulded bruises into Sherlock’s hips.
“No one else deserved to have it said.” John chin tilts up, and Sherlock’s down, and they’re kissing again, tongues curling wet and hot against each other, cool skin, John’s hand drifting down over his hip.
John shakes his head against Sherlock's chest and inhales deeply. "Sherlock?"
is almost painful. It doesn’t even occur to him to not accept. To say,
The bartender backed away with wide eyes, clearly excusing herself from the rising tension, and started filling pint glasses.
John Watson to get angry, to have a tantrum. You just control. Everything and everyone. Yourself, me, Greg, your fucking sister you never even allow to come to London and visit because she potentially might temporarily embarrass you. Has it ever occurred to you that you're not everyone's damn
“Well, sit down then, and stop blocking out the light.” Sherlock’s own voice is jittery, needle thin after more than twelve hours without a fix. His throat’s dry. “You got anything to drink?”
John held up a staying hand, not taking his eyes off his phone. “Shh.”
horrible chair. Just the musty smell of it was a salve on his raw nerves. He closed his eyes and leaned back, listening to it creak and complain.
John rolls his head up into Sherlock’s touch like a cat, closes his eyes and draws in a deep breath. His knees slide up so he can maneuver on top of Sherlock, his feet slipping icily along Sherlock’s calves. He’s hard now - already - and they haven’t even kissed yet. His cock is thick inside his pants, nudging against the elastic waistband, and all Sherlock can think is
Sherlock, the one no one gets to see but me. So, what reminds me of you? Well, my love, it’s going to be a long list.
"Shut up." Sherlock says without rancor, snuggling against John's side and tracing circles on his knee with three fingers.
Finally, at near midnight, Sherlock put an end to it.
Bemidji was the kind of town that appeared in prime time shows from the 1980’s, so quaint that it had to be rotten at its heart. Perfect high street - main street, John thought Americans called it - little homegrown shops, people in puffy parkas and knit hats standing by their cars and chatting, shopping bags dangling from their hands, children slip-sliding on ice patches and laughing.
“Happy anniversary, old man.” He pulls Sherlock closer, tighter, because maybe there was a moment, maybe more, when this almost slipped away from them, and that’s unimaginable. He strokes his hand up and down Sherlock’s flank, the curve of his hip, the rise of his ribcage. “I love you.”
Their conversation had been brief and horrible. John's lip had curled defiantly as he had introduced Sherlock as his boyfriend, which he still was, then. John's father's nose had flared in blatant disgust and he'd refused to shake Sherlock's hand, muttering something about
John pauses, cheeks flushed. He blinks and looks at the edge of the table, sniffs hard and squints. “I sat on it for a while. But I didn’t throw it out. Kept, just, looking at it. Finally, I called. Malvo answered - though I never knew his name until much later. Until Minnesota. He told me, you know, I could make a lot of money, get the hell out of London. I didn’t care about the money, of course. I just couldn’t be here anymore, and I didn’t want to be anywhere, really. I just wanted to disappear. Even from myself.”
“You did.” John arches an eyebrow at him.
He swallowed hard, and looked around, more than half expecting to see someone lurking round the corner of a building, watching him. A deep unsettled feeling washed over him. This wasn’t Mycroft. His blood ran cold.
"I always did, from the start, always. Wanted you. Loved you." John says quietly, seriously, wanting Sherlock to understand how much he means this.
Deep breath. “Then we go back home, and I get high and you go to sleep.”
John eased himself back in the chair, stretched his legs out straight on either side of Sherlock. He swept Sherlock’s fringe away from his forehead and sighed. “This is all I’ve ever wanted, you know. Just you.”
“John, I need - please,” I threaded my fingers through his and pulled his hand to my aching cock.
John smacks Sherlock’s arm and sticks his tongue out. “Oh, a thumping good endorsement, that! Thanks a
The nurse came in, Lester retreated to a corner as she cleaned up the vomit and checked John’s vitals. She crossed the room and closed the window, twisting the lock firmly. Then she returned to John to remove the thermometer from his mouth. She patted him on the arm, her eyes lingering on the cuts he’d given himself. Their eyes locked, and she allowed her sleeve to hitch up a little, showing purple and white shiny lines across her wrists. They stared at each other, and John felt something dislodge in his chest.
"I think we should wait to talk about this until you've done your session." Sherlock's hand brushed his on the seat.
John was uncomfortably thankful to see him. At least it was a familiar face. A flicker of something else, another familiar face, sparked in the back of his mind, but he couldn’t quite hold on to it. The idea of it was left, someone familiar and comforting, murmured words, but no, it was...too ephemeral.
Sherlock giggles, lilting and happy, and the sound of it lights John up from the inside out. He presses a hard kiss to Sherlock’s lips and throws a leg over Sherlock’s thigh. Heat blooms between them, slow, familiar. The tip of a tongue, a low exhalation, Sherlock dips exploring fingers along the waistband of John’s pyjamas. Promising.
“Okay, well, if you’re sure. I have an idea of where we should go, then. Come on.”
And suddenly Molly’s in his arms, her thin arms wrapped tight around his neck, and she’s kissing the side of his face, and tears are pricking at his eyes as he puts his nose into her hair.
"I was."
Sherlock’s ever felt before. The pleasure of it courses through him so fast his head goes light. He can actually
The table is set with a candle in a chianti bottle, and John knows Sherlock did it on purpose, recalling that night at Angelo's a millennia ago. The start of them. The sentiment of that is a tremendous comfort. It's another reminder, of their immediate connection, of that bond that's been strained and twisted and frayed over the years, but never broken..
"Christ." The head of his cock pushes through the button up of his boxers and rubs wet against Sherlock's stomach and fuck, he really needs to get a condom on, but this feels good, so good his thighs are already shaking, arousal burning through his veins and hot in his belly, between his legs.
“What if I fall asleep in the water? I could drown.” He shifts his hips, just enough to make his stomach muscles roll a little. His cock bounces against his thigh and Sherlock sucks his lower lip into his mouth, rolling his eyes heavenward in a clear
“I’d noticed.” John settles back against the stiff cushioning, the sig nestled familiar against his spine. “Ah, that does feel better. And safer.”
“I love you too, John.” Sherlock wriggled backward, made himself as small as possible, and tucked his feet in between John’s ankles.
I'm not giving nothing away, sorry guys. You're just going to have to read it.
Beyond words, Sherlock can't respond. He whines something incoherent, his head lolling insensibly against the mattress.
“You can, and you will. You’ll stop because I’m telling you to.” John hardens his voice just that much, enough to make Sherlock understand they are not on equal footing at the moment.
Lester cleared his throat, and crossed the room to open the window. A rush of frigid air blew in, snowflakes dancing in the wind and settling on the bedsheets. Lester settled back next to the bed and cleared his throat.
“Yeah. Yeah, s’good, love,” John breathes back, hardly audible, his open mouth resting against Sherlock’s, not even really kissing anymore. His fingers are still at the rim of Sherlock’s hole, just barely in. He applies a little pressure, questioning. “You’re so -
“It’s fine. You said you were going to fuck me," Sherlock murmurs, low against John's ear.
"Are you or are you not in possession of a phone, Sherlock?" John says calmly, watching with amusement as those silvery green eyes snap round and fix on his own deep blue ones. "No need to shout."
is actually entirely inadequate. I've died twice and come back. Who do you think I was coming back for?"
Molly, Mike, and Rose head back to the Hufflepuff dormitory, and Sherlock turns back to John.
sofa - in your pyjamas and your dressing gown and I know you never wear pants under your pyjamas and I just kept thinking about what you would do if I came home and just kissed you and told you what an awful shit you'd been and just held you down and kissed you, just kissed you all over and shut you up a bit - "
"You wanted me to come home and touch you like this. Right on the sofa, yeah?" John curls his fingers, kneads gently, Sherlock's bollocks heavy and full in his palm, the heat between his legs making John's mind go slightly foggy.
John yawns and stretches, pushing his feet against the end of the sofa, wiggling his shoulders down into the cushion, rubbing at his eyes. He feels unaccountably good, headache all but gone, his entire body pleasantly heavy, comfortable. Sherlock appears in the kitchen doorway, a dish towel in his hands, his shirtsleeves rolled up to his elbows.
“Yes, John.” Sherlock’s eyes are still roiling with something John can’t quite decipher.
“Yes,
“Oh, oh, oh my god, John,” Sherlock gasps, his back beginning to bow, hips stuttering upward as he chases his climax.
“Let’s get going, then.”
“No. No. It’s alright. I can’t expect you to be positive all the time, too. One of us has to be the cynical disbelieving git. Keeps us grounded.” John smiles, and it reaches up into his eyes, creasing across his forehead. “Just. Promise me that we’re really in this together. Whatever happens.”
"Morning." His voice is hard, vibrating with barely concealed anger. Those beautiful blue eyes are storm swept grey, seething and dark.
to be here. He crooks a pleased smile.
Sherlock loves John on rainy days. A kind of alien quiet comes over him; not his normal barely contained anger, no, not that. Actual calm. Peace. It makes both of them slow down, when John does, works a spell over Baker Street. Companionable silence, John reading and doing odd chores around the flat, Sherlock nominally working, but mostly watching John with shining eyes.
“In your mouth? You like that?” Sherlock’s shoulders are heaving, curled forward as he shivers, face red and tiny perfect beads of sweat at his temples and above his lip.
He collapses trembling, gulping air, against John’s back, and John shimmies under him, tickles at his thigh with his fingers.
“Missed me.” John smoothes Sherlock’s mussed fringe away from his forehead as he nods in agreement, and kisses Sherlock once more on the mouth, “It’s nice to be missed. I missed you too, so much. We just needed to touch each other for a bit, I think, before we could talk. Feel better?”
Sherlock’s snoring delicately, on his back with one pale forearm thrown over the riot of peppery curls spread on the pillow. John lays on his side to watch him, the shallow rise and fall of his bare chest, a smattering of greying hair spread across his sternum and trailing between prominent ribs. He crawls his fingers across the sheets, brushes the tips gently over the knot of shiny scar tissue just under Sherlock’s right nipple. Twenty five years, and still it aches. Still it’s difficult to forgive himself for what had happened in the months after Sherlock had come back to him. John had failed him, in so many ways, and promised them both that he never would again. The thought that he had almost lost Sherlock
“No doubt.”
"So convenient to have the British Government for a brother in law."
Sherlock eventually drifted off with a smile on his lips, and missed the silent figure who came to stand in the doorway in the early hours of the morning. Malvo wasn’t there for John, but he was a compiler of information. He liked knowing people’s weaknesses. John’s weakness was very evidently this lanky alien looking man squeezed beside him in the hospital bed. That could be very useful information, should he ever need leverage.
He wiggles his eyebrows and chuckles. “Don’t worry, I won’t stay after. You two can walk back up to the castle
“Apologies for interrupting the proceedings. But it’s rather hot under there.” He grins and kneels up, peeling his nightshirt from his body and tossing it carelessly on the floor.
anywhere, Sherlock. You have to stop waiting for this to end.” John lowers his face to Sherlock’s stomach, his cheek laying in the hollow of his hipbone. “Stop treating me like we don’t belong to each other.”
Scant minutes pass before the room is filled with the sound of Sherlock's quiet snores, and his weight against John's side increases as sleep claims him. John reaches into the bedside drawer, careful not to dislodge Sherlock, and retrieves his book, props his wrist against the rhythmic rise and fall of Sherlock's shoulder, and begins reading.
Sherlock reached out, and John waved at him frantically, tried to say
"Shut the fuck up, the both of you." John's buzz was abruptly dulling into an annoyed headache. Sherlock was off god knows where, without him, while he was tired and sore and trying to have fun, and now his friends were cracking gay jokes. Fucking lovely. He gritted his teeth and turned to Tommy with a tight jaw. “Seriously, that’s not funny, alright?”
“Aw, hang on there. It’s in the upstairs bathroom, I’ll just be a minute.” Lester shuffled out of the kitchen, and John let out a long sigh as soon as he was out of earshot. The man was tedious as hell.
much to not be deliberate, and crawls onto it slowly, nudging Sherlock over onto his back and straddling his legs. He’s not hard anymore, not really, stopping to build the fire has slowed down the heat that was building between them. Sherlock doesn’t care. John’s weight on his thighs is the most perfect thing he’s ever felt.
“Not going to,” John hums, and puts his mouth back against Sherlock’s skin.
have a crush.” Sherlock tries to wrench his arm out of hers, but she tightens her grip and leans her head against his shoulder.
Sherlock smiles sadly, smoothes John's short fringe back from his face, "Yes, I think possibly no two people have ever been as good at not understanding each other as we are."
Rose Weasley brushes past him with a bright grin, her flaming orange curls a frizzy halo around her pale face. “Hiya, Sherlock!”
Pushing, mocking. Sherlock knows exactly how to prod John until he explodes, though he's never done it so explicitly before. He's twisting everything they've agreed on, everything Sherlock's asked for, and making a mockery of it. John's stomach hurts.
It's nearly two in the morning by the time Sherlock steps into the car park next to the council estate. He furrows into the shadows in a dingy corner, and turns on the cheap burner phone. The light from the white screen is startlingly bright in the dark lot. It's like a beacon. Sherlock's head automatically snaps up, observant and watchful, sure that someone sees him. He covers the screen with his hand and scans the perimeter.
, but allows John to witness him like this, boneless and begging, and to see him in the tranquility of afterwards, all soft edges and rosy cheeks.
"I'll be eating wallpaper by then," John grins.
what will happen when we get home."
“Good. I always thought we would be - well, you know - that we would
-- that I be this dominant, that I take control of everything. That I take control of you."
"In your room. Our room."
Sherlock smiles indulgently, touches the side of John's face with two fingers. "My brother. He's putting a tail on Malvo. And we're meeting with him tomorrow morning to discuss it. Malvo, how you got in contact, what happened in Bemidji. By the way, if anyone asks where you've been for last few months, you went to stay with my parents in the countryside. John Watson has never set foot in America. Or so says the FCO."
"No rush. Just didn't want your dinner to get cold." Sherlock sat back as if he didn’t care at all, and feigned a yawn.
There's a flicker of confusion in Sherlock's eyes, but he does as he's bid and lays his arms back down at his sides. John picks up Sherlock's right hand, kisses it softly, kisses over his wrist, to the crease of his elbow, over the swell of his bicep. Sets his chin on Sherlock's shoulder, and murmurs, "You are exquisite. You're even more exquisite when you're desperate for my cock, like you are right now. You're desperate for me to fuck you, aren't you?"
She’d cried and said she’d never rent the flat to anyone else. “You’ll always have a home to come back to, John Watson.”
He smoothes a flat palm against Sherlock’s curved spine, and twists the thumb of his other hand just so. Sherlock's entire body bucks wildly as a sonorous groan reverberates through his chest. John rubs his hand slow up Sherlock's back. “There we go, that’s it, darling. Oh, god, so beautiful. I love to watch you.”
"Because you know I can't bear that."
John takes the invitation, scooting closer and lacing their fingers together. “Listen. I haven’t wanted to make you feel badly while you’ve been recovering, but. I need to.”
"No, no...it's okay. They hit me because I didn't make first team in rugby, or because the dinner burned, because their favourite show wasn't on telly, because it was fucking Tuesday.” He pauses, looks up at Sherlock from under his lashes, “Because I like blokes as much as I like girls." John steals closer, pressing his whole arm to Sherlock's, their trainers lined up next to each other, and suddenly his head is leaning against Sherlock's shoulder. "It doesn't matter anymore. What they think. I'm never going back there."
The dam broke then, John overcome with sobbing, mumbling
The only relationship Sherlock’s ever had is with Jim. That was all sex and submission, mind games and trying to one up each other. Barely a week in with John and he’s completely cocked it up. He has no idea how to
“Just what are you saying, love?”
He lays back beside Sherlock, who rolls instinctively toward him. He tilts his face up and their lips meet in a long lazy drag, a deep slide of lips and tongue, exploring each other’s mouths without urgency. John curls his knuckles against the side of Sherlock’s face, tucks a sweaty curl behind his ear.
, and then pulling out enough to stretch the muscle, preparing me to take his cock.
Lestrade rubs a hand over his face. John sinks into his chair, elbows on his knees with his chin in his hands. No one says anything. Sherlock's holding his breath.
Jim laughs derisively, sticks his tongue crudely in his cheek. "You think a few blow jobs are going to fix this, Sherlock? Huh? You've always thought you were smarter than me, because you went to public school and have a fucking house in the country and I was just some little chav with a big dick and some heroin for cheap, yeah?"
"No?"
“Sherlock, your foot --”
He doesn't have the first clue how to keep John's
Sherlock sighs and rubs one hand down over his face, though looking more annoyed now than hurt. He steeples his hands under his nose and fixes his eyes on John’s, that intense deductive stare that still always makes John quail slightly.
He sinks down, entwining their bodies even further. His knee pushes against the inside of Sherlock’s thigh as he rocks up and his tongue pushes just that much farther into Sherlock’s mouth.
“You probably don’t know him well, he’s in Gryffindor.”
“Oh, it’s just - chemistry, love, two people who fit. You’re my best friend, but that’s not - I’ve had best friends before, but not like this. You can’t explain the chemical processes of love, Sherlock. It just
Rising more gracefully than a gangly almost forty year old had any right to, Sherlock stood and tipped his head down, looking at John’s bare feet on the wood floor. “Yes, John.”
"You don't want to." John's voice goes flat, accusatory and petulant. He sounds like a child having a strop, and he hates himself for it. He yanks his hands out from under Sherlock's.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums, satisfied. “Baby.”
They sit side by side on the sofa, slurping noodles and watching a rerun of Top Gear. It's almost perfect.
The words shimmered through Sherlock’s nervous system as soft and electric as John’s warm lips against his skin. He whimpered out a soft
“John. Together.” Sherlock pressed harder, but not yet breaking the skin.
“I love
It's savage and filthy and wet and when Sherlock wraps a hand around them both, the angle is awkward, nearly on the edge of painful, but it's not about feeling good, not like that. It's need, aching, repressed, searingly desperate possessive need. John wants his come and his saliva and his skin cells all over Sherlock, Sherlock’s all over him - their DNA mingling, becoming each other. He wants Sherlock under his skin and in his bloodstream. It’s hunger like he’s never felt before.
loved, John.”
You turned me on my back, looking down at me with lust-drenched eyes, that crooked smile playing on your kiss swollen lips, and I couldn’t get you close enough. My entire body wanted you, I couldn’t touch you with enough of my skin.
God, this is intoxicating, and they haven't even really started yet. Sherlock entirely compliant, more than he's ever been before, desperate for John's touch, for his approval, his soft words. Because they have boundaries now, and within those boundaries they can truly let go, as they've never done before. John shivers, his jeans increasingly constricting. He breathes slow and deep, Sherlock's eyes on him the entire time.
Sherlock nods, and it's bashful, painfully sweet. Fuck, he's actually blushing.
anymore. Not once, ever again. I know I have…I know it’s not my place or whatever, but. I'll buy you drugs, I'll steal, I'll do anything. I'll fucking panhandle, I'll pickpocket, I don't care -- I'll do whatever it takes. But. Please."
The bed. The singular bed. Their bed.
This was the sort of motel you could ask questions and no one would care what you did with the answers. He threw on his jacket and went to the front desk.
"I still don't understand why my name is first. I barely have anything to do with it."
?” Passing his fingers thoughtfully over the waxed tips of the moustache, John’s eyes narrow, squinting at Sherlock in the low light. A sudden grin spreads across his face, deepening his dimples. “Are you talking in
"I think you did most of the work, but you're welcome."
John laughs low in his throat, a secret laugh only for Sherlock, one that he's never heard outside of them like this, naked and soft and tangled together in an overwarm bed. The sound of it sweet and fluid as melted honey, covering Sherlock's nerve endings, spreading heat over his epidermis. Heady. Thick. Making it hard to think.
"John, you're..." What he wants to say is
John throws the Boots bag on the sofa, spins around and pushes Sherlock up against the just closed door with both hands. "
“We wouldn’t want that, now would we, John?”
He sat on the pavement, head against the door. He couldn’t remove it. He had to leave it there, so whoever it was wouldn’t suspect that he knew. God, what had he gotten himself into?
this, Sherlock! You wanted me to be your dom, you told me you needed this!"
, it’s dangerous. It should be classified as a goddamned deadly weapon.”
"Indulge me, I'm injured." John cocks a devastatingly flirtatious crooked smile at Sherlock, and slides the vee of his index and middle fingers along the top of Sherlock's cock.
“Yeah. Who’re you anyway? Minion?” John dragged on his cigarette, sipped ice cold coffee. Christ, it was only thirty minutes old. The Buick didn’t have the best heat, however, and it was nearly 10 below zero today. It was cold as a witch’s tit here all the time.
John smiles, turns his face into the coolness of his pillow. That first day was beginning of the rest of his life, and inexplicably, he had
“God, you’re so good. Oh fuck, fuck, you’re so - “ John’s hips were moving on their own, rolling against the mattress, pressing up into wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth. “Harder, harder, please. God, your
John’s puttering in the kitchen now, cupboards being rattled, bowls set on the counter. John’s set Sherlock’s chemistry things on the floor by the door to the hallway, his usual spot for them when he’s doing anything food related and needs space. Sherlock folds the laptop closed and unfolds himself from the chair. He hasn’t moved in hours. Stands up and stretches, the muscles in his back protesting rather stringently. He shakes out the stiffness -
When John woke, Sherlock wasn't in bed. The surge of anxiety that swept through him was cut short by hearing the quiet hum of Sherlock's voice in the sitting room. He breathed evenly through his mouth and flopped back on his back, stretching stiff calves and an achy back.
“Well, get out of that beautiful brain of yours and come ‘ere.” John patted his hands on his bare lap and then held his arms out to me.
The first smack echos startlingly loudly in the room, followed quickly by Sherlock's surprised whimper. His arms, weak from being bent behind him, shift slowly up the bed, fingers scrabbling at the headboard as John lands the second smack against Sherlock's left shoulder blade. Sherlock's a mess of groaning and crying already, tears leaking down over the bridge of his nose. His eyes are shut, and John doesn't remind him to open them.
,” Sherlock mumbles around the filter between his lips, taking a long, deep drag. “I’ve got enough in my trunk to last until Christmas holidays.”
Mycroft hadn’t been in touch since the texts had begun.
John was halfway out of the car before Sherlock had even pulled the brake. He stood by the open door and stretched skyward, back bending, silhouetted against a huge orange moon. He rolled his shoulders and jumped up and down a few times, then strode purposefully toward the cottage. Sherlock hesitated, unsure of whether to grab the bags first or not, but then decided just to follow John into the house.
Now this one with his strident Midwestern accent was the worst yet. He looked right enough, but the minute he spoke...John couldn’t bear him one more second.
"Can I try? To explain what I think it is?"
“I look like shit, Mycroft, I know.” John stands up to shake his hand, and smiles the tiniest bit.
“I know, baby,” John drops his voice down an octave, indulgent and placating. “You’ve just - never made lasagna before.”
Sherlock slinks past him and lowers himself to the bed on his back. John turns, puts a knee into the mattress, and climbs over Sherlock, straddling his hips. He looks angry and desperate, his hands are trembling as he runs them all over Sherlock’s chest and stomach. The sight of him is enough to make Sherlock’s throat hurt.
He shuts his eyes, burning with exhaustion, and tries to make some sense of the thoughts in his mind. John is the one constant, for five years, the only person who matters, who’s ever mattered. Focus on John, and everything else will fall into place.
“What the hell for? Thinking is sort of your definitive characteristic.” John climbs over Sherlock’s legs and settles back down under the blankets. He smiles slow and darts his tongue out to wet his lower lip. “We have some time, you know.”
"Yeah, go ahead. I have...in the waist of my shorts, there's a little pocket..." John's breathless, chest still heaving from coming.
Mycroft’s letter had come when Sherlock was just four years old. Their Muggle parents at first thought it was an elaborate prank arranged by the children who teased him so mercilessly at school. But when the letters went unanswered, Headmistress McGonagall showed up at their doorstep herself, explaining to the stunned Holmeses that Hogwarts was in fact a very real - and well-respected - school, and that both their boys were wizards. Sherlock had sat perched on his father’s knees, serenity and pride washing over him as he understood at last that all the strange things he and Mycroft could do together, all the powers Sherlock had never quite had control over, had a
a calendar on the wall, pinned in the space between the windows, above a paper cluttered roll-top writing desk.
“And after? Mycroft’s visit? The submarine plans he showed us? Poor Arthur West?”
Sherlock swallows hard, drags on his cigarette and wipes his eyes.
John chokes back the desperate noises that are trying to make their way out of his throat, the tears that are threatening in his eyes. "Sherlock."
“You better be. If you’re a dream, I’m going to be fucking furious.”
Sherlock wakes up more slowly than he usually does, his eyes gritty from lack of sleep, his muscles aching. John’s wrapped round him like an eel, his feet slotted between Sherlock’s legs, his nose pressed against Sherlock’s spine. Sherlock wriggles back into the curve of John’s body, the comforting warmth of him, feels John’s hipbones sharp against his arse. He’s too thin.
Memories stir within Sherlock - memories of John watching him, with an amused half smile on his lips, the way his cheeks reddened and his lashes lowered when Sherlock caught him out; John standing proud and solid beside him at a crime scene, telling everyone to shove off so Sherlock can think, John with his head propped against his fist, researching at 2am, his red-rimmed sleepy eyes fixed on Sherlock. John
“I know that. I just...you know...sometimes it’s nice to talk to people. Even if they’re not your friends.”
He’s like a big lazy dog sometimes, Sherlock thought fondly, glancing over to see John rubbing at his eyes and finally sitting up with a bit of a start.
That was before John.
Sherlock bent his back, wanting more of those bristly warm kisses. He rather liked himself over John's lap this way, too. He shifted slightly, laid his cheek against his forearms over the arm of the sofa and stretched his legs out so his feet hooked over the other arm. John pushed his shirt up further and kissed gently between his shoulder blades. Sherlock's spine buzzed with electricity.
She opens her mouth. Shuts it again. Considers him for a moment, and crosses her arms over her chest. “I don’t know. That’s a good question. I guess I’ll ask him when he wakes up. I’m staying.”
Sherlock jerks his head in an approximation of a nod and holds out his hand, palm up. "Keys."
The boot popped open and he threw his bags in. He slid across the torn vinyl seat as his mobile pinged.
“It’s okay.”
Then there are soft lips on his neck, and John's fingers stroking methodically through his hair. "Hey. I've got you. I've got you. It's okay, Sherlock."
Finally the first loaf is done, and John makes Sherlock wait 10 minutes to let it cool, even though it smells so delicious and looks so beautiful and crusty and incredible and he can't believe that John
“No, no, that’s not what I meant,” Sherlock says, alarmed, and pushes up off John’s chest to look at him. “I just - I didn’t know
He didn’t know what his contact looked like. No bother. The contact should know what he looked like.
John groans so low in his belly that Sherlock can feel the tremors inside, and his hands move up, scrabbling at Sherlock’s shoulders for something to hold on to. “Oh god, fuck that feels so good, you feel so good inside me.”
John laughed loudly, throwing his head back and guffawing in that way that still made Sherlock’s stomach do flips. Sherlock had a sudden overpowering urge to pick him up in both arms and kiss him breathless.
Mrs Hudson rattled out of the kitchen while John was still staring at the text with a crooked grin. She laid a hand on his shoulder and squeezed. "Sherlock going with you?"
“Oh, stop taking the piss.”
“Yes, you
“Alright.” He didn’t know what else to say. He was so inadequate to this task. John was the comforter, the quiet voice in the night, the steady hand in frightening places.
John knows Sherlock doesn’t really expect an answer. But he stops anyway, turns fully to Sherlock and wraps both arms around his waist. Sherlock looks down at him with an amused smile, and folds his arms tight against John’s chest.
He pulled the blade in a short line, but deeper than the first cut, and the blood swelled up more quickly. He tossed the blade aside and lowered his mouth to the blooming pool of blood in the crease of Sherlock's elbow. Licking over the wound with gentle flickers at first, he experimentally dipped the top of his tongue into the opening and was rewarded with a bone deep groan from Sherlock that reverberated through his own arm.
“Of course I did,” Sherlock yawns, his ears popping. “What’s so important that you needed to drag me out of bed in the middle of the night?”
how much Sherlock loves him, he does.
like you to take me to bed now.” Sherlock twists the back of John’s shirt in his fist and pulls him back on top of him. “Please.”
"Very, very much." Sherlock scratched his nails lightly over John's neck and collarbone, pulling the neck of his tee shirt away. He pressed his mouth against that perfect hollow of bone and pulled at the soft skin there with his teeth. John whined softly and twined his fingers up into the back of Sherlock's hair. "For me, John? Please?"
Confusing emotions tumbled through Sherlock at John’s sad eyes and smiling mouth, all mixed up with his pride at having gotten them in the house. He wanted so many things at once, he could barely remember to make his feet move to follow Ginger up the winding drive and into the house.
“Oh, Jesus, John,” Sherlock’s eye fly open to look down at John’s bobbing blonde head, at his own fingers twisted in John’s hair, at John’s cerulean bright eyes staring up at him as he licks gentle and slow at the tip of Sherlock’s rapidly hardening prick.
“You sure?”
for at least a week. We've already violated that rule as much as I'm comfortable with."
“That’s not easy for me, John. To trust people.”
John doesn’t stop, instead he grows more bold. A cool hand snakes under Sherlock’s still sweat damp tee shirt, palm flat against his belly and grinds his pelvis slowly against the back of Sherlock’s thigh. He’s hard, oh god, he’s so hard and hot and beautiful, and now his lips are ghosting along Sherlock’s hairline and he can’t stop the shudder that shakes through him. He drops the key on the floor.
your sleep again? You know I find that remarkably attractive, and yet I’ve no idea why…”
But as they’re leaving the Great Hall after dinner, John brushes past him with a wink and flashes that dazzling smile. “Hiya, Sherlock.”
“Damn, another missed opportunity to showcase my lock-picking prowess.”
“No place I’d rather be.” John bends back down, licks at the fluid on Sherlock’s hipbone, and then sucks a mark there, making Sherlock’s hips shift restlessly.
and parade him in front of me, let him talk to me like that, and I would just
He bypassed the other two and opened that one.
“Yeah, together.”
"John." Sherlock was gently reproachful. "John, there's nothing to be sorry for."
John wants to hit him. Wants to smack that sneer off his lovely face, make Sherlock feel the sting of his wedding band against his cheekbone. He digs his fingernails into the heels of his hands instead, clamps down hard on the tip of his tongue with his teeth. "I would step back if I were you, Sherlock."
“Oh, baby, yes, I want to touch you,” John slips his hand from Sherlock’s waist down over his belly, and takes him in hand. Sherlock bucks and whines, the sound of his pleasure spurring John to finally quicken the pumping of his hips.
He walks away from the edge of the park, breathing hard, and shakes a cigarette out of the crushed pack. It's broken near the filter. He squeezes it together between his thumb and index finger, lights it and takes a long drag. Not as strong as it would be without the break, but good enough.
“Are you,” Watson ventures finally, a hint of uncertainty in his voice, “not amenable to my policy? I will not be persuaded to change my mind, I am afraid, but if for some reason limiting our—our—intimacy to a single night is disagreeable to you, we can certainly abstain altogether. I will not hold it against you. I swear it.”
Holmes strides to the window and looks out over the rainy rooftops. A gust of wind sends spatters of water colliding against the glass. “I am…” he says, with a dim yet growing sense of irritation, though not at Watson, “somewhat…protected.”
“Of course,” says Watson mildly. “The rest of us, however, do not have your…” Holmes winces internally, but Watson merely says, “skill.”
almost didn't manage to get this done today! but I persevered! probably no updates over the weekend since I try not to work on school stuff on weekends and no work on my diss chapter = no work on this fic. that's my rule!
“We,” he says, “are going to have a good long talk later.”
“As always.”
John Watson is a man who wants to be mastered. He is quite good and very brave and excellent to have at one’s back in a spot of danger, but he is neither a leader nor a maverick and he requires a certain impetus to stumble forward into an honest existence, into the wide open world that lies beneath and in back of our own.
deviants—not, it is implied, like
“Oh, yes?” Holmes asks, sounding, in his attempt to cover his momentary unmooring, more like his pompous older brother than he prefers.
His shoulder is crossed with jagged white-pink lines, not yet fully healed.
He can feel Watson staring at him.
The clock strikes midnight.
Relief flows through Holmes. He knows about Watson’s policy, his resolution to leave his sordid sodomitical history behind when he returned to civilian life. But, no, he thinks, unease immediately reappearing—Watson just said he’d go to bed with him. This is something else.
Holmes curses the necessity of answering. It is not a subject on which he generally cares to speak. “My brother,” he says shortly, “is a rather influential figure in the British government.
“I was not guessing at your predilections last night, Watson,” Holmes says, a bit waspishly.
“Ah, thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” he says, sliding into his seat as the landlady bustles in with a pot of tea. He picks up the
A cluster of soap bubbles bumps up against the corner of the tub, then pops.
He will most
“Yes,” says Holmes. “But it is not a question of whether I would succeed were I to, let us say, have my way with you tonight. It is a question of whether I am prepared to claim my one orgasm from you now, or if I should prefer to wait until I have had time to consider all the permutations and possibilities. It is, as you will agree, an opportunity not to be wasted.”
“You have put on perhaps a stone and a half since arriving back in London,” he says instead. He nods at Watson’s exposed side, just above his hipbone, where his skin bears faint stretch marks. “You were undernourished in Afghanistan. Partly the fault of the British Army’s inadequate rations, but not primarily. You had trouble eating there.”
“If one orgasm is all I am allowed to…extract from you,” he muses, voice low, “then I wish to, as you say,
And when I was inside him and on top of him and all around him I would ask him who he belonged to and he would finally, in a voice broken and spent and free of shame and artifice, tell the truth.
“If I wanted to spend myself all over your back,” I would say calmly, “would you allow it?”
Watson swallows, throat bobbing. “I—
He had been wrong about dispelling the eroticism. Watson reaches below the water and puts his hand on his cock.
“No?” Holmes all but purrs, hand sliding just a little lower. “I have told you, Watson,
day 2 of writing my dissertation chapter = day 2 of edging fic. hooray!
Holmes shuts the door behind him so as not to let the warmth escape.
Holmes’ lips thin. His pulse is beating oddly in his ears. He wants to get out his violin and scratch out something loud and dissonant; he wants to stride down their seventeen steps and out into the wet. Wants a case to solve, something nasty and tricky, something no one else could conquer.
He turns slowly back towards the doctor. Watson says, “Well.”
But his knock takes Watson by surprise. Holmes can tell by the noise: hands gripping at the side of the tub as Watson sits up, water dripping from his sandy hair.
“And if I wanted to take my riding crop to your tender, naked skin,” I would say viciously, slapping him harder this time, “for allowing the world to believe you are possessed by some soft, tissue-paper wife instead of on your knees every night pleading for me to fuck you, how would that sound, Watson?”
Holmes looks at him. Watson, after a moment, leans in and kisses Holmes at the juncture of his neck and jaw: a warm, hot-breathed kiss, the touch of a tongue, the scrape of a tooth. Smooth skin where Watson has just shaved, and rough where Holmes has not.
A rustle of fabric, and Watson is in front of him. “But,” he says, reaching out for Holmes’ collar, “I did say, you know.”
“Into the bedroom, Watson,” I say, or, “Remove all your clothes, this instant,” or simply, “On your knees.” If he were here now—or if I were home, in our shared quarters at 221B Baker Street rather than in disguise on the continent seeking out every last one of Professor Moriarty’s associates so I may safely return home to my lover—I would not be so gentle: for he has just informed the world that his wife is a lighthouse for people in need and I have never been steady enough to steer ships away from the rocks, only to clean them up after they have been dashed to pieces. I want him to remember that he is a liar, that however solid his reasons he lies with every word in every tale and I am Sherlock Holmes and my business is truth.
Watson looks slightly embarrassed, then smiles. “No,” he says, “no, while I am sure I am utterly transparent to you in this as in all things, that is not what I meant. You have no…rules, for yourself? No policies in this matter?”
“And of course,” he says brusquely, “I am quite capable of ensuring that I am never suspected of anything, much less caught.”
“Yes.”
I GOT THROUGH MY REREAD OF BYW and took all the notes and I needed to get a littttttle drunk to get through John’s conversation with his therapist but I did it so here’s today’s installment! I considered a Turkish bath scene, but that’s going to result in me going down a research rabbit hole that will likely require me to log into my campus VPN and I don’t have time right now so that’s got to wait for another night!
“If I wanted to slip my fingers inside you and move them ever so slowly, until you were begging for more, and I did not give you more, and I forbid you to touch yourself, and I kept at it until you did not know your own name, would you let me?”
“One orgasm,” Holmes says. He doesn’t move, just keeps staring at Watson. It’s making the man nervous.
“As always.”
The water is quite clear, if somewhat dingy by now. Holmes can see the hair furring Watson’s chest, dark and thick; the planes of Watson’s collarbones; the pouch of his stomach; the muscles of his arms and his pale legs. His cock, nestled within more dark hair. His steady gaze.
Holmes gives a short, businesslike nod, then turns away.
Watson swallows, relaxing his posture somewhat as he peels himself off the wall and stands up under his own weight. He adjusts his collar, straightens his trousers. Holmes looks pointedly at his crotch, where his prick has gone soft. Watson colors. “Considering…?”
“Mm,” Holmes says.
He picks up the soap again and rubs it over his legs, up each thigh and over each exposed knee and down again below the water, scrubbing gently at his calves. He finally breaks his gaze while soaping up his face, shutting his eyes and then shifting his body down and forward until his head goes underwater. He comes up, skin pink and hair dripping. He turns and looks at Holmes again, water rolling in rivulets down his thick neck, his muscled shoulders.
Holmes does not wish to imagine the bullet piercing Watson’s flesh, though he has indeed catalogued the precise path it must have taken to make those particular markings, storing the information automatically in his vast mental cabinet of the endless ways bodily injuries destroy and distort the human frame. He is not heartless; he does not wish to picture Watson in pain.
“What if I told you I could ensure that you won those games?”
and opens it up with a snap, scanning the headlines, not bothering to meet Watson’s gaze. “Good morning, Watson.”
Two months, six days. Holmes gets him up against a wall, just before midnight, after an evening of whiskey and cigars and performative recollections of Holmes’ most impressive cases. Watson, it has transpired, is wildly susceptible to Holmes’ genius. And Holmes isn’t one to practice false modesty in general, let alone when he has an impressionable, extremely attractive man hanging on his every word.
My friends, you know the rule is that I am only allowed to work on this fic if I have put in some time on my dissertation that day. I have been strenuously avoiding my dissertation; hence the pause in updates. It was only the desire to write more of this story that made me open the diss today and type up some thoughts. So, many thanks for reading. I’m not sure I can do this without you.
Holmes nearly blinks at the question, but he keeps his expression neutral. “You wish to know?”
Blinking and trying to orient himself, John squints at the bedside clock. 4:14am. He must have dropped off around 6:00pm, about two hours after Sherlock. Christ, ten hours of sleep.
“I’ve got you,” John breathes out into Sherlock’s hair, so comforting and tender that it aches.That whispered endearment, the unaffected fondness in those words, is what pushes Sherlock over the edge. Pleasure washes over him, hot and cold and shivering, and he comes with a sob, face buried in John’s neck, as his hips continue to pump gently against the soft swell of John’s arse.
Sherlock stares him down, unwilling to look away.
Sherlock closed his eyes, leaned his head back against the rattling metal of the baggage car he was riding in. He was so far away from John. He couldn’t sense him anymore. At home, he could feel him, even across the city. Feel his solid presence, hear his exasperated sigh behind a text, feel his eyes searing into him from ten miles away. Even clear across London, from Croyden to Enfield...he knew John was there, his soul was omnipresent, always inside Sherlock, reminding him of his own conscience. Now? Nothing.
. You never
John thrusts forward and stills, breathing raggedly through his mouth. He jerks forward once more and then there’s a rush of wet heat inside Sherlock that makes him clench his legs around John impossibly tightly. He’s filled up with John, John everywhere, in his pores and his cells and his bloodstream, and he can’t do anything but cling to him and shake as John collapses across his chest with a harsh moan.
He hitched his hips into John's thigh, rubbed in a little circle. "John..."
Sherlock flops down hard in the rickety wooden chair across from John and it rocks, Sherlock's leg flying up instinctively to balance him. He almost falls flat on his back on the sidewalk. But John's laughing and Sherlock's laughing, and that familiar frisson of electricity passes between them as they grin at each other. John shivers. Luckily he can just say he's cold if Sherlock asks. He clears his throat as the laughter fades. Now, they watch each other, taking the other in, gauging his mood. They feel their way around each other like this, always; carefully, gently.
Sherlock’s back on him before he can move, biting at his earlobe, panting against his throat. John skids his hands down Sherlock’s stomach, muscles heaving under his palms as he pushes Sherlock gently.
“Complete idiots. Why didn’t you
“Should have known I couldn’t keep Sherlock Holmes away from a lovely murder, even when we’re on our first proper holiday as husbands.” John turned and headed toward the house, striding purposefully, hands swinging in loose fists at his sides.
going to fall.”
“I love you,” John cradled the side of Sherlock’s face with his perfect small hand, chapped and rough from the winter weather, from throwing a rugby ball in the cold, from skidding across the rugby pitch on his hands and knees. “Oh, god, I love you,
"Thanks, sweetheart." The first endearment that's slipped from his lips in over a week. The first little joke between them. It feels familiar, and right, and Sherlock's smile doesn't falter. The ball of anxiety that's been a constant in John's stomach all week unravels a bit more.
, and they don’t have one. You tell them nothing, and they’ll find out nothing.” Sherlock attempted to tamp down the panic rising in him at the thought of John incriminating himself. The thought of John alone. Here. In a jail cell. Sherlock struggled to control his breathing, maintain the fortitude that John demanded of him right now.
“Well,” Sherlock’s voice dips an octave lower, warm and sweet as melted chocolate, and he rocks his hips slowly from side to side against the leather cushions. “I believe we are due for some make up sex.”
Sherlock didn’t know what he was supposed to say in this dead air. Anything that didn’t sound like judgement, like a rejection. “Alright.”
“Mrs Hudson’s already brought lunch, and the door is locked.” His mouth slid down the column of my throat as he spoke, his words muffled against my skin. “We could have it off right in our new chair. Proper christening, I should think.”
“What do you do, John? I mean, other than that.” He inclines his head back at the bar as they emerge into the frigid night. John shivers under his arm.
. "Like that?"
He hikes the thin cotton higher, bunching it inelegantly around Sherlock’s chest, and replaces his thumb with his mouth. Sherlock feels it all through him, his blood absolutely
Two hours in, pressed up against a vaguely slimy wall and nursing his third gin and tonic, there's still no sign of the mark. No one at all to divert Sherlock's attention from this beautiful lithe blonde creature weaving his way through the mass of bodies with his shot tray resting against his bare chest. He moves differently from everyone else here. The rest of the crowd moves as one, bodies blending together, all wiggling hips and waving arms, a single indistinguishable hoard.
"John." Sherlock says reproachfully, fighting against every instinct in his body to push his hips up into John's hand. "No, you really shouldn't. Mrs Hudson will be back up here in five minutes, anyway.
“What lamp? Darling, are you certain you’re alright? You seem a bit - out of sorts. Let me ring Mrs Hudson to bring up the tea. I think you need fortifying. It’s been quite a long day.” As John stands up, stretching his arms over his head and rolling his neck, the outline of a bushy moustache that John certainly didn’t have that morning is clearly visible against the flicker of the firelight. A golden watch chain glimmers, dangling from a waistcoat pocket as he bends forward to put his folded newspaper back in his chair.
“No need to apologise.” John stretches back and up, pressing a kiss to the end of Sherlock’s nose. “I wouldn’t have you any other way.”
. John standing in the rain with two suitcases, his eyes guilty but hopeful.
John sat back, the angle immediately deeper, so much more intense. White sparked fuzzy at the edges of Sherlock's vision, his stomach tightened as his back arched, drawn up like a bow string. John rode him faster, his head falling back, Adam's apple prominent in his stretched throat. Sherlock clasped John's hip with his free hand and dug his fingers in, guiding John to ride him harder.
information about
"Mmmm." Sherlock tilts his face up to look at John, rubs his nose into John's chin.
“Oh really?”
“Don’t give me that, Mycroft. I know you can.”
around me, oh god." Sherlock sucks messily at John's earlobe, trailing spit that chills his neck in the moist cool night.
A few weeks previous, John would have been expected to be furious with Sherlock over being late, a transgression not allowed in the dynamic they'd established. Sherlock would have been corrected, most probably with a spanking that left him hard and wanting, crying for John to let him come, and sent to their room with orders not to touch himself. John would have eventually relented, spooning him tightly and wrapping his hand loose around Sherlock’s cock the way he liked it; kissed him afterwards, with whispered apologies that Sherlock would brush off.
Knowing Jim's habit of sleeping until past noon, Sherlock had made sure to leave before sunrise, stepping quietly through a London that belonged only to street kids and city workers; swirling leaves, leftover beer bottles and empty crisp bags, the air not yet rife with soot and exhaust, but the sweet smells of night blooming flowers and fresh fruit stalls. He walked down the embankment, drawn incessantly to the river, until smooth concrete gave way to crooked cobblestones. He looked up, having been lost in thought, to see the uneven outline of the Tower against the blue black sky. He hung a right at Traitor's Gate and then slipped catlike down into the damp darkness of St Mark's.
It had to have been Sherlock. Sherlock was alive.
“Thought about what we’re getting yet?” John was allowing Sherlock to choose what design they were getting, since he honestly didn’t care, and it seemed important to Sherlock.
"I'm crazy about
“More than.” The contact of their skin is pure electricity sparking up Sherlock’s arm. It’s better than heroin. More addictive.
“Alright, then. We’ve got you fed and watered, let’s to bed. You need a good long sleep instead of your typical collapsing at the break of dawn, and I’ll not hear any arguing.”
- the possibility of
he’s still here. Wherever
John opened his mouth several times before he seemed able to find words. His hand in Sherlock’s was limp. “Rachael. I knew her. We - she lived near my aunt. Harry and I, we played with her when we were kids, Sherlock. We
Sex has always been unnerving. To have another person touch him, to breach the facade, to make him moan involuntarily, and whimper and beg, is vaguely frightening. Losing control of his body, of his emotions, is not something Sherlock's been able to do without fear, without regret. Not with John, though. John’s hands work magic, John’s hoarsely whispered endearments bring forth emotions in Sherlock he hadn’t even known he had, and it's comforting, enjoyable, welcome. It's right. John touching him somehow makes Sherlock more himself.
It should be unnerving somehow- John thinks - having those intense eyes taking in every inch of him. Instead it feels like all the parts of him that were wrong are splintering off and falling away, like dead bark off a tree.  Everything that was dirty, sick, and wounded, peeled off by what John sees in those one of a kind eyes. Making a space for something new and alive to grow.
"No." But he does, oh god. He needs it so badly. He sucks hard on the cigarette, blows it out of his nostrils and refuses to look away.
focals, I’d say.” Sherlock rumbles against John’s ear.
Sherlock leans over his shoulder. “Watson? That’s your last name?”
"There we are." He murmurs in a hush. "Let's just stay like this for a while."
Sherlock's hand is immediately over his mouth. "I thought I told you not to make a sound. Or should I stop?" John shakes his head, fighting the urge to rip Sherlock's hand away from his face. He could easily get out of this if he wanted to. He
Sherlock straightens up, the tip of his nose pink from dragging along John’s stubble. His mouth is wet, lips shining with saliva, and John’s heart gives an unsteady one-two beat against his ribs.
“Something like that.” Sherlock’s grin fades as she lurches an old green pushbutton phone up on the counter and turns back to her computer. He pulls a wrinkled slip of paper from his pocket and dials. “Mrs Hudson? Hi. How are you? Um. this is Sherlock, the boy from the -- yes, he’s alright. Well. I was just thinking about what you had said, and, um…would that flat, perchance, still be available?”
"Well, you always did disappoint me, if you want to know the truth. Never living up to the potential of that massive brain of yours. Content to be my little fucktoy and stick mummy's money right into your arm. A waste, really."
"No one else. I was - the work came first. I didn't want distractions." A twist of curl is caught in Sherlock's eyebrow, which is both endearing and bizarrely sexy.
Though his heart gives a leap at John leaving open the possibility of “round two,” Sherlock ignores that for the moment, in favour of more practical questions. “I was actually thinking we need to get cleaned up. Because I don’t know about you, but…”
Sherlock used to tease him about it. Nothing unkind, just needled him for being able to carry a gun, perform surgery on a broken heart valve, and not know the gas pedal from the brake. Sherlock didn’t drive much himself, but he did it well, just like everything. “John it’s easy. It’s just mechanics. You’re a doctor, for god’s sake. If you can maneuver the mechanics of the human body, a car would be nothing to you.”
Sherlock bites down on John’s lower lip, hard.
“The belt...in your bag. It’ll...slow down the blood loss…” John’s lips are going blue.
They fell asleep with their foreheads pressed together, sharing the same pillow.
"Still alive then?" John crosses his arms over his chest, Sherlock's note crumpled in his left hand.
Sherlock’s thumb rubs a circle against John’s wrist. “So. Ready for that walk?”
The Buick was fast. John nearly drove it straight across the median strip pulling it out of the lot, as quickly as it responded when he depressed the gas pedal. Driving didn’t come naturally to him. He had to concentrate.
Jim is calmly sipping his wine when Sherlock reenters the sitting room. His eyes drift to Sherlock's and lock into them. "Making phone calls in the loo?"
“Well, hello. Is this your idea of fashionably late?” John set his half drunk beer on the coffee table and cocked an eyebrow at Sherlock.
“Shit, yes, let’s - “ Sherlock pulls at John’s bottom lip like he can’t bear to stop kissing long enough to climb the stairs, and then rocks his forehead against John’s like they had in the train car. “I want you so badly. I can’t think.”
“I won’t. I’m fine.” John abruptly shut his mouth against the rising wave of nausea, and curled up on his side with his face against the back of the seat. He couldn’t sit up. “Just. Drive.”
"What an eager little lass." John hummed against his chest as he took Sherlock's left nipple into his mouth and sucked. Sherlock cried out, pulses of pleasure tearing down his spine, his hips aching to roll, to grind against John's. John held him down, lapped at the hard flesh in his mouth, scraped his teeth against it not quite hard enough to hurt. His fingers slipped over the edge of Sherlock's pyjama bottoms, brushing teasingly through soft black curls and down over his bollocks before circling back up and closing around his leaking prick. Sherlock thrashed and whined as John thumbed at the slit and sucked kisses across Sherlock's chest, "Oh, Christ, so wet for me already. So wet and ready."
"I said." Sherlock pulls back, nudging his nose against John's, "I said, I want you. I want you, too. I want all those things, too, John. I do. I always have."
"I'll have to - " Sherlock says apologetically, taking his hand from between John's legs.
“I’m sorry.” And he is, he actually is. He’s rarely actually sorry, for anything. But he’s made John uncomfortable, and the apology can’t leave his mouth fast enough.
to myself. Fantastic. I need a beer.
“What?” Sherlock isn’t used to people smiling this much. It’s disconcerting.
Sherlock pulls back enough that they can see each other’s faces, his own quizzical. “Alright.”
Unable to fight sleep any longer, and soothed by John’s strong arms around him, he allows himself to sink, his dreams a confused jumble of the sitting room at home and Jim’s flat and 221b, everything that’s familiar and comforting somehow ominous in his fear darkened mind - his mother offering John and Sherlock a plate of scones and jam while a thunderstorm roils and lashes against the windows - Sherlock crawling into bed with John only to have him roll over and smile at him with Jim’s sharp white teeth - Mycroft doing lines sitting cross legged on Jim’s floor.
“Hi.” His voice was hoarse. He struggled up on one elbow and grabbed the glass of water he’d set on the bedside table hours ago, sloshing some on the floor as he gulped it. “How long have I been out?”
“Oh.” John watches as a hard shudder passes through Sherlock, making his stomach muscles ripple. “Okay.”
of each other, and that’s what makes life fucking
"And see a specialist. In PTSD." It feels like a confession.
to you?" Sherlock breathes out, swallows again against John's fingers.
“Yes. Right.”
"A rare moment of doubt, Mr Optimist?" Sherlock's on his knees, digging the telly out of the closet. He hasn't ever been the biggest fan of television, but John's going to be housebound for at least a few more days, until his staples come out.
John smiled blearily, eyes still closed, and tightened his arm around Sherlock, drawing him close. “Mmm. Maybe just...for a bit. ‘M so sleepy…”
John laughs, and it feel so good to laugh, because Christ the last half hour has been intense, and he kisses the side of Sherlock’s neck, and says, “Why would you think I do?”
you are?”
She hugged him back and then swatted at his arm with a tea towel. "Enough of that. Now go get dressed while I'm getting the pie out. You can't go out of the house in your pyjamas and slippers."
“Uh huh. That essay must be pretty cute, because you looked like you were think about something
“Well. You are.” Sherlock sounds incredulous. His fingers slow their steady pace and he says much more quietly, slow and cautious, “You are
John nods at Greg as he threads his fingers through Sherlock’s. “Ta, Greg.”
"Christ." John whispered harshly.
Sherlock can't stand the rising tide of affection in his chest. His heart has already staked a claim on this beautiful being - he can't fight it, can't ignore it. It's painful, how much he wants from John, and how much he wants to give in return. Thirty minutes will never be enough. A lifetime won’t be enough.
John's weight shifts as he suddenly leans over and sets the tray on the floor. "I love this song. Won't bother you if I turn it up?"
The sun was fully up and flooding the bed with light by the time Sherlock opened his eyes. He was curled tightly into himself, knees at his chest, his thick dressing gown not an effective enough barrier against the cold of the drafty flat. His feet were freezing. He looked over at John, who must have gotten up in the night and tucked himself under the blankets. Sherlock rolled off the bed, lifted up the blankets on his side, and crawled under. The familiar heat of John’s sleeping body radiated against him, and he moved closer, pressing his cold nose between John’s shoulder blades.
"Well, you're not the most observant of people." Sherlock smiles, a real smile, soft and fond, and John feels something loosen in his chest.
Finally John slides his kiss-stung mouth down Sherlock’s stubbly jaw and nuzzles into the curve of his throat. Sherlock breathes steady, John’s hands flat against his belly, and John wants nothing more than to pull them both into bed and just listen to each other’s hearts beating, count one another’s eyelashes, kiss until their lips are raw.
clothes like this.
, if he’s being honest about it. Sob loudly. A desperate, unbound noise like he’s never heard himself make before. Because he’s vaguely frightened, frankly, and more than a bit lost, but even in the midst of this hallucination? dream? - John’s lips are at his cheek, warm and soft and tender, and Sherlock
that. Perhaps we should schedule another CT.”
A wolfish grin spreads slow across his face at the thought as he shifts and slithers a few feet along the wall. He sips his drink and cranes his neck around the two guys who're snogging practically in his lap, trying to catch another glimpse.
to be looking for his mark, a weasley little East London drug dealer who's wanted in a triple homicide, and also happens to frequent this club. He's
I want to wear them, of course I do.”
“Right. Well, what about you?”
Sherlock had thought he wanted to be, at the time. Jim was the only person who'd ever wanted him, and Sherlock knew now he'd mistaken that possessiveness for love. Jim had
"I'm perfect. Just that - I haven't really - I mean to say - " Sherlock puts his face back against John's wool covered stomach, cheek this time.
“Um, vodka and orange and lime. It’s good, drink it.”
The kiss goes on and on, lasts until their lips are wet and raw, until Sherlock’s dizzy from sitting up on his own this long and absolutely has to lie back against his pillows before he tips right out of the bed. John helps him, standing up and holding his elbow, easing him back. His eyes are sparkling like July sunshine, cheeks flushed, his lips kiss swollen and pink. He’s radiant.
The seventh day, John could get up and walk without too much help. He hobbled to the chairs by the window, thin fingers gripping Sherlock’s wrist. The snow had abated, drifts five feet or so resting against the beige brick. Icicles were melting, carving deep holes in the piled snow below them. Sherlock lowered John carefully into the chair, and turned the metal knob that opened the window.
“I want to go home.” The intent is clear, as he trails his fingers down Sherlock’s long neck, leans forward to rub his lips along the length of his collarbone.
Jim will never leave them alone.
. He presses one last kiss over the uneven crimson blotch he’s left on John’s pale skin, remembering John wants him
John's breath ghosted hot over his ear, his small hands slipping down to knead at Sherlock's waist. He pressed a close mouthed kiss under Sherlock's ear and rubbed his nose at the lobe before pulling back. "Okay, no, you're right, love. Let's get the bags, and I'll find where the logs are stashed. We'll build a fire, have a drink. How does that sound?"
“Okay...a bus is coming. It’s the 68 to Euston. I think they’re getting on.”
Aileen Watson. A relative. John's relative, and therefore Sherlock's relative. He frowned, brow knitting together, and templed his hands under his nose. Had she been at the wedding? No, certainly not. A relative close enough that she knew where they lived and sent John packages, but not close enough that John had ever even mentioned her existence.
“Yeah.” Sherlock brushes his knuckles over John’s cheek without looking.
“I already told you. Take anything you need from me, John.” Sherlock laid his arm flat against John’s leg, the blood now coagulating, the smears on his arm brownish and dry. "I'm yours. I want you to do this to me. I asked you to, remember?"
“We have time.” If he leaves tomorrow, if this is the last night he has with John for who knows how long,
“S’real nice car, mister. Kind of old, yeah, but runs good, not much mileage. Belonged to an old lady.” The salesman was as beige as the car lot he ran. Everything was beige here. The piles of half melted snow slipping lazily off of awnings and down gutters, the cracked sidewalks clotted with detritus, the people. The people were the most beige of all, no life in them at all.
He’d paid her fairly handsomely for her information before. She was inclined to be pleasant.
"Oh, fuck yes." It was out of him before he could stop it, a rough low growl, his nose flaring, breathing hard.
“Why don’t you? I say it all the time -
him, show him that he understands, that he feels the same.
“John?” Sherlock appears in the doorway, his head tilted to the side in concern. “Are you alright? You’ve just been staring at the cupboard for the last seven and half minutes.”
Sherlock wants to watch John while he's still sleeping. He turns, careful not to move the mattress too much or dislodge the blankets. John rolls on his back, scratches clumsily at the side of his face where gingery stubble has cropped up overnight. Sherlock has always thought John was beautiful, in the way mountains are - imposing, solid, immovable, taking up the whole of the horizon with their grandiosity. Now he seems smaller. More real. Flawed and fragile, and somehow all the more beautiful for it.
“John, I’m Molly. Greg told me about you.” Molly holds out her hand and John shakes it, with that firm, sturdy way he has about everything.
“Your brother sure is arbitrary with his
"Tell me - " John whispers, gentle, tucking his nose tight against Sherlock's neck, "Tell me what you wanted that night."
“No, I really don’t.”
“Excuse me? Vanilla?” John sputters, sitting up a bit straighter, resting his elbow on Sherlock’s thigh and leaning forward. “We have done things I never even dreamed of, Sherlock. Bloodplay? Bondage? I mean. Are you serious right now?”
"No."
“You’re right, John. I just…”
“I’m glad you think so.” Sherlock grits through clenched teeth.
Greg nods again and flashes a quick grin at them before jogging the rest of the way down the stairs.
Sherlock smiles up at her, looking into those indigo eyes that are so much like John’s, and it dawns on him that if they never have anything else in common, they both love John ferociously. And that’s enough.
He shows it in everyday ways, too. He shows it in his quiet caretaking, in remembering to stop and eat while they’re on a case because John can’t function when he’s hungry, the way Sherlock manages to keep the flat at least moderately tidy because John likes it neat, how he lets John read the paper first because Sherlock always mixes up all the sections and crinkles the pages.
Sherlock watches her go, his lips tight, jaw clenched. She’s right, of course, of
Except this time, he doesn't.
"No one?"
Nestled with his ear against the steady thump of John’s heartbeat, Sherlock finally feels his eyelids growing heavy and allows to sleep to reclaim him.
He crosses to the bed in two strides, and lowers himself beside Sherlock. “Hey, baby, I’m sorry. I didn’t think you’d wake up before I had breakfast and whatnot. You hungry?”
"Because you knew he wasn't." John jerks his head at Sherlock, not making eye contact.
Jim's enormous eyes somehow get even bigger. He looks like a deranged five year old. "
“Thank you. I suspect it probably tastes better to you than it normally would, in the aftermath of that horrendous hospital food, but -”
John’s answering smile is sad and apologetic. He leans and kisses Harry’s cheek, hard and fast, and her face relaxes. She sets her mug on the grate with a rattle, coffee splashing out and dripping down to the concrete, and throws both arms around him.
John covers them both with the sheets and the bedspread, curls to Sherlock's side with his head on his chest. "This is nice."
Sherlock shakes his head to dispel the absurdity of that unbidden thought. He is well and truly
.” John breathes out slowly, clenching around Sherlock’s fingers as he withdraws them.
Sherlock finds it’s remarkably easy to forget he’s never done this before, as he allows his legs to fall open again, while John reaches over him to dip two fingers in the tin. He bears down this time, wills his body to open to John’s touch. He can feel himself contract and loosen as John presses up inside him again, two fingers first and then again
"Well
He jolts up, which isn’t particularly easy in the huge squashy armchair he’s sitting in. He must have fallen asleep watching the fire. “Um.”
Eventually their laughter fades, and John twists underneath him, works one arm back to brush at Sherlock’s hair. “I hate to - but I really do - “
Sherlock’s fingers tightened around John’s hips, and suddenly he was hauling him backwards onto his folded knees, John’s legs on either side of Sherlock’s, Sherlock’s face nuzzling between his shoulder blades, biting and kissing. John gripped Sherlock’s thighs as he lowered himself down -
, he’s so desperate to be inside, to feel the perfect tightness of John’s body around him, to see John open to him. To watch that beautiful face as John falls apart underneath him.
"John." Sherlock's voice is steady, staying. His hands close over John's. "John."
John John John. Beautiful perfect generous kind John bleeding out on the floor and he’s thinking about getting high.
Sherlock pushed himself back and put three fingers over John’s mouth. John looked at him imploringly, tears still flowing silently down his face. Sherlock breathed in, willing himself to be the strong one for them both. John always was, had always been. The soldier, the stalwart presence with a cuppa in one hand and a Sig in the other. It was dawning on Sherlock now that John was truly unstable, swinging wildly between desperation and joy, anger and sadness. John need him to be the dependable one. A role he was sorely unaccustomed to filling.
“You’re hard again,” Sherlock murmurs wonderingly against John’s kiss bruised lips.
"I agree." John's breath is coming in hard little gasps. He breathes out through his nose, trying to calm down.
“Oh. Um. My Potions essay.” Sherlock knows she won’t believe him, but it’s the first thing that comes to his mind.
he's so hard and hot, straining against his jeans. He jerks and gasps when Sherlock touches him.
"Oh Jesus, Jesus Christ, fuck, oh god, Sherlock," John bites out, and goes rigid, letting his orgasm rip through him hot and cold and shivering, leaving him weak and heavy. He kneels there, quivering between Sherlock's sweaty thighs, until he can move his limbs, which feel molten and shapeless. He goes to pull out and a hard aftershock pulses through him, making him whine and clutch at Sherlock's leg.
Sherlock obliged, sitting up and clasping John's hand in both of his. "John, whatever it is --"
John laughs, because of course Sherlock wouldn’t even understand that he’s his best friend. Only Sherlock would be surprised by that after they’ve had their hands and mouths all over each other, after John’s said he loves him. After John’s said he’s leaving his girlfriend, because he’d leave anyone or anything for Sherlock, he’d give up his life for Sherlock - has agreed to, more than once - and Sherlock still doesn’t know they’re best friends.
“I won’t argue with that.” Sherlock grabs John’s wrist and puts his lips against his pulse, licks a thin stripe up into the middle of his palm. John giggles, and the sound is so goddamned enticing, Sherlock can’t stop himself from sweeping John into his chest and capturing his mouth in a fierce kiss. John hums approvingly and throws his arms around Sherlock’s neck. They stand there on the sidewalk, entwined and kissing, the wind swirling icily around them, until a catcall from across the street interrupts them.
"Alright, John." Sherlock murmurs drowsily, his smile soft and happy.
They lapse into silence, Sherlock’s arm going numb under the weight of John’s back, his neck stiff. Harry throws her legs up on the end of the bed, and hunches down in the chair, murmuring a little
. The Sherlock-ness of that cut through the embarrassment, brought a slow smile to John's reluctant lips. He buried his face against Sherlock's damp neck and tried to breathe. They stepped onto the landing, and Sherlock didn't put John down. He nudged the unlocked door to the flat open with his shoulder and made his way to the sofa before bending down and carefully lowering John into it.
to let John soothe him, to fix whatever is happening. It's so
“I do too. Think about you. That’s what I’m thinking about when I’m. How do you think about me and not -- ?” John’s stumbling up the steps behind Sherlock, whose much longer legs are skipping steps and practically running.
“Yeah, well. I’m not much of a person anymore, and neither are you.” John couldn’t stand him one more second. He had to get up early and drive to fucking Fargo, which was a four hour drive.
"He’s got no reason to. It's all my fault. It truly is
“I wanted you - before, you know - before everything, I wanted you. I thought I couldn’t ever want anyone more than I wanted you back then - god, you fucking tormented me. With those tight shirts and your perfectly tailored trousers. That round little arse just begging to be smacked.” John slaps Sherlock’s hip, and looks at Sherlock like he’s something edible. His eyes are deep indigo blue - waves crashing, summer thunderstorms - beautiful and dangerous. “But
John smiled against Sherlock's mouth, "How do you know what's in those? You read them, don't you?"
"Tired. My stomach aches a little. I'm okay." John turns and looks at Sherlock, a flicker of heat in the backs of his eyes. "Glad to have you next to me somewhere other than in that damned hospital bed."
“For what?”
“Quite.” I managed, though by this point I was desperate to be fucked, and my stomach ached with how much I wanted to come.
I nodded, and immediately John was pressing a fingertip against that most sensitive and private part of my body. Pleasure ribboned through me and my back arched involuntarily, head dropping back between my shoulders. I stared up at the ceiling and panted, going weak-limbed as John’s finger breached me.
, anyway - of the unsaid things are finally said, and the tension that's been building for years finally crests and breaks. It's the day both everything and nothing changes between them. On that day, at 9:06am, John is sitting outside Speedy's having a cup of coffee when Sherlock strides past, not even seeing him there.
- call me names, filthy, debauched names, and spank me until I have welts, and leave me on my knees next to the bed for hours waiting for you, and I want you to - oh fuck, John, Jesus -”
"No, John." Sherlock rasps, licking his lips.
John saunters away, a spring in his step. Sherlock feels like his entire body is smiling. It’s absurd, and he would normally be more suspicious, but he can’t find it in himself to be. John Watson inspires emotions in him that are completely foreign - trust, and confidence, and certainty. Nevermind the sizzling electric physical desire. He can’t imagine being separated from him. Ever.
what to do.
It was a heavy responsibility, Sherlock’s heart and happiness. Whether they were in an official and rule bound dom/sub arrangement or not. Having Sherlock completely submissive to him around the clock - with the exception of The Work, where John would never dream of taking over, and Sherlock would never allow it - was actually rather emotionally exhausting. The last week had been more like the way things were when they first got together, and John had found himself ceding control to Sherlock often. It felt as though a weight he hadn’t even known was there had been lifted and he could relax. He understood why Sherlock enjoyed being submissive. It was peaceful, to allow someone else to take charge. Sherlock had noticed, was more tender with John than he would normally have been; murmured
"I'm hardly middle aged, John, thank you." Sherlock fingers sneak under the hem of John's jumper, gentle and slow, cold enough they make him jump.
Sherlock stares at him. Strong, brave John. John who saved him from a rapist, who wasn’t afraid of Jim, who is sitting there unabashedly watching Sherlock about to shoot heroin into his arm. John, who never flinches. John who shared his sandwich, his money, who laughs crinkley eyed and wondrous. Who could ever want to hurt John?
He’d never see this man again in his life. However long his life was going to be. John didn’t even know his name. He could use his mind the way he used his body, pour himself into him without remorse or pity. Get it all out. Say it. With no repercussions, no pity in the eyes of people who still somehow managed to care about him.
“I just wanted you to hear you. Hear you forgive me, and I thought - if you thought - just for long enough - “ Sherlock drops his eyes to the floor, abashed in the face of John’s fury.
He hated London.
John made a horrible choked whimper, and Sherlock couldn’t not touch him then, twisting so he could slip his arm back behind his shoulders and gather John to his chest. He stroked his fingers down the side of his face and kissed his forehead.
Sherlock’s eyes fall shut and he swallows hard, his esophagus moving under John’s fingers. “You are. Just in a different way.”
“Certainly.” Sherlock squeezes John’s hand, rubs their thumbs together.
Sherlock bends down and laps at John’s earlobe, pleased at the shuddering gasp it wrings from him. “Anywhere I can get my mouth around that massive cock of yours and not be interrupted.”
Sherlock looks up, and John’s face is very close. His eyes are crinkled around the edges and so gentle it makes the tension in Sherlock’s stomach uncoil enough that he can breathe again.
They don't bother showering, just pull on dirty tee shirts and pants and throw dressing gowns over their shoulders. Sherlock boils the water and John grabs two beers out of the fridge. Sherlock doesn't normally drink beer, but he takes a long swig when John hands him the bottle and clinks it against John's. "Cheers."
“I’m glad you came.”
"I'm sorry. I'm really fucking sorry."
He’s quiet for a moment. There’s a cacophony around them, rats beginning to squeak and scurry in the dusky light, the children yelling at each other, the thwack and ping of the pipes hitting cricket balls, a dog barking in the distance. It’s all muted, the world turned down to it’s lowest volume by John Watson’s eyes on his.
There's a subtle tensing along the ridge of Sherlock's shoulders, where they're laying under John's arm. He remains silent, though.
But undeniably Sherlock.
, what then? Sherlock would never leave him, never abandon him like this, he was sure - had always been sure. Now there was a sick horrible knot of fear in his gut. He could sense the rage boiling around the edges, like a kettle just ready to start screaming. If Sherlock was alive...where the fuck had he been all this time?
“So dramatic. You're taking lessons from my brother."
“I know you do.” The emotion in Sherlock’s voice surprised even himself. “And I’m going to take you home. I promise you that, John. I will take you home.”
There was a long pause before Sherlock wrote back.
"Harder." Sherlock pants, his chest and neck a violent shade of mottled red, his legs locked almost painfully tight around John's ribs. "
“My side?” Sherlock looks at him curiously. They’ve never made love this way before. Usually it’s Sherlock flat on his back or straddling John’s hips, riding him, eager and fast.
Now Sherlock’s allowed to be excited about those things. He’s allowed to
"No. He'll be - he's not really. We don't. Not while we're on a case." John was starting to have trouble with sentences of more than five or six words. He didn't really drink like this anymore. He and Sherlock would often share a bottle of wine over the length of an entire evening, or sip scotch slowly in front of the fire, each of them with a book open on their laps. Slamming pints in quick succession was something he hadn't done since active duty. They'd won the match, though, their first match, and he should be reveling in it. He picked up the cool glass, damp with beads of sweat, and ran his thumb down through the moisture. "He'll be busy until late."
Sherlock turns, kisses at John’s palm. “Good morning.”
“I want you to - like we did the first time. But nothing between us this time.” John’s hand slides hot between them, palming Sherlock through his jeans.
“What you need now, honey?” A loathsome smile spread across her face, revealing crooked stained teeth.
“You called the police.” John croaks out, turning to look at Sherlock, who looks entirely unruffled, brazenly tilting his chin up to display the purpling bruise John just left under his jaw.
“I recognise that guy. I’ve seen him before.” John looks away from them, takes Sherlock’s hand again and smiles at him.
“Yeah well. Lot of good it did us.” His beer crawls back up his throat, sour and unpleasant.
John rolls his eyes and huffs in mock exasperation, unable to hide the smile that’s always there right under his grumbly exterior. The smile that belongs only to Sherlock, just like the rest of him.
“Sherlock. Whatever’s going on in that genius brain of yours, turn it off. I can practically see your fucking gears turning behind your eyes.” John shuffles his hips to the side, makes room. “Please just come and sit with me.”
The memory of it aches, makes his chest tight. They were so young, and already both so broken. Somehow, when they were together, neither of them felt that way. John thought he’d found the love of his life, that somehow together they could make themselves whole again.
"I'm not either, to be entirely honest. Let's just have dinner and then we'll sort it through." Sherlock brushes his fingers over John's hand as he turns away, but doesn't take it. It's much more heartbreaking than it should be.
“Oh god oh god. Oh god, John. John can you hear me? Fuck. FUCK.” He’s crying, can feel the tears dripping off his chin onto his bent knees. “Please don’t die, oh my god.”
"Both idiots." Sherlock smiles, thumbing over John's ears and touching his cheeks and his jaw.
Our kisses grew ferocious, biting at each other’s mouths in our urgency, John’s sticky hands coming up to tangle in my hair and draw my face even more tightly against his own. I looped my arms around his neck and rode him in slow circles, my thighs slipping against the sweat-slick leather. John was covered in perspiration, his golden skin glowing in the flickering light. It was becoming desperately hot, the fire behind me crackling and popping. A bead of sweat trickled down my spine.
This hair was exactly right. Curly and black as sin, and fisted in his fingers as he yanked the man’s head back and thrust into him.
. A flick of wet, tensed tongue against that sensitive furl of skin, a quick poke inward, then a long languorous pass from perineum to sacrum, John vibrating his lips against Sherlock's skin.
The spasming of Sherlock's inner muscles around his prick is too much, and John can't hold it back anymore, allowing the thunderous crash of orgasm to take him. He convulses again and again, his stomach flooding with heat, the shivery sensation of cool electricity exploding through his nerve endings. He hears
John bunches Sherlock’s trousers and pants rather unskillfully right above his bent knees, resting against John’s stomach, and leans up. Sherlock braces himself with a hand against the wall as John nuzzles his face into the hot musky crease in front of him, and licks softly at the skin under wiry brown hairs. Sherlock jerks and folds forward, panting out, “Oh my god, John.”
"Yeah, I dunno. Never had one. Thought I might give it a go." John stretched his legs out and yawned. The hand that wasn't in Sherlock's hair fell to his waist and squeezed. "You don't approve?"
"Yes. Just trying to organise my thoughts. There's a lot. A lot I want to say." Sherlock takes a long swallow of wine and refills his glass. "You know I don't normally, but."
“Please.” He murmurs against Sherlock’s open mouth, tongue still lapping at the inside of John’s lips. “Please, Sherlock.”
"What a good boy. Look how well you're behaving already." John coos at him, watching Sherlock's neck redden, his lips part. "It's alright, you can come here to me."
Sherlock doesn’t sleep the rest of the night.
John pushes a little further, and Sherlock's muscles are looser than they normally would be because he just came, and his body inside is so hot. His cock twitches a little, and he pushes down onto John's fingers while he watches John's hand pumping back and forth in the vee of his thighs.
John rolls his eyes and shakes his head, lets go of Sherlock’s chin and leans into his side. “I have this feeling you’ve almost never said that to anyone else.”
“Oh John.” There’s a tide of emotion rising in him. He kisses John’s neck, his spine, his shoulder, his hair. Any part of him he can reach with his mouth. Thrusts his hips forward, the intensity of this making him feel faint. All the blood rushes from his brain, sweeping hot through his veins.
John fell asleep to the rhythm of Sherlock’s fingers trailing up and down his arm. Sherlock watched him breathing, turning over all the things they hadn’t said, hadn’t talked about. He couldn’t believe he’d come back and walked right into John’s waiting arms. He knew it couldn’t last. There was a John Watson rage coming.
“Oh.” Sherlock threw the sheets back without hesitation or embarrassment and untangled the tube, moved it over so John could shift over more. “Better?”
John makes a sound that’s not unlike a sob and kisses Sherlock’s thigh before he lowers his mouth back over Sherlock’s cock. Everything tightens, his shoulder blades knitting together, pushing him up off the mattress, one leg curling up over John’s shoulder as John sucks him and runs his right hand up his thigh to cradle his bollocks.
A current of pleasure courses down John's spine, watching Sherlock straighten up slowly and drop the papers in his hand to the sofa without a second thought. He knows that tone of John's voice, and it allows for no argument. He turns and the first pink blush of arousal is already high on his cheeks, set off by wispy damp tendrils against his pale skin. His eyes are just slightly less sharply inquisitive than they usually are, his long black lashes fluttering beautifully. "Yes, John."
They kiss and kiss, Sherlock’s hands drifting down John’s neck, caressing over his shoulder blades and following the dip of his lower back. John leaves Sherlock’s mouth to trace the tip of his tongue over the perfect line of that jaw, up to pull gently at his earlobe with his teeth. Sherlock moans low and deep, digging his fingers into the barest hint of soft flesh at John’s hips.
"I would know." He's already deduced John's most recent shag was about four days previous, judging from the fading scratch marks across his shoulders, the faintly visible love bite under his ear. "You want me to tell you how? Or shall we just get on with the more private part of this conversation?"
The info about John's gun came from Sherlockology: http://www.sherlockology.com/props/johns-pistol
John's confused now. Maybe Sherlock hates pet names, endearments. In fact, thinking about it, yes. That seems exactly the kind of thing Sherlock would find
” and then bobs his head and licks and licks until Sherlock is shaking, one arms straight against the wall, holding him up, and with the other, tugging at John’s hair desperately.
“Alright, get to it. I need a name, Mycroft.”
John kisses fiercely, humming and sighing, nipping at Sherlock's lower lip and licking into his mouth with a hot wet tongue that tastes like...
He makes sure the door is locked, and pads through the kitchen into the bedroom. John’s sitting on the edge of the bed, head in his hands. He looks up when Sherlock walks in. Sherlock meets his eyes, aching at the expression he sees in them, and slowly unbuckles his jeans. He pushes them down, kicks them away, and pulls his shirt over his head. He starts toward the bed.
“I could wait for you. Until the bar closes. I could - wait. If you want me to.” Sherlock stumbles, unaccustomed to this - to affection and companionship and soft smiles and the idea of someone sticking around. The idea of him
"What?"
“John, are you alright? Why are you rubbing your head? Are you dizzy?” Sherlock’s voice is tinged with worry, almost panicky, as he kneels on the floor and leans up to look into John’s face. His sea glass green eyes are roiling with concern, his eyebrows drawn in a sharp v, making that adorable crinkle at the bridge of his nose that just begs for kissing.
"You don't have to -- I shouldn't have asked, I'm sorry."
"John." Sherlock twists around, the scars on his back pulling and stretching. John can't take his eyes off them. Sherlock turns and gets up on his knees, faces John so he can't see the scarring anymore. "Listen to me. It's alright - "
I want you so bad."
“Come here, Sherlock,” He murmured, his eyes drifting open, his hands closing round my hips possessively and folding me down into his lap.
Sherlock's voice goes flat. "You still have reservations."
Sherlock.”
Sherlock goes home to his father’s probing questions about
, he thinks as sleep finally claims him.
"I have no idea what you're talking --
“I want," Sherlock gasps out, hoarse and thin, and slides back over John’s trembling body to sink to his knees again. His fingers slip out and he rubs his hands tenderly along the insides of John's thighs, pushes them farther apart. He spreads his hands over the curves of that perfect tight little arse and licks along the crease.
“Yes, love.” John’s voice is amused, but Sherlock knows John’s not mocking him. He sounds pleased and happy, and Sherlock thinks suddenly that John should sound this way much, much more often than he does.
"My sweet boy." John brushes tender fingers through Sherlock's hair as he straightens up. "Not hungry anymore?"
He opened his eyes.
- it was all there for John to act upon, and he never could allow himself to experience the vulnerability, to hazard the danger of what if.
“Who are you working for?”
Sherlock rubbed against his hand and sighed. He looked exhilarated, breathing through his mouth, eyes wide and sparkling. John especially loved him like this. Alight from the inside, glimmering with an almost childlike excitement. Even after seven years of friendship and over a year of being together, that look in Sherlock's eyes still made John's stomach flutter just as it had at the first crime scene, when he knew he was hopelessly lost.
Sherlock’s fingers closed around the toy and eased it out of him. John felt empty and open without it. Sherlock let out a long shivering groan, his hands rubbing circles on John’s arse and hips. John felt his weight shift on the mattress, and he raised his hips, but instead of Sherlock’s cock pushing into him, it was the sweet wet heat of his tongue. His adrenaline spiked, a rush of endorphins like a tide sweeping up and over him, and everything went white as the pressure in his cock became almost unbearable.
John goes quiet as he pours the coffee, his face thoughtful. He hands both Sherlock and Harry a mug and sets his own on the windowsill so he can maneuver out of the window. Harry follows him, efficiently folding her slender legs and settling beside her brother on the metal grating. Harry’s eyes never leave John, but he doesn’t look at her, staring into the swirls of oil across the top of his coffee. John’s mouth twitches to the side, reticent.
"I'm going to just, ah -"
"What?"
. Shush. No, it’s nothing to do with us, my love. Just thinking. Getting nostalgic in my old age.”
“Promise.”
“Mycroft.” Sherlock hated needing Mycroft. He hated it. But. Mycroft was useful, and loyal.
“You should have trusted me.” John’s voice had dropped to a hush, his hand methodically smoothing Sherlock’s hair away from his face. It was midday, the light outside blindingly white reflected off the snow. It spread heat through the window, illuminating them like an incandescent light bulb. Like they were in an interrogation room. Sherlock felt bare. Stripped.
John sighed and twisted, wrapping half of his body over half of Sherlock's, leaning them back into the sofa. Sherlock made a small startled noise initially, but reciprocated, tucking his arm behind John's shoulder blades and pulling him close. He put his mouth against John's hair. John crooked his leg over Sherlock's thigh and pressed his face into Sherlock's shirt, breathed him in.
“Are you fucking kidding me? We’re fucking criminals, Lester. Smoking in a public building is the least of our problems. Now, fucking hand me my cigarettes.” John shoved himself higher on the bed, rolled his aching neck. As he held his hand out to take the cigarette pack from Lester, he saw how battered he was - his whole forearm purple and black, hands bandaged and swollen, a few fingernails had fallen out. “Jesus fucking Christ.”
. John, he doesn't want to lie to.
All the air goes from his lungs in a rush, like a fist to the gut. It hurts more than anything Sherlock's yet said. To be shut out of what brought them together in the first place, to be excluded from the most important part of Sherlock's life; it's unimaginable. The thought alone creates a chasm in him, an aching emptiness. A sob escapes him. "Sherlock. I didn't mean to --"
“Yeah, that. The trunk.” He wiped his index finger and thumb over his lower lip, pinched it between them. Nervous habit.
That’s who the voice was.
But John laughs and shakes his head, “
- wanted to sleep at home, with me, and then you - " Sherlock stops, cheeks flushed, looking embarrassed.
make it, John.” Sherlock objected, and kicked at John’s booted foot indignantly. “I’ve no trouble keeping up with you at home.”
“Thanks, yeah.” John bit back all the insults he wanted to hurl at this right bloody moron on the other end of the phone. He was burning with anger. He hadn’t hit anyone since the dumb fuck from the plane yesterday morning, which felt like weeks ago, and he’d had plenty of temptation that he’d resisted. It was starting to build in him. The need to destroy something, to pound it bloody.
"I'm sure you are." Sherlock grinds his back teeth together, his jaw tight. Jim has always been able to engender in him a kind of raw anger that makes his skin feel like it's rubbing against sandpaper. He's already quivering, fear and anticipation mingling in his chest. There's a hollow ache in his belly, an emptiness at his side where John should be. This already feels all wrong.
“You’re going to let me come all over that beautiful mouth, aren’t you?” John’s thumb dips between Sherlock’s lips, dragging along the side of his own cock, feeling where their bodies are joined together.
"How long have you known I was here?" John eased himself into the light, but stayed in the kitchen.
John exhaled loudly through pursed lips, then pressed his lips in a thin line. His hand clenched on the bed. “Sherlock, the truth is, I couldn’t live in the world without you, if I knew you were in it. I don’t know how to live without you. Even if I wanted to, I don’t know how. Which should be pretty fucking obvious by now. And I’m tired. I’m so tired of being angry and full of hate and venom. Everything hurts, and I really just want to lie here and have your arms around me for a really, really long time. So. I’m not going anywhere, but...I’m a fucking wreck, and I think I’m in a lot of trouble.”
The silence sharpens. Watson gives himself a few leisurely strokes.
“You can see more of me than you were previously privy to. Surely your brain has been whirring with new information since you entered this room. My scar, perhaps?”
Watson slides down a few inches, gathering water in his palms and washing the soap thoroughly from his chest. He doesn’t take his eyes off Holmes once.
Holmes doesn’t sleep until it is nearly dawn. When he makes his way down to breakfast an hour or so later, he is planning not to mention the previous night’s events or in fact indicate in any way that he is cognizant of any shift whatsoever in their relationship. He will let Watson stew in anticipation and uncertainty for a good long while before he sets anything else in motion. He will be his usual self, acerbic, aloof. An air of knowing everything but saying little has served Holmes well most of his life. It renders his acquaintances either mad with frustration or eager to demonstrate that they are worthy of attention. Either, or both.
