“Wait, wait, wait. Go back a little bit.” to which Dean leaned forward and propped himself on the desk.
“Let me blow you… please.” He sounded so needy but he didn’t even care. Castiel turned him around to face him again, thumb sliding across Dean’s bottom lip.
“You can call me Dean. And yeah why did you guys decide to take this case? I do admit it’s a pretty bizarre one but…”
. He was dressed in a white button up shirt, the top two buttons were undone and his sleeves were rolled up to his elbows. He had a tanned skin that perfectly matched his black hair and he was wearing slim fit trousers than hugged his hips and thighs at just the right places. The stranger had his fingers wrapped around a plastic dick, clearly explaining something to the woman, but the thought of those long, slim fingers being wrapped on Dean‘s cock instead had him breathless already.
Lindsey seemingly tensed up, the worry on her face now growing bigger, eyes starting to fill up with water.
The impala was now parked in front of the ‘Bad Luck’ bar, the big neon sign shining through the fog that was forming.
The rest of the day went by pretty quickly considering the only activity Dean and Cas did was stand in front of a computer reviewing CCTV footages. With the occasional ‘Hey I’m gonna go bring some food’ talk they had pretty much not moved from Dean’s office at all. The footages told them nothing new, even the one from the shop that arrived later in the day. There was still no reports of any bodies or any more missing people, so at least that was a plus.
It was 6PM when they both decided to call it a day and head on home. Dean went by to Jody to drop off the footage from the shop as well and said his goodbye with his colleagues.
“But yeah I have no idea what new information Benny has, so let’s hope it’s good.” knowing Benny and how he delivers information he doubted it could be good but he could at least hope. “Anyway I haven’t had breakfast yet, so I’m going in my office.” he could feel his stomach rambling.
“Harder, please I’m – I’m so close.” Dean managed to say in between breaths, his dick leaking precome on his stomach and he hadn’t even touched himself. Castiel’s dick was the only thing giving him pleasure but it was also so much more than just that. The way Castiel was slamming into him, bed moving under them. The pleased huffs and moans he made, it was more than enough for Dean to come without touching himself. And he wanted to. He wanted to, for Cas.
“Feel these.” And that was the first thing Dean wanted to obey so badly. “I have to take some arriving packages but I will be around if you need me.”
He looked over at Cas again, slightly tapping on the wheel with his fingers. “Uh, I have a guitar. Nothing serious though, I just love the sound of it.”
As Dean unlocked the front door he felt Cas’ stare on him and it made the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. They stepped inside and Cas took off his coat which made Dean lick his lips. The agent’s eyes were roaming everywhere, exploring Dean’s apartment with his gaze.
“Hey.” said the man with a deep and strong voice. Cas’ eyes shot up to his and fuck. He was even more beautiful up close. His eyes were captivating green starring into Castiel’s. The sun gleamed on his face just right so his freckles would show and his cheekbones were to die for.
The footage was now back to it’s normal speed, seconds before the man approached Paul. The camera was placed somewhere on top, facing Paul’s face and the back of the mysterious man. He was dressed in a dark blue hoodie, black jeans and had a cap on his head which was impossible to see his face that way. They couldn’t tell if Paul knew him or if he’d just been too drunk to care about someone coming to talk to him. They were talking for almost 15 minutes when suddenly they both got up and started walking towards the entrance. The suspect was now facing the camera more, but his face still couldn’t be seen from his cap. His clothes had no stamps on them either which made it even harder. Plus the quality of the camera wasn’t the best.
He grabbed his arm to see how bad he was bleeding. It wasn’t much but his whole palm was red, the blood from his wound starting to drip down his whole arm as well.
He slowly took the bandage off and looked up at Cas who didn’t want to look back at him. His palm had bloody scars which looked like were from his nails. How could you even hold your fist so firmly to leave these kind of scars? Dean wondered if he was the reason he did that since he saw him holding his fist like that last night. He took a new rag and placed it in Cas’ palm which made Cas release the breath he was holding in. Dean wanted so bad to ask about it but also didn’t want to push his luck or make Cas upset again.
Dean looked around the room as he stepped in, Cas beside him. “Maybe.” he replied and Lindsey invited them to sit on the couch as she was gathering the missing person posters she had printed out from the table. After they were all made into a pile she sat across them.
“Alright Benny, thank you.” Dean nodded and Benny left the room, leaving his chief alone with his thoughts. It was hard to process all this. The new information about the case, the FB-fucking-I. Dean hated working with people outside of his own department. And now he had to share every bit of information he got with the them. He opened up the old case file to check some stuff again. The two cases were very similar but also very different in their own way. But it does make it a hell of a lot easier to navigate through evidence. At least they have an idea of what they are looking for even if it’s not 100% it.
There was silence in the car for a few minutes, the cloudy weather outside making the atmosphere cozy. It didn’t even feel like they were driving to solve a case, but rather going for a sweet ride with no direction.
“No idea. You know how they are so I’m not even surprised. But yeah the head of their criminal investigations should come soon to talk to you. I was told 10am but who knows when he will arrive.” checking the clock Dean saw he had a bit of time to relax and think about everything Benny just told him.
That strong no echoed inside Dean’s head. It was like Cas was embarrassed by it. Like he wanted to hide it so bad but he couldn’t. Dean didn’t know what to reply again until the waitress came and saved him. They both ordered their things and Dean decided to change the subject.
Was Dean supposed to make food? Does he prepare for a date? He already spent the whole afternoon tidying up his apartment and he didn’t have time to think about food or anything. He checked his phone. Four twenty five. He had texted Castiel his address but didn’t get a response back. Not that he expected one, Castiel was working after all. Plus what would he respond? Can’t wait to see you? Dean wasn’t that stupid, he knew Castiel wanted this as much as he did.
“The hell happened to you guys?” he asked with a confused look on his face. Dean almost forgot he got stabbed when he suddenly felt the pain rush through him again by the reminding of it.
And with that he left Dean in the bar, who wondered what he did wrong for Cas to just get up and leave like that. One second everything was fine and then he suddenly changed. His voice of tone, his expressions. Maybe he really just needed a rest. Dean looked at his phone and decided it’s time for him to go home as well.
“How about we question some people? Ask around, see if they know anything.” Dean suggested and Cas nodded in agreement. They decided to split the houses in streets. Dean took the one they were on and Cas the one across.
He put his hands in his jeans pockets and slowed his walking. “How about now? We can… drink a beer or something and you can hear my awesome guitar skills.” Dean let out a laugh to mask how nervous he was. He couldn’t tell if that worked or not.
“Yeah I might, I’m pretty proud of it. And I’m glad you liked it also. I think it’d look good as well.” Cas put his hands in his pockets and was standing next to Dean now.
case.” Dean looked at him kind of shocked. The voice that came out of that man was not expected. It was so deep Dean felt like he could get lost in it. He licked his lips and stood up to shake the agent’s hand.
Dean nodded and told Cas to wait outside by the impala to which he nodded as well and they both left Dean’s office.
“I bet I’d look even better somewhere else though.” Dean’s voice was low now, the hotness of his it filling the room. His green eyes were staring into Castiel’s blue ones taking every last breath of him. Two could play this game.
After a couple of seconds of daydreaming, Dean resumed his search for whatever he was looking for in the opposite direction of the
Cas… holy shit that feels so good.” Dean was practically screaming right now, trying to move his hips down so he could get more of that cock.
Bela held his gaze until Dean looked down at his drink. She looked annoyed by the fact that she just got rejected and if the way she smacked her glass on the bar was any indication, yes she was angry. Whatever, she was pretty enough to seduce someone else but Dean wasn’t it tonight. He had a few more drinks, enough so that he could still drive, and headed home.
Was that? It couldn’t be… It was the guy from the store! He was aware that Rowena was talking but all he could focus on was that man. How? How was he going to survive this?
It was a very blurred picture of Cas’ legs in what seemed like sweatpants, the street in front of him lit up by some dim lights. Sweatpants? He had never seen Castiel in anything else than trousers so this was a bit odd.
Dean remember he actually hadn’t told Benny about the report of the missing person. He thought to himself he’d explain later and gestured a hand to Benny which he seemed to understand what it meant.
They were looking at each other with a gaze softer than a feather. When Cas looked away at the window he smiled again.
Dean and Cas shared a look and Cas propped himself off of the desk and leaned on the wall behind Dean instead.
“Special agent Novak is here to see you. Should I send him in?” Dean had almost forgot about the FBI agent. He rolled his eyes and nodded.
With that Cas looked down and smiled softly. Now that was a smile. Even if it was for a brief moment, Dean saw it. And he felt this joy rush through him, he was happy that he made Cas smile. He smiled softly as well and looked at Castiel’s lips.
“I think I’m gonna… go home, it’s getting late.” He said and they both stood up and started walking through the hallway. “Thank you for the beers, though. And the concert.” he let out a chuckle.
He turned on the faucet and let the cold water hit his skin. The contrast between his hot body and the cold droplets felt so refreshing. Not only that but he felt like he needed to wash away the blood from his dream even though it was never actually on him. He wasn’t disgusted by it just in fact quite the opposite. He loved helping people and bringing people to justice. That’s why he became a police chief. But maybe the case they’d been working on for a week now has started to get over him.
The weather outside was as warm as it could be for 7AM, the sun dancing on Dean’s face. Despite the good weather though Dean’s nightmare had a pretty strong effect on him. It was creeping at the back of his head, a thought always reminding him of it. He hated nightmares, he used to have them a lot when he was younger, but they eventually faded away with the memory of his parents passing. Not that he could ever forget about them or what happened but people said time heals and Dean totally agreed. Time doesn’t make you forget but it makes you be a better person, makes you move forward to the future, instead of walking back to the past.
That deep morning voice sent a whole shiver down Dean’s spine, the way his name sounded on Cas’ tongue like this didn’t help at all.
“Cas, these are amazing. I – I really have no words for them.” he swallowed and felt the urge to lick his lips. “When did you start doing this?”
When she calmed down a bit she explained how much Paul was jealous, how he didn’t let her go out for a ‘girls night’.  How he would tell her what to and not to wear. Eventually this brought them to a lot of fighting, which was also the reason Paul was gone with days, drinking his pain away in a bar. Maybe their relationship wasn’t what some people would call – healthy – but Lindsey clearly cared about him despite his possessive behavior.
Castiel took the last sip of his beer, drew in a long breath, then let it out slowly. He placed the bottle on the table and grabbed his bandaged hand instead, putting pressure on the wound on his palm.
“Uh, yeah. I could definitely use a drunk right now.” him and Sam shared a smile but suddenly Dean’s phone rang. He picked it up.
Castiel seemingly tensed up, his knuckles turning white from gripping the table. Dean narrowed his eyes at the stranger and felt his anger rush through him. Before he could say anything to him he saw the man fall down to his knees, hands holding his cheekbone. Dean’s eyes widened, his gaze turning to Cas who was ready to land another punch. Dean stopped him by putting his arm on the agent’s chest. They locked eyes, Dean’s gaze searching Cas’ face. Cas started blinking, licked his lips and looked down at his bloody knuckles. Both of their faces softened and Dean wanted to take his hand to ease the pain somehow.
Something from behind Dean caught Castiel’s attention and with a quick squint of his eyes his face quickly changed from turned on to annoyed. When his gaze returned back to Dean though, he seemed pleased, almost as if he was surprised Dean was still there. He took another pair of cuffs from the isle in front of them and handed them to Dean.
They knocked a couple of times but it was obvious no one was going to open the door. Dean tried looking through the windows but the curtains were too thick to see anything. They decided to go around the house and maybe enter through the back door.
The L shaped kitchen had really nice, full white counters and wooden shelves on top. To the left was the small living room with a big grey couch, TV and shelves in front of it as well. The big windows, same as the bedroom, gave the room a more open look, making it appear a little bit bigger than it actually is. Dean’s guitar was hanging from the wall, as well as some family pictures next to it. The whole apartment had bright white lights, making it even more welcoming and modern.
“Morning Jo.” he returned the smile.  “Hey, uh, have you seen Benny? He said he needs to talk to me about that case.”
“We are looking for a man. Paul Stone? He was last seen here two days ago.” Dean took out his phone and showed her a picture the wife had sent him.
He ran a hand through his hair and walked himself to the bathroom, taking a cold shower. It was a habit of his every time after a nightmare. To take a cold shower. It made him calm down at least a little bit. After he was done with the shower he cleaned the cut on his arm, letting it breath this time. They had a lot of work today as well, so he quickly put on his uniform and grabbed his phone. Dean’s mind had this one thought the whole drive to the Department: should he tell Cas about his dream?
Cas’ hand let go of Dean’s arm instead finding its way on his shoulder. They were staring at each other, almost having a stare off. Cas’ tongue suddenly drew out to wet his lips, Dean’s eyes following the motion. His whole body was telling him to close the small gap between them and lock their lips together but his mind was telling him otherwise. But Cas was so close Dean could practically feel the agent’s breathing on his own lips and he could swear it felt like Cas was leaning in, slowly but surely making that gap even smaller. Dean’s breathing was quickening with every second, heart flattering, butterflies in his stomach flying and shivers running through his whole body.
Figure drawing? Sure, Castiel has drawn naked people from the internet before but never one in real time – one that’s going to be right in front of him. He liked to challenge himself though so he decided to give this a try. Or maybe he will change his mind later. Or maybe a hundred more times until tomorrow. Either way he had a lot of time until then which meant a lot of time to think about it. Right now he needed to go buy some supplies since he was running low on a few of them. There was one place he loved getting his art supplies from – Winchester Paint Shop. They were never out of stock like every other place Castiel tried to buy from and unlike the other shops the owner there was actually pretty friendly. Plus it was only a 10 minute walk from his apartment. He took his coffee cup to the sink, put on his coat and headed out.
He was balls deep in him already and he gave Dean a bit of time to adjust to the size. Or maybe Dean didn’t need time.
He let go of their dicks and reached over to his night stand where his lube was located. He had to let go of Dean’s hands as well so he could put some lube on his fingers. Once he did, he started teasing Dean’s hole with one of his fingers. The only words coming out of Dean’s mouth were Castiel’s name. Cas worked Dean until he was sure he was ready and when Dean confirmed he aligned his cock with his hole. Dean was pretty much already broken by what Cas was doing to him but he needed that beautiful cock buried deep in him to finish him. Cas grabbed both sides of Dean’s hips and started slowly pushing inside him.
Good torture, the kind of torture that left you wanting more. Instead of Dean speaking he just slowly started sinking down until he was on his knees, Castiel’s crotch in his eyesight.
When he finally pushed the door open, he was overwhelmed with the amount of dildos, ropes, handcuffs and literally anything kinky your mind could come up with. The shop smelled like lavender and had bright white lights that made Dean feel a little bit better. The place wasn’t that big and there was definitely a few corners where he could just hide and look for whatever he needed without anyone bothering him.
Dean sighed in frustration and leaned back. “I don’t even know man. We kind of got an opening today which is good.” he scratched his facial hair. “Benny found some pretty interesting things.”
The house where the victim was had tape ‘CRIME SCENE DO NOT CROSS’ all around it. Everyone that was there was busy with something. Some police officers had their notebooks out and were taking notes, some of them were taking pictures of everything they found suspicious. Dean looked around and something, more specifically someone, caught his eye. Agent Novak. What was it about that man that make Dean feel the way he feels right now? When Dean saw him he felt his heart quickened for a second and then normalized its speed again. He felt the urge to lick his lips and tuck at his sleeve. The fact that this man had that effect on him was scaring Dean a little bit. Yes he was attractive but he was a bit weird. He didn’t share much and he was mysterious. The kind of mysterious you don’t want to fuck around with. But maybe that’s what dragged Dean more towards him?
The way Cas looked right now, in Dean’s home, made his heart tingle. The fact he was going to play for him made him feel uplifted and even if they were still in uniforms it felt kind of personal as well.
Cas was leaning against the car with his notebook in his hands again. He seemed to love that thing too much but Dean found that kind of cute. The way he was leaning back against Dean’s own car, with that long black trench coat, his messy hair sticking everywhere and those long fingers gripping that pen. It made Dean feel all sorts of things. He licked his lips and handed him the coffee.
For the first hour Castiel wasn’t too keen on drawing. He was too distracted by the looks Dean gave him, by the way his tongue drew out to wet his lips. The people next to him were pretty ahead already and were doing a pretty good job. He had to get in the zone if he wanted to finish this piece. And he did want to. He wanted it to be perfect. He wanted Dean to think it’s perfect. He wasn’t going to forgive himself if he fucked up this drawing. Just not this one. He rubbed the back of his neck, took his charcoal pencil and started drawing.
“$23.89 please.” God. Castiel almost forgot he was supposed to be buying stuff and not day dreaming about the cashier. He took out his wallet and handed the money.
“We have our reasons. You don’t need to worry about that.” He looked angry but at the same time the way he talked was different. “We just want the case solved as much as you do.”
“Thank you.” he brushed his fingers over Cas’ and looked him in his eyes. “Have a nice day, sir.” he said with a low raspy voice and a playful smile. It was Cas this time that licked his lips and returned the greetings.
Dean swallowed slow never leaving his eyes, Cas watching his throat. “On your bed with your cock deep inside me.”
Cas was taking notes in his notebook when Dean approached him. “What’s the verdict?” he asked and stopped beside him.
“I’m sorry for asking but…” Castiel finally managed to slip out “Are you a new hire?” he could swear the man’s eyes were on his lips the whole time. If that wasn’t enough he drew out his tongue and licked his lips.
“Well… talented people are always harsh on themselves. I know from personal experience.” Castiel replied and resumed scribbling away in his notebook.
“Well I did some research at the library, looked up the history of the Detroit Police Department online and glued the stuff together.” he looked pretty proud of himself. As he rightfully should be. There was a reason he was the chief assistant and a reason Dean picked him as such.
Castiel was talking on the phone with Benny when Dean came back from the bathroom in his office with a wet cloth for his arm. He sat down in his chair and started cleaning up the dried blood. Cas was looking at him while nodding to whatever Benny was saying over the phone.
Benny made an unpleasing sound but when Dean looked him in the eyes he shut up and nodded. Dean drank what was left of his coffee and they both went into the main office. Castiel was sitting at one of the benches, his notebook in his hands.
Dean didn’t know what else to say so he was just looking at him. He wanted to know more but he also didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable. Cas was about to say something when Benny came and got ahead of him.
Castiel smiled briefly from behind his cup. “Oh. Yeah, don’t expect much though. And also it’s more of a sketchbook rather than a notebook.” he took it out of his trench coat and handed it to Dean.
“You are so beautiful…” Castiel leaned in close, lips brushing against Dean’s but never actually touching. “You want my cock, Dean? I bet your lips would look so good wrapped around it.”
Dean wasn’t looking at him but he could hear the slight smile in Cas’ voice. He smirked too and started nodding. “I’d love to.”
Castiel was looking at the files with narrowed eyes and a little tilt to his head. He was reading it carefully so Dean took the opportunity to take a better look at him. He would assume he was the same age as him. He had visibly dark circles under his eyes. Like he hadn’t been sleeping for two days. The scar on his neck was pretty big and Dean wondered if he got it during his job. It looked old so it might have been from something else as well. He rubbed the side of his own neck, almost like an instinct.
Dean left out a small laugh “Oh God, no.” he looked over at Cas who looked kind of confused with that slight tilt of his head again. “Oh don’t get me wrong. I fucking love art, I just really, really suck at it. Literally can’t even draw a circle.”
He decided on ordering a pizza in the end, not knowing what Castiel even likes to eat. But everyone loves pizza, so he figured he couldn’t go wrong with that. It was already five thirty five when Dean got out of the shower and was picking what to wear. He put on his favorite Led Zeppelin shirt with a plain red flannel on top and black jeans.
He was picking up what watercolors to get when he felt heavy eyes on him. He glanced over his right shoulder only to see the new guy checking him up and down. Cas swallowed slowly not taking his eyes off of the man. He felt tense, his breath quickened. He could feel the blood running through his veins. Suddenly his view was blocked by a woman. Cas clenched his jaw, quickly grabbed what he needed and took his place on the queue. Once it was his turn, he placed his things on the desk and drew in a long breath.
“Hey Cas, you okay?” he turned to his left to see Anna handing him his pencil. “You look a bit distressed.” Cas gave her a look saying
The alarm showed 7:50AM when it woke Castiel up. He turned it off quickly, made an unpleasing sound and turned to his other side. The sun was barely showing, it was quite cloudy outside which made Cas want to stay in bed even more. He remembered he had a session to go to so he forced himself up and sat at the end of his bed for a few minutes. He was debating whether or not to go to the class today but he thought why not, he might as well give it a try. It’s never too bad to challenge yourself. If it really wasn’t his thing he just wouldn’t go to any further classes.
They talked for a couple hours. First about the case, Cas and Dean explaining to Benny about how Dean got stabbed, about Lindsey and her husband Paul and about Cas’ little fight. They talked about the alleged suspect they know have, even if they didn’t know his face yet. ‘Small steps at a time’ was how Benny replied to that and he was right. The important thing was that they now had two footages they can review over and over. After that they started talking about literally everything else, but work. Which felt good and refreshing that they didn’t have to worry about it all, even if they were still worried. They got a lot of work done in one day and they deserved a little break.
After a few minutes he felt a tight bandage wrap around his cut. Castiel got up and smiled slightly down at him.
Dean never in a million years thought he’d be doing his, but there he was. Standing in front of the sex shop with people walking by, staring at him because he apparently has been stuck in the same position for 2 minutes. It wasn’t the fact that he was embarrassed to go in or anything it was just… okay maybe he was a little bit embarrassed. He never had to actually buy something for himself, not that he didn’t want to he was just… worried of what people would think when they saw him buy the things he wanted. But at the end of the day everyone there were there for the same reason he was and no one would judge him.
Dean was sure he was going to die right there and then. Could one die from an orgasm? You know, a non – physical one. Although he was getting pretty close to that as well, considering his twitching now almost fully erect dick in his jeans. God he felt like a 14 year old boy. He hoped Castiel didn’t see that when he eyed him up and down. Or maybe he hoped he did see it…
“The uh… The FBI are stepping up.” the room was filled with silence after that for what seemed like minutes.
“Cas…” his name in Dean’s mouth like that sounded so good. It was like honey. “Please...” the pleading sounds he made made Castiel’s dick twitch in response.
“Any leads?” Lindsey asked as she opened her front door. Her voice was shaky, barely giving any volume out.
Dean felt like he was being handed something sacred, holy. The covers were brown, made of leather and really soft to the touch. He turned the first page and there was a beautiful drawing of a man looking down, with wings. It was made with a charcoal pencil, the shading of it fit perfectly the style Cas had.
Dean felt the urge to lick his lips again as he started nodding slowly. He strung every string to check if the guitar was tuned. He had a lot of songs in his mind and he wondered which one would be the best to present to Cas. He settled on the first song he had ever learnt – Hallelujah. It was his mom’s favorite and he wished he’d been able to play it to her before she passed.
He looked different than earlier. Maybe the fact that Dean was hurt had an impact on him, maybe he was genuinely worried about him. Or maybe Dean’s mind was just playing tricks on him. He scoffed.
“It does catch the eye doesn’t it.” Castiel finally interrupted Dean’s thoughts. And he wasn’t even looking at him, he was looking out the window, which caught Dean off guard.
Dean started walking to check the living room out himself and confirmed there was nothing there that they could take as evidence. They decided to search the rest of the house which was the bedroom and the bathroom but had no succeed in that too. It looked like the man lived on his own since there were no family pictures or anything else that could indicate he had a family. Which was weird. Who doesn’t have at least one picture of their family hanging around somewhere?
When he got to the place pretty much everyone he knew was already there so he took one of the free easels on the second row. A few people greeted him and smiled at him and he did the same. He respected everyone there, they were all really polite to him and they were all great artists as well. On the podium in front of them was a chair for the model they were going to draw today. As he was getting his supplies out of his backpack he heard Rowena enter the room. When he looked up his eyes went wide and he dropped his pencil.
Once he entered the shop confusion overwhelmed his face. It wasn’t Sam – the owner of the shop standing behind the cashier desk. On his place was another man that made Cas’ breath quicken and his heart racing. The guy didn’t seem to notice him since he was buried deep in the computer, eyes narrowed. Cas shook his head, snapping out of his trance and headed towards the shelves. Who was this guy? Was he new? Did Sam sell the shop? How was he going to shop here if this new dude took every breath from him and made him sweat with nervousness just from first glance? Whatever, he just needed to grab what he needed and worry about this once he runs out of supplies again.
“Cas this is… this is beautiful.” he read it a couple more times because he just fell in love with it.
“Well he is 4 years younger than me, so he is 33. Gosh that… made me feel old now.” he laughed and took another sip of his whiskey.
Cas took his time taking the bag but eventually he did and put it on his bruised knuckles. Dean went around to grab his guitar then sat down on the couch as well. He took a sip of his beer and put it on the small table in front of him.
“Okay, uh…” Dean looked down to see her name badge. “…Anna. You have cameras in this place right?” she started nodding. “Mind if we check the footage?” he made sure to lick his lips and smirk when the words left his mouth.
At that Castiel started thirsting into Dean, his mouth on his neck sucking wet spots, making Dean’s back ache from the bed and his nails dug into Castiel’s back. The room smelled of sweat and sex but neither of them cared. Cas was moving in and out of Dean, making him completely dizzy with every thirst he made. They were both building up to their orgasm and they were both so close but what made it for Dean was Cas grabbing his dick and stroking up and down with fierce. Dean could feel him smirk against his neck. With that Dean came with a loud scream of Castiel’s name, his hands pulling as hard as they can at the sheets. Cas moved his mouth from Dean’s neck to his mouth and started kissing him as he pulled his cock out of Dean and stroked himself as he came on Dean’s stomach. Dean was looking up at Castiel through his lashes and Cas could swear he was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen. Dean’s eyes were shining, examing every inch of Castiel’s face. They were both still breathing heavily, the cum on Dean’s stomach getting mixed with Cas’.
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean paused for a second and drew in a breath. “But the FBI got on the case as well. And they have some asshole as a boss and he managed to annoy me in the 5 minutes we talked.” he said angrily and looked outside the window. “But enough about me, what about you? Work okay? Eileen okay?”
“No.” Cas looked him directly in the eyes but then a second later softened and looked away. “I will walk.”
When he arrived his brother was already waiting for him at one of the tables. They haven’t seen each other since Dean started working on the case. He smiled softly and approached him.
“Hey, Cas. Are you okay?” Dean’s voice was soft, trembling. He wanted to reach to Cas but wasn’t sure if it was okay.
“Uh hey.” Cas replied and forced a smile. Should he ask him if he is a new hire? Would that be too awkward? The cashier returned the smile and started checking Cas’ supplies. What was it about this guy that made Castiel feel this way? Sure he’s had boyfriends before but something about this guy just seems different. It was a feeling of I want to grab you and fuck you right on this desk but it was also a feeling of I want to hug you and watch movies at three in the morning with you.
He started looking through the shelves and drawers of the kitchen, but it was just like a normal kitchen. The drawers were full of forks, spoons, knives. The shelves with plates and bowls. He didn’t know why but it reminded him of the days when him and Sam would surprise their parents when they were coming from work with a pre-made table and meal. How Dean would cook and Sam would get the table ready, putting the everything neatly on the table. He missed those days. He lived alone now and he didn’t even feel the need to put the table for himself. He would just warm up some already made pizza in the oven, put it in a plate and eat in front of his computer. When there wasn’t someone else to do those things for, Dean felt like he didn’t need them himself. He drew in a long breath and let it out in frustration.
Not even a minute later a man walked in in Dean’s office. His eyes shot up and the man he saw surprised him. He was dressed all black, a black trench coat with the FBI logo in front of it. He had dark hair and blue eyes, full pulp lips and he had some kind of burned scar on the left side of his neck. He was like a dark prince out of a movie and Dean definitely did not expect him to look like that.
Dean was looking at both of them and deciding what to actually do. Was it better for Benny to go with Cas, or him? Benny was quite a ‘straight forward’ kind of guy. If he wanted to say something, good or bad, he would say it without second guessing. Which sometimes was okay. But most of the times it wasn’t. Dean has gotten used to it but if he was alone with Cas…
you like…” When he sensed Castiel was waiting for Dean’s name he let out a shaky, trembling, almost in a whisper: “D-Dean.”
In the old case the victim was a woman and now they had a man. The cause of death was strangulation and just as their case the victim had no organs but nothing else inside of her either. Maybe some sick fuck really did get inspired and twisted it to his own way.
He looked like he was considering it for a second but in the end gave in and leaned against Dean’s desk, never meeting his eyes. Dean moved his chair closer to Cas and took his arm. He made sure to go slow so he doesn’t scare him away. Dean was grateful he gave him permission to do this, considering how distant he was because of it before so he didn’t want to ruin it.
“2 days ago. He said he was going out with some friends to a bar but never came back. Doesn’t pick up his phone either. Which is very unlike him. I mean he has his phone with him all the time.”
When they came to the conclusion that they weren’t going to get anything new from this footage, Benny took the drive to give to Jody and Dean and Cas decided to go question Paul’s wife. Maybe she wasn’t telling the whole truth.
They had no idea how, but somehow they got to Dean’s bedroom, Dean still fully clothed and Cas only in his shirt. They were on each other, Cas kissing Dean’s sensitive neck and him moaning in response. He reached back and untied the knot but before Dean could touch him, Castiel took his wrists in his own hands.
Castiel seemed to notice the pair Dean was eyeing as he picked it up from the isle. “These can actually hurt pretty bad, despite their good looks.” He was running his fingers over the metal, making Dean lick his lips in response.
your cock in my ass Castiel, please, I need it so bad. Want that nice cock filling me up, please give it to me.”
Dean’s eyes were wide, gaze focused on the man’s neck. 13 years old? That was way too young to get a scar like that. He didn’t know what to say – or – he didn’t want to say anything. I mean what do you say to that? I’m sorry? That would be way less than enough. He let Cas breathe it out, he didn’t want to interrupt him in any way or cause him uncomfortableness. He was grateful Cas trusted him enough to share this with him.
Besides, concepts of gender and gender stratification were utterly baffling for angels. Humanity had a byzantine code of gendered assignments for everything from vehicles to foods that made no logical sense. Like the arbitrary, illogical gender assignments of garments, specifically pants and skirts. It was absurd that women could wear skirts as well as pants, but men could only wear pants. Especially for a species that had to regularly urinate and defecate. Everyone had worn some manner of skirt for thousands of years. They were easy to fashion and easy to wear, requiring no special fitting. They could be quickly made from virtually any material. Skirts have excellent freedom of movement. Pants have an annoying habit of splitting at the crotch at inconvenient times, like in battle. They also have no utility. Pants cannot be used to hide weapons, bandage wounds, or carry cargo. And as Castiel had discovered the night before, they were exceedingly irksome when it came to sex.
“Hello, Charlie.” rumbles that distinctive voice, scaring the shit out of her as the Angel in question materializes to her left.
Taking a step closer to blondie to strike up a conversation, Charlie feels her phone buzz. Hopefully, Jen is texting her where to meet up. Maybe they’d even found some shade. Redheads and sun don’t mix. Fishing her phone out of her bra, she’s surprised to see “Secret Squirrel” on the screen. Well, that can’t be good. It’s not like Dean calls just to chat. Something’s wrong. And it’s probably something big.
“Hey Charlie. We need your help. There’s this thing happening with the map table. We think it's showing demonic activity, but something’s hinky.” he says, sounding far away. Great, they must be on speaker. That doesn’t bode well.
“Oh, Charlie. I assure you, my Father is utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, as am I.” Castiel says sadly. “There is nothing in any legitimate book of the Bible that prohibits homosexual relations. The Word has been corrupted by evil men for their own ends. That is a true sin. Perhaps the Commandments were unclear...”
Trust an angel to just spit it right out. Well, Dean Winchester’s never been a coward. He may not be as smart as Sammy, but he's smart enough to know a good thing when he sees it. He finishes tying his belt and takes Castiel’s hands in his.
“If you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.” Charlie says in a small, polite voice as she turns on her heel and speed walks toward the bedrooms.
“It all came back to me when I woke up a little bit more after wakin’ up on that hard ground out there.  Dyin really takes it out of ya!” Hercules barks out a laugh and stretches theatrically.
“Alright, let’s go see what the damage is.” Bobby turns and opens the back door, Rufus right behind him.
“Hey, watch it asshole, I don’t have another flannel left!” Claire edges around, keeping her bloody arm in the vampire’s eyeline to piss him off and hopefully make him do something conveniently stupid. The one thing you could always count on with vampires was the bloodlust turning them into mindless dicks.
Leaving Castiel to look back and forth between the brothers and Charlie’s rapidly retreating small form, gauging what remains of the battlefield. To his left, Sam and Dean are still tangled up. That situation is assuredly going to end in either verbal or physical combat, possibly both– and as neither of them appears to be cursed or possessed, that situation doesn’t require his intervention.
Except it doesn’t hamper Rowena in the least. She huffs at him testily, but it seems like it’s more for form’s sake than anything else. The witch still sounds positively jubilant. “Weel ye’d better put stoppin’ by yer secret library on yer agenda then.”
Charlie reaches for the purple bag, then hesitates. “Is it okay if I smoke? It's totally fine if you say no, I won’t be upset. Some people aren’t cool with it, like religious people or cops, and I have no idea if heaven has like a drug-free workplace policy or anything...” She rambles nervously.
“Oh shit!” Bobby cups his hand around his mouth and hollers “Hey Rufus, can you grab that book of Enochian poems on my desk for Ash? Thank ya!”
Catching his breath, he finally gets himself under control. “Okay, so, you’re like an hour out? Cool, I’m gonna call Garth back and grab a shower. On second thought I’ll call Garth back after the shower. That could take a while.” Sam stands up and stretches.
Claire almost never came this far south. This part of the country was infested with especially weird supernatural shit. She had learned the hard way that no matter how routine a hunt looked it was inevitably going to be complicated by some element of fuckery down here. The witches around here were absolutely the worst. They were all up to some blood-soaked bullshit that involved baby parts. Every single one was batshit crazy and twice as nasty as the usual witch. Everything about hunting in the southeastern US was just a little too gross for Claire. She hated the heat. And the bugs. And the snakes. And the gators. And the swamp smell. Plus, the humidity was a bitch on her hair and makeup. No thank you, she’d stay up north with the clean snow that made tracking easy.
Castiel looks at her seriously. “It was extremely acrimonious. I was concerned that there may be violence, but Dean disengaged and stormed out.” he sighs. “I can only surmise that this entire situation has something to do with human psychology and that is not my area of expertise.” He shakes his head.
Sam turns the sound and flash off on his phone. He wishes he had time to go get his good camera but there’s no time to lose. Either of those two could wake up at any moment. He may never get another chance this good to capture the proof that destiel finally went canon.
As they reach the mouth of the alley, the parade is at its apex. A drumline reverberates from down the street. Clouds of glitter and bubbles are floating everywhere. Britney Spears’ “Gimme More” is blasting from a pink feather-bedecked float crewed by the Baltimore Flamingos Gay Rugby Club. People wearing rainbow everything or not much of anything at all are dancing enthusiastically. A combination of booze, cigarettes, weed, and that ever-present Baltimore Harbor muck scent permeates the air.
“Hey, hey, sweetheart, it’s okay. It’s okay.” Dean says in his best victim comforting voice, the one he uses with traumatized children. " I'm not mad that you healed me, angel. I feel fucking great! You're always doing thoughtful shit like that. Me and Sam, we appreciate everything you do for us, man. I don't say thank you enough because I'm an asshole. You didn't do anything wrong. It's okay."
“It’s very colorful. The human predilections for music, dancing, debauchery, and nudity have remained consistent as a component of celebrations, although bonfires and animal sacrifice seem to be out of fashion.” Castiel observes the spectacle impassively like he’s watching a nature documentary. “I see many decorations with “Pride” written on them. What does this festival celebrate?”
Charlie’s heart starts beating overtime, fight-or-flight instinct firmly set to “flight”. This morning’s mimosas threaten to make a reappearance. Metaphorical klaxons blare and emergency lights start spinning.
“Fuck yeah, they’re real. Samsquatch wouldn’t lie about this. Quit stalling and give me my loot. Now, Balthazar.” Gabriel’s voice thunders slightly on the last word and the shadowy outlines of each of his six wings just barely become visible. The music changes again, this time to “Down with the Sickness” by Disturbed. A low sound of distant thunder rolls through the space.
Just as he stands up to tie the sash, Dean realizes the gravity of what he said. Panicked, he word vomits. "I mean if that’s that okay. Not telling people about our sex life, because that's just gonna happen. I meant about the boyfriend thing. If that's okay. If I'm moving too fast for ya, just say so. I'm not gonna be mad. We don’t have to be exclusive or anything if you're not into that. It's cool. Whatever you want. Just let me know. You don’t have to decide right now -”
After musing on the advantages of skirts over pants for some time, Castiel hears someone trying very hard to be very quiet and very sneaky while approaching their door. It's Sam. The angel grows concerned. Was the case truly urgent? Should he get up and wake Dean? Nothing about Sam’s breath or soul indicates that he is in distress, although Sam's heart is beating a little more rapidly than it does normally. And he does smell coffee. PerhapsSam is simply checking to see if his brother has awakened.
“No, we all have our own duties to attend to in order to keep heaven functioning smoothly. Traditionally, the Archangels led the divisions of labor, so to speak. I was a soldier, as most seraphs were. I served with my Legion until I was made Commander of my own Flight, under Michael.” he stops, glancing over to see Charlie looking shocked.
She continues. “My guess is that Dean’s afraid to let anyone know that he’s bi. He's almost definitely got lots of nasty childhood exposure to homophobia rattling around in his melon. I mean look at how he grew up, yanno? It’s also possible that Dean got caught sniffing around dudes when he was younger and got the shit kicked out of him, I know his father was an asshole.”
The afternoon sun slanted across the patio. White-jacketed waiters are buzzing around the moguls making movie deals at tiny metal bistro tables. Around the hedge line, a famous couple who aren’t married to each other try to stealthily sneak off for a quickie in one of the fashionable bungalows. And in a strategically positioned lounge chair, a curvaceous middle-aged matron pretends to read Life magazine while taking it all in for her gossip column.
Balthazar signaled a waiter for another drink. This heaven was the happy place of a B-list movie actress known for her scream (and her perfect derriere). Every day is a perfect Friday afternoon in this shrine to Hollywood’s Golden Age. The scenery was delightful, he had to admit that. It was the main reason he’d taken to spending his cocktail hour on the sun-drenched lanai of the legendary Beverly Hills Hotel at its most glamorous. The dedicated voluptuary had a weakness for men in narrow-lapeled suits with rugged, square-jawed All-American style. Closet cases the lot of them (which did not make sense in heaven), but passionate and charming nonetheless.
He makes a beeline for the group, half-waving when he spots Charlie and Castiel. “Hey Cas, Hey Charlie! So, get this I think I found - “
“Jesus dude, are you a fucking cat? Oh my god, he scratched me again, Alex! What a fucking asshole!” Claire exclaims, signature “over it” look in full effect as she sneers at him. Seeing the slice in the shoulder of the vampire’s jacket, Claire smiles, pleased that she got a shot in when she wasn’t even trying.
“Thank you, Charlie, but I do not usually keep my wings on this plane. I do not require assistance with them.” the Angel looks down at his glass. “Sowing my wild oats as you say is not something that I have had occasion to discuss with Sam, but I would trust in his discretion like I am trusting in yours. Also, for the record, I am indifferent to gender or sexual orientation in a potential partner.”
“Calm down, Bobby you’re gonna have a fit. Damn, man. Tell me how ya really feel about it.” says Rufus soothingly.
Realizing that he is out of options, Balthazar raises his hands in surrender and gestures to the nearby table that he’d been occupying. “Certainly, brother. Why don’t you have a seat and contemplate where you would like to go for the evening. Renaissance Venice, perhaps?” He smiles warmly.
“I know, right I swear, I almost fell the fuck over. I’m really glad I didn’t make a noise or anything.” Sam drops the dirty filter in the trash and empties the old coffee out of the pot. Filling it back up with water, he heads back to fill the coffeemaker.
“As in “thankfully, Dean hasn’t talked about his adventures with dudes or acted on it” in front of you? I thought you were indifferent to sexual orientation?” She rasps the last phrase out in an imitation of Castiel’s gravelly tone.
“This is your medieval live-action role-playing festival, yes? I’m not certain why anyone would want to reenact that time in human history, but a change of scenery will probably be a good idea if Dean is “off on a bender” as appears to be the case.” He gestures to the road that Baby just raced down. “Do I need to bring any equipment besides my sword?”
Castiel looks startled. “That is absurd. Lucifer loathes humans. I can assure you with complete certainty that he is not involved.” he tells Charlie, sincerity all over his face.
This is the most dangerous part. Sam knows that Dean is an extremely light sleeper. He’s also got a gun under his pillow. Sam has never seen an angeled-up Cas sleep before so that’s a wild card. He might not even actually be asleep, just meditating or communing with the universe or something.
Upon his arrival, Sam discovered that Dean’s door was cracked just a smidgen. That explained the noise level from the night before. The rooms were fairly soundproof unless the doors weren't closed tightly, and Dean’s wasn’t. Sam pushed the door open, choice words for his brother cued up ready to go. However, as he took in the scene in Dean’s bed, his indignation turned to shock. Those words died on his tongue. His jaw dropped. He froze, completely blue screening. Holy shit.
“Now pay up!” he says. Balthazar turns to look at his brother. Gabriel is wearing a white polyester Hawaiian shirt with pink and green hula girls splashed across his chest. His lower half is clothed in an eye-melting combination of an Egyptian linen kilt and a pair of 1980’s style OP electric blue board shorts, neon green trim accenting the pallor of Gabriels’s scrawny, plucked-chicken legs. He has no shoes. Atop the Archangel’s head is an enormous straw sombrero with “Happy Birthday” embroidered on the brim. The hat has been accented with a heaping handful of Mardi Gras beads and a giant peacock feather.
Michael and Lucifer are perched on boulders in the cage, playing cards. The cliff face next to them bears an uncountable number of tally marks. While their powers are dampened in this prison, they can conjure up a few small things. Like this Uno deck. Lucifer had discovered the game when he was on Earth during the last apocalypse, immediately drawn to the chaos it caused. It ruthlessly turned friends and family against one another. He suspected that one of the smarter demons must have invented it. He’d introduced Michael to Uno after Sam Winchester was rescued by that infernally annoying little brother of theirs, Castiel, robbing the archangels of their chief source of entertainment. Lucifer knew from long experience that Michael had a few weaknesses that could be exploited, and one of them was his almost obsessive love of games. It didn’t really matter what the point of the game was, as long as it had ironclad rules and clear victory conditions, Michael was in. He just couldn’t resist competition.The two archangels generally spend their days focused on a game, and today is no different. When Benny’s prayer transmits across Angel Radio, they simultaneously pause and look up at each other, startled. Castiel, congratulations on finally consummating your union with Dean.
“Stop putting yourself down, Cas. You’re awesome. You’re the best Angel, because you actually love humanity like you’re supposed to.”
The room was in chaos. The sink was shattered and only the faucet and pipes were still attached to the wall. The empty shell of the mirror and the broken frames of Dean's family photos listed drunkenly from their hooks. Everything that had been on the dresser and desk was strewn about like there’d been a twister. The whole room, except for the bed, was liberally sprinkled with shards of glass. Sam’s nose was assaulted with the scents of sex and spices featuring a top note of petrichor. Then, he fled.
“Mm-mm, no way bitch! You owe me fifty crisp, green dollars and a car wash, sister of mine.” Claire takes two fast steps forward in what looks like a missed charge. The vampire smiles and shows her his teeth, growling. He’s way more interested in trying to freak her out than paying attention to his surroundings. Perfect. One more little adjustment and she’ll have him boxed in by the fireplace and the bookshelf in a sea of debris.
“I know right? It’s about fucking time. No, I didn’t mean it...Dammit, Charlie. You know what, fuck you. Dammit! You’re as bad as Dean.” he dissolves in laughter for a minute and leans against the counter.
“Of course!” says Chuck, plating two portions of pancakes. He strolls over to the table just as a fresh pot of coffee manifests itself next to the vase of orange plastic flowers. He fills his cup and Amara’s adding a splash of honey to his from a beehive-shaped ceramic dish. Amara takes hers black. Chuck lifts his “World’s Greatest Dad” mug up for a sip, smiling.
Balthazar gulps. It can be easy to overlook the absurdly powerful archangel under Gabriel's Trickster schtick. The last archangel left in Heaven may be the weakest, relatively speaking, but he is far from weak. Balthazar might as well be a cupid next to Gabriel - and making false promises was his brother’s pet peeve.
She opens her mouth to ask Castiel for more information about the nature of souls, but what comes out instead is “Why did you say “thankfully”?
“Dean you sent him to pick me up, and that’s where I was. I told you that on the phone. It was completely  PG; we were in an alleyway away from the parade.  Don’t be  a dick.”
“Now I know you’re fucking with me, Angel. I’m not that drunk”. Charlie’s eyes go wide. “Oooh, I just had the best idea. Why don’t you take next weekend off from babysitting these losers and come to Moondoor with me?” She bounces in her chair with excitement.
“Hey, babe, have you seen my phone? Sammy might have texted me the article where he found the case.” Dean rummages through the pile of clothes at the foot of his bed. "I hope you'd didn't vaporize it too."
* being a dick! There’re fucking demons running around doing who-the-fuck knows what because we can’t get the fucking map table to work, and you just had to flounce around your fucking Pride parade with an Angel of the Lord. Dammit Charlie!”
Prayers aren't just between an angel and the supplicant. They're broadcast on Angel Radio, and everyone's tuning in for this show,
Charlie heard rustling behind her, but she didn’t bother sitting up from her crumpled heap on the bed. She’d heard the polite knock on the door too, but she didn’t feel like moving.
“Come on Castiel, are we really that embarrassing? I thought we were one big delightfully dysfunctional Addams Family here in our creepy underground lair!” She playfully pokes Castiel in the arm, pouting with fake hurt. “I’ll be on my best behavior; I won’t even talk! And I’ll wear a dress!”
Just as Sam suspected, Dean wasn’t alone, and that’s where things went off the rails - horribly, dreadfully, nightmarishly, next-stop-Hell off the rails. Sam made a wounded sound remembering it and hunched down, banging his head on his folded arms like he could shake the memory out of his brain. Oh no, Sam Winchester’s luck wasn’t that good. He slowly sat back up, gulped down the rest of his second beer and got up to grab a third. Realizing that the beer wasn’t helping, Sam bypassed the fridge and grabbed the whisky. Fuck a glass. Sliding to the floor by the kitchen island, the instant replay of everything he’d seen in HD started again.
He’s swirling the dregs of his drink, just beginning to consider whether he wants to pick up someone here for an amorous adventure or skip over to Studio 54 in his second favorite heaven when the prayer comes through on Angel Radio: Castiel, congratulations on finally consummating your union with Dean. I know he loves you and I think you will both be very happy. Best wishes to both of you, my friend.
“Fuck yes I’m glad it finally happened.” Sam's phone beeps. He transfers it to his other hand, almost dropping it, then peers at the screen, brow wrinkled with concentration. Sam doesn’t want to admit that he needs the glasses hidden in his desk drawer. Dean would never stop making digs at him.
“Naw, that ain’t happenin’. I ‘spect Lars’ll be around shortly.” says the older male vamp as he slides through the crack in the rockface.
Benny took the file with all the addresses of the stores Dean just printed. “Okay so I take Novak, go to the stores, and you go to the victim’s house?”
Dean looked back at Cas and stopped to think for a second. He wanted to get to know the guy more and he wanted their work to flow smoothly, so maybe bed could wait.
“How about… ‘You are my sunshine’ by Johnny Cash? You know that one?” Cas took another sip of his water.
She seemed really unbothered by the fact that he was actually missing. She kept eyeing Dean which he didn’t fight since his mind was focused on a totally different person. And women flirting with him wasn’t an uncommon thing so he just got used to not paying attention to it. Plus sometimes it was helpful.
“Why would you think they are for my partner?” Dean’s eyes shot up to Castiel’s, immediately feeling lost in them. “Not that I… have… one.”
The sight of Cas sitting on one of the benches in front of Dean’s office made his heart melt. He suddenly felt relieved, calmed by the fact that his partner was sitting right there, instead of beat up and tied to a chair. Dean quickly shook off these thoughts instead focusing on the way Cas’ messy hair fell on his forehead. The way his fingers were wrapped around his pencil, drawing away in his sketchbook. The way his eyebrows were clenched together, tongue drawing out every now on then to wet his lips. If it weren’t for the work they had, Dean could just stand there and watch Cas draw for hours. Or have Cas draw him instead. God he could only dream about that. He could only imagine himself drawn in the sacred sketchbook, as he called it, the fine dark lines of the pencil defining his face, his body.
Even if Dean sounded like a little fanboy right now he didn’t care. Artists were really underappreciated these days and even if Cas didn’t consider himself as one, he was. He might not make money from it but that didn’t mean he wasn’t an artist. Plus Dean didn’t know where this, somewhat flirty compliments, would take him to so he didn’t care how he sounded.
case, was what they called it, was one of the most bizarre cases Detroit has ever had. A group of teenage kids had been camping when they decided to explore and found an abandoned house. Inside one of the rooms they found a man laying on a table in the center of the room, fully clothed. If it wasn’t for the smell they’d think it was just a homeless person. When police arrived they were to find that it was actually a decomposing body with the cause of death being a slipped throat. But the most interesting part was that after the autopsy they discovered the man had no organs. Instead he had been filled with cotton, his organs nowhere to be found except for the heart. No weapon at the crime scene, no blood. This was clearly a mastermind’s doing, to leave no evidence and to be so precise. A sick mastermind.
The store Dean just parked in front of didn’t look very big. It looked like a normal local store that people went to buy small things from. When they entered the store to their left, Benny was behind the cashier, looking at something on the computer. When he noticed someone came in he shot his eyes up at them.
Dean looked up at him but Cas was looking out of the window and into the foggy night. Dean didn’t know what to say to that - or he did - but he didn’t know if it was the right thing to say. He liked Cas’ scar. He thought it suit him, his character. He didn’t know the story behind it and he was sure the story wasn’t pretty but that doesn’t mean Cas wasn’t as well.
“Son of a bitch.” He breathed heavily and sighed in frustration. He took off his jacket and looked around the kitchen. He saw some syringes on the counter and figured this was just a drug hideout.
They all decided to sit at Benny’s favorite place, which looked pretty much like a coffee shop that also serves drinks. It was pretty cozy, the lighting was really nice and the rain that was pouring outside made it even better. They sat at one of the tables near the mirror and Dean got some flashbacks of the night Cas decided to leave all of a sudden. Both Benny and Cas took their jackets off and Dean’s eyes fixated on the man’s ripped arms again. He was with the same black shirt as that night. It was illegal to be so attractive. Dean was already in his T-shirt only so he sat down.
All he wanted now though was to go home, go in his bed and fall asleep. They were pretty much done already and half of the crew had already gone home or got back to the Department. He was talking to Benny, explaining him everything he knew about tonight. Just as Benny was getting ready to leave, Cas approached them.
The next few pages had pretty similar drawings on them. It was either angels, drawn in various poses, shape and forms. Or demons – or what seemed like demons – with beautiful black horns. He had drawn forests, castles, fairies. Dean was in awe looking at all of these drawings. He was really focused on one of the demons – an attractive looking male with some really sharp face features, with black horns and glowing yellow eyes.
It was a beautiful Sunday morning, the sun gleaming through Cas’ blinds. He lived alone and his apartment wasn’t that big but he had everything he needed. He was browsing through his laptop when he got an email from Color Your Dreams, the club he was taking part in. He squinted his eyes, brought his coffee cup to his lips and started reading.
Right now though Dean was tired and he needed to get some sleep, because tomorrow they finally had some concrete evidence to go through. He took a hot shower, snuggled in his bed sheets and fell asleep.
There were so many things Dean wanted, he wanted Cas to touch him, he wanted to feel his lips on his own, he wanted to taste Castiel’s precome on his tongue. He must be huge, judging by the weight of that cock against him. Dean even wondered if he can take that in his mouth, let alone his ass. But God did he want to. And he was going to, no matter the cost.
Dean felt breathless. His heart started beating faster than ever, knees weak. His hands were trapped between him and Castiel and he didn’t even dare move. They were so close, dicks almost rubbing against each other and he could practically feel Cas’ breath on his lips.
Dean had his gun out just in case while Castiel tried to get the back door open. The house looked normal, cared for. The grass looked like it had been cut not long ago, the back yard had a hammock swing attached to one of the trees, barbeque not too far from it and a little table with a book and some papers on it. It looked really nice and if it wasn’t for the reason that they were there, Dean would think someone would come out of the front door with tea and biscuits in their hands.
There was no point replying to him so he just put on his uniform, grabbed the sandwich he had made himself the night before and headed to work.
hey all i'm sorry for the lack of chapter last week and i'm also sorry that this one is so short! i started uni last week so my mind is still occpied with that stuff but i also didn't want to not post this week as well. so uh i hope you enjoy this messy chapter and i promise to make it up to y'all soon
“You can take a look at it, uh… I got some new information today about a case back in the 90’s that was pretty similar to this one so we think it might be a copycat.”
Dean’s hand somehow found its way on Cas’ t-shirt just above his abdomen, tugging slightly on it. He licked his lips slowly when he suddenly felt the heat of Cas’ full lips against his own. The touch soft and tender, blossoming against his skin. The hand that was on Dean’s shoulder was now on the side of his neck, fingers slightly pulling at the back of his hairs. The kiss was slow and steady, until Dean drew out his tongue for a permission to taste something more. Dean’s hand on the agent’s t-shirt hardening its grip, pulling him tighter, closer.
Cas seemed to really think about it which was taking too much time and it was starting to get on Dean’s nerves. Just when he was about to say ‘forget it’ Castiel started talking.
Cas opened his mouth and their tongues met, exploring each other. Dean’s heart felt like it was going to beat right out of his chest. If the initial kiss felt like a flower blossoming then this felt like a whole garden. Dean was now leaning against Cas, almost all of his weight bracing on his grip and Cas’ hand in his neck. When Cas finally broke the kiss to take a breath, Dean suddenly felt empty without the fullness of Cas’ tongue and the feel of his lips. They were both breathing heavily, catching their breaths, eyes closed. When they calmed down Cas’ fingers gripped Dean’s arm that was still holding onto his t-shirt and his blue, sparkly eyes met with Dean’s green ones.
“And the new information?” asked Novak and Dean handed him the folder. He took it kind of hesitantly and it was like he didn’t want to open it and was waiting for Dean to give him more information. “Mind if I make copies of these and bring them back later?”
The compliment made Cas chuckle, which made Dean’s smile even bigger. Cas knew Dean wouldn’t mind him coming on him, but it was really nice that he apologized because not everyone would even think to do that. Especially after
“You said your husband visited the bar with friends but this footage showed us something else.” Cas explained and as he pulled out his phone out of his pocket to show a snip of the footage his whole body moved, making his knee brush over Dean’s which totally didn’t make his heart flutter.
Dean was really glad to hear that. Him and Eileen have been together for a year and she has made a really big impact on Sam’s life. Ever since he met her he’s been more cheerful. Happier.
When he finished showering he went to check on his phone and found a message from his assistant Benny.
“Thank you.” he put away his notebook and took the cup with both his hands and started blowing slightly on the hot coffee. Yep that totally didn’t make Dean’s butterflies in his stomach go on fast mode.
Dean’s dick was twitching between his own legs, his knees probably already starting to bruise up. But damn did it feel good. Dean felt good being on his knees, pleasing his partner. Pleasing Castiel. And the sounds Castiel made, Dean never wanted to stop. He was moaning against the man’s dick, tasting his precome and swallowing every bit of it. Cas was practically fucking his mouth at this point, both hands on each side of Dean’s face, eyes glued on Dean’s.
The moment he sat on his chair desk he knew this was going to be a long day. He pinched the bridge of his nose and opened up the case file. Before he could go through it again, he needed some protein in his body so he opened his sandwich and took a bite.
“I must admit, your pieces are beautiful man.” Dean was admiring every piece Cas had hung up on his wall. He had quite a lot and all of them he was really proud of.
Dean’s apartment wasn’t that big, or so he thought. The big white hallway was the first thing you walked into when you entered Dean’s home. It was modern, with a big mirror attached to the left wall, with some shelves under it and some paintings and decorations on the continuation of the wall as well. A stripped blue rug was laid across the tiles on the floor. You could see the kitchen table from the front door, which was also connected with the living room. Down the hallway to the right into another small corridor was Dean’s bedroom and the bathroom. Inside the bathroom there were two doors, one leading to the corridor and the other to the bedroom. The bed was a king size one, of course, the wooden wall behind it giving the room a cozy feeling. There was a big TV in front of it, shelves and decorations all around it, the bathroom door to the right. Dean also had a little desk next to the bed and a big wardrobe with sliding doors on the opposite side. The windows were from ceiling to floor with big black curtains. Dean lived on the 11
“Uh… Lindsey. And the missing person is my husband. Paul.” she played with one of her bracelets while talking, barely even looking up at them.
He let out a long breath as he was closing the door. A lot to think about. Today was crazy, in all aspects of the word. They finally got a lead on the case and he just had an amazing time with his partner. Plus what Cas told him about his scar… He couldn’t even imagine what was going on through his head. Or his soul. And he didn’t even know the full story. But he knew enough to understand Cas a little bit more. When Cas told him he drew to escape the real world maybe this was why.
“Well, I am.” Dean said without hesitation. It was almost like his body said that on its own and not really him. But Castiel’s pieces were stunning and they really made Dean have some kind of feeling in him. “I mean your stuff they are… they are great, Cas. And I’d definitely have something like that hung up on my wall.”
Maybe Cas didn’t want to show him. Maybe they were too personal to him and he just crossed a boundary he didn’t mean to cross.
“Uh… rough. I mean… not too much but a little too much for my liking. Metal is a bit too sharp.” Dean made sure to drop his voice on
“I wanted to know how I would look like.” Castiel’s voice suddenly drew Dean out of his thoughts, catching him off guard. It sent shivers down his spine and he shifted in his seat. “Without it.”
“What? What does the FBI want with this case? Don’t they have enough on their plate to start jumping in on our case?” he could feel his palms starting to sweat again and he started feeling anxious. He was angry and you could tell by his voice and change of tone. He really didn’t like when people were questioning his motives for his work and the FBI were just these kind of guys.
“Well this kind man here, Tommy, said a man bought 10 big packs of cotton four days ago.” he motioned with his hand to Dean and Cas to come around next to him. “And he showed me the CCTV, even though it’s slight blurry and you can’t see much since the guy’s wearing a hat.”
Cas looked like he didn’t hear him as it took him a few seconds to look at Dean and respond to the question.
The man skipped through the footage, with nothing more different than they already saw. When the time hit 2:17AM and Paul had been sitting in the same spot for 3 hours now, a man suddenly sat across from him. The man was still skipping through it so Dean told him to go back a bit.
“There is nothing to be sorry about, Cas.” he managed to find a tissue in his back pocket. “Hey look at me.”
Dean looked at him for a second but then replied “Sure.” and Castiel was about to leave when Dean remembered he doesn’t actually have his phone number. “Hey, um agent? A phone number would be nice.”
Benny was telling them a story about how as a child he got caught drawing graffiti under some bridge by the police and now he was a police officer himself. They all laughed and smiled, even Cas, which Dean found really cute and made his heart skip a few beats.
Jody Mills was one of the best evidence technicians Dean has ever had. She worked fast and with efficiency. You could tell she absolutely loved her job and she didn’t complain over how much work she had like some previous technicians. She had been worked for the department for the past three years and Dean already knew she was the best they’ve had. Some would argue that Dean didn’t require a lot of people. He didn’t have much workers. But in fact he just had less people, but they were the best at doing their jobs. For him it was better to have quality over quantity, which was part of the reason he risked his life as an officer everyday as well, instead of just being the head administrator and a public face of the department. People would say he was being unprofessional but he didn’t care. He cared about helping people more than just sitting in his office all day.
He headed towards the living room and found Cas looking at something on the table. When he approached him he saw it was a book.
Cas saw him looking and when he looked away again he had this slight smirk on his face that made Dean’s palms sweat. Or was he just imagining it? He had never seen the guy smile before and this wasn’t even a smile he just had the corner of his lips up a little bit.
They were running in silence, Dean admiring the way Cas’ hair was moving up and down, sticking to his sweaty forehead. Dean usually worked out but he was nowhere near Cas’ skills. It was like the man had been running his whole life, he didn’t even hitch a breath. Plus Cas’ body was pretty distracting which didn’t make Dean run any faster. He was falling behind though so he picked up his pace, Castiel now a couple of steps in front of him.
“Actually it’s two news. And I went to grab these.” Benny put some new folder on Dean’s desk with a seal SOLVED on top of it. “So... I found out that there was actually a similar case like ours back in the 90’s. In 1997 to be exact, a body of a woman was found near a river with a strangulation signs on her throat and no organs inside her.” He looked up at Dean to check if he was listening. Dean shot his eyebrows up to hint Benny to continue. “After her the killer had 5 more victims, only women, making this a serial killer case. He was later captured and sent to prison for life but a year after that he committed suicide and passed away in the hospital.” Benny stopped for a minute to look at his chief again and catch his breath from what he just read. “Pretty bizarre right? I’m thinking this is a copycat? Some sick fuck that has this person as an idol or some shit.”
“It’s okay, just calm down. Breathe.” Dean took a deep breath himself, showing Cas to do the same. His hands working over Cas’ one with the tissue. “That’s it. Just look at me.”
“Wha – uh, yeah. Yeah, of course.” Dean looked out the window and it looked like it had stopped raining. Cas started putting on his trench coat, Dean admiring his body. It was a good thing they were going for a walk because Dean was starting to feel his cheeks heat up.
Castiel was resting his forehead on Dean’s, blue eyes staring into green, both of them moaning, mouths hanging open.
He was still very bluntly staring at him, like he tried to remember every little detail. He didn’t know what to say either so the situation got even more awkward. His eyes traced down to Cas’ neck. He didn’t like staring at his mark because Cas would probably think he was judging him which wasn’t like that at all. He was just curious about it. And it looked hot on him.
When Jo gave him the drive he was surprised that they had send it in so early in the day, but he wasn’t going to complain. His charms seemed to work on that bartender girl Dean had already forgotten the name of.
He had a slight smile on his face and Dean in no way wanted to ruin that with the story of his awful dream. He smiled back and took one of the cups.
Tommy played the footage and their thoughts matched with it. It was the same guy from the bar. Same clothes, same cap. The only difference was that it was slightly bit more zoomed, equally bad camera quality. Dean left out a breath, which looked like he was holding in for a while and then left out a chuckle. Benny narrowed his eyes at him.
“Sure.” Cas nodded and headed towards the big living room. He was still as quiet as before. The whole ride to here he didn’t say a word nor complaint about Dean’s music like every other person that gets in his car. And the bandage around his palm? He was fine the day before so it must’ve happened during the night or early in the morning. Either way why was Dean so concerned about it? It was probably nothing and he was just overthinking it.
“When did u learn to play guitar?” he sounded genuinely interested and it gave Dean butterflies in his stomach.
“You are so beautiful, so good.” Cas was close too, chasing his own orgasm as he was pounding into Dean. “Come for me, Dean.”
“Hey, Cas.” when Cas shifted his attention to him he continued. “Can I have a look at your notebook?”
“Uh just picking a few stuff.” Dean would lie if he said he didn’t feel his voice break at one of those words. But wouldn’t your voice also break?
Plus, some things about this entire state of affairs just aren’t adding up. He's almost certainly missed some nuance of human behavior again. Deciding that his duty lies with Charlie, the Angel escapes the poisonous atmosphere in the war room and goes to comfort her in a susurrus of wings.
His eyes cloud over with sadness. “On occasion, it becomes extremely difficult to mask my feelings and I have no choice but to withdraw from his company for a time. Regardless, I will continue to stay by his side in whatever capacity he will allow for as long as he will have me, in this world and the next.” Castiel opens two fresh beers, handing one to Charlie.
The angel pauses, stunned. How in the world could Benny Lafitte have found out about the evolution of his relationship with Dean? Castiel has never received a prayer from a monster before, let alone a prayer from a monster in Purgatory. He hadn't even thought that was possible. But that’s put out of his mind quickly when Angel Radio springs to life and his stomach drops. That prayer may have mentioned Castiel by name, but it wasn't directed to him specifically. Oh no, that prayer was broadcast to anyone tuned in to Angel Radio. That means that every angel in Creation has also heard Benny’s prayer - and now they all wanted to talk about it. Loudly.
Charlie throws her hands up in the air joyfully and hops to her feet, doing a little dance. “Aaagh, this is such a good idea! I’m heading to bed. Now I’m motivated to get that computer fixed and get home so I can go get our stuff together! This is gonna be awesome Cas!” She impulsively hugs Castiel before they part ways for the night, humming a sea shanty in a much happier frame of mind than they started out.
Charlie nods sharply, decided. “I tell you what. That’s a heavy load of issues you dropped right there, my friend. I’ll do my best to explain things to you if you want. But I’m not doing it sober. Why don’t you bamf over to the kitchen, grab some booze and meet me on the roof?”
“Bobby. BOBBY!” Rufus Turner stomps across the worn linoleum in the shabby kitchen. Stopping by the decrepit kitchen table, he sits down a bottle of golden-brown liquor. Rufus looks around wildly. Not seeing his target, he strides into the shabby living room. “Bobby Singer!” he yells, sticking his head into the man in question’s office through the open doorway.
“And we get ice cream. At that little place that you like in Vegas near the MGM Grand. Well, let’s go. I wouldn’t want you to think that I don’t keep my promises.” Chuck stands up and offers a hand to Amara.
“Ye don’t know! HA! Your squirrel and the wee angel have been up tae getting down, as they say these days. Samuel sent it round in the group chat, with pictures and everythin’!” Rowena’s amusement is evident as her laughter brays into her son’s space, setting Crowley’s teeth on edge.
“I appreciate the lesson, but I still do not understand what any of this has to do with Dean. I cannot believe that he would care at all about what society thinks of him. He is fearless, even when faced with mortal peril. He was rude to my Father to his face!”
Holly throws her arms around the newcomer. “Hercules, Jesus Christ, who the fuck was that girl? I was dead before I even turned around!” she exclaims as she releases him from the hug.
Charlie stuffs a hoodie in her bag and shoulders it. Tiptoeing to the door, of her room, she very gently cracks it open and peers out.
whispers the little voice in her head helpfully. Charlie wants to melt into the pavement, and not from the heat. It could not be any worse. She’s so mortified that she can’t even move, on the verge of passing out from abject horror.
“Even then. Rebuilding the Michael Sword to its full glory taxed all of Heaven. It took the combined energy of twin Angels, a Hand of God, the full might of the Host, and a direct channel from three Archangels to power his resurrection. The only way to ensure that such a complex working held fast was to seal it with very old magic, even for Angels. Creation magic. His soul and my Grace have been annealed on a fundamental level.” Castiel explains.
“Yeah that’s right. I got you. Whatcha gonna do about it, cat man? Huh? You gonna come scratch me again? Meow, bitch!” she chortles, swaying her balance a hair and adjusting into her defensive stance. Claire has almost got him in place, now she just needs to make it look like she’s just a little slowed down from her injury and trick him into making one more move. She lets her sword arm sag a bit, adds a little arm quiver. Blood is still dripping out of the scratch.
Balthazar perks up. There it is, the way for him to sidestep that ridiculous bet. Balthazar shakes his head. “No way, brother. That's impossible. Cassie told me about the contretemps he caused when Dean took him to a cathouse before the first apocalypse. Our poor, innocent brother couldn’t conduct a seduction if the order came down from Father himself!” Balthazar throws his hands up for emphasis.
“So, I see Sam and Dean’s conversation went well. Awesome, wow.” Charlie deadpans. Baby’s tires squeal as Dean angrily whips her around the corner onto the main road.
“I’m gonna go gank this last one and get out of here. I need the world’s longest shower. Hey, Jodie’s on that undercover thing this weekend, right? Awesome! If you see her before me, don’t tell her anything until I get home. I wanna see her face! Haha, ok. Bye.” she taps her earbud again. The clunk of her combat boot is loud in the quiet space as she steps onto the stairs in pursuit of the next vampire.
“Well, fuck Dean, I want to know more about them, Cas! Which reminds me, O Angel of Tears.” Charlie makes a little seated bow to the Angel with a flourish.
“So, this is what I think. My gaydar tells me that you’re right about Dean’s preferences. But, Dean doesn’t want anyone to suspect that, so he freaks out at anything queer-adjacent, like us going to a Pride festival. He piles on the anger and aggression to cover his ass. Grr.” Charlie makes a grumpy face and muscle arms. It makes Cas smile.
Even though it’s a hot day, Charlie shivers as static builds up in the air. It feels like the last few minutes before a thunderstorm breaks. She isn’t the only person noticing the disturbance either - some of the revelers nearby start looking around, unsettled by the strange energy.
“Hey Alex! You owe me fifty bucks, bitch. Dean and Castiel finally hooked up!” she cackles, readying her machete. The vampire charges around the corner, intent on surprising her. Except Claire’s the one handing out the surprises today. The lithe hunter easily sidesteps the charge and herds him toward the far wall. She takes a wide swing and misses deliberately, rotating her attacker just a little bit more. In a few more steps she’ll be able to trap the vampire in the wreckage of the bookshelves, fucking up his movement and taking away his speed and agility advantages. Then it’s smooth sailing to the head chop.
“Bobby!” His stentorian call reverberates off the paneling. He marches angrily back into the kitchen. Rufus slams the heel of his hand down on the scarred tabletop and sticks his head through the door into the hall. “BOBBY! Dammit, Bobby, where the fuck you hidin’!”He bellows.
Today's young women can do it all. Like killing vampires while talking on the phone with their sisters who now owe them money.
Balthazar idles by the pool in his current favorite heaven, soaking up the California sun, cigarette and mai tai in hand. Hiding from responsibility (and tiresome family drama) is his idea of a perfect day. Maybe with some congenial company. His bespoke dove grey suit is perfectly tailored, his snow-white shirt is crisp, his gold Ray-Ban aviators are perfectly polished. The angel glances at his elegantly understated gold Patek Phillipe watch and begins mulling over his options for the evening. The problem with Heaven isn’t that there aren't enough entertainment options to choose from. This is heaven; by nature, it is chock full of fantastic places to spend a day or three The problem was that all of those places were always the same, dragonflies caught in amber - and he was bored of every single one of them.
Dean notices that his words don't seem to be getting through to the angel, who is currently doing his best impression of a marble statue. He racks his brain trying to figure out what he did to freak Cas out this badly. A quick replay of the morning so far doesn't give him any clues as to what he could have said or done wrong. Then the penny drops. Sam. His angel is terrified that he's going to lose his shit and go ham on him because Sam saw them in bed together. Castiel really believes that Dean is just going to reject him and pretend nothing ever happened. Dean's heart breaks.
Inside is a surprisingly large, dry cave. Holly, a tall blonde female, and Diego, a short Latinx male, stand up from where they were sprawled on the ground and hurry toward the pair. Another figure rises too, still shrouded in shadows.
“Very sure, unfortunately. I wish I was at least part elf or something cool like that.” Charlie sighs.
“Very funny, Rufus. What, have you been down there hiding under his bed? Jesus, Rufus. I know you think you’re funny, but you can’t just go sayin’ things like that. One of these days you’re gonna kill me!”
Looking up from the book that he is writing in, Death pauses for a moment and smiles. It’s a terrifying sight. He plucks another taquito from the foam takeout container on his desk and resumes his work.
“Hey, Charlie. I guess you got my messages huh?” he smirks playfully. Then he moves the phone away from his ear as a high-pitched screaming squeal nearly blows out his eardrums. It sounds very close to an angel’s True Voice.
The worst movie trailer ever is now playing in her head on loop with awful clarity. Castiel is almost inevitably going to tell his best friend, the Narnia Hide-and-Seek All-Time Champion, all about his fascinating experiences at the Pride parade. That will immediately trigger Dean to pop off in a thermonuclear explosion of exaggerated redneck rage - and she has her suspicions why. But all she can do now is stand here and watch it happen.
Castiel shot his eyes up at him with a confused look as he saw the ice. Dean didn’t bother asking him first because he knew Cas’ reply would be ‘no need’ so he just didn’t ask.
The ride was pretty much quiet except the occasional awkward coughs Dean gave out. He wanted to keep the conversations for when they got to the bar and it seemed like Castiel didn’t want to say anything either.
The stranger got up and was ready to fight but Dean shot him a sharp stare, holding him by his collar. “Get. Lost.”
Dean was being drawn in more and more towards Cas’ art. There was just something about them. Something unique, different… Dean hadn’t seen anything like them before. And no he wasn’t overexaggerating. It just wakened a feeling in Dean no artist he’d seen before did. He turned the next page and there was a poem written on it this time.
Dean shrugged in frustration. “Nothing new as far as I know. The same old dead end we’ve been stuck on for a day.”
“So as you probably already saw, he was killed the same way as the first victim. He is sewed in the middle of his rib cages..” she gestured the marks “and I’d assume he has no organs again. The killer this time though was kind enough to leave us his ID so we don’t have to take samples of his fingerprints now.” She took it out of his pocket and handed it to Dean “The victim’s name is Andrew Carson. 34, unemployed.” Dean took a look at the ID.
Castiel opened his fridge to check what he had so he could cook something for him and Dean. “Thank you. I’ve loved drawing since I was little so it means a lot when people appreciate what I do.” It was true. Growing up everyone except his parents didn’t really believe in him. They didn’t think being an artist is a high paid job. And even if it wasn’t it didn’t matter to Castiel. He wanted to do what he loved and not what people wanted him to.
When they entered the house it was the exact same scene as a week ago. The smell of old furniture and mold on the walls was even stronger than the body. It was normal though since the body had no organs and it was cleaned like it was made to be a doll. Charlie was examining it when she saw Dean and Cas walking in.
“Hey.” said Dean with a smile to his low voice. He started walking towards Cas which made him even more nervous. “Nice drawing.” Dean pointed, stopping right next to it.
“Yeah. It was the ‘Bad Luck’ bar.” she scoffed a laugh and Dean could see she was on the verge of tears. “Great name for a bar, right?”
The man looked like he was about to argue but didn’t, instead spitting blood on the floor. He nudged out of Dean’s grip and left.
The coffee they had in the department was one of the best coffees Dean has ever tried. Everytime he bought coffee from somewhere else he regretted it because it could never top the one they have. He hated to admit it to himself but he was kind of an addict for that thing. But can anyone blame him? His job required him to be awake even when he was asleep. He grabbed two paper cups, filled them up and headed outside.
“Um, yeah, you just missed him. He didn’t say where he was going though. What’s up with the case anyway?”
Castiel commanded and sat on Dean’s bed, leaving him standing in the middle of the room, his cock hard and leaking in his jeans, neck marked.
They had a lot of missing parts on the case still. Jody was still finding information about the previous victim, Andrew. With the autopsy done, even though it told them nothing new, gathering information was the next step. They had to find some relatives of Andrew. There was no way he lived alone, didn’t have a job at the time being and had such a nice home to live in, without any debts. Receiving information about victims wasn’t as easy as in the movies. It required a lot more than just searching up a name in the engine and clicking a button. They had to be patient and work with what they had in store right now, deal with the information that came up eventually later.
But there’s a problem. Balthazar hates losing even more than he hates boredom. Although he knows exactly what his brother is talking about, and he did legitimately lose the bet, Balthazar is hoping that with enough distraction he can make Gabriel forget about it long enough for Balthazar to make an elegant escape. Although he’s not above simply fleeing with his tail between his legs, metaphorically.  If the archangel never catches up with him, he never has to pay off the ridiculous terms that he agreed to unwisely.
“Dean deserves to have you drink all of his good whisky tonight.” the Angel comments dryly. He retrieves the whisky bottle from Charlie and pours two generous measures, chilling the glass slightly with Grace as he hands her the drink.
“Get it? Burn Dean’s ass? Mmm-mmm, no way Cas is the bottom, Dean’s got way too much fake toxic masculinity wrapped up in his bullshit to be a top. My money’s on Castiel’s nailing him like Jesus to the cross!”
Then the penny drops for Crowley. Ignoring Rowena, he whips a second phone out of the inside pocket of his suit jacket and begins frantically poking at the screen. Within seconds, he finds what he was looking for. The group chat. With Sam Winchester, and various folks who have been impacted by the insane, never-ending unresolved sexual tension between the Angel Castiel and one Dean Winchester commiserate. It’s half support group, half planning group as they try to nudge those two into each other's beds and save what’s left of everyone’s sanity.
“You will pay me what I am owed, Lucifer or I will carve it out of your hide!” snarls Michael. His eyes begin to glow with ice blue Grace.
Charlie starts at the use of her government name, breaking free of her paralysis. “Thanks, Cas. You're a really good person. angel. friend...” she says, hugging him. He even remembers to hug back, but not too tightly, imbuing the hug with a touch of Grace to soothe her.
“Nope nope nope, you’re not weaseling out of this one, little bro!” crows the archangel. “You bet me a Hand of God, 1978 sesterces, 42.5 sheep and a night on the town of my choice that Castiel wouldn’t knock the bottom out of Dean-o before he took a permanent dirt nap, and you were wrong!”
Charlie freezes, her inner villain monologue interrupted by a detail in Castiel’s story that just sunk in. “You lost your twin rescuing Dean from Hell? Holy shit. Does he know about that? Does Sam?”
Dean's entire face lights up. "No way, babe. The lightbulbs yeah, but leave the picture frames. I need something to show off to people when I tell 'em that I'm so good in bed that I made my boyfriend lose control of his angel parts."
However, when Sam had gotten up to grab a fresh bottle of painkillers from the infirmary last night, he’d heard some unmistakable sounds coming from Dean’s end of the hallway. Dean had brought a conquest home and she was LOUD. Sam was mildly annoyed, but that wasn’t what was keeping him up and it certainly wasn’t worth a confrontation with Dean. Once he swallowed these pills, he’d drift off to dreamland undisturbed, so he decided to just be like Elsa and let it go.
Castiel sipped his whiskey. “Michael was the overall commander of Heaven’s armies after Lucifer Fell. Raphael had the command of the magic units. Gabriel was nominally in command of intelligence.”
“Heaven’s armies were originally under the command of both Michael and Lucifer. Michael was in charge of the rank and file, and Lucifer commanded the elites, what you would term a Special Operations force.” Castiel’s brow crinkles. “This is exceedingly difficult to explain in human terms.”
“If you want to talk about it, Cas, I’m here to listen. I like hearing about Heaven and your adventures and stuff. I bet your twin was badass like you.” Charlie pats the Angel on the arm encouragingly.
“Or not. Oh, this is so bad, Dean’s going to kill me.” Charlie mutters as she scurries toward Castiel, his long, sure strides moving him ever closer to the sinful spectacle.
“Oh, I remember it now, one of Gabriel’s gifts to humanity. It has a variety of medicinal purposes, but like anything to do with my brother, it comes with a price.” the Angel warns.
Almost. He’s still a little brother. Sam feels a moment of triumph as he cautiously backs away from the door. Phone in hand, he flees to his bedroom - and as soon as he’s safely behind the locked door, he starts typing.
“I put two and two together when I landed here.” He taps his head. “There’s only one hunter I know that goes around with an angel in his pocket. Dean Winchester. That’s where the girl learned her trade. In a way, we were killed by the Winchesters, even if they wasn’t there in the flesh.” Hercules smiles.
“Guess I will, since it looks like food just went to the top of my list. And coffee.” The hunter slides his feet into his favorite Scooby-Doo slippers. “Hey, what did Sam want anyway?”
Sam mused over it when he stopped off for some milk and a protein bar in the kitchen to anchor the pills. His brother had just started acting like himself again following his worst-ever-when-not-a-demon bender after Castiel’s most recent death. Thankfully, the Angel was back and with him Dean’s sanity. Sam was grateful that Dean was feeling better even if he was breaking one of their rules about the Bunker. All in all, he wasn’t looking a gift horse in the mouth. Hell was more pleasant than living with Dean for the preceding month.
“Charlie, are you unwell? Your heart rate is elevated.” the Angel reaches forward, fingers outstretched with concern. The light pulse of grace as he scans her for injuries shakes her out of her shock.
Dean and Castiel were entwined on the bed in a tangle of sheets. Dean was the little spoon. The angel had one great black wing splayed out over his brother, thankfully bringing the scene down to an R rating. A trail of clothes, shoes and buttons led from the door to the bed. Castiel’s tie was attached to the headboard, something Sam absolutely did not want to think more closely about. A purple bottle stood on the nightstand, a helpful clue just in case he wasn’t sure exactly what happened.
Charlie gulps. She’s trying desperately not to puke on the Angel’s shoes and/or faint. “That’s why I wasn’t worried about helping translate the Book of the Damned. I’m already damned. At least when I get to Hell, I’ll know people, am I right?” she tries for a chuckle, but it comes out as more of a choked squeak.
Waking up a little bit more, Dean props himself up on an elbow. “Was that Sam I heard bellowing earlier, or did I dream that?”
The inimitable sounds of Baby’s powerful engine interrupt their conversation as the garage door rolls open below them. The Grace-bright beams of the Impala’s headlights blaze into the Kansas night as she launches from the garage, the tell-tale thrum of Metallica’s “Blackened” spewing her driver’s anger like a flamethrower, leaving metaphorical scorch-marks in her wake.
Charlie wipes her wet hands on her jeans as she hurried out of the bathroom and onto 29th Street, because of course they were out of paper towels. Not that it mattered - she’d by dry soon enough. Baltimore Pride was always hot.
“Good to know, you’re an equal opportunity kind of dude. Being. Angel.” Charlie glances at Cast ruefully. “I noticed you left Dean out of that little speech. I’m guessing he doesn’t know either?”
The angry hunter takes a step back toward the table, bumps into a chair and kicks it over spitefully. “Did you bother to think at all? Like oh, I don’t know, maybe you shouldn’t fuck around because people are dying or maybe Cas doesn’t need to be exposed to that gay bullshit!”
“You bet your sweet bippy I have proof, buster. Check out these snaps of the two of them curled up as snug as bugs in a rug.” Gabriel dramatically brandishes his phone. He snaps his fingers, and a movie screen appears on the nearby hedge. The images that Sam sent in the group chat start playing in a slideshow.
She takes the beer, making a huffing sound “Even while he runs around fucking every woman that stands still long enough plus however many dudes he can fit in on the downlow? You’re cool with the pine from afar thing like Lancelot and Guenièvre? Oh, come on, Cas. For fuck’s sake!” she exclaims.
Castiel is anxious about how Dean will react when he finds out that Sam knows of the change in their relationship status. It is possible that Sam simply will not mention what he's seen out of politeness, or a desire to avoid unpleasantness. It is possible that Dean intends to keep this information private and hide it from his brother. Castiel does not relish the prospect of a relationship with Dean that is conducted on the “down-low” (he’d learned that from Orange is the New Black), but he would take whatever Dean was willing to give him. It is also possible that when Dean awakens, he will not wish to continue in their newfound intimacy. He may simply consider this a standard one-night event, akin to his relationships with the companions that he seeks out in bars. Another possibility is that Dean may have simply required the release of sex and Castiel was conveniently nearby. Or it is also possible that Dean might wish to acknowledge everything that had occurred and pursue a more serious relationship as mates. Castiel had grown skilled in determining Dean's possible reaction to many things, but this was well beyond the scope of his expertise. However, he considered that last possibility to be the most unlikely. No matter how it panned out, Castiel would never regret the prior night's events for one second. Being one with Dean even once was worth any sacrifice, even if he only got one night.
The vampire makes another swipe at Claire, catching the arm of her grey flannel overshirt with his gross claws. He snarls and bellows in frustration. Bless those layers.
“No thanks. After the whole garden thing, I lost my taste for fruit.” He shakes his head sadly, picking up his knife and fork. Chuck scoops some margarine out of the tub and begins buttering his pancakes. “So, what do you have planned for the day? I was thinking that we could go to -” he pauses, eyes flashing white for a moment.
This room looks like a run-of-the-mill storeroom, but it has a secret. Charlie walks over to a section of the wall and tugs on what looks like the chain to turn on the wall lamp – but instead of the ancient bare-bulb sconce lighting up, a section of the wall flips open revealing a flight of metal stairs that curls upward. Clambering up the surprisingly not rusty stairs, she pushes open a hatch at the top and alights on the bunker’s roof.
Stomping down the hall, he noticed that Castiel’s door was open on his way by. Sam spotted the trenchcoat thrown over a chair and two phones on the desk but there was no sign of the Angel. That was odd. Cas almost never took that coat off. However, he was significantly more pissed at his brother than he was concerned about Cas right now, so Sam pressed on, working up a head of steam for the ass-chewing he was about to deliver.
Of course, Castiel is aware of what will happen next, but not willing to do much about it. He knows that waking Dean abruptly into this probably stressful circumstance could be fraught with emotional chaos. So he simply remains still and feigns sleep, allowing Sam to see them in this compromising position. There's not really any explaining it away. From their obvious nudity and the bottle of lube on the nightstand to the glass liberally sprinkled around the room, not much was left to the imagination. The angel can hear Sam's quiet huff of surprise and see the flare of some unnameable emotion that briefly blooms in Sam's soul as clearly as though he were standing next to him.
The second rustle was accompanied by a tiny cough. Charlie still didn’t rise from her blankets. She’d speed-walked back to her room, climbed into her bed, rolled herself up into a blanket burrito and ugly cried. Now her face was covered with snotty tears and she had a headache.  Charlie felt the bed sink next to her and she was suddenly enveloped in the softest, fluffiest, most luxurious comforter ever. Every breath drew in the aroma of ozone and sweet herbs with a hint of incense - like a New Age tea shop by the sea. A whiff of peppermint coolness eliminated her headache, a soft silkiness dried her messy face and a note of lavender left her feeling calmer.
“I can’t calm down, Rufus. Do you know how many people I owe shit to now? I’m gonna have to go look at Ellen’s betting book to figure it out! That boy’s getting the rough side of my tongue when he gets here!” Bobby slams his jelly jar down hard.
“Oh Bobby, you love those boys. You wouldn’t have it any other way.” Rufus says walking out into the sun.
“I would never ask you to hide your light to impress one of my siblings, Charlie. You have a beautiful soul, and if they can’t appreciate that it is their problem.” Castiel’s face goes Angel-blank. “But that is not the reason. Cassiel is dead.” Lightning flashes in the distance. Charlie immediately remembers Castiel’s grand entrance in Book 4 of the Carver Edlund novels.
Charlie sits up and goggles at him, choking on whiskey for a second. “I swear to God, Cas, you’re gonna kill me with the fucking bombshells. I can’t believe those assholes didn’t tell me that you have a twin. When can I meet them?”
The evening before, the brothers had headed out for their version of a night on the town: beers and burgers at the local bar followed by some pool. But by 10 o’clock, Sam had started feeling the aftereffects of being thrown into a tree by a werewolf on their last hunt. After discovering that Dean was on a hot streak at the pool table, hustling a pack of obnoxious frat boys who were slumming it on a dive bar adventure, Sam had called a cab and headed home early. No harm, no foul. They needed the cash infusion and Dean was taking those assholes to the cleaners. There was something to be said for sharking marks you didn’t even have to feel guilty about.
“So, can we stop by my friend’s apartment on the way to the bunker? I’m going to be able to figure out what’s up faster if I have my own gear. Do I give you directions or just think about it really hard or what?” she says brightly, swinging their joined hands and hoping he won’t notice what’s going on outside of the alley.
“You haven’t answered my question. What is the “pride” element of the celebration? What is this festival in honor of? A great victory? Is this a battle flag?” he asks, waving the little flag.
Not wanting to take any chances, Sam takes a deep breath and holds it. Cas might be able to hear him breathe and it’s not worth the risk of alarming the angel. Like he’s photographing aggressive animals the intrepid hunter slowly lifts his phone up, zooms in a little and snaps the couple on the bed. Then he just holds the button down, panning around a little while taking a burst shot. Fuck it, he can just pick the best shots later, he doesn’t have time to be Ansel Adams.
“I am immune to human maladies, but I am concerned about the risk that smoking poses to your health.” Castiel looks at Charlie very seriously.
He's been a shitty friend and a shitty person in general if Castiel thinks that he'd do that to anybody, but especially him. How the fuck he got an angel to fall in love with him is still a mystery, but it's one he looks forward to solving. Dean hopes that he'll have years to work on it. For the first time in a long time, the first thing that he felt this morning wasn't self-loathing. It was contentment. He had a roof over his head and a fridge full of food. Sammy was doing great, he even had a girlfriend. The world wasn't ending. No big bads were fucking with them. Everyone who was supposed to be alive was alive, and everyone who was supposed to be dead was dead. No one was cursed, possessed or being held prisoner. He'd woken up in his own bed, with all his limbs attached and working, his ass cradled in memory foam and his angel wrapped around him. Everything he'd never given himself permission to want before was within reach. Now he just had to convince his angel of that.
“Um, yeah, I was meeting some friends, but it’s okay. It’s just a minor holiday, nothing to see, definitely no reason to go look at anything out there, let’s just hurry up and grab my stuff and get back to the bunker, we’ve got work do, right?” She tries to divert his attention again to no avail, as Castiel slips his hand out of hers and moves toward the parade.
“No,” Castiel says. He looks up at the sullen clouds, blocking out the starry Kansas sky. “We have been occupied with dire events; it was not of import. You are the first being that I have spoken to about losing them.” A light drizzle begins to fall. The wind kicks up another notch.
“Yeah, but they don’t gotta know that!” exclaims Bobby. They turn and start walking toward the Roadhouse bickering as usual.
“Maybe. I don’t think I want to know the answer to that, ya know?” Sam snorts again and chuckles. “Yeah, exactly. No thank you. Nope. That’s on a need-to-know basis and I don’t need to know. He pushes a button and starts the machine. Then he leans against the counter, hipshot.
“Not that angel, Bobby. The other angel. Castiel.” Rufus smirks because he knows exactly what’s about to happen.
“I did make a vow of devotion to Dean, but not a vow of chastity,” explains Castiel earnestly. “It would be deceptive for me to pursue someone who truly desires a serious relationship, because my Grace is already attuned to Dean, and that will never change. Our bond is unbreakable and eternal, whether Dean chooses to nurture it romantically or not.”
“We ain’t seen nobody else from the nest nowhere. Lars ain’t come through yet neither. Maybe he got away from that hellcat.” she tosses the words behind her as they slip between the rocks into the cave entrance.
“Yeah, I’ve been working on it for a day or two, and I’ve got nothing. It looks like Lucifer, and he’s definitely up to something big, but we can’t figure out what, or where the table is getting its information from, or if it’s even reporting activity on this plane. But get this...” continues Sam.
The Angel radiates righteous menace. Charlie swears she can see the shadows of wings behind Castiel as his blade drops into his hand. He looks like he’s about to start turning people into pillars of salt.
“Well simmer down. We’ll take care of it, Bobby. Let’s just go over to the Roadhouse and find out what’s what. C’mon.” Rufus stands up and pats bobby’s arm as he moves to put his glass in the sink.
Castiel breaks off when he sees that Charlie is staring at him wide-eyed. He can sense her primal fear and see the pall that it casts, dimming her usually shiny soul. Dean would be unhappy with him for upsetting her. He’s learned from his hunter training that pleasantries like jokes tend to make humans feel reassured, so he gives it a try.
The crazed vampire makes a move to grab Claire. Simple motherfuckers. Instead of being too weak to fight him off, she strikes him in the chin with the pommel of her machete, bloodying his mouth and snapping his head back.
“What? No, this motherfucker clawed me. I’m fine. It’s just a scratch because this vampire is a little bitch.” Claire taunts the vampire, gesturing with her blood-soaked sleeve. She sounds eerily like Dean Winchester.
“Right about what, Rufus? You ain’t makin’ sense. Of course, there ain’t too many things you’re right about either.” Bobby takes another sip of his beer.
Bobby comes back in the room with a slim bottle of Johnny Walker Blue Label whisky in one hand and a handle of Jack Daniel’s in the other.  He sits both bottles down and pulls a gnarled wooden captain’s chair out from the table. Sitting down heavily, he spots the drink and quickly tosses it back, then taps his glass on the table to indicate he’d like another.
Shocked silence freezes everyone in the room instantly as Dean’s lethal words ring out in the war room like gunshots, echoing off the concrete walls.
However, Charlie appeared deeply disturbed by her argument with Dean. Castiel understands. Dean can be very cruel in the heat of the moment. But Dean loves Charlie and will be consumed by self-recrimination when his temper settles.  He would want someone to look after her while she’s upset.
“What’s that, brother?” says a stocky male in Greek fisherman’s cap, stepping closer. He lifts his chin to flash his fangs and extends his hand toward Hercules politely. “I don’t b’lieve we’ve met yet, monsieur. I’m Benny.”
Amara snorts, making a sound that is a poor imitation of laughter.“I did. I told you this, but you did not believe me. I suspected that my nephew was more deeply tied to Dean than even we imagined.” She picks up her coffee and takes a sip, her expression as placid as a sheet of ice. “You know what this means, brother?” she raises an eyebrow as she looks across the table at Chuck.
“Oh goddammit, there’s another one. They’re like roaches, fuuuck.” Claire stomps angrily through the next doorway and into the butler's pantry just between the dining room and the kitchen. The kitchen door is hanging off its hinges drunkenly. She catches sight of the servant’s stairs that she was expecting.
He knew they had to get the job done though so when most of the blood was dry, he let go of Castiel’s hand.
He freed Dean’s hands from the wall and they immediately started undoing Castiel’s belt. Cas stopped kissing his neck and started walking them both towards his bedroom. Once the door was slammed behind them Cas’ hands were under Dean’s shirt grabbing everywhere they could. He stripped him out of it while Dean was getting rid of Cas’ jeans. Castiel broke the touch to take off his own shirt, which only left him in his boxers. Dean was standing at the end of the bed admiring the view, smirking like the little fucker he was.
Castiel said his goodbyes with Benny as well and it was just him and Dean now. Castiel was sipping his tea when Dean remembered he had promised him something. Okay maybe not promised, but he said he’d do it.
“My dad was the mayor so it made sense. A lot of people hated him. Ever since then I had to take care of my little brother. I found some mediocre job so at least we had some cash.” he tucked at his jacket sleeve and took another sip. “But then I was so angry and I was trying to find out who the killer was. I couldn’t, of course.” Dean let out a laugh. “And that’s how I decided I wanted to become a police officer. Long story short. If I couldn’t help my parents, at least help other people.”
was he dude he had to draw? Castiel felt his throat getting dry, his palms starting to sweat. The man was pretty much naked except for a little cloth around his hips, covering his dick.
“Oh. Right.” replied the agent as he was searching through his pockets. He pulled out his phone and they exchanged numbers. “Oh and you can call me Cas.” and with that Dean’s office door was closed.
Fuck. He felt his heart pick up its pace again. He wanted to leave that room as soon as possible. He didn’t want to make Cas uncomfortable and definitely not with this.
Dean wasn’t usually as flirtatious as he was right now but there was something about that man that made Dean crazy. Was it the eyes? Or maybe the voice… or maybe his whole appearance. Dean was too tempted, too hungry for it. Adding to the fact he actually hasn’t had anyone in that way for over 7 months so it was kind of getting to him. His hand and imagination just weren’t enough anymore.
Tilting his head upwards, Castiel let out a very audible, very aroused sigh, almost turning into a chuckle, lips curved upwards.
“Hey, Cas I know you are tired but how about we go for a drink, release some tension from…” he looked around and gestured with his hands “all of this.” He let out a long breath and put his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
Dean left out another chuckle and then pressed his lips together. “Son of a-.” he whispered to himself.
what Dean was expecting. His eyebrows shot up and he opened his mouth to say something but then closed it again.
Castiel’s eyes went darker, hungrier, gaze tracing Dean from his toes all the way up his head. “Well… what
His mind couldn’t stop fantasizing about that man. From his fingers, to his messy hair. His thighs. His dick. Dean needed to touch him, he needed to feel those hands roam his body, needed to feel the lips on his neck, scruff scratching slightly against him. He could only imagine himself pinned down to the bed, Castiel slamming against him. Fuck the guy wasn’t even here yet and Dean was already starting to get hard. Just as he was about to check the time again, there was a bell on his front door.
Dean, on the other hand, knows he needs a shower. Idly scratching the scruff on his chin, he tries to decide if he needs to add shaving his planned schedule of coffee, breakfast, a shower (with Cas) and a return to his bed (with Cas).
“Fuck. I cain’t believe that little blond hussy saw me. Goddamn, she’s good!” exclaims the vamp who just woke up in Purgatory as he hits the ground. A spare, older Black man, he looks around incredulously and quickly jumps to his feet, brushing off the dirt and twigs stuck to his clothes.
“No, I think I get it. Michael led the tanks, Lucifer led the melee DPS, Raphael led the casters, and Gabriel led the rogues.” Charlie nods, satisfied. “So, you served under Michael, and Cassiel served with Raphael?”
“No, even Cas was asleep. I dunno, I thought angels didn’t sleep, but I guess they can if they want to?” he speculates, popping the pot back into the coffeemaker with a clank. Sam reaches into the cabinet for a fresh coffee filter, then pulls out a can of coffee. Juggling the phone to his other shoulder, he starts filling the filter basket with grounds.
The brothers had long ago agreed not to bring randoms back to the bunker to spend the night in order to keep details about their secret lair from falling into the wrong hands. Had they slipped up? Occasionally. But that could be taken care of with a simple three-word spell that they’d scored from Rowena that blurred the location and layout of the bunker in the other person’s memory without raising any gross consent issues. It wasn’t foolproof, but anyone (or anything) strong enough to bypass the spell didn’t need help finding the bunker anyway.
“You mean, you’re afraid he’s going to lose his shit and go into a drunken spiral because he’s too fucking repressed to act on his feelings. Plus, you don’t want him to think that you don’t love him or want him because you’re having sex with other people.” Charlie cracks a cocky smile. “How’d I do?”
That “thankfully” is worth exploring later... “Okay, follow along here. Dean got angry because Dean’s what we call “in the closet”. In Narnia, to be exact. The deepest, darkest closet in Narnia.” Charlie pops open a beer.
“It’s okay, Cas, it’s not tobacco, it’s marijuana. Cannabis Indica. I'm still feeling really fucking stressed from that shitshow with Dean, and I know this will calm me down.” Charlie sits up with a freshly packed bowl in her hand and holds it out for Castiel to see before lighting it.
He doesn’t notice the left guard hand the right guard a wad of crumpled bills at the Throne Room door.
“Thank you for telling me. And I’m guessing that you haven’t told him because you don’t want to ruin your friendship.” Charlie shakes her head ruefully. “Even though it’s obvious to anyone with eyes that he feels the same way.”
Rufus sputters. “Bobby, we need to talk ‘cause we have a situation.” Unable to stand still, Rufus paces in the cluttered space.
And Dean is finally curled up in the shelter of his wings. Exactly where he should be. Castiel would lie here for all eternity if he could. Dean in repose is stunning, a work of art that he hasn’t had the opportunity to truly appreciate. All of the everyday tension that the Righteous Man carries is released. The worry lines around his eyes and forehead soften. He looks younger. Peaceful. Dean had enjoyed a long, deeply restful sleep with nothing but pleasant, relaxing dreams last night. Castiel made sure of that. Every time an unpleasant dream bubbled to the surface, Castiel had smoothed it into something better. It gives him great satisfaction to be able to finally take care of his charge properly.
Crowley isn’t sure that he’s ever heard his mother make such a sound, and he definitely doesn't like it. He genuinely never wants to hear it again. That is a sound that promises nothing but pain for him, he’s sure of it. If only he could figure out what she was talking about.
Castiel tilts his head to the side, his brow furrowed in confusion. “Why would I smite you? You're not possessed, and you're not a monster...”
“Castiel?” She murmurs. “I’m okay, you didn’t have to waste your mojo on me. I’m just angry and frustrated. Just give me about an hour to calm down and I’ll get to work. This magical blanket is amazing though. I’ve gotta have one, where did you get it?” The redhead opens her eyes and looks up at the Angel.
“Wait, you think he isn’t into you because you’re an Angel? That’s your reason? Because you’re not human? I’m pretty sure he’s crossed that bridge before, hasn’t he?” now it's Charlie's turn to look confused.
“You know, I don’t think I’ve ever heard you talk about your siblings just casually before. Do you still see them and like catch up when you go home to Heaven for the holidays or whatever?” she wonders aloud.
The sky has completely cleared, and the stars are radiant again. The Angel smiles slightly and continues. “My brothers and sisters were different before the first apocalypse. Heaven was different. All of us were united toward the same goal, to protect our Father’s creation as we had been commanded.”
“Then how are you so sure that Dean and the angel are havin’ relations? Riddle me that, Batman!” Bobby tosses his empty beer bottle at the trash can, bagging it neatly for 2 points.
Angels don’t actually sleep. They can rest and meditate, and they’re often very still when doing it, but sleep isn’t in the cards. Which is fine by Castiel. He wasn’t fond of having to sleep as a human. He finds losing consciousness disconcerting, and it impairs his ability to guard Dean. Naturally, Castiel hears Sam call for his brother. Another day, another case. The angel considers indicating that he’s awake. Then he realizes that he’s in a bit of a predicament - he’s naked. Humans have a proscription against nudity. Castiel’s clothes are somewhere near the foot of the bed, intermixed with Dean’s.
“Charlie was at a festival, and I took a moment to observe it. I’d never seen this holiday celebrated before but she kindly explained the significance of the occasion and informed me that LGBTQIA+ Pride is a relatively new holiday.” Cas stumbles a bit on the name, oblivious to Dean’s rapidly reddening face.  “It was very colorful. I was able to observe some of the customs...”
Rufus stops pacing. His eyes are bugged out wide, mustache bristling. The hunter’s threadbare cardigan sweater is askew and he’s wearing two different slippers. “Bobby! Your basement doesn’t matter right now. We got something much more important to deal with, man. Something big!” He turns dramatically to face Bobby and steps closer, right up into his personal space. “You owe me a bottle of Johnny Walker Blue Label!”
The vampire is practically feral at this point. Claire sees his greedy eyes glued to her bloody arm. She shakes it a little bit more provocatively. The vampire growls and drools. The hunter subtly shifts into a mixed stance. She can almost taste the shower beer in her immediate future.
Castiel awkwardly pats Charlie’s shoulder in an awkward attempt to be kind. “No one in Heaven has ever given any aspect of human sexuality or gender identity a single thought. I’m not sure that most of my siblings could even understand that concept. Neither of those factors have any bearing on the destination of a soul.”
"You're right, it’s a whole big ball of human bullshit. Remember how I told you that people could get hurt for who they loved?” Castiel nods. “Society hurts people too. Lots of parents teach their kids that it’s wrong to be queer. That if they feel that way, there’s something wrong with them, or they’re evil. Touched by Satan.”
“That’s beautiful and all, but it’s bullshit that you’re stuck with some eternal vow of devoted chaste pining because the fucked-up human that Heaven made you bond yourself to can’t see what’s right in front of his face!” Charlie exclaims fiercely, waving her beer round for emphasis wetly.
Castiel tilts his head, confused. “I would prefer it if I were the only one doing that, Dean. I don’t want to share you with anyone else.”
