“W-what?” he asked, priding himself in the fact that his voice came out mostly normal.
“Yes, sir.” Tony lowered his head in defeat, trudging back up to his room.
“You’re right,” Clint said. “He’s too small to be a knight.”
Steve ignored Clint’s confusion for now, deciding to wait until they were alone to explain. “Did you actually use that?” he asked instead, pointing to the bow slung over Clint’s shoulders.
The pup sniffed the bedding before jumping in and rolling around. Tony smiled. “My names Tony! It’s short for Anthony. Mama calls me Antonio sometimes though. What should we name you though,” he wondered, tapping his pointer finger against his chin like he’d seen his dad do when he was deep in thought. “I know! How about Flake? Short for snowflake because I found you in the snow!”
“Might as well come in, Captain. We know you’re out there,” Tony yelled as he flipped over onto his stomach, bringing the puppy crashing down onto the soft sheets next to him. The young dog landed upside down, limbs all askew. It took a bit of wiggling before he was back attacking Tony once more.
For a while, Steve just sat there and waited. Every now and then he would place his fingers against the man’s pulse, reassured by the weak but steady thrum against his skin.
“Touchy much?” Tony placed his hands behind his back. “Actually, I’ve come with a proposition, Honeybear. A scheme to help your dearest pal discover what snow feels like.”
--------
For his part, Tony just kept looking straight at Steve, ignoring the pull of his jeans. “Please go,” he said.
“It’s just a precaution,” Steve said. And then the man looked towards him and his eyes widened. He started to hyperventilate, breath coming in harsh he attempted to scramble away further from Steve, like he just noticed there was another person in the room with him.
“Why?” he whispered.
The younger ones didn’t share the same sentiment. Each one Tony passed, jumped up against their cage, searching for love, tongue hanging out. It made Tony feel sick. Maybe he should just adopt them all… give them all of home in the tower somewhere. Maybe-
Howard stood there watching them, blood dripping from his arm and onto the wooden floor. Tony gulped, waiting for his dad to say something. Flake was standing in front of the boy, body low to the ground in a defensive stance, ready to attack if need be.
(See the end of the chapter for
If he could just leave the actual “picking out a pup” part to someone else. Then Steve could have his dog and Tony would just do everything he could to avoid contact with the thing. Maybe he could call Rhodey up and have him pick up a dog. Rhodey loved dogs, so he wouldn’t mind...  would he? So that was the plan, and it would have worked too, except for the fact that Natasha had been lurking, apparently sensing his bullshit all along, and heard the whole conversation. She took the phone from Tony’s hands, told Rhodes that he “would not be needed” after all, and dragged tony out of the tower herself.
, over them every time they passed one on the street was any indication. And the worse part was, the team fully expected Tony to buy him one.
“Rhodey!” Rhodey threw a punch and turned, watching Tony being dragged out the door. He ran after him, but didn’t make it far until he was tackled again and thrown to the floor.
He flinched, awaiting the blow, but it never came. He opened his eyes, confused, until he heard the growls of Flake. He looked up and sure enough, there was his dog… attached to his dad’s arm and Howard screaming in pain.
Hours later, when Tony laid on Steve’s bed playing with the puppy, the super soldier was wondering when he should ask Tony about what happened in the workshop. Right now, the inventor was happy, a content little smile on his face as the dog he once avoided nipped at his fingers.
He ran, feeling his legs become sluggish against the onslaught of inches of snow; he could barely lift his feet with how much there was. “Rhodey, this… this is amazing! Look at it all!” Tony exclaimed, pure wonder in his eyes as he reached down towards the ground to touch with it with his hands. He stopped halfway there, pausing and then in a reckless haste, ripped a glove off and shoved the unprotected hand into the snow.
As the days passed, Flake easily became Tony’s best friend, always comforting him when he was sad, when he seeked physical touch. Every now and then, the boy would sneak Flake outside, when his parents were out of town. He’d play with him around the yard for hours since it wasn’t often Flake could escape the confines of Tony’s room. The dog didn’t seem to mind though, just as long as he was with Tony.
“Hey–”
Tony startled and turned. “Steve…” he said, before relaxing. “I didn’t realize you were here…” his eyes roamed downwards, “...with the puppy,” he finished. Steve followed his gaze, just in time to watch the little thing stretch and let out a huge yawn, one that shook his whole body.
“Okay,” he said. “Let’s get him in a tent, I think he’s struggling to breathe out here.” The two of them hauled the young man into their arms and carried him off into the tent that resided right next to Steve’s and Clint’s. It was where all the prisoners were kept. There was rope hanging from the corner pillars attached to two metal cuffs that rested limp against a blanket in the middle.
“What do you mean it’s not ready?” the unknown man demands. “I paid for it two months ago! I want my sculpture finished!”
Steve sighs, finally finding his pants and sticking his legs into them. Tony just doesn’t understand. He doesn’t get it. They are too different, from two completely different worlds. They could never be together. They could never be happy together.
An unexpected amount of blood rushes south and Steve takes a confused look down at his dick, which is twitching with interest. He takes one more look at the message before putting his phone back on the shelf and then wraps a hand around himself.
“Steve,” says a voice from behind him, and when he spins around he sees Tony in a black T-shirt and slacks, no shoes, looking slightly confused.
“Have you had any contact with Mr. Swanson recently?”
Steve is shocked when he arrives outside and Tony is waiting along with a convoy. A car in front, and a car behind. He doesn’t comment on it as Tony helps him into the car, but when the door shuts and Tony goes to the driver’s side, Steve looks around and wonders why anyone would go through so much trouble for him.
“Want to go lay down in the bed?” Tony asks.
Steve takes a step towards the elevator, but within that second Tony has already reached him, spun him around and pressed him forcefully up against the kitchen counter. He’s got his hands tight around Steve’s collar, his expression unreadable. Steve thinks Tony might hit him, but he’s equally surprised when instead, Tony presses their mouths together roughly.
He isn’t sure what the feeling is in his stomach, why it bubbles when he thinks about Tony. He’s not used to feeling like this. He doesn’t know that he’s ever felt like this before. He’s not even sure he likes this feeling. He does know that it’s messing with his head, and he needs to get a hold of himself again. He can’t afford to think about Tony Stark all night. He has work to do.
“I can get you out of here before anyone ever knows. Just walk out the front door like this never happened.”
They stand like that for a long time, and eventually Steve gently moves them backwards to the bed. He sits down, and Tony sits beside him, turning so they can look at each other. Steve brings his hand up to Tony’s chest, lightly rests his hand there, and they lean back together.
“You mean we have to walk through this whole place and look for?”
There really isn’t a good reason other than Steve doesn’t think he deserves to be taken care of, and especially not by Tony. People like Steve don’t get happy endings, or even happy opportunities.
Steve brings up his arms then crosses them. “What are you insinuating,” he says with a small frown, he looks like a child who just got told they can’t have ice cream for dinner.
“Oh, golly gee, my good sir, thank you for such kindness,” he says pointedly glaring at Steve. He leads the way in, stopping at the entrance to talk to the previous window watchers. “Tony and I will be having a civilized talk upstairs. If you hear screaming after 5 minutes, mind your own business,” Rogers says to his members as they walk upstairs. As they make their way to Steve’s bedroom he whispers to Tony, “We’ve got to be careful okay, be quiet.”
“Nope, he literally has a wife,” she replies.
. “Apparently when they were in the locker room, his teammates noticed he had a wedding band on the necklace he wears.”
Rhodey just raised an eyebrow. That’s all it took for Tony to understand. “Please tell me he is just a random member and not a very crucial and important part of the frat.”
Tony started laughing. “That's what this is all about?” He said pointing in between him and Rogers.
Suddenly Steve was on him in a heartbeat, kissing him deeply and very quickly, his hands already finding the hem of his shirt and lifting it off of him. His shirt went away. He grabbed at Steve’s— no, he remembered this was his shirt that the motherfucker had stolen and tugged at it. “That’s a stupid-ass shirt your wearing.”
Tony thinks.
Steve pretends to think about it. He taps his fingers on his chin, observing the room. “Tough question, going to have to go with, no.”
Steve stands up so quickly that it makes Tony’s head hurt. God, with his iron deficiency he would have passed out if he stood up that fast. Cautiously, Tony stands up. Steve takes one look at him and runs.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Change the date.”
Tony nods solemnly. He is an actor, after all. He knew where this was going as soon as Bucky sat down.
When Steve returns he drops the runny eggs onto his plate. He leans across the counter and kisses Tony. “Art imitating life.”
So there’s no reason to be so stressed out about the kiss scene.
Sitting on Tony’s couch they are much closer to each other than they were at the karaoke place. Steve is resting his head on Tony’s shoulder. Tony doesn’t know if he can hear his heartbeat racing but Tony knows his heart is beating like crazy right now.
Tony has no idea how this ended up happening. Steve entered a celebrity lookalike contest, but also Steve lost said contest. Right now standing in the crowd, Tony can see Steve on the stage. He is currently arguing with the host of the competition.
“It’s actually really ridiculous how this rivalry is still going on. It’s a natural thing, that where fraternities are there are fraternity rivalries. Sometimes the rivalry is justified, but a brother getting punched in the face is not something to shrug off. Also not easy to justify a rivalry when the first punch was thrown in 1948. After the president of your fraternity shouted to our president something about his mom. The details are a little hazy.”
They had decided to get over their nerves for their presentation tomorrow they would meet up for drinks. This was a harder obstacle than Tony would have thought since they couldn’t be seen together. It would wreak havoc on their frats. In the end, they had decided to meet at a club far enough from their university that they wouldn’t meet people they knew.
The more projects they receive, they realize that they will have to meet up after class time to finish them. That’s a new development for Tony since he is always working alone. Even in group projects, he is the one doing all the work, he guesses that has something to do with everyone thinking that since he is smart, he will do everyone’s work for them. He sort of expects Rogers to be one of those people. He is pleasantly shocked when Rogers mentions that they should meet at the library to work on their next assignment.
Steve chooses to reply to him in a true Steve way, sticking his tongue out at Tony.
The customer’s question is said with him explaining that he is an avid coffee drinker but has never had a cup like this.
! Got suspended? For an entire year?”
At one point, the guys at Phi Delta Theta decide to prank them. Pranks are usually a phase that kids grow out of, but that is not the case for fraternity brothers. They’re in that sweet spot of being young enough to hold onto the childhood immaturity and having the independence to pull any prank they want. The prank they pulled is stupid and gets on Tony’s nerve. When he enters the class the next Wednesday, there's no hiding the smug face that Steve has. Honestly, could they have done anything better? Taking a pack of gelatin powder and dumping it into the toilet, has got to be the
He learns things about Steve during these dinners. Such as how Steve wanted to be an artist but now paints as a hobby. Tony gives some of himself away as well, he talks about how his mom loved musicals. They both share a mutual love of acting. Somehow in the midst of all this, Steve takes Peppers words literally and actually begins to post more on Instagram. Tony smiles when he pops up on his feed, he sees the donuts they had eaten the previous night, or he sees the coffee Tony had earned and had misspelled his name. Tony however really likes the pictures Steve posts of the cast.
The moment Clint leaves with some wise words of wisdom, that Tony will absolutely not use. Since Clint’s last words had been, “don’t be a dick for once.”
The day before their presentation Tony texts Steve.
Steve was standing in the doorway, in sweats and barefoot. Tony takes a look. Sure enough, there was the blue-eyed-hottie wearing his medium red t-shirt. The shirt he had torn his entire room upside down to find. God, he should have known that Steve had taken it hostage. It was unfair how hot he looked while just wearing comfortable clothes.
Tony opens their apartment door while looking over at Steve’s phone where he was showing Tony the picture he wanted to post.
“Okay, I’ll be back soon.”
Tony shrugs. He knows fraternity rivalries are inevitable but they tend to be fundamentally ridiculous. Sometimes the beef between the two houses is necessary. Nobody is going to get over a physical fight or property damage. The origins vary, sometimes you live close to another house, causing a rivalry just by simple proximity. Or sometimes it would start by always competing against each other in various rec sports to get first place.
“Nope, you're going to have to explain this.”
Steve takes Tony’s hand and interlocks their hands together. “Oh. I thought we were already dating. My bad. Tony Stark, will you be my boyfriend?”
They were reading their lines when somehow the conversation shifted and now they are having their
Knowing them, they breeze through their presentation. Tony honestly can say he enjoyed this class. Although in the beginning, he was sort of acting out. But that was probably because as Shakespeare would say, “
Steve smiles at him cruelly and tugged him closer till their chests were bumping into each other. “Throwing rocks at my bedroom window, very romantic of you, Tony.”
Tony has taken to posting a picture on his Instagram of when Steve takes a nap on set. The PR team had gone wild when he started to post them since so many fans of Steve and Tony had taken to shipping them.
Rhodey noticed Tony’s pissy mood, granted it was after a whole round of shots when he decided to finally bring it up. Rhodey becomes some sort of therapist, the more vodka shots he takes. “What’s got all you dark and brooding?”
Steve finally sits up. He walks out of the room and starts to head to the kitchen. He’s about to start his process when he notices Tony sitting on the counter, watching his every move.
“What’s happening between you two? It’s been a while since we’ve seen you two interacting on Instagram.”
They sit in a booth together. As soon as they sit down Steve starts, “I’m surprised you agreed to this.”
“You know I thought you were going to be one of those huge pretentious dicks who think the humanities classes are useless.”
“It means you stole my parking spot,” Tony says, poking Steve’s shoulder. “And you did this before eight am on a Thursday.”
The professor then began to read a list of what topics were appropriate for presenting. She then placed the list on her desk and told everyone to write their name and their partners next to the one they would present. “Go fast, and put our names down for anything you like.”
“Nope.” Steve says, he articulates his point by also shaking his head.
. Here let me put you on something.” He clicks on his phone and finally, his speakers start playing music.
After it was finished, Steve poured it all over the ice cream. What he wasn’t expecting when offering it to Tony was him practically moaning after the first bite. Tony looked at him with bright eyes while nodding to the affogato.
“This is a new low, you're not even denying it.”
Tony coughs to gather Steve’s attention. “I sleep wherever I can. Sometimes that happens on the couch in the dressing room. Sometimes it happens in the break room. And sometimes I get yelled at for it, but that’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
“That absolute son of a bitch.” Tony started as he sat on the couch in the living room. “Not only are they hosting a party the same day as us, now they're doing the same theme as us?”
He’s at the cash register, when the cute guy steps up.
6) He thinks I am a stuck up, cocky bastard.
“I didn’t know your coffee order, I kinda panicked.”
“You absolute little shit, the guy you were ogling is the whole ass president of Phi Delta Theta.”
, the class finished an assignment two weeks ago, you finished an assignment last week.” Just then the professor claps her hands to gain the attention of the students.
Tony glared at him. It was not unusual for other frats to join another’s party. Tony looked through the window and made contact with Rhodey. Rhodey just shrugged at him. “Fuck, fine only because you brought booze.” He leads them to the kitchen area where all the drinks are laid out and goes to find his friends.
Tony opens the door, Steve is sitting at the dinner table.
Steve looks over at him from where he is staring intently at his laptop. “Hacking into my laptop? Seriously, Tony?”
Tony shakes his head. “I saw you before I met you.”
a hardship.”
plus one
“You talk too much,” he whispers, Steve’s hand has come to wrap around Tony’s jaw. Then suddenly his mouth is moving closer.
Nat swiftly moved her beer from one hand to the other and brought one of her hands to pat Tony’s back. “Honestly, if you think about it, this is your rivalry there is no reason for me to hate them too “
They do the screen test. They ace the screen test. It’s the best one Tony has filmed with someone, their energy bounces off each other in a way that nobody else has. Tony knows for a fact this is true when Phil says they should do a table read next. They pull up copies of the script and dive straight into it.
, he realizes when he doesn’t hear a word Natasha said to him.
“Well obviously because he is the—”
Steve grinned back. Loophole. “You said something dumb?” Tony nodded.
Steve finds Tony at the same spot he left him. He hands the drink to Tony, “I didn’t know we were playing musical chairs,” Steve says. He sits back in his original spot.
Steve wasn’t sure who made the last move. Their lips finally met in a kiss.
Tony takes a second. Former friend? Is that what they were? Had he missed them being friends? And now they had already moved on? In the middle of his crisis, someone complains about his phone screen so he rushes to his room.
Tony’s standing in line at the counter when he realizes that he doesn’t know Steve’s coffee order.
It’s still way too early in the morning for this but at least Tony has had his coffee.
“Bucky. Bucky Barnes is the Vice President of your rival frat. Did you honestly not know that?”
Tony moves up on the couch to playfully push Steve. “I have never seen you fall asleep on set,” he says accusingly.
, not luckily. The empty seat’s neighbour is the Greek god. The one from yesterday at the bar. Tony decides he would deal with this later and takes the seat. Apollo shoots him a look that could kill. Tony decided that he would be
————————
. The demographic of the bar were all students who were trying to forget the stress of classes. As soon as Rhodey and Tony were entering, two boys were leaving. Two very, cute boys. The first one was Tony’s type to a T. His head was thrown back, laughing boisterously. Tall, check. Blond hair, check. Gorgeous smile, check. What else could a guy want?
The cute guy comes to the coffee shop more often now. So much that Steve has memorized his order, it’s quite a small coffee shop so it’s normal to recognize the same orders.
Steve gladly takes the seat, he had been standing for so long. He drops to the seat with a sigh, working customer service will do that to a person. He leans back in the chair then looks around the room. “What type of person would choose just normal seats over a booth?”
Steve laughs then shakes his head at the absurd ones, which were mostly all of them. Because he didn’t drink his mom's coffee when he was younger, thinking it was hot chocolate to only be let down.
Tony pushed off of him and took a step back. “We need to talk, Steven.” He said sternly. Steve looked at him innocently. “Hey, stop looking at me like that, I’m serious and you know exactly what I am going to yell at you about.”
“Nope, Rogers, you mentioned that you were crazy obsessed with Iron Man that you covered your bedroom wall with posters.”
Steve slowly brings his face up, “I still don’t know how you two know each other.”
“Well, I was contemplating it, but I am not opposed to your performance tomorrow when you are hungover.”
Steve nods, “as you should, I honestly don’t know why this movie is such a big deal for you, I’ve never seen it.”
He hears the casting agents whispering to each other. Tony looks to where Steve is awkwardly gathering his jacket. Tony hasn't even left the room when Phil calls out to them. “You got the part!”
Steve gets his back then turns to Tony. “Are you okay?”
“It’s chemistry, for a 1.5 liter pump pot it only took about half a teaspoon of salt to make the entire thing better.”
“I can’t wait til this you post it. The ‘stony’ fans are going to go wild,” Tony says. Steve’s quick to click the post button then drop down and give a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
Tony immediately tries to turn his eyes anywhere else, he’s always been a little bit weird when people thank him. Then with the whole Steve touching him, it added up together.
Tony pulled back grinning when they had to eventually pull back for air. “So, secret recipe when?”
Cute guy seems to just disregard his order, and smiles at Steve, with his eyes shining brightly. “So you noticed me. I’m recognizable enough to have my order memorized. What was my defining quality? My eyes?”
Tony raises an eyebrow as he reaches for more fries.
Tony takes a moment. Teammates? Locker room? God, for his rival frat, he sure does no close to nothing about them. He must have not hid his confusion well since Natasha’s next sentence is about how the
In the beginning they ate in silence. The tub of ice cream between them. Finally, Steve had the genius idea of making affogato. He left the table abruptly to make a shot of espresso. Tony followed him with the ice cream in his hands.
“A couple of guys from Phi Delta Theta are at our front door, they’re saying that they brought booze.”
“How does everyone here already know?” Here Tony thought they were being sneaky.
Tony notices Steve fidgeting with his hands. “Are you stressed,” he asks. Steve is his friend if he was stressed, Tony would be genuinely concerned. Who would have thought? Tony agreeing on this project would have actually made him make a close friend, who was also really hot. But that was just objectively speaking.
Tony tilts his head, acting like a confused child. His eyes give it away, that he knows what he’s doing.
Steve brings out more fries from the bag then shrugs.
The rest of the month is dealing with New England winter, cold nights, dark nights starting at 5. The highlight reel of the month looks like this: a snapshot of Steve grinning at a passage in Macbeth, a snapshot of Pepper, Rhodey, Nat, Peter, and him playing Clue on their Game Night. This then leads to the snapshot of Tony winning the game of Clue because while they were playing checkers he was playing chess, a snapshot of the last Karaoke Night of the year.
.” He emphasizes on the second ‘know’ to get his point across. “You know, I see it. He used to scare everyone in school by just one look.”
“Hey, it’s a long word okay? Plus it’s normally the pledges fucking up the banners.”
“That’s cute, but you have no idea how much I’m going to abuse your little coffee magic powers.”
“It’s cute that you think that’s going to happen. Maybe I should let you think you have the upper hand.”
“You’re lying. There’s no way. Of all the years I’ve been living, I don’t think I’ve met one person who has genuinely liked that garbage.”
Tony smiles at him, “Well, you know what they say about change.” He brings his hand up for a handshake.
Next week they are at the library.
stupid ass shirt.”
Tony looks over at him, “Italy, baby.” He gets up and retrieves his clothes. He looked at Steve with an eyebrow raised. As if asking him the same question.
A few days later, Tony was standing in the kitchen with Pepper. Throughout the house were students drinking out of red solo cups. Their fraternity decided to host the start of a school year party. The house was slowly getting filled in, more people going out to the backyard. Tony had previously lost a bet with his brothers, which meant he was the sober monitor at the party. So all the alcohol use was controlled by him. Pepper was talking about her interesting elective. Peter Parker, a housemate ran up to him.
As he apologizes, she starts to speak up at the same time. “Today’s the big day!” She says excitedly. Tony glances at her with his eyebrows narrowing. Is he forgetting something? Maybe a birthday?
The next day on set Tony is pouring his coffee when Bucky comes next to him. Bucky takes one look at him and starts. “When you two finally get together, I’m going to be there, and I'm going to say I told you so. There’s something going on between you two, I can see it.”
Tony stares at him. But Bucky just flashes a peace sign at him then walks away.
“Flattery will get you anywhere.”
“Say you're an idiot sandwich, I'll give you your much deserved grilled cheese.”
Steve smiles into his cup. “A pinch of salt,” he says as he takes a small sip.
Shit, he realizes. He likes Steve. And now he has to kiss Steve, again. He’s going to have to act like it doesn’t faze him. Maybe Tony was right, he was going to die from filming a Romantic Comedy.
Steve pushed into his way even further. “Another assignment? We just did one last week.”
. So he made a list. After staring at the paper for a couple of minutes, he finally wrote WHY YOU CAN NOT BE IN LOVE WITH STEVE ROGERS. He proceeded to stare at the paper even longer then got his highlighter to underline the whole sentence.
Tony was not one of those STEM kids who completely belittled all the humanities courses. He understood that they were important, just like the STEM classes, or as Pepper would eloquently say, the arts and humanities are an essential element for education.
“Oh, the team wants me to have a more socially active Instagram,” Steve says with a small frown. “They said it needed more persona touches instead of promotional pictures of my works.”
Tony came every week, the days he would come would vary. But somehow he always made it during Steve’s shifts.
“You are holding a cup of coffee, I don’t think you need more. Not to mention, I don’t know your name, who you are. But I do know that you don’t care about your education. And that's enough for me to say n—”
“Okay. Stop with the suspense. Tell me who it is. C'mon, tell me!” He pleads while Nat continues to stand there with her arms crossed at her front. “Nat, as long as it’s not their president, it’s fine.” Oh shit. That’s why she’s not telling him. The guy that is from a movie is Rogers. Oh. His inner dialogue suddenly cuts off when Nat speaks.
“Please, tell me you did not just say ‘let me put you on something’ to just play Kid Cudi.”
“No need to be dramatic.”
“No, Nat, I
“Well, if you had checked you would see that we are starting a new project next week. It’s worth ¼ of our grade. Instead of our strictly usual seat partner, you get to choose your own. Did you want to work with each other? I honestly don’t think I’ve talked to anyone else in that class except for you. What do you think?”
“You wish.”
“What are you all playing? Musical chairs?”
He moved closer, their lips almost touching.
“You know, there’s other drinks in the world other than coffee?” Steve says with his lips curling up.
“The two of you, not only act like children, are children,” Nat says to them, pouring more coffee into her cup.
. Rhodey will not be there all the time. Rhodey knows he wants to go into the army, he has a whole life plan. While Tony does not even know what he wants to do after university. At this point, he was thinking about doing his masters so he would not have to deal with his dad nagging him to take over the company. Then maybe get a doctorate and keep getting more doctorates until his father has enough. The moral of the story is that Tony has no clue what to do with his life. He knows he is majoring in electronic engineering. There are many jobs available for it. But, his dad had always told him that his only option was to take the company.
————————
Tony waits for his phone to ring. He doesn’t even have to look at the caller ID. Maria’s voice is the next thing he hears. “What is going on between you two?”
Steve looks up at him for where he was reaching over to reach a cup that was placed in the freaking plant pot. What was wrong with these people? Who honestly thought, oh, I have to put my drink down,
He enters the room and notices Mr. Stealer Of Parking Spots giving the cup of coffee to Phil. Oh. So this must have been his first day on set as an assistant who rushed and accidentally parked somewhere they weren’t supposed to. What Tony isn’t expecting is Phil clapping his hands then introducing the blond as the gut he is doing the chemistry read with.
Tony so badly wants to slap that god awful smirk away.
“You want to go make me a coffee with some salt?”
Steve stands up from the ground, “I'll help sneak you out.” They descend  the stairs, past the living room, and make their way to the front door. Tony had got to be the unluckiest person because just as Steve touched the doorknob, Clint Barton entered the house and narrowed his eyes at the sight of Tony. “The fuck are you doing here.” He exclaimed.
A couple of days later, Tony’s in his room sending his draft to Steve for him to add notes. Steve hasn’t even sent him his outline yet. At this point, Tony is seriously considering docking points off for his peer review. He decides he has had enough and sends Rogers a text.
Opposite to the first time. For the last time, they have to choose a project Tony goes up and selects one for them. He quickly signs their name to Analyze Macbeth through knowledge of historical context. Tony had studied all about Macbeth in high school, it actually was his favourite Shakespeare play.
Items were thrown away in huge quantities after-parties are usually the red plastic cups and aluminium cans. Since this party brought in a large audience, these are scattered all over the house. At this point in the night, there are a few people left in the backyard and that's it. Most of the brothers have already gone to sleep. He collects all the cups and brings them to the trash.
Oh. “Steve,” he says. Tony smiles at him. That was a close one, plus Tony seemed to completely believe that Steve was joking about the salt.
Tony wondered if he was reading into it too much but, c’mon. How weird was that?
that they hate them. But for what?
That night he went to bed fully knowing he was going to have the
Steve looks back and forth between them. “Why is this so civil? This is not normal. Are you two about to fight in the library? Please don’t.”
Tony huffed. “All I’m saying is, it definitely looks better on me.” Steve then took off his shirt and wow. Steve. Seeing him shirtless always reminded him of that summer. The
Tony pokes Steve’s shoulder. “Aw, are you sure it’s not because you absolutely refuse to drink coffee on set.”
As quickly as he drops that bombshell he leaves. They agree to go grab some food per Phil’s request. As soon as they are walking to Tony’s trailer to grab a jacket, Pepper stops them.
“It’s a little late for that, we already have a DJ booked.”
But when it happens, it’s awkward. Their lips are forced, it’s not passionate how their characters are supposed to be.
As Tony takes his sip of coffee, Pepper’s assistant comes to gather Bucky and Nat for a scene they have to re-do, Pepper leaves with them. Tony feels a whoosh of air then suddenly someone is standing right next to him. He turns. Then turns back to his cup. Why is Mr.Stealing Parking Spots here? In the corner of his eye he sees him take the coffee and leaves as quickly as he entered Tony’s space. Tony hears his name being called and finds the room where the screen test is happening.
He takes a sip from his water. “So, what did Pepper want from you?”
Although, Steve makes a sacrifice in the really hot summer months. They just woke up to the morning sun shining on them. The blanket has already been kicked off of Tony.
Somehow while Steve and Tony were on their mandatory get along nights, paparazzi had taken photos. From the angle the photo was taken, Steve’s leaning in across the table and Tony has his head tilt up looking admiringly.
3) He makes me want to be a better person- with him I feel like I am special—
. Very impressive, this costume definitely would have given me nightmares when I was younger,” Tony said as he moved closer to where Nat and Pepper were standing. As soon as Tony got closer, Pepper started speaking. “Nat’s dating a guy from your sworn rival frat, do whatever you want with that information!” She quickly left and ran.
Bucky smirks. “Calm down Stevie, Tony and I go way back.”
It’s a slow day on set when Tony and Steve are sitting in the break room actors from each other on the couch. Tony’s aimlessly scrolling through his phone when he comes up across a quote from an interview from the man sitting across from him.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Okay, I’ll cover my eyes, go do your magic trick.”
Tony’s brain is still catching up when he hears Steve’s apology and some curses. Steve is moving backward, grabbing his bag, then rushing in a way that he is not running but is certainly faster than a walk. It was all happening so fast, that Tony stands still until Steve completely disappears from his line of sight.
Suddenly, Tony’s hands came to his neck. Tony was looking at him like he—
But fraternity rivalries are ridiculous, so the mere thought of Steve helping is making his blood boil. He walks up to Steve, his footsteps thudding. “What do you think you’re doing, Rogers?”
“Well, guess there’s something different about this movie.”
Steve looks at him with a face of doubt.
4) He is hosting a party at his house on the same day as yours. (see: reason number one)
As he was walking to the main library, he plugged in his headphones. Some mood music for his walk to occupy him. When he opened the door, he opened his chat with Rogers.
Tony’s arm came up to wrap around Steve’s neck. Tony was pulling him even closer. Steve’s mind was completely on Tony, who was kissing him.
Tony was shocked when Steve didn’t win, considering he was actually Steve Rogers. It certainly didn’t help that the guy who won first place was a sore winner.
Steve looked at him, playfully slapped his shoulder. “So, how about I try to persuade you to change the date of
Later, when people are leaving Tony notices that the house is surprisingly not that dirty. Ever since Tony got the position of president, he has gotten the brother to clean up after themselves more frequently, but more often than not the house is still a mess.
Tony’s eyes dart over the room where Steve is talking to someone. Someone calls out Pepper's name, she sighs then leaves.
“Tony, you really didn’t have to,” Steve says, but still moves closer to Tony to get a peak. Tony drops the poorly wrapped gift in front of Steve.
“Have you ever thought of it? Now, hear me out. If you take over the company, you can change it. You always said you had better ideas for it. Say nothing irrational, just think about it, Tony.”
Steve’s eyebrow shoots up. “What does that even mean?”
2) Just accept defeat, Tony. (You need all the help you can get.)
Steve Rogers’ goal is to hear the sentence, “Steve, when you’re here, the coffee is just better.” He’s heard it multiple times now but each time he hears the sentence, it makes him a bit happier. Of course, the reason why the coffee tastes better is that Steve is using his secret recipe. His secret recipe that’s probably not a secret since it’s a very common tactic.
showers, but he had a whole hour before class, he had time to kill. Tony got his first coffee of the day, even managed to eat some cereal. Rhodey would be so proud he ate breakfast. He got ready at 8:50 and decided he would go to a cafe and get another cup of coffee there to have the drink with him in class. Slowly walking, he made it to the cafe and got his cup of coffee. He thought to himself that this was all too good to be true. This day was starting well. As he made his way to the lecture, he realized he would be early. He opened his phone to make sure he got the location of the class right when he noticed it. The time of the class. He must have read it wrong. He rushed to the end of the hall. He saw kids in the seats and the professor going over a slideshow.
“I’m Steve Rogers. And shit, you are Tony Stark. The Tony Stark. As in the president of Delta Sigma Phi, you know our fraternities have been rivals since forever, it’s practically imprinted in our handbook.” Steve stared at him with his eyes wide open.
As the conversation carries on, Steve finds him lost in a world with just him and Tony. Tony laughs when he finds out that Steve isn’t a coffee drinker.
“We are not dating,” Tony says defensively, how rude of the paparazzi to assume they are dating when that’s Tony’s end goal too. He has o clue how Steve feels about him. But he doesn’t want to fake date him just for publicity.
.” God, Tony wanted to slap himself. What was it about Rogers that made him just forget how to act and speak? What was he even saying, it was
He rips the page out of his notebook and carefully hides it in his textbook, then puts it in a drawer. He would deal with this whole mess later. He did not have enough time to unpack this.
That's all Tony thinks about as he tried to fall asleep. He is so out of it by the time the lecture finishes on Wednesday. The professor gives back their marks and although Tony worked hard on it he is still surprised that they got 87%. He looks over at Steve, who is smirking at Tony. Steve leans over and points to the area where she had added feedback.
As more filtered in and out, Tony started looking at all the costumes. Some people didn’t even try, slapping on a jersey or just glasses. Basically, the bare minimum, although he noticed some unique ones. Natasha had dyed her hair completely blue and was wearing a yellow rain jacket.
“You and me. Being friends.”
The host flashes Steve a smile, “Sir, you got second place, you still receive a prize!”
“Okay, you take this side and I’ll take the other and we will meet in the middle,” Tony says, waiting for Steve to reject his idea. He surprises him by just nodding and carrying on to retrieve cups.
“Thanks!” Tony says smiling brightly.
“We are not ending up on his bad side,” Tony says, “want to grab dinner tonight?”
Bucky nods. “Remember, the year you got suspended then had to switch school—” He gets cut off by Tony.
So, for one of his electives this year, he decided he would branch out and take one of them. Tony did not know what he thought that day, as he was looking at options, one caught his eye, INTRODUCTORY TO WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE'S LITERATURE. Tony had studied Shakespeare many times, since every single year, his father would send him to a boarding school. And boy, did they love Shakespeare. Year after year, another Shakespeare play would be taught. After giving it some thought, he realized that was a huge advantage for him. The world was his oyster now.
Steve turns to him, “Tony, what time do you think it is?”
Tony checks his google alerts and sure enough an article has areas been published. The article talks about how they are starring in a new film together, and how witnesses had overheard their conversation that to them sounded like they were friendly.
“Truly honored, that it has made it onto the wall.”
Steve’s jumps quick to defend himself.“I said I remembered your order, not that I—”
Now it’s Tony’s turn to groan. “Who on earth allowed that to happen?”
“Guess my notes were especially good,” Steve says while putting his books back in his bag and standing up.
They continue working on their new project. “How to analyze Shakespeare’s plays on the page and in performance.”
. Tony would treat him the same.
“Maybe you will finally learn the valuable lesson that is; don’t make your passwords so obvious.”
Tony turns to look at the professor, sees details of the slideshow. This class wasn’t kidding when they said INTRODUCTORY TO WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE. The slideshow was essentially a summary of his life. The professor talked about where William was born, what age he got married, his wife. “Oh, no, it’s not like this is a basic knowledge of his life that I could just get from Wikipedia,” Tony says sarcastically.
3) He is a part of your rival frat also the president of the said frat.
, when Tony finally came to terms that he didn’t have to work with Rogers, karma would hit them.
As the coffee finished, Steve poured it into a cup then walked to where Tony was sitting. Tony pulled the seat next to him out, and indicated for Steve to sit there.
, and as if having a party the same day as us isn’t bad already, you are also hosting a Beer Olympics? The same fucking theme?”
————————
Tony looked at Pepper. “What did I tell you? Being a sober monitor is
Tony and Steve are running through their lines of the intense makeout scene in the break room. At first, it was just Tony alone on the couch reading through the script. He didn’t even have time to process Steve entering the room, suddenly he was right in front of Tony. He then dropped on the couch, although there were many empty spaces to sit down. Tony smiled to himself, of all places to sit, Steve chose right next to him.
, Tony, reminded himself. He was not going to allow himself to dwell on how Steve looked wearing his clothes.
It’s endearing how much Steve is trying. He puts his hands on Steve’s hips. “Watch me. You have to loosen up your hips.” Steve being tense under Tony’s touch is certainly not helping. “Stop being so tense.”
Steve frowns. “Oh I don’t really drink coffee, never really got into it,” he says.
“And what eye am I supposed to be looking at it with?”
Tony nods.
Tony knows he doesn’t shut up whole watching movies, his running commentary is just something you get used to after time. It’s no surprise that he talks for most of the movie. He points out plot holes, stupid diologue, or just plain bad plot. He’s currently going on about how this movie is not scientifically possible when it happens.
By the end of the night, it’s all eyes blurry and warmth under his fingertips. Tony doesn’t think about the warmth of Steve’s body near him, he doesn’t think about the glint in Steve’s eye when he speaks. He doesn’t.
“Did you really think so low of me?”
“Scene!” Phil calls out. “That was great, you two.” Steve is the first one to stand up from his chair, Tony follows suit.
But Tony is not about to let pretty privilege win this one. He unbuckles his seat belt, ready to give this guy a whole talk on parking spots. But he remembers Pepper telling him not to cause any incidents while filming this movie since she is a producer and wants everything to go smoothly. Tony had promised Pepper not to cause any drama on set, and honestly after their break up it felt like this was the least he could do. Working on set with his ex-girlfriend was definitely going to be a new experience, but him and Pepper were first and foremost always friends so they could easily make this work. Having her as his friend was one of the best decisions of Tony’s life, them dating didn’t work out but at least he still had his best friend. As he watches the blond guy walk away, Tony finds another parking spot.
He needs more, this time. After the second, there’s a third time, and a fourth. You’re so far gone—otherwise you wouldn’t bother—you flop over and crawl away while he’s still slow and sluggish, the aftermath of another orgasm. When he comes back to find you absent, you have but five seconds to understand the fallout will be grave.
It's magical, but it's not. (You can tell unparalleled technological advancement when it rapes you in body and mind.) You wonder what the limits of this machine are, if there are any. If you will ever be broken beyond repair, or if hoping for it will only result in bitter disappointment.
He doesn’t put up much of a fight, and it’s not because he can’t or doesn’t desperately want to. You see it in the hardened, black-blue of his irises—this cast-iron will, this dogged determination that has his name written all over it. His knuckles are bright-white where he clenches his fists on the floor, the tendons in his neck protruding, every muscle pulled taut.
You want to throw up.
The rest of the team is there, conversing quietly over the beep of machines by your bedside. They haven’t noticed your state of consciousness yet. Your gaze is drawn to Steve next: he’s dressed in a shirt and sweatpants; bandages peak out of the collar and sleeves of his top and his foot is wrapped in a cast.
Any moment now, They'll pull you away, with salvation just out of reach.
he says,
It's better, less effort, to just go along and pretend there is no disagreement.
You dig your fingers into his exposed meat and rut your hips and think,
Mind-numbing pain radiated from your broken hand, your broken arm, the many other places bruised and battered. The intrusion inside you stripped you of every coherent thought, every forceful push another rupture in your skin and sense of self. The sticky wetness suddenly coating your insides and carving down your thighs in rivulets felt like salvation.
They drag him outside. Unconscious.
Blue, blue, blue.
The wall parts but no one enters. You don't question it. If this is the only chance you have, it won't do to get hung up on details.
In the end you always find relief, against the cold ground of The Room, sliding through your own blood. There are only two options after all, and you will inevitably wind up exercising the 'else' portion of the command.
There is always only one singular thought.
You throw up bile, add another to the revolting cocktail of bodily fluids on the floor. Your stomach is empty; They only feed you tasteless nutritional paste. A means to an end. Fuel to sustain your basic processing functions while They take apart everything else.
You think, distantly aware that They're moving your limp body out of The Room, maybe things like thermonuclear astrophysics were of significance not so long ago.
Your heartbeat bounces between your temples, stings in your fingers, throbs in your groin. The edges of The Portal pulse and shiver as though it's alive, awaiting your arrival. To embrace you with open arms and welcome you home.
you think, looking at the smears of blood at your knees that for once aren't your own. The haze doesn't fade, you're still burning, but you remember the cries.
instead of
Someone speaks. Steve falls silent, and everyone stops what they’re doing. Moving, breathing, blinking. Belatedly, you realize that was your own voice interrupting.
You realize, with fire licking up your spine: he doesn't know. You appear unharmed to him. He doesn't understand what's about to happen, doesn't know there's nowhere to go from here. This is the last stop.
You or them.
One wall parted and someone (something) (someone?) stepped through. There was no sound accompanying the movement, no echo, and it made you uneasy, that first time. None of the discomfort would measure up to what lay in your future, but you didn't know then.
he says. Lies.
You swallow without spit to spare.
He digs his nails into your thighs, folds you in two and rips into you, dry, brutal and unforgiving from the first push onward. The tears come, but it isn't the pain that breaks the levee.
You might've wanted this, in some other lifetime.
They must be interested in observing your interactions further, because this isn’t the last you see of him.
After climax, the need usually wanes. Least for a short while. Steve’s doesn't.
hammering through your hindbrain. The Other wrapped his fingers around your broken hand, grinding the splintered bones in his fist, and you howled. Through it all, you kept scratching, kicking, biting.
, except it's bigger and quieter and made of the same, unyielding material as Them—will typically repair the thought-to-be-irreparable damages in no more than a handful of minutes.
It’s hot and cold and good and bad and everything at the same time, this final understanding. You’re almost hysterical. It’s so clear, all of a sudden, what They were practicing all along. Not a scientific study, no. A social one.
You’re lying down on a hospital bed, but the room is too familiar to belong in one. Tower.
You don't fight again.
Mother nature acts upon a simple principle: never change a running system. You think, maybe you disagree with that. Maybe there are better ways and nature doesn't know. Your disagreement tends to get ignored.
search and
You thrash and twitch to no avail. As dark spots begin to eat your vision like countless black holes fighting for matter to consume, he comes again. He grinds his hips against you for another moment and then, blissfully, relinquishes his grip on your windpipe.
It takes too long. You don't have any measure of time, but you count how often you are with The Others and begin to doubt the circumstances will ever align so perfectly as to grant you escape.
They deposited you in The Room, one of Them enough to curb your struggling. Your hand broke—shattered like glass—when you threw a punch. You stopped trying to punch your way out, after that.
You learn five things.
days—that matched the appearance of The Other's swollen member.
It’s more than pain. You understand: this is rebellion.
As much as you dreamed of rescue, you never considered it a possibility. It shouldn't be. (It isn't. Him being here only means you're both lost.) The Portal collapsed, and no one knew where you'd gone, and that was
Another enters The Room. You don't move, and you don't make a sound even as you're being claimed. Mounted.
This time, you stare at the gleaming white dome encasing you for half an eternity. You might have thought yourself dead, were it not for the hot prickle in every part of your body that betrays skin stitching itself back together and fractured bones mending with sorcerous ease.
Your body wants something else.
You know he feels it, nestled in his gut and spreading from there, but while you give into the need—because this is how it is and how it'll always be—he tries to fight it.
naked. He didn't seem to care. You tried not to notice or think about what his nonchalance might mean.
“So far, Mr. Rogers,” the detective goes on, “we have a few reports against Mr. Swanson from different people, but nothing concrete. I believe you. I do. But I need to know what happened so I can open an official investigation.”
“But you could be safe and happy with me.”
“Your…your shirt. You’re bleeding.”
“I miss you too.”
They are quiet for a moment until Steve says, “If it ever becomes too much, you’ll tell me, right?”
Steve can’t help it, his hips jerk forward involuntarily. “God, I want you to,” he breathes.
?” Tony laughs.
“So, look,” Tony begins, “I know this all started out a little non-traditional, and that’s totally my style. But if you want to, I’d love to take you to dinner. Wine and dine, that sort of thing.”
“Of course not.”
They make small talk for a few more minutes, but eventually Steve starts to get cold in the water and decides he should probably let Tony get back to whatever it is Tony is doing, so he sends a quick, “Heading to bed, see you in the morning,” before putting his phone back on the shelf and washing his hair quickly.
“Pretty sure. Unless you just want a sculpture of your legs, in which case I can be done tomorrow.”
The guy leaves, and when Steve hears the door click closed he gets up immediately and goes to the bathroom to run a shower. He tries not to look at his reflection in the mirror, knowing his body is bruised. It always is after his Monday appointment, so he doesn’t need to see it again, for dozenth time.
Steve grins and nods, allowing Tony to get off him and answer his phone. “Yes, yes, 51
“I disagree.”
They don’t talk much about their respective pasts, and for that, Steve is grateful. He thinks that Tony understands that the sex for money part of him is over, that he’s focusing on art now. He thinks that maybe Tony can understand why he ever did it in the first place, but they don’t talk about it so he really can’t be sure.
“So, uh, what is the scope of the project?” Steve asks.
“Look at us,” Tony goes on. “A couple sad saps.”
“Everything alright?” Tony asks, not looking up.
Tony grins. “You want to try with me?”
Steve suddenly feels sick.
It only takes a few seconds for the feeling of being alone to creep up into Steve’s head. He begins to think, and the thinking causes him to worry. He can’t remember the car accident, but for some reason, Tony’s behavior about it concerns him.
“I, um…,” he trails off, suddenly very nervous.
Tony had made a system of searchable camera compilations looking for Paul’s face. Since he couldn’t see who got out of the SUV, he could at least try to find the man and see if he had been near the accident. So far, he’d caught Paul within a block of the accident. The first, he was running away, and the second, he was walking towards the scene. He stood on the corner while the ambulance loaded a non-responsive Steve into their vehicle.
Steve stands up, takes Tony by the hand. “Come with me,” he says, and pulls Tony along to a hallway. He finds an empty room and closes the door behind them. The lights are dim, but Steve can still see Tony clearly. His face is neutral, not giving away how he’s feeling.
“I could use a shower, too,” Steve says suggestively, and Tony gets a wicked smile on his face.
The detective nods. “Cuts, bruises. But he’ll be alright. Mr. Swanson claims that their relationship was consensual. A type of BDSM that both men agreed to in advance.”
“I forget to eat when I’m in the zone,” Steve confesses.
responsible.
He’s surprised that someone has already brought around his car. The valet hands him his keys, wishes him well, and then Steve drives towards home.
“Steve,” Tony says firmly. “What’s going on?”
And after he’s done admiring it, Steve returns the supplies to the table, does a final sweep, and then heads back to the elevator. He sends Tony a final message, “Sculpture is finished. It needs to dry for 24 hours before being moved. Happy early birthday, Tony,” and then he pockets his phone and tries to ignore the pang in his chest as he drives home.
“Find something on TV,” Tony says, passing him the remote. “I’m going to get a couple drinks.”
He hesitates for just a second, long enough to decide he needs to relieve himself before he gets in the water. When he’s finished, he makes it over to the tub and steps a foot into the bath. The water is hot, but it feels good against his skin. He finally slides into the other side and the water laps at the edges as he settles in.
He nods, but slowly. “Yes, I think I’m coming with…,” he pauses. What does he call Tony? His boyfriend? It all seems too new to call it that. But, what else does one call the person they sleep with regularly? “Tony Stark will be accompanying me,” he finally says.
Steve lets Tony pull him into a light kiss. It doesn’t deepen, but they stand there like that for another few moments until Tony lets him go and turns back to drying the dishes.
“I’m fine. Just working in the lab. How about you?”
“Twelve hours too many.”
He rubs his neck as he stands in front of the block of wood, finally taking a breath and forcing himself to get a hold of his thoughts. He takes out his measuring tape and begins to draw Tony’s form on the wood, this time in perfect, precise lines. He leaves an extra few inches so he will have enough space to carve out detail, but eventually he has the body drawn and is ready to saw off the excess.
“I never wanted you to hurt me,” Steve says carefully. “Or anyone.”
“That’s a good trait,” Tony compliments. He downs the rest of his soda before standing up and following behind Steve. “I’ll probably head down to the lab in a bit, so if you need me I’ll be there.”
“We don’t…have any lube,” Tony states obviously.
“Feel better?”
“Tell me what you want, Tony,” Steve says back.
Steve doesn’t even get out of bed on Tuesday. He’d managed to sleep most of the day, and when night comes around he just plays with his phone. He hasn’t gotten any other messages from Tony, which is a relief and a worry at the same time. He wants to know what Tony is up to, but he restrains himself. He can’t give the man false hope. He needs to just fade into the background and pretend the week they got to know each other never happened.
“You ready to go?” Tony asks.
“Never felt like my money. I was going to donate it.”
Tony had to leave briefly so he could pull the car up, and the loss of contact and feeling of safety makes him nervous. Guards follow in front and behind him as the nurse wheels him towards the hospital exit, but for some reason, just having Tony present made him feel more at ease than these trained guards.
“No.”
“Tony,” Steve breathes.
“He’s gone now, Steve,” Tony says. “You can breathe. You’re okay.”
“You mean,” Tony begins, “that you came here to yell at me, and then you were just going to turn around and leave?”
Steve found himself at the bar he picked up clients at on Wednesday night. He wasn’t drinking, but he was there looking for a friend who might be able to help him let Paul go. He didn’t know how to tell Paul that he couldn’t see him anymore. He didn’t want to get on the guy’s bad side, but at the same time, he didn’t want to continue their agreement.
“You’re not worried about your reputation?”
“Mr. Rogers, do you need medical attention?”
Tony shrugs. “He wasn’t at liberty to discuss it over the phone.”
“Bye Steve.”
“Didn’t really look for it.”
“Fuck me, Tony,” Steve begs.
“Yes,” Steve breathes, leaning up again so the wrap can he removed. When it’s gone, Tony reaches up and pinches one of his nipples, then leans down to kiss the middle of his chest. He starts moving down, his hands going to Steve’s belt, unclasps it, and pulls it form the loops.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Then let’s take pictures,” he says. “We can take some at the gallery tonight.”
“A bag,” Steve says. “I don’t want to ruin it in the car.”
“Get in,” Tony says, nudging Steve gently. “I’m coming too.”
“Hey, what wrong?” Tony asks, taking his free hand back and reaching up to stroke Steve’s cheek.
Steve bites his lip. “Yeah, me too.”
“Yeah?” Tony asks curiously.
“I’m fine. Not the first time someone’s threatened to kill me, honestly. I get death threats all the time. It is the first time that someone I haven’t paid has tried to save me, though.” Tony grins, and his heart flutters when Steve just smiles slightly.
Tony follows him into the bathroom where he washes his hand until it is red from the hot water. Then the two of them go to the bed and lay down, Steve in front of Tony, with Tony’s arms wrapped around to hold Steve comfortingly.
“Yet. One day I’ll get to tell everyone I’m sleeping with Picasso.”
“Whenever you’re here,” Tony responds, and Steve rolls his eyes, knowing it’s a jab at not having slept over last night.
. When Tony pulls away again, he sees Steve’s eyes begin to water.
Steve smiles a little. “Hunt me down, huh?’
“You think so?”
For some reason, Steve finds it hard to look away. He smiles when he gets caught staring, but still doesn’t avert his eyes. He thinks that maybe, just maybe, he could be happy like this. He could put his other life behind him and start over and just let Tony take care of him, protect him,
He puts the knife down and grabs a brush and the container of varnish. He’s about half-way up the legs when his phone dings, but he ignores it so he can work faster. He uses long, precise strokes so that there isn’t any variation in the color. He’s working on Tony’s face, using a dab brush to get into the small crevices, when a particularly rough cramp rolls though his stomach and he drops the brush. It clatters to the floor just as the elevator dings open and Tony walks off.
“Good night, Tony.”
Tony jumps, but then he grins. “Forgot you were here,” he says. He gets up and wipes the invisible dirt from his hands onto his pants. “Sorry, I get in the groove sometimes and forget everybody exists.”
“Alright.”
Still dressed in his pajamas, Steve gets on the elevator and rides it down to the basement level. He signs contently when he sees Tony under a large metal frame, welding something onto it. Steve watches him for several minutes until Tony puts the welder down and goes for another tool.
But instead on commenting as such, Tony says again, “Can I buy you a drink, Steve?”
“I’d like that, Tony,” Steve says, nodding his head. “I want to be with you, too.”
“You could just keep it,” Tony shrugs.
Steve crumples the check in his hands. “This is sympathy money,” he insists. “And I don’t need your sympathy.”
Tony just grins and steps up behind Steve, pressing him gently into the counter as he reaches around and helps butter the bread.
“Maybe. But you can’t be too safe, Steve. This guy wants to hurt you. Hell, he
“I want to help you,” Tony finally says. “But if you think doing nothing is the best option, then we’ll try it your way.”
“I finally made myself go down into the lab. Just wandering around right now.”
Steve rolls the condom on and lines himself up, waiting for Tony to push down a little bit which will be all the permission he needs. He doesn’t have to wait long, because Tony is impatient and he wraps his legs around Steve’s hips and pulls him in quickly.
THREE
Steve grins, “I understand,” he says. “So clothed, neutral face, done in a week. Nothing to it, Mr. Stark.”
“Oh,” Steve says quietly. “I guess I…,” he trails off. He was too excited about working with Tony that he didn’t even think about that stuff? “I’m open to negotiation,” he finally finishes.
The drive to Stark Tower takes about an hour, but when he gets there he’s glad that Tony isn’t home right now. His message from earlier said he’d be back by eight, but Steve really, really wants to be done before Tony sees him. He just wants to go home and sleep this pain off.
“Steve,” Tony tries, his voice coming off like a warning. Steve is against the table so he can’t back up any further, but Tony takes another step forward, and then another. His hand is on Steve’s chest, flat against his shirt. His other hand comes up and lands on Steve’s arm just above the elbow. They stand there like that for what could have been hours.
Steve’s mouth goes dry. “Um, what’s the medium?” he asks. “Clay?”
“I’m fine,” Steve says quickly. “Sometimes I just forget that the body needs blood flow to its extremities.”
“So you spend a million dollars on a drawing that means nothing to you?” Steve yells. “You just waste your money like it’s nothing?”
Tony stops just a few feet from Steve, turns, and looks him up and down. He clearly wasn’t expecting a response. “It was a sculpture of myself,” Tony finally says. “For an event. My birthday, actually.”
He’s completely surprised that it was even possible. Sex has lost all meaning for him and is not usually a pleasurable experience. But it was the first time in a long time he’d cum just because he felt horny. No one was paying him. He did it because he wanted to. It’s actually a…good feeling. A normal thing to do.
“If it’s too weird for you, I don’t have to,” Steve says quickly. “I can probably do it without a physical measurement.”
“You earned this,” Tony insists. “The letter says it belongs to you.”
“You didn’t drag me anywhere,” Tony sighs. “If I didn’t want to be here, going through this with you, then I wouldn’t be.”
When Steve doesn’t respond, Tony moves his hand again. This time he uses it to cup Steve’s face. Their eyes connect, and Steve’s heart is beating so fast he’s afraid it’s going to beat right out of his chest.
Steve’s cheeks burn a little red, and he leans down on his elbows to kiss Tony tenderly. It lasts for half a second before Tony moves his hips and nudges Steve.
He ended up picking one with a young girl and her mother in the park, having a picnic. They’re both laughing and enjoying their time together. He’d drawn it after seeing the opposite, a crying girl and her mother yelling angrily at her. He’d drawn that, too, and after a few moments of debate he picked up the opposite drawing and held them side-by-side. The lines were pristine, and he’d used yellows and greens to accent certain elements of the drawings. These two drawings were perfect for the show, and with any luck, he might be able to sell them off.
He mostly drew Tony doing whatever it was Tony did, but sometimes he would draw other things, like the delivery boy who caught them having sex on the couch when the guard shack had let him up unannounced, or the cleaning lady who wrinkled her nose when she found a condom under the bed while Steve was grabbing his phone off the nightstand.
Tony’s eyes widen. “
Eventually, though, his car pulls up to the dingy motel in the middle of nowhere. Paul prefers places far away, as if somehow the further away the harder it is for his wife to know about his dirty little secret.
“Why?” Tony questions, and he shifts so that he is facing Steve, their chests pressed together. He reaches down slowly and rubs Steve’s thigh. “I could make you feel good, Steve. If you want me to.”
“What kind of suit?” Adam asks, splaying his hands across the whole shop. “Are you getting married finally, or preparing for a funeral?”
Hodge Gallery.”
But he isn’t thinking about Tony, that’s for sure.
“They mostly do,” Tony nods. “I’ve had plenty of stalkers in my time. So many, I had to invent an excellent security system to keep them out.”
Arriving home took a few minutes longer than expected because he’d missed his exit while being stuck in his thoughts. But eventually he gets out, grabs his clothes from the back seat, and heads inside. A neighbor sees him and whistles approvingly at his suit, and Steve just smiles and nods politely before unlocking his door and entering his small apartment.
MONTHS LATER
“Okay.”
“Well, give me the tour, then,” Tony says, changing the subject. He wants to keep this adventure light and happy.
Steve sucks in a breath. “Someone…hit me…on purpose?”
Tony just nods. “I decided I’m not going to let you go.”
“Why do they believe me now?” Steve manages to ask.
“You think too much,” Tony says quickly, and he reaches up to rub the worry out of Steve’s mind.
Tony’s eyes tighten suspiciously, but he finally just nods. “Alright. Nothing extravagant. I might have to rethink my dating strategy with you.”
Steve looks down, realizing that he must have woken Tony up with his shifting. He sighs again, taking a long, deep breath, before nodding his head slowly. “I’m going to be okay,” he says, and it sounds like a promise.
days. Maybe he’s got Tony on his mind.
“It doesn’t bother you that I used to…,” Steve trails off, feeling guilty even thinking it. “That I used to sell my body to strangers just to pay my bills?”
“I can’t be sure,” Tony says anyway. “The SUV had blackout windows, and since the trail has gone cold I couldn’t see who got out of the vehicle.”
him. He liked being made to feel important, special, like he was someone worthy of love. Even if it was just a façade and it was all just meaningless sex for Tony, Steve was glad he’d gotten the opportunity to be a part of whatever it was. And even if Tony broke things off with him tomorrow and he went back to the way things were before, Steve would still be glad for the short time he got to spend with someone as amazing as Tony Stark.
And then there’s the other real threat. When Paul sees photos of them together, he’ll figure out why Steve broke their arrangement. He’ll come after Tony. He’ll do horrible things just to make Steve suffer.
Detective Blakely sees them immediately. He asks to speak with Tony first, which leaves Steve sitting on a bench outside the windowless room. True to Tony’s word, he’s only in there for about five minutes, and he has a smile on his face when he comes back out.
“Yes.”
“I prefer wood, to be honest,” Steve goes on. “I could carve it, then varnish and paint. Would definitely be ready within two weeks.”
“Yes. If you still want to.”
“Of course, Steve. From the very first time we met, I was attracted to you. And from there I started falling for you. It’s just the little things you do. The way you smile, the way you bite your lip. The way you’re always trying to take care of me.”
“Absolutely, Steve. Come over whenever you want to. We can make dinner or something.”
They stand there and kiss for a moment before Steve finally slides his hand away from Tony’s face and backs up a pace.
Most nights they make it back to Tony’s bed, but there was one interesting incident in the back of a limousine, once on the floor in front of the couch, and one more in the elevator. Steve never knew that sex could be so good with someone else. And not just sex for the sake of sex, but sex with emotions, and feelings, and…
“Fine,” he says. “I’ll donate it.” He turns around, like he’s going to leave, but he sighs. He turns back to Tony, looks at him for a second. “I’m sorry,” he says finally. “I didn’t mean to…upset you.”
He finally enters the curator’s office and knocks on the door.
“It wouldn’t even be that hard. We could just kill Tony. No one would ever know. We could go back to the way things were before.”
A few hours later, when Steve’s arm has gone to sleep and the pins and needles feeling wakes him up, it takes a few seconds to recognize where he is. Tony is still wrapped around him, their bodies pressed together tightly. Dried come coats his stomach, but he decides there are worse ways to wake up.
Steve makes it up to the crotch of the sculpture, his hand holding in between the legs to steady the leg as he carefully whittles a line out, when the elevator dings open and Tony walks through.
“Steve,” Tony moans. “I’ll come if you don’t stop!”
Every once in a while, Steve will mention a direction to go, but for the most part they stay quiet for the whole ride into Brooklyn. When they finally pull into Steve’s neighborhood, Tony’s flashy car stands out like a sore thumb.
Steve sends back, “I’m sorry,” with no other explanation.
“Just stay with me tonight,” Tony begs him. “Just tonight.”
“Can we go for a walk?” Steve asks. “I feel okay.”
“Yeah, I guess I do.”
Steve nods. Surprisingly, this isn’t his first concussion.
, to be fucked against the cold tile wall, and Steve had every intention of repaying the pleasure Tony had been springing on him all week. He made sure Tony was satisfied completely before allowing himself to come, and they stood under the spray of the shower together for several minutes.
“Should I go?” he questions.
Steve’s mouth is suddenly very dry and he feels like he might hyperventilate. He bites his lip to get a hold of himself again. His head finally catches up and he takes a deep breath. He doesn’t usually get nervous around celebrities like that. He’s had a couple high rolling clients over the years. But for some reason Tony Stark was different. He was attractive, and assertive, and Steve found it a little more enticing than he should.
Steve squeezes his eyes shut as Tony thrusts into him. When he opens them again, he sees Tony staring down at him, the concentration on his face unable to mask the pure adoration he is feeling. Steve reaches up and cups Tony’s face with his hand, stares into his eyes, and he thinks how wonderful it would be to be loved by this man.
“In public?”
It feels strange, because he hasn’t taken an actual bath in so long. It’s usually five minute showers or the burning hot ones after meeting with Paul on Mondays. But today he wants to take a long, warm bath and think about what happened at the gallery, with
“Is this the fractured one?” he asks, poking it gently.
Tony stares at him for a moment, trying hard to understand, but there is no way to understand this. Steve is hurt, but here is he, trying to do this with Tony.
“You haven’t been to the 22
Steve’s face goes red and he drops his hand instantly.
“I want you to move in with me. I want to wake up with you. I want to watch you make art and I want you to be happy.”
But he refuses to think about Tony while he jacks off. He has to let Tony go. He has to get over him. So instead, he thinks about a porno he’d watched a while ago. He thinks about his client Ryan, and he thinks about an actor in a movie he’d seen. And when he comes, he thinks about Tony, how it felt to come with Tony’s hand wrapped around him.
“What were your parents like?” Steve asks.
Steve shrugs. “I lost it.”
“Only if you want to.”
Steve’s brow furrows for a second. He didn’t know of any LGBT marches in the area. It’s not even pride month. He glances back at Tony to see if he was joking, but his face is serious.
“I don’t know. But it would have been choice, you know? This life was sort of cut out for me and I never had any other option. Maybe I’d have been a garbage man. Maybe I’d have been the president.”
He slowly walks up the stairs to the first floor of Stark Tower, feeling completely out of his element. When he gets to the door, it opens automatically and he looks around, expecting to see another worker letting him in, but there is no one. When he steps through the threshold, a voice says, “Welcome to Stark Tower, Mr. Rogers. Please proceed to the elevator and go to the 51
Eventually, he passes out.
Steve sighs. “I guess…,” he trails off. “I guess I’m just worried what will happen when those photos get posted online. Everyone will know that we’re spending a lot of time together.”
“Man, Steve,” Ryan says after a while. “I think that was the best orgasm I’ve had in a long time.”
“Fashionably late,” Steve agrees, and then he pulls Tony in for a kiss. It’s deep and long, and sends sparks into his belly. It’s Tony who finally pushes him away.
Steve blushes again. “You think so?” he practically whispers.
Tony’s eyes tighten and then he holds out his hand for the phone. Steve hands it over, because he doesn’t know what else to do. He tries to listen as Tony chats with the detective expertly. His pulse is so loud in his ears that he can barely hear what Tony says. When the conversation is over, he numbly takes his phone back and bites his lip.
“Yeah, I’m sure.” Steve sighs and then bites his lip. “What are you doing tonight?” he asks.
“Do we really have to go anywhere?” Tony grumbles as the cold air hits his warm skin.
“Can we go lay down?” Steve asks quietly, and he gets to his feet in one swift motion.
He doesn’t drink in his private life, but his clients seem to like it when he drinks with them. He has a high tolerance for alcohol after years of being served drinks upon drinks. A few beers, which taste like dirt to him, won’t affect him in any way. They probably won’t even register on a blood alcohol test if he were given one.
Tony pretend pouts, but he starts going through his closet for a suit to wear. He finally finds one and puts it on, tugging uncomfortably at the tie until Steve comes up behind him and reties it.
Steve runs his fingers up Tony’s spine absentmindedly, trying to keep his thoughts clear but not really able to do so. His eyes move down to Tony’s cheek that is pressed against his bare chest, their legs intertwined. He can’t help but to smile. It feels good being here, just like this. It feels easy.
His hand pumps around himself, slowly at first, and then he feels a bit embarrassed when he grabs his phone and googles images of Tony Stark. There are millions of them out there, but he finds one with Tony on the beach, shirtless, making a funny pose. He’s a lot younger in this picture, but it’ll do just fine. Steve closes his eyes and imagines that he’s there on the beach, and he and Tony are together, they touch each other, hands roaming up and down each other’s bodies.
Tony’s eyes momentarily widen, but he hides it quickly. “Of course, babe. You do you. I’ll order some food while you’re in there. We’ll figure out a game plan when you’re ready.”
“I think whatever you want me to do, I will do,” Steve says simply.
Steve starts to move slowly towards Paul. The gun rises to point at him, but he feels confident that he won’t actually get shot. He moves until he’s just a few feet away, reaching out his hand.
“Tell me about it.”
“And I want to look like I’m having fun, but not too much fun,” Tony goes on. “Serious face with a smile kind of thing.” Tony laughs suddenly, but it doesn’t seem to be related to what he said before. “Look, I guess this isn’t nearly as hard as I thought it would be. The other guy, I made him sketch me naked and I wanted to display myself in marble. But after thinking about it, I don’t necessarily want my guests to see me in all my glory.”
The other one he stopped at was a sculpture of a family. There were two smiling parents, each with one hand on a child’s shoulder. The child was not amused, nor was he smiling. The children from the hospital seemed to like the sculpture as well. They asked why the boy was sad, but the artist wasn’t around yet to answer. Steve put a mental note in to go back later and ask the same question.
“What if he comes back?”
His GPS says it’ll take about thirty minutes to get there, so he’s got thirty minutes to be stuck in his own head for a while. The memory of last night, and the picture of a shirtless Tony, is still fresh in his mind and he wishes he had something else to think about. Because he’s pretty sure that he’s going to get hard again if he doesn’t stop thinking about that picture, about Tony touching him.
“I can order anything and have it here in two hours.”
Around eight, he heads back outside and gets in his car. He waits a few moments, taking a breath and trying to get his head back into the groove of things. He doesn’t want Tony to see him upset, so he has to shove that part of him down. When he finally goes start the car, he sighs and runs a hand across his face.
Tony rubs his temple. Steve can tell that he does not like it one bit, that doing nothing might be the one thing Tony Stark cannot do.
“When was that?”
“I know,” Steve finally says. “I know you wouldn’t.”
“Bringing anyone special?” she asks.
“Probably a week,” Tony shrugs.
Steve’s eyes go wide. He’s pretty sure no one ever has called him
They head back to the elevator together and get on. Tony presses the floor for the ballroom, and when it arrives there, Steve steps off.
Tony isn’t tired, so it takes him a while to fall asleep too. His mind is racing, and he wants to know where they’re taking Paul, what they’re going to charge him with, what security changes can he implement to prevent something like this from happening again. But eventually, he succumbs to the nap as well.
Shortly before Tony arrives back home, Steve gets a text message from the curator of the latest art show asking if he’ll be able to make the show or not, because tickets have been reserved for him just in case. Steve declines the offer though, because he doesn’t need to be present at the show. He’s had a dozen successful sales in the last month alone, and people know his name well enough without his face standing there too. And he wants the night off. Just to spend time with Tony with no responsibilities.
“That’s my good little slut,” Paul says. “You’re so hard for me. You’re going to come so hot and so fast.”
Tony signs again, turning to lie on his back. “I want…,” he starts, and then trails off. “I want to take care of you, Steve,” Tony begs. “I want you to come and…
Usually they spend a few hours talking about Ryan’s week, his stressful job, and how things are going in the world. Ryan likes to talk, and he likes to have a football game on in the background while they chat because it gives them something to break up the awkwardness of what they’re doing.
He gets no response, and hears no noises, so he enters slowly. He leaves the door open just in case he needs to make a quick escape and then makes his way around the apartment. He checks closets, he checks under the bed, behind the curtains, but there doesn’t appear to be anyone there anymore.
“Do you think it was excessive use of force, considering you had already taken the gun away from him?”
“Hey,” he greets, and Tony doesn’t respond with words. Instead, he pulls Steve in for a deep kiss that leaves them both breathless.
It takes him a long time, but eventually his breathing his even and his head is clear. He wanders back into the crowd and is surprised to see a large number of people gathered around his work. They’re talking about how Tony Stark wanted to pay a million for it, how Steve could be a big up and coming artist.
Tony briefly stands up and then sits back down again, straddling Steve as he leans in for a deeper kiss. Steve likes how easy this is, just kissing Tony and not having to worry about how much time they have left on the clock, or what client is next, or if he’ll be paid properly. The feeling is so wonderful that he’s already half-hard, willing things to slow down so he can just savor his time with Tony.
He collapses on top of Tony, still inside him even as he softens. They breath heavily against each other for several moments. Finally, when Steve is strong enough, he sits back and pulls out. Tony whines at the loss of contact, but Steve only moves briefly to discard the condom and grab his shirt from the floor, wiping them both clean before pressing their bodies together again.
When Steve pulls up at home, he heads straight to his apartment. He’s inches from reaching the door handle, to insert the key, to just go inside and
The room steadily clears until only the officers are left. They’ve done a good job at leaving Steve alone since their arrival, but now, one of them approaches the heap that is Steve on the floor.
has kissed
“I’m sure,” Steve sighs.
When he gets down to Tony’s lab, he smiles when he hears music playing. He sees Tony bent over a table using an etching tool to put tiny details into a sheet of metal. Steve still has no idea what it is Tony is building, but he is fascinated by the artistic movements the man makes as he moves over the metal.
“Is Paul still here?” Steve questions.
“Well, either way one or both of you are dying. You can live, Steve. You just have to come with me.”
Tony pulls back, coming up for a kiss. “You sure?” Tony asks. “We don’t have to.”
They hang up and Steve takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. He tries to get a hold of himself, to wipe the fear from his face. He doesn’t want Tony to worry to much, and he doesn’t want to have to explain himself. Not now. Not yet. He doesn’t know how to explain it, anyway.
“And I’m not worried about
Steve’s cheeks burn red. “Thank you.”
“Let’s order something,” Steve finally suggests. “We could watch a movie on the couch.”
“Absolutely,” Steve nods. “Wouldn’t miss it.”
Tony just stares back at him, squints like he’s trying to figure Steve out.
“Hi,” Tony says after a while.
Tony would bring him meals in bed and spoon feed him like a baby. They’d sit curled up together for hours, but Steve would almost always wake up alone and hear Tony in the other room on the phone or clacking away on his computer. He didn’t like how much time Tony was devoting to finding Paul. It seemed like Tony had developed a fixation, and it didn’t seem healthy.
“It is not sympathy money!” Tony yells back, finally frustrated beyond holding his emotions in. “I didn’t know they’d send you a check! How many times can I say it?”
“I got the first cuts made,” he says. “The wood looks good. It’s a perfect slab.”
“Oh, I know it will,” Paul says. “I just need to get rid of you, Steve. I need to make sure you can’t cause me any more trouble.”
“Steve,” the man smiles gently. “How’s it going?”
“Oh, I have plans for you.”
fault.”
“Alright,” Tony nods, and he wipes his hands on his pants and they head to the elevator together.
“Steve Rogers,” Tony tries out the name. “You in the show tonight?”
Tony gets up and puts his pants on quickly, then comes to stand in front of Steve, touching his face gently with his hand. He lowers his hand until it’s right over Steve’s hurt rib. “I would never hurt you,” Tony says. “I would never let anyone hurt you again.” Tony leans up, presses their lips together. It’s desperate. He doesn’t want Steve to go.
He finally manages to tip himself over the edge with thoughts of something else, someone else’s hand on his dick, someone else pressing him into the mattress.
Steve feels Tony’s hand in his, squeezing him gently, telling him that everything will be okay. He opens his mouth a few times to speak, but he just can’t come up with anything to say.
“Is that a good thing?”
Tony’s fingers stop dancing around Steve’s foot under the water and his eyes snap up to Steve’s. “Yes,” he answers simply. “And I guess I thought, or at least hoped, that you felt the same way.”
“What?”
When the coffee machine beeped, he poured himself a steaming cup and sipped it as he approached his easel. He paused briefly before sighing, and then he began to flip through some of his latest pieces. The depictions lately were of morbid, abstract things. He didn’t want to show those, so he searched for ones a few months previous.
“I love it, Paul,” Steve responds, trying to make it sound convincing. It must not matter, because Paul just keeps going. He leans forward and rips Steve’s shirt over his head. He leans forward and bites down hard onto one of Steve’s nipples, hard enough to draw blood. Steve hisses in response, but he’s trained his body not to pull away. He takes the pain, because it doesn’t last long. An hour and it’s over.
“It bothers me that you thought you had to do it,” Tony sighs. “I wish we’d met ten years ago, Steve. I’d have saved you. I’d have spent every day loving you and showing you how much you deserve to be loved.”
“Someone else got hurt
“Yes.”
“Just get inside me already!” Tony says insistently.
“Come on,” Steve says, more out of desperation to get his guy off him, to let this be over. It comes out in his sexy, musky voice, though, and the guy takes it as the tipping point. He comes hard, painting Steve’s stomach with cum. The guy squeezes even harder on Steve’s dick, so painfully now that he knows he’s going to have bruises for a few days. He doesn’t want to come, he really doesn’t. But the guy isn’t going to leave until he does.
“I told the hospital I fell down the stairs.”
to do.
“I have to get some work done,” Steve sighs. “And so do you.”
“I’ll tell her I lied, Paul. She’ll believe me.”
Most artists would stand beside their work to explain questions anyone might have, or to discuss their muse, but Steve preferred to walk around. He didn’t want his work to have his face, necessarily. He wanted people to make judgements on the work, not on the artist.
“The detective is going to come to the tower,” Tony says, taking Steve’s hand reassuringly. “He wants to talk about Paul, and why he may be involved in the accident.”
“Just greeting an old friend,” Paul says, and then he sticks his hand out to Tony. “Paul Swanson. I’m sure you’ve heard a lot about me.”
“What?” Tony questions.
“Believe it or not, Rogers, I support LGBT causes.”
“This might have been a bad idea,” Steve breathes.
“This isn’t your fault, Steve. Paul is a sick man. This is
“You think?”
The ride to Tony’s place doesn’t take as long as expected. Traffic cooperates, and within twenty minutes Steve is standing at the elevator doors, waiting for it to open and carry him to Tony’s penthouse. He bounces a little on his feet while he waits, not realizing that he’s excited to see Tony until he actually sees the man and feels a gallop in his stomach.
Steve nods and pulls out his phone, scrolling to the unanswered messages Paul had sent him when he’d first cut things off.
here. He wonders what it will be like when Tony eventually tosses him aside. How badly will his heart break, how long will it hurt for?
“From there, he’ll be taken to the county jail to await arraignment.”
“Okay,” Steve says quietly.
“Call the police. Make a report. Tell them who did it. You want to crash with me tonight?”
“Just overnight?”
Steve nods slowly. “Yes, Tony.”
Tony uses his own hand to push Steve’s shirt up, stopping when his hand hits the wrap underneath. He pulls away and stares down at the wrap.
“Mr. Rogers, I’m here to talk about Paul Swanson. We’ve been made aware that you think he is responsible for your car accident. Is that correct?”
How did Paul even know where he lived? That was Steve’s first question. The second was, why would Paul do this? And the third, what else might Paul do?
floor, he’s shivering a bit. He’s not sure why. Maybe he’s just nervous.
“Let me know how it goes with the police.”
“We should stop,” Tony says. “You’re hurt.”
“What’s this?” Tony asks, pointing to the stack of broken art.
“Sort of,” he says. “Really just coming for the company, but I will have a piece here.”
“Yeah, a bit. Enough to keep them off my back for a while.”
“Hello, handsome,” Tony grins into the phone.
Tony stays asleep, so Steve wanders through the house into the kitchen. He opens the fridge a few times, expecting to see something new, but Tony doesn’t really have much food. He has sandwich supplies, and leftover pizza, and beer, but nothing for breakfast.
Steve shifts them so that he’s on top, and Tony looks up at him. Steve just smiles again and moves his hands down Tony’s body, stopping to squeeze his thigh lightly before wrapping a light hand around Tony’s cock. Tony moans loudly, jolting his hips forward for more contact. Steve pumps him a few times, using his thumb to wipe away the precum that is leaking from Tony’s tip. He brings his thumb to his mouth and sucks, all the while Tony writhing under him.
“Can we...move to your bed?” Steve asks breathlessly.
“Those are all things I have done here,” Steve says, grinning.
“You aren’t a problem, Steve. Everybody’s got some weird baggage, and yours just happens to be a scary guy who is stalking you.”
“I’m not staying,” Steve says, leaving his car running.
“Who’s sappy now?”
A few minutes later, Steve finishes up the grilled cheese and he puts them on a plate. He and Tony sit across from each other and wait for them to cool off, making small talk and carefully avoiding anything about the past. Steve wants Tony to know everything about him and he wants to know everything about Tony, but it’s going to take a while to ease into things.
“I need a statement from Mr. Rogers,” the officer says, but he stands up anyway. “Can you come down to the station after things have settled down a bit? Detective Blakely is overseeing this investigation now. He’ll want to talk to Steve as soon as possible.”
,” Tony insists.
Steve sighs and then manages to sit up without grunting. He stands and starts looking for his clothes. “I don’t want to see you anymore,” he says finally, and the hurt that crosses Tony’s face is unmistakable.
When he makes it back outside, the valet runs to get his car and pulls it around a few moments later. Steve gets in and drives away quickly, trying to stop the tears from forming in the corners of his eyes. A mix of pain and confusion, and maybe a little bit of fear runs through him. He wipes his face, not sure why he’s crying. It doesn’t make sense. He’s not sad.
“I just…wasn’t expecting to actually see him here.”
“No.”
“Mr. Rogers, when the police arrived at the scene, they pulled you off Mr. Swanson. You were beating him. Do you remember that?”
He tries to keep his mind blank because he’s not sure he can handle the excitement and confusion at the same time. He needs to soak in a bathtub, and just…think about what just happened before he can react properly. He can’t decide if this whole this was a terrible joke, or if it was a terrible mistake, or if it could somehow lead to something good. What he does know, however, is that he is terrified of tomorrow.
“Thank you,” Steve says graciously. “I should be able to saw out the body shape tonight, and then I’ll head home.”
“I did, for a while,” Steve shrugs. “Easier said than done.”
Tony sighs and then pulls Steve back into another hug. “Don’t worry, okay? I’m going to take care of this. I’m going to make sure he never hurts anyone ever again.”
Phil answers on the fifth ring, sounded exasperated.
“Missed you last night,” Tony breathes.
“Tony,” Steve calls, not waking to scare him but unsure of how else to announce his presence.
“What if I come over?”
They also don’t talk about Tony’s childhood, because from what Steve can tell, it wasn’t all rainbows and ponies. Tony had let slip once that his father was an authoritarian, his way or the highway, and at some point he’d briefly chosen the highway before being drug back home. But that was all he’d ever mentioned of his parents.
Steve doesn’t move, just enjoys the feeling of being wrapped up with Tony. He wonders how long they’ve been like this. How long did it take Tony to come to bed after tucking Steve in when they’d first gotten back?
Steve’s eyes are a little wide. He wasn’t aware that Lucas had picked up Paul as a client. He suddenly feels guilty. More guilty than he’s ever felt before, because if he’d just said something, maybe Lucas wouldn’t have…
“I’m f-fine,” Steve insists, holding up a hand when Tony tries to come near him again. “I’m going to…go,” he says. “I’ll be back on Wednesday to finish the varnish.”
Steve nods. “His name is Paul, and he broke into my apartment and tore it to shreds. Broke everything I had, really just made a bad situation worse to be honest. He threatened to ruin the person I’d replaced him with, if he found out.”
Paul turns and walks out of the crowd that has suddenly formed around Tony and Steve, and Steve feels like the world might actually explode right now. He can’t breathe, he’s having trouble keeping himself standing up. He thinks he might be having a panic attack.
“You okay?” Tony questions, looking up to make sure.
“O-okay. Thanks.”
“You like that, Cap?” the guy says, his hand tightening more.
“Well…,” he pauses, unsure of how to ask the question, unsure of what answer he even wants. “I was talking to the curator today and she asked me who I was bringing, and I just said I was bringing you, because I didn’t know what to call you. And just now I was thinking about how nice it was to do the dishes with my boyfriend, but I don’t know if I can call you that…because I don’t really know what we are, or if we’re just fuckbuddies, or what this is. I guess we never talked about it.”
Tony looks like he’s about to make a witty joke, but his phone rings and he pulls it out of his pocket. His face clenches for a moment before he sighs and holds up a finger for Steve to wait. He steps back a few paces to answer, talking low, but Steve still hears most of the conversation.
to help him feel better.
Steve closes his eyes. What is he sorry for? Sorry for kissing Tony, sorry for lusting after the other man? Sorry for making Tony think he was something other than a common whore? Sorry for playing into Tony’s casual flirtation, making him think there was something when it was really just Steve doing his job?
Steve hugs Tony’s arms against his body and he closes his eyes, suddenly too tired to do anything else but fall asleep.
“It’s easy,” Tony says soothingly. “I’ve given lots of statements before.”
“It’ll be alright,” Tony says soothingly. “I’ll be right there with you, if you want me to.”
On Wednesday morning, Steve manages to get himself up. He limps his way to the bathroom, ignoring his reflection. He takes a cold shower to wake up and then walks around naked for a while until he can stand to put his clothes on. He’s still pretty sore, but his body is already healing. The bruise on his stomach has turned to a dark yellow. He’ll be fine, he decides.
Steve doesn’t sleep well that night. Every sound in the night makes him think Paul is trying to break in, or that he missed something and Paul never left, that he’d been hiding and waiting for Steve to fall asleep before attacking. His innermost fears come to the surface while he tries to sleep, and when his alarm goes off he just glares at it.
the baggage.”
“Morning,” Tony says. “Wasn’t expecting you up this early.”
They’re quiet again for a moment. “Everybody wants to be happy,” says a girl in the back of the line.
“I want…,” Steve says, “I want you, Tony. God, I want you.”
“Not…that I can recall,” Steve pauses. “Oh, my art show. He was there.”
“Still think it’ll be done in two weeks?”
THIRTEEN
“Hey,” Steve smiles back. “You working already?”
“Hell yes,” Tony says, and he flips them again. He spits into his hand and uses it as lubricant. Steve spreads his legs wider to give Tony better access, gasping when the first finger presses in. A few moments later, a second finger joins the first, stretching Steve wider.
really loved it.”
Steve smiles a bit. “Are you ready now?”
“Someone offers to buy me a drink, and if it’s a one-time thing, I bring them back here,” Steve says. “What we do after that is up to you.”
He’s glad that Paul doesn’t actually want to fuck, because he can only imagine what pain would be involved with that. Paul is married, but he doesn’t want to cheat on his wife, and he thinks that a rough hand job in an old motel outside of town isn’t cheating. Steve really doesn’t care what the situation is. Money is money, and money pays the bills.
Steve grins, and he teases Tony for a moment before gently pushing his first finger past Tony’s clenched ring. Tony gasps again, but he rocks back and forth, trying to get more contact and to get Steve deeper.
He thinks that maybe their conversation is over, so he puts his phone back on the shelf and starts to get his hair wet so he can shampoo it, but yet another message dings onto his phone.
It sounds like it’s between Tony and the police, because he’s asking if they’ve “found the guy” and “how hard can it be to track down a totaled SUV.” Tony makes several frustrated noises before pulling his phone away from his ear and disconnecting the call. He sighs in annoyance, recomposes himself, and then steps back up next to Steve.
Steve also sees that his other arm, the one that hurts, is wrapped in a sling. He can’t tell if the bone is broken, or just sprained. He doesn’t have the strength to move it to see how bad it hurts. He wants to sit up, but there is no way to do it. He’s attached to too many machines, and his body hurts too much anyway.
“Ready?” he asks, when Tony groans as he slicks up his own fingers.
“Where’s the bar here?” Tony finally asks, and suddenly the tension is diffused. One of the workers points out the entrance to the bar and Tony starts to walk off, but he stops and turns to Steve. “I’ll be in there, if you want to join me,” he says.
“Steve, are you—,” Tony begins, but Steve cuts him off.
“I don’t have that luxury.”
“Absolutely,” Steve says.
“Then I’ll call the police again.”
“Um. I have…,” Steve gulps a little. He’s trying to regain control. He needs to do this, so that the police can investigate and maybe put a stop to Paul hurting other people. So he continues, “I have text messages from him threatening me, and…Tony,” Steve says.
Steve shrugs. “Why not?”
“Independent contractor,” Steve lies easily. “Whatever people need me to do, I do.” It’s not technically a lie, really. That’s exactly what he does.
When he gets to the check out line, the woman smiles flirtatiously with him and he just smiles back because he can’t wait to get back home, to make this food, and to eat it with Tony. And maybe after breakfast they’ll have a little fun. Maybe a lot of fun. Maybe they’ll spend the whole afternoon together curled up on the couch and watch old TV reruns.
“Uh, Mr. Stark,” Steve greets. “Am I early?”
The officers eventually leave, but they promise to send an extra patrol around his building over the next few days to ensure the perpetrator doesn’t come back. Steve isn’t comforted by that, but he just shrugs and thanks them for coming, accepting their report. He sits it down on the counter and starts to clean up the mess Paul had for him.
“You don’t know?”
“Being…together.”
“Technically, I own this place so I never have to get dressed. And my guests are under strict rules of ‘no shirts, no problems.’”
“Quick and easy,” Tony promises, and he leads the way into the precinct.
“’Night, Tony.”
He doesn’t get an immediate answer, so he takes a few steps around the room. It’s extravagantly decorated, so lavish that it makes Steve very uncomfortable. He’s suddenly doubting his skills as an artist capable of producing a sculpture that Tony will appreciate. It’s probably just his own self-doubts coming through, because he knows he does good work, but compared to the millions that must have been spent just furnishing this place, he doesn’t know if his sculpture will fit the décor.
“Yes. I’m done for now.”
“Steve,” Tony finally says, turning onto his side so he can look at Steve’s face. “I want you to come home with me.”
When Steve pulls back, he looks at Tony again. They just smile at each other. This moment feels perfect.
“I haven’t claimed anything,” Steve says slowly.
He’s surprised that the bar is much quieter than the gallery. Only a few people are at the counter, and three or four in the booths. His eyes adjust to the darker lighting and he scans, not seeing Tony instantly, and his chest feels a little relief. He’s about to walk back out when someone calls, “Rogers!” from a booth at the back.
On his days off, Steve usually draws quietly at home, or occasionally he’ll visit an art gallery a few blocks over that had once featured his art. It’s a good way to meet new kinds of people who don’t want to sleep with him, and who could help him further his career as a starving artist. He doesn’t have any real hope of that, but sometimes he meets people interested in his particular style. It’s nice to be able to talk to someone and not have to pretend.
“I know. Just want to make sure it stays that way.”
“That’s great!” she says. “He always has a unique appreciation for local artists.”
“So?”
“You okay?” he asked, concerned.
“Am I messed up?” Steve questions.
“I think everything you create is art by definition,” Steve murmurs, and then his ears turn red because did he
So he’d spent every moment possible over the last week working on this case. The police couldn’t specifically look for Paul, as there was no evidence he had caused the accident and Steve had never filed any reports of harassment from the guy, so it was literally looking for a needle in a haystack.
Your stomach swoops upside down, around and over itself. It's not all bad. It reminds you of flying. You heft yourself tighter against the body next to you, clawing in a way that is not related to need in any way except a need for safety and comfort.
Change comes eventually.
The thought is brief and stands no chance against the relentless need, but it’s there. It’s there and you remember it after you’ve spilled your release—not the first to be here, the squelch and wetness betrays—and drag yourself away from him.
And you brought him here.
You're no match for a super-soldier. He flings your body off of his and into the floor like a ragdoll, his chest heaving, pale skin flushed a dusky red. Sweat is already making his skin glisten in the cold light, and you know, suddenly, it's worse for him than it is for you. That's a first.
but it would be wrong. Not every familiar looking alien is one of them. The Others are manifold, they come in all shapes and sizes. The second thing you learn is not to pay attention to shape. Proportions matter, appearance doesn't. It keeps you occupied, even somewhat lucid, trying to gauge from their build alone how much your body will be wrecked.
Maybe blue is your new favorite color; you’ve seen enough red to last you a lifetime.
One is so Other you can't make out what
He was smaller than the rest. A challenge still, but you prevailed. Someone paid penance and it wasn't you, not this time. You're not weak. You're animal as much as The Others are.
Change comes sudden, with no doing from your side. You hear noises of fight when They lead you down the ever-blank corridor, and that catches your attention. It’s brief, over quickly, but the sound clings to you, plays even underneath the
Something else found you instead. Faceless machines, smooth as marble, pure as mother-of-pearl. Vaguely human in build—longer limbs, eight foot tall. They moved through a blur, as though the fabric of reality itself was shifting to accommodate their presence. Maybe it did. Does.
You think: at least that, you can understand.
Sometimes, you're convinced it's all some karmic joke, made by the universe at your endless and excruciating expense. Sometimes, you think The Portal killed you and this is your hell. Your eternity. Even if it were, you would never know for certain, and that's what terrifies you most.
You think: every experiment needs someone doing the poking.
Everything about the act was violent. Vile. Abhorrent.
You crawl to the wall and drag yourself upright. Your legs shake, your body wracked by tremors that belie the restraint your expression shows. Control is a myth. You are holding on by a thread. A thread, but that's everything you need.
It clicks. He is no Other.
Take or die.
Two. No more, no less. Nothing, in the grand scheme of things.
You find out exactly how much will fit until you come apart at the seams in a way so literal you didn't think there was any recovering from.
when you slip through the open door of The Room, only what you are running
Maybe you should be concerned there’s something wrong, in your head and your body, and maybe you shouldn't feel eternally grateful when They come and take you away, but you find you have forgotten how to care about shoulds.
You wish it wasn't.
. Or you stoke the flames, burn everything down until the earth is charred black, and if you're lucky—come out alive. Ashes to ashes. The phoenix again; you know that one already.
You live to see another day. You don't know what a day is, anymore. Not here.
you figure, sometimes. In the rare moments you can form more than monosyllabic thoughts.
Everything was clearer than ever and yet you found yourself in a haze, caught in the throes of a wildfire that spread from your loins to
He looks different. Still broken (your bones ache with real and sympathetic pain when you look him over) but he's had time to heal. He's stronger. His jaw clenches and his fingers flex.
Water is stronger than fire.
The thought sends a sharp pain through you that is, for once, not of physical nature. It hurts, to think about them, about
Grab a tuft of hair, face to floor. A broken nose. In lust-drunk frenzy, find the front hole first. A dislocated jaw. Three incisors. Bend a leg too far, step on something. A broken kneecap, a shattered ankle. Resistance is against one's better judgement: cracked ribs, cracked hip.
They pried away your armor, gold-titanium alloy turned wet tissue paper. In other circumstances, you might have been amazed, but with your only protective layer gone, anger and trepidation were the only emotions that remained.
Since the latter wasn't an option, you would fight, and lose, and fight again. And then one day you'd stop, just to see how that felt, and it was easier. A relief.
You're an animal. You're afraid.
Very few people can study, understand and learn to apply thermonuclear astrophysics in the span of one night. Those who do usually have a name.
you know that much, but not even Steve Rogers can do
There's more blood than spend.
Only later, when the haze bleeds out of you and you savor a brief respite in the blissful silence of your own cell—an uncomfortable sleeping pad in a room no larger than it—you come to understand what this means.
You've always enjoyed breaking nonsensical rules. This preset string of code isn't all that different. For every rule there's a loophole, a workaround. The human body is vulnerable, but it's also much,
The chamber They put your body in—your brain thinks
Escape isn't on his mind.
His eyes are wild as he pounds into you. The slide is easy now. It burns worse now. You gasp for breath and feel silly for even trying when not a wisp reaches your lungs. You mouth his name but he only stares through you, penetrates your skin in another way altogether.
The second time, you wish you could forget.
You have yet to encounter an object to bleed yourself with. But the absence of time has taught you patience, and so you wait.
One has tentacles.
The Room swallows your cries, your tears, your blood. You wonder how many gallons of it have seeped into the floor already.
The first is also the last time you attempt an escape.
First, you wonder. Then, you begin to consider.
The human body is soft, breakable, malleable. By extension, so are you. (That would be the third truth.)
You’re awake enough to pick up their voices. That’s Steve.
Your mind would tell you,
He notices your lack of response and quiets. The wetness in his eyes paints his eyelashes a deeper black. You aren't sure how to tell him what he doesn't know: that he's harmless compared to The Others, that he shouldn't apologize, that you're to blame for bringing him here.
Steve falls asleep not too long after. He’s spent, and he’s tired, and that’s all he needs in order to have good dreams.
The next step is to draw a body shape onto the wood and saw it down to size, but suddenly Steve wished he had in fact drawn Tony’s body. He didn’t get a feel for how thick the man’s shoulders were, or how wide his waist was. He’s just going to have to take a rough guess and cut the body shape bigger, and then carve it down when he gets to it.
Tony moves down to crouch between Steve’s legs. He coats two fingers with the lube and then presses one into Steve’s tight ring. Both of them grunt at the sensation.
Steve chokes. “What?”
The weather is nice, so this is the perfect place to draw Tony. There’s a small two-seater table in the middle of the garden, as if Tony were expecting Steve to need exactly this space to draw in.
“Not much. I just dropped off my piece for the show tonight. I was going to get some food.”
“I like it,” Tony finally says. “How much is it? I want to buy it.”
Steve sucks in a breath, trying to control his emotions. He’s suddenly terrified, and he’s not sure why. For some reason, talking about Paul makes this whole thing real. Someone else believing that Paul caused the car accident makes it even more frightening, because it means it’s a possibility. It means that there’s a man out there who actually wants to harm him, and there’s nothing he can do about it.
“What are you working on?”
“Steve Rogers?” the guard questions.
“There’s a diner right around the corner,” Steve says. “How about I treat you today?”
He bites his lip, unsure of what to do. Was it a real invitation, or was Tony just pulling his leg? Maybe he wants to talk more about the drawing. Maybe he wants to just mess with Steve’s head. He’s not sure, and he doesn’t like the way his stomach is feeling right now, so instead of heading to the bar he makes his way into the bathroom and tries to calm himself down.
When the pizza is gone, and Steve’s stomach juts out from being so full, he yawns again and then stands up. “I better get back to work,” he says. “Work in the morning and all.”
“Steve,” Tony says, eyeing him.
Steve sighs again. He doesn’t think Tony is taking this very seriously. The obvious threat to him has been like an elephant weighing on Steve’s chest. That’s why he’s always been so hesitant to let Tony take him out in public. He doesn’t want his identity to somehow cloud the view or perception of Tony Stark.
Take.
They’ll break him too, and it’ll be your fault. Because you built The Portal. You walked through it without considering the repercussions. The blatant, arrogant lack of failsafes is laughable. What a futurist you are.
Two. Mercifully, you start to feel numb.
He hasn't seen you like this. Six of The Others came before him, and their visits have taken their toll.
A dawning horror washes over you and then abates as you understand that she was ready to follow you and Steve into The Portal—but you stumbled back out before she could.
If, then, else.
He was larger than a baseline human by all accounts. You couldn't help but stare, felt an ache in your own groin—hot and throbbing as if you'd been craving release for
Dissection, it turns out, is less insightful and more gruesome when you trade places with the frog under the scalpel.
The Room is always tall and barren and clean. It absorbs the fluids. The walls are always smooth and impenetrable, their color the same as ceiling and floor. You're always being watched; it's not a question, not a maybe. Every surface gives off a cold, bright glow. There's no other source of light.
Sometimes you scream. Cry, often. Quietly. You aren't sure if it's a comfort, but you remind yourself it doesn't matter either way: They're indifferent toward your agony. They care about results. Findings. Throw something at another thing and see what happens. Bear, stick.
This is everything there is and everything there will ever be.
You wonder if They will consider a mercy killing, once you're too broken even for a lab rat. The possibility that pushing you toward that breaking point may very well be Their goal is real and terrifying.
In the end, They lead you back to The Room. There's no punishment but the continuous, familiar torture that is this place and your existence within its bleak walls. It doesn't compute.
You shouldn’t have turned around, you think, as he locks your head between his thighs and forces himself between your lips instead. He’s down your throat with the first push, and doesn’t care for your gagging and crying and the way your fingernails rip his back open.
Time starts to lose meaning. You stop worrying about it.
You don't know where you're running
Fire still burns under your skin, scorches your nerve-endings, tempts you to give in. You can’t, not now. Not now that you’ve seen a possibility, now that hope has crooked its finger and beckoned you toward it. Some of the clouds lift, the haze momentarily lessened, and his ocean eyes retain some of their color.
Knowing or not, it wouldn't have mattered. The awareness doesn't change the outcome, it can only prepare for what's inevitable: you'll be overpowered. You've learned that the hard way, too.
It destroyed everything in its wake, and the smoke rose to your lungs: it was going to choke you, this need, the unbearable urge. You knew—with the same certainty you'd known Mark II would fly, the Chitauri would be followed by something worse, The Portal would power up—that the only way to hinder the fire from burning you alive was to heed its demands.
Left, right, left. You shake your head, your face brushing the coarse cotton pillowcase. The others are confused, but Steve looks like he’s seen a ghost. It’s dawning on him.
The Other steps inside.
Now, all you have is this abomination of something you distantly remember longing for. It's yet another violation of your personhood, and you almost dare think it's a greater hurt than all the times The Others have ground your body to nothing combined.
You might've thought about him some nights, the things he'd say and do, how he would look in you or you in him.
One of these moments is now.
you observe. Your voice is a hoarse rattle, barely human at all, and it draws a wince out of him. Once the words register, you’re met with a silence that spells out confusion.
If the desperation bleeds into your voice, he doesn’t say, but his face turns alight. Any emotion is an emotion, you know, and he'd rather hear your desperation than pay witness to any more apathy.
A few of The Others enjoy it.
, you think.
The next time you are in The Room with Steve, he walks with a limp. His foot is swollen an angry, purplish red. He favors his right side. There’s blood and semen coating his chest, legs, back.
Not in the shape of a blade, or a blissfully irreversible harm done to the flesh prison that is your body. (You hoped, some miles down the road, that your nerve endings would blunt, that the sensations would become tolerable as the novelty of the feeling faded. You've never been that lucky.)
meant. Parts of yourself in the cave (before the cave), in the wormhole, in the ocean, maybe. But you'd never learned what it was to be stripped of everything and be left a husk.
You learn quickly.
Fi-ve. Five is an easy number. A small number. The simplicity sticks. You seldom have only five of something. What's five? Five billion? No, that's not right. Five suits. No. Five times five. Five Avengers. Maybe. If you don't count yourself among them.
Sometimes, when you're allowed to think without the need clouding your mind, you question how long it’s been.
all day until the end of eternity.
The fourth truth you learn is that this isn't mindless cruelty or even perverse fascination. The Others, you, you're an experiment. Science. Clinical evaluation.
and you start to rethink that belief. If They can understand what is being said, They don’t interfere with your plans. So, perhaps, They can't understand. Why else would They allow for any possibility of escape?
They’ll break him and you can’t—you can’t watch. You can’t be a part of it. You can’t be a reason, the
His eyes are blue when they meet yours.
The pang of jealousy you feel is directed toward his state of non-undress. Clothes. What’s wearing clothes like? You don’t remember. The scratchy gown you’re in doesn’t really compare.
There are two times you come out on top.
And then he nudges against the place they've violated more times than you can count and you struggle because you can't
The first time and the ones that followed, you would fight. Dignity might have been a motivator. Fear, also. The driving force: fight or flight.
You wonder if you could slit your throat without Them catching you before you’ve bled out.
and you realize you were concerned about the wrong aspect of this coupling when it tears into you with a barbed
The Other circled around you, and you backed into one corner. He—it—no, he. He towered a foot over you, the difference evident even from a distance. The undersuit was a flimsy layer of fabric. You felt naked. The Other
Defeat seemed inevitable, but you fought anyway. Desperation is funny like that.
The odds are—you don't know. You don't really care. They're not good. You don't have enough data for a more in-depth evaluation.
that is supposed to swallow up every last tidbit of your conscience.
You don't know what to expect. A punishment, most like. You begin to wonder what could be worse than this. Your hands tremble, and so does all of you. It's your own personal earthquake, and it rips open your outer layers and exposes the ugliness that lies beneath.
Steve’s shoulder brushes Tony’s. Steve’s not even trying to hide his smirk when he snaps a picture while Tony is protesting this whole thing.
“Better how?” Tony asks him.
“You’re not going to die from filming a romantic comedy,” is what Tony’s manager, Maria Hill says to him when she delivers the news.
Steve smiles at him under the yellow library light across the table where all their books are spread out. “My first impression of you was that you were a—what did you call it? A trust fund baby?”
