Stark tilted his head again and Bucky felt himself tense again. If he was going to push it there was going to be a problem. Bucky opened his mouth to put everyone out of their misery and end the conversation that never should have started, but the look on Steve’s face stopped him. He and Stark were staring at one another, and when Stark spoke next in quietly uttered Italian it couldn’t have been clearer that the rest of the table had disappeared for them.
As Bucky left and closed the barn door behind himself, he saw a flash of something out of the corner of his eye. A pale face and wide eyes. Bucky was moving before he’d even registered it, surging around the corner of the barn in pursuit of the fleeing figure.  He snatched at it, her, and came up with a handful of her scarf. The girl on the other end of it grunted in pain and tumbled to the ground. Bucky was quick to grab her, hauling her to her feet and slamming her up against the side of the house. She opened her mouth to scream and Bucky clamped a hand over her mouth.
Tony frowned glancing from the letter he was penning to Niklas toward the wall adjacent to his bedroom as if he could see through it into the drawer were he’d tucked the captains last letter in the nightstand. He was again having trouble reconciling the man he’d witnessed the morning the captain had departed with the man captured on the front of the society pages. None of it made sense to him. He grabbed the parchment where he was dictating the children’s activities in excruciating detail to the captain and added:
The admission was small and quiet and Tony did not miss either the confusion or fear behind it but he was overcome by such a feeling of tenderness and sorrow for the boy at his side (and such guilt for his words and thoughts of earlier) that he pulled Péter close and hugged him tightly.
“You mean after you’ve risked your life to extract your friends from Dachau and exhausted every last option to save Austria?”
It was the same every morning. Blood draw, injection and inspection. Steve stretched his arms as he was commanded out on both sides. The doctors measured him from fingertips to sternum, from head to tail bone, every inch of him under their eyes. They examined his balls, measured his length, pulled his mouth open, and stuck their probing fingers inside. He could hear the scribble of pen on paper, but despite his eyes being open Steve couldn't see them.
“What the hell-” he began, but Tony cut him off, as he and the others more ran than walked through the opening gates as soon as there was space for them to do so.
"My family and I have been here twice. My father is ever so close with the Führer." Rita bragged, her eyes narrowing on Natacha before they moved back to Ian. "Your father is the war hero isn't he? Don't deny it."
“What if I told you we want your help taking down the Nazis?” Coulson, switching abruptly to polish, sat up straighter and leaned closer. His voice was too soft and even for the suddenly dire nature of the conversation but given its subject matter Steve understood why he would take careful pains for it not to carry.
She regarded him from across the table, her expression tight before sighing. “I’d hardly call any of this easy, Stefen.” Charlotte had long ago given up trying to coral him. Instead she weathered it (weathered him) as if he were a storm that she simple had to make it through, and then all would be right as rain. Shadows played across her face in the low electric lighting, casting circles that Steve knew better than to think were under her eyes. For one unguarded moment she allowed herself to look tired, shoulders slumped heavy and face lax with weariness.
Ingrid was a jealous twit about this, but she pretended to be Natacha’s friend anyway because Natacha was Fraulein Werner’s favorite and her father was a national hero. And likely, this was also why Emil and the other boys buzzed about her skirts like annoying flies even though she was younger than them.
“Hey, stay with me Cap.” Tony cajoled, continuing the gentle motion of his hands rubbing over Steve’s skin. He was being distracting on purpose, purposefully making light of what he’d suffered just keep Steve grounded. Maybe he could feel it, how close to the edge Steve was. Hell he could probably see it, Steve wasn’t doing the best job hiding the insanity bubbling inside his head right now.
The washroom door opened and Steve stepped through, already in his morning clothes, his hair neatly combed and parted. You'd have no idea he had been somewhere outside of his mind the night before, not a hair was out of place to suggest he'd unraveled.
Finished, he let himself sag once more with a whoosh of breath and rolled over onto his back. He turned his head and peered through his sweaty bangs to look at Tony leaning against the doorway of his bedroom, staring down at the both of them with an incredulous expression. Steve flashed him a tired smile, catching a few ragged breaths before he reached over to slap Bucky hard against the knee explaining, "Gaoaza means this one is an asshole."
“Virginia I’ve just come from town. I called earlier about the milk and eggs that should have been delivered and never heard back. Which was so odd I just knew something had to be going on. You’ll never believe but they’ve arrested Herr Boesch!”
Cameron’s haunted eyes, which had been staring sightlessly at his hands a moment before swiveled to meet Péter’s. They were filled with tears.
Bucky cleared his throat, and Tony jumped, having forgotten he was there. Bakhuizen opened his mouth and then cleared his throat again before he managed to get out, “someone ought to let Charlotte know. So she can tell the kids it’s safe.” Bucky’s tone clearly suggesting that Tony should be that person but there wasn't a chance in hell he was leaving Stefen. He couldn’t. Not yet. Maybe not ever.
Steve didn't move for two days. He slept in deep dreamless spurts, with little recollection of the in-between moments. The woman had come back with another ratty blanket to keep the draft at bay, but nothing could keep the chill from seeping into Steve’s bones. It was cold in the barn even with blankets and hay, and it seemed that as soon as the rush from immediate danger was gone, his body gave in to its wounds. He knew he had to leave, but the woman had been right. Even with two days of sleep he was in no condition to walk out of the barn on his own steam.
That would certainly explain why the captain had wanted to keep their arrival secret and to get rid of them as quickly as possible. Tony was no art expert but he recognized the rendering of the boy and girl on the poster as the same ones he’d met in the front hall two weeks before.
You could choke on the silence. Bucky reached for the maple sauce and drizzled it over his müesli and ham. The little droplets sounded like gongs and he mentally cursed the two of them for making him feel like he was one of the children. One thing was for sure if Stark didn't play along and keep quiet, Bucky was going to-
It was a few long pregnant moments before Bucky spoke again. “The cabin belongs to an old comrade of ours. Philips should have provisions for the winter there but you’ll have to ration. If you run out, there is game in the woods, but only leave the cabin as a last resort. The nearest neighbors are miles below you. It’ll be tempting to let your guard down.” His tone was a little gentler but it grew hard again as his eyes bored into Tony’s and he warned, “Don’t.”
They’d not talked about it before and they should have. One did not simply just decide one day that they were going to take a lover of their own sex the same way they decided today they might wear a red vest.
“Restrict their lessons primarily to the mornings and leave the afternoons light. Does that satisfy you Stark?”
He’d looked every inch the hero to Charlotte that day, tall and broad shouldered, blond haired and blue eyed, and so handsome she’d suddenly felt every inch the awkward schoolgirl. But it hadn’t been either the tales of his heroism or his looks that had captured her heart and kept it through the years.
A pang of sympathy helped cool some of Steve’s lingering anger. He’d never doubted that Susann enjoyed her life or the business she’d built to support her family, but he also knew how smart she was. She was every bit as smart as her father and maybe, in a different world, she might have been a brilliant doctor herself one day.
It was only wise. This was his life after all. His untarnished name was his last measure of defense. The heart could say what it wanted to, but Tony was good at compartmentalizing problems and looking at things logically.
“The country’s changed, Steve. They all do. Hell, our home doesn't even exist anymore. Yesterday it was Galicia today it’s Poland, tomorrow it will be fucking Ukraine for all we know. You’ll spend your whole life fighting someone elses war if you aint careful. So busy protecting everybody elses life you never stop to have one of your own.”
Baroness Schrader certainly kept the conversation going, aided by Bakhuizen’s sharp wit, and Tony’s excellent conversational skills but Stefen had regressed to grunts and short answers, his discomfort at the table obvious. Tony did his best to relax him, steer the conversation away from those trigger topics he was noticing, and draw him out of his shell. He was having mixed success because it turned out that the Baroness was some sort of social activist and wanted to know the churches opinion on any number of topics that tended to make Stefen tight lipped. If Farkas only knew that Tony was being asked to speak for the church he’d probably roll his eyes back so far he’d lose the good one.
"Péter?!” He called out, unceremoniously shoving at the woman in front of him who let out an alarmed shout, but Tony didn’t even spare her a thought, that one barely heard word echoing in his head over and over again in the voice of a phantom.
A flash of red out of the corner of his eye caught Steve’s attention and he swiveled back around toward the bench behind, where James was sitting up with a big yawn, cap in one hand while the other scratched lazily at his scalp. Steve snatched the cap out of his hand and tugged it roughly back on his head, ignoring James’ indignant squeak.
Stefen chuckled despite the worry still clinging to him and pressed a kiss to the top of her head, gaze meeting Tony's as he murmured in reply, "of course. The kitchen will be nice and warm with the stoves going. Why don't you go down with Tony while I wake Cameron up?"
Butler most grand tilted his chin, if possible even further up, a smile playing across his lips. "Yes.... if you go around back you can’t miss it." Herr Hammer turned and without giving Tony a chance to reply closed the door. Huffing Tony picked up his bag and made his way around the side of the house, hoping that the door to the kitchens would prove as easily findable as Hammer had indicated. He was undisturbed as he made his way, though he encountered a pair of gardeners who gave him wondering looks the longest and most assessing of which came from a dark skinned fellow in a mud stained pair of trousers.
Tony had never been the superstitious sort. There were a multitude of reasons he and religion had never taken on to each other, but the requisite for interpreting every coincidence and passing feeling as some sort of sign was one of them. The universe was wild and wicked enough without help from overactive imaginations.
Ian ignored the chill of the wind as he hurried to the woodpile, thinking of his mission to make sure that Tony ate at least one full meal today. Something simple would be best, and easily handled so he could keep working on whatever it was that preoccupied so much of his mind these days. Sandwiches would do, but something filling to make up for the other meals he’d missed.
“How much further?” Tony asked, on edge. The leather creaked beneath Bucky’s fingers. He didn't answer.
“I don’t know, Tacha, it was really bad this time.” Péter hedged bravely. “You weren’t there, you didn’t see what we saw.”
By afternoon James and Artur were bickering again (with a lot more good nature) over who could carve the best toy soldier from their stockpile of dried branches. Natacha kept one careful eye on them from where she sat, carefully whittling away at what was to become a long pair of hooks for weaving. She had proved the best so far at whittling, her tools always clean edged with precise lines and shapes. Ian wasn’t a far second, but all of the children seemed to enjoy it. Sara’s hands were still a little too unsteady for knife work but she enjoyed watching the little wooden toys the boys made come to life.
Stefen made to jerk away, but it seemed to be part of some ingrained instinct that mattered little because a moment later his hand thudded against the door for balance and with a deep groan he was pushing up into Tony, his mouth opening under the assault as if he was trying to steal his next breath straight from Tony's lungs.
Arms going numb or otherwise, Tony wasn't going to move him until he’d gotten the sleep he needed. But even as he thought it, Stefen flinched, the calm planes of his face contorting in pain as his eyes roved back and forth behind his closed lids. Tony kissed the side of his neck just as Stefen’s body spasmed and he let out a whimper. Tony's eyes flickered to the door, ready to assume a more platonic position at the first sign of movement. Until then, Stefen was trembling, tiny little shivers, and there was goose flesh pebbling his arms.
"You didn't eat lunch." Ian noted matter of factly, pushing past Tony who was forced to either give way or risk the boy spilling the entire tray in the doorway.  A purposeful action if ever Tony had seen one and the smile that kept wanting to make itself residence on his face, he let it rest.
“He wanted to, back in the day,” Stefen’s voice took Tony by surprise, he looked up from where he was placing a pile of folded shirts into the drawer he’d claimed for himself with a curious expression. Stefen leaned on the doorframe, momentarily blocking out the view of the sitting room, not that Tony was overly bothered by that.
“I’m on patrol.” Bucky announced suddenly, straightening from his seat to snatching up his weapon. “Stairwell. Rogers, watch my six.”
Thinking becoming too painful, Steve swallowed and turned his head away from the gold piping on the white ceiling to the side table where Ian had left the book he’d been reading. It was dog eared and well loved. Ian made a habit of joining him those nights when Steve could bring himself to park himself here in the sitting room, desperate to be close to the children but unable to do more than just sit and soak in their presence.
“Péter, stop.” Steve commanded and Péter jumped, his breathing erratic as he tried to keep his face as stoic as possible. He wasn't quite able, Steve saw the fear there, as well as the anguish and the rage. It made any of the anger Steve felt, being talked at that way by his own child, being deemed a murderer and a coward no less, fade to the background.
We apologize it takes us so long to get these chapters out. The next chapter is rather transitional and therefore should be out quicker. Steve is coming home with Bucky in tow, and given the nature of what has occurred while he was away I doubt Tony will be able to keep his promise about yelling being done in the house. But you have our promise that after this harrowing bit some healing fluffy family times are on the way. Calm before the storm?
Scott stood outside the inn, in the snow-covered alley, leaning up against the side of the building with a long skinny cigarette in his mouth.
The men had burst inside. Ordered they hand over their Jews. Nigel told them to leave and one of the men had beat him with a broken chair leg. Accused him of being a Jew lover. Everyone had panicked, trying to get out as the intruders began to tear the place apart. Tony had run with the children, shielding them as best he could with his body when two men stepped in front of them, one armed with a lead pipe.
“Yes, I heard,” he growled as the children passed him, filing back toward the house. Surprisingly Ian stayed by Tony’s side. It might have had to do with the filthy look James shot him but Tony wasn't judging.
not hungry. Why should we all suffer when – oof!” Tony grabbed James around the middle aborting his grumbles mid-sentence as he slung the eight-year-old over his shoulder, ignoring the stiffness in his back.
Which turned out to be a good instinct, because he found Péter out on the terrace just outside the ballroom doors, neither one seeming to mind the chill that had kept everyone else indoors.
Bucky couldn't tell if it was out of cockiness, general disrespect, or something else but he did not like it. At all.
“I was looking for a particular book, for the children’s lessons. The Captain mentioned having a copy, but I can’t seem to find it,” Tony prattled, thinking quickly.
The future? Péter couldn't help but scoff. Who cared about the future. The only future someone like Péter had was under the boots of the boys who were bigger and stronger and he'd be lucky just to have that. Tony didn't know what he was. He didn't know that Péter would always be looking over his shoulder, hoping and praying someone didn't find out. Well Péter didn't want that future. He was fighting for a better one.
Clinton cursed in French, and Tony winced because Natacha was past her pronouns and had done very well with her adjectives. Oblivious to the girls murderous gaze Clinton went on in his thickly accented German, “She threw a rock at my skull, that’s what’s going on!”
him to. Not if he could help it, and as long as there was still a chance that he could, Steve was determined to keep him as far away from it as he could.
They were nearly ready when James looked up from where Tony was helping him fasten his suspenders, toward where Stefen was standing chatting with Bakhuizen on the couch, and asked curiously, “When are you going to sleep with the baroness?”
There was some old wound between them, some grievance that festered like a sickness. Any excuse to lash out, Steve was sure Vonkov would take and that knowledge made him uneasy.
And so, for the first time since Peggy had died, there was to be a birthday party at the Rogers family villa. Willamina and the others understood he consoled himself. Some sacrifices had to be made.
“Why don’t you light a candle?” Stefen offered after a long moment, reaching down to squeeze gently the arm Tony still had wrapped around him before sliding his hand up and over his. The touch drew Tony out of the gloomy pit of memory, and he reached with his free hand to stroke his fingers down the column of Stefen’s neck, chagrined that his attempt to get him to talk about the nightmares that chased him had turned around on him, but grateful beyond words for the understanding he saw reflected back at him in Stefen’s soft gaze.
“I didn't ring.” He said dismissing Herr Hammer with a wave of his hand. “I was looking for Herr Wiess.”
Every eye within the Third Reich would be open, scouring road and train car for enemy number one. They wouldn’t stand for the humiliation of letting him escape. Couldn’t afford it or the doubts it would inspire about their control over the country. It would be better for her if she weren’t involved. She could be killed just for keeping him alive this long. To her credit, she seemed to be thinking the same thing. A slight green tinge had taken to her skin. A kind woman Magda, but not stupid.
It also might have been why Frau Hogan had started joining them for dinner. Tony didn't think it was a coincidence that she was sat in the captain’s usual seat.
“He wanted better for you.” Tony assured Clint by route, the same assurances he’d heard for more than half his life, and that he knew damn well wouldn’t make any real headway against the feeling of abandonment.
"Better yet, bambina, why don't you just lay your head here on your Father's shoulder and have a good cry." Tony could have laughed at the alarmed expression that leapt onto the captain's face as he deposited the crying child into his arms.
He latched onto the thought like a lifeline. He had to stop her. How wasn’t a thought. How was irrelevant as he stalked toward her with clenched fists. She had to be stopped. That was all, and he couldn’t let anything stop him.
“They don’t hang people from gallows anymore Tony,” Tony heard Stefen grumbling as he got up from the bed and stooped to begin collecting his discarded clothing. “And to my memory, you’ve not resisted Artur’s pouty face once. I don’t see why you have to start now.”
He closed the folder in his lap and effectively the door on all that hope burgeoning in their eyes, and slid it back toward the admiral.
He took a deep breath, trying to clear his head but could not ignore the dull ache in his chest. A little voice in the back of his mind remembered that tomorrow was Tuesday. Wednesday afternoon Frauline Werner would come to ask all her questions and poke and prod at Natacha to see what disloyalties might come spilling out and Natacha... well Tony knew what he would do, were he a girl in her situation. He no longer even had the strength to be angry about it.
Bucky watched, his gaze revealing nothing as his eyes traveled over him. After a moment he plucked the letter addressed for him with a derisive snort and wandered into the bathroom with his letter tucked under his arm.
“Father’s coming!” Artur shrieked before Tony could even dare to ask it, and something tight in Tony’s chest suddenly unclenched when Stefen nodded shortly, looking incredibly uncomfortable.
“You still think you’re clever don’t you Stark? Look around you!” Hammer took what Tony was sure he intended to be a threatening step toward Tony’s chair, but he was too tipsy to manage it properly, lurching dangerously sideways. Unfortunately, he managed to stay on his feet and grinned full of teeth at Tony, spreading his arms wide as he continued to rant. “I’ve won! All of this is mine! I’m master of the house now and you’re nothing.”
As war surges in Europe, Tony and Steve desperately search for a way out of Pola for the family but with the city becoming more dangerous by the day and the Axis Powers fixing their eyes on Norway, their situation is only getting more desperate.
"He's right Stark.” Bucky agreed after a beat of silence, expression sobering. “This could turn ugly quick and you're not a soldier."
As the last song finished and the children’s voice began to fade with the telltale strain of exhaustion, a full days use catching up with them, Stefen clapped and stood commanding their attention.
But as if she’d sensed the direction of his thoughts the woman stopped just a few paces out of snatching range, eyeing Steve like one would a snake they encountered in the wild.
“Captain Rogers, sent all this? The same man who accuses me of spoiling his children every chance he gets?”
“That’s not true.” Tony replied a little softer, but no less firm. “I’m sorry you can’t see that. Sit out here. Cry. Tell yourself none of it is fair. But if you come back through this door you will apologize to your brother and behave as if you have some sense!”
The shout exploded from her in a burst of sound as Charlotte straightened her back, planting her hands on her hips and glaring at him with naked fury. Silence echoed in the room the only sound coming from the children. Artur, sniffling, Maria’s soft whimper. It was all white noise to him as he stared back at her in horror at himself, his heart hammering away in his chest.
They made it back to the cabin at early light, the sun just beginning to cast the clouds in pale shades of blue and grey. Natacha was the lookout. Ian saw her red hair first, standing out like a fox in the snow. He smiled as she ran to meet them.
Who? Steve rolled onto his back to hide the motions of his hands and so that he didn’t have to struggle so much to look up. But just that much effort felt enough to end him and he sagged down onto his back, his head far too heavy to keep lifted.
Even now he was latched on to his father’s shoulders and drifting along behind him like a king’s robe, smile wide as anything.
“My friend didn’t think that was a good idea, given that the last time I agreed to ship something for you I had the police crawling all over my ship. Something’s not adding up.”
He’d not meant it as a suggestion, but Ian had raised his head from the water, blinked at him breathing heavily through his mouth, and then sank back under. His shimmery little body slowly swimming away from Tony beneath the water.
“Incorrect. But you’re damn right that I’m not your father. That means if you eat, if you sleep, if you survive another god damned minute, it’s because
Tony startled as Stefen’s voice, sounding somewhat breathless as if he’d run to catch the phone, barked in his ear.
"I don't recall your uncle giving you permission to use his given name." Steve decided to say, in regards to the unusual new habit he'd noticed. At first he'd let it go, chalking it up to Natacha's desire to feel more grown up, but Péter's bought of rebellion had left him feeling far less charitable. The fact of the matter was, neither of them were grown up yet and they should remember that.
The children jumped back, as if the bucket had contained a nest of snakes, and Tony froze, anticipating what was to come.
Steve blinked slowly and let the words pass over him. He was watching the two of them from somewhere above everything. The sound muddling in ears as if he were sinking below water. He had the vague thought that it should scare him, that Khalmmer had clearly guessed the state of his mind.
As the day marched on, it became more obvious to Tony what a last resort their coming up here always had been. They couldn’t be seen and yet, their survival for any lengthy period of time depended on venturing outdoors. Darting in and out to relieve themselves was one thing, but there were other needs that would make themselves known sooner rather than later.
. It all had to stop – it was the only thought in his head as he pulled Tony in, hand cupped behind his neck to hold him still as he took his mouth. Tony was stiff against him at first, jerking violently with shock, and wrenching his head in a halfhearted attempt at getting free even as his hands balled in Steve’s shirt and clutched tighter, his mouth opening under Steve’s with a moan pulled from deep in his chest.
Down below, Father and Charlotte both looked up spotting Natacha and, a moment later, Sara, who was the one crying big fat tears with Herr Bear clutched tightly to her chest. Maria looked close to tears herself as she fixed her worried eyes on Natacha. Heart twinging in her chest Natacha beckoned to them both.
“No. I suppose not.” Tony agreed quietly, caressing the curve of Stefen’s bicep gently with his thumb. “Are you feeling better now?”
Steve huffed out a breath that was shamefully close to a whimper and swallowed. He shoved away the melancholy, the emptiness, the raw feeling of ache in his chest.
Natacha looked less than impressed as she shook her head at Bakhuizen disapprovingly, a soft smile tugging at her lips.
The children attacked the racks with relish, and Steve tried to keep an eye on their progress while sneaking furtive glances at the counter where Susann was whispering with Frau Neumann, thankful that Tony was there to make sure they didn’t destroy any of Susann’s merchandise.
He rubbed his face in frustration and then looked up a slightly harrowed look in his eyes. "I need to speak with you later, Staff Sergeant.”
“Did she really?” Tony asked, curious despite himself. It seemed an odd choice of literature for a first-time reader. It wasn’t exactly light material.
! Remember what I said, I’ll only be escorting well behaved children to Vienna. All I see before me is a rabble of sweaty chickens. Go wash for lessons.”
Tony was talking again about going to work for the Germans, ostensibly to help with the resistance. He thought Steve was denying him because he didn’t believe in him, but he was completely wrong. Steve didn’t think he was a child, or only good to be shelfed somewhere. Tony was brave and brilliant and they could do far worse in terms of help. Hell, even just this much Tony had been able to recall could help turn the tides if Steve could get it into Britain’s hands. In truth, he couldn’t think of a better partner in this fight than Tony.
Stefen kept saying it had to be that way for his own good, but the thing about that was Tony had never really been very good at doing whatever was best for his own good. Nor was he any good at doing what he was told. So really if one thought about it in a certain light, Stefen Rogers had this burglary coming.
He and Harrison were fighting their way to the big truck the one that Dvorak had said Steve would be in, but the German soldiers were closing ranks around it. And then Bucky heard the sound of an engine kick up and the headlights on the damn thing nearly blinded him. He nearly took a shot to the face in his moment of lost visibility, swinging desperately behind a tree and blinking his eyes clear of spots as bullets struck the trunk at his back.
The tower standing in the middle of a city of gleaming metal was tall, impenetrable, possibly even imposing, but made elegant by sleek glass. It was a place where light could penetrate every corner, but nothing you didn’t want could get in. In such a place was all the hope in the world: the bitter, poisonous, dregs of the past cast away where they belonged for a brighter future.
That man’s existence was impossible and yet, Tony had seen him, heard him call Weiss a friend and had believed him. That man was someone even Tony would have followed into war.
“Yep.” Tony said with a smack of lips. “Very soon, Stark ships are going to be armored with a metal plating that will make these mines of yours look like fun and games.”
This time Stefen’s voice did not startle him. Some part of Tony had expected it. He opened his eyes slowly but did not turn. The ground crunched as Stefen approached, coming to stand beside him, the distant glow of the fire at their backs.
She choked a little as she swallowed her coco, and Steve was gratified to know he hadn’t completely lost the ability to read his daughter. Strange and new womanly wiles or no.
There was no hiding from the children that their father's life hung in the balance. They knew. They'd known from the moment Stefen had been taken away from them. They knew he faced execution and that his chances of escaping the prison camp were small. They kept their hopes up, because Tony kept giving it to them, but they were intelligent. Young, but far from stupid. They might not be able to grasp all the details of the peril they found themselves in but they were experiencing it intimately just the same, through the loss of all their familiars.
“Shut up, Kroger. I’ve heard you in there.” Steve nodded over his shoulder, effecting a playfulness he didn’t feel for the benefit of those watching. “I’m surprised you haven’t ripped your cock off by now.”
They’d made it. It took Steve’s mind a moment to really accept it. They’d all made it in the car. They were quickly leaving more and more streets behind them, headed out of the city.
“Of course. Péter’s train comes in tonight. I promised I’d be here.” Stefen murmured. Tony started in surprises, realizing how completely and utterly he’d lost track of the days. The captain’s brow furrowed, expression deepening with concern, as if he’d read his mind. “Tony, the children say you missed breakfast
They continued to walk, side by side, only this time the quiet of the morning felt comforting. Wonderful, really, if Tony were being honest.
“How did – “ Stefen began to ask, his voice cracking but he fell silent when Coulson shook his head sharply.
“Indeed it is Herr Stark.” The captain agreed with an air of suspicion as he backed away from Péter, beginning a final check of the pockets of his suit jacket.
"Is there a reason you thought to try something so stupid?" he asked quietly and Stefen took a deep breath in and out, his chest billowing under Tony as he looked up and met his gaze again. Stefen’s eyes were full of regret, but it was the fear in them that Tony wished he could banish.
“Nah, it’s just that I've liked many girls but not the same one for very long. Eventually a man's got to learn to blend in or lose his cock. It's great motivation to keep your head down.”
"That's not true." Péter interjected, feeling a protective urge toward his tutor. "I've seen you memorize whole books, just reading them once. You know more than some professor at some Swiss school."
“If word of this comes to light you will cause an international incident Brother” Loki warned direly and Bucky snorted muttering beneath his breath.
Somewhere on a hazy summers day, where two boys played in a wood with their ears open for the sound of their mothers calling them home, the clanging of supper pots and the crackle of fire from the pit they cooked it in. Somewhere on an old uncle as he whistled, somewhere on cool green grass beneath bare feet and rolling hills covered in sweet white blooms.
“James! Your shoes.” She clucked as the four of them reached the bed, but Tony suspected it was really just an excuse to climb into the bed with them. Natacha sat herself next to James and began to untie the laces, scolding him for dirtying the bed. Stefen greeted them all in turn, reaching over heads to touch one after another, frowning as Natacha flinched under his hand, and lingering longest on Péter.
Steve snorted, though his amusement was minimal. He wouldn’t have put it past a woman like Dottie to try. Dörthe Werner and Peggy had been close once, meeting as young women at a Swiss finishing school and bonding over a shared sense of adventure, but Dottie came from an old family with strong political motivations and she’d always had a far colder approach to the world than Margrit. Steve had never known Dottie to be anything but cold and snobbish, especially towards him, but Peggy held such fond memories of the other woman that he’d always endeavored to hold his dislike in check. But Dottie’s vocal disdain for Peggy’s choice of partners had continually come between them and then her heavy involvement in the National Socialist party had driven the final wedge.
“You tried hard, Tony.” Stanislov murmured consolingly and Tony grit his teeth. “If you ever feel up to trying again you know where to find me.”
In some other time or place, maybe Steve would have been proud of the way he stood up for his sister and protected her. Right now, Steve wanted to scream because even after everything that happened, his son thought
“What about Dachau?” Steve jerked toward the man instinctively, pulse elevating. Was he talking about the rescue effort? The rescue should have been implemented weeks ago, Bucky well on his way to meet Kirk’s ship and Tony on his way back to the house in Salzburg if all went well. He kept telling himself it was too soon to worry. Travel could be slow in winter and Tony would surely send word through Virginia as soon as he reached the house.
They walked in silence for a time, eyes idly casting over flower and shrub in a pretense of taking in the fresh air and scenic appeal of the garden, casting the occasional furtive glance at the other.
Grimacing Tony moved his gaze down to the rug beside the bed where Natacha and Péter slept, pressed close together for warmth. And then finally, he looked over to the fireplace, where the fire had reduced to embers while they slept. Tony could see every breath he took and hear Maria's chattering teeth.
Steve’s throat clicked as those adults nearby tittered, and he locked eyes with Charlotte who flinched and looked away. But it was done now.
He could tell that Tony wanted to concentrate on his work and could even understand why he did not want Steve hovering around… but he had neither the courage nor the words to tell him that he didn’t know how he could possibly sleep without him there. He’d gone to bed alone because it was the sensible thing to do and because it was not Tony’s job to mother him like a babe.  A grown man should be able to manage a few hours of sleep on his own. Nightmares or no.
They’d slipped in and went largely unnoticed for a few blissful minutes until Khalmmer had spotted Steve and broken away from his group to make an introduction. He’d introduced himself and had proceeded to pass Steve and Charlotte around the room to his various friends like party favors, greeting and licking the boots of whomever they were pointed at.
Tony immediately turned to look in the sideview mirror just in time to see an armored truck roar into view full of armed soldiers with rifles pointed in their direction. Oh damn. Damn damn damn damn -
“I was hoping we might get some respite to go home while Péter’s on break. I’ve told them it’s his birthday but they don’t seem very sympathetic.”
Dvorak's jaw clenched. He didn't want to think about the Jew doctor, or whatever mess Rogers had gotten himself tangled in. Not that the girl could know anything about that. She was simply an empathetic creature who wanted assurance his mother's employer wouldn't suffer much longer.
When it was time to feed, the woman always handed Steve his bowl of leftovers first before she fed her beloved goat. It was a small thing to notice, a possibly meaningless gesture, but even so, it helped...helped him to feel less like an animal. Less like Subject U-1610 and more like a man.
“We walk all the way to Karkow, cause that’s where the last parcel came from only to learn he’d gone on to Lodz a few months before we got there. Your Da says we can’t go back empty handed so we keep going, and the whole time I’m thinking I’m going to have to bury him and your Baka is never gonna forgive me.
Submerged in water James felt as if he weighed nothing, his damp hair succumbing to its natural wave. Tony reached up and stroked the dark red waves out of his face and James let him, eyes watching Ian on the shore.
Tony’s gut clenched, watching in horror as Hammer and Cameron hoisted the thing up until the thick black swastika slowly unfurled in the center of the hall where it demanded every eye in the room. He had the sudden and violent urge to set the thing on fire.
“The minister spoke about it at dinner not an hour ago.” Striker explained, eyes narrowing on him. “What do you mean –”
“Thank you children, but I have something important to discuss with Uncle Bucky today.” Steve answered, disappointing everyone it seemed but Bucky.
He didn’t know whether he was family or friend to the girl, only that he seemed terrified of Steve and determined to protect her. Steve backed away, torn between continuing to try and help and finding his family.
“I’ve shown the tutor to his rooms, Captain. I must say, he’s not quite what I expected for a…man of God.”
“… Jessika says there has been no word from Lukas in weeks, not since he was shipped to Dachau.” Bakhuizen was saying lowly. “She’s worried they’ve executed him already. No idea what she and the girl are going to do now. She shouldn’t be on that damn list.”
They’d done their best to accommodate her, bringing along as many tin bowels and cups as they could get their hands on. No one had told him how Frau Boehringer was going to manage to feed them all, just that she would bring a meal each evening.
But there was something secretive in the Wardens smile that gave Tony a chill, that had nothing to do with the sub temperatures outside.
"A real prince?" She sighed wistfully, eyes round and dreamlike. "I wish I could sing like Frauline Van Dyne."
Steve opened his eyes and turned to find Ian looking at him. The concerned frowns the other children wore told him that Ian had probably been calling his name for some time.
“What's it say, father?’ Natacha was peering at him, sitting up in her chair in hopes of reading the letter upside down, or he assumed that's what she was doing, he wasn’t sure. Girls that age had all sorts of strange practices.
“Alright then Mother, but truly, no one cares that we’re staying together. Why everyone knows Eva Braun – ”
They both had their secrets to take to their graves. But Tony couldn’t shake the bad feeling that the grave was only rushing toward them.
“That mouth of yours is going to get you arrested Stark.” He warned darkly before sighing and folding the paper to toss aside as if he couldn’t stand the sight of it any longer. “They’re tightening the curfew again. No one out after dark without stamped papers. Apparently, the revolutionaries struck again last night and pose a public danger.”
"It was nothing, Bannführer. Just a fight." Péter said for himself, swallowing a mouthful of blood saliva. He could feel his face swelling and wondered for a moment how he'd explain it this time. Tony was not liable to believe he'd fallen off his bicycle a second time.
They parted eventually, because both of them still needed oxygen to breathe (mores the pity) but the captain didn’t go far. He kept his face close, staring down at Tony with a kind of softness that promised slow tender kisses to come and Tony had to close his eyes for a moment and catch his breath, his insides all but humming with delight.
He sighed, letting the last of his tension drain from his body before patting the bed beside him. Péter clambered aboard with a hopeful if shy enthusiasm that had a smile tugging at Tony’s lips.
Ian was a good helper in general within the classroom, though Tony worried he and the other Rogers children might be going unchallenged. It would be two years in June, since Tony had arrived at the Rogers villa to take up teaching.
“We will lend you what we can Captain, so long as it never becomes public knowledge.” Siv said and Steve’s heart leaped, almost not daring to believe the words. “We wish you success in your endeavors but we must protect the interests of our nation first and foremost.”
He ducked his head towered Anamarie as if they were intimately whispering to one another. She was trembling against him but there was strangely no fear in her eyes. Their green was lost to silver in the moonlight but not their quiet confidence, and Péter had the really weird thought that if he was going to be arrested he was glad it was like this with her.
1. FIOT and I wanted to do the horrors of this particular night justice. Between the two of us we've spent hours reading personal accounts, memoirs from survivors, and reading official accounts and records. We've chosen to take details from these accounts in homage. The horror you are about to witness are all things people really survived, though perhaps not all in the same towns.
“You worked in a factory?” Charlotte asked, one blond brow quirked in interest and Stefen jerked his eyes toward her looking momentarily confused by her question before nodding jerkily. Tony wondered what the baroness thought of her beau getting his hands dirty on a factory floor. But if Charlotte thought anything of it at all she certainly didn’t let it show as she continued to sip from her cup.
Einspanner was firmly set in a part of his life that was staunchly labeled ‘Before Peggy Died’ and he'd allowed himself little comfort since then. How that had happened he wasn't sure. If Stark were there Steve was sure he’d have something cutting to say about it; but Steve really hadn't woken up one day and thought, ‘I’ll never have espresso and cream again, to hell with chocolate!” it had just happened. Little things that reminded him of her: a certain song, the path he would take to the gardens at home, his room, the children. All the little things adding into big things until Steve hardly recognized himself.
Just when Tony spotted the back of the cabin between the trees Maria stumbled and lagged behind them. Tony stopped and turned back, snatched her up and running with her in his arms. He caught up with Natacha and Artur at the edge of the tree line and looked franticly around the yard trying to figure out why they’d stopped. Natacha pressed her finger firmly to her lips again and Tony held his breath, quieting the roaring in his ears. He heard it then, the sound of unfamiliar voices trickling out from the open kitchen window. Tony couldn’t see who was moving inside from this distance, but it hardly mattered. They kept the windows shuttered whenever possible to hold in heat, and provide the lodge with the illusion of emptiness.
“I’d say the men likely to receive an education are the ones most deserving. At least in a just system.” He sat forwards and scooped up Rogers report. “At least once we’re done clearing out the dead weight.”
He wasn’t the only one gasping for air and out of sorts. Tony couldn’t breathe, it felt so good. Maybe he should have stopped it. Maybe this made him the worst sort of person, the wicked thrill it gave him, to feel the force of Steve’s desire, to watch him expend his last bit of strength in the pursuit of Tony’s pleasure because he
"I don't know." Charlotte answered, her mouth tightening. "But I bet you will enjoy a few more days without schooling.”
he was? The prospect that she might not, that there might still be a chance to get out of this drove the air out of him so quickly it left him dizzy. He coughed violently into the dirt, fingers digging in the muck and mud. A handful was enough to blind her for a few precious moments.
Steve's mouth was dry and he took another breath, trying to clear his head of the encroaching fog of painful memories. That strange floating sensation had retuned and he fought against it, trying to focus on Péters face.
“Don’t pester, James, and Kolo is a dance.” Stark over by the piano plinked out some boisterous chords that made Sara clap with delight. He glanced curiously at Bucky. “It’s popular in the Balkans. The captain mentioned you grew up in Poland?”
Our original plan was to post mini fics about what the kids get up to once we finished. Like we did for Tony's childhood. I'm debating it, but let me know as we go along if that's something that would interest you.
“Maria! Maria, come back to the music room.” Baroness Shrader called from the bottom of the stairs. Even from far away, Dvorak could hear the exhaustion in the woman’s voice.  “You’re not supposed to be near your father.”
Virginia Hogan stood in the doorway, an envelope folded under her arm. She smiled when Steve looked up at her and approached the desk, heels clicking on hardwood floor.
Hair dye was one answer, but with rationing in place and hair dye on the list of contraband it was to procure. Time and an extreme amount of luck were desperately in need, though time wasn’t necessarily on their side. Still, there was more work to be done than hands or funds to do it, so at the very least Tony and Stefen were not left often alone with nothing to do but worry.
Charlotte shifted her knife nervously on her plate, considering her options. It was past time Stefen told people about the engagement. It was more important now than ever to distract people from Stefen's behavior and reaffirm the family's standing within the Party. Damn Stefen for leaving this solely to her. This was meant to be a happy announcement - but here she was, adrift with the children who looked as if she were about to announce she’d drawn up a new menu and they were on it.
Caring too much about it was stupid. Getting attached was stupid when everything would just get taken away from you. If Tony wanted to go then let him. He’d probably end up blown up when they went to war like everyone said, because that’s what happened to dumb soldiers, but James was going to go live with a Count and Countess and sleep in a mansion. And when he grew up, James was going to be like his uncle Bucky; he was going to go wherever and do whatever he wanted, and he was never going to get attached to anyone or anything.
One side of his mouth tilting upward in a nervous smile, Stefen uttered words that rocked Tony’s world like an earthquake. He made them look and sound easy as he moved to set Tony’s gift to him on the nightstand with care and turned back toward him, one hand reaching and touching down gently on Tony’s shoulder. Tony could feel it shaking finely with weariness from the day’s activities through his shirt, but Stefen didn’t act as if it mattered. He stared at Tony with such focus, such naked adoration it was impossible to deny him when he finally asked, “May I?”
“I wasn't!” James immediately started to protest but Pepper interceded with a stern clearing of the throat and even sterner frown.
Bucky kept his posture relaxed, leaned up against the truck, one arm resting on a crate down inside the bed where his M18 waited. Just as expected one of the back doors opened and some arrogant prick in a uniform got out to demand they move, scowling suspiciously when Bucky played dumb as a rock and grunted in broken German that it was impossible, throwing in some polish insults while he was at it because if he died today then at least he died telling this fat little worm what a whore his mother had been.
“Excuse me, no. Twisting the situation will get you nowhere captain. Weren't you the one who needs my company?”
“You agreed we had to play the Führer’s game. This is how we do it, by compromising. Why can’t you see that’s what must be done?”
She darted out of the shadows toward the doors of the businesses, spreading leaflets as she went and Péter followed, dropping his trunk at the side of the nearest shop to retrieve the paint brush.  He made quick work of the first two buildings mindful of the time when the next patrol was likely to be around but when they reached the flower shop the poster on the door made him pause.
"Dance with me Sara, look! Place your feet on my feet just like Maria’s." He pointed excitedly in the direction where Maria was dancing with James, the two of them out of step with the buoyant music filling the garden but clearly having the time of their lives at it. Slipping away, Tony’s eyes searched the crowd for Péter as he passed by Ian and Cameron who were singing boisterously at the top of their lungs, lyrics that Tony was sure Cameron’s mother would not approve of.
Artur seemed accepting of this and even though Maria cast Tony a nervous glance, she stepped closer to Artur in a way that suggested she’d not willingly be separated from him.
His eyes raked the crowd outside the window but he didn’t immediately spot the captain within the dozens of faces crowding the platform, some waiting on loved ones and many more waiting with their luggage in hand to board.
Tony’s mother had drilled social niceties too intently into him for Tony’s nod and reply not to come off polite and sincere, but it was a near thing.
Steve looked up from his untouched plate (one violin for Bucky) eyes unfocused. Steve furrowed his brow in confusion prompting Stark to continue.
Stefen’s thumbs stroked his cheeks and Tony’s eyes stung as something shifted within his chest, and he closed his eyes to keep the emotion from overwhelming him. He took a deep breath. He would not be silly and do something utterly embarrassing like start crying.
Steve wiped his mouth with his napkin and took it the ever present unease in his gut rising to the forefront.
"We all wish that." He agreed. Some would call her words bordering on dissent, but Deiter thought those people were foolish. Only fools looked forward to war.
Bucky snapped out his lighter and took a long drag of this second cigarette. Steve was still, silent and brooding but that was a better sign than not. Bucky could only hope. Any moment his prala would see sense and relent. Any, fucking moment and not a moment too soon.
It carried him back to strong hands pushing back his fringe. Frigid water being poured on his face - the whole time his mother clinking as she worked to briskly scrub him. His aunt, shot gun in hand, laughing with another auntie, their skirts wrapped up around their waists revealing the dumpy trousers and men’s work boots the wore as they dragged him and Stevie through the woods on little wooden sleds.
“Why didn’t you tell me about what happened in the market that day?” Stefen asked, only a hint of his early anger present. Tony arched his brows.
Steve shook his head but Virginia was already gently guiding him to his couch in the corner of the office.
They'd spent the day with the children in the city entertaining them with sights and stories. He'd worried about keeping them entertained with Tony unable to join them but they'd seemed happy enough in the back of the carriage that Steve had paid to drive them around.
Bucky’s thigh hit the table on his way up, jarring their dishes and the chatter around him died out. Multiple pairs of worried eyes flying toward him.
“I’m sure he’ll be alright Stefen. He’s got the right papers for travel and he’s clever, like you.” Charlotte continued to sooth him, her gentle hands returning to his brow. Steve grit his teeth.
Steve was fortunate to have missed dinner. He had no doubt that if there had been anything in his stomach it would have come back up again, but as it was his gut just twisted painfully around nothing.
“Captain Adventure? I’m afraid that title is available by subscription only, and the list is currently closed. I tried to bury it so people would not ask for it.” The woman responded with a strange air of reluctance. But then her blue eyes narrowed on Tony in consideration and Tony had to resist the urge to squirm.
“Herr Hammer what is the –” she began but Hammer didn’t wait, rushing forward to grab the woman by the arms and hiss lowly as if he expected someone to overhear.
Judging by the tenseness of Bucky’s jaw he wasn’t the only one who was uncomfortable with breaking the habit.
Sara squeaked in fright and Stefen attempted a soothing sound, even as he rose from his chair, gaze intent on Bucky, snapping commands at him.
“Whoa, steady now.” Tony reached out to prevent the boy from falling, but the top of his folded pile teetered sending the bright red cloth spilling onto the floor. Tony knelt to pick up the fabric but paused once he had it in his hands and saw that it was a banner. A big, bright bold bolt of cloth, red with a large black swastika in the center.
James Bakhuizen, son of Bastian Rom Barro, older brother of Rachol, only friend and protector of Stefen Gavril Rogers, didikai. The half breed.
“I know how boys are Natacha.” Tony interjected calmly and the girl paused at the bottom of the stairs. “We both know what happens to the boys who are different in Hitler’s Germany. I am just not sold on how wonderful it is.”
The braver of the two meekly replied, "I’m Frauline Herchen, Captain." She paled, seeming to realize her mistake and rushed to amend, "Beg Pardon, Major.  Major Rogers."
“Tony! What the hell are you talking about? Of course I wan’t you to come back. I don’t want you to go at all damn it!”
There was nothing forthcoming in his tone, nothing that might suggest he felt anyway about Rogers’s or his own orders to babysit. Just a cool indifference.
Tony shrugged. Now that full wakefulness had returned, he could only think of what the baroness had dropped on him the night before.  Stefen was engaged to be married. Which meant that even if - when, he amended forcefully within his own thoughts. When Stefen returned from the war he would have a wife to run his house and mind his children, and more pressingly on Tony’s mind at the moment, to warm his bed at night.
If Steve had his way they’d spend every hour cloistered in his office hashing over maps and letters trying to win the bloody war before it ever started.
No, I am here on the Abbot’s errand and hopefully God’s as well.  There have been unspeakable rumors of mistreatment the prisoners have faced here at Dachau. Cardinal Rossi wrote all the way from Rome to urge the Abbot to intercede on behalf of the Church. Together we journeyed to Dachau to investigate these rumors (myself to take notes).
"If there was any way we could help we would, but there is nothing for you here. Do you understand?"
and find the solution he was sure had to be out there. Every sickness had a cause and therefore could be treated. They just had to discover the cause and then Tony could devote time to developing a way to combat it.
“Ja.” Thor sighed. “My father is unlikely to agree to stand against Germany, but I fear that Germany would shake our hands with their right and stab us with the left.”
There was a near stabbing as Tony collided with Bucky. Stefen’s door had opened suddenly and the man exited carrying a bucket full of soiled towels, but Tony’s reflexes were just fast enough to avoid what would have been a very unfortunate accident.
Péter was already prying open the top of the barrel that contained his younger brother by the time that Tony reached him. James clutched at Péter as the older boy dragged him out, lifting until James cleared the rim and Péter could set him down on shaking legs.  The boy looked pale, and his lips looked darker than Tony would like, but there was no way of judging what stay he was in until they could get inside and light a few lamps.
But that’s what happened wasn’t it, one minute they were seven and you were their hero and the next…
Being a monk wasn’t all hymns and chants, it meant regular, sometimes grueling, charity work and other forms of community service. Tony had accompanied the other brothers to the local orphanages when they’d given lessons and sermons; so he’d met his fair share of the damaged and abandoned. Perhaps heart conditions weren’t the same in young adults as they were in infants but those children had been small, frail little things, and Péter was slight for his age but hardly in a way that struck Tony as unhealthy.
“You know you fooled me when we first met. I thought you were this perfectly starched stiff lipped model of respectability, but I have since figured out that under that uniform you’re delightfully as common as they come. I’m sure it’s tempting Love, but your superiors would not take kindly to you beating my former tutor to a pulp.” Tony whispered against his ear, lips lifting in half smirk, but there was wariness too in his gaze. Fear that Steve might do something he’d regret.
“So, Clinton,” Tony dragged out the full name he knew the boy hated. “It’s mine. Remember our rules ‘we don’t touch Tony’s things or he’ll find horribly creative ways to engineer our death’, remember that one?”
"That's great..." Stefen seemed to decide as he said it, but he was obviously wondering what the hell it had to do with freeing his friends.
He knew he was asking for a smack in the teeth so he ducked, but he wasn't quite fast enough to escape the cuff to the back of his head. Cursing under his breath Bucky stumbled and blinked the stars from his eyes. Shit, alright maybe it was time for a new tactic. He didn’t care so much about the fighting (boys in the familia learned young you had to fight for just about everything and if you couldn’t fight with your brother who could you fight with) but alley or not, blowing their tops and brawling in the street was going to attract the wrong kind of attention.
For a moment, the captain’s gaze went distant, and then it sharpened again, Stefen’s face darkening.
He was sick but did not feel it and no amount of arguing with his father ever changed his mind about sending him to one of Hilter’s schools. Privately Péter thought that was because his father didn’t want to know the doctor was wrong. He wanted Péter to be labeled an invalid so that he wouldn’t have to fight, even if he himself was going to have to. Because his father didn’t believe Péter could be as brave or as strong as he was.
A small wry smile tilted Tony’s lips as he regarded the boy in the photo with his too earnest expression and spindly limbs gaining to grow. And grow they had. Rather nicely, if one had to speak objectively.
“You’re a prime example Major Rogers, of what it truly means to be Aaryn. We could change the course of history forever if why we had a thousand more soldiers like you. If I had just a sample of your blood, I bet we could trace your lineage back for centuries.”
For half a second Tony’s heart sprang up hopefully into his throat, thinking that the captain must have returned; but no, he discounted the errant hope almost as quickly as it had arrived. Hogan would have rung the bell to signal Hammer and Pepper if that were the case.
"My father is the reason people believe what the Führer says is true about the might of the aryan. I don't mean any offense to your father of course, Frauline Göring. There is an advantage to air warfare that he can’t be blamed for. Perhaps if he'd been on the ground facing such impossible odds, your father would also have saved two companies of men, or even three."
Bakhuizen nodded decisively and said with all manner of military briskness, “James and Tacha can bunk with me and Sara’s small enough, she can take her pick.”
He winked at Maria who beamed up at him and felt something in his chest clench when James barked a startled laugh which quickly turned into an embarrassed cough.
“I wouldn’t trust the house to run without you,” the captain finished and Natacha regarded him silently.
She didn’t really care. At least Tony wanted to believe she didn’t, but if their conversation the afternoon before was anything to go by he felt confident in believing that she did not truly but her consciousness of what society expected of them prevented her from saying so. It was the rules of the game and Natacha was nothing if not good at games.
“Uncle Bucky!” James shrieked with delight, the argument completely forgotten as he raced to meet Bakhuizen who appeared in the entrance to the sitting room with a wide smile on his face.
A trip into town offers Tony the opportunity to finally bring the Rogers children out of seclusion (never mind their father's rules) but an incident in town might just be the very reason Captain Rogers would prefer to keep his children at home.
“We’re really going to America?!” Steve heard one of the children crowing from the living room. He thought it was Péter but couldn’t be sure with the muzzy way it came through the walls.
James did not go with the others to watch Tony leave, but he did go to the window in the parlor room where it was easy to see the front drive. Not that he wanted to watch. He liked the couches better in the parlor room that was all.
Natacha glanced at him and this time Bucky saw something almost fearful in her eyes but so terribly hopeful that he knew he’d made the right call.
Stefen reached one handed, fingers gently brushing the bruised swell of Tony’s cheek. Tony shivered and ran his tongue over the split in his lip, allowing the sting to ground him, heart thudding heavily inside his chest as he came to the precipice of a decision he hadn’t even known he was making until it was suddenly set before him.
She looked young to be a housekeeper but the heavy set of keys hanging at her waist and the professional manner in which she stepped were telling. There was a worried set to her lips and lines on her brow that spoke of some unspoken stress of her own but her tone was fond as she clapped her hands and addressed the children.
“You were rambling about finding Péter and then you just started tipping like a damn tree,” Bucky answered him and Steve frowned. He must be speaking and not know it. He moved his tongue in his mouth and it felt sluggish.
Steve shot up in the bed, calling for Bucky but Charlotte stopped him, pushing him to lay down again.
Tony swallowed. It wasn’t scarlet fever, Tony was certain, but that only meant it was something else. It went without saying, that those anyone who came into contact with the captain or anything that touched him was risking exposure. Stefen wouldn’t have wanted the staff taking that risk.
James kicked out at him, struggling with all his might but Tony held on tight wrestling him to the ground. No small feat, Ian knew. James was still skinny and on the short end but his strength when he got going always caught people off guard.
He’d always missed his family while away. This time was different. He’d opened up his trunks to unpack only to find that someone had stuffed a raggedy old stuffed bear on top of his things. He’d picked it up, recognizing it as Maria’s and suddenly it and the thought of how little time there was left had made their absence unbearable. Bucky seemed to be feeling it as well, if his dark mood as the days ticked past was anything to go by.
They had a chain of sentries stationed on the road starting a few miles out to give them advanced warning and sure enough, that flash of red waving between the branches was their signal.
“Yeah, well I’m telling.” Stefen bit back in reply.  Tony balled his fists at his sides, trying to keep his temper in check.
"How do you know that?” Tony asked and Péter’s eyebrows crawled up incredulously as if to ask if Tony had ever met his father. "Your father wants this day to be very special for you. If you don’t ask him for what you want, then it seems to me you’re only doing both of you a disservice."
"Christ you are! What is he too delicate or something? You afraid your fairy might have to take a bullet like the rest of-"
As the children had raised their arms to give the required salute Tony raised a hand to halt them, waving their arms back down. He met their wary eyed confusion with the smile of the fearless.
“And what intelligence work is this, that fits you so well, Willham?” Steve grit out. Péter’s name on Strikers lips made him see red.
Ian left James squabbling with Natacha and made his way to the kitchen. It smelled strongly of cider as he entered to find Willamina stooped low to peer into the stove where Ian could see a pair of cakes sat above the embers.
“You should hope they do.” The other man warned, tone darkening. “I don’t doubt you, but things could get very difficult for you Tony, if people believed you consorted with traitors to kill good Germans.”
“I'll make sure the men get it." Jann snatched the offering with a nod, quickly tucking it out of sight. "You just make sure they stop and they’ll handle the rest." She stepped back, and nodded once more, before turning and melting back into the crowd. Charlotte watched until she could no longer see her, anxiety continuing to twist inside her. It was out of her hands now. There was nothing to do but hope.
Steve nodded, reaching into his pocket for the notebook he kept. “I have clearance to a certain level of information. Enough to know that shortly I am to be promoted and assigned to the First Mountain Division.”
"It's alright Péter.” Artur seemed to decide as he said it. “I have a lot of toys I can still play with. It's sad that she had to leave all her toys at home.  I won't have to do that will I?" he asked, brow puckering fretfully as he looked up at Péter with worried blue eyes. Tony's heart sank.
"There is always the subject of cages, and the pretty birds we like to put in them." Tony muttered in reply and Stefen frowned darkly.
Two weeks. Tony’s thoughts began to pick up speed. They had two weeks to rescue Lucas and the two doctors, and somehow without Stefen there to lead.
"Why not? He doesn't care about us. Nobody cares about us or they wouldn't lie all the time!" James insisted with a shout and Charlotte jumped in, dreading one of the boy's infamous melt downs.
The fear tightening in his stomach eased when Péter, flushing slightly in embarrassment but soldiering on with conviction confessed, “My father gets that way sometimes. He doesn’t like us around when he’s like that. He’d rather be alone I guess, but I don’t know if you like to be and I thought someone should ask.”
Péter was confused, frightened and horrified by the things that Peitro had said, but Wanda’s eyes held his without judgment and his heart twisted at the naked grief he saw in them. He nodded yes, though he had no idea what it was she wanted him to do.
Smiling in the dark, Tony leaned into the gentle stroke of Stefen’s palm against his cheek and murmured, “Yes, Captain.”
“Of course he does. Well it’s not good news.” Bucky finally grunted. “They’ve set an execution date. They’ll announce it in a couple of days, but our guy is certain of it. They mean to kill Erik and Lucas. No one is sure about Richter. They think they’ll spare him because he’s German.”
“He used to get sick like this when mama was alive,” Ian fretted, taking the warm rag from Tony’s hand. As Tony stepped back, he took over pressing the rag against James’ buckled chest. “It helps if you rub his chest while you talk him through it.”
“It’s for me, actually.” Tony revealed, choosing his words carefully. He trusted that the Klein’s were good neighbors who would not go out of their way to tell tales, but all it really took was a slip of the tongue around the wrong set of ears these days. “My father was a ship maker. Engineering has always been a hobby of mine. I tinker, mostly. Helps clear the head. The captain has been kind enough to provide me the space.”
Tony could see him fighting for calm, so he did not think it necessary to say anything more. Stefen was not a man who bullied women. The Captain breathed in deeply through his nose, chest pushing in and out in a long slow breathes before he spoke again.
From this angle his rank insignia and skull pin gleamed brilliantly. Every last inch of his uniform was pressed and in its place. Sharp silver and black.
"I'll have you sacked for this Stark!" Hammer was thundering as the doors burst open and Tony bustled inside the dining room. Whatever smile had been on Steve's face at that point bled away at the sight of the two teenagers that Tony was practically dragging along behind him, Hammer hot on their heels and red faced with fury.
Steve reached out before he could stop himself and Tony’s shoulder jumped as Steve’s fingers brushed him. He hadn't meant to reach out but it seemed he never could do what he ought to with Tony.
They couldn’t know that before Tony’s arrival the children had not been outside their own home in three years and even before that they’d not traveled far. They couldn’t know that they had a list of mysterious ailments as long as Tony’s arm that had prevented them from going to public school or (until recently) engaging in the mandated Nazi youth program.
Pepper looked up from where she was rolling numerous pairs of socks into tight little balls, her expression about as grim as the colorless sky outside the window.
"Yes." Tony said as if it were only a fact and not an utter betrayal of Steve's trust. The simple admission sliced through him like a knife to his side. He wasn’t entirely convinced he wouldn’t look down and find blood on his uniform.
“I have a staff to carry my things.” Steve reminded him, trying not to be so damn amused by his antics and failing (he’d missed them too much).
“You think everything’s silly Tacha.” Péter drawled with a roll of his own eyes and Tony caught the way she poked her tongue out at him.
“Asleep I would imagine, Captain, and I would also imagine that you would only order your head of house to disrupt her normal sleeping arrangements due to your own absence if it was an absolute emergency.”
Stefen watched him the entire time, his eyes blank but for the reflection of the fires glow. Tony thought there was something appropriate about that. He appreciated anything that made it easier to tell when the man he loved was present and when he was not. Right now, the captain was all that was holding Stefen up.
unforeseeable. Then again there's what good sense tells you and what the heart tells you.Let it be known that Tony's heart should never be trusted in matters of life and death.
“They aren’t hurt. All these wild rumors and the worst that’s happened to anyone is they’ve had to move. I’m sorry if they found that inconvenient, but Germans must put Germany first. You can’t deny that Hitler has done that and done some good.” Zimmerman stubbornly insisted.
“You will be careful, won’t you?” he asked lowly once Bucky got both children settled inside and Steve had stepped back. Seeing the worry so clearly in his eyes warmed something inside of Steve. It wasn’t the moment for it, but he thought Tony’s eyes were just as gorgeous in the moonlight as he remembered.
“That’s fighting dirty.” Péter remarked with an air of accusation from the sidelines, but Steve let it go, chuckling as he wiped the sweat from his brow.
Tony had gone from Pavlok’s office directly to the telephone booth across the street; but had made the decision to make the call from the house instead at the last moment.
His cock straining in his briefs brushed against the bulge straining in Stefen’s open slacks and the captain moaned, pleasure shuddering through him as he fell forward, one arm shoving under the arch of Tony’s back to grab roughly at the swell of his ass and lift, hips thrusting downward to chase after that wonderful friction and the sparks of pleasure it ignited.
Bucky arched his eyebrows incredulously, and looked to Tony, his expression disbelieving. Tony shrugged explaining, “He traveled with a circus before he came to the abbey.”
Herr Hammer quickly left his thoughts as he went back to examining his surroundings, his eyes coming to rest on the entrance way. The grand door was a prime example of craftsmanship, made of dark polished wood with intricately carved designs. He could well imagine the sort of entrance one could make coming down those stairs to awaiting guests. He would place money the late Mrs. Rogers had loved every second of it.
"That does sound frightful," Tony acknowledged with another laugh just as Pepper bustled into the kitchen.
It was one thing to want another man, but a man shouldn’t want to feel overpowered. This was not how he was supposed to be. It was alright for Tony to land on his back. He was different. Softer. Wonderfully softer. But he was hard too. A man everywhere it counted. Steve’s breath hitched in his chest as the pleasure built, alongside it a prickle of headache as his thoughts bounced back and forth inside his head.
Dvořák couldn’t possibly be expected to manage it all on his own… and if the coup failed? Well, if the coup failed leading more men than he’d agreed to was hardly going to be the number one thing on his list of hardships.
“You’d have to desert your post and they can’t get word of what he is doing. Think what will happen! You won’t put him at more risk Stefen, I know you won’t.” she said and Steve snarled in frustration before the energy just seemed to leave him in a giant rush. She was right. Damn it but she was right.
Tony and the others shared a wary look. Leshnerr shrugged lightly under the blanket he had wrapped over his shoulders. Tony agreed with the wordless sentiment. If they were going to be surrounded by Gestapo there wasn't much they could do about it now.
“Evening Cap,” Tony greeted, poking his head out the bedroom door as Stefen walked into the sitting room. “They’re almost ready for you. We’re doing hair, which isn’t as easy as it looks when you’ve only the one comb between each of the sexes.”
If Stefen ever made it home, that is. The idiot, the great big noble idiot. Did he really think Austria was going to thank him for giving his life in her defense? He should have taken Tony’s advice and run with the children when he’d had the chance but since when did Captain Rogers think he needed Tony’s advice?
Steve would close his eyes and remind himself that soldiers didn’t get to choose when they died. Sacrifice was what they did. But then his thoughts would flitter over the months that Tony had been with them: a lazy summer day on the lake, building boats, teaching the children to shoot and strolling hand in hand in Vienna.
"He's right. I'm sorry," Péter apologized, feeling chastised, but Natacha didn't meet his eyes as she nodded.
“Makes you wonder, doesn’t it? Maybe if we’d had weapons like that, things might have turned out differently for us in the Great War," Richter mused aloud, staring thoughtfully at Tony.
Stefen just rolled his eyes, not quite as dramatic as Natacha could do it but still, wonders never ceased.
Ned snatched up his trunk and moved like he was going to dash off to join the line boarding the train, but caught himself mid motion and turned back to Péter with an elated grin.
Charlotte chuckled, eyes widening in surprise and Steve didn’t know what to do so he just stared as the duchess gave the prince an exasperated look that gave Steve the impression she might have rolled her eyes had she been a tad less regal.
"Never you mind Hammer whether the captain is expecting them. I'll handle the captain." He heard Tony say before the man had even entered the room and Steve's mouth twitched toward a smirk.
He was really going to play, Tony’s thoughts echoed with awe. Pride swelled in his chest. He bit his lip, trying to control the insanely happy grin that wanted to take over his face.
Sam followed him out, closing the door behind him. Steve pressed his lips together, heading for the dining room, firmly trying to stomp his irritation.
"Sara?" Stefen dropped his razor into the wash bowl and took a step toward the little girl.  Sara extended her arms, letting the blanket fall to the floor as she ran toward her father, who was quick to scoop he up.
"What is the meaning of this?" Steve demanded, standing up sharply, eyes flying between Hammer and Virginia who had stopped in the doorway along with Willamina and the two house maids. All of their expressions were  grim and somewhat horror struck like a crowd gathered to watch a train wreck unfold.
“I see he found you. He’s been waiting for you for hours, haven't you?” Tony said with a fond smile as he looked over his shoulder at Steve and Artur. Steve’s breath caught a little in his throat. Artur, for his part, laid his head on Steve's shoulder and nodded.
He pinched himself until a red blossom of a bruise welled up on his arm and sucked in a harsh breath. He couldn’t think of his familia now – though it was so hard not to. What was happening to them? How could he get to them? How could he escape? Escape. Escape. That’s what he had to focus on, escaping.
That was new.  The man’s conduct toward Tony had never been exactly warm but lately it was downright chilly. He watched Bakhuizen’s retreating back and the easy language of his body as he sidled up to Ian and Péter.
Tony swallowed and when Stefen’s eyes followed the movement his cock twitched with interest. For a split moment he entertained the thought of slipping Stefen’s fingers into his mouth, but however stirring a fantasy it was, he was keenly aware of both the fact that they were in public and that the captains seven-year-old boy was giggling gleefully at their silliness not even an inch away.
It happened when Göring had searched them out through the crowd again, this time with the guest of honor and his entourage in tow.
Natacha started speaking more after that, perhaps deciding that there was wisdom in allowing her younger siblings to believe there was still a chance their father lived. Tony didn’t think there was much chance of convincing practical Natacha to put her heart in that belief, but he was grateful nonetheless to hear the return of her voice, and on one memorable occasion to see the return of her smile.
“It really isn’t fair.” Tony sighed, feeling his heart beat harder in his chest. “Who gave you the right to look so gorgeous first thing in the morning?”
The shopkeeper had never been an army man, but he imagined he would have made a good one if his limp hadn’t gotten in the way. He did his part in other ways. He’d been watching this ship whenever it was in port ever since he’d overheard a strange interaction between its captain and one of the crewmen, going on seven months back.
That was not entirely the point and Steve got the feeling that Natacha knew it, though she was too wily not to look entirely innocent as she cut away a bite of her Zwiebelkuchen. He knew he'd been played but found it hard to be angry about it. Peggy had been like that, always knowing how to play the people around her. Steve included. She'd never used her wiles for ill that Steve had known about and he could only hope that he was raising a young woman equally as good. God help them all if he wasn't.
If father were here, he’d be the one to go. He wouldn’t want any of them to get hurt, the same way Tony didn’t want any of them to get hurt.
He hadn’t slept much, and the brief stints he did manage were colored with snatches of frightful dreams. Schmidt’s smirking face looming out of dark corners, empty rooms in the villa where his children once played, calling their names over and over with no reply, a packed suitcase and Tony’s cold eyes...
It was her fault they couldn’t pack up and leave tonight, and still, there was no way to silence the grim little voice inside that thought it would have been better for them all if he had died from the poison. Better to die now, then tortured and executed later. Better for her and her siblings if their father died a martyr for Nazi propaganda, then that he died a traitor.  Better to lose just part of what you loved, then to sacrifice the whole.
"Captain Adventure looks familiar," Bucky replied picking up one of the drawings to examine closer. Steve furrowed his brow, considering the artwork once more with new perspective. It took him a moment to realize, and when he did he felt a strange tingle of embarrassment. Even though there was nothing to be embarrassed for.
Stark put his hand on Péter’s shoulder stilling him and Péter looked up at the man and swallowed, uncertainty in his eyes.
Sure, Stark was odd and frustrating at the best of times (utterly infuriating at the worst) but he was also warm, kind, frighteningly intelligent, and so full of life it was a wonder he didn't shoot off sparks.
“But you know better,” he teased turning back to watch the boys as they tired of their play and dragged themselves from the creek.
But of course not all of them could be. For some of them to be more, naturally some had to be less. Not all of them would become officers in the Führer's private army upon graduation. Some of them like Péter would prove too weak or too undisciplined for the army, and they would be sent out into the world for labor work. Somebody had to haul the bricks and polish the shoes after all. But everyone knew there wasn't real honor in it.
“The drunkest.” Bucky grunted and James sat back slowly, placated, but Ian seemed less convinced. There was nothing he could think of to say that would calm their fears. Something told him that his first instinct to snark, ‘
He watched curiosity, then excitement, and then finally sobriety flash across their faces in turn as they sat up in the bed, waiting earnestly for him to continue.
From the bus at Šijana station to a train in Tieste, where he’d stop for a connection in Venice heading to Genoa. The stop in Venice was going to be the sticky part. It wouldn’t take Stanislov long to sort out Tony had flown the coop, and it wouldn’t be much longer before he realized the next best place to rope Tony in would be the closest major import. But if he was leaving the country by train there was no avoiding Venice, and there was no time to go by any other route. For the children’s sake, if not their own, Stefen had to make their appointment in Nice in eight days' time. That was all there was to it, and Tony would be damned if it happened any other way.
What were they going to do with him? One thing was certain, they couldn't leave him out here to freeze to death while they waited for the Gestapo. She eyed him warily. She could lift him...perhaps? It would be difficult, but she and Ona could manage it she wagered. She dropped the rake, making a quick decision.
Tony thought, pushing down the urge to snap in reply. He he had a right to be cross, Stefen was being unreasonably rigid, but the stakes were too high to let his temper get the best of him. The children were depending on them to make the best choice, and the more Tony tried to beat sense into Stefen, the more he would just dig his heels in. Ruefully Tony thought back to his conversation with Natacha. Well, if blunt force wasn’t working then perhaps it was time to change tactics.
Tony focused on packing up his things as slowly the Rogers children began to gather themselves as well as their own things. He didn’t look up as they shuffled from the school room, indignation and quiet anger still simmering lowly inside.
Tony was still staring at him, the air between them charged, but there was a different heat in his eyes now. Steve took a slow breath as Bucky grumbled lowly beside him.
They started of course with the winter classics, which thankfully it wasn’t that difficult for Stefen to sing along with. He wasn’t as smooth as either Tony or the children, but his voice was pleasant and with training he could have done very well with himself.
“A prostitute?” Benjamino asked, eyebrows raised. He didn’t resemble Tony as closely as Grig did, favoring Antonia more than his father; but there was something about the expression and the awkward shifting of his weight from one foot to the other that reminded him distinctly of Stark.
Péter bristled at being referred to as a child, but if it got them where they needed to go he decided to just suffer it in silence. The monk’s eyes flicked over to him and Péter felt his skin crawl under the speculative gaze.
Ian’s mother hadn’t thought that. She’d always been kind to Cam, and even let them play together sometimes when his work was done. If his mother were here –
He felt eyes on him and looked up, expecting to find Bucky or one of the children trying to catch his attention, but when he looked around everyone was busy, chatting away as they concentrated on their projects.
Ian nodded vigorously, clutching the Barometer he still held closer to his chest, it's lid biting into his collarbone. He wasn’t sure what he was agreeing to. He couldn't think straight, couldn’t catch the words properly.
“I’m very sure. And you’re going to help me.” Tony answered confidently and it was enough to get Stanislov to lean back, his brows lifting in surprise despite his obvious effort to remain impassive. Tony went on, warning, “Because you can overpower me and drag me off to whatever hell hole, I’m sure you’ve got prepared but I promise you, you will
“The meetings have ended, the Führer signed a peace deal and is on his way back to Berlin. They’re calling it off. The Chief, he says say if you attack now the army won’t back you up. It’s over Captain.”
"Don’t know. Is stating a fact flirting?” Da smiled back at him, like he knew Ian was fighting it. “I told you your uncles better at this than I am."
“Promise me!” he insisted and Péter swallowed, his shoulders drooping as he replied, his voice shaking. “I promise.”
“Nothing happened. I had a silly disagreement over a boy with Ingrid.” The girl answered tonelessly as Tony examined her. He didn’t believe her, but didn’t think it would do any good to say so. Wordlessly he reached in his pocket for his handkerchief to offer her. She accepted it with a grateful nod and wiped at her face. When she was more presentable she handed it back explaining softly, “Péter took another patrol tonight. It’s wonderful, isn’t it Herr Stark? How keen he’s become about the HJ?”
Tony and Péter took the train to Salzburg and then a bus from the station, headed out into the countryside. It was after sunset and the middle of the week, not a high time for the local population to be going in and out of the city.  Which meant that Tony and Péter had most of the bus to themselves after they'd left the villages surrounding the city proper. They were both anxious to speak to one another but didn't dare risk it until the back of the bus had emptied, leaving just one sleeping man at the front and a woman engrossed in a book near the middle.
When Tony called out for a solo from Natacha, teasing her for ducking out on practice for their concert tomorrow evening Steve was glad. The house had been full of singing for days, but he'd missed the sound of her voice.
"You can write me. I'll answer” he said. “I'll try to answer. I'm not always able," he amended with a slight grimace. Ian knew that. They all knew that, but it hadn’t made it any easier in the past for mother when their letters went unanswered or were returned with a rejection stamp, revealing that he had never gotten them at all.
He’d gone immediately to his chair in the sitting room, the one he’d only started using again when Tony had come to stay, and lowered himself into it like an old man, to stare at the flames in the fireplace. Artur had plucked up the courage after a while to go sit with him, and everyone supposed it was a good thing that Father had wrapped an arm around Artur’s thin waist and pulled him into his lap without a hint of resistance. Only Natacha seemed to see it for what it was: an admission of defeat.
Thor looked to the duchess and they shared another moment of silent communication before Siv extended her hand to him, and Thor took it gratefully, pulling her out of her seat and to his side. She looked like she fit there, Steve thought with a pang worryingly close to jealousy. Not perhaps, for Siv herself… but for the unmistakable intimacy they shared, the trust and the support they lended to one another. He’d had that once.
Steve wiped at his neck, sweat dripping into the gap of his shirt collar. He wished they would hurry with Sam, there were too many bodies, not enough air. There was never enough air.
And never had so simple a word struck so deeply, his heart thudding painfully in his chest as all his thought zeroed in on that one single concept. He was the captain’s friend. Stefen was inviting him to a ball because he valued Tony’s friendship.
Steve lay awake listening as his son’s breaths slowly evened out, the wheezing fading as he slid into sleep, the hand he had rested on the child’s back rising and falling with each breath. He counted each one, the fear that they might suddenly stop at any moment repeatedly snatching him back from the edges of sleep.
“Your mind, Tony, I struggle sometimes comprehending just what you could do with it. And clearly this,” he leaned closer and tapped the corner of the page Tony was writing on, “means more to you than anything else. So why join a monastery?”
"If I could have everyone's attention” Lt. Stevens announced to the room perfunctorily, because everyone including Péter was watching him as silent as the grave, " I am happy to report that you have been cleared of suspicion. But of course, that leaves the issue of what is to become of you now..." As the officer trailed off awkwardly Frauline Werner stepped forward with that phony sympathetic smile of hers still in place as she looked them over, tutting.
"Polish I mean?" He smiled winsomely at Stefen, who nodded slowly, suspicion flashing through his eyes.
Natacha was jerked from sleep by the sound of her father's voice just outside her door. He’d returned three days after he’d left them at the Führer’s winter home. He hadn’t said whether he’d been able to find Bucky or Tony, and there had been such a blank and still look upon his face that none of them- even the baroness – had been brave enough to ask.
“That’s not the same as feeling no shame.” Tony pointed out. Stefen merely shrugged, clearly deciding that no more thought on the matter was needed because he buried his face against Tony’s neck with intent, kissing at the tender skin.
The call came in the morning. The children’s regular morning exercises had turned into a duel lesson in breath control and chest notes, so that by the time Tony herded them back inside to wash up for morning lessons they were red faced but bright eyed with exertion.
“Clothes, papers, tickets. Dad took your Captain and the children to Šijana this morning. They’re in the group the Rabbi is sending. No problems that we’ve heard yet.”
Between the rallies and the marches scheduled along their route, invitations poured in for dinners, lunches and teas from every prominent party member in the area. Charlotte fielded through the requests like a seasoned secretary, denying most with a politician’s smoothness, and arranging their schedule around those who could not be refused. And it wasn’t just Steve’s presence that was sought after.
"We can't just leave them there!" Bucky was snapping, a violent sort of grief twisting his voice darkly and Stefen stepped toward him, the same sharpness in his eye Tony had witnessed just before he pulled the trigger during target practice and Tony (because he was still a perfect idiot) stepped between them placing a hand on Stefen’s chest to hold him back.
Hughard Stark had known exactly what he was doing when he’d sent his son and heir to this particular monastery, and to whom he’d been sending him to.
Tony was standing on the front steps along with Natacha and the rest of the household, minus Stefen, the other children, and Bakhuizen, when the sleek black automobile carrying Dörthe Werner rolled through the gate.
“I don’t- Tony stop it.” If Stefen had meant for the please that punched its way out of his throat to sound like a command, he missed the mark by a mile.
“What do we need to bother with a bunch of Czech’s for anyway? They’re fine where they are.” Williminia sighed from over by the stove and thankfully Hammer’s attention moved away from his lowly charge and back to the cook.
The memory drifted up out of the shadows, floating on the water above his head. Tony, galloping around his bedroom, teaching the children a bar song. Eight bodies bumping and whirling around each other, blatantly ignoring Steve’s orders, flying in the face of his protective measures and declaring themselves free. Free to laugh, free to love, free to dare, and free to folly.
“Yes. They want to finish the tour in Vienna, and then they want to send me to Czechoslovakia, to take control.” He gave her the truth this time. Too exhausted to do anything else but give her what she deserved.
And of course, it did. They saw the sleek car bearing the naval insignia coming up the road long before it saw them. Harrison started to bang around down there again with worrisome enthusiasm.
“Do you really think he should be here for this?” he asked Stefen, pointedly ignoring Tony. Curiosity piqued, Tony pushed aside the issue of Charlotte and carefully scrutinized Stefen. He looked the same as he had when they’d left their lodgings that morning, that was to say stiff in the shoulders with a permanently tense expression. A far cry from the loose-limbed man with the sinfully long eyelashes he’d left sleeping peacefully in bed before the sun rose, but a familiar sight nonetheless.  And yet Tony was certain that something was wrong.  He could not explain it. Just a sixth sense. A Stefen sort of sense, that was surprisingly fine tuned to the almost frantic energy he was exuding.
But my wife... my daughter.” Dvorak bleated, crumbling to the floor as if his legs could no longer hold him and Bucky stared down at him in disgust. The man was completely broken. Bucky wanted to feel only revulsion for his weakness, for the selfishness that had brought him to this miserable state but that wouldn’t get him to talk and Bucky desperately needed Dvorak to talk. No, more than that. Bucky needed his help. One last coup, one last stand together. Not for Stefen’s sake but for Helene and Renee, Bucky slowly realized.
“How long are they to be here Captain?” Tony asked politely, almost expecting the stiff way that Stefen replied.
Steve squeezed the back of his neck, trying to dislodge the sensation of hot breath prickling his skin, of Schmidt leaning over him and -
Father scooped up Artur and braced himself against James’s tackle. Now that Ian was closer he could see how pale he was.
“I don’t know Captain…” Jan murmured softly on her next turn. When she faced him again her eyes were soft, but there was something incredibly tired in them. “There’s a lot of danger out there in the world for a woman alone. People like to take advantage. A woman in my position especially… well she has to walk carefully.”
Damn it all but Rogers was confusing. Tony had gotten the impression that Stefen cared little for the Nazis and their politics, which had only been enforced in Tony’s mind a dozen little ways over the weeks: his changes to the children’s curriculum, the lack of Nazi propaganda in the home, the seclusion of the household, his unapologetic friendship with a black gardener, the things he let slip in his letters about his childhood and his fears for the future.
The house wasn't tomb like now, Steve mused quietly to himself, listening to Ian telling Natacha about the bookstore they'd visited in town and the other scattered bits of conversation floating around the table.
Tony had Stanislov get the tickets for the following month and wrote to Martin, his poor solicitor, who would no doubt be confused by some of its contents, but clear enough on others to know what must be done. The American lawyer Murdock would be given instructions to secure living arrangements in anticipation of Tony’s arrival in New York. Getting there was the feat.
“I've often wondered why a man of your skill chose to work with children, Stark. Or was it because they're my children?”
Within the drawer there was also a small leather-bound journal. When he opened it, Tony found that it was full of names and addresses but no helpful descriptions to shed any light on why Stefen had felt the need to write them down or their importance. They weren’t all local either. There were a couple of English addresses including that of a May Parker, a professor Charles Xavier at Cambridge and one for Samuel Wiess.
If he never said anything else to Péter he had to say this. Péter stared at him, his gaze rapt with attention.
Stefen looked away and Tony braced himself for any number or response (each more negative than the last) when the captain refused to take his meaning. Coming here to intrude on his solitude this way and say the things he felt he must had been a risk, one that he was not all that hopeful of seeing paid off.
Those who had fled their homes on their own power favored the option of leaving the country altogether, but with the borders tightly regulated, hefty fees, and so few countries still willing to take them many found themselves stuck in a horrifying game of wait for the gestapo to catch up and ship them off to one of the ghettos. Homeless and without options they were forced to find shelter with anyone willing to have a Jew under their roof. They probably thanked God some of the churches were still willing.
"The loss of the Great War was the greatest betrayal of government that our people has ever known." Neuman said with the kind of heavy-laden heart Tony had heard countless times from ex-soldiers, and the men who had been there in the trenches fighting for their country the way they'd been taught to believe they should. "Politicians don't understand war, though they love to make it. They'll never know what it's like to lose your soul to the trench and mud, only to be abandoned on the front line."
The Rogers children scoff, trading knowing glances, none so loudly as James, who is somewhat infamous for his temper.
Steve’s body went tight, faced with the clear suspicion in the prince’s dark eyes but he calmly accepted the drink though he made no move to drink it. He noticed Bucky didn’t either which told him that the other man wanted a clear head in case of confrontation.
He started when there was a violent thud against the back window, he turned to see that Clint had twisted halfway around, the rest of him still turned toward the road behind them where he was pointing emphatically with the hand not banging rapidly on the glass.
“No it doesn’t.” James shot back with a worried frown. “He said that if it was going to take as long as last time, he’d send for us. Father’s always gone for ages!”
“Especially you I think.” He heard Pepper murmur under her breath, just for his ears, and then jumped in surprise when she jabbed him in the chest with a pair of envelopes. “These came with the postman.”
But that had been a lie hadn’t it? All of it. This life that Peggy had lived. This life that their family’s fortune had helped supplement to save
Virginia stepped close to murmur quickly, “Frauline Werner rang to make the arrangements. I held her off until Wednesday.”
His throat spasmed and ached around the aborted laughter and he coughed violently. Only a crazy person would free a deranged man they were alone with. She was lying, but Steve could pretend to fall for it if it got her close enough. He shuffled to his knees with a pitiful groan, rocking back onto his toes. Come closer, one step closer he silently begged her.
The children were a hit at the German Empire Folk Festival, previously known up until that point as Oktoberfest, the fall celebration in honor of Prince Ludwig’s marriage. It was funny, in the morbid way that life so often was, that a tradition over a century old rooted in levity and romance could in the stroke of a pen become this garish show of propaganda. Or maybe it had always been that at its core, Tony found himself musing more than once as the weekend progressed. And only when it changed to fit some new idea of national pride did anyone notice.
Tony’d remarked poignantly, recalling those strange days in summer.  Stefen hadn't answered, but then again Tony hadn't expected one.
He stood back and allowed room for Tony to enter the room and Tony crossed the threshold without pause. Once decided on a course he rarely dithered.
For a few minutes Bucky sat silently watching the man work. God only knew where he’d pulled the old boats from. If memory served they’d belonged to Peggy’s family, old when they’d been dragged up here, and now likely full of leaks after years of neglect.
Not necessarily, some childish petulant voice whispered in the back of his mind. Not all couples slept in the same bed. There wasn't love between him and Charlotte. Stefen had sworn it. He and Tony would have to be more careful with when they lay together, but what was a little more secrecy in regard to something they already had to keep secret? It would all be fine.
The first wave of guests had already said their goodbyes, those who’d felt obligated to make an appearance, and those with young children at home, offering up their excuses and fetching their coats with the relief of a job well done. Beultin had been among them. Bucky had seen the eccentric old scholar depart at the reasonable hour of nine, whistling merrily to himself as he donned his coat and hat. He’d had his handkerchief hanging out of the right pocket. It was their signal for all being well. Bucky had watched from the window as Billy left the house, making for the cab that was waiting to take him home – where his packed bags were waiting as well as his ticket to London. Bucky didn’t see any of the numerous cars or cabs parked out front attempt to follow him. He couldn’t discount that a tail might be waiting somewhere down the road, but with any luck he’d gone completely undetected and would be on the first flight out in the morning.
Hammer was by all accounts unremarkable. He came from country stock and a long history of house servants. He'd not have been noteworthy on anyone's ledger, if it weren't for the scarlet complaint on his public record from his previous employer, and the notoriety of his present one and the accusations he’d made against the Major. People made outrageous demands of the police every day, but It was the fact that Hammer worked within Major Rogers household and claimed to have knowledge that the man was a traitor to the Reich that meant he had to be listened to. No matter how unpleasant a chore that often proved to be.
“Of course Captain.” Franz nodded slowly tucking the journal away. “I am sure we will all enjoy your artwork. How often are you expecting to publish an issue?”
There seemed to be something familiar about the fellow in the cap but Deiter couldn't get a good look at him from behind his paper, and all men started to look the same bundled up tight in the gray of winter. The lieutenant abandoned his curiosity altogether when the waiter came to take his order.
In part one of this post we're sharing an English cover of this song, by an amazing young performer Hope (originally performed by Lauren Aqulina). In a following post we will share with you the version that the family knows.
There was a roaring in Tony’s ears that had nothing to do with the fire. He was struck by the urge to cover his ears, the desire to turn his back and simply walk away before he could hear the captains answer so strong his whole body twitched.
The two men stared at each other in stark silence until Khalmmer blinked, coughed gently and another two pence smile stretched across his face.
"N-no?" Péter blushed a vibrant red and she laughed again. Though she winked at him Péter couldn't help but notice she let her arms fall from around him and backed away, already regretting the loss of her soft feel against his body and the sweet smell of her perfume.
Everything was not fine. Tony could make a very long list in his head of all the things that were very much ‘not fine’ right now and at the top, almost superseding the German aggression in Czechoslovakia and the increasingly hostile anti-Semitic rule of law in Germany, was Baroness Schrader and her fine pink little fingers wrapped around Stefen’s.
“Alright, little potatoes gather round.” Tony clambered to his feet with a clap of his hands. The children gathered obediently (Natacha begrudgingly). “Let us get this lesson started shall we? It will distract certain bottomless pits we know from thinking about their stomachs.”
"He's going to pull through." Tony declared, tone allowing room for no arguments. And of course, nobody gave him any except for the man's supposed best friend. Who you'd think would be more supportive, considering.
"That's because up until a few days ago that one hadn't been invented." Tony replied quietly, not feeling the pride or any of the smugness he'd expected to feel in that moment. There was however a bone deep satisfaction to looking at that crater. He didn't care that somewhere in that blaze there were bodies - humans who had lost their lives. Those people weren't men to him. Not anymore.
That still didn't make much sense to Natacha, but she trusted the good sense of it now that she was older. Péter with his big brain could probably tell her exactly what went into the liquid that had filled that little brown bottle, and why it had failed to save the people they loved; but she was sure that with or without him it would still upset a healthy man's stomach.
There had once been a Stefen Rogers that hadn’t aimed to please anyone at all, but that man was long gone. Traded for this man who had to force his lips into a smile and dance for a crowd he despised, and he did not know what Baroness Shrader thought she knew about him but she didn’t know the half of it.
“That road will take you past the SS Barracks and connects to the road to gartenberg”. Frau Zemo answered brightly, and Natacha turned to look where she was pointing through the trees. Gartenberg was where the Wehrmacht mountain troops had their headquarters. General Schmidt was there. She wondered if he’d be coming to dinner.
But Stark was busy stripping Sara who was giggling and trying to put her clothes back on as just hastily as Stark was stripping her just because she thought it was funny.
So much for pulling the bandage off quickly, he thought. He pressed the bell again, then again. Really? The service here was quite-
The old tool box he and Péter had used was still there, still lying open on the edge of the table. Behind his back Tony flexed his fingers, eyeing the wrench head jutting out of the tangle of tools.  It would be an easy reach and he was ready.
Officially trapped he stabbed another forkful of fish and mulishly began to eat under the watchful gazes of his children.
“Mother used to give us warm baths when we were little.” Ian informed them, biting his lip worriedly. “It helps when your chest rattles.”
They did indeed find Pepper in the nursery with the girls and little Artur, all freshly bathed and scrubbed pink, dressed for bed despite not having yet had their supper.  At the sight of him Artur shrank back and Tony’s heart twisted in his chest but he barely had time to process the emotion he felt because Sara slipped off of Pepper’s lap and toddled across the room like a miniature missile to throw her arms around his knees. After a moment’s deliberation Maria rushed to do the same and Artur was on her heels like a shadow.
What good was it, that Stark gave his brother a reason to live if loving him was only going to make Steve act in a way that got him killed? Bucky really would do it first. He’d never let Steve die in Nazi hands, an
. Look at me, darlin." The rough pads of his fingers gently urged her chin upward until her eyes met his. His gaze was so deep and serious, she felt for a moment that she might fall into it until their brown had covered her like ink.
“Look the SS are no friends of mine either, but they wouldn’t dare do those sorts of things to citizens!” Zimmerman countered angrily.
The problem was news traveled too slowly. And as sharing information only got riskier and they lost informants to arrests and untimely deaths, finding anyone who wasn’t leaving a paper trail was nearly impossible.
That, and with the city's eyes on them, eager to see more and know more about the famous Captain Rogers and his family, Charlotte wanted them to appear as much like a happy and cohesive family as possible. She understood what the Germans wanted from all of them, perhaps better than Stefen did. People wanted to believe that all was well, and that the country would continue to prosper under its new leadership and nothing calmed that anxiety so much as the picture of a happy family. A proud man in uniform with a dutiful woman by his side, and strong healthy happy children. All of them proud to do their part for their nation.
“And here I thought you liked trouble, Stark.” He’d teased as the driver came around to open doors for them. Tony had made a face at him as he’d exited the car, nodding his gratitude to the driver and the livered attendants who had stepped up to assist and guide them inside.
She tapped on the barrel beside her and Artur popped out of it a moment later, scrambling out from its depths with no more finesse than a fish trying to flop out of a net as Péter alerted Ian it was safe to come out. The two youngest girls where the last to be passed down from the truck, Ian deigning to hold onto Sara, while Natacha carried Maria. Despite the strangeness of their journey, the cold and the stinging of the wind, the children obediently kept quiet, huddled together like rabbits for warmth. Péter threw down what few provisions Tony and Scott had managed to hide in the back of the truck and then jumped down himself, stumbling a little on his landing. Tony reached to help right him, and even though the layers of wool that he wore Tony could feel Péter shaking beneath his hand. He squeezed to bolster him, proud of how well he was handling the impossible, and could only hope that Péter couldn't feel the same from him.
“No.” Natacha admitted with a slight shake of her head even though Steve didn’t need her to. “They left to find their family. I only said they were sick to give them time.”
While he would stop before calling the beast gentle his stroppy host spent most of his time snoring or huffing at Steve from a safe distance across the pen. The grizzly little thing seemed to be the woman’s pet. Her special little love. Like Artur and little Mon-Ami.
“Yes! Of course,” Péter quickly replied but Ned looked disbelieving and arched a dark brow at him. Péter just hoped he didn’t ask him to repeat anything.
“Of course, it’s just chemistry. Mind you, we should have someone experienced show us the ropes so we don’t damage your film.” Tony mused. “The news office will have a dark room. Fancy another trip into town?” He asked, and Péter’s face lit up as he laughed and shot up from his chair.
Charlotte had been allowing Captain Rogers to court her for just under a year and a half. It was a considerable amount of time, too lengthy to be fashionable in some circles of thought. After all, no woman liked to think of herself as an afterthought or a ‘last resort’ but Charlotte never let such things bother her.
“It’s yours to oversee.” Lt. Stevens corrected him with a reproachful glare. “Everything that belonged to the Major belongs to the state now and you’d be wise to learn not to bite the hand that feeds you.”
Peter dug his fingers into his arm and twisted the sleeve of his shirt as he forced the words out, a tired admittance. It would be amazing to go to that school. He had wanted to. But that was selfish. He knew it was.
They were all heavy with bottled adrenaline, like snakes sunning themselves on a rock, slow calculated but every bit ready and dangerous. Bucky reached into the duffle and made a face at the sight of the canned food it held.
"What are you on about now? Of course we need more than one. I’m a good shot but I can’t pull something like that off on my own, are you nuts?!"
It was Tony’s great shame, knowing that even if he was horribly wrong in all his hopes, that his own feelings would not change even if that came to be. He would go to his grave hating the Nazis and all that they stood for, but he’d never be able to forget Stefen or deny what he’d felt. This man he’d seen in all his barest… he simply could not turn his heart away from. So that even though he might be betrayed by it, even though it might be his very undoing, he still wished he could say the words that had driven his mother to his father’s side. The confession of Ruth.
“Yes he could have! Did you ever stop to wonder just why he didn’t? Why your father sent you here, to the ‘lion’s den’ as you called it?”
Oh but they all wanted so badly to believe war could be avoided and saner heads prevail. So badly they would sell their neighbors and their children and anything else besides. Badly enough to condemn anyone who got in their way.
: This chapter focuses heavily on Steve's time in a concentration camp. We've continued our mission to stay evenly grounded between accuracy & fiction, which means we earn those tags up there. The experimental program to create super soldiers was a very real thing, and unfortunately had Steve's name written all over it. We do our best to stay sensitive and respectful of the subject matter, but urge you to use your best discretion. All portions have been clearly labeled. If you wish to avoid the Dachau portions altogether you can do so easily.
Tony thought that he could be happy with the quiet life of a retired clergyman, with his good friend Captain Rogers. In fact, at this point he was sure that having such a life denied him once and for all was going to break his heart. Did that stop him from pressing forward?
“Do you have a grandmother?” he asked Tony after a long moment and a picture of Nonna’s face as he’d last seen it leaped into Tony’s head, hazy with the recollection of age.
Who knew what was lurking in her past, and despite the fact that she was innocent of all wrong doing, if things were allowed to continue on, his Helena might be deported. He had no love for the Jews, they had a way of dirtying up any place they resided in for long, but Helena, she was the world.
“We can’t, they’ll kill us!” It was the closest to pleading Steve had heard from him. Save the night in the piano room.
Rogers was on his side with his back to them when they entered, his head bent over a bowl that a young woman in a soiled apron was holding up for him. Her eyes where scrunched closed so as not to see whatever was forcing its way out of Rogers system, her face having taken on a peaky pallor that suggested at any moment she might faint or join him in spilling his guts. The fingers Rogers had clutching the bowl were lily white, the muscles in his back spasming with every heave.
The body lying next to his shifted and Steve’s heart jolted into his throat. It was real. Not his dead wife, but something real. Something big, pressing against his legs and nudging them as it moved. He used all his strength to hoist himself up until he was crouched on his knees. But since his arms and feet were still secured to the post, all of his weight came down on his shoulders and he groaned with pain, his vision swimming.
That was the only explanation he had for why he felt as small as he did faced by the size and splendor of the villa. He came to a complete halt in the fare, caught off guard by the sheer grandness of it all. There were two grand staircases coming down from the second floor landing that spilled out into the opening of the grand entrance like two arms open in embrace.
"It's not proper for young women to take to the stage." Natacha chastised gently and Tony's frown deepened as her eyes met his, their blue cool and sharp . "Your true work lies at home."
Per the captain’s instructions, each morning after breakfast he met the children in the school room where he was to spend several hours brushing off last terms lessons, patching any holes, and preparing them in an advance for fall term. Their summer lessons were light in that regard (mostly review).
"Don't look at me like that." he heard himself say and Steve pulled his eyes away from the necklace to look at him once more. Tony shuddered at the sensation of falling - the gravity in those eyes, pulling him in.
Tony did not sleep well his first night with the Rogers family. After the children had been ordered back to their rooms and the Captain had practically slammed the door shut on his face leaving Tony alone for the night, he’d tried but the room was too big, smelled too stale, and he couldn’t help but remember the press of seven smaller bodies around his and think that it had been better: if only not to be alone.
He nodded his agreement and Stefen stiffly gestured for him to go first, so Tony pushed away from the open door and stepped into the back garden, waiting for Stefen to join him.
Fat bulbous torpedoes that might be intimidating to gawk at but were disproportionate in weight and burdened by bulky battery packs. Everywhere he looked he saw the marks of lazy uninspired engineering and it made his fingers curl, resisting the urge to start pulling out his hair.
Jann was glad they were safe, but they would need some time to come up with a plan help them. The war made it nearly impossible, and there were bigger problems stirring for the resistance. Something was going on with Thor. They knew about the map and they wanted to know if Steve still had it.
But still, Bakhuizen did look as if he wouldn't mind beating both of them. Tony could be forgiven for taking a wary step back from the man as he continued to spit what were probably curses at Stefen in Romany.
with Rogers. He’d either been drunk or sunk to the level of exhaustion only achieved when sleep and regular meals were a distant memory. Tony should know, he was well experienced with it. If it truly had just been weariness that ailed the captain Tony had to wonder what sort of matters Rogers was involved in that could leave him in such a state.
"You're quiet James." Tony called out to the boy, who didn't look up from his sketch. "I thought you'd be the most excited of all. All these people to show off to."
They kept him alive. Kept him fit. Kept him ready for the next dose of drugs. Poked prodded and tested every limb, searching for signs of elevation. A superior man rising out of the wasted shell of a nothing. Subject U-1610.
Antonia bit down on her lip fretfully, twisting her hands together as she contemplated the awful truth of it. It was a moment more before she heaved a small sigh and went on. “Grig says there is a man named Luzzatto within the delegation who works to smuggle Jews into France. He was able to get you all on the list. You will make your way to Genoa with all of those headed to Shanghai and then branch off with those going to France. Luzzatto will lead you all to the city of Nice. After that you will be on your own.”
“No. I’ve been there and seen the conditions myself! It’s deplorable how these Czech shiteaters treat Germans,” Zimmerman snapped back. “Our own people!”
“Julia, said you were acting funny. You alright to walk?” A heavy hand landed on his back, and Steve felt it like his skin was trying to leap off his bones.
“We can't know for sure that Antony has stolen-” Tiberius opened his mouth to interject but fell wisely silent under the Father Superior's stern glare.
Steve sat there in the chair until his thighs were numb, till his arms ached and his heartbeat echoed in his ears. His weary body began to sway from exhaustion, but he didn’t feel it, or hunger or pain.  He sat there looking at his family, etching their faces into his memory, until the sun began to set, casting him into darkness. The shadows lengthened, stretching and weaving around him, turning themselves into the shape of monsters and beasts. But there was no nightmare that could reach him now. No horror greater than what he’d already suffered. He had no idea how long he sat, only that he was alone in an empty box with his ghosts.
They were standing so close, Harry’s hands gripping Péter’s arms as they traded heated words that for a startling moment Tony thought he’d stumbled upon something intimate.
Without answering Stefan sank down and began to glide along in the water ahead of them. The white linen of his untucked shirt pooled around him like the skirt of a jelly fish, revealing slips of the pale white skin underneath.
Tony stared at him. He knew that look, had seen it in the mirror a thousand times, on his father’s face, on his uncle’s face and the face of his grandparents. Sieger had already decided Stefen was to be feared and that made him someone to watch. The lesson was repeating itself right outside the window, that there wasn’t much people couldn’t bring themselves to do when they found a need to defend themselves.
Tony was saddled with seven smaller versions of the bravest most reckless idiot he’d ever met, and he was losing his mind.
"The barracks are in Bayrischzell where we left em and Phillips is retired," Bucky reminded him as he worked with Harold to turn Steve's heavy body so that he wouldn't fall face forward onto the bed. "And you're burning up. Christ."
"You batt your eyelashes at me again, and I'll skin your eyelids. Slurp them with my soup.” Was all he said before turning his eyes back to the road. Tony swallowed thickly and followed suit, though he couldn’t help casting the man a nervous glance or two. Even Clint kept his mouth shut. Bucky's tells were much harder to read than Stefen's and he looked altogether too serious about that threat.
His fingers itched for more paper. He could draw the whole thing now, the whole blue and gold kingdom under the shimmering water. He could pack up his things and walk out of here, catch a train home to Salzburg and gather the children. With the Abwehr covering his absence as part of a classified training operation he didn’t need to be anywhere or explain himself to anyone. By the time the dust settled from the coup he’d be long gone.
Heat was the first concern. They had a small pile of wood for the fireplace but it was dwindling fast. The canned food in the pantry had to be used sparingly. Their supplies would be gone come spring, but then they could make traps and there were old hunting rifles in the loft.
, but as the German war machine pressed further east, more and more Jews flocked to Italian cities in the south. The state said, ‘
It was best to trim the branches and wrap the ropes around the trunk before they completely severed the tree from its base, to make it easier for dragging and hoisting upon the sled. Ian attacked the task the same way he did everything, with determined focus, the ax swinging with strength and precision impressive for a boy not quite twelve.
"It's nearly finished. Captain Adventure has just agreed to rescue little Kurt from Dr. Doom. His mother is very appreciative."
And yet she was reduced to the role of invisible partner speaking through her husband, her many contributions to his work left unacknowledged.
“I can swim!” Péter protested, sweeping Maria into his arms. Tacha nodded in agreement her expression earnest.
And there, Tony saw Stefen’s eyes widen in realization before he nodded, humming to himself in consideration.
And to fulfill the needs of this "visual" post (not to mention pimp one of my favorite Youtube Vidders:
“Karachunya,” James chirped, beaming with pride at his own cleverness. Tony frowned and James explained with a smug air. “That means Happy Christmas.”
Her dark hair was done up in a stylish bob and her dress had so many sparkles on it, it was almost enough to make a man see spots. But Tony had to be the only one not looking at and gossiping about the surprise addition of a celebrity vocalist, because one of the five men who followed her in carrying heavy instrument cases was none other than Bucky – looking handsome in a slightly too big waist coat.
“Artur forgives you James. So do I,” Maria immediately reassured him, laying her small hand on the knee that had begun poking above the water. “So does everyone else. Right Tony?”
"Ian can be the next Lion of Austria. " He muttered viciously under his breath, "He can be a murdering coward."
Natacha's whole body went still, the white breath that had been pluming in the air in front of her catching in her chest and stinging.
Which evidently Bethany McCabe had no problem doing as she gave him a very stern, frankly Pepperish look and drawled, “Certainly not humble.”
Bobby Drake snickered at this, but Harry bristled, his eyes narrowing as he opened his mouth to press the issue. Tony decided to intervene, making his presence known with a couple of loud footsteps before he entered the room and brightly greeted its occupants. Péter invited him to sit and eat, a grateful smile in his eyes.
“No. You stop.” Tony insisted. There was a quiet confidence taking hold of him and he wondered if this was how Yinsen had felt, that day in the wood when he’d told Tony to run. Certain and calm even in the face of what might kill him. Too full for the sort of fear that debilitated, that allows the people you love to stay in harms way.
Tony’s voice was pitched so low Steve doubted anyone besides himself could hear it, but it seemed to hit him hard just the same. There was blood pounding in Steve’s ears, so perhaps it was a good thing that Bucky called his name, urging him to hurry when he did. Steve swallowed, and with difficulty laid a hand upon Tony’s shoulder, squeezing gently as he backed up a step and allowed the cool night air to rush between them.
“For the price of friendship.” Steve corrected, looking back into the fireplace at the remnants of the letter now turned to ash. He hoped Tony would understand, though it wouldn’t matter either way whether he did or didn’t. “He risked a great deal to go against his father because it was the right thing to do. He trusted me with the lives of his wife and children because he believed, that even when others gave up I’d do all that I could for them. He gave me a map of a secret way into the palace. Only Bucky and I ever saw it.”
“And that’s why your Uncle Bucky will forever be finding himself running from trouble.” Steve remarked equally dry and Bucky scoffed, leaning down to faux whisper in James ear.
In some ways, seeing their father again became just one more distant hope. It wasn’t yet a wistful daydream like a welcome home party for Sam, or the first thing they’d do when they were able to go home again, but with every passing day it slid closer and closer to being that; and even though Tony knew that was for the best, it made his heart ache deeply. He only ever indulged in the feeling of grief late at night when they were sleeping, while he stared into the fireplace and willed Stefen to hurry. If he was going to come it would have to be soon.
“I’ve spent weeks trying to figure out what to make of you… Doesn’t really matter though. You’re just another fire, Stark. He might need you, but that doesn’t mean I’m about to let him get burned.”
"It will be all right, Tony,” Stefen said in this infuriatingly gentle tone, like Tony was some fretful woman.  Tony rolled his eyes, frustrated realizing that Stefen was only making good on his promise to keep Tony from worrying. “I didn't bring you here to try and talk us out of it-" Stefen began with the familiar firmness of command and Tony waved him to silence with an exasperated sigh and interrupted.
If only he knew. If only there was a way to make him understand that there wasn’t anything in the world Tony didn’t think he’d sacrifice in order to stay by his side. He was Ruth, trembling before the alter of devotion.
Sara weaved for about half a yard before she stumbled and fell again, but this time Steve was right behind to swoop her up. She squawked indigently for a moment, protesting until Steve had lifted her above his head and placed her on his shoulders. When she realized that this position allowed her to see all around, she held on tight and let loose a joyful giggle.
Péter gaped at the admission, opening his mouth as if he might protest by route and Steve shook his head, tilting the corner of his mouth in a rueful grin.
“It’s alight.” Tony announced, not just for his sake but for Hortense and Willamina as well, who were both pale and shaken. “It’s going to be alright.”
Tony was practically stomping by the time they entered their rooms, gearing up to give the man a piece of his mind. Stefen for his part looked completely relaxed. Amused even.
“Every detail Captain,” Tony promised, meeting Rogers stare for stare this time. He could see that Rogers had heard the underlining threat in his words and couldn’t help the swell of satisfaction that brought him. Rogers however, didn’t take the bait.
like this had been cooked up by men of the past. Men who measured success by the erasure of visible symptoms – but science had progressed, men had seen deeper inside the body and understood more of it than they ever had before. Tony had witnessed first-hand what arsenical compounds could do. They were lethal, always, make no mistake. Got a fever? A few drops a day would kill anything else you had, and then it would kill you. Just give it time.
She could have said something wrong. Those kinds of people weren’t allowed to own property, weren’t allowed to serve in the army, they simply weren’t <I>allowed</i> period. Her father could lose everything if people knew. She’d never have forgiven herself if she’d been the one responsible for that happening to her family.
Though Steve was still a distance away, the sight of the cabin through the trees sitting as still as if it were a painting filled him with dread. His heart began to slam against his ribs, as the still air was suddenly ripped open with an animal cry. A fox maybe. Trapped somewhere… Steve pulled himself up onto his feet, the sight of his goal nearly within reach bringing a last wave of strength.
Clucking her tongue disapprovingly Rouge was viciously slashing out the pictures of those smiling women writing boldly across their bodies 'WOMEN FOR RESISTANCE' just as Péter heard the sound of a car engine coming up the road. It was only a second later when he could see headlights splashing against the side of a building across the street.
“You told her didn’t you.” Ian groaned, scrutinizing Péter carefully as his older brother shook his head. “You did. There’s no way she could have known otherwise.”
Tony was tempted to agree just to show the man a thing or two but there was still the matter of his pride. What was this, really? Tony went over the events of the last few days in rapid succession.
“Who on earth told you that?” he asked and the child did not so much as bat an eyelash before he earnestly replied.
“Here, by…” Magda looked around. The only thing that looked stable enough to hold him was the pen she kept their oldest and dearest goat in. Well, if needs must. “Over here.”
We got a very interesting question about our decision to essentially fridge the amazing character that is Peggy Carter so I thought I'd do a post on the Peggy of our story, and we can't do that without Natasha so you get two for the price of one.
“You'll receive your official orders when Colonel Marquering arrives. A company leader will collect you later, I know how busy you are. Until then, you're dismissed.” Schmidt snapped his arm in the air in a salute. “Heil Hitler!”
“Fabels Metals has their headquarters in town. At least they used to. We used to buy all of our steel from Fabels.” Tony rambled. Stefen just stared at him, though it was with a quiet intensity that made him sure that Stefen was observing him very carefully.
“But why aren't there any crustaceans in our lake?” Artur scrunched up his face and tugged at Steve's sleeve impatiently. Steve stumbled over the boy for the second time and quickly righted himself, taking in a deep breath to rein in his temper. The dark cloud that had hung over Steve his entire drive home was not Artur’s fault. He'd purposely gone a longer route on the way home, his thoughts turning over in a jumble, always coming back to Tony. By the time he'd parked and handed over his motorbike to Hogan he'd not come any closer to a decision on what to do. The only thing he knew for certain was that he needed to see him. Steve had come striding through the back door, intent on finding Tony and confronting him but Artur had been there in the kitchen with Willamina getting a snack and was now all worked up about some water creature Tony had been teaching the children about.
“Frau Boehringer’s here. And a runner with news.” The private whispered to Zimmerman who nodded and relayed the message to Steve.
“Yes, sorry…” Steve cleared his throat. “Buck and I got on the road this morning. The phone line was down at the hotel.”
But, Steve couldn't shake from his memory the way he’d seen James grinning as his brother, his normally quiet and reclusive brother… how the boy had nearly swung him into a dresser, wearing a coronet on his head for god’s sake... how they’d both been laughing. And no matter how much he resented it the monk was right. The children had always climbed into bed with him and Peggy when it stormed… he’d not even thought of that. How many storms had there been in the years since her passing?
“I would say nothing more until you are officially questioned.” The officer warned him and Péter’s horrified babble cut away as silence descended over them all. Tony opened his eyes, watching as the officer looked over the children, warning them in a low serious tone, “Be very careful of what you say from now on. Given that you are children, the administration understands you had little choice in the matter. We are willing to hear your side of things. I’m sure you’re all loyal Germans, but until you are cleared and it is decided what will be done with you, you will remain here under house arrest.”
“I heated water.” She murmured, guiding Tony toward where she’d set up the designated washing tub. Tony was grateful to see steam rising out of it and made quick work of stripping James out of his wet clothes and lowering the boy into the tub. It was just big enough for him to sit, mostly covered with the water just above his knees.
“You mean when the shopkeepers all but saluted you?” Tony scoffed. “You were there, doing something for the resistance effort. Picking up that parcel in your hand I imagine.”
Steve tore his mouth away, panting for breath and Tony shuddered, swaying as if he might fall. Steve pulled him back in until their foreheads pressed together. His heart beating wildly against his ribs in tandem with Tony’s.
Ian, who happened to be sitting next to him, placed a consoling hand on David’s back and volunteered to go next. “It’s easy see, ‘
A flash of movement in the corner of his eye and he tensed as hands clutched at Natacha. Emile’s aunt. She smiled emptily at him, nodding kindly as she asked for Tacha’s and Ian’s company. Steve’s unwillingness to for the children to leave his side had not gone unnoticed by any of the party guests, eager as they were to meet the Rogers children.  Before he could react, Charlotte's hand gripped his arm in a death grip.
Tony’s heart only began to calm down when the door to the attic stairs finally came into view. Keeping a level head was the key here. They could get out of this, but only if they all kept their heads.
And with that resolve in place it occurred to him to remember that Stefen had taken the other children away for the day and had likely not yet returned, if the quiet of the house was anything to go by.
“Has something happened Tony?” Natacha asked in a grave tone. “He and James aren't coming back, are they?”
Somewhere right now in Hamburg, Salzburg, Berlin, Vienna, and anywhere else that could be imagined, there are two old friends happily sharing their lives together. People wonder but they didn’t pry, and if someone recognized them in one of those infamous establishments that catered to a certain kind they weren’t likely to mention it for fear of being asked why they were there themselves.
Steve saw it again, the little girl lying in the street, the man lying over her, their dark hair tangled together.
“I should have been there. I-” Steve began, anxiety spiking as his eyes flicked over his many wounds again.
“Stefen.” There was a hint of a smile around Tony’s mouth. Though there was fondness in it, there was a terrible sadness too. “If you want me to live then you’ll have to live with me. You want me safe, then be safe. That’s the way it has to be.”
James, who had sprinted up ahead to peer into the window of a toy shop trotted back agreeably enough (Tony could only thank their lucky stars) and seemed happy to walk next to Natacha, his eyes sparkling as she pointed at a display of sweet breads in the window of a small café house.
Ona dropped his legs as soon as they were deep enough into the barn. She darted off to where they stored much of the harvest equipment, returning with a long rope. It was old and it might not hold him if he tried to tear loose, but from the state of him Magda would be surprised if he could manage so much as a tug. He looked like one of the rag dolls she used to play with as a little girl. Only she’d kept her doll well and safe from wear and tear. This man had been thrown away.
Natacha stared back at him, her eyes swimming with some unnamable emotion before she slowly looked away, nodding solemnly. She went back to her knitting without saying a word, but Péter knew her. He let out a slow breath of relief.
“He’s tired,” she said quietly and Bucky wasn't sure if she was speaking to him or herself. Convincing herself it was Steve’s lethargy that had him seeking out Stark and the children's company over her own when his body reached its limits. What finely woven fairy tales they all had to tell themselves.
"Shh, Wanda. It's alright." Peitro shifted to wrap his arms more surely around his sister's shuddering form and as he did, the sleeves of his night shirt slid downward to pool at his elbows. It was there that Tony saw on the inside of his left wrist a strange network of bruises and track marks. The skin was riddled with scars old and new , some of them barely healed. And there at the top, tattooed in black spidery ink was a series of numbers. A brand, like farmer might number his cattle.
“Where do ya want me?” he asked, straightening and Tony gestured with his free hand toward Stefen’s legs, tangled in his blankets.
“Rochel needs to get out of Poland,” he rasped, looking up to meet Steve’s eyes once more and in them Steve saw the same fear and dread that dogged every step Steve made. Cursing under his breath he revealed, “I warned her, but she won’t leave that man of hers. She’s stubborn.”
“Wasn’t expecting you till morning.” Grimm gruffly barked, giving the signal that he was infact the man they were waiting for and things were good to proceed.
“He’s not.” Natacha admitted quietly, her voice wavering. She bunched her skirt up between her fists as everybody’s focus shifted to her in bafflement. She still sounded subdued, like she’d gotten walked out onto the ice and knew the ground was about to give out under her, but she straightened her spine and pulled her head up anyway.
“Then I’m surprised he let you do what you did.” Bruce remarked with what he was certain now was mild rebuke and Tony bristled, finding himself jumping to the captain’s defense.
“The only way to end a war is to fight it.” Stefen murmured. Though his gaze was still lost somewhere beyond the harbor, a shiver crawled over Tony’s skin because the way Stefen spoke was heavy with meaning. Tony heard the warning in it like the peeling of bells. War was upon them and where did a soldier go, but to the battlefield?
Stefen often described being in the army as a lot of ‘hurry up and wait’. Being a refugee, as it turned out, was the same. The trick, Tony thought, was finding ways to distract the mind. It was frighteningly easy to lose one’s mind, slogging in circles through the thick mud of bureaucracy, ever aware of life slipping through their fingers. Working with the DELASEM was as much practical as it was necessary.
I was going to say this was a treat for all those recovering after Infinity War, but I'm not sure it will be all that emotionally soothing. Nevertheless we hope you continue to enjoy this story and that you will R&R, even though we're terrible and don't always get to responses right away.
“Bucky?” Stefen prompted, sounding concerned again, and Bucky blinked harder, perturbed by the sudden blurriness of his vision.
“Bucky?” Steve’s face lit up and then shuttered at the sight of him. Stark’s playing flattered as he turned to see what was going on as Steve got up.
The name F. Banks was written on the card along with a date and time and what it took Tony a moment to realize was digits for a radio frequency. Who was F.Banks? Friedrich Banks, maybe? Tony looked up from the card to Stefen in anticipation.
Underneath the sound of blood rushing in his ears Steve heard the creak of a floorboard. It took his addled brain a moment to recognize the sound for what it was. The tread of a foot.  He wasn’t alone in the room.
“Carlo also told me, they received notice the government means to freeze all private bank accounts belonging to Jews.” Grig added to the heaviness in the room with a touch of reluctance. “They won’t touch the funding for the delegation, but now that we are promised to join Hitler’s war, the government needs funds.”
What felt like years later the truck finally slowed and stopped. For Steve, all time had stopped, becoming a blank expanse of darkness and suffocation. Until suddenly the top of the crate was pried open, and a wave of fresh cold air spilled over him – excruciatingly bright sunlight stabbing at his eyes. Steve choked, nudging her out of his way as he sat up, trembling and gasping for air.
“No doubt they’ll be fine puppets. I trust the children’s studies won’t go neglected?” He asked and Tony grimaced.
He wrapped an arm around them, warm little bodies underneath frigid coats and mittens, and had the thought that he’d never let them go again. But James was already tearing away from him. He’d noticed Stefen sitting up in the bed and was scrambling now to get to him. Just like he did with Tony he threw himself at Stefen, who grunted from the force of it but held on tight as they fell backward. Tony winced, hearing the undisguised pain in that grunt, fearing the man would do himself an injury in all the excitement.
The baroness lingered a moment longer at Stefen's side. She didn't touch him but her gaze was a as soft and open as if she might caress him.
“I’m sure I don’t know what you mean” he replied, stiffly, and Ursala chuckled, reaching out to pat his wrist as if he were an adored child.
Bucky frowned, opening one eye, expecting... fuck if he were honest, he was expecting an aunt to be bustling over to the stove, probably smacking him across the back or the head for laying down so rudely on the table. But of course there was no aunt. No Ma.
Though their voices were low, as Tony approached the steps of the terrace where Captain Rogers and Herr Bakhuizen were sat, he still caught the tail end of their conversation and felt the obvious tension between the two men. He’d just climbed the first step when he paused, stilled suddenly by the tense secretive nature of their murmured conversation.
“Worse than what has already happened to them in our hands?” Stefen barked, without lifting his head. Someone less accustomed to his dark moods would have flinched. But Tony just continued to stare at him, measured, as Stefen snapped, “They’ve been chased, interrogated, and near starved to death. It will happen again Tony if we keep running from the inevitable.”
Bad was an understatement. Stefen looked as if he were dying, and the fact that nobody in the room was brave enough to say it only underscored the fact.
"We're glad to have you, Herr Stark.” Stefen finally replied, and then quieter, with a telling thread of uncertainty. “You do plan on staying with us?"
As it was, Tony was anxious to be back in the home of his father’s empire. The prodigal son returning after all these years. There were too many sour memories in Hamburg for him not to feel a certain sense of trepidation as the cab wound through old but familiar streets, taking him away from the heart of the city and toward the mouth of the river Elbe where Starkhafen sprawled like the robe of some great emperor around the Port of Hamburg.
When his fingers began to rub Steve's clammy skin almost absently, a tired smile tugged at Steve's mouth.
“I was looking for a way to reach you.” He explained carefully, as neutral as he could force himself to sound given his days of pent up frustration and anxiety. “There had been no word from you at all. Did you expect that I would just sit there?”
Tony had given the information to the solicitor who’d been able to confirm within days that the shop was still in operation. He’d given Tony the number to his grandfather’s home that very afternoon.
Tony wanted badly to confront Stefen. Especially about what he’d said to Natacha the night they’d discovered her deception over Péter’s leaving. The poor girl had grown even more withdrawn than usual, guilt and her father’s disappointment weighing heavily on her.
He grit his teeth. A few more steps. A few more steps and they’d be past the old man with the sad brown eyes, past the young men in the smart uniforms with their sharp toothy grins. Just a few more steps.
Bucky had always understood why music was hard for Steve. It had gotten them through long nights with empty bellies in the caravan, when they’d thumbed their noses to the gajo and kicked up their heels as if to say ‘I have nothing and still I am more than you’.
Now what the hell was he going to say to them?! Bucky felt something startlingly close to panic build within him until a voice shattered the silence.
“Well then, Patino, help me get the others ready,” Tony requested and Ian nodded, smoothing down his hair.
“She means when Natacha is married darling,” she whispered in his ear, loud enough for the benefit of the others, and there was more giggling as Steve’s expression blanched.
He was just finishing fetching socks from under the bed when a knock at the door startled them both. Tony stiffened when the soft knock came again, thankful that they were both in a proper state of dress. Whoever was at the door could think what they wanted about why they'd chosen to meet so early as far as he was concerned.
“Is Tony coming home today?” the little boy bleated, looking up at her with such a pathetic look on his face it made her chest ache. Charlotte pulled her hand away, her spirits sinking once more. She’d hoped she’d have a chance to unpry the grip Stark had on the children while he was away, at least a little. Stark had not quite been gone a month, but the hole he’d left in the children's lives might as well have been a kilometer long and twice as deep. What she wouldn't give to go a day without having to hear the name of Tony Stark.
Bucky didn’t offer any reply to that and silence descended once more, the hum of the boats engine just slightly louder than the slap of water against its sides as the Avenger sliced through the current.
Tony had stooped to gingerly picked up the book, but the spine just completely split down the center, a few pages drifting out and fluttering to the ground like wounded birds.
Charlotte didn’t know why she was so nervous about seeing Stefen’s children again. Perhaps it was because the nature of their relationship had turned a corner. For better or for worse, now she was their father’s intended wife and in the eyes of all those invested in Captain Rogers affairs, a mother.
In certainly more ways than one. The wetness in Tony’s briefs had turned cold and uncomfortable, and though he doubted Stefen was fairing much better, he knew it was the drop from the overwhelming emotional stimulation responsible for Stefen’s state.
“Billy is a good man Herr Coulson, and there is more to him than meets the eye. He has as much to lose as anyone if he is discovered.” Stefen assured him, but when Coulson didn’t look satisfied, he added with a hesitant pause, “He has kin in Britain, a nephew. They communicate quite often.”
Tony could only blink in surprise at her candidness, wondering why she was speaking to him as if they were old confidants and unable to shake the feeling of danger surrounding the whole conversation.
Bucky began heading for the thick trees surrounding the lake. Artur and James let out whoops for joy, rushing to keep up with him and the others fell in behind. Tony tried to carry Sara, because the snow was almost higher than she was tall, but the little girl insisted that she could do it and appeared to be having the time of her life toddling along in the deep footprints her siblings left.
“Oh, are you our resident spy now?” He choked out, trying and failing to hide the constriction in his throat.
Péter had been late to dinner which had earned him a dressing down from the captain and Péter had shown an unusual (but not wholly surprising) amount of belligerence that had threatened to escalate what was essentially a minor event into something far worse. Bakhuizen had tried to diffuse the tension by recalling that he and the captain had never had a curfew and would have broken it if they had.
Tony soaked it in just the same, grateful for what it was. He doubted he'd see many more sunrises from his prison cell.
Captain Rogers muttered something in that unfamiliar language again but whatever he said it was obvious he wanted Tony to know, the captain’s eyes boring into his.
She’d only managed to avoid it herself because Parodi had secured false papers from Coulson saying she was a sister of his, in exchange for lending his skills to the Coup. But they knew the lie would not hold up. Too many people had known them and eventually someone would come looking. It was only a matter of when. They had weeks at best, and Steve had no doubt that if the Gestapo came back for her Parodi would die trying to stop them, or worse decide to share her fate. Time was running out for all of them.
“Any chance they’ll be back?” Stefen asked Luzzato behind him as Tony and Ester ran out on deck, trying not to slip on the slippery boards, to check the condition of their sails. He kept an ear open for Luzzato’s reply, allowing a small moment of relief when it came in the negative. Apparently, French fighters had chased the enemy aircraft away.
“Open it Tony,” Péter urged, at the same time Stefen laid a hand on his shoulder, warm and encouraging. Tony sighed and complied.
He did raise an eyebrow as Tony knocked back his drink with all the hasty professionalism of a practiced drinker.
“Let it go.” He managed to push the words past his lips. What should have been an order came out a ragged beg.
He'd forgotten himself and the next thing he'd known he was in front of the drawing room door, hand curling around the knob, foolishly hoping and unable to understand his conflicted emotions. The shock of seeing a man at the piano had stopped his breath.
“I do.” Stefen murmured in reply and in his eyes there was a wealth of gratitude and something even sweeter, something magnetic, though Tony didn’t dare go so far as to try and name it. That was folly for a different day.
“Then they learn sleep is for the dead, Lieutenant. Simple as that.” Eyeing Becker up and down, her added, “You're not tired, are you? They could always use a demonstration of a rescue carry.”
Tony was startled into a laugh. Artur, for all his twig like limbs could eat for three. Sure enough,
“You drew all this up from memory?” Stefen asked slowly, astounded. Tony had taken a single look at a file and been able to recall all of
girls. Tony knew it on sight the way anyone knew such things. Their hair was done up, the smell of their perfume thick and cloying in his nose. The hems of their skirts were just a hair too short, their stockings doing more to show off their shapely legs than warm them. More damning still, their cheeks were pinked, and their lips painted.
"Where is he? We have to tell them to stop. It's too risky now. We’ll find a better way. He has to see that. Tell me where he is and-"
That strangled little choking sound still coming from him- Tony had seen animals led to slaughter less frightened.
Steve opened his mouth to reply and for the first time in years he couldn't instantly recall the words he wanted. A spike of panic shot through him as the words jumbling in his mind. Had he forgotten the words? Had he truly forgotten how to speak the language of his mother’s people?
The mad little monk sat at the end of the table with a dazed look as he clutched the coffee pitcher giving off the impression of a mother hawk clutching her eggs.
“Péter!” Tony barked, causing the boy to nearly jump out of his skin. He flushed an embarrassed red as his beastly friends snickered.  Tony did not give a damn at that moment how it made Péter feel, to be ordered about like a child. Remembering that he was a child was the only thing keeping Tony’s rage in check.
There were still police patrolling the streets quite heavily, and the boys in Hitler’s Youth were just as active in the aftermath as they had been in the pogrom.  Now that the Jews were gone they were standing guard over the empty properties to fend off looters. Because of course, the state was concerned that any wealth left behind should be collected to strengthen the Reich.
Bucky laughed, but it fell flat as Steve’s hand tightened on the velvet box, a strangely wounded expression flashing through his eyes before it was replaced by familiar anger. It was an anger Bucky felt every day.
Damn it. Tony cursed under his breath and shook the maudlin thought away. That wasn’t the reason he was holding back. He wasn’t that fragile or that petty. He had every sane reason in the world to bite his tongue, he didn’t need to dip into the pathetic.
"One colleague with political motive is not evidence Agent Neuman. The Führer was clear. Under no under no circumstances are we to apprehend Major Rogers without sufficient evidence." Captain Arnold reminded the intelligence officer, tossing the file the agent had brought with him to the meeting. The intelligence office had been pushing hard for the arrest of Major Rogers in connection to a series of illegal broadcasts that the Abwehr had intercepted but failed to decode yet. Senior Intelligence Leader Herr Striker had sent Agent Neuman to put pressure on the local police to make a formal arrest. But the public’s admiration for the man practically declared Rogers untouchable.
“I wasn't aware you’d been to leopoldstadt recently. James hadn’t mentioned it.” she said, giving him a tight-lipped smile. “It’ll all be reorganized and redone now I suppose.”
Steve took a deep breath and choked on the putrid smell of burning paint and chemicals. The smoke in the air making his eyes sting. He pushed aside the fear in exchange for red hot focus. He was hardly a block away but it was clear he’d have to leave the bike if he was going to make it through this crowd. Steve let it fall and began to elbow his way trough the crowd toward the Music Hall.
A blast of cold wind met Bucky as he left the Starlite tavern and he shivered, hunching his shoulders tight to his body for warmth. He was ready to be done with the cat and mouse game he was playing with Striker and home by the fire instead. He chuckled, thinking darkly to himself that for all that he gave Stefen a hard time, Bucky had gone just as soft in his own way.
The unknown boy shook her shoulders, face in a rictus. Steve grabbed his arm. Shouting for him to stop, the boy froze at the command eyes widening at the sight of him before he snapped his teeth, snarling like a vicious dog and took a swing at Steve.
So bully for Countess Schrader and whatever scrap of heart she’d drug up to pay a visit to her nephew-in-law, soon to be son; but she’d get a rude awakening if she expected there to be any great fan fair made over it. He had bigger things to worry about. Much bigger. Tony positioned the needle above the mottled skin of Stefen’s thigh avoiding the purple and yellow bruises that had made a home there. Tony frowned in concentration, calculating the next best injection site. Stefen twitched underneath his hand and Tony opened his palm smoothing it down Stefen’s thigh, gently rubbing his thumb over the abused flesh.
When Tony looked up at him again there was a new resolve. When he spoke it was in slow low Italian, likely fearful that someone passing by might overhear them.
"I'm sure he found someplace safe to wait things out. He's a clever boy. From good family." Charlotte amended hollowly, and Tony was sure she was thinking the same thing he was. A clever boy alone. With dark hair and dark eyes. A brave boy. A boy who did not stand idly by.
Péter cast Anamarie what he hoped was a suitably besotted smile and his stomach lurched when her mouth curved into a grin and she rested her head against his shoulder, her soft brown hair tickling his neck. He didn’t miss the way the officer's eyes widened at the mention of his father's name and the shocked way his eyes flicked back to Péter's identification with realization. Emboldened Péter arched an eyebrow and asked with a touch of haughtiness.
“It’s too small!” James cried, struggling to maneuver out of the way for Tacha’s larger body, Maria let out a wail of pain as her brother’s knee jabbed into her side.
“Yes, Tony, alright. But leave the sitting room alone. There are plenty of spare bedrooms out of the way so the children won’t be tempted to find trouble.  And I want you to hire someone to renovate it proper so it’s a real workspace. No use risking an accident or burning the house down because your working conditions weren’t right.”
Luzzato and the rabbi continued to discuss. Steve did not speak Hebrew so he could not tell whether that was a good thing or a bad thing. He startled slightly when he felt a warm puff of breath on his ear.
He remembered how she'd taken care of him when he got that fever, making him swallow sour remedies and rubbing his chest with a warm towel as she sang him to sleep.  In gypsy. Because that was what she was and father hadn't told them because he'd not wanted anyone to find out.
Wanda stilled again, her eyes going wide as her mouth fell open before she snapped it shut and asked, "how do you know that?"
"I sent them to use the toilets before we go. I should have known to remind them not to dawdle," the baroness replied with an easy laugh, but he could see the worry she was trying to hide in her eyes.
And it wasn't just the children Stark had drawn in either. Steve could hardly fail to notice the maids simpering after him, or how Willamina always had an extra pot of coffee set aside for “the staff” in the mornings, or how his ever pragmatic housekeeper answered to that ridiculous pet name he'd given her. Pepper of all things.
Tony could see two other officers coming to assist from opposite ends of the station and he clutched the papers that declared him Antony Stark, not a Jew, and tried not to get trampled in the wave of bodies moving away from the window and those quickly moving to replace them.
Damn them all anyway, was the last thought Steve had before his vision went white as his body shook with release.
Winter is here, and with it comes new challenges for the Rogers family as political tensions escalate in Austria and Tony & Steve find their strength tested in new ways.
. Steve leaned down, inhaling shakily, and began to check the wound beneath the crusted bandage on Tony’s forehead. The cut wound all the way up into his hairline, though you could hardly see it now through the bruising that surrounded the area. It was thankfully not a very deep gash and not in need of stitches.  The bruising on Tony’s face made it look worse than it was. He was so purple and blue, as if someone had taken offense to his face and tried to rip it off. Steve’s gut clenched tightly.
He’d fallen asleep to one of Stark’s letters. He remembered waking up in the middle of the night with a start, much like now, and for a horrible moment the sounds of Vienna drifting in from the window had mixed with blasts of bombs and his ears had been full with the sound of screaming.
She’d skinned both her knees falling down, racing Péter and Harry. She’d be kissed and coddled and carried to her mother, and in the safety of sure loving arms she’d be certain that the pain she felt was only momentary.
“It wasn’t meant to be. I’m tired of listening to him scream every morning,” she returned before turning sharply on her heel and all but stomping away. It was quiet then, but for the sounds of the choked sobs coming from the eight-year-old curled into a ball on the floor.
“You’re right, Ian. Your Baka taught me that, and her courage always gave me courage. I realize… that it was easy before to stand up to the bullies, or the fear of death, because I wasn’t really afraid of any of those things. Not really.” Steve swallowed past the tightness in his throat. “But I was afraid of losing your Baka, and I behaved badly because of it. And I’m sorry.”
Tony felt another swell of fondness tangled with the ache of longing and reached out to place a companionable hand upon the boy’s back.
