"Same here. I just...I guess I didn't really believe it," Sherlock said as they walked through the lobby. "I didn't really know any different."
Again, I don't mean to do this any disservice and if you want to see someone who lives with FND, I recommend ThisTrippyHippy on YouTube. She is a wonderful person and is someone who is living with the disorder.
"Him and Grandad are bookclub acquaintances or something so grandad gave it to me to read first," Atlas said before frowning. "I miss them. Grandad and Grandma and Eurus and Mou and Xerxes and May."
"Hey, hey Atlas. Look at me. Just breathe. Just breathe." A familiar voice said as she felt cold hands place either side of her face. "I think you just had a seizure." The voice was kind, the voice was-
"Your name is actually William?" Atlas asked in disbelief, laughing as she thought about calling Sherlock, William instead. "Sherlock's a girl's name anyway."
"Got it!" Atlas exclaimed as they began to cross the road, the people around them looking at them. Confused.
"I don't know." Atlas said quietly. "It's as if someone is about to commit suicide or about to die and they are transported back in time to when they lost a loved one and is talking about what it was like." Atlas sighed. "At least, that's where my head was when I wrote it." She looked over to John and smiled before putting down her phone and lurching towards John. She squeezed her arms around his shoulders and he smiled before burying his head in her shoulder.
"Oh Atlas." Mrs Hudson sighed, reaching out a hand to touch Atlas' forehead. Stroking at the hair, Mrs Hudson gave a watery smile and kissed her other hand. "I would have come sooner but I was with my sister and then Sherlock, bloody Sherlock, didn't tell me. And then I heard you went into cardiac arrest and I knew I had to come." There was a pause. "I would have come anyway."
SHERLOCK, Atlas and John all approached the site where the person had been murdered. Atlas couldn't tell if the bubbling she felt in her stomach was caused by excitement at seeing a dead one for the first time. Or because she was excited to be working on a case.
"Hello Eurus. Is everything alright?" John asked as Sherlock grumbled about something from where his head was still resting on his husband's lap, finger pushing the TV remote mute button.
"It'll resemble being cut," Sammy said after a moment. "That triggers her sometimes. Paper cuts. She doesn't say why, but she got one in school once and I had to take her into the toilets and we sat there for the rest of the day, the door locked. I didn't know that like, that's what her triggers did. I always thought triggers start flashbacks but it can be sheer panic too. I'd never realised. And knocking, she's not great with knocking or watches. That's why she fiddled with your watch, pa. It stopped working and she freaked out so she set it up to look like it had happened by accident. Me and dad have silent ticks. Yours were too loud. She didn't mean to break your watch."
"Hello. What's your name?" Rosie said, registering her voice in a lower octave and picking up a soldier with her right hand. Then, with her left, she picked up another soldier and began creating a conversation that ultimately - as always - resulted in both soldiers having to be dipped in the lake before being eaten by the big hungry monster which was Rosie. Atlas watched fondly before she jumped off the counter, put her bowl in the sink and reopened her laptop at the breakfast bar.
"But I wasn't. I wasn't was I?" Atlas said turning around to look at him. "I needed something to take my mind off everything that was going on in that moment. Sherlock. I was no longer your kid. And I can't blame you but I wasn't your kid. You didn't know who I was. You didn't understand."
The seizure then stopped, back arching finished and headache starting, she lay unconcious a moment more.
"Just breathe," John whispered. "Your alright." His eyes tracked Sammy who collected Rosie from Sherlock and took her over to the dog who was lying on his dog bed in the corner of the room. Sherlock then made a move towards Atlas but she only shrunk even more into John - if that was even possible.
ATLAS felt remarkably lucky when she woke up. There, by her bedside, she saw her dads and Sammy and Rosie and she was attempting to smile. She was very much fixed in her bed, unable to move and her side was painful.
and...uh...social..." He waved his arms and hands around in the air. "Situations." He stopped. "Your getting mad, aren't you?" Sherlock finally looked up and saw that the older man had tears in his eyes. "No, what did I do? Sorry, you - you," Sherlock pulled the ring off his finger. "Can have it back? John, I don't..." But when John's hand touched his cheek, Sherlock stopped speaking and looked at John. "I'm sorry."
"Good, I'm glad," Sherlock smiled as they continued to stroke the dog who then asked for a belly rub. "Redbeard." He smiled as he tickled his belly and looked at his daughter. "Your about to get given a very special job when we get home of looking after Atlas. Do you think you can do that for us?"
After a brief period of time Atlas appeared, Sherlock and Rosie having gone off to the shop to buy John another newspaper incase he was awake. None of them knew if he would be, but everyday they would live in hope. Today was therefore a good day.
"Are you alright though?" John asked as he lay himself down too, Rosie clambering over to lie in the crook of Sherlocks arms.
"I'd put Jem down first." Sherlock warned, looking at the cat. "She was up in our flat an hour back and I think Redbeard scared her by wanting to play."
"I enjoy her company," Mycroft said coming to stand beside his younger sibling. "What have they had to do?"
"No, you can't do that to Atlas." Sammy said. "Infact, you can't do that to anyone, but you really shouldn't do it to Atlas. Do it to me." He walked a few steps forward before seeing Atlas' eyes, wide and speaking volumes.
Atlas shut off her phone and opened the cupboard to find the Weetabix, a few moments later. Atlas had another message from Sammy.
"Daddy!" Rosie shrieked as soon as she saw them. "Daddy!" She screeched to a stop next to Sherlock's legs. "Jeff's got a hole in him, daddy!"
"Struggle more and I'll charge you." She threatened, Atlas being fussed at by both Greg and Sammy. Tissues on supply, as the woman who was the mother was bundled into the back of the police car.
"I said that to my dad before his spectacular car accident." Sammy said regretfully. "Too late to take it back."
Dr Aduba spoke. "Rosie and your dads are grabbing some lunch, they won't be long. Now I need you to stay calm for me and listen to what Amy here, has to say. Push the anxieties away and the panic, because it's good news."
"I need you to breathe for me, Atlas," Sherlock said, sitting opposite her but she couldn't hear a word he was was saying and before long she was oblivious to anything and both her parents, sat there in the other side of PTSD in utter pain. John was starting to break a little bit and Sherlock was already pleading with her despite her being unresponsive.
She couldn't think of one for U but supposed there could be a Uist. Or a Uigg. However, she found herself halting, pausing when there was a gentle hand on her shoulder.
"We'll leave you in peace and if your no better in the morning, we'll ring the doctors," Wanda said before they disappeared.
Then, she looked at John and reached out a hand to touch his face. In doing so she felt the lines of Afghanistans sun and the lines of pain, hurt and anger. She felt him smile under her fingers as they ran over the bristles of his beard before she dropped her hand to his wrist. Slipping her fingers round she pulled it from below his chin and took his hand in her own. Then, did the same to Sherlock so that her left was in John's and her right was in Sherlock's.
"I mean, I was going to take some feminax but-" Atlas said quietly before her eyes glazed over and she sat still. A pause and she was back, blinking at him. "What was I saying?"
"Peter? Are you alright? Are you OK?" Sherlock asked before he pulled him to standing. "Torches, we need torches!"
"Sherlock?" Rosie asked sweetly as she approached the man. He looked at her expectantly as she approached him. "I need to tie this around your eyes."
"I do," Sherlock said gently. "Pain." He gave a gentle smile before he went into the bathroom, John following.
"Well," John smiled. "Getting better. It's learning how to deal with it all that I think she's finding difficult."
"No." Sherlock squeaked. "I loved you then. Always have. Since Barts." There was a light chuckle before it died.
"They aren't real. Okay, listen to my voice. I am real. I am papa and I'm going to look after you. It's my job and I promise, I'm going to keep you safe. Block them out, they're not real." John said rubbing her back, before pushing a wrist under the blanket and exposing it's underside. He felt her fingers clasp around his wrist tightly, before loosening. The young hands were small, gentle, kind and shaking as they rubbed against the skin.
SMOOTH air brushed past John's face as he sat on a picnic bench with a takeaway from Books & Beans with his sister and mother. He was helping them house search or rather flat search. Unfortunately, he realised too late that Atlas' help on the matter would make it go faster and he had already promised that she could attend a society meeting tonight. Chuckling under his breath he remembered back to when she asked if she could attend it.
That evening, they waltzed to Atlas' solo violin as moonlight streamed through the sky lights onto the landing. The side light cast a warm glow across the sitting area where Rosie sat with some colouring pencils and doodled on a drawing. Both men took their turns in each part, to lead as they waltzed through their new home with their new family and their new love.
"She used to get hit, Sherlock. For anything, everything. Speaking, deducing." Mycroft said to his younger brother, who looked very sad.
"I'll come home." Sammy smiled. "I'll come home." He sighed. "I've got to go." Sammy rubbed his nose into John's shoulder and smiled. "I love you."
"Uh, it's not stupid." John remarked before looking at her. "It's not stupid." Placing a warm hand to her shoulder she nodded before continuing.
"Okay." Atlas said warily, baring in mind she knew who this woman was. She'd been putting up with her as a way of hopefully finally catching her and locking her up for good. But so far her meticulous plan was folding in on itself. Mrs Pertwee was winning and putting Atlas into a cage and keeping her there, trapping her inside.
Meanwhile downstairs Sherlock was standing outside the door of 221B as he noticed something peculiar. Gashes, scratches for help edging their way up the side of the wall up the stairs. Sherlock shared a look with his brother before edging his way up the stairs carefully. Despite completing his best deduction he couldn't seem to quite get the answer.
"I think I'm all good." Atlas said quietly, before Sherlock flushed it and looked at her. She wiped her mouth on some toilet roll and got it in the bin first time around.
As soon as Atlas heard them coming her breath started to catch in her throat as more people could die because of her. She was too irresponsible, a silly little girl. She should never have gone out alone at night. She shouldn't have been so stupid to not realise all the telling signs that she was being followed. However, she couldn't tell anyone what happened, she had no recollection. And that scared her. She felt distant as if she was watching herself through a screen, she couldn't even think. She didn't have a clue about how to save herself.
"Yeah?" She asked as he started to walk away from her again and she jogged to catch him up. He was stood infront of the yellow's, analysing critically.
"No, Sherlock, I think it suits you," John smiled as he walked towards him, hands on his waist. "It makes you look lovely." And then, he whispered into the kiss. "Hot."
"Okay. We've been reccomended in recent weeks, as this is a developing condition, we have been reccomended to test siblings." Dr Young smiled. "Now, I would like to outline your treatment plan."
doesn't really matter to me because I have two dads, a cat, two siblings and a dog." She was smiling now. "And stop looking like your going to regret having pizza papa, your not fat. Your nice and your comfortable and I like you just as you are."
"Now, Sherlock Watson-Holmes," John smiled. "You need one too, and don't lie, I know you do." John added as Sherlock's mouth open and closed. "And while we are, you two could do well to go look at a rucksack for Atlas, women's fit, 40L, Rosie won't need one because you two will carry for her if she's with us and then if you make a decision, can you go look for walking boots for all three of you. Me and your dad already have pairs and rucksacks."
"An incident with a teacher. We are not sure what yet, but something has happened and we are waiting for our key eye witnesses."
"Your hands are still shaking, Atlas," Sherlock said before sitting her on the sofa and wrapping her shoulders in the blanket. She frowned at him as he pulled up a pouffe to sit opposite her. "I love you, duck."
John gave a little grunt, smiling before looking over to Sherlock again who was sat on a piece of rope, Rosie a few more above. A few minutes later and Sherlock came over, deciding that himself and John would go and get some strawberries from the stall that was on the other side of the park.
"Yes. That's what I said." Rosie said in a tone so like her dad's. She sucked her bottom lip with her top row of teeth and looked at him expectantly.
Atlas looked at them in surprise that they had told all of them and then she averted her eyes to John's parents. They weren't going to like this. Immediately their posture's tensed, his father requesting John to join him by the window.
Rosie however, got to her feet and whispered in Sammy's ear. "How do you say whale?" Rosie asked in his ear, her hands cupped over it. Sammy showed her, before the little girl did it to Xerxes which she then received a round of applause, or rather hands shaking in the air. She bowed before plopping down in Sammy's lap, munching on a home made cookie.
"Have fun." Mycroft drawled as Eurus shot him a look that told him to shut the hell up. Mycroft sighed and rubbed his forehead before looking up to see his brother sat with his head on the armchair arm. It looked as if he was giving puppy dog eyes to John who sighed and put down his book and looked at Sherlock.
Atlas, Molly and Greg began to work away in the downstairs bathroom, whilst Sally and Sherlock began work upstairs in Rosie's room. The day was going to be a long one as they all decided to get the first coat done in as many rooms as possible.
"May we see this dog?" Atlas asked after Mycroft, herself and Mrs Hudson had been sat by the warmth of the fire a while.
It allowed for John's hand to rub Atlas' back whilst he looked over his shoulder at his husband and son.
"I went to the house," Sammy said after some time had passed. "Looked at the stuff. Don't think I want any of it."
"Thank you. Now, we've got a job to do. So drink your coffee." Molly said, the normal softness being replaced with something akin to an army officer. Stand in line and do your duty.
"A HEART attack?" Sherlock said exasperatedly as he paced the room. "She's bloody sixteen. How the hell?"
He felt his body move, break things, slam into things. Felt his back hit a hard wall and his bottom make contact with the floor. He felt himself rock, his eyes closed shut and he could feel his breath on his mouth. The hairs on his nose were annoying him and he clawed and clawed and he could feel everything. Too close. Too much information. He couldn't process all of it. It was too much to handle. Too much to cope with.
"Yeah, we finished up early and she was tired." Sherlock said as Rosie babbled on about all the wonderful things she had done at the park that afternoon. Listening intently, John began making themselves some cups of tea.
"Well," Sammy smiled before he ate some more. "In conclusion, Mrs H, I'm very content and very good. Thank you. How have you been?"
"She was one of the best." Hale said as the group of five began to make their way over to Sammy and May's cars. Sammy and Atlas hopped in his with Hale, whilst May and Xerxes drove in May's car. They arrived at the spot a few moments later before walking through the trees to
Atlas scoffed before she smirked and leaned against him. "Company." She paused. "My transport isn't working right."
"Please," Sherlock said, his facade crumbling, his voice breaking harshly. He broke as soon as his forehead hit John's collar bone and John stayed still.
"Your getting worse!" Atlas screamed at him. "After you killed her! Sometimes I wish you would have let her get a good shot! Then you wouldn't be so insufferable!"
"If it's any justification Mr Holmes." The man from behind the desk said. "I believe you are, for you just handed me a photo of a very cute child with blonde hair and not your driver's license."
"She's the closest thing I've got to a mother. Aside your own, who is my mother-in-law but in my years of knowing her has become very important in my life." John smiled, Sherlock giving a little smile.
In conclusion, in this story, Atlas can already attend university and because she already has some A-Level level qualifications she is allowed onto the courses at the college - as it would have been perfectly fine in Scotland. Also common.
And suddenly Doctor Watson snapped into play and he came around, seizing a tissue on his way over. He folded it and placed it under her mouth to catch the saliva that was falling from her mouth. "Okay, okay. It'll be okay." He whispered, despite knowing that Atlas couldn't hear him. The convulsions continued as Rosie let out a scared cry behind them.
In Atlas' room, Sherlock collected his daughter a comfortable pair of trousers, a long sleeved t-shirt, underwear and a cardigan and placed them neatly outside the bathroom door. The shower had turned off and so, he knocked lightly. "There's some clothes outside the door for you."
"Time? Why does she need time?" Sherlock asked. Ah yes. That was another thing. Sherlock may have regained his memory from the past three months. But he couldn't remember anything from his time in hospital. John answered with a pointed look.
"Me!?" Rosie squealed as Atlas nodded. Sherlock could be heard laughing as they continued along the road.
"Do you remember how she said she used to end up in bad places?" Sherlock asked kindly, looking at the girl who nodded. "Some of them may ave done something to her in a situation like this. That's all."
And the world kept moving around the family, despite all four of them plus Sammy, wanting the world to just
"Atlas." The girl said producing her hand yet again and shaking hands with both the man and woman. They both shared a look that was somewhat disapproving and Atlas' hands became clammy. She left the room again this time heading to get her something from her room. John was now in a shared room with Rosie and Sherlock had his own room so Atlas had taken the spare room. However Mrs Hudson had recently said that for only £20 more a week she would let them rent a room from her flat. It seemed most likely that Atlas would take that room when it came to it.
The second room they went into was big, the master bedroom, which had an en-suite. The walls were painted white and the carpet was a cream colour. This en-suite was similar to the other one and then Atlas could picture the room.
"I'm glad, duck," Sherlock smiled looking over at her. "We're going to go for a little walk, just you and me and the dog and we're going to go for lunch."
"It never got published, I mean I only tried once." Timothy said, laughing slightly. "But I thought you may like to read it."
"Why were you shaking?" Rosie sobbed with teary blue eyes at Atlas. Everyone else came to sit somewhere in the room, Redbears curling gaily by the fire.
"Lean against John here," He smiled, Atlas putting her back against his chest, instantly warmed by him.
"Rosie." Sherlock said to the little girl who was trying to strain her eyes away from the projection. "Rosie look at me." She looked at him with innocent blue eyes. "Keep looking at me." There was a wail from the projection speaker and Sherlock jist held Rosie to his chest in desperation to protect her from the noise. "Alright." He whispered before finally the projection shut down.
"You...You know I can't promise anything." Sherlock said looking at her seriously. Rosie nodded numbly before hugging back.
"Can - Can we do the Pachebells Canon duet?" Atlas asked looking at Sherlock. He was conflicted, go see Rosie on her birthday or stay because something was going on with Atlas and he wanted to know what. He shouldn't have taught her to hide emotion so well - not that he would be able to read it.
"I'm not shouting, I'm whisper shouting." Atlas replied in return. "I'm going to see Mycroft." She leaned forward and but her mouth next to Mrs Hudson's ear before whispering. "Im going to see the dog. Do you want to come with me?"
"I don't remember much of what happened before and after my seizure yesterday," Atlas said quietly. "I have about one image of the lights, but nothing else. I don't even know what I did the rest of the morning. I think I sat...and thought, but I don't know. I'm not sad, I'm just frustrated dad," Atlas said with a gentle smile before looking happier. "But, my medication is largely working which is a plus, the next step is just finding me the next step up of medication 'cause this one isn't doing enough."
"Yeah," Sherlock nodded before he pulled John's arm away from holding the book and held it to his chest, the older man's hand encapsulated within his. "I'm in love with you, John."
"And it works. You know, if we change the order of the chords underneath, the pattern can stay the same with different notes." Sammy said, lighting up as he played out the riff in the different pattern.
"Oh, congratulations Mol." Greg said getting up from his chair and hugging Molly tight. For a long time now, he had considered her as a sister, and she had considered him a brother. They were close and spent several hours of their time with each other on weekends. And Molly knew everything that was going on with his wife and most of what happened in his personal life.
"One round of lorazepam, diazepam doesn't work for Atlas' seizures, seizure continued another three minutes afterwards," John frowned. "I think some tests need running. Atlas suffers from FND, functional neurological disorder."
"That sounds like something out of Doctor Who." John smiled as he pulled into a child car parking spot. Helping Rosie out Atlas got a trolley as they entered the shop, and she began pushing it around. Rosie walked along near them, her little feet refusing to step on the joins in the cream coloured tiles.
"What about-" Atlas began again before stopping herself and putting her forehead on the table. If the ground could swallow her she wished it would. Right now. Right here. Her throat clogged but no tears came as she didn't look up from the interesting wood grain table. All she felt was a prescence at first, as Sherlock drew a chair out next to her and she heard the crinkle of newspaper. Her hands were clasped over the back of her head as she let out a shaky unwilling breath. A hand rubbed her back before coming to rest on her shoulder and pull her in slowly closer.
"We're in peak meteor shower time." Sherlock added as he looked up to see one as well and soon enough everyone had spotted at least one shooting star whizzing across the galaxy of the milky way.
"And I can't either," John said with a smile. "I will never, ever, do that to you Sherlock. And I won't hit you, okay? That's not who I am."
Rifling through her bags she found what she was looking for and instantly it soothed her. She held it in her hand momentarily before she heard her name being mentioned and decided to earwigg on the conversation.
ROSIE woke up with a start, before looking around confused. Why was she up so early? She glanced at the clock which was analog and tried to read it - she did so effortlessly and realised it was around five am.
Xerxes made eye contact with George, a boy opposite side of the room, nodded once before throwing. The other boy catching with ease. Some of them had said something that was really a misconception over the human body and it was now that George continued to do the same.
"He's lost his memory Mycroft." Atlas said as she rubbed a hand over her face. Mycroft looked at her more curiously. "He doesn't remember me arriving in October."
"You already are." Sherlock reassured. "In here." He said resting the tip of his index finger on her forehead. "And in here." He said pointing to her chest. "Although not quite as cold and a lot more Watson."
"No-one, I can just hear it in their unushered words," Atlas said with a frown. "I wish I was with you."
"Atlas, wake up." John said holding her shoulders and shaking lightly. "Your dreaming, sweetheart. It's only a dream." And that's when she shot up, unbelievably fast and crashed into John who looked taken aback.
"I know, I know it hurts," Sherlock said quietly, holding her still, the dog lying on her feet. She pulled away and looked at him. "Are you back now?"
"I'll text papa so he knows where we're at." Atlas smiled before beckoning Sammy into the house while she picked up a few things that she thought they might need. Some water bottles and made sure they all had waterproofs before they made their way out to Sammy's car. With a small car boot Atlas clipped Redbeard into a harness and got his car seat attachment before beckoning for him to jump onto a backseat. Plugging him in her sat and licked the window before Sammy laughed as he placed Rosie's car seat in and sorted it out. He helped her in, clicked her seat belt in and handed over Jeff, who she took eagerly.
"What? Did you not listen to a word I said?" Mrs Pertwee insisted. Atlas looked up at her with big blue eyes. She looked at Sammy once Mrs Pertwee's back was turned. Sammy was the only one to know about them. Atlas mouthed seizure. Sammy sighed.
"Hmmm..." Sherlock hummed before pulling himself off of John and getting to his feet and pulling John up. "Do I look alright?"
"Don't be sorry, mum," John smiled. "It's alright." Just as Rosie crawled into her lap and kissed Jo's cheek. "Good girl." John comforted before looking back at Atlas. Sherlock was rocking again. "Sherlock." He reached out a hand. "It's alright."
"John, I didn't me-" Sherlock began but he was cut off by an anger rising John. The younger man had little fight in him to retaliate.
"Its fine, and I'll ask Mrs Hudson up aswell." John smiled, before he stood up. "I suppose I best go and see what we have in to cook." He kissed Atlas' forehead before exchanging one with his partner who smiled. Wanda following him out, stopping him in the hallway.
"Good," Sherlock smiled before Sammy walked to the dresser with a frown. "Most your stuff is with us already."
"Oooh how fun!" The voice squealed suddenly, everyone looking to the ceilings. Sherlock put Rosie down as she went off to one side, trying to look through to Mycroft and Eurus. Before anyone knew what was happening Rosie was separated from Sherlock and Eurus seperated from Mycroft. "Felt like changing it up a little." The voice spoke again, somewhat excitedly. Rosie ran to Mycroft who lifted her up and held her close. Sherlock went to the glass and looked at Mycroft who nodded. Eurus stood on the centre, confused on what had just happened. Everyone was.
"Is it because they're gay?" Leanne asked quickly. "And that means they'll understand every issue you go through? All the pain? Is that why you want to live with them? Because they'll understand you?"
"How much further till food?" Rosie asked, just as Atlas and Sam ran to the outside of the pancake shop.
"Yeah me too." Sherlock sighed before he looked at her. "Go get changed and meet me back here in ten minutes."
"Don't worry too much about writing them down. I know you won't forget about them." Mycroft said before Atlas looked over the bookcase next to Sammy.
"I must admit, I really like your dress," Lucy smiled at Atlas, Sammy signing. The dress was, infact, one she had made with Wanda and it was blue with flowers and a Peter Pan collar.
"We're nearly there." Sherlock said quietly from beside her and she looked at her watch, before calculating the miles that it must be from the last one. Actually, the location of this one was pretty good. Not far from Molly's, a tube journey from Mrs Hudson's property in central London, near enough to Bart's, close enough to New Scotland Yard but in particular, it was quieter than 221B Baker Street. It felt more like a home.
"Jeff makes me happy when I'm sad," Rosie smiled before Atlas handed him back and looked at her dad in the rear view mirror. His hand reached back and rubbed her knee gently. She grasped his hand momentarily, before letting go as he placed it back on the steering wheel.
"John Senior." John sighed as he sank into one of the breakfast bar stools and rested his temple on his fist.
"If I stay here and your dad and papa help you up." Doctor Aduba smiled before Sherlock hooked an arm under her armpit, John mirroring the position on the other side.
"Atlas, are you awake?" John asked before he walked to her when she nodded as her chest gave way to a huge sob. "Sweetheart."
"Did one before he left and I even chased Sally for one," Wanda said with a smile. "I can't believe we hadn't already thought to do this. I know he has a weighted blanket but to give him something like this. To let him know he's loved by so many people."
"Ah yes," Lucy smiled. "Xerxes had mentioned something about Atlas having a younger sister, can I sit?"
UPON arriving at 221B, Atlas was undoubtedly suspicious. Mycroft followed her up the stairs, knowing that she was analysing every detail as they stepped up. Her hand lingered momentarily opposite the door knob before she twisted it and entered the room. In front of her John and Sherlock were smiling goofily as they stood with their hand's behind their backs, constable style.
"Alright?" John asked as Sherlock shook his head and looked back up at John with those eyes and they were all the older man needed. "Oh Sherlock."
"No," Atlas replied quickly. "I don't like anyone. I don't even know if I were to like them, who they'd be. I think I'm bisexual but I don't know if I am. And I know that I've never liked anyone like that. My dad's the same. He's gay and has only ever loved someone who he made a strong emotional bond with and he's sitting right next to me."
"Matt Haig?" Mycroft asked, sounding surprised. "But this isn't supposed to be released for a while yet."
"You can tell John your staying over at mine or something." Hale offered before she looked around them. "It'll be nice, non-alcoholic."
"Watson-Holmes." John quickly supplied. "We're just waiting for confirmation." There was a brief pause. "Why'd you ask?"
ATLAS went home two days later, thank god, and to everyone's delight, she was in a good bill of health. And, a week after that, found all five of them standing in a Craghoppers looking a mix of bemused and amused.
"Are you alright, love?" John asked as Atlas nodded sitting up. "Just starting to wonder if you'd died."
The trolley began to fill with an array of nice food that was essential to the recipes that John and Atlas liked to cook. There were prawns, bean shoots, mint and fresh chillis. Soy sauce, tomato sauce, kale, spinach, lentils. John was right, they did need rather a lot of shopping. They picked up the sprinkles and the right ingredients for the cupcakes amongst a whole load of other things. Chargers and cleaning chemicals for the experiments that Atlas said she had to do.
"I'm sorry." Atlas said after she put the basin to one side which was quickly picked up by the nurse. She then collected her blanket around her and tucked herself in on herself.
"Alright, alright I'm just coming." John said, weaving through his family members to look over the banister to the kitchen area below. What his eyes were showing him was not what he expected to see. "Christ, is she?" Was all he said before he darted down the stairs off the landing and went into the open living area. Sherlock had already pulled the blanket off the sofa and made a makeshift pillow for her head and was now in the process of waiting. The hardest part.
Loved rock music judging by the collection of records on the shelf and how she hoovers the front entrance daily due to constant traffic.
"Have a look in there." Sherlock said, pointing to the door for the downstairs bathroom as he took off his coat and hung it up - John shouldering his off into Sherlock's hands as he hung up the jacket.
"I love you too, love." John smiled as he ran a hand over his beard and wiped at his eyes. "I'm just worried about you and your dad and Rosie and Sammy, hell, I'm even worried about my mum and sister."
"Yeah." Atlas replied looking at Mycroft who looked unimpressed by her decision to pinch the phone off of him.
"No, we're always really careful..." Sherlock informed. Come to think of it, her symptoms did pertain to a potential poisoning.
"Ah. Hello." Sherlock said seating himself opposite the girl in a little booth. She glanced at him momentarily over the edge of the book, she would finish the paragraph before she put it down. John soon joined them handing Sherlock what appeared to be a cup of black tea.
I know my writing is more shit than my plot lines but my main reason for even putting this book up is so I can retrieve all my work in the future.
"I love you." Sherlock replied before he straightened up and opened the gate for John to step through. The older man looked up at the old building which was - John realised - a new build aswell.
"John?" Sherlock asked into the phone, concern lacing his voice as he stood in what was soon to be their bedroom.
"Rosie needs bed, let me put her to bed and then we can watch it," Sherlock said picking up Rosie who was already falling asleep. "Say goodnight Ro."
"Only that Sherlock and Atlas need our help and that it's a big surprise for Rosie and John." Molly smiled, a pause for a comfortable silence. "Oh and that we're picking Sally Donovan up. Apparently, herself and Sherlock have been getting along recently. Which is, in all honesty, hard to imagine. I can't even imagine them having a civil conversation, let alone Sherlock letting her into his house."
"Yes." The tall man replied, his eyes trained on the teabag. He sounded so small, like he wanted to curl up into a ball and stay there.
"She'll probably grow out of them fast, but the house came with the painted walls so I thought we might as well utilize them." Sherlock smiled as Atlas looked around the sizable room and out the window.
"Botswana. India. Democratic Republic of Congo. Egypt. Portugal." She whispered before stopping and looking at Sherlock. He smiled at her before he looked at some more of the photos, this time more closely, before realising upon something. He saw the knife recurring through each picture before glancing at Rosie who was prodding various countries on the printed map.
"Do you - don't feel like you have to - do you want me or John to be there?" Sherlock asked as Sammy pulled away, looked at him and nodded.
"I have to go finish changing her bedding," Sherlock muttered before John put an arm on his bicep, holding him in place.
"Are you alright?" John asked, as Sammy nodded before standing to his full height - which was just a little shorter than Sherlock. "Come here." John opened his arms and offered Sammy a hug, and he took it. He rubbed his back as Sammy sniffed into his shoulder.
"We may have a change of plans." Atlas said firmly, looking at her friend. His green eyes shining as she looked at him fondly. She pulled on her red jacket as she collected the yellow tote bag she had brought with her full of sheet music. It was the perfect size to house these items as well as a few other items. "My uncle just informed me that the library is closed." Sammy let out a groan. "But he said we can use his."
"Sherlock. I know, I know. Slow down." John said kneeling infront of his husband who's hands were cradling his head
"Those strings aren't going to sort themselves," Atlas said patting the table and getting up, Sherlock following her and the dog following.
"Your very pretty." Atlas remarked, looking at her softly. Tight black curls complemented her skin tone, with beautiful dark eyes.
"Gender neutral actually. " Sherlock laughed slightly before his composure seemed to falter and for a moment Sherlock was the most vulnerable John had ever seen him. "I really failed her."
"No really. Think I might purchase one." Atlas smirked from the floor as she steadily regained her footing, two men wrestling her into a chair that had been placed behind her. She went willingly, already knowing how best to play Mr Peterson's game. But best of all, the girl knew how to win.
"William Sherlock Scott Holmes. I expected you to ring me." The lady hollered, whacking the man on the back in annoyance. Then her face softened, her tense posture relaxed and she approached Atlas.
Together, they collected the dog lead and walked over to him. Excitedly, the dog sat up, his eyes going wide, ears back.
Sherlock took a seat next to Rosie and opened the paper and began reading. He often didn't find the paper useful, just amusing. Especially when someone thinks that they have solved a case but in reality they haven't and he'll probably get called to the scene. There were endless reports of births, deaths, cars and sports - none of which Sherlock found interesting. He sighed flicking through the rest of the pages before handing John the paper. He too couldn't find anything of interest and so the broadsheet was quickly disregarded and placed to one side.
"Mr Holmes! She assaulted a teacher!" Mrs Frobisher exclaimed, Sherlock going wide eyed in sync with John as they reeled.
"Yes...no, no I don't." Atlas said flustered and they stopped the wheelchair. "I don't know...I'm not..."
"I'm sorry, I can't help you. There is no way to-" Atlas started but she quickly shut up when Kirsty threw Sherlock against the kitchen cabinet, knocking him out.
ATLAS found herself in a bus shelter at four am. Dimly lit the world around her slowed down, only an occasional car passing to remind her where she was. Her purse hung heavy in her pocket as she thought about walking to Uncle Mycroft's but he would be asleep by now. There was Molly, but her and her partner were probably planning a date night. Then again there was also Lestrade but Atlas had never thought to ask where he lived. So she stayed, in the bus shelter for a further ten minutes.
"My coat," Atlas said pointing to where it hung on the chair, a long similar style to Sherlocks. The yellow matched Rosie's waterproof and was patterned with blue and white stripe on the inside. "And...the flowers."
"Everything happened though right?" And then she looked over to the bodies. "Fuck...it did." And then she began to shake and her breathing became erratic.
"Is the dog from me aswell?" Rosie asked before her large blue eyes stared up Atlas' own. Atlas nodded in reply before furrowing her brows in response. She wondered how Rosie had figured out before dropping the thought, she was always knowing of things.
"Out of the picture since I was a child. Although, my love for music only got stronger when my dad...yeah." Sammy said looking toward the sky.
Eventually, he did the last thing of hope he had in him and opened the eyelids of her. Wanting to see her eyes just once more before reeling. Brown. They were brown. Atlas wasn't brown eyed.
pulling out her IV's and just about every other medication we were pumping into her system. From there she made her way into the hallway, where when they tried to stop her she ducked and dived before stopping and going into cardiac arrest. Then we followed procedure."
"Can...I mean...would...you don't have to..." Atlas looked to Mycroft. "I don't...I don't suppose you would both read to me? Don't feel like-"
"You know your one of her favourite people right?" John said looking up at Mycroft with a gentle smile.
"She was a mess. I'm not going to explain it now. But it wasn't good." Sherlock sighed before helping Rosie put confetti eyes on a rainbow frosted muffin.
"Ugghh." Atlas said frustratedly before wriggling a little till her forehead was touching Sherlock's chin and lips. "Dad?"
Sherlock pulled away and they shared a smile before John suggested they reenter the room. They did so each, party taking a seat by the bed.
Quickly, Atlas fed Redbeard whilst Rosie put her jacket and wellies on, collecting the dog lead incase they would need it. Atlas put a pair of trainers on and a warm jacket too and they headed out. Yes, it was early - Atlas had been sure to leave a note for the adults so they wouldn't freak - but it would prevent Rosie from waking her parents up. She had her phone in her pocket to take photos as she and Rosie began their walk.
"Don't be cheeky." Mrs Pertwee scolded, Atlas sitting back in her chair. "Not many people wear the name Holmes."
"You guys are good together. You have another daughter I haven't met too haven't you?" Harry asked looking at Sherlock critically.
"That's what I thought," Atlas smiled. "We should really have done one for papa too but I don't think a blanket is quite right for him. Me and Sam were thinking of writing him a song and getting everyone to sing a bit of it."
"I don't know. But we'll figure it out okay?" John said. "I'm here for you, I'll always be here for you...Okay?"
"It's your fault John." Sherlock laughed into his shoulder John smiling back before they pulled away and went to Atlas' room.
"Me and Ro can go get them. Go up and speak to my pa." Atlas smiled before calling Rosie and making her way to retrieve his trumpet, saxophone and guitar. Rosie took the trumpet and opened the doors and Atlas followed and they placed them in the music landing.
"I'm glad you like it," Sherlock smiled before Rosie's hand was leading him to show him the curry that she had
"At?" A little voice came from behind her, Atlas looking back. A tired Rosie was stood in the doorway, Jeff in hand.
"Yes, we are rather," John smiled. "Atlas is particularly attached to Sherlock's brother Mycroft and spends a lot of time at his. But we all see them regularly and spend time with them."
"Okay, I've got you, I've got you," John said as the seizure continued. Just as he was beginning to feel hopeless Sammy appeared and handed him an injection of lorazepam to stop the seizure. Injected into her bottom through her tights, they waited. "Okay, I've got you. I'm here. Papa's here. I'm here my darling. I'm here. I've got you."
"Okay," Sherlock whispered. "It's not that. I just...you don't think you deserve to be alive? You don't-?"
"Ugh, get a room," Atlas mumbled as their lips touched, the pair pulling away fast before giggling.  "But no, seriously, you'd both do anything for each other," Atlas laughed before it died down and she closed her eyes again. "Pretty cool place to have a scar." She paused and looked around the room thoughtfully. "Is the...does...I'm going to be sick." A bucket in her lap for what felt like the umpteenth time and she was throwing up the entire contents of her stomach. Sherlock fashioned her hair into a bobble, whilst John sat infront of her, the doctor finally arriving.
"Couldn't sleep well," Atlas frowned before looking back out across the city. "You don't suppose we could go to the grave now. Before the city wakes up. Breakfast is served till 9."
And she released, her eyes going wide as she sat back against the wall and John flexed his fingers and held his wrist just as he heard himself sob. He hadn't meant to. It just sort of happened.
"It's alright dear." Mrs Hudson said approaching and reaching out a hand to John's shoulder, placing it gently. John then, took a sharp intake of breath and stood. Straightening himself out he removed his hands and looked up. "Come here." Mrs Hudson smiled as she opened her arms and allowed John to hug her. Wanda was crying too now, as she thought about her little boy lost somewhere.
"Come here, Rosamund." Mycroft said softly, squatting down to her height. She had Jeff clutched to her chest. "I know it's scary, hell, even I'm finding this scary, but it'll be okay. Atlas will be okay." Mycroft looked over to his brother who was checking his watch again.
"Your doing alright though Sherlock." Sally replied, Sherlock's head snapping up quickly. He looked at her wide eyed before he stepped back a little from the wall. "You are. Your daughters are wonderful, amazing children and you love them. And you and John, well your just so good together. You work in sync." A pause. "You two must be the most in sync yet diverse couple I've ever met."
"Yeah," Sammy whispered. "It hurts to see her hurting this much. Her mind is trying to fight her body but it keeps betraying her. And the pain...the pain in her body, the tingling, the-the pins and needles."
Sherlock reached out an arm and placed it on her back. "Thank you." Sherlock said gratefully. Atlas scooted closer to her dad and leaned against him.
"Where are my dads?" Atlas asked quietly before throwing up and producing only clear fluid. She had tears in her eyes.
"Everything is fine. It is. But I don't know. I just...no...I don't know," Atlas whispered said quickly, slowly becoming more and more worked up.
"Christ, yes," John said with a smile. "I know she'll be fine but christ, we found it difficult but did no-one stop and think got one minute that she might just be tearing up from the inside? That her "transport" isn't working right. That she's she just wants to 'self-combust' as she said the other day before we left. She hasn't touched her fiddle and that's scary. She's so depressed Sherlock. I can't
"Okay I ask first." Atlas said as she pulled the measuring scales out from a cupboard. "Why do you like baking so much?"
"My wrist is aching quite a bit so, no, not really," John smiled. "I'm hoping Atlas is going to sleep alright."
"Come on. Let's put you back to bed." John smiled picking Rosie up and taking her to her bedroom. Lying her down on the bed she nestled in, looked at him expectantly before he tucked her in. "Go back to sleep Rosie. Grandma and Grandad should be here tommorow afternoon."
"Abayomi." Atlas said with perfect pronunciation. "Meaning pleasant meeting and from Yoruba, Nigeria." Abayomi gave a smile at that, the dark of her skin reflecting under the light. It was now, when Atlas looked, she noted she was a very pretty girl. Dark eyed, dark haired and a smile that moved through her eyes and fo her ears. "Atlas Ho-..." She began before stopping and looking at Abayomi. "Atlas Watson-Holmes." There was a brief pause. "This is my friend, Sammy." Atlas elbowed him and he looked round and smiled at Abayomi.
"Nine...nineteen. Just started university, out drinking, she has been raped. She's had braces, she's from west london, she can drive. Not from this country. No she's staying in West London, but she's not from here. She dressed up. " Atlas began. "There's more. I just know your having the same thoughts."
"My head hurts," Atlas whispered against John before, the blanket one side to her was lifted up, and Whisper fed underneath. She took him and out him to her nose and he smelt like...
First was a test, that Doctor Young called Hoover's test. Painless and proved to be easy as far as Atlas could tell. Only Doctor Young frowned and wrote down something on a notepad.
"Just proud of you, sweetheart," John smiled as his hand creeped around her shoulder and squeezed it.  She rested her temple against his.
"Not long, but I paid - or rather Mycroft paid - for some intensive training." Atlas replied. "I decided to name him Redbeard. Figured you'd want to name him that."
"John," Sherlock said again before he looked at him, the older man still sitting beside him. "I failed her, I failed her. I failed you. I didn't mean to. I promise I didn't mean to."
"I want to protect you." John Sr growled, his wife nodding her head in agreement. John had been friends with Sherlock long enough however to know when someone was lying.
"I need to see him, just to know he's okay," Atlas said. "And he won't be because I hurt him Mycroft, I hurt him. I probably broke his wrist for gods sake. How can...I can't..."
"I," he gasped. "Love...you...too. I can't...breathe." John moved from where he held the boy and kneeled infront of him.
"I'll give you all hugs, sorry dad, Sam, pa, you'll get yours in a moment....and yes...you too Red," Atlas said with a grin. "As we are gathered under such a beautiful array of lights I just wanted to say that I am very grateful to have you all in my life. I was, I'll admit, scared before coming here. I was scared of it, all of it. I was scared of the journey and everything sure, but I was scared about meeting everyone too. And I was scared because I'm not normally liked and Uncle Mycroft and my dad can testify to that. We Holmes, we don't normally find people who care, so now, as I stand on the decking of my great aunts house, I feel its time to say that I'm glad that I came. I'm glad I faced that fear because we've now met Peter who, is one of the coolest people I've ever met. Isla, who is one of the best cooks and don't tell Grandma Wanda that. Aunty Harry, who is a comic and has given my other Aunty a best friend but most of all, Jo. I didn't think I'd get another grandma, I didn't think I'd ever get the one. But I'm happy. I'm really happy that I've got you and I hope that you know that I love you all."
"Is that daddy?" Rosie asked John quietly as the man nodded sending the young girl running to the front door.
Atlas' head stuttered a nod as she got to her feet and made her way to the bathroom, collecting towels from the airing cupboard. Hopping in the shower she felt the need to cry and so, under the loud combined hum of the shower and the extractor fan, she did. Where no-one could hear, no-one could see and no-one would be able to tell.
As they approached his house Atlas hung back to admire the trees he had in his front garden. They were beautiful pink cherry trees just on the cusp of blossoming. She stood on the paved pathway and looked up at them and every little thing about them.
"Alright. What's up?" John asked looking at Sherlock seriously with the I-Am-A-Watson-Who-Is-Also-Your-Fiance-So-I-Know-You-Can't-Lie-To-Me-So-Just-Tell-Me-Already look.
"Just an absence seizure," Sammy said gently as Rosie climbed out of Atlas' lap and instead climbed onto Sammy's. Atlas' eyes twitched gently, her eyebrows moving up and down before they stopped and she found herself able to smile and she looked around. "Alright?" Atlas nodded. "Yeah?"
"I want this to be like a music landing. Somehow we managed to get the piano up the stairs in 221B, so I figured we could probably do it here. We could put comfortable furniture and seating out. Have bookcases and drawers for music and we have all the natural light coming from that." He said enthusiastically, pointing at two, side by side sky lights. "John can write his blog up here, you can write aswell. Bring Grandad Timothy up here and show him all of it. Like a study."
"I'll just sit with you. Is that okay?" Sherlock asked quietly. His behaviour was marginally different with family, caring and loving. Atlas gave a small nod before Sherlock stayed where he was, the silence engulfing them.
"You know." Mycroft said, Eurus rolling her eyes as she realised he was about to begin wittering again. "You'd be good as a quadruple agent, maybe pentuple or maybe sextuple."
"I'm fine. Thank you Mrs Hudson." Atlas thanked before Mrs Hudson continued to have a go at Sherlock for what he had done. All the while Sherlock regained his usual personality and Atlas smiled to herself as she glanced around the room. Three months ago she was so alone, more alone than she ever thought she would be. Now that she wasn't, she was relieved.
"Thank you for today." Atlad smiled at him before he left the building, Atlas resuming to drink her tea.
"Crap," John whispered as Sammy killed the lights before pulling on his trainers and grabbing the car keys to get her weighted blanket. Rosie began to cry then, and Sherlock shushed her.
"Rosie?" Greg Lestrade said as he entered the living room. He saw her and didn't question, the household were becoming increasingly unusual.
do what I did to you again, Sherlock. God, I think about it all the time and I can't stop hating myself for it. And now I know it was so close to Serbia. Well that just makes me hate myself more." John said, before adding. "Why do we never talk about things like this?" He plonked into one of the kitchen chairs before he looked at the ceiling. He gave a sigh, Sherlock surprising him as he sat in a chair opposite him.
Final disclaimer. I don't like the words, disease, illness or disorder. They always come with a negative connotation and as someone who works closely with people - particularly those who suffer from these words of negative connotations - I do not see them as their disease.. I don't see disability. I see a person. I see them and the things that make them them. People are beautiful, no matter what world they are living in. Despite this, I still believe that it is important to recognise disabilities, mental health etc. so as to not allow ableism in this modern world. I believe in equality.
"Daddy?" Rosie called as she looked around the kitchen and she turned the camera to rear view again. "Daddy?"
Once he was gone John put a hand over his eyes and gripped the edge of the island before he regained his composure and began to climb the stairs, Atlas' medicine in hand and a small glass of water. The early lark was normally up before the worms as he knocked lightly. Entering he saw Atlas, supposedly sleeping with the duvet all tucked up next to her chest. He could see Whisper clutched near her nose and he frowned.
ROSIE pulled a stool up to stand on as she stirred a pan of tomato sauce. Meanwhile, Eurus and Atlas created a biscoff cheesecake over by the two person table. Wanda told Rosie to carefully pour the tomato puree into the pan and she giggled when it splashed her apron.
"No. It's alright. Rosie was going to see the scar someday. Best to let it all out now." Sherlock smiled, Atlas putting an arm round his waist, his arm round her shoulder.
"Good morning Mr Holmes." He chirped, as he loosened his nervous grip in the handle of his guitar slightly.
"Come here," John said as put out an arm to take her to him before kissing her head. "You are bigger and stronger than all this and I know you don't think you can but you can and you have to believe, you have to trust me on that."
"I think I made the wrong choice." John explained sadly, knowing he didn't have to say much more for Atlas to know exactly what he meant by that.
"Miss Watson-Holmes, your case is developing, we need to hav-" The doctor said touching her arm, his white beard reflecting.
John had managed to get all of the items out the van and had persuaded Mrs Hudson to hide them away in one of her rooms. Now, he just had to figure out how to get Atlas out of the house for more than an hour. Then it came to him, she hadn't seen Mycroft in quite sometime.
Didn't quite catch that?" Mr Peterson mocked before standing opposite her. A force from behind Atlas knocked her to the ground, the air rushing from her as she struggled to regain breath.
John nodded at that before following Sherlock upstairs and when they got into the bedroom Sherlock disappeared into the bathroom. And as soon as the bedroom door shut John began to blubber again. Great rafts of emotion through his core that left him sitting against the wall head in hands, ragged breathing in the middle of complete emotional turmoil.
"Daddy! Dad!" She pretty much screamed, as she ran towards him with sticky fingers covered in a white gloop.
"Yep. Oh, by the way, your appointment at the hospital has moved to tomorrow morning. I've set Rosie up to go see Molly because she's available to look after her with Andrew. We'll pick Sammy up on our way home, I've already arranged it with Leanne and I left Sherlock a voicemail." John smiled.
John stood smiling at Wanda before giving a chuckle. He watched as Timothy picked her small body and lifted her onto his hip. She was, in truth, beginning to be too old for it but he smiled as he watched the old man show her his flowers. An inquisitive hand reached out to a rose and Timothy recited the Latin names for everything she asked about.
"We fly out a week today. I would have told you guys earlier but it was all going so well and Atlas had joined our group and I didn't want to ruin it." Abayomi insisted.
"That doesn't matter, okay? We need to get this checked out. No matter how much fun I'm having, you will always be my priority okay?" John insisted as Atlas nodded at him.
"That's a peculiar skill to have acquired." Mycroft said just as Atlas returned with a different book, kneeling down next to Rosie and handing her some colouring pens.
"So today is the final talk you lot are ever going to have on SHARE. I know that it is probably the last thing in the world you want to do, however, it would be much appreciated if you give our guest some quiet to do the talk. We will also be covering sexual abuse stories but we will give warnings and you will be allowed out if required." There was a brief pause, some shuffling before the man who was doing the talk stood up in front of the room. And Atlas sighed.
"Good too." Sherlock said in short. Then he looked down at John. "I'm worried about Atlas. I hope she hasn't been too put off by that incident the other night. Rosie appears fine."
that made it sound like she had caught them doing something highly inappropriate, causing an eruption of giggles.
"Absolutely," Sherlock said with a smile. "They closed the case a few months ago but never found out who murdered them."
"Ida Atlas Elizabeth Watson-Holmes, sit up," Sherlock said suddenly and Atlas sat upright like a young child being reprimanded. "Are you alright?" He asked in the wing mirror.
She heard her dad's footsteps a few minutes later. Hearing him call out and ask where she was she tried to muster some strength but found she had none. He called again.
"I want to adopt Atlas." John said, closing his eyes before opening to look at a slack jawed Sherlock. Silence. Nothing but silence and the worry that he had overstepped shadowed John. "So I suppose, I'm really asking if I can?"
"Hey," John said into the phone. The older man had pulled himself out of bed and was now sitting on the edge of it. Sherlock stirred momentarily and wearily - as they were all the time at the moment - he moved over the bed to sit behind John, wrap his arms around his torso and lie his cheek against his back.
"Really? I've been looking for it online and I can't find any of it." Atlas exclaimed as she looked at John wide eyed.
"I really hope..." Atlas began as she filled the silence. She choked on her words, taking a deep breath before she could continue. "I really hope that you are going to wake up one day soon after a peaceful, restful night and say you remember me. I don't think that's going to happen though. I'm just going to have to work it out. Maybe I'll go stay with Mycroft for a while if your not...well not better when you get released home."
"I love you too." Sammy added before joining the hug. "I think your dads really want to see you. Okay?" There was a pause. "I know our visit was short but your dad is hanging around outside and he's been so upset Atlas."
"Alright," Mycroft soothed, as she sobbed, Sammy giving her a sideways hug. "I'm going to ask you something and I need you to answer me honestly." Atlas nodded. "Were you scared?"
"Uhmmm, Owen Hunt? Is he a character in Grey's or something you and Sam watch?" Mycroft asked as Atlas laughed with a nod.
"Yeah, I'll come. Rosie is seeing May's little brother tommorow morning for two hours and we need some shopping for sandwiches while we travel," Sherlock said with a smile, looking back at them.
"It still does." Atlas slipped in slightly as Mycroft gave her a look of disbelief. It meant something that his baking was still important to his little brother.
Halfway through, Atlas leaned against John's arm and he absent mindedly lifted it up. Atlas slotting in. Then Rosie clambered up onto the sofa and onto Sherlock's surprisingly willing lap. He let her sit on his knee, leaning against the arm of the sofa. She tucked herself into him, John and Sherlock sharing a (gay) look.
Eventually, they reached the cliffs just as the sun was beginning to rear it's head. There was a bench and both of them took it, the dog coming over and sitting by their feet. Atlas took photo's as the sun continued rising then took one of Rosie and Redbeard sitting on the bench. She put it as her wallpaper on her lock screen, it now taking place as one of her favourite photos.
She had just stood still when suddenly she was off again, grabbing Whisper before finally bringing the dog into the room and shutting the door.
John thought about it some more. He wasn't gay, he was sure of it, but there was something in his mind telling him off for being silly, for being stupid. For not listening. It was now he pondered over the day he was put in the bonfire and he wondered who had the idea to go looking for him.
And that made Atlas crumble. She held her head in her hands as she let out a sob and John put the hand to the back of her head.
"Occasional psychopath." Eurus said quietly, still content with the chess game she was playing with herself.
My timetabling is rubbish. So please, if you spot any problems with it leave a comment and I'll go in and fix it!
Sherlock shot her a look, to which he narrowed his eyes in reply. His expression softening when he saw how concerned his daughter was.
"Don't over think it." Atlas replied laughing slightly under breath before her own blue eyes met his. And then she watched as the lightbulb of realisation illuminated. "There you go."
"More or less." Atlas smirked as she leaned against him. "You know Uncle Mycroft and you might struggle to understand this all, but I love you."
"Go ahead, me and Mou will have a conversation," Sherlock smiled before nodding at Sammy who turned and left. "Now Mou, you and me are going to be friends." The cat looked at him before it rubbed it's cheek against his shirt. "Oh, oh thank you. Your lovely aren't you?" He paused. "Now, your owner is very upset at the moment." Quietly, Sammy appeared outside the door and just waited to hear what else Sherlock was going to say. "And he needs you to be his friend because his friend can't be there for him and she wants to be. And I need you to make sure he never feels alone, because I want to help but I don't know how. He's part of our family now." Sherlock looked to the door. "If he's ready, we are. We can decorate his room, he can have the spare one, although he might have to give it up when guests come or Atlas can. A rota! That's what we'll have."
"Your getting a bit old," John said to Rosie as he took her but she only cried more. "Oh, Ro, love, it's alright. Have you got Jeff?" She just nodded before pulling away and looking at him.
THEY had been sat in static traffic for two hours. Everyone was beginning to get restless and people were starting starting get out their cars and kick up a fuss, but the lights above the motorway were clear. They weren't going anywhere.
"Alright, yeah," Atlas sighed before they left the lab and went into the kitchen. "I just want to get it all done before we leave."
"Rosie, she got a fright," Sherlock said from where he could be seen holding the child to his chest trying to ditract her with the lightning. "It's alright, my darling. The lightning just put out the lights." John gave Atlas her water bottle before he went over and took Rosie.
"Atlas, it's us," Sherlock said with a frown, reaching out a hand to touch her head but she pulled away.
Soon enough, Sherlock had worked most of the ache out with gentle touches and John let out a painless breath. Carefully, Sherlock placed his chin on the shoulder and looked over to the wall. The closeness surprisingly comforting for both men.
"Oh, thank you," John said, sounding surprised before he exchanged a worried look with Sherlock. "Did you sleep alright last night?"
And i am sincerely sorry to anyone using speak text for the mumbled words, huge apology to all you who use this.
"Yes," Rosie said as she clutched Jeff and looked back at Atlas with a smile, Atlas' face was blank and Rosie gently put a hand to her cheek.
"There." Sherlock said after some time, the water now encroaching on his neck, sloshing around Rosie's feet. He pointed to a section of the glass before going back a little bit, removing his jacket. He ran forward and put his all his weight into a thump on the glass. There was nothing and everyone wondered what in God's name Sherlock was up to. He did it again, this time with more weight and closer to where the joint between the three pieces of glass were. By the third time he let out a cry of pain and held his hand inside his other, John going up to the glass. Before long Sherlock was at it with his other hand, Eurus cottoning on and making him move.
"That party must have been a belter." Eurus laughed before she was shot a look from Mycroft who was guiding Atlas into his kitchen where he had comfortable seating. Leading her to the sofa he sat her down, cleaned a space on the coffee table and sat.
"Its called being polite." Sally smiled before looking at Sherlock, who's mouth seemed to be quirking upwards.
"I'm sorry Mycroft." John said when the brother appeared. "I shouldn't have spoken to you, Eurus or Atlas like that yesterday. It wasn't fair and your just trying to keep Sherlock safe."
"You'll always need a home to come back to." He put an arm round her shoulder and rubbed it gently. "And you'll always need your family. So you need a room, okay?"
ATLAS' fingers graced over the piano, the sound she was creating sounding more and more beautiful. And when she finished she felt her own rush of emotion. This piece of music, the piece she had just played, it was written for her dads. And there was no mistaking that.
"Sorry, all the seats are taken up. We told Sammy to go to sleep and Rosie was already dozing so we put them there. I'm sure if you look you'll find some." John provided helpfully as he followed his husbands gaze to the siblings.
Silence descended before Atlas reached out a tremoring hand to touch Sherlock's face. Her fingers ran over the creases and lines of deep thought. Of deep worry and pain. Sherlock watched her facial expressions keenly as she ran her fingers over his nose and forehead. They ran up to his hairline as he crinkled his nose and Atlas then put her fingers back down and laughed as they went over the rumples of skin.
The facts that are said by some of the students are correct and some are myths. The myths and misconceptions came from this website: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.breakingnews.ie/world/7-myths-about-the-human-body-that-are-often-mistaken-as-facts-866673.html
"Atlas, Sherlock, Wanda and Rosie took Redbeard out on a walk." Timothy explained creating some tea, of which he gave a mug off to John.
"You don't have to." Mrs Peterson pleaded, the gun barrel digging into the flesh on her stomach. Atlas had fresh tears springing in her eyes, her family watching in horror from the other side. The teen was about to shoot someone. Normally Atlas showed more compassion but she couldn't. Not to the woman who sat by and let her husband abuse hundreds of innocent children.
"You are. Close to being taller than Sherlock," John laughed rubbing his back. "I love you, sweetheart."
"There isn't a threat! And stop shouting at Mycroft." Atlas said as she stood next to her uncle defensively. "It's not his fault. Eurus, Mycroft, Sherlock and I specifically calculated the risk of each spot. This is an unpredictability and we did not expect it."
"When did that happen?" He gruffed, looking at the bodies and then his eyes caught Atlas's shaking form and her cries. Crawling away despite Mycroft's protestations he found himself beside his husband and middle child rather fast.
"That psycho mother of mine." Atlas said before collecting her stuff and leaving with Sammy. She would have picked a fight but the air was already thick with growing tension.
And that was a disaster in itself. Compare that to an amnesiac sociopath who is a detective saving countless lives at the same time as saving the governments assess - sometimes even the world's. Atlas was certain that the obliteration of a planet was no comparison to what she was going to have to meddle through.
After the meal they sat down round a coffee table in the living area to play a quiz board game. Atlas had pre arranged names in a hat, whoever's name was drawn that was who was their partner.
A chorus of thank you's echoed through the conservatory as everyone settled to eat. Pointless witter filled their ears until the first course was finished. The pudding was brought through and also devoured. After tea everyone sat down with mugs of miscellaneous flavours. Rosie clambered up onto Wanda's lap, snuggling into her as they continued Alice in Wonderland.
"You choose," Atlas said as she nuzzled in closer to him until she was as small as she could make herself. She was surprised when he started playing "Rocket Man" and she closed her eyes, letting her imagination take it's course, going wherever it wanted to. She felt John's arm move around her back and rub her arm, holding her against him. "Bennie and the Jets" started a moment later and Atlas smiled to the immediately recognisable first few bars.
"WHY do people get nightmares papa?" Rosie asked looking up at John and then expectantly at Sherlock. Both men struggled to find the right words.
"Sleeping...I...uh left him to sleep." Sherlock lied, no-one except Atlas realising he had done so. Yes, Sherlock had left him to sleep but she could see from the tiredness in her dad's eyes that it had been another hard night.
"It is." Sammy interrupted. "It's my home. And you guys are my family and John and Sherlock are my dads." And then he put a hand over his mouth like he'd said something wrong.
Also, just so your aware If Books & Beans is showing like Books & amp; Beans then I don't know why. It just is. Please look past this as i don't always spot it.
Atlas looked over to her father who nodded, she looked back to John. "Root cause is anxiety. Creates a weird thingy ma bob with my heart, blah blah blah. At least that's what they think, it's still being researched. I've heard it so much and plus your a doctor so I don't figure I need to repeat it all."
"Jam," She called out and he didn't answer, so thinking he was sleeping she crawled onto his lap. There she said. "Jam...Jammy." She said again before looking up at him. "Jam." She tried again. "Jam," She said knocking his face with her hands only for it to roll forward and hit her forehead. She'd looked taken aback before trying to wake him and then she knew. She knew what death looked like.
"You okay?" John asked as he reached out a hand to touch Sammy's arm lightly, the boy looked at him momentarily before looking back to his drink.
"I'm going to leave you now," Mycroft smiled before getting up. He kissed Atlas' cheek before leaving but not before a "I'll see you later, Ida."
"MY dear Watson." Sherlock said kindly as he made his way over to Rosie who was sat colouring in at the desk. "What are you up to?"
"I was just asking you something," Atlas said, sassily. "And besides, I needed to tell you about a new symptom and I wanted to cross is by you."
"MORNING," Jo smiled early the following morning to see Atlas and Sherlock sitting at the table drawing diagrams and theorising. "Alright?"
"Hmmm no," Sherlock said. "You don't need to worry about it but you should know that this is what I've always wanted."
"I'm going to break you." Mrs Pertwee hissed in her ear. "Right infront of the class." The class gave a laugh as Mrs Pertwee put her fingers directly opposite Atlas' wound. "Chaching, found it."
Sherlock disappeared off to find his daughter who was standing looking somewhat blankly at the music landing. "Hey." He said quietly, making his way up to her.
"Then I am sorry but I am still going to have to suspend Atlas." Mrs Frobisher sighed before through the gaggle of teenagers Mr Fraggerty appeared. A pendrive in his hand.
"I am worried about your dads. They've had me fussing them. But, I told them to go home, have a nap and I'd sit with you. They're probably having sex right now."
"Atlas?" Sammy asked as he crawled over to her form and looked at his watch like he had throughout her seizure. "Uhhh...something's not right, something's not right," Sammy said taking her hand.
"I love you. And I always will. The day I sent you for some help...oh god I'm sorry. I had to. For our daughter. I had to send you away so that she would stay alive. I had to shoot you so that we both would stay alive. I've found someone, if you wanted to know. Doctor John Hamish Watson, been my best friend for years. I love him. The type of love I loved you with, is not the same as the type of love I love him with. It's more. And he's got a daughter too, Rosamund Mary "Rosie" Watson. She's wonderful. I'm going to be a Watson-Holmes soon. I'm sorry." Sherlock sighed before Atlas put an arm around his waist and he put one round her shoulder and they stood in silence a minute.
"Yup." Atlas replied before they exchanged a smirk and set off for the sounds. Atlas handed her violin over to Sammy who held back by a bench beyond the police tape. She looked around the police cars before making her way over to the tape.
"Hey, hey, hey." John said as he came over and squatted down by her legs. "Okay. Breathe. Atlas, just breathe."
"No, I'm alright. Thank you." Sammy grinned before he hopped onto the verge next to Atlas who was still pouting and obviously thinking.
"Oh Mycroft. How lovely to see you here." Mrs Hudson said sarcastically as she made her way past the eldest sibling.
"No," John said sternly before his expression softened. "Atlas, don't say that. It's not your fault."
"MY, they're all sleeping in late this morning." Wanda said as she bustled into the kitchen next to Timothy. They waited a moment.
"FND. Its a pretty rare neurological condition. It causes seizures, tremors, memory loss amongst other things. Those are just the most serious. And then PTSD too," Sherlock frowned as he looked over at her. "Sorry, I shouldn't have...I'm sorry."
"Because she's me." Sherlock repeated quietly, one hand still on her cheek very gently. "Your my best friend and my daughter...and I love you." There was a conteplative pause. "So of course I'm scared." He did his little head tilt that Atlas so often did as well before she leaned back against him.
"I've been meaning to ask this question, and I hope you don't think it's like...rude or anything..." Harry said quietly. "But PTSD, do you both have it?"
"Shall we buy the rings tomorrow?" Sherlock asked kissing John lightly before finally dipping to kiss his cheek.
"Fine but only because I like you, Atlas." Mycroft said disdained before finally taking the hint that tea was required with cookies from the day before.
"Both of them have thought for near on...well actually...I don't know. Years. That the other was never going to return their feelings." Greg laughed, hopping out of the car as the Enterprise rental van came into view.
"This'll be fun." Abayomi hissed from the back, somewhat excitedly. Atlas giving her a small nudge. "What?"
"Oh congratulations." Wanda smiled, bustling over with an enormous smile and hugging John over Atlas' head.
"How do you want to get married John?" Sherlock asked quickly, his eyes still trained on the man in question. John blinked quickly.
"Does it matter? You slept." Atlas replied, trying to remind Sherlock that he didn't normally sleep that well anyway. He shot her some narrowed eyes before smiling his goofy im-going-to-make-you-smile smile and she laughed in return. "Are you alright?"
"Bloody hell." John said, before looking back at the car that they had come in and seeing that it was infact a black four door land rover. John's jaw dropped before he looked at his partner. "Bloody hell." Sherlock didn't speak as the nerves rose within him and he didn't know if he'd done something wrong or everything right and it scared him. He let out a long breath and crossed his arms waiting for John to say something. Instead, he was greeted with a hug he didn't anticipate and a kiss on the cheek. When John pulled away, he saw his husband-to-be standing shocked.
"What story is it tonight then Rosie?" Sherlock asked as he leaned over to look at what was in John's hands.
"Rosie, sweetheart, go downstairs and tell Grandma Wanda and Grandad Timothy that Atlas needs to speak to us privately and ask them to read you the rest of the story." John said to Rosie, the young girl nodding.
"But I saved their lives Sherlock. They would have been dead! I was dead to you! And all you could think about was John and Rosie." Atlas shouted before she went quiet. The quiet things often hurt more. "And I dont blame you. But I was here. In my bubble with Redbeard."
"Sherlock!" The man exclaimed wide eyed and beaming. "I don't believe it, look at you!" There was a hug before he caught sight of Atlas. "Oh, Atlas! Look at you aswell, my goodness! Look how you've grown!" He bustled past the rest of the family and hugged her tightly, then with hands either side of her face he smiled. "Still got those eyes. Still playing fifty different instruments?"
"Does he know? Have you told him yet that he's being cheated on. Don't suppose you have gathering by the train ticket in your back pocket. Hair brushed, but only this morning. Ran late to getting to this park, only to find your sweetheart followed you. Childhood sweetheart, sorry my bad." Sherlock spouted, the woman's face screwing up in horror.
"They'll be here soon, and guess what?" Sherlock said in a dramatic voice to Rosie, who was gripping his fingers tightly.
"Atlas, it's not real," John said, trying to pull her away from what she was slipping into. "Is she about to have a seizure or is it just a flashback, Red?" He sighed. "She's stressed so frankly it could be either." He paused and stood oppistie her, tears in her eyes.
"Do I?" Isla smiled. "I pear my dialect back a wee bit when everyone's here so that your siblings and uncle can understand me. I know you and your dads can but I don't like to be rude."
"Sherlock." John said louder this time, the younger man still muttering under his breath. His hands running nervously through his hair, pulling at them. "Sherlock." He said again, much louder this time until the dark hair faced him. Now, he assessed the thin line for a mouth, the cheeks of tears and the fear in his eyes. "Come back and sit down."
"These are my children, Rosie," Sherlock gestured to Rosie who was sitting on Sammy's lap. "Sammy," he gestured to Sammy with a smile. "And you already know Atlas." Sherlock was beaming. "And this is my husband."
"Fine." Atlas responded before placing the books in front of Rosie, who flicked through them eagerly. She stopped on a few before she continued to flick through, eventually coming to a decision on biscoff cupcakes. A while ago Atlas made sure that John and Sherlock picked up the necessary ingredients for baking - on bulk just in case something happens that means they have to stay inside. Bad weather or something like that.
"Come on little Rosamund. We'll go outside with Redbeard." Eurus said, as the little girl walked over and took her aunts hand. The rest of the family followed on to go outside as Atlas continued to have a fit.
"I need you," Atlas said a little louder. "It's no longer a case of I want you when I feel like this. I need you. You must know that."
"We'll pick up some sprinkles and then we'll show papa how to make unicorn cupcakes." Atlas said as she continued walking along.
"I'll go check on them." Wanda said, leaving before Timothy could stop her. She went upstairs first to see if she could find the girls, but they weren't there. Then, looking alarmed she descended the stairs and looked into John and Sherlock's room. A smile spread across her face when she saw the way they were sleeping. Timothy followed up behind her and looked in, seeing how they were sleeping. It was the same as when they were speaking, John's hand still settled in Atlas' hair. Mycroft and Eurus came up behind them to look in before Wanda swatted them away.
"And I moved the table." She whispered, cottoning on to why her parents were keeping their voices low. Sherlock smiled before putting a hand on top of her head and stroking a hand down to her back.
"Yeah," Atlas said looking at the floor. "Just once...I just...I found this photo in the bottom of the box...of her and she's like smiling..." She looked up at John. "At me and she's happy and I think...no..." She had tears in her eyes. "I know...I need to apologise to her."
He sauntered over to one of the guards who had come in with him. "Do you want me to stab you in the chest like this?" He shouted driving the knife into the chest of one of his guards. The other keeping his composure and remaining still. His eyes however, showed pain and fear. He knew he was next. Her other hand was now released, however, she appeared still tied. "Or slit your throat like this?" Mr Peterson asked as he dragged the knife across the mans throat once. There was nothing Atlas could have done for him and besides, that meant there were less bad guys to fight. He walked back towars her, his breath hot on her cheeks by the time he got up close. With one swift movement, knowing the wife was unlikely to stop her, she pinned him to the floor. Her fingers encased his throat and she pushed hard against it till she could almost feel his oesophagus closing.
"We'll try her on a different type of medication and I'll put it down in her medical history that this type makes her sick," Dr Khris said, nodding before exiting.
"I know," Sherlock whispered letting out his own little cries into her hair and John sat stock still and shocked. He knew Atlas' mother abused them, that much had been clear for a while now, but he never knew it was as physical as that. Split eyebrows and cut lips. Black eyes and burn marks. Bruises and a broken tooth.
"Thank you." Rosie squeaked again before finding that her position on top of the covers was too cold and deciding to go underneath them. Cold feet making John giggle, before she laughed too. He looked at the clock. 8:32am. That was okay. They were going to be here a while.
"I can go if you want to talk." Sherlock smiled as he removed the towel from his shoulder and started to walk past John, when the older man caught his sleeve between his fingers.
"I just don't want to forget because its important. Then again, we can always take her prescription with us," John smiled.
"Yeah, I just wanted cuddles from my dog," Atlas whispered before she looked over at her dad gently.
"At." Rosie said. "I hope your okay. I love you." Rosie looked up at Sammy. "And a boy asked me to go out with him today!" Sammy gave a chuckle.
"Your family," Sammy started, scuffing his stocking foot on the carpet. "They won't mind me being there? Right?"
THE Hill was quiet when they went up and it was nice. The little lump in the ground that cast a view onto the city still had a memorial dedicated to all of the Aduba family who lost their lives that fateful place crash. As they made their way to the memorial she heard Sam sniff and wrapping an arm around his waist, she pulled him to her.
HEAD. Her head was beginning to hurt, her breaths were beginning to be erratic. She was going to panic, that was no way her forte so she just remained calm. If this was death then so be it, she'd stared at it on occasion before so so what if it was now. In fact, she was ready.
By the time they got back Rosie had been given a piggy back back to the house. When inside she ran up the stairs to get dressed, finding her Pa to have already laid out clothes for her.
"I know," Alex sighed. "We have to smile though and there's going to be a lot of people who we don't quite frankly know."
Later that evening John went to put Rosie to bed whilst Atlas remained in the living room, sitting in her chair.
"Me and Morag kept in vague touch over the years. And I just recently told her about Atlas." Sherlock said with a weak smile.
SHERLOCK found the spot to park their car easily next to the hotel. Small, several stories and dog friendly on the top most floors, he smiled to himself as he hopped out.
"Where the dogs of society howl, you can't plant me in your penthouse, I'm going back to my plough." She continued before the oxygen began to run out even more. "So goodbye -"
Just as she started to calm, John ushered an "I love you" and the tears streamed down her face again. "Oh sweetheart," John whispered at her. "Why don't we go sit on the sofa and I'll make you and your dad a cup of tea yeah?"
"I don't mind, I mean we have a riff." Sammy smiled, Atlas nodding as she sat on the piano stool. She would not play, she would not muddy the waters of his talented playing. At some later date, they may record the song on Ableton Lite that she had on her laptop, running violin over top. For now, it would stay a pretty acoustic number.
"No," John said quietly. "But she's still my baby. She's still so small and young and full of life and everyday it gets harder and harder like this darkness suppressing in the light that flows inside her being." He looked up at them. "And it's hard to watch." And then his face screwed up and he put his face in his hands. "I'm sorry." He drew in a shaky breath and covered his eyes, elbows resting on his knees.
"Oh sweetheart." John whispered into her ear, rubbing her back under a widespread hand. She was, in reality, too old to be lifted, but her frame was small and light and John couldn't do anything to help her pain. "It's ok."
"Your my best friend, Sherlock." John said as he put a hand to Sherlock's back. "I wouldn't let you be alone."
"Yep, there's a log down there we can go sit on and it's close to the water so Red can play," Sherlock said as he put the handbrake on. Together they got out, collected the food and dog and made their way to the waters edge.
"You have anxiety." John said and Sherlock nodded. "Well, we both know I'd be a rubbish doctor if I didn't know that." John's hand moved up to the base of the back of his neck.
LATER that evening after much sulking Atlas made her way along the hallway to her dad and papa's room. Knocking lightly, she entered as John peered at her over his glasses. With his gaze, Atlas walked over to the bed and shuffled onto it, tucking her legs underneath her before looking directly at John who sighed.
"I've never thought to call it that," Sherlock smiled before giggling like that. "John, you know, you're beautiful too."
"I know," Sammy smiled looking at her with a kindness in his eyes. "We'll tell them that we'll go, yeah?"
"Are you okay?" A half-asleep voice asked and Atlas swivelled one her feet lightening quick. It was John, disheveled and tired standing in his pyjamas and robe. A hand went to her chest in visible fright and John smirked. "Sorry."
"I particularly like Ida, but Atlas is more unusual." Atlas explained to her uncle as she put her hands in the batter ready to make the cookies.
ATLAS woke up one morning in early November to an empty house. She sighed and made her way into the kitchen to make herself some cereal. However she was somewhat pleased to see Mycroft sitting at the table waiting for her.
"WHERE is everyone at?" John asked entering the kitchen to see Timothy and Eurus in the kitchen. He stared around some more in confusion as to where everyone was.
"Please," Atlas said again before she lay back and closed her eyes. Then opened them again and looked at Wanda and Sammy.
"What book is it today?" Sherlock asked taking it from her and lifting her up onto his lap. "Ahhh...Alice in Wonderland."
"He insisted to be at home for Atlas," Wanda said. "And when I tried to chase him out he refused so I didn't want to fight it."
She continued to list them in her head, ignoring the outside world with astounding capability and before long she was nearing the last few letters of the alphabet.
"Yes, we are," Sherlock smiled before he pulled out the map. He looked at it in the light before he started walking and Atlas just followed on. "Come on."
"We'll sort it, Atlas is old enough for a debit card and we can get you one too. It might be handy to also get you a credit card so you can start building credit." John said with a smile. "Pay for fuel and then pay it off."
The second test, was different. Dr Young, in all her glory, handed Atlas a cup of water. Uncontrollably, it shook in her hand.
"Yeah, I'm fine Ro." Atlas said sitting out of their dad's hold. She reached out two hands to take Rosie's as she climbed up and sat down in Atlas's lap.
"Goodnight nana," Rosie said running over and kissing her cheek before kissing Atlas, Sammy and John as well.
"You know, it's funny, because some days I don't deserve to be a Watson. All the things I do, all the things I say, all the people I make upse tand all the lives I take away. And then some days, I don't deserve to be a Holmes because of all the things I don't do, I don't say, all the people I don't make upset and all the lives I don't save. Then I just become Ida Atlas Elizabeth. Full stop. And that's when I realise that my great grandparents may have had old names and been lords and ladies, but I'm not. I don't deserve Ida and Elizabeth. So then I just become Atlas. But there we are again. Back at the unsusal tradition in the Holmes family of going by the second name. I don't deserve to have an unusual name, no less, a name that pertains to a greek titan. So then what do I become? Nothing. I become nothing." Silence as she looks over to the headboard. "I am nothing."
"HEY." Sammy said walking in to see Atlas sitting up in bed. She looked brighter than she had a few days earlier. Well, to be honest that was to be expected, it had been a few days since her heart attack and she'd only had one convulsive seizure. She still had a couple of absence seizures in a day but she was overall, starting to improve.
"Okay." Sherlock said. "I'll help you up." His voice was plain, simple and practiced, like he knew what he was going to say, the meter was measured. Gentle hands slid around her back and pulled her to him in the darkness. Her whole body physically sighed in relief as she sagged against him.
"Dad, Rosie literally eats everything." Atlas smiled as she picked up some red peppers which she knew were among John's favourite. Sherlock picked up loads more vegetables before they crossed over into the next aisle and collected more staple foods, five packets of biscuits - being Sherlock's favourite food and several packet of skips as they were fast becoming Rosie's favourite type of crisps.
"I don't think they've had a chance to grieve yet," John said. "She didn't have a funeral, the search for bodies at the site of the crash is ongoing. We've been clear that they can speak to us, especially with the whole cannibalism suspicions in the news." His hand rubbed Sherlock's knee under the table.
ROSIE loved the house and so did Redbeard. They especially liked the back garden and were already excited to have pirate princess adventures together up low branch trees, monkey bars and swings.
"It's okay, love," John said gently, she looked at him before getting to her feet. He followed her. One deep breath and she entered the room making a bee line for her grandmother who was sat at the dining table and had an unoccupied seat next to her.
"There are more things in heaven and earth." Atlas began, often reciting quotes when there were moments of stress amongst a crowd.
You can follow Atlas' story in the next book of the series "Mountains, Hills and Dusty Windowsills."
"Thank you for today. I'll ring you about Redbeard." Atlas said before waving goodbye to her uncle as she left. She retook her position at the kitchen table to tidy away the scrabble. John sat next to her whilst Sherlock sat opposite her Rosie sitting gayly on his knee. Sherlock secretly loved kids but John couldn't stand children. However, they all thought of him as a big teddy bear and he were growing to be fond of them at the same time.
"Yeah." Atlas said quietly as she offered it out on a shaky hand. "I can't even switch it on." She stayed standing until Sherlock looked at it, before putting it to one side.
"On it." Eurus smiled as she opened the fridge just as Sammy and Atlas started measuring out the ingredients.
"Your welcome to come and sit in my office until your dad gets here." Mr Fraggerty said as Atlas was helped to her feet, Sammy coming to her side.
"Yep, I did it not long before you came down," Atlas smiled. "And thank you for getting me the box too, I call it an old person's medication box but in reality, it's for anyone who needs it and it's really helpful."
"I don't want to leave you." Sherlock said quietly looking up at Atlas before Atlas just looked back at him.
"You know, John, your a pretty cool little brother." Harry said coming into the kitchen as she moved to stand behind her mother.
"Hey." Wanda laughed Rosie giggling as she looked at her. Wanda's heart was filled with a joy she had never experienced before.
"Okay. I'll make sure to bring it up to Dr Young the neuro-surgeon so she keeps that in mind while she checks you over." Dr Aduba smiles. "For now, I'll leave you in peace. Get some sleep."
"I love you." Sherlock whispered to John, who looked back at him and smiled. Smiled thsy goofy smile that he always wore.
"No, yes, I don't know. I don't know how to answer that when our daughter is lying in a hospital bed with poisoning symptoms and being tested for another illness which is god knows what." John whispered into Sherlock's shoulder.
"Already packed some," Sherlock smiled before Atlas walked forward to him and clamped her arms around him. "Alright." And when she moved away Sherlock gave a warm smile. "Miss Rosie Watson-Holmes, what have you got there?"
"Oh Sherlock. What are we going to do with you?" Wanda asked as she began washing up some mugs from the tea last night. Sherlock didnt come with a snarky reply and only picked up a towel and dried off the mugs.
"That's it, Atlas," John said as the seizure slowed some more and Rosie kept holding the cloth there. Slow, jerky movements were all that remained. "Oh, sweetheart." There was one particular jerk which sent her head going forward into Rosie's hand and she let out a yelp of fright.
"Do you want to come downstairs?" Mycroft asked as Atlas shook her head and began to panic. "Okay, shhh, Atlas. It's alright." He paused. "Do you want your dads?
"Well, after cleaning the bed, me and Atlas had what can only be called a long needed chat and now I feel dead," Sherlock said before dramatically flopping backwards, his head landing in John's lap.
"It'll be alright," Sherlock soothed as she began to convulse and he just sat there helpless. Watching as John put a hand to her back and just let it there.
"John, could you give us a moment?" Dr Aduba asked with serious eyes. "To run some tests? Verbal ones, she's more likely to be truthful if your not in our presence."
"You know I can't promise you anything. We just have to wait it out and see what happens." Sherlock said. "Do you think you can do that?"
"What? Are you too old for hugs? Now your not feeling ill?" Sherlock said sarcastically, surprising the two other parties in the room not involved in the conversation.
"Exactly. And that means?" He asked again as Atlas just looked at him as he watched the cogs turning in her head.
"Are you sure?" John prodded once more before Sherlock rolled onto his right side, his back to John. The older man sighed before he went for one last attempt, his arms wrapping around Sherlock's torso. His hands rubbed his chest before he heard a small sob.
"I don't remember mentioning Rosie." John said critically of the girl. Suddenly an urge uncertainty courses through his veins.
"Sherlock, you always took good care of her. But I had to come and check." Morag teased before walking over to Atlas. "You won't remember me but I must say, you look more like your dad now than you did when you were first born. And you looked a lot like him then."
"They don't know. Awaiting the results of her CT scan because they have a hold up but it shouldn't be too long." John said quietly.
"I don't know...I just feel a little fuzzy and everything's tingling," Atlas said, bowing her head before Rosie placed Jeff in her lap. "Thank you Rosebud."
Atlas gave humph before noticing her nose bleed had stopped. Rosie came in, Atlas remaining on the floor.
"Sherlock." John said, looking at the man. Then he realised that this was another one of those no argument situations and decided to leave it. He kissed his fiance's forehead, then his lips and left the bedroom.
"I'm sure Dr Watson already knows that." Mr Fraggerty, her history teacher added warily, already understanding of Mrs Pertwee (one of the English teachers - not Atlas') wrath.
"She's your daughter too," Sherlock yelled, Sammy taking another cue to leave with Rosie and go for a walk.
"I was gonna stop by one of the music shops in town and purchase some new strings. My E's about to snap." Atlas said, her musician intuition having been telling her that. It was about time she got a new set of better quality string's on it and she'd been saving to get some of the best.
"Atlas. Look at me." Sherlock said as he shushed her, rocking gently as she looked at him. Her blue eyes stared into his own and he told her to slow her breathing. She did so, it becoming evenly matched as she whimpered in pain.
"Yeah, because he was a whole ten years older and he had to be," Sophie exclaimed, angrily, beating her feet like a stroppy child.
"Rosie. You haven't changed your tights yet." Atlas noted as she took her violin from her chin and held it alongside the bow.
GEORGIA'S pale face let go of the edges of the world. Her eyes went cloudy, her fingers limp. Her body lifeless on the bed and Sammy waited and found himself completely...
"I'll go get him." Sherlock said darting back to the house and finding Jeff. He looked at him momentarily before returning to his crying daughter and placing him in her hands.
"Your inspiration comes from everywhere." John said, Atlas looking up from where she had been messing around with some chord patterns.
"I don't want to go to school." Atlas said quietly, looking at her father who - for some reason - smiled at her. She took a deep breath, anticipating her father to say something she would rather not hear. He took a hand out his pocket and put it on her shoulder comfortingly. "I...There's something there, in the pit of my stomach. It makes me want to throw up or just run and run and run but I can't because it'll just get worse. It's getting worse dad, and I don't know how to stop it."
"I'm scared of clowns, spiders and the dark." Rosie said matter-of-factly before she looked at Atlas. "Daddy had to do it. You'd have died. I wouldn't have liked it if you'd died." Rosie looked over to John who was now smiling. Careful steps. "Papa?"
"Sherlock?" John said as he put his hands out to the front of him and Sherlock helped him into the car. "I swear to god. This probably looks like you've abducted me."
"I have a headache." Sherlock said quietly, looking at John and Rosie and then over to this girl who was supposedly Atlas. The Atlas.
Thirty five minutes after the class had began and she was really hoping Mr Fraggerty - the only teacher who she really trusted and liked - would take her up to his class.
"He's...uhh...well." Atlas began before looking at Lestrade. There was no easy way to say what she needed to. "He's lost about three months of his memory."
"When you had to let me go," Atlas smiled before she clicked open her case and picked up her violin, holding it to her chest. "Could you tune for me?"
Atlas' face when they got home, the potential war, Sherlock already knew and he wasn't prepared for the fallout between his partner and daughter - it was especially
"It was worse when they tried to take me from him," Atlas frowned before looking at her parents. "I only had Whisper in my hands and that's all I had. Except for a handful of things they picked up for me but that was it. But Peter. He got left behind. And James had given him to me. I missed James. Not so much now I have you guys. He was one of the best and he died, in a way he didn't deserve to. He deserved to live into his nineties and grow vegetables."
"Why? Why do you always have to go and ruin it?" John asked looking at his dad. "You ruined it with Harry and now she's been through hell. She left home when she was sixteen and she was the only piece of family I had. And even when I went through the worst pain, you weren't there when my best friend had to die for two years to stop me from getting shot, when I came back from the war, when my wife died. No, my best friend's parents were there more. " John said, in that quiet burning anger that he had. "I have finally realised that I might have a chance to be happy. Have a family."
When John got back out onto the decking the fire had been started and everyone was sat huddled, looking up at the stars and northern lights. There was a spare place to sit beside Atlas and so he took it, her head resting against his shoulder. Lifting his arm, he pulled her in. She pulled her blanket around him, making sure to catch his cast and she touched the fingers of his plastered hand. He rested his bearded chin against her as they both looked up at the sky.
"Hey. What's wrong Atlas?" John asked looking up at her with his eyebrows furrowed in concern. He handed Rosie another block before looking back at Atlas expectantly.
"That wasn't what the nightmare was about though." Sherlock sighed into John's chest, listening to his heart beat. There was a comfortable silence as John waited for Sherlock to continue and say what else he had to say.
"Okay. This is going to hurt like hell." John warned, Atlas nodding knowingly before grabbed a firm hold on her arm. He gave a sigh. "Your not a fainter are you?" He checked before Atlas shot him a look. With all his fight he pushed hard and her shoulder gave an almighty pop. She let out a crying string of swear words and phrases that John would normally scold her on but knew he couldn't. Tears sprung in her eyes despite it feeling better. John removed his cardigan from under his coat and fashioned it into a sling for Atlas to cushion the shoulder till it wasn't quite as painful.
"They used pay as you go's under false names, fake social media profiles," Atlas said looking through the files.
"Will you and papa read my book tonight?" Rosie asked quietly looking up at her dad with big eyes. She used that Watson look that Sherlock was sure wouldn't grow old.
"No." The voice replied. "But I am the man who put another man in your bed. I am the man who strapped bombs to your chest. I am the man who ordered Mr and Mrs Peterson to do what they were told." There was a pause in his voice. "Do you know what I really wish I could do?" The man hummed, his face close to his ear. "Take you home to my house. Take you in and hold you close. Then piece by piece I'd remove your clothes. And then we'd make love."
"Sort of. Here and there." John said, looking over to Sammy and Sherlock over his shoulder. "I don't suppose you guys could but your chairs over there. Then I can look at you."
"I got mine in Serbia. I did...you could say time there...working...nothing much else really. Hardy people my family but that's one of the periods of my life I can't shake. And a few other things from when Atlas was a baby but nothing else, not much."
"I've got to go. I don't care what you say or - or do...I need to go see my daughter." John said before he and Sherlock made their way to the bedroom just as Atlas dry heaved into the bucket.
"I'd be doing a kindness." Mrs Hudson finished for her as the young girl nodded semi-enthusiastically. Mrs Hudson smiled before typing out a wordy email to the centre, requesting they reserve Jem and that Mrs Hudson would visit in a few days.
"Yes, captain," Sherlock saluted with a smirk before he lead Atlas and Sammy over to the male adult jackets.
"Are you a Holmes?" Mrs Pertwee insisted, Atlas looking at her once before choosing to not answer. "Are you or aren't you related to Timothy Holmes?" Okay. So not the question Atlas was anticipating. A
"Could we bake?" Rosie asked sweetly, looking at Atlas with those big blue eyes. She blinked a few times before Atlas gave in, sighing before getting the recipe book off the shelf.
"I love you too," Rosie said before letting go of his hand and running back over to John, latching onto his hand. "Daddy!"
"Look, I can't let the kid in." Lestrade said holding his hand out stopping Atlas from continuing any further.
"Do you want a hot water bottle?" John said before glancing at Isla to catch her attention. "I'm sure Aunty Isla has one."
Seventeen minutes after the class began and she watched as the pieces were sprinkled onto the floor.
"What happened to your hands?" Sherlock asked looking at Rosie's hands, and feeling her knee. "And your knee."
Atlas found herself with a daisy crown on her head, laughing with her friends. Soon though, she tired and Sammy saw as she slouched against him and her eyes began to droop.
"I know." John said reaching out a hand and squeezing her shoulder. "Can I hear the one your working on?" Atlas' face flickered and registered multiple emotions.
"Have you lost your speech?" Sammy asked gently and Atlas opened her mouth to speak and ended up just nodding.
John nodded as he looks at her. "I need to ask you a question and I need you to answer it honestly." Atlas nodded. "How long did you have the pain?"
"It depends...she could experience hallucinations, uncontrollable eye movements, seizures not caused by her condition, cardiac arrest, there is quite a long line. We don't know how the poison was been administered, how long and I know you can't help us with it. I respect that." He paused and looked around the room. "At the moment, it is recommended that we only have two people visiting her. Keep the stress down and from the information we have gathered, we think after a few days of being unconcious, it would be malpractice to now overwhelm her in any way."
"I'll buy the tickets and send you through the code." Sherlock said with a weak smile before going through all the necessary trips. "Me or John will be at the station to pick you up, alright?"
The group swerved through crowds to the section about the planet Jupiter and it's many rings and many moons. Unusually nobody in the museum had approached Sherlock for a photo or autograph yet but that didn't mean it wasn't going to happen. They were messing around with these silver balls, putting them down a spiral bowl and watching there movements as they went.
"Again, she's drowsy and we're going to need to monitor her for a wee while, but you should be okay to go back home soon," Dr Khris smiled before nodding and leaving.
Preparations were in place as John and Mrs Hudson attempted to cook some food to put out as a help-yourself. Sherlock had already made something, and to Atlas' surprise he was a rather good cook.
"You. Care to join me on my evening ramble." Sherlock asked kindly before his mother nodded and got up from her seated position. Timothy and Wanda shared a look before she left the living room to prepare for the cold British air.
"ATLAS!?" John called out into the house, frowning when he didn't hear her reply. He remembered the last time. And getting slightly worked up, he made his way up the stairs. "Sweetheart?"
SHERLOCK glanced down at his hand, where his ring was glinting under the sun. His fingers were linked in John's as they sat on white, metal chairs next to a white metal table. Around them, people milled about sharing laughter and smiles.
"Thank you. Quite a feat to pull off under my nose." Atlas explained as she looked around the somewhat stuffy room, each man smiling back at her. Mrs Hudson seemed to be smiling too as she approached the girl with some tea.
"Have I...I don't understand...John...please, I don't understand." Sherlock said sitting on the end of the bed seat. Running his hands over his face and breathing into them.
"To whom is that addressed?" Wanda asked, knowing better than to jump to conclusions when it came to Sherlock.
"It's quite funny 'cause Ro picks her up and carries her around by her armpits and she doesn't seem to care, just purrs," Sammy smiled. "Oh, the simplicity of animal life."
"Okay." Rosie smiled before herself and John began leading everyone up the stairs and onto the music landing.
"John," Sherlock said again as John just whispered to him, grounding him in the present. "Thank you."
"Your asking?" Atlas asked as she rose again to meet his straightened form. Sherlock nodded, opened his arms and beckoned for Atlas to enter. Doing so, he rubbed at her back and Atlas slipped her arms around him. "You came back."
"Well, I was going to be eating alone," Lucy smiled and signed. "Everyone is off doing things tonight and Xerxes' dad is offshore."
"Hello." Atlas squeaked when she saw the woman, before she ducked behind John and looked at some of the stuff on the shelf.
"Papa." Atlas replied. "If that's ok? I don't - I really don't want someone I don't know touching me."
"Same course as Atlas. English Literature, History and Politics." He replied quickly. "No good at sciences." Atlas and himself exchanged a laugh.
Well, quiet till Atlas sneezed into her elbow and immediately put a hand to her side, wincing in pain.
One five minute jog later and he turned up at the college, running a haphazard hand through his hair. He spotted John outside the main reception's door, he looked just as surprised.
"Why didn't you mention that the seizures had infact gotten worse?" John quizzed Atlas looked up suddenly, before frowning.
Xerxes tapped Rosie's shoulder. "Your very pretty, Rosie. And is this Jeff, who you keep mentioning?"
"She's awake." The young man smiled as John came to stand next to Sherlock. They waited expectantly for the nurse to continue. "We've removed the intubation tube." Everyone's eyes in the room lit up. "But...there is still a long road. We have a list of possible outcomes that could possibly happen and I need to stress now that...for all that this is a step in the right direction...there is an unfortunate chance that she may still experience extreme stress. And there is a rare chance of death."
"Atlas knows." Sherlock said sincerely as they headed under the trees. Letting the dog off the lead to go off and run around.
"Alright," Sherlock said. "This has to sit a while before I can hoover it off, but we missed Gogglebox last night, shall we go catch it on ITV Player?"
"In here?" Rosie asked, the bowl of flour poised over the top of the bowl. Atlas nodded as the girl put it into the mix, giggling as some of it spilled out beyond the bowl. She teetered on the chair before she steadied herself and giggled some more. They mixed it in, creating the batter before stopping. Atlas then proceeded to put cases in the tray and they filled them up before putting them in the oven. Together they sat in the living room, before Atlas got up and played the piano, Rosie getting up to dance around doing her own version of ballet moves. She played some Chopin Waltzes before jumping over to the contemporary world of Einaudi.
"Of course we can. He'll be mad I had a book all this time and never told him about you. I mean, this would have been good evidence." Sherlock laughed deeply, his strong hands gripping the book. Atlas sat in the middle, John's arm coming round her shoulder as he kissed her temple, Sherlock handing the book to her.
"You don't ever have to forget them. But we're your family now and we will always be here for you and we will
Climbing off Sherlock, John arranged his pillows so that he sat up in bed slightly and Sherlock did the same. For a moment, they sat in silence before Sherlock turned over, looked at John and reached out his arm. John then slipped against it and lay facing his husband.
"Thank you," Atlas smiled. "Thank you." She said again pulling away, she collected the flowers and handed her dad the caffeine. "It was nice to see you."
"No-one knows," Atlas explained, jumping in as she saw her dad and John faltering on how to answer. "Maybe it's a coping system. When your young it's things your afraid are going to happen. When your older, it's things that have happened, or what may happen as a consequence." Atlas explained, Rosie smiling through her tear stained face at Atlas.
When she returned downstairs her hair was indeed nothing but frizz and she sighed. Carrying a hairbrush and two hair bobbles she plonked herself by Sherlock's feet where he sat reading a book on the sofa. Harry and Jo were about, with Rosie currently showing them all her schoolwork that she'd been doing and the picture's she'd drawn which had been pegged to a long piece of painted wood. The wood was painted like the sea, with a toppling boat, one of Atlas's and Rosie's many joint comissions.
"Atlas?" Sherlock said before she began to seize. It was little, jerky movements that's all, and when the doctor came in, he didn't want to dose her. He wanted to wait and see if it stopped.
"Sammy, what's wrong?" Atlas whispered before Rosie blinked her eyes open and rolled over to look at Sammy.
"MUM, stay on the phone to me." John said into the phone as Sherlock tapped his fingers anxiously on the steering wheel. Pride overwhelmed John as he looked over to Sherlock who had gotten out of bed and come with him without a berating word and who, was now placing a hand on his knee and rubbing with his thumb.
When she reappeared she climbed into Sherlock's lap, and watched the night sky as it illuminated with freckles of light. Everyone watched the sky before conversations were struck up as alcohol was retrieved from the house. Sherlock however didn't drink, wanting to keep Rosie secure in his lap. As children often did, she wasn't fond of the smell of alcohol in any form.
"No." John replied quickly. "If it's alright with you. We want them here." He slung an arm around Sammy's shoulder. "With us."
"Atlas, sweetheart, are you alright?" John asked Atlas who finally looked up, opened her eyes before shutting them and going back go sleep.
"The light on the fire alarm...." Atlas said, pausing in thought as she looked around. "The blinds and....oh, your tie!"
"I've got the beginnings of a migraine too." Atlas quipped. "Just so you know, sometimes it makes me feel sick or sometimes I am sick."
"Mrs Hudson!" Atlas mockingly shouted, lifting her mask off her face, a chuckle lying underneath. Mrs Hudson gave a smile at the wide eyed teen.
"He was...well...the first person to love me...properly...after you," Atlas said, half looking at her dad and half looking at the duvet cover. "And then he died but he gave me that photo of us together and Whisper and my dragon toy, he was called Peter. Y'know cause of..." She gestured about the room.
"I know, love." John whispered, Sherlock letting out a little sob in the small silence that follows. "I didn't like her." There was another little cry. "She offered me her number, but I gave it back." John rubbed his chest.
even more worrying was that she knew how all the gizmo's and gadget's actually worked barring a few.
And there you have it. The highest form of apology ever uttered by a Holmes. Admitting the other is right is something every Holmes would struggle with, whether they admit it, or not.
"I think I'll check on her," Sherlock said before disappearing up the stairs. When he knocked lightly, it was to a light grumble before he slipped into the room that was currently being occupied by his three children. "Alright?"
Atlas shared a small smile with Sherlock which he returned despite ascending into a complicated section.
"Because he can't. Because it's not going to go away. Having a seizure or a fit or a convulsion or whatever you want to call it, in my case, is sorted and reduced through medication. Having one today, means my GP, who is not papa because that's not allowed, got it wrong. And that the medication I am on to reduce the reaction in my brain to certain situations isn't working." Atlas said quietly. "And I know that's hard to understand but having a fit doesn't make me ill. I'm not ill, okay. I'm fine."
"I know." Atlas replied as they turned over a bridge, now starting to reach the views over the sea. She looked at her dad curiously as he smiled at her. Before Atlas could formulate another question, Sherlock and her took a stop at a bench and looked out across the sea. They had not yet reached the furthest and final destination, but the view was spectacular at this point. They would sit here a while and then maybe continue on further.
"Alright," Sherlock smiled before he turned on his heel, his coat flouncing behind him as he headed for the door.
"I believe Mrs Hudson requested your assistance with some baking. Shall we go and see her?" Sherlock asked, Rosie nodding enthusiastically as she got off of his lap.
"Mycroft, Timothy and Wanda are coming along towards the end of the week and then seeing as me and Sally Donovan have been getting along recently. She said she'd come too." Sherlock sighed. "Eurus is in charge of the painting and colour and detail. I've put you alongside her and Wanda. Like a project manager." They laughed. "Greg, Timothy and Sally are really there for the hands on approach. Don't know why I asked Mycroft to come around, he'll probably just sit and dictate to us all."
"That was your way of saying, 'please give me a hug because I'm sad but I won't say why, but can I have a hug anyway?'" A brief pause of mild satisfaction. "Wasn't it?" John smiled as Atlas nodded against him. "What's up then?" He rested two arms around her waist and pulled her to him.
"Like...well that." John said pointedly when Sherlock smiled and went back to what he was doing. His eyes looking at John pleadingly.
"Alright," Sherlock said as he looked at her, taking up his violin and started to play. And soon enough, Atlas was joining in and making the duet and she shared a bright smile with him.
"Yeah." Atlas said as they began the rather long walk to the cottage. "You know, you didn't have to take me with you."
"Well here's your violin." Sammy said. "Message me yeah? Or maybe we could face time tonight, I need to get that girl's face out my mind."
SHERLOCK didn't get to see her. Not while they checked her over and not until they had her placed in her own room. She was out of it, doped high on morphine for some pain that she'd been washed in and a relaxant.
"I..." John began, Timothy standing from his bent over position at the vegetables. "Would...yoursonhasaskedmetomarryhimandIhavesaidyes." The words game out fast in a garbled, confusing mess.Timothy's eyes going wide as he realised what he had said. Timothy looked away for a moment before looking back at John as worry painted his face.
are not loosing it. Infact, right now, right now we make a pact, that we don't walk away. Okay? We don't walk away from a fight with each other or our kids or just our family in general."
"Pa." Atlas replied sternly. "You are the joint greatest man I know - the other obviously being dad-"
"Nice to meet you." Atlas said as she approached Molly and shook her hand. There seemed to be an exchanged smile between the two and a lingering handshake.
"Yeah." Sherlock smiled. "Atlas. She's called Atlas." John came over with Jo and helped her into the other backseat of the car. "I've just officially adopted Rosie and John just applied to adopt Atlas." Sherlock grinned before hopping back into the driver's seat.
"That would be nice. Get Rosie and Sam out in the fresh air too!" He called back with a grin before going to get Atlas.
"Atlas." The nurse smiled, or at least she guessed he smiled. "Can you remember anything that's just happened?"
"I'LL...ummm...yeah...I'll take Rosie to school. Sammy?" Sherlock said over the island, Sammy spinning to look at him. "Ready to go?"
"I'm Bi." John said on their walk home. "So...not gay." He laughed, Sherlock accompanied with a baritone chuckle and they looked at the sky. Something to admire in this moment of rare peace.
SHE couldn't get warm, not until John turned up and sat on the back of the ambulance with her. He'd just seen Sherlock who'd been cleared of any concussion.
"John." She said, her voice hard. "I don't think the medication is working properly." Admittance flowed through her voice.
"Hello dear." The woman chimed, squatting down to her height and taking the girl into her arms. The girl then pecked her cheek before bouncing her way off to Timothy and doing more of the same. "She's going to be a firecracker."
"Samuel Walters." He said presenting a hand and shaking hers before they all looked across to the others in their class. "What do you take?"
"Hey, it's okay, it's okay, Sherlock," Harry said just as Sammy came in and collapsed into Sherlock in a fit of sobs.
"John told me about the seizures." Sherlock whispered softly as he bent down to Atlas' eye level and looked at what she was looking at.
She didn't push it by sending another message and instead followed her father out the gate and started to walk along the pavement.
"I'm going to sit on the sofa but I need the loo, I'll be back in a moment," Atlas said before she disappeared. John settled on the sofa, found his playlist and just a moment later, Atlas returned. Hopping onto the sofa next to him, she tucked herself up and leaned into him as she took an offered earplug.
"Right." Sherlock said, after five minutes. The silence thickening the tension. He didn't know what to say. How to say everything without sounding rude? "And your sure?"
"I need to retrieve something from the car." Timothy said in his ever mysterious way as he exited the building, not collecting his jacket.
"What are you shouting for?" Mrs Hudson asked bustling down the hallway to greet the girl. Atlas was in her short burgundy coat with a light grey beanie.
"YOU know, if you wanted to talk to me, you should have just ambushed me in the street or something." Atlas said smartly as she walked into the room the mass of hallways led to. "For the life of me back there, I didn't know who the hell you were."
"We're engaged." John smiled as he looked up at Sherlock, who's mouth was threatening to tear into a smile. "We have planned how we're doing it and it's going to be just us two, Rosie and Atlas at the registry office and then we're going to have a get together the day after here at the house. Friends and family, all that."
SHE was awake, sweating and feeling the most nauseous she had ever been during a migraine. Slowly, she got onto two wobbly feet and made her way to the bathroom. Sitting down by the toilet she lay her head against the tiles as her head pounded. She wanted to cry. She wanted her dads.
"Daddy, daddy," Rosie squealed clamouring off the stool and running over. He lifted her up as she plunged her little hands into his remaining curls.
"I...I...love...you...but I...I've only...just got her back." Sherlock garbled out pulling at his hair with his right hand.
He entered, his feet unable to stop running. But he stopped dead when he saw them sitting eating in the family room. Should he enter?
"Bless her," Wanda said quietly sitting onto the bed. "Jesus, we keep saying it must have been hard on you, Rosie, John, Sherlock but hell, I didn't even consider what it would be like for her. Sherlock never liked it when his body resented him, repelled against him and Atlas's has been doing it to her for nearly two and a half months."
And also quick disclaimer! I'm aware that most foster homes and adoption placements are not like this!
"This must be your devil spawn. So you can't be a virgin. Thought you were gay though, must be an accident." He joked gesturing to Atlas, who smirked at him, like she knew what do to next. "Just like your father eh?"
On one side of the room there was a full wall length one way mirror. And on the other side the remainder of Atlas' family watched, Sherlock keeping Rosie's eyes covered. Mr and Mrs Peterson
"It's beautiful." John said as they walked up the front path and he looked over to the drive where he saw their old blue Skoda Fabia parked on the brick. Sherlock nodded as he opened the door, which was a dark wood finish, and entered the lobby. It was a large space that Sherlock had decided to put a coat rack and shoe rack within - the coat rack on the wall of the stairs. A long plank of wood with various hooks along it with a plank of wood lower down the wall. John saw some of Rosie's jackets and fleece's already hung up and saw his own, Sherlock and Atlas' jackets too. He smiled to himself as he saw the dog lead draped over one of the hooks aswell.
"Nah," Sherlock said as he disappeared and collected his Bellstaff from the backseat, swinging it onto his shoulders. "This is alright, it's my trusty coat."
"Bed, John?" Sherlock asked gently before he spotted the mugs of tea. "May we take these upstairs with us? We've had quite a long day."
"Thank you." Mrs Pertwee said harshly, standing. Atlas glanced around the room again before coming to the realisation that Mrs Pertwee was infact one of the head of years for Lower Sixth. Oh, that explains the office. "Are you a Holmes?"
John began the book for Rosie who listened intently to the story. She giggled when they described Bilbo, the picture of a short man with large feet and chestnut curls. Sherlock took over reading for a while as he was the best at doing the voices of all the dwarves. They journeyed through Gandalf and the dwarves recking Bilbo's house, sang 'Blunt The Knives' in an out of tune melody before settling back into the book.
"Papa!" Atlas exclaimed upon seeing him. "Are you alright!? Are you okay!? Did you sleep okay!? Are you alright!?"
"You've beaten Mycroft, that'll please you, Sherlock." Wanda said glancing in Sherlock's direction as he nodded. Atlas studied the behaviours as she connected the dots.
"Okay," Rosie said before picking up the phone and turning it onto camera view. "This is the room that me, Sam and Atlas are in." She said before pointing it at her two siblings who waved at the camera. "There's Redbeard. He goes everywhere with Atlas at the moment." Rosie then took them into the hallway where she pointed the camera at Harry. "This is Aunty Harry."
THE HISSING of a voice in the dark stirred John suddenly and he woke up razor sharp and ready. Only to see a dimly lit blonde haired, green eyed boy staring at him.
"It would be an honour." Sherlock smiled as he held out an arm. Atlas latched onto it and he held onto her. "Walk or wheelchair."
"No, that's not fair. We probably won't." Sherlock insisted shuffling in his seat. "Your getting married too." John slipped out his seat, and pulled the puffet up to opposite him. It was new, a buy of Sherlock's for Rosie to sit on or for John to put his feet up.
The layout of the house had been edited. Please do not hesitate to tell me if I have completed missed a detail or if it doesn't make sense. 😄🤗
Around ten minutes after their arrival, Atlas and Timothy could be heard entering the building. Their footsteps approached the steps before the door opened and in stepped Atlas and Timothy. They hung their jackets on the rack before stopping as they saw their new guests.
"Imagine my fingers are a gun." Mrs Pertwee said, Atlas looking over to Sammy for reassurance. He nodded once.
Climbing into bed a few moments later, John lay in Sherlock's embrace for the second time that night. He continued to cry and Sherlock continued to hold him, muttering random facts that Sherlock knew would calm his fiance down.
"Hello." Doctor Aduba smiled, standing at the end of his bed. "So, your CT scan has shown us something quite interesting but we need to run a few physical tests before making a final diagnosis. As I'm a pediatrician, I'm not qualified to run these tests but our neurology surgeon is going to come in and see you once we think your clear of the poison symptoms because, as is always the way, there are crossovers between the symptoms of what we are looking for and other potential diagnoses."
"Yeah." Atlas sighed as Sherlock continued to plait her hair, tugging gently as he tucked the strands over, round and down.
"Atlas," Sammy repeated and he could hear Rosie squealing downstairs. He heard Mycroft announce himself behind them with Wanda.
"A P." John responded looking over to Sherlock who sighed. He sat down next to John who had Rosie on his lap.
"Let me look." He said before assessing it and realising it was her shoulder that had popped out. There were no pain killers but they both knew it would hurt less once it was back in.
"It's just hard," He whispered, resting his chin on John's sternum with his forehead pressed against his lips.
"I just, sorry. Oh shit. What have I done? I'm not good with all this. What happened the first time? No, Sherlock, don't think about the first time Mary-Anne was a psychopath." He said, pacing the pebbles, his eyes cloudy as he trudged anxiously.
"Oh, Ida." Mycroft said sitting on the bed and gathering her into his arms. He rubbed her back gently yet firmly and kissed her temple.
"Okay, Atlas, we're going to move you onto your side." Jen said kindly and Atlas nodded once. She was moved onto her shoulder and her legs rearranged neatly so she couldn't tumble. Fatigue began to seep into the edges of her vision and before long she was having a light shone in her eyes.
"She's definitely yours though." Eurus added, laughing as Sherlock smiled at her. Mycroft looked like he was softening but then he turned on his heel and left, beckoning Eurus to follow.
"Sherlock, you need to hurry." John announced as he glanced at the clock which had now reached one minute. Atlas began to tremble and let out a quiet whimper as she focused on looking at John.
"Mr Holmes! Miss Holmes! What do you say to these claims?" The man said running over to them again and standing in their way.
"It will be a minimum of another two weeks, but with this blood in your vomit...we don't know." Dr Aduba frowned before he turned on his heel and left with the basin.
"That's quite clever." Wanda said after some time of silence. Sherlock sat silent in his chair searching. Searching his hard drive, his mind palace. Anywhere for this meeting and then he found it.
"Well, come on then," Sherlock said standing infront of her. "Your allowed to be grumpy just don't be mean." He offered a hand which she took gladly as she stood. "Let's go back, it's getting a bit chilly in here."
I know its rubbish. Kind reminder again that I am not in the English school system, but the Scottish. I would also like to say that, I do not know the whole Upper Sixth/Lower Sixth idea.
"If you and Sammy measure out the ingredients and then me and Rosie can mix it all together." John said to Atlas as Mycroft and Eurus came in. "And can you two do the cutting up of toppings. Have a look in the fridge."
"Your not mad, are you?" Atlas asked looking at her parents. Sherlock presenting a confused face, whereas John shook his head looking at her. Then when he saw that her face was still fallen, his smile that had painted his face now disappearing.
"Ida Atlas Elizabeth Holmes. But people call me just Atlas." Atlas said taking the hand and shaking it.
"I was thinking guest room. Keeps whoever we have over self-contained if you will." Atlas gave a smile as Sherlock said it, nodding.
"No, no," John chuckled. "It isn't a bad thing, love. It's a very very good thing. It means I love you."
"Of course," Ruth smiled. "You have an unbelievable talent and this sense of style that I haven't seen before."
"Can't be! Is that you Atlas Holmes?" The man exclaimed bustling round the counter to get a proper look at her.
"If anything I'm grateful. When we do get married. A wedding band will be enough." John stated looking at Sherlock, who smiled knowingly in return.
"I know, oh sweetheart, I know," Sherlock said, gathering her into his chest, her head resting against his shoulder. She sobbed harder when he put his chin on top of her head. "I've got you."
They all sang, smiling before Atlas sat up before falling forward onto her dad, he rubbed his hands over her back.
LATER still that evening, Sherlock sat on the bed, crossed legged reading a book. He'd already showered and brushed his teeth, changed and picked up from where he had finished reading his book. To John's amusement, Sherlock had started reading only one book at a time and not twelve, as for that was when he started getting overloaded with unimportant information. John was currently brushing his teeth and before long making his way over to the bed. He put a hand to his shoulder and swung his arm round, trying to release the pull in it.
Sherlock smiled before he took John's hand and led him along the landing walkway. John looked over to where he could see the stairs came up from the lobby and he spotted two chairs with a little nightstand separating them. One was yellow, one blue with a picture above them. They walked along the long hallway and Sherlock showed John into the spare bedroom with an en suite. Then Sherlock took him into Rosie's room all bright yellow and colourful. Sherlock explained how the bed was once his and pretty much explained everything else.
"That's alright, just try to grab some sleep," Sherlock said, rubbing a hand along her arm. "It'll help."
In the bathroom, he found himself staring at his reflection and complexion that was pasty. Gripping onto the edge of the sink he took a deep breath, in through his nose and out through his mouth. But it wasn't working and he heard John knocking on the door. The
"Taking a photo because right now is a little bit happy," Sherlock said as he took another one just as the pair began to laugh again. "We need to capture it, I think."
"Yeah, but my legs hurt now," Atlas said stiffly before noticing the woman and she gave a grimaced smile.
"I was going to text you but then Atlas told me not to because you were having such a shit day and it all got out of hand." Sherlock sighed, looking at John. Patiently, the older man waited for Sherlock to continue. "She had a seizure."
"YOU can go back to bed." John said getting up the morning to be faced with a tired eyed teenager with messy hair.
"Leanne Walters." The woman said taking it, Atlas reading her like an open book before scolding herself for doing so.
Meanwhile, Sammy had just entered Atlas' room and he smiled as he saw the spare bed that had been put up on a base that was elevated to the same height as Atlas'. The covers were neat and tidy and the bookcase that normally sat against that wall had been pushed to create the normally wide space at the end of Atlas' bed to the width of a person. The side table has been moved to the other side to be shared between Sammy and Atlas, whilst the chair was now on the other side. Next to Sammy's bed, the window seat was neatly made up and Sammy could see all of Atlas' bits and bobs gathered up. Her chest of drawers were where they always were, lined up on the side of the door.
Around half an hour later Sherlock began to stir, his mouth smiling slightly. Abruptly, he sat, his eyes darting around the room before he joint a look with Atlas. Then he sat with his head in his hands as he rubbed his face free of sleep. He sighed while doing so, the other side of Sherlock coming through, the kinder side.
"I'll come back some other time. I'll be at Books & Beans on Brubeck street until he wants to speak." Atlas announced before picking up her large backpack and satchel and leaving the room. Atlas darted down the stairs, brushing away tears as they threatened, then fell from her eyes.
"Atlas?" Rosie asked beside her, the older girl casting her gaze down. Rosie's hair shone like gold under the new sun, similar to that of her fathers. Mary had been blonde, although the photos suggested this was not her natural colour. Rosie's most likely hair colour was a very light brown, that verges on blonde depending on the light, time of year and weather. This was like Atlas' and Sherlock's eyes, changing colour when they saw fit. Some days they were as blue as the sky, other days they looked a greeny blue like some form of Caribbean seaweed. Now, however they were a peaceful blue, not a storm or cold like ice. She didn't have to be neutral or a Robot around Rosie, around any of the people there with them at the lodge - or Molly, Lestrade or Martha.
SAMMY'S guitar was a pleasant change to the sounds of hurting people who's brains were falling apart. Of families losing children. Of people losing their loved ones. Sammy's guitar cut through the pain and made it into something Atlas deemed somewhat beautiful.
"Our shampoo. We've run out." Atlas said quickly and dramatically, as if it was the worst thing in the world, which, was debatable at this current moment in time. And when Sherlock's head of curls finally appeared, she realised that he'd obviously made do and used Rosie's child shampoo. His hair was a mass of frizzy curls that he'd obviously tried to calm down with some water or mousse, but that hadn't worked.
"Hop up and help me move this nearer the fire," Harry ordered and Sherlock and Atlas stood, pushing the sofa infront of the fire and grabbing a chair to move closer too.
While he waited for the kettle boiled they stood in an awkward silence. Atlas didn't really know what to bring up but before she could think of something, Sherlock spoke again.
"Thank you, love," Sherlock smiled before he looked at Rosie who looked like she was about to cry. "Go see papa for a hug, sweetheart." Giving a nod the young child went around and clamboured onto John's lap and leaned against him.
And if John's head didn't snap up faster than the speed of light. He'd never known they were a thing that happened to Sherlock and Atlas but he should have been able to see it. Or at least be suspicious that it was there, he was a doctor for God's sake.
"You mumble book quotes when you think no-one's looking." Atlas nodded her head to that as Rosie giggled. "Papi doesn't speak much anyway. Your more of a thinker."
"How...How are you?" Mycroft questioned, his mind not fully restored from seeing what he saw. Strangely he was subdued, this was not going unnoticed by Sherlock who approached his older brother with tentative care.
"Humans: you don't like them. Interaction: you detest. Why me? Why are you sitting with me?" Atlas asked.
Twenty four minutes after the class had began and she experienced a short absence seizure. Unnoticed.
"Yeah." Atlas sighed continuing to type away. "Tommorow I'm spending the day with Sammy and the others. Aba's moving."
"What are we supposed to do?" Eurus questioned, looking to the ceiling before back to her brother and their niece. The little girl was wearing her light blue jacket, Atlas her red - the two of them a perfect pair. Their minds focused for the youngest in their company for the time being - knowing that in time Atlas might just well need saving.
"I can't live without you either. But I also can't live without our children and seeing as one of our daughters is about to go into a serious surgery. Shall we go to her?" John said with a small smile.
"Will the surgery stop the seiz-sei- you know what I mean," Rosie said, clutching Jeff to her chest.
"Alright," John said filling the gap between his daughter and the doctor. "Enough, ask her the questions later. She's in pain right now, and this," he said gesturing to the room. "Is not going to help her and it's scaring her. It's
"Pescatarian. I'm enjoying it. Rosie and Atlas seem quite keen on being pescatarian. I think Sammy likes it." Sherlock said, Sammy giving a little nod. "Just getting John around to it."
Atlas stuttered a nod before leaning against John, sticky with blood. "And I feel gross and disgusting."
Before they started, Dr Young asked Atlas to remember three words. Cave, bicycle and house. Atlas committed them to memory before Dr Young started some tests.
"We should get you an award." Atlas joked, Lestrade squaring his eyebrows before realising he wasn't about to get an explanation. A few moments later one of his daughter's was tugging at his trouser leg and he made his departure.
"We believe that she pinned Mrs Pertwee up against the wall, arm behind her back." Mrs Frobisher sighed.
"I...I." Atlas began, but found that she was lost for words. For the first time in a long while her face was readable, and both men knew she was rather unhappy with this decision.
"Wake up. Wake up." He said lying her down on part of the cement. "Come on. " He put his ear down to her mouth and heard there was no breath. He checked the pulse. Nothing. Nothing at all. "No. No. No." He sobbed before pulling her into his arms and crying over her body. He clutched her to his chest, his mind running through all those memories with her. She was as much his as Rosie and he was trying as hard as possible to fight the tears. He couldn't tell how long he was sat there it could have been hours or minutes he couldn't tell. His daughter was dead. Dead as the murder victims he'd uncovered. Dead. D. E. A. D.
A moment later and Atlas' drooping eyes followed her father's movements as he cleared as much glass as he could without disturbing her.
"I thought I'd bring her by," Sammy whispered before he came over. "We miss her." He looked over to Atlas. "All the time."
"Your going to help me get revenge on the people who killed my son," Kirsty said a gun pointed at both of them.
Atlas then sat back down on her side of the booth just as a waitress appeared to ask for their order.
Atlas was busy writing another song in her bedroom with her small midi board she had received for christmas whilst John was in the kitchen and Sherlock was in his room. Rosie sat with a few colouring books and a big map that she was colouring in and naming. Admittedly she'd had to ask Atlas, John and Sherlock for help with some countries that she couldn't name.
"Not a good day," Atlas muttered as she drifted off to sleep, Sherlock's hand in her hair. Sammy, who had been sitting with Rosie, got up and lay down next to Atlas, his head resting on Sherlock's lower legs. He looked at her softly before he too shut his eyes.
Within moments the three of them were stood opposite each other in a triangle. Sherlock was pointing a gun at Mary-Anne and Mary-Anne at Atlas. It had quickly escalated into a complicated mess. The pair in an attempt to save Mary-Anne had managed to hack into the system and get on the other side of the glass. There, they waited as they saw each other eye to eye.
Atlas' room too, was nearly finished on Monday, but Sherlock had stopped himself. He wanted to surprise Atlas with her room, so, when she arrived in through the door directly from school - Sammy had given her a lift - he explicitly told her she wasn't to go in. He'd put up curtains and found the double bed that he was planning to give her - it had arrived earlier in the week - the bookcase from the storage unit and arranged her window seat with bright coloured cushions. Assembled a desk with Greg and opened a window to air the room from the smell of fresh paint. He still waited for the mattresses to arrive.
"Yes," Sherlock said before closing his eyes again. "Your a more motherly influence. I'm a more fatherly. I think. Stereotypically, fathers are like big kids. Let them stay up late, eat too much sugar, play chase and zombies and let them do stupid shit. Mothers don't. But mother's are the people who you hug when your sad and who give you money and who you apply to uni's with and ask for help with homework. We do a bit of both but I think that's the way it's split. Ask Sam and Atlas in the morning. Don't ask Ro, she's clever but I don't know if the question will make sense to her because she knows no different to having two dad's so she assumes that's the way we're supposed to behave. Sam's had the experience of both. Atlas has had the experience of all."
"I know." Mycroft whispered back as he gently, in a very non-Mycroft way, kissed her forehead and offered a hug. "Breathe, it's okay. Just breathe." There was a pause. "I think we need to call John."
"I didn't think I'd ever love someone that way, you taught me the opposite, you taught me I can," Sherlock smiled. "You taught me to be everything I am."
The clock was ticking by and she put the cupcakes to one side before looking over to the dog who was lying weirdly. She managed a little laugh before looking around the room. It had just gone four and she thought she would pick up 'Vanity Fair' and continue it. She curled into John's chair and read several chapters before Mrs Hudson bustled up.
"I love you too," John said back with a smile before sighing as Sherlock kissed each cheek in turn, making him giggle. "Oh, love, you are wonderful."
"Hey, love, remember none of this will ever be your fault," John said hopping onto the bed. "We both know how deep rooted the trauma is for her, she'll likely have it for a while. And she has recent trauma too. The poison won't have helped." Slipping under the covers, Sherlock followed, resting his head on John's chest, sniffing. "Alright, love."
"Atlas, you've had fits and seizures." Xerxes said in his poor speaking voice while signing. "You've had ill health."
"John! Sherlock!" Sammy shouted as he entered the waiting room a few moments later, calling out to the two men.
Sammy walked in, slowly, so slowly and carefully. And when he made it inside, he was afraid and sad and...
However, when the dog was asked to roll over he just lay there cocking his head to the side as he stared at her. It was obvious that that was as far as his training went but Atlas didn't mind.
"Most of the European ones fluently then also Russian, Mandarin both fluently. Little bits of most other languages too," Atlas said before she looked at John. "My head hurts."
"Well, we're taking you and Rosie to the Registry Office this afternoon." John said before Atlas' eyes went wide and she looked at him.
"My other boy!" Mrs Hudson smiled bustling over to John before clamping her hands either side of his face and kissing each of his cheeks in turn.
"Shouldn't be too long. Few days at most," Isla smiled. Our neighbours are going to run water up to us in a while. We've got a bit of power now but not much."
"Ahh, yes thank you." John led her through to the kitchen. "I don't know if Sherlock will be joining us. He's more of a child than an adult."
THE neurologist, Doctor Young came in that afternoon. Just before Mrs Hudson, with a sickly smile and a wide eyes. She was kind, Atlas had to admit, but she also scared her slightly. Probably not helped by the fact that Doctor Young insisted - and was right to - that Sherlock and John leave the room. Doctor Young then, helped her into the chair by her bed, and sat her down.
"I know, Sherlock," John said, trying to keep his cool. The people in the waiting room were beginning to look at them.
She thought about Rosie and Sammy next. Neither were blood relations but both were her siblings. Sammy, had been taken under the protective wing of her parents a while ago and Rosie had always been there. The added bonus was that she smelled like strawberry shampoo.
"Alright?" John asked but Sammy just shook his head. "Okay, shall we go downstairs and watch a film?"
"Stop looking at me," Atlas said looking up at him, fire dancing in her eyes. "Everyone stop looking at me."
"There are some chemicals that can create similar effects when put in a human system. They don't show up on tok screens and all that stuff." Eurus added. "I'm going to go tell the doctors."
"It'll be okay." Atlas sighed pulling John's hand closer to her chest, along with Sherlock's. "I'm still scared though." She admitted. "And I really want a proper hug. But I want it tommorow morning when I wake up, instead of now."
"Are you alright Atlas?" John asked kindly, placing a hand on her shoulder as she nodded her head. Sure she was nervous but part of her needed to see why she was left so young. She already understood Sherlock's motive's but she needed to know what her mother's was.
"I do not understand how you enjoy that stuff," Sherlock huffed as he slid the door open and exited. "Man, it's raining!" He exclaimed. "John Hamish Watson-Holmes, it's a good job I love you so much." He paused as he emerged, just a little soaked. "And a good job I love our daughter so much to be polite to her friends parents."
"I don't really -, I suppose -...look I've been thinking." John said, realising that now was as good a time as any. Atlas was out, Rosie downstairs with Mrs Hudson helping her prepare for Jem the cat. There were a few items she needed to purchase online to be fitted when she moved house in a few weeks.
Entering Atlas' room, John saw Atlas sleeping but mumbling in her sleep. Her arms and legs kept moving and he could see the strain on her face.
"But wasn't Mary your best friend?" She asked timidly, as if she was scared she was about to get shouted at for asking that question. 80% of the foster families she lived in would have shouted at her for even asking a simple question. 90% would shout at her for deducing something about someone else in the family or calling someone out for lying, because she knew they were.
"Are you sure?" Sammy asked. "I can live on my own but I don't know if I want to. And I could live on Jekyll Avenue but I'm not sure if I can without Georgia so that's why I want to be here. Well not here but at home with my other sisters...and well...you guys."
In the end the man was escorted out by the security guard and Atlas and Sherlock left contemplating and deducing the whole situation.
"Now you don't happen to be related to the detective are you?" His mother asked, Atlas being filled with an air of uncertainess as she contemplated an appropriate answer. Her father had made enough enemies to kill her several times over. "Only, my late husband went to school with him. That's all."
"At! At! At!" Rosie screeched running before stopping in her tracks not even a foot from her. Her face fell and she tilted her head like the dog would when he saw something new - innocent. "What happened?"
"HELLO." John smiled when he saw Leanne Walters walk into his GP room. He tried to look bright. He tried to smile. Standing, he shook Leanne's hand with a smile. "It's been a little while since I last saw you."
"I have something I need to tell you all." John said smiling as he looked across everyone. His parents however made him frown. "Me and Sherlock are,"
There was a pause of silence. "Sorry." Atlas said quietly, John coming to the realisation that she didn't mean to offend him. Or hurt him. Neither her nor her father ever did. They never meant to, they almost always had the best interests in mind. He rubbed her arm and pulled her back against him.
And when they did sleep, the light was on at the side of the room and Sherlock was still half in his casual clothes, half pyjamas.
"It'll make more sense with the piano underneath." Atlas explained before lowering her voice. "And with the singing over the top."
"Alright, sweetheart?" Jo asked as Atlas pulled away and she brushed the hair out of her granddaughters eyes. Atlas nodded before hugging her again.
"Yep," Atlas grinned hopping into the front seat. "The new meds seem to be working well for me too. Less pain."
"Rosie." Mycroft began gravely, the young girl shuffling on his shoulders. "You're going to have to take a really big breath soon. Okay?" The young girl understood her uncle wouldn't see the nod of a head so instead produced a thumbs up before his eyes. Mycroft gave a soft, half-hearted chuckle before the water started to swill around his neck.
"Nice to meet you too." Atlas said somewhat bitterly as Lestrade gave her a look. Then he turned his eyes to meet the female officer.
"Because, you have to and you will be in that danger zone after the inevitable happens and because what I'm about to tell you is something I want, but not something you will." Sammy said quietly, there was a brief pause. "I want to," he inhaled and coughed sharply. "Live with Atlas."
Sherlock held out an arm and flicked his wrist once beckoning his daughter over. She climbed into the small gap between her parents and hugged them in turn. There was a long drawn out silence, filled with thoughts before Atlas stirred again.
ATLAS woke. Her bedroom feeling unusually cold and she shook. Dragging her hand down her side her hand brushed against something else. Confused she moved her fingers over the sheet her hands came across another unknown object. She shook internally before bringing up enough courage to look to her left. A silhouette of a face and Atlas just looked at it.
ATLAS looked at John with a weak smile as she lay on the bed, her hand in his. But something was stirring in her stomach and she sat up quiet quickly.
"I love you too." He whispered into her hair after pulling her in for a third hug. "Do you want to say anything?" Atlas pulled away looking confused. "Before she's gone." He added looking to where the new speckles of rain were starting to wash the ashes away.
"Two pills that provide the same effect as the other kind." Sherlock said as he leaned against the counter in the kitchen. He had his arms folded across his chest as he looked over to Atlas who nodded as she removed her hand. She held out her hands as they shook before she scrunched them into a fist.
"Ostinato." Atlas finished for her. "It's called an Ostinato in classical music." There was a pause. "Hey, Ro?"
Sherlock sat back and watched as the nurse strapped Atlas' arm, tapped and pushed the needle in. The sickening noise of the tap, brought the poisoning home.
"We just watched through an episode of Game Of Thrones on catch up. Forcing your dad to watch it." John smirked putting the mugs into the sink. Atlas knew that both men had spotted the hot water bottle, that she had taken Ibuprofen - of course they knew this in different ways - and she sighed. Both men looked at her, expecting her to speak.
They followed her into the open space with big windows looking over to the views of mountains and rivers. They went over to the window. There was a balcony behind them as a secondary seating area and a little kitchen. The master bedroom and en-suite found itself situated upstairs whilst the two other rooms were downstairs with the main bathroom. There was storage throughout.
"Like your mother." Atlas replied quietly, looking over to John who was stealthily avoiding eye contact.
"How's Atlas?" Wanda asked, her mouth turning upwards slightly at the thought. Herself and Timothy knew Sherlock had a kid, but through much discussion they knew it was best to not tell Mycroft. They'd met Atlas the day she was born and seen her until the age of seven before Sherlock gave her up for adoption. There were no photos of them with her. Then all ties were severed. It was a pure stroke of luck that Atlas had run away from her foster placement in search for Sherlock. In some ways they were indebted to their oldest son for his quick discussion with the adoption agencies to allow Atlas to stay. It wasn't easy but something obviously gave her the motivation to achieve it.
For the first time in ages the group were finally able to sit down and have an undisturbed meal. Be able to talk genuinely to one another and laugh. Atlas wasn't alone here like she was with the Maloney's or the Harrison's. She was home. She wasn't at fear of being beaten or shouted at like she was at the Patterson's or the Brown's. She was safe. And lastly she didn't fear for her life and sanity like she did when she stayed with the Morrison's and Sangster's.
"Alright. Do you want a hand back to the bed?" Dr Young asked, Atlas nodding before she was helped back into the bed, swinging her legs onto the bed.
"He's not dead." She remarked again looking at John seriously. "He's armed, I'm sure." Sherlock pulled back the covers after putting on his leather gloves. Beneath the covers the body was revealed to be fully clothed in a suit and tie. It looked as thought he'd been purposefully lain there.
form of school work." John said, closing it again and taking the laptop from her and putting it back over on the coffee table. "I'll help you with that essay you were doing on Pieper. I think I have a documentary on it with the original footage on it. We can look at it on the weekend?"
"Atlas. It's ok. Listen to me," Eurus squatted down by her knees and held them. "Atlas, sweetheart, listen to me. Your ok."
"Then this won't hurt a bit." Mary-Anne said pulling a gun to her own head making Atlas and Sherlock jump.
"Some of the things that used to happen when she had a seizure...doesn't matter...I just..." Sherlock stuttered through.
"I love you," John whispered down to her and then he looked over at Sherlock. "And I love you too." Sherlock nodded back to John before he leaned over and kissed his cheek.
"Oh love." John said, the first person to appear, as Atlas gave a little whimper cry. He was by her side in no time, a hand on her shoulder. Sherlock stood in the doorway before getting a hair bobble from the pot on the side and kneeling down on the other side of his daughter. He fashioned her hair into a low ponytail before Rosie sat on the edge of the bath, fidgeting with Jeff.
The girl smiled at John again, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear. Her green eyes shining in the sun light, dark hair shoulder length and straight. John smiled again before thinking of how to strike up conversation.
"No." He said quietly, looking over at his parents and now Eurus who had just come in the back door.
"Atlas?" Sammy asked looking in the door to see her sitting in her window seat with her head in her hands. He was just about to enter when he felt a little hand take him and lead him inside. Realising it was Rosie he pulled his hand out her grasp, shut the door and walked over.
"It's alright." Sammy assured as he rubbed her back. She reached out a hand to take his as she dry heaved into the basin.
