"Oh? Which part?"
The answer made Cas’ face turned another darker shade of scarlet. “Thank you, Dean.”
"It was when Billie came for Cas and me," he started and tried hard to keep his voice steady. "The deal Cas had with The Empty was to exchange Jack with his happiness. Now, Jack, I really don't blame you here, Cas was just
Dean felt like a deer that got caught in the headlights, “I don’t know, maybe seeing me and this person having dinner together might made you bored and sick?”
Cas also didn't know what to respond to that, so the first reaction he made was giggling.
"So," Bela broke the silence and took the page with the Death summoning spell. "You want me to get the ingredients to summon Death - which this is the list - so you can go to The Empty to rescue your angel boyfriend? No problemo, Dean, I'll be back in a jiff."
They shared a kiss, a soft and light kiss that was hardly accompanied with opened mouths and exploring tongues. It was only them exchanging light pecks.
“Oh?” he let out a respond that sounded more like a squeak, and he quickly covered with a soft cough. He didn’t have to turn his face to know that Balthazar, on the other hand, had an excited expression.
"Amara said that she didn't know much about the place as well. Do you think Chuck made the place or did it exist at the same time as Chuck and Amara?"
“What? Sammy!”
"He looked intact. So, I gather the plan worked perfectly, Dean?" Rowena smiled as she saw Dean looked bashful and awkward before addressing Crowley with a knowing smile.
* * *
Dean chuckled at her comment, "I'm sure Rowena was fond of Sam for a long time, not in that way, mind you. Maybe she saw potential in him, or she just liked to tease him."
As they walked, Charlie hooked her arms to each Dean’s and Sam’s, “I’m so glad you met Castiel, Dean. You guys looked really good together. And that friend of yours, Balthazar, he’s cool.”
Again, he paused. Why did he say
say anything about it. It was strange that he didn't say anything at all to his little brother, one of the very few people that he could trust with anything, even his own life.
“Well, I know you,” he said while still trying to remember, then it hit him. “Jenny.”
"Dude, don't do that," Castiel snarked to his sister, then on the next moment he knew that he had to provide a good explanation of the sombre situation between him and Dean. "Yeah, I was showing Dean where we are in this Dutch-style map. Honestly, when did Mum and Dad buy this thing? It didn't look like this the last time we were here. Same as your hair, it didn't look
“Really? That’s interesting,” again, Benny nodded to the information. “Anyway, brother, I don’t think you should be upset at him for cancelling dinner. I’m sure it’s not his fault, considering the plan you two had made. You might scared him, though.”
“Anyway, I was watching Gabriel jumped himself to the incoming waves while walking around the beach, when I heard him shouted. And I froze, completely frozen, I didn’t know what happened. Gabriel came to me and he pointed to the sands next to me, and there it was … a fish breathing for his life, and about
Dean had to bit the insides on his cheeks to prevent himself from smiling so wide as Cas began babbling awkwardly. This was the sight that he had
one with sexuality issue.
“Jesus, you guys gonna wait for it to finish? I won’t,” Sam threw the dirty kitchen paper to the rubbish bin and washed his hands before walking out.
And be thankful that he wore the white robe that covered down to his lap. Not that Dean could see his lap from across the desk.
get attracted to man, besides Doctor Sexy, but he never had the need or want, or even the curiousity for the object of his attraction. He usually thought that it was merely admiration.
," the Castiel-like figure before him spoke in a voice that also sounded utterly different from Cas, with a peculiar accent that Dean couldn't place the origin.
way. Even so, Castiel knew that he had to keep it professional with his co-workers.
with him and Sammy. Is Cas a fan of
As he lowered the car window, Cas could feel goosebumps crept on his arms.
, in the bunker, all this time?” Rowena asked in amusement.
"No," this time it was Rowena who had her gears working hard, "that one, I can help you with it."
Even a
He won’t.
“Down the hall and turn left.”
The woman was as beautiful as Dean remembered. Her brunette hair was half pulled on a ponytail, while the rest of it was flawlessly down to her shoulders. She wore a low v-neck top covered with a body-fit black trench coat, she had the sleeve pulled up to the middle of her arm. Bela also paired the outfit with a short black and red tartan skirt and a pair of knee-length boots.
And Castiel would like him to stay longer, and more often.
“No, it’s only us. Thank you, Dean,” replied Claire.
you. We’re
He stopped stimulating Cas, and kissed the other man's full lips again, before asking, "Are you okay with this, Cas?"
Dean stopped and turned around while collecting himself not to shout or curse at the fallen God. “See, that’s not who I am.”
“How-how?
How did he … actually shown up
“Yeah, Dean said that you couldn’t make it, so he took me. Who knew you would be here already?” Balthazar tapped Cas’ hair, then styled it in a messy way.
Dean huffed and placed his face into the hook of his arm on the top of the Impala. “Cas, don’t scared me like that. I thought there was something happened to you.”
"No. It was dark and quiet. I didn't hear anything. I didn't know what she heard, what made her say it was loud."
It was another hour until Rowena called Dean and gave him the two spells that he needed for his plan.
"Dude, he's
"Good girl," Rowena received the bag, then she let Bela excuse herself to return to Hell. "Now, shall we begin the summoning?"
“What happened?” there was a slight tone of symphathy in Bela’s voice that made Dean felt like he was back in college, where he would sit in a park with Bela and Sammy with a six pack and they would bitch about their classes and (for Bela) her boyfriend(s).
Castiel could feel the hairs on the back of his neck rise when he heard Mick’s sensuous whisper that was thick with an Irish accent. He grinned as he walked past Mick, then turned around to face him while walking backwards, with the belt dangled from his pants, until the back of his legs hit the desk. He placed his hands on the table and licked his lips as he saw Mick take his fat penis out from his pants while moving forward.
The man before him blinked once and finally spoke, “Misha … Misha’s missing.”
“What about you? Something planned?”
"Thank you, Rowena. I owe you, a lot."
After the prisoner gave out the location of the barn, both brothers quickly made their way to the area, with the Impala that now seemed ten times dirtier than before. Even though it had only been two days since the pie fair.
didn't need to have to compensate for anything.
have his good night sleep because of this when Gabriel slide next to him, and crowding him to the armrest. “We are gonna talk about this
“Hey, Cas.”
Dean looked into the twin blue orbs that were Castiel’s eyes, and he could feel the words he had prepared to tell Cas just flew right out from his brain. Leaving him with the bare minimum knowledge of words to survive a conversation. “Cas, I-”
Every word that slipped out from Chuck Shurley’s mouth - The Words of
“That’s nice. Somewhere near the beach?”
“There you are,” Dean tried to talk as quiet as he could and scooped the kitten. “Come here, Cas is worried about you,” he put the kitten close to his chest and then looked for Cas. Dean was amazed when he couldn’t find Cas upstairs, but could hear his gravelly voice from the kitchen’s direction.
"Crowley?" Sam replied, and shrugged. "At least Bobby said that. Remember, we were at his home, and he received a package outside. Said it was from Crowley."
Surprisingly this didn’t bother Dean a little bit, especially if he remembered his past relationship, where he would be the protective and jealous one. Perhaps because it was Balthazar, one of his closest friends, and he knew that he was serious about having great care for Castiel.
Cas typed the reply soon after he finished reading.
by Taylor Swift, before continuing to the library and meeting the others.
Dean knocked on his brother’s door. It was almost eight in the morning, and Sam said the night before that he wanted to hitch a ride to work with Dean, who agreed as long as Sam would wake up earlier than he usually is.
The dark haired man used all his might not to moan when he felt the fingers travelled softly from his hair, to his cheek, and his lips. All he managed was closing his eyes and leaning to the touches on his face.
Relatives.
"Okay, have we found anything?"
"What about her? Him? Them?"
“Well, with him bugging you
happen again.”
He took his phone and keys, then picked up his jacket from the floor before walking out of the room quietly. With his eyes half-closed, he whispered "Please, let it be
“I could hear you laughing, Cassie. Okay, fine! I won’t bug you again. But, you have to call me as soon as he left, with
The taller man before him put his jacket on and returns his host’s smile, with an equally gorgeous one. “It’s great, Castiel. Thank you. And, uh … I meant it, you know. You have dinner at my place sometimes.”
Anyway, the health card in this chapter was actually a real thing here in Indonesia, and it came from the government for the people. It really helped for people in the lower economy life, and they were really happy about this card because it helped them for a better health treatment in a low cost (although i wasn't quite sure how low, but it was better than before this card was launched). The downside, as far as i can tell based on my friend's story who had tried this card, it really was as complicated as i mentioned in this chapter. If the patient weren't lucky, they can get bad services from the clinic before they get to the hospital.
“I just started, Dad took me to a putt-putt golf once, and I got hooked. Then he enrolled me in a course, so, yeah, I guess I play golf now, Uncle Cassie,” she smiled cheekily.
"Should be. I mean I summoned Death twice before, the most recent was when I asked him to send me away from Earth due to Mark of Cain in me, and," Dean paused abruptly. He suddenly remembered what happened when they summoned Death the first time, "The first time would be when, uh, when Bobby, Sam, and I wanted to kill Cas."
“Well, I don’t see why not to the idea,” Sam then sat on Dean’s bed and looked to Jack, “The Almighty.”
He never thought that he’d have another chance to see him. Castiel could never forget those beautiful eyes and mouth, and the way those lips pouted when he looked like having a serious thought. What would Castiel give to have those lushful eyes and lips above him, and to have him …
who I assume is still in last night’s clothes with all that bed hair?” he then claimed a seat across the beautiful woman. “And please, could you not make it sound weirder than it already is?”
A long sigh came from Dean’s side of the line, letting Cas knew that the PE Teacher was bumping himself down to the bed. “I’ll be free the whole next weekend, Cas, your call.”
At that remark, Castiel raised his hand to stop his daughter. “Wait, so is this place a bar or a BDSM club?”
Meanwhile, Crowley's.
“I don’t think there’s ever anything stupid when it comes to
“Doctor Novak?”
The young dentist took a long sigh when, for the sixteenth time in the past half hour, the two gentlemen on his left side mention a certain name of a jewellery ring-stone, which was a current favourite among men, said to bring good luck to the wearer. Castiel scoffed and unconsciously plays with the silver ring on his finger.
“You’re gonna tell him that he’s Gollum?” Dean raised his eyebrows.
"He's still an angel."
Sam took the card from his brother’s hand and examined it, “Oh, you’re gonna use this for your dentist appointment?”
month that they haven’t heard from their father. John Winchester just went off, God knows where, left Dean his Impala and vanished. Usually John would be back at least once a month, just to let his boys know that he’s still alive. But now it was only through text messages, and Dean decided that he shouldn’t be expecting him coming home soon.
“Sure, thank you, Dean.”
Dean can stepped inside the flat after Cas opened the door wider as an invitation, then he had Juliet barked excitedly at him. After he gave the mutt a friendly pat, the black dog went to the couch in front of the telly and sat there.
He never was the religious one in the family, but Castiel always thanked his father for giving him and his siblings the names of angels. And he knew he will always be fascinated by them. The angels, not his siblings.
That wasn't it. There was
Which suddenly reminded him … that they were completely hopeless on the
The two vamp-mimes brought him up to his feet, and that was the time he saw his brother started to awaken while trying to reach for his machete behind Jenny. The big brother realised that he had to buy time, then he decided to do just like with other cases, he tried to break the ice.
If he had to be honest, Cas might thought that if Dean was trying to make Cas smile during their dinner yesterday, then today he was on a mission to make him blush. Cas decided to shrug it off, since he could be wrong.
Cas stopped his Lincoln at the red light, and while he was waiting for it to turn green, he took out his phone and started to compose a message.
was better than anybody else?
get lucky as well.
From the way he replied, Dean assumed that Gabriel was out all night and was sleep-deprived, hence the temper. Or maybe he simply had no luck with women all night.
As their hands met, Castiel could feel an electric-like shiver slithered from the back of his neck and all along his spine. He felt like saying more words to Dean. He felt like explaining
Dean looked up to Rowena with a smile, “It was a tiring few days for us. Give the man a break, will you? I mean, he was quite upset after you were dead, you know?”
… that’s all he can remember.
“Dean Winchester,” Gabriel ignored his brother’s grunt, “Hey, Cas. Today’s good. Had lunch with Balthazar and Benny, and now I’m on my last period. Gabe and Claire are leaving already? It’s gonna be quiet at your place after they’re gone. Frowny face. Aww, Cassie, your boyfriend’s really sweet!”
Once again, Dean stopped, waiting for Sam to comment. Or asked anything. But his little brother was still quiet, so he took another breath before carrying on with his story.
“Would it be un-creepy if
“Shit!” Castiel jumped from his seat and took the half-emptied bottle up. “Tissue, tissue!”
"What did he do?"
“Huh?”
"Thank you, dove. Proceed."
“And I you, Cas.”
. The colours used to decorate, there were ribbons going here and there, random, yet quirky and beautiful. It took him a moment to realised that the large round shaped that was being held with a wooden stick was actually flowers, where The Caterpillar would sit and smoke. And get high.
According to the agreement that he had with his brother when one cooks then the other should do the dishes, then it would be on his next to-do list of the day, washing the dishes. Of course, as a food enthusiast, he couldn't let
could make deals with me."
The rest of the sentence was hung in the air, however the eye contact between them was not. “You live around here?” Dean continued and leaned back on his chair, and before his mind could command his action, a small smile was shown on his face when seeing the dentist did the same.
“I think I should be,” Jack replied. “I-I saw you and Sam fighting about how I made Cas believe about the future, and it got him dead, then I just called him and apparently that woke him up inside The Empty.”
There was a significant silence in the room after Dean shared the story. None of them is willing to start responding. Even Rowena, who gave him an understanding smile and nodded as a sign for him to continue whatever it is that Dean wanted to say.
“Thanks, man. It
after.
“So, um, you want to have dinner at my place sometimes, Cas-Tiel?”
Cas’ giggle made Dean looked to his direction. “Juliet can stay with Sam for the night, right?”
"Look, Jack," the younger Winchester started, "we kind of get it that it was probably not on our right to have our mother back. She was already dead thirty years ago. If she was returned here somehow, by Amara, then it probably for another purpose than to be a mother for us."
Being the one who knew where Crowley lives, Cas lead Dean to the elevator to get them to Crowley’s flat. When they were inside, Cas leaned on the wall, while Dean is standing next to him.
Maybe that was the reason why Dean was so kind to him, even though they just met. He was raised by good people, and he basically paid it forward by treating others right.
"Are you ready to meet him?"
Jack then continued, "Don't get me wrong, I would love to have Cas back, as Team Free Will 2.0 family, with Eileen now. Of course, you're also invited, Rowena and Crowley. You guys are my hunter family. We might be broken, but we're good."
to his children.
He paused, and, again, from the look on his brother's face, Dean could tell that Sammy could see where the story would go, or how it would end, but he decided to let his big brother tell him the story.
Castiel scoffed, “No, no, this is how I usually look after he called. Well, in a good brotherly way, mind you. For some reasons, Gabriel really looked after me, ever since we were kids, and before Sammy was born. He would hate it because it was true, but Samandriel was some sort of reproductive accident of our parents’.”
After he finished answering the call of nature, and trying his best to make his teeth presentable, Dean walked back to the waiting room and picked a comic book (that was actually for children patients) before sitting on a vacant chair. He had just flipped the cover when a nurse came and called his name.
However, soon after the laughter faded, another awkward silence followed between them. Both men then tried to fill it by pouring another serve of wine to their glasses. For the next few seconds, the only sound that was heard from the kitchen table area was the clinking of glasses to the marble surface.
There were soft tapping sounds from the tablet that was used as the register as the staff before Castiel calculated his order. Meanwhile, he continued to read the menu and made a soft "ooh" or "aah" every now and then when he read the ingredients in the dishes being served.
"I'm so sorry, Dean," Jack finally said, "I really want to help, I do."
Sam and Dean’s rooms were located on the left wing of the house, there was also another guest room there. Based on the interior and furniture inside, the extra room was probably used mostly as study and relaxing room by their grandparents.
“Ah, that’s good enough for me. So, he’s coming over again, or you two have something else in the agenda?”
Hello, Dean. I’m on my way to drive Gabriel and Claire to the airport. How are you today?
"Dean."
"True, that I'll be flying back here next month," Gabriel started, "but not true about driving. I can make Bela driving me."
Dean chuckled, "Yeah. Now you mentioned it, she really does. She might never say it directly to us, but somehow she's always there whenever we need her. I really appreciate her help with everything that we've been through. She even gave her life to our aid."
“Will be off in fifteen, still finishing the paperwork for my last patient. By the way, your ex called, asking us for a dinner tomorrow night. Clear your schedule, darling.”
,” came the answer from Dean, that made Cas sort of proud of himself for managing to distracted Dean from the cold weather and Cas’ lack of warm clothing, “the one with big grey cat-like bear and cat-bus. It was cute. We’re now on a break for, uh, something with a dragon on it. Dragon got a wolf head, and a little girl.”
“Huh. Right.”
“Oh, okay.”
"What is it?" the red-haired lady asked suspiciously, followed by curious looks from everyone around them that directed to the man who was about to throw an idea. "Come on, don't be shy, we might be able to work around that idea."
It was a chilly and gloomy afternoon after the rain, and Castiel thought the weather was beautiful to go for a quick run. So, he took Romeo — the Siberian husky he adopted from a local pet shop the year before — and drove to this pet park. While he was running, Castiel heard a faint mew from one of the bushes, then he took Romeo to search the source. After around half an hour, they finally found it, a baby jet black kitten crying for his mother.
"Fuck yeah," Dean got up a bit to catch Cas' lips and gave them soft bites. It was only stopped when Cas pushed him back to the mattress and started riding him hard again.
Well, one thing for sure, Dean should tell Balz if anything went serious after tomorrow night.
Turned out his trip to the HR Department did not end in vain, they could cover the treatment Dean is going to later, all he have to do is giving them the full receipt from the clinic and they will process it as soon as possible, with or without the health cover card.
Dean finished his meal and quickly pays, then he took his mouthwash from his car before heading to the dental practice just across the road. It’s better to arrive there early than late, anyway.
Castiel almost spit out his drink at the name, “Seriously? That’s the name, Blue Remington?”
The expression on the man's face, the big brother's face, was shown that there was something more in the topic of the angel. Something that should be sounded, but didn't. Why didn't he say anything about it?
Claire sighed, “I don’t know, Dad. That place just gives you the feel of a safe and cosy place,” the daughter took a bite of her smoked beef sandwich. After a few moments of chewing, she turned to her father, “You know, why don’t you take Uncle Gabe there? I bet you two would love to hang out there and do your … weekly
"Never mind that, Dean, you found the ingredients?" Eileen cut in.
There they were—the missing children. Two boys, small and scared, just like the hunter brothers when they were little when they had to escape from their burnt house almost forty years ago.
"Right, so here we are," Castiel huffed as they arrived at the cafe that he had his eyes on since they arrived at the park.
The woman sucked her teeth as she heard that, “You’re lucky she didn’t smite you.”
Crowley and Rowena even shared a warm look and smile from hearing that they were considered family in the bunker.
“So, do I have to switch dentist now?”
"How are your boys?"
to you? You've got to be crazy to still love that someone."
“So, did you like my present?” Balthazar purred.
Amara looked like she was in deep thoughts about Dean’s words. The calculating look on her face probably from thinking of her next step as a free entity. Perhaps for the first time since she was released entirely from her brother’s dependence. Finally, Amara looked up to Dean with a smile on her face.
After they finished their dinner, the research continued, Eileen and Jack returned to the Archive Room. It was almost two in the morning when Rowena noticed Sam had fallen asleep on a stack of books to hold his head.
“Next to the door, I can wear it later when we’re going out. Yours?” Claire answered without looking, since she was busy with Misha.
“Well, see how you’ll like it, Sammy. If you weren’t comfortable or you suddenly had plans, just say so. I will be at home anyway with my guest,” Dean shrugged and started to savour his meal.
“He did,” both Sam and Charlie said in unison while looking at each other, earning an eye roll from the older man. “So, are you guys in a relationship or something right now? Boyfriends?” Charlie asked.
The three of them became close when Dean visited Sam’s campus, and Bela developed a crush on him, oblivious of Sam’s feeling, of course. After a while, she started to be taken of Dean as a big brother, with occasional flirting that most of the time came as platonic.
And Cas loved him. He loved Dean for who he is, for all the human sides of Dean. They’ve been “together” for more than ten years, and Cas managed to always keep up with Dean. The human in his charge, who later turned as his best friend and partner in everything.
Dean should have a bucket list, and one of the lists would be “To make an Angel of the Lord moan helplessly”.
A hard plastic item hit him square on the forehead. Apparently the woman had found herself a seat and she was holding to the handler, almost carrying it to the seat and let it go without looking, made it swung
"So, how did you find this place? This is really nice, and just like Claire said it's not as noisy as other pubs," Castiel looked around the place in awe and stopped at the stage where a woman was leading the crowd to an 80's rock song.
Benny cringed at the answer, “Listen, brother, it’s not that I want to ruin your meet up with Balz’s ex, but do you remember that we’re summoned to the summer holiday meeting. You’re appointed as chaperone, right?”
Even a simple thought of having Cas sleeping on his bed had sent a certain frustration to Dean. And certain
feels and show him that Cas shouldn’t have to worry that what he wanted was something that he could never have. Even when he, or Cas, never realised it, Dean had
Rowena looked intrigued, "The trial to close up Hell."
“It’s Ghibli marathon, Dean!” came Charlie’s snap from somewhere in Dean’s background sounds.
where the hell he was.
They were back in the bunker—all
It didn’t register in Castiel’s mind when he walked in. He knew that the interior a kind of reminded him to
Dean didn't give Cas a chance to respond. On the next second, in one swift and fluid movement, Dean took a step back from Cas as he pulled out the angel blade from his jacket pocket, and slashed it on Castiel's throat.
"Why would you think of that?"
"What? When?"
“Dinner and movie it is,” Cas almost couldn’t hear his own answer due to the loud thumping inside his chest. “Um, still Friday?”
“Have you got the key to the apartment? The address?”
After all, these people in the library with him today had been very supportive of him and really gave their all to help him rescue his angel.
“Yeah, yeah, we’re good here, Dean, thanks. What about you, Sam, and Cas?”
“Really? It must be old.”
“Come on, we’ll walk you to the door,” Dean took one bag from her hand and pointed to Charlie’s house.
Castiel sighed as he walked to the other side of the house, he had been managing his answers whenever Claire and Jack asked about his father. He never meant to give the problematic child’s vibe, but he honestly didn’t know what to tell them about their grandfather.
"Y-yeah," Dean replied softly, tried to put aside the heartache that he felt at the mention of Cas. Especially
Novak boy, Cas. I’d like to know more about him.”
us to the bunker as the last thing that she would do before she bites the dust."
“Yeah, of course. We’ll take her to the bunker as well, what do you say?” Dean rolled the car to the street, ready to drive it to their next destination, Eileen’s home.
“So, how do we extract Michael's juice from me?”
The dentist laughed, and Dean loved the sound of his laughter. “Okay then,” Cas walked to the side that was the furthest from the door and prepared to lay down.
Dean let out a sigh, "That we couldn't bring him back, and Chuck's final work of us, the one I saw from the watch, would actually be our future."
“See?
It was another team member, Kevin, who replied, “Jack found a trailer on a really frightening Indonesian film, do you wanna see it as well?”
Dean looked at the blank field for another ten seconds before he finally decided.
did he get hired as a teacher in the first place? – and end up with a task to pick him up
Next one would be a bottle of Moscato and Shiraz that Rowena had one of her demons brought into the bunker.
“I’m ready, Uncle Cassie,” Claire called as she strutted downstairs. “What time are we leaving?”
Cas laid down for another fifteen minutes while watching the television (a documentary on bees and honey), then he made his dinner and preparing Misha’s. He was having his dinner while continue watching the documentary, and Misha had his next to the sofa.
“Um, you got olive oil, black pepper, sea salt, lemon, things like that, right?”
“Cas, you’ve got your brother and your niece this weekend. Don’t.”
For a second, the camera was showing the neck region of Dean’s. And it almost made Cas licked his phone screen of the view. The exposed skin, slightly covered in freckles, was inviting Cas to plant light kisses on it before bit it softly, only to hear Dean’s reaction to his action, and then …
The green-eyed man chuckled at the statement, “Don’t worry, Cas. They’re just teasing you. So, how do you like the dinner? I made good curry, ain’t I?”
scholars in the subject had landed him many offers in translating tablets and documents from museums and other cultural foundations.
“Well, it was unintentional,” Cas replied, while slicing the chicken using his spoon, “Dean already put the meat into the seasoning, when I read the packaging that said it has to be cooked for six hours.”
push to have him broke down all of his defences that Dean had put up for many years. The guards that only went down a few fair bit to let some people in—people he trusted besides Sam and Cas.
“Thanks, Cas.”
Dean was quite sure he never saw the type of death-scythe like what was in Crowley's hand. It was jet black, with a vast opaque half-crescent blade that shone in silver, and on the back of the head of the staff, was a shape of a ferocious canine. That most likely was a Hellhound. Then on the neck part of the hound was a sleek spiked collar with a chain connected to the part where the blade's sharp detail met the handle. It wasn't hard to see and admit, with Crowley, he really paid attention to appearance.
“Don’t let my story fooled you, though,” a mischievous smile was shown on Cas’ face. “But, yeah, he’s amazing.”
Dean turned to the witch as she said that. "What?"
Charles Shurley - Castiel even changed his last name to his mother’s maiden name when he turned twenty-one - was an absent father, to say the
There was a pang of disappointment inside Cas, but on the other hand, he also felt glad that he can get inside and be under his warm blanket. “Go then,” Cas replied with a smile. “I’ll go to bed, so I can get warm.”
“Fuck, you’re filthy,” Castiel licked Mick’s lips.
dates,” Castiel chuckled, and his eyes darted down when he heard his phone vibrated.
sight Dean had ever seen all day.
And he was caught staring.
The beast of a car came to a halt on the side road. After the engine was killed, the brothers came out from each side of the vehicle. The look on the big brother's face could only be described as yearning, if not
Beyond his surprise, Charlie didn’t answer; she only gave him a knowing look that was almost intimidating.
Claire pouted and took Castiel’s hand that was stretched to help her walked out from the car. Later she took her uncle’s arm, and they walked into the house.
"Your turn, Dean."
“And you live on one of the top floors? Shit, man, the view must be amazing from there!” Dean looked to the higher floors of the building from the front window of his car.
“Really?” Dean’s green eyes widened at the information. “Charlie, have I mentioned that I love you?”
The second time Dean Winchester opened his eyes, it was his turn to be in Castiel's arms. He had his back on Castiel, and he felt the angels' arm was lazily placed on his waist, while the snore was now louder than before.
as well? Then, Gabriel had to ring and made Castiel lost track of him. Again.
“SAM!”
It was the perfect ice-cold dish of revenge.
Maybe he did put down his guards whenever he was with Garth since he knew that the hunter/werewolf/dentist would never do as much as hurt him, or even doubt him. He felt like he could be himself whenever he was with Garth.
The last part of that sentence had Dean raise his eyebrows, “Did you guys flirt while I zoned out?”
“Dean, I swear I didn’t know,” Cas rubbed the rottweiler’s head, who was sitting on the backseat with her head popping between him and Dean. Panting happily that she’s on a trip inside a car. “It’s been ages since I went to Crowley’s place. I mean with we worked together, I don’t see the need of seeing him afterwards too often. And I can assure you, Crowley mentioned puppy, not
The comment took Dean by surprise. He
"It's been three days we're working on it, and we
From his exploring days, Castiel found that he wasn’t one to fuss over his sexual partner’s gender or preferences. As long as they both consented, then he’d go for it. Of course, he has a higher selection in men, but it wouldn’t stop him from agreeing for an offer from others. Meanwhile, Abaddon loved to get attention and pleasure only from men.
"Where are you going, dove? Don't you forget I'm the Queen of Hell and the most powerful witch in the world? I can get my stacks transported here, in," Her Royal Highness of Hell snapped her fingers. Suddenly the Men of Letters' bunker library had several new shelves filled with Rowena's books and ingredients, "Merely seconds."
It had been three months since Castiel started working on this particular project with the university. He enjoyed the relaxing atmosphere of doing the project with the team, along with the pay. The students and professors whom he worked with were friendly, helpful, and adorable. Along the way, he befriended one of the Masters’ students in the team, Charlie Bradbury, a video game and pop culture geek who enjoyed life and also a fantastic wing-woman for Castiel. Probably as expected with her interest, Charlie took Latin and German for her undergraduates, and now she currently studied Language Studies for her Masters.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel chuckled, and almost jumped a little when Dean sneezed again, “your, uh, your teeth next to your canines, uh, fangs. Both of them, the bottom ones.”
“Oh?” Cas didn’t mean to sounded so plain, but he really didn’t see it coming. “What, uh, what did he asked? If I may ask?”
He was completely excited about tomorrow night.
“Dean Winchester sounded like he had a wonderful childhood, despite the ill incident that happened to his family.”
normal?” Claire let her hands go gingerly from her grips.
“No, but we made great pasta together, though.”
Dean could only think of one thing that can get him crossing to The Empty and back. And he knew
As the other three girls tried to answer the question, Alex shot first, “I like it. Maybe because I grew up with the ’80s and ’90s, so I love the ambience. That pinball machine is a good touch, you know?” she pointed at the machine with her thumb.
The dentist raised his eyebrows, since
“Yeah?”
“Dean, I will make it up to you this weekend,” Cas said carefully.
that one week can go so slow
His voice might be a bit higher than he intended to and sounded more like a croak, but he didn’t care.
“Awww, you jealous, Dean?” teased Charlie.
"I'm curious. I grew up with the knowledge that there was only Heaven and Hell in the afterlife, Okay, there was Purgatory as well, but it wasn't as discussed as Heaven and Hell."
"Okay, where is this being a child excited for his parents came from?"
“Um, this is my patient, Dean Winchester. Dean, this is my old friend from college, and now my work colleague, Fergus Crowley,” Castiel stood up to introduce the two men.
He got up and patted the kitten’s head before heading to his room upstairs for a quick shower, and when he finished, Misha had waited for him on bed, curling to a spot just next to his pillow. After turning the lights in the kitchen off, Castiel took his phone from the living room table and returns to his room, then dropped himself to the mattress, awaken the kitten.
It was almost like there was an invisible switch that could be used by someone in the higher power to turn their emotions from mellow to chirpy in a snap of fingers.
"Abbie!" Charlie raised her wine glass that now was half full. "Sorry, I was talking to this girl, and i don't want these boys to peek," Charlie made her way to Castiel's side and joined him. "Wow! Love your hair, sister! Ginger power!"
The cheerful voice next to his ear startled his train of thought and memory. Dean turned his face to meet Sam’s.
"Hey, no worries. I threw you the bait," Castiel raised both of his hands, "if you didn't ask, I might provide you the information anyway."
be my turn to say mine, Cas. So, please hold on there for a bit longer, okay? We’re coming to get you.”
Just like the old times, Cas placed his hand above Dean's palm and came a yellow-ish light form his hand, then Dean's hand was completely clean. Only this time it wasn't from blood. Apparently, not only his hand, his penis had also free of condom now, and it was all clean.
“Bye, my darling. I love you”
He knew that Eileen tried to cheer him up with the cooking, and Dean really appreciated it. At least the bunker felt even more like a home to him, now there’s Eileen with Sam. Dean also saw Jack stepped into the library, looking like he just barely awakened as well.
wrong.
“Yes, Cas?” Dean pressed himself closer to Cas, and wrapped an arm around the dentist’s shoulders, followed by a kiss on the neck.
That was Rowena’s cue to showed the
The statement brought warmth to Dean's chest, and groin, then he pulled Cas' t-shirt over his head before he threw it somewhere to the floor without looking. He might have pushed this particular sexual tension with Cas for too long, now that he had the chance to unleash it, Dean felt like he just wanted to devour Cas.
"One of my customers owned this place. If you met him, you probably understand
“Dean?”
"I think you do."
Castiel almost choked on his pancake, but then he drank his orange juice. “Look, if you want to get committed to one particular person, then go ahead. I won’t stop you, as long as you know you’re definitely happy with him. This man should also respect you for who you are, and obviously won’t be intimidated by what you do.”
Was it really that fatal that he didn’t send a notification to Dean about his whereabouts?
. Maybe for a long time,” Castiel looked at his sister smugly. “Well, neither of us in that matter.”
“Good night, Dean.”
The teenager ran inside with a chuckle, and Cas knew she would definitely tell Gabriel about this, and he won’t have a peaceful sleep later.
For a moment, Dean felt warmth rushed from his heart to his entire body. This is the Earth that he knew, full of every kind of human being doing their things. He might not be interacting much with any of them. Still, it’s good to know that there are people out there who live their lives peacefully, without knowing that monsters exist. He even noticed the tan-coloured shaggy dog that he found at the gas station running and barking happily.
He stood at Castiel’s door, looked all sharp and smart in black suit and shiny shoes, his slightly round face was roughly framed by facial hair that gave him an aristocratic impression, although more to the rogue side than regal. His hand was carrying a small cocktail glass filled with drink and tiny umbrella which colours could earn them silent roles in a Hindi musical movie.
None of the people in the room ever seen that shade of red on Dean's face, or on Castiel's face before. If anything, both men just made them even more eager to hear the rest of the story.
It wasn’t a hard thing to do, take out the phone, find the name in the Contact List, give them a ring, then start a conversation. Easy, right?
A vibration from his phone stole his attention from the rude woman, when he saw the LED screen a soft smile showed on his face.
Dean looked to his side dully before gave it to his brother, “Thanks, Sammy. Hey, get the pie, will ya?” he grinned and earned a bitch-face from the other man.  While waiting for his dessert, Dean took the time to do more channel surfing, and even stopped to watch an animal documentary on wolves.
Dean felt that his body worked on autopilot. He was there in the kitchen, enjoying breakfast while chatting with people he loved, but his mind and spirit weren’t in the same room.
Speaking of weird, Dean must remember to ask Balthazar about Saturday night at school tomorrow. Dean admired how Balthazar was very supportive of him trying to get to know his ex-lover, and he was even the one who introduced them. He didn’t know many people who would do that, and actually Dean himself might not have such big heart to let anyone he knew going out with any of his exes. It probably caused by the protective nature in him.
Cas guessed that he really had done for with the man next to him, so he returned the smile with an equally quiet response, "Hello, Dean. You're going somewhere tomorrow?"
“Hey, Castiel, your phone went off inside. Do you want to get it?” Dean walked out with a handful of paper towel and a slightly red nose, thanks to Misha.
“Well, as the matter of fact, I do, Charlie,” the blonde man in the passenger seat replied. “Castiel was someone from my past, when I was in college, back in England. But, we’re on good terms now. No hard feeling included.”
The shot made Castiel’s face heated, “Well, yeah, I had told you that my parents named their children with angel names. And they named their first born Lucifer. And this is his apartment.”
“Yeah, I guess I was lucky,” he smiled and sat on the couch. “Maybe your previous connection with him created this sign that made you a prophet. I mean, the one before you, Donatello, his name wasn’t on the list as far as I know. And curiously he’s still alive as we speak, so why you became a prophet, I still wasn’t sure.”
“Hey, Doctor, do I have to turn the engine off for a while?”
Castiel felt like his heart melted suddenly and prayed to God or any other higher entities that the kitten in the toilet won’t start to mew, “Cats? Uh, there were some in the canteen across the road. I … I just had my late lunch there.”
“Safe flight, you both,” Castiel called before Gabriel and Claire walked into the boarding gate.
"Nope, sorry. The days I have to deal with you two fighting, bickering,
“That’s alright, Dean.”
He had passed the cafe several times when going for a run at this park, but he never had a chance to drop by and try. Today he had the opportunity, so
"However," Crowley continued, "you said Billie told you that the Winchesters are destined to be doomed to the Empty. Then you and your brother - and any children you decided to spawn to - will be the only humans in The Empty."
"Hey, how's it going today? Anything for you guys, meal, drinks?"
“Oh, thank you for being so
"Was there something that happened in Purgatory, Dean?"
Cas smacked his forehead at Dean’s words. Dinner! He forgot to browse on that! “Jesus, I forgot to look for a recipe! I’m sorry, Dean.”
Bobby and Ellen, for always being there for him, even during his lowest state. They might not be the perfect people to be parents-substitutes, but they’re the best that Dean ever had, even with them raised him in their own ways. He also now had another younger sibling, Jo, Ellen’s daughter who currently studied Visual Arts in Ohio. Growing up with Bobby and Ellen had given Dean quite an influence on living. He saw how Bobby fixes car in his spare time of being a police officer and how Ellen used to manage a diner in the area. They both had given quite an impression to Dean growing up, that right after he finished uni, Dean knew he wanted to have his own bar to manage.
be accustomed to the details and facilities of his new house. Before he stepped out of his beloved car and split the double door open (which, however fancy it is, still using the old school way of keys and padlock).
"Yeah," Cas smiled and had his left eyebrow raised cheekily, then he chuckled as he felt Dean's cock twitched. "You like that, don't you? You like it when I ride you, Dean?"
“Oh, um … Ten minutes tops?”
Here there were
With the help of his vet, Castiel took care of Misha — who turned out was only two months old at the time — until he was healthy and playful again. Not to his surprise, Romeo was the target of the little feline's mischiefs, and Romeo was enjoying every second of it. They were inseparable; although, with Romeo not knowing his actual ability and what he could do to such a small animal, it could be a bit worrying. Castiel kind of lost count how many times he rescued Misha's head from Romeo's
Such a complicated family.
, I’m quite sure that you two have things to talk about. In private. Let’s go, Jack.”
"I never talked about relationships with Michaela, but if she was into girls, you're more than welcome to make a move on her."
“What?
Thanks very much, people!
Castiel nodded at Dean's soothing words, then on the next moment - as he planted a kiss on Dean's lips - he was more relaxed and welcoming to Dean to enter. He hissed at Dean's size and was quite grateful that Dean stopped any movement from his side so Cas could adjust himself with Dean's cock being inside him. When he knew that he was ready, Cas opened his eyes to meet Dean's and said in his gruff voice, "Dean, move,
“Uh, Dean.”
The other man chuckled at the question, “Brother not by blood for sure, my darling. Hey, that Sammy thing can be your opening line before taking Castiel out.”
Castiel really enjoyed the visit from Gabriel and Claire. Claire made her uncles breakfast (and almost destroying half of the kitchen), and they were having it while watching Saturday morning cartoons. Claire was recently obssesed with a Japanese animation called
“It’s warm, Dean, really,” Cas sat on one of the chairs and fold his knees to his chest. “So, uh, which one you guys are watching now? The Ghibli marathon.”
Again, no one in the room spoke to respond to Dean's story. They knew that Dean cared a great deal about Cas, and he would not let the angel stray too far from his side, but none of them would expect that one Dean Winchester would go
The lips that were on him pulled back slowly, and he opened his eyes as he felt the complete vacantness on his face. Dean returned the smile from the young man before him, who also threw a meaningful look. He knew that look, he gave that look often to people who sat on that side of the car sometimes, but he wasn’t in the mood tonight. Somehow.
be useful for him and society. But, Castiel decided that sleeping would be the best one, especially with his fur babies snuggling up next to him. So, he had to turn the air con on in his room and set the time for an hour. As well as the alarm on his phone.
“Alright,” the look on the little brother was of someone who’d willing to leave his sibling under a tree in the middle of nowhere just so he could never hear that joke again.
Castiel Novak, the dentist with deep understanding of his work and strict of what his patients are consuming, was gone, and before him was only Cas, the motorbike-riding kale-lover who could made him laugh with a series of deadpan comments, clumsiness, and even awkward reactions. The man that Dean had feelings for. The man that could made Dean realised that butterflies in the stomach was more than a chick flick moment, it was real and it sent him so many emotions at one time.
“Would you like it for me to come over with horror movies, and stay with you after?”
men did you sleep with?”
When they parted, Cas was flushing from the heat and adrenaline. His big blue eyes looked up to Dean, as he puffed for air. He didn't know why he did that, angels weren't supposed to breathe, but somehow there was something in him that made him need to control his breath.
Castiel almost laughed when he saw his younger sister frozen on her seat. Her arms were stretched on the table between them, and a shocked expression was shown on her face. He let out an evil chuckle, “You can say something, you know. As long as it’s PG-13.”
“Thanks, Gabe,” Castiel returned the hug and chuckled when Gabriel placed a kiss on the side of his head. When he finally could release himself from his brother’s arms, Castiel turned to Claire. “Safe flight, Claire. Text me when you arrived, okay? Make sure Gabriel won’t embarrassed you on the flight.”
“No,” she finally replied. “I just called dibs,” she answered before hissing and bared her fangs widely.
He saw Dean’s ears turned pink to his words, and he had that sheepish smile showed. “Nah, I’m sure you are as well, Cas. Especially with Gabriel as your big brother.”
"What? What's wrong?" he asked. Based on the years of living with his brother, this would be the time for him to get some sassy feedback about cholesterol, blood pressure, age, or anything else on the field.
now, are you?”
“Balz, come on, if anything ever about to happen between me and your Cassie, please let it be all natural, nothing hasty,” Dean placed his chin on his palm.
"I have wanted to do that for a very long time," his little brother cheerfully said. "Oh, you're right, I do feel better."
to do anything to it.
And being thrown to a table, with probably the most haunting scream Castiel ever heard.
“Okay, okay,” the PE teacher rub the back of his head, while looking for questions that could give him an advantage for his dentist visit later.
were they doing. When he didn’t receive any answer, Dean continued to the kitchen, and absent-mindedly he opened the fridge to see what he might found inside. He discovered that his shelves in the refrigerator really need some help in refilling. At the same time, Sammy’s part already filled with colourful vegetables and fruits, and other healthy snacks.
No, will cook at home. I’m gonna drive now. Talk to you later?
Something that he did because Dean inspired him.
Dean had known Gabriel since he first discovered Sweet Tricks a bit while ago, and they’ve been friends since. Dean would drop by at Gabriel’s bakery and enjoy the pastry and dessert there for free (sometimes), and Dean would serve Gabriel with Pamela’s latest creation for free in return (sometimes).
Having my late lunch at the canteen. Have you tried their fruit soup?
“But, we’ll see how it goes,” Castiel played with his phone screen, “not sure he’s into me that way.”
Lucifer did that, but now he was glad that his big brother gave the apartment for his use, and he was
“Hello, boys,” Rowena greeted them cheerfully. She looked fabulous as always in her Victorian gothic black and blood-red dress, and her hair was let down loosely in perfect curls. Hell had probably given her positive effects that particularly suits her appearance and beauty. “Why are you both on the floor?”
“Judgement free zone, Sammy,” Dean took his plate and brought it to the sink to throw out the bones and rinse. “Look, you just have to wait until tomorrow, okay? I’m off to bed, if you want to make anything for breakfast or lunch tomorrow, don’t touch mine. I bought it for tomorrow.”
A knock on the door brought him back to his life as a dentist and made him jumped back standing, “Yes?”
It seemed like everybody slept in due to exhaustion last night.
But, maybe … maybe if he could get Cas back, Dean could compromise with having a cat and getting allergy medicine regularly.
“Cas … tiel?”
One hour later, Dean and Balthazar were sitting side by side inside the Meeting Hall, on the back row and whispering to each other, as if a pair of disorderly school students.
,” Charlie replied as she unlocked his tablet, and started typing on the attachable keyboard.
“Two,” Dean answered, “I have free period until three.”
“Hey.”
It probably took around half an hour for everyone to stop screaming and shouting questions to Dean, Cas, and Crowley about that fact. After eight years since they moved into the bunker, that night was probably one of the happiest moments in Dean Winchester's life.
and Sam?" another teasing. "I'm quite sure people in town knew that there were only two Winchester, oh wait, Campbell brothers, and I was probably some sort of sidekick to you and Sam. I remember you introduced me as your friend to Jackson at the bar."
“Excuse me.”
"Hey! I, uh, I just felt it's unfair of him to tell me that and left," Dean replied, and was met with Cas' glare. "And I feel like I have to respond to that."
Throughout the drive, Dean couldn’t stop working the gears in his head, trying to find a way how he could get Castiel out of The Empty. By far, he only knew three people who had been there and made it out alive, and one of them was sitting in the back seat of the car. However, all of these people weren’t entirely human when it happened.
“Anything for me tomorrow, Naomi?”
“Good, we’re staying at Uncle Cassie’ place here. The place was wonderful, I love the view from the balcony. Have you been there, Dean?”
"Tap water is just fine, thanks."
There was a significant pause from Sam before he finally continued, "Wait, I'll check in the Archive Room, and, Dean, maybe you can check in the car? There's a possibility that we brought it with us after Bobby died, and you might have it when you summoned Death the second time."
"Hold on a second, Moose," he said, "that wasn't the whole story. Dean still hasn't told the story from his side. Of the
“Shut up.”
He looked to Castiel’s eyes, that were looking back at him with a tender fondness and smile, that sent warmth to his chest. “Dean Winchester … he, uh, he lives with his younger brother. Probably similar to that Novak boy, only the role was reversed. He was the one who looked after his younger brother, and has been doing it all his life.”
“Um, no, Sir. He’s been living there for few weeks now, Sir.”
“No, Dean, it’s not that,” Cas cut in, “I was-I was amazed that you asked me that. I mean, it’s been ages betwen Balthazar and I, and I’m quite sure you and him were good friends way before you met me. I don’t think I have any rights to say no to that.”
. He was a writer whose works were considered as one of the titles of the cult, with its own followers and fans that might not be in the common demography.
Sam started to walk across the street to observe if people really have been brought back, and Dean followed his brother mindlessly. The restaurants were filled with groups of people enjoying their meals and served by friendly staff, stores are full of customers shopping for their needs. Even Sammy’s cafe that they dropped by before now had a completely different view on the inside.
Dean copied his brother’s action before answering, “I’ll get back to you on that then, Sam. Now, shower, then movie,” he walked to the other wing of the house, where his room is at.
rude to you?” teased Dean, that earned a pout from the woman. “Okay, yes, that was the person who supposed to join me – and Sammy, maybe – for dinner at home.”
“Oh, hi!” the girl chirped, “I’m Charlie, I, uh, I worked on the other side of the city,” she leaned forward to the space between the two men on the front seat. “So, you’re a teacher as well?”
On the next moment, Cas could felt his breath hitched on his throat, when Dean moved closer to him and placed his forehead to Cas’ before saying, “I like having you tonight, Cas. Thank you.”
A defeated sigh came from the receiver this time, “Yeah, Luci had called me with a long list of Do’s and Don’ts for her. Like she would ever follow that list!”
“I mean, come on, who would believe you if you said that the mannequin in the Biology lab moved by
Today, the bar welcomed many customers and almost every night Dean would be busy helping out with drinks, kitchen, and everything. Sometimes, he even helped his friend, Benny, as a bouncer, while having a relaxing chat with him. He also managed to pay back the money Bobby and Ellen loaned him, to start the business, every month. He was even able to raise the amount gradually every six months, and Dean was very proud of this.
“Isn’t it nice, you two powerful ladies work together for the balance of Heaven and Earth?”
“So, that’s Claire?” Dean asked.
“Wh-what? Sorry, I wasn’t here.”
"And I you, Cas."
“Read ‘em to me, Cas. You have to work as well here.”
be together. There.”
"Oh, fuck, I love you so much, Cas."
There was a momentary silence in the room, before Dean spoke, "So it was like that bomb used by the friar in
again, please?
Ellen would spoil them with delicious cookings, and Bobby would let them be boys. They can fight over TV shows or films, or even fight for the comfy couch, and Bobby would grunt and claimed it instead while bringing them beer. Before Dean started working at the bar, it wasn’t an alien sight to find the boys fell asleep in front of the telly after a huge dinner, or in front of the fireplace in winter. Bobby would usually grunt (again) and covered his boys with warm blankets.
“Gabriel!”
"Dammit, Cas."
“Then I think it's the ending where you're just like us,” Sam said calmly, as he continued to look down on Chuck. It was the voice of someone who was beyond forgiveness, and way far from compassion, “And like all the other humans you forgot about.”
“Yeah, me too,” came the reply as the little brother lead them to walk away from the crime scene.
. Dean. He introduced himself to me as if it was something he did every day,” Castiel scoffed when he saw Charlie gave him a sceptical look. “What’s also weird, he looked so gorgeous being just awakened on a Saturday morning. He has these
“Dean!
"So, Moose, lovely Eileen here just told me that we might have the same northern Britain origin. She was from Ireland," Crowley told Sam teasefully, and he extended his arm to place a hand on Eileen's in a way that resembled a royal prince to his princess. "Also, she's been dead, and you brought her back to life? I might want to hear more about that later, my dear."
Why would someone like Castiel put an interest in
There was a muffled sound from Castiel’s side, that Dean took it as the other man putting his helmet on. A scratching and clicking sounds later, Castiel’s voice came again to Dean’s ear.
There was another pause, that made Dean waited for the next part of the story, while watching Cas drinking his wine.
He could feel Cas’ hand on his shoulder, he could feel the soft squeeze on his shoulder, yet he couldn’t feel the steps he was taking through Cas’ lead. All Dean know, currently he was standing before a stack of dip, with Cas searching for whatever he was looking for.
“Oh, they’re watching a rerun of
“Fuck, man! This is really
the photo brought a conclusion to him about the side that he had refused to show his family, except Gabriel.
The living room was filled with laughter at Cas’ answer. “That was smart, Cas!” Sam laughed and pet Juliet’s head. A small gesture that somehow made Dean regretted he didn’t offer to help Cas look after the mutt. “Mine would be Gabriel was a Messenger of God, and he sometimes can get creative on the deliverance, and platypus was one of them.”
night, aren’t we?”
Dean turned the car’s engine on and looks at his reflection in the rear-view mirror, only to push it slightly upwards so it wasn’t facing him again. He then looked out the front window, and sighed.
Because someone was knocking at the door.
The brothers walked to the kitchen, where Sam turned on the coffee machine. Dean took two cups from the cabinet, and handed one to Sam.
And with that the line was cut. Castiel finally opened his eyes and found Claire playing with Misha using a leaf of tissue that she rolled to a pipe. Outside, the sky was purplish, how long did he asleep? It had been a while since he actually had a good afternoon nap.
After Castiel cleaned up his hand and about to pull his pants up, he felt Mick was entering his personal space. Sure enough, Mick was now standing only inches from him. The man with hazel eyes was now running his fingers on Castiel’s collar bone, before dragging them to his chest and started playing with Castiel’s dusky nipples.
“Yes, Meg?”
Cas looked up, “I don’t mind, Dean.”
He sipped the wine while turning the kitchen lights off and walked to the living room, where the other three people had waited for him for a film viewing.
He could feel the familiar heat radiated from the tanned body above him, even with the other person wasn’t exactly pressed on him. Instead, sat on his crotch and bounced with passionate lust. He adored how sweat glistened the body, made it even more sensual and brought such a fascinating sight to his eyes, and to his fingers as he slithered them to the dark skin smoothly.
“Wha-? Alright then,” Dean sighed again after he heard Garth’s reply.
He blinked and broke eye contact with Dean as Castiel collected himself and tried so hard to make his voice as stable and straightforward as he could. "How long have you been dating my sister?"
“Sounds good, Doctor,” Dean smiled, and if Castiel saw it right, there was a little disappointment in that smile.
“Yup,” Dean answered, at the same time his phone made a chirp. He turned the gadget over to see who sent him a message (though he already had a name in mind).
“Because we need a woman’s point of view for the Winchesters as well, Metatron.”
While Gabriel went to get Claire’s non-alcoholic drink, Castiel looked around the room. Colourful chairs, pastel coloured ribbons on the ceilings, cuisine and sweets on the table, and the looked delicious arranged with several tea cups in the style of afternoon tea party. It’s like a mixture of Wonderland and candyland.
"Oh yeah, there were always some law students or fresh graduates went to my dad looking for internship or even advice in how to become a lawyer," Claire answered, "some of them are douches, though."
"Alive," Cas smiled with his answer, "living. Ready to be human."
Now it was Cas’ turn to laugh. “Yes! I used to think that way as well!” his face flushed, when Sam got up and took few steps to give him a high-five.
Dean finally had his angel back in the bunker.
"What? How did you-"
place, then I will let you go away? Oh, no no,
calls.”
He just sat down on his desk when his phone chimed the message tone. It was as if his message application was connected straight to his heart, because just as the notification sound came up, his heart made a soft thump in his chest.
of us here.”
While Sam introduced Eileen and Rowena to each other, Dean couldn't help but realise that he hadn't seen Sam leave Eileen's side ever since she returned from Chuck's Thanos-snap. It was like Sam's afraid that once he got his attention away from Eileen, he'd lose her again.
Dean barked out a laugh, and then he cursed himself when both Balthazar and Mr. Cain turned their heads to him. He didn’t even realised the majestically bearded man had entered the teacher’s room.
Let alone ex-lovers, it took a while for Dean to let
“Hey, Cas!”
"The kid had a point, Dean," Crowley stated. "As much as I want to turn you into a half-dead demon and take you into The Empty for your angel, that wasn't the answer. I can wait until you're really dying, you know."
“Jack, sometimes I wonder if you really do belong in this time of life, not a decade or
Dean wasn’t even halfway through the first chapter of the book, and he was already on his third bottle of beer.
And another hint in his voice, Dean was sure.
again.”
The laughing man finally stood up straight and wiped his tears. “Nah. Nothing, man. You’re good. Come on, anything else you wanna get?”
okay, since he could still feel his face was wet of his tears, but Sam probably tried not to mention it to him. Dean pushed himself off the floor and sat up, with Sam followed and sit in front of him, still had that worried expression on his face. "I-I'm okay. I guess."
"Yes, Cas?"
“Sure. You don’t happen to have a tissue or anything, do you?” Castiel turned around and showed his hand that was covered in cum. He’d be damned if he touched his clothes while his hand was like this.
While she picked some of the chips to eat, Abaddon continued her share of the story. “Have you ever thought of settling down, Cassie?”
It was the word ‘major’ that made Dean’s stomach did a flip, that was not caused by hunger, and he did his best to avoid looking straight to Sam, just in case he was blushing. Preteding he was busy with the chicken, Dean gave the answer anyway, “I’m gonna have someone over tomorrow. Dinner.”
“Yeah, whatever, Gabe. Go to sleep.”
Again two blinks. “Back when I was in college, yes.”
Eileen's eyes widened in surprise at yet another new fact about Sam. Still, then she chuckled at the explanation that Sam gave her. She turned to Crowley while saying "Hello" both verbally and in sign language.
But this time, with the blue-eyed man who he saw in the canteen, it was definitely different. Although it was only for a few seconds, Dean had had the
“Yeah, supposedly. My invitation was only for the opening,” Dean mumbled, “I think I’m gonna take my work mate. Oh, um, can I ask you something?”
Castiel chuckled again, and this time it was him who crashed his lips to the hunter.
hunch, or whatever this means to him.
The foul language that came from Castiel's mouth made the librarian even more passionate in kissing him, and he also had his hands pawed at the man who was pinned, in search of a way to undid Castiel’s pants. After a few seconds, he finally managed to unzip the taller man’s pants and slid his hand in. “Bloody hell, man, you’re
“Yeah,” there was a soft sigh on Castiel’s voice that could hardly missed, “I’ve got some paperworks to do, I think I have to bring home some of them to work on. I think I will get a take out on the way home.”
Dean could feel his heart skip a beat when Eileen mentioned the place. He knew which room she meant. The very chamber that he'd been deliberately avoided ever since they returned to the bunker, even to do some research for this mission.
Balthazar about tonight’s dinner? He have to ask if Balz available on Saturday night anyway, and Balz was the one who introduced Dean to Cas.
His baby brother responded with a laugh as he walked closer to Dean, and placed his giant hands on Dean’s shoulders, “Dean,” he started, “you look good. I’m serious. Come on, you told Cas you’d pick him up at three-thirty, right? You have to leave now, or you’ll be late, and that will give an unpleasant impression to him. More than what you are wearing now.”
Mick started by kissing the lower part of Castiel’s stomach, and then he went to the hip bones, intentionally avoiding Castiel’s crotch. He ran his teeth softly on one of Castiel’s hip bones and made a soft bite on the skin, earning a moan that sent a tingling sensation to his spine. He repeated the gesture to the other hip bone, while his hand was grabbing Castiel’s cock and started pumping slowly. Mick maintained eye contact with Castiel’s blue orbs that had eclipsed with the blown pupils. After several strokes that made Castiel’s breaths come in short pants, Mick continued his teasing by running the tip of his tongue on the head of Castiel’s cock. This time the sound that came to his ear was a louder moan that made his dick hardened.
Would this be the end of his story with Cas?
(See the end of the chapter for
for that.”
“Like a female Garfield?” Dean took another sip of his already-cold coffee.
“You know that you’re heavy, right?” he asked without even bothering to turn his head and smiled when he received a soft growl as an answer. “Yeah, I love you too, baby,” he craned his neck to place a gentle kiss on top of a furry head that belongs to a grey Siberian Husky. “Ooh, I should have taken you out for a walk today, yeah? I’m so sorry, Romeo love, I forgot,” Castiel reached out to bring the dog closer to him, then he nuzzled his face to the pup’s neck.
“Um, right. Dean, I found two holes on your teeth, on your premolars,” Castiel lifted up his face and pushed his glasses up to the bridge of his nose before delivering this message to Dean.
Eileen blinked at the question, she honestly didn't get which part of her rambling that caught Dean's attention. "Was the Death you killed is in The Empty?"
Dean sighed. There was no way to talk to Jack about this anymore, the kid would insist on his idea. Sometimes Dean wondered where Jack learnt his stubbornness from.
“Um, I know this is weird, but … I’m thinking of taking Balthazar with me to the exhibition. Do you mind?”
The older boy chuckled and did as he was told. When Dean reached the dining room, Bobby showed up from the stairs and fresh from the shower. “Hey, Bobby. Still grunt as ever I see.”
“Okay, I have told you my morning-after story. What about
"I know you, Samuel, and Castiel could get in and out Hell as you please, thanks to that spell," she smiled as Dean let out a small laugh. "Are there any other places that you can go to, even though you're not supposed to if you're not dead yet?"
"Well, I was never a big fan of her anyway," Crowley smiled and moved his hand from his jacket pocket to his pants'. His slight movement might be subtle, but it was clear to see and felt by the older Winchester who stood next to him.
After he climbed out of the car and put his leather jacket on, Castiel walked to the passenger seat, and opened the door for Claire, who was giving a final touch to her make-up using her mascara and lipstick.
Dean chuckled at the short question. He knew that he would never knew where to begin, and with Sam started the conversation, it just made everything easier. “Yeah. Cas. I, uh, I’m sorry I kept him from you, Sammy.”
with him. Oh my God, what did that make
“Hey! What’s with the shallow remarks?” Dean protested, and Balthazar stepped back with a chuckle. “So, what’s going on here? Exhibition? Or anything else?”
to watch.
“Dean,
Dean waited for the answer from the other man, when Castiel finally answered.
“Yea-
“Oh,” Castiel face beamed at the short story, “alright then, just let me know when you’re leaving then I’ll pick her up.”
“Hey, hey, Castiel. I’ll go get it. No need to panic. Stay here. Okay?”
“Very well, Dean,” the dentist bent down to get his bag from the boot.
From the corner of his eye, Cas noticed that Dean turned his attention to him for a quick second, before back to the road. “Sorry, Cas. I was really surprised, that’s all,” Dean said and took Cas’ hand in his and kissed the back of the dentist’s hand, completely oblivious of the blush that crept Cas’ cheeks, “and, uh, this probably sounded hillarious, but recently I had a dream that have a big giant black dog in it.”
"What?"
I don’t need that much detail of you!” Abaddon threw a ball of tissue to Castiel’s face, who responded with a laugh. “Dude, that was really weird that he did that. Why didn’t you just take him to your place?”
Hope you enjoy this chapter!
How were Charlie and Kevin? It had been ages since they went over to watch
Dean smiled to Cas, "My word, Castiel. Did they teach that filth in Heaven?" he then let out a burst of laughter when he heard Cas groaned in frustration. "Don't worry, my angel, I'm gonna make you feel good, that you'll be glad you're a human now."
Castiel lifted one of his fingers as he finished his orange juice, something he picked up from watching too much
Dean obviously would still need Castiel to work on his teeth, and he would love to see the dentist regularly. But would it cause the dentist trouble if he was known to invite his patient over for dinner, shared personal stories about family, and then exchanged number for
“You shut up!” Dean could feel his face flushed of the correct accusation. “I can’t talk to him until the weekend is over.”
His big brother chuckled at his protest, “You should try driving in the Angeles sometimes, Cassie.”
“You’re driving later?” Dean handed one of the glasses in his hand, right after he reached Cas. “They only have wine now.”
Dean had arrived at his car, and he leaned on the side while still talking on the phone, “Bored. It was quite a slow day here at school. You’re going home soon?”
Sam looked up in a quick movement, "That actually made sense. I mean, didn't Billie and The Empty have a long-lasting beef with each other? She got all the Death books in the library, surely there are also books for angels. Aren't there, Crowley?"
“Well, apparently, for this kind of thing, you have more logic than I am,” even without looking, Dean could feel the subtle eye roll in his brother’s voice, and it made him laugh.
The overhead light fell flawlessly on Dean’s facial features, from his light brown hair that was styled spiked up, to his green eyes that shone brighter than it usually has. The light even brought a dramatic effect to his cheekbones and nose, and Cas could see the freckles spread randomly on his face, teasing him to count them.
“Balthazar’s really nice.”
Having Cas in his arms, Dean could feel that even though the smaller man had fantastic set of muscles on his body, he also  felt both fragile and solid in Dean’s arms. Dean felt he could lift the man effortlessly and carry him to bed and tuck him in in the warmest and softest blanket until he felt better. At this point, Dean wasn’t really fussed if Cas could feel his heart beating uncontrollably behind his ribs.
"That's even more suspicious," Dean walked closer to the table as if the other people there would pounce on him if he made a sudden movement.
"Does that make me a Winchester as well? I died for you boys," Rowena jumped in with her cheeky tone.
Dean’s face turned bright scarlet when he heard the question, and for some reasons that was also the cue for Charlie to leave and followed Sam to the living room. “I do,” Dean said (and made Cas silently let out a sigh of relief, knowing that this might not be as bad as he thought). “I, uh, since that day I visited your place, I went to get allergy pills, so it won’t reacted to Misha.”
“Have you been here before, Cas?”
Such as now, where they seemed to have reached the point of exhaustion for this Saturday night. Slowly they had their attention strayed from the work to anything that they feel was more interesting to discuss. It didn’t take long before they started to argue in a clash of languages, and Castiel could only sit there and watch them back and forth as if they were at a tennis match.
Dean threw the famous annoyed expression that he reserved for whenever Crowley threw a mischievous sass at him, "Thank you for being so considerate, Crowley."
“Dean?”
"So, those are my recommendations for your boys, my good sir."
“You’re welcome, Dean,” Castiel showed Dean the warm smile again, and the small gesture almost made Dean jumped forward to kiss him. “So, did you always want to be a teacher?”
you’ve been out there for almost an hour now!” Dean voice started to rise, “Look, we’ll end this call and continue with text. What do you say?”
Bela looked around to the colourful interior in the room. “Well, a pair of artists wanted to make a private exhibition of their latest work. It’s interesting how one’s passionate on candies and sweets and the variations, while the other one was good at exploring mediums for his artworks.”
"Right. So there's Moose, Squirrel, Mother, and you two," Crowley looked back and forth to Eileen, who was sitting next to Sam, and Jack, who was on the other table with Rowena. "I don't think we've met. I'm Crowley, former King of Hell, and apparently, I'm now upgraded to Death. Not sure if I should thank those two lumberjacks since I was dead from helping them. Just like any other people in their vicinity."
Both Dean and Crowley practically jumped when there was a figure popping up next to them. Dean could have sworn that he didn't hear anything just one second ago, let alone feeling a presence anywhere near them. But now, a figure looked like it was covered in black and thick liquid standing just a few feet next to him and Crowley.
“Hello!”
So, he continued to walk to the nearest bus stop, and according to Google Map, he was chasing the right bus to get to the diner.
Dean knew that Sam was never fussed about his sexual preferences, orientation, or whatever it is kids named it these days, but there was something in him that would rather not letting his brother knows. If Sam knew, then so be it, but Dean’s not gonna be the one who’s informing him.
Then after dinner, they can watch something, a movie or series. Maybe Dean could get Cas to watch
that Charlie had downloaded. Dean never knew that he could hate an underage kid as much as Joffrey Baratheon.
"Wait," Dean raised both of his hands, "so, you're saying that there are more guarantees for me to cross to The Empty, rescue Cas, then return here alive, as a half-dead
"Dean ..."
“Okay,” Dean answered almost soundlessly, then he slide open the door. The first part was hanging closet. Cas owned a number of suits, most of them are black and dark blue. He also owned some shirts, plain and plaid.
“Ouch.”
However, Sam’s reaction was one of Dean’s intention when he introduced his brother to Cas. Dean had hardly brought home anyone, even before they moved here. Even Balthazar never stepped a foot inside this bunker. And as far as Sam knew, Dean was into woman, according to their days back in High School.
“Dean, this dish needs a six-hour time to cook,” Cas showed the package of rendang seasoning, right after Dean had put the meat into the pot.
, yeah?" Abaddon let out a fake evil laugh while waving her brand new flaming red hair.
“What?”
The line was cut, just as Dean said. Castiel smiled to the phone in his hand and headed inside, where Gabriel and Claire had now arguing over another rerun of soap opera.
The blue-eyed man laughed bitterly when he heard Charlie's words, "I guess. It's funny, yeah? The first person I ever took seriously, and of all people I could lose him to. It was my twin sister."
“Take care, sister mine,” Castiel kissed the top of Abaddon’s head before he waved to her friends as they left the diner.
The war room suddenly got so empty and quiet after they were left alone. Funny how the war table seemed so big now that Dean was leaning on it while Cas stood before him, just like when they “broke up” earlier this year. Only this time, they were even closer.
a heterosexual man. Even with his marriage to Jack's mother.
Her smile widened, mission accomplished for Castiel.
Right after the pair left the kitchen, there was a fat silence filled up the room. Dean knew that he probably should say something to the kid next to him, at least letting him know that Dean wasn’t upset that he couldn’t manage to wake Cas up just like the last time.
The living room where Dean currently is located behind the dining room, this practically the place where
“You looked after it well, Cas,” Dean ran his hand over the leather and looked to Cas at the right time, as he was putting on his leather jacket. The way Castiel’s arms slide in smoothly and the jacket then wrapped his body nicely almost made Dean had to hide the unexpected movement from his crotch. “Well, well, you look good in that, Cas.”
“Miss you already, boys,” called Gabriel as the brothers Winchester smiled and waved to him before turning around to walk out of the store.
“Oh, this one I
my life. How in the world you could find all of those good things from me, while I always thought the exact opposite of everything you said, it was-it was-” Dean could feel his voice starting to break, and he couldn’t go on.
Dean only smiled at the notion before he placed a kiss on top of Rowena's head, "Night, Rowena, and thank you so much."
“Good night, Dean.”
“This is my Saturday night thingy,” Dean deadpanned.
However, hope this can make up for the gap, a very long chapter!
“Sammy was the one who’s fond of animals. We used to own a dog when we were kids, a golden retriever, they were inseparable. The only time Sammy didn’t have Bones with him was when he’s in school.”
“Yeah, that’s another story,” Sam scoffed, “I can only say that Dean was responsible for the death of both Deaths.”
“Tsk.
All Crowley did was place his palm on Dean's head, and suddenly Dean was in the dark. When he opened his eyes again, everything was still dark, but he could see Crowley in front of him clearly even with the darkness around them.
“Um, you said that I can borrow your clothes for sleeping?”
the room?
As he wiped his face with the sleeve of his henley, Dean could see Sam was eyeing him closely, probably wondered what happened to him. Dean was also thankful that Sam didn't push him to immediately tell what happened. He could probably feel that what caused Dean to passed out in his room was beyond his emotional capacity.
Dean could feel his face heated at the reference.
He pushed his glasses to the bridge of his nose and pressed the button on his earphone to skip the song played, when he felt a sharp pain on his foot. He hissed and jerked his foot, only to find a woman standing comfortably on it. Castiel shot a dark look to her, but it was pointless since she was busy with her phone and had earphones in her ears as well. After several seconds, he decided to shake it off.
Dean took off his clothes before he pulled off Castiel's boxer. Then he ran his hands on Cas' thighs to calm him down. Although, on the next second, Dean needed to take a deep breath to calm himself down, at the sight of Castiel's cock in front of him. He knew that Cas never had the need to compensate for anything, but he didn't expect him to
(See the end of the chapter for
“Awesome. If you want, you can park your car here, we have a garage on the back,” Dean took out his phone and started to order cabs for his young guests. “Free of charge.”
“So, Sammy, why didn’t you invite Eileen today?”
There was an uneasy feeling inside the car, even Juliet noticed and she started to whine sadly. Cas gripped his hand tighter on Dean’s, trying to radiate comfort to the man next to him. “That was a nightmare, Dean. A terrible one. You’re safe now.”
Dean explanation made Castiel laughed nervously before taking the gadget and typed down his number to the phone, and made a call to his, before returning it to Dean. “Now I have your number as well,” Castiel said.
"I don't even know, honestly," she shrugged, "I didn't see him where I was, I mean besides in that alternate universe Hell thing Crowley showed me."
The youngest one of them smiled, and he closed his eyes. He looked entirely in peace and tranquil, as both Sam and Dean waited patiently while leaning to the Impala.
“Have a good weekend, Cas,” Dean couldn’t hold back a smile when he said this. Even with his forehead still on the desk.
Enjoy!!
“So, Dean, you want to drive my brother home or something?”
“Right, thank you,” Castiel turned around and cooed the sleepy kitten as he walks to his practice. “Hello, kitten, you’ll be coming home with me tonight, okay?”
“Jack, I’m sorry for what I said,” Dean started, “I-I didn’t mean it when I said you’re not family.
“Yeah, he ate a lot, so I put the food bowl in several places for him to find,” Cas put the bowls just outside the bathroom. After he stood up, he turned to Dean, “Okay, Juliet and I are ready. We still have to shop, right? Or you already had?”
“Why, thank you, Claire,” the uncle returned the mocking to the niece as he took a turn to their destination.
Cas groaned at the question that popped from Gabriel, even before they got out from the building area. "Yes, Gabriel. Please don't bully him, I really like this one."
Dean knew that he couldn’t let everyone around him work this hard for something he wanted, especially Jack. He felt like he was asking too much of the boy. In the last twenty-four hours, Jack had done a lot for the world, literally, yet here he is, practically offering himself to help Dean.
"Back at you, Cas. I'm so happy that you're here," she copied what Sam did and with a bonus, a peck on the cheek.
"Yeah, he called me Moose," Sam told Eileen in a defeated way when she turned to ask what Crowley meant by that.
The cheeky conversation with his beloved big brother continued for another ten minutes, before Castiel finally told Gabriel that he had to finish his very late lunch soon and goes back to his practice to meet his last patient. Gabriel whined that he still misses Castiel, that went unconvincingly for his little brother’s ears.
serious there,” Dean pointed his finger to his little brother, who raised his hands in defeat.
Dean’s driving!”
“I couldn’t have an event in your area, and missed my favourite boys, could I? I just have to get you two to come, even if I have to dragged you out of the house
“Um, yeah, so far,” he paused, and made Dean feels almost guilty for asking, but then Cas continued, “I don’t think I will have anymore soon. Since I doubt Lucifer will ever remarried, Raphael was busy working with my father. I couldn’t say much about her, because we weren’t that close, and father treated her more like apprentice than daughter these days. Then, Gabriel … he’s, uh, he’s living his life to the fullest and I don’t think marriage is in his plan. I think he had relationships here and there, but it’s hard to picture him settling down, really. He’s happy enough with Claire in his life, I suppose, and Lucifer didn’t mind Gabriel baby-sitting Claire, so that worked well. Samandriel was still in college, marriage and reproducing probably still far away in his mind, he’s quite ambitious that boy.”
“Clearly you still love him.”
The man with the mission leant forward to the table. He pulled his hand softly from Rowena and started to drum his fingers on the wooden surface before he gave a slow and staccato fashioned answer. "We kind of need a spell that can get us through to The Empty."
Cas laughed and lifted his hand to the screen and tap it, only to made the camera switched to the back one. “Oh, shit!”
"Hello, Dean. You're even more handsome than I remember. Are we still up for that angry sex?"
Cas smiled while putting on the tan trench coat, "Thank you, Dean. Maybe later when we're about going to bed?"
For the past few years, one of the most exciting phases in her life, Rowena knew Dean Winchester as a man with top-notch bravado. But now, he was practically broken and hollow. All because of the death of Castiel.
Unexpected guests to the bunker made a misfit of a new family for the brothers Winchester.
Dean and Cas somehow, at the same time, decided to stop talking and looked at each other instead. Dean eyed how Castiel’s smile could appear in various ways that night, and the expressions on his eyes complimented them. Little did he know that Castiel was trying to count the freckles on his face while having that look.
* * *
From the reaction that he gave, Dean smiled when Crowley caught his intention. "That's what I've been sitting on these past few days. Then when I returned, we could do the demon purifying ritual. Just like what we did when I had the Mark of Cain."
Cas couldn’t hold it anymore, he let out a laugh at Dean’s answer. “Gabriel gonna love
ate the food.
Once he finished his words, his little brother pushed one of the pie slices to his face and chuckled. It was clearly some sort of blast from the past, where he and his little brother used to prank each other when they first started out their hunting journey together, in search of their father back then.
But now that it was Jack who told him to, maybe,
It wasn’t the soft touch on their foreheads that sent shivers down Cas’ spine. It wasn’t the words that slipped out from Dean’s mouth. But it was when Dean placed a hand on his shoulder and ran it chastely on Cas’ arm and stopped on his fingers, then he touched them tentatively.
"You enjoy your time while they're here, Cas. They're family," Dean turned to Cas, and squeezed his hand.
“Join us, and you’ll find out,” the English man stood up and silently exited the small practice. Before he walked away, he lifted up his hand and made a phoning gesture while mouthing ‘Call me’, which earned him a throw of a rubber eraser.
“Here’s your card, Ms. Braeden, and good luck on your date,” Castiel stood up and awkwardly showed his thumb to the woman before him. He quickly felt stupid for doing so on the next second. Social interaction was never his strongest suit, which was the exact opposite of Crowley.
Dean let out a chuckle, “I can’t do that to you, Cas. I don’t want you to be just another fuck for me.”
Castiel turned to find Charlie standing in front of him, she looked fresh from the shower and offered him a can of beer. Or maybe it was Charlie who found him sitting on the swing in the backyard, trying to process what had happened since he and Charlie arrived at this lake house.
a fan, Dean?”
Happy Valentine's Day, guys!
Cas still couldn’t hold back his smile when Dean was asking him the question. “No. probably driving Gabriel back here, and later going somewhere with him and Claire,” Cas ended his story with a shrug, although he really wanted to ask Dean (and Sam, probably) if they would like to join them. But he backed out when he remembered that it had been a while for him and Gabriel, and with Claire to spend a good time together.
His final writing for Dean that he could never be with the one he loved. That Dean would live all his life with regrets, that he never told Cas that he loved him, that he has to hear Cas say it first to him, only to be consumed by The Empty seconds later. To save him, to save the world.
for them, then,” Cas took two more cups and put them inside the cart. “Right, next, the crackers. Come on!”
“No. I only remember being drunk, then I found someone, I kissed him, and the next thing I know I woke up in an empty bedroom,” he took a sip from his milkshake. “And if I have to be honest, I don’t remember if the person I slept with and the one I kissed at the bar was the same person.”
Crowley blinked twice before answering, "Sort of."
“His power,” Sam started, addressing Jack, “you sure it won’t come back?”
Sam had lean his back on the seat again, something that Dean know had a hidden meaning behind the gesture. “Yeah, I reckoned so. It really caught me off guard tonight.”
“Well, that’s close enough, considering you guys are humans.”
Dean knew that if Castiel was a regular human, he might have trouble breathing from his hug. He missed the angel so much. If he could, Dean wouldn't want to let Castiel go, ever again. He didn't want to repeat the same mistake.
“What?
"Yeah, it's just impossible to shoot you here, while I might need your help later," Dean replied cheekily. "So, this The Empty, why was it exclusively for angels and demons? Was there any history of human existence there?"
"You were already had a – probably – unconscious decision on whom you want to be with. A man"
After he lined off the phone, Dean finally let out a quiet groan he had been holding back. That attracted Benny’s attention.
? - but he also enjoyed being with a man. Maybe even more.
on the bed; his clothes were spread
Castiel only replied with a shrug, since he really couldn’t understand his father, and eventually grew tired of trying.
“So, Cas, how’s Gabriel and Claire? They’re doing alright?”
After he tapped the Send button, Castiel put his phone on the table and went to make a cup of tea. He heard his phone chirped when he was dipping the tea bag, so he quickly walked back to the living room while hoping the message would be from Dean.
“Awww, that’s a sweet story, Sammy,” Dean cooed, earning a push on the arm from his little brother. “What? I’m serious, you were quite bummed after the grand break-up with Jess, and let’s be honest you weren’t that much in luck with girls after. But, now, you found Eileen, and you guys are cute.”
Jack’s innocent question broke Dean’s attention from his laptop and addressed the young boy in front of him instead. For that quick moment, Dean felt like a widower who had to deal with his child’s questions about his late spouse.
. We had a quick chat, and he even gave me a glass of water and an Aspirin, then offered me breakfast. That was odd, right?” Castiel took another scoop of the bucket chips before he continued his story. “I mean, it’s like he’s doing this every other weekend to his roommate’s one night stand partners.”
Hello, Dean. I will be having non-stop patient flow until 5. Would it be alright if I call you around that time?
“Your patient?”
“Oh, thank God, they’re shutting up,” he announced a little
Jack smiled at the question, “Well, I tried to help. I think having Amara inside of me kind of help me get a grip about what should be working in Heaven, and what’s not. One of them is angels, so I helped around to create angels first, to make the orders in Heaven returned as before, then I made a little tweak here and there. The angels can be so … uptight.”
A short, but collective, shriek from his young friends caught the attention of the librarian. Surely enough, they received a “shush” for the fourth time. This time, Castiel turned his head to see the librarian in duty, and right after, a smile was shown on his face.
“So, do you have to return to Heaven after this?” Dean asked as he reached forward to play with Cas’ trench coat belt. “Can you stay here with us? With me?”
Castiel walked to the kitchen with a protesting kitten on his heel, voicing his hunger all the way to the fridge. Even when the human was preparing the food, he could feel tiny claws were climbing up to his thigh, and jumped to the floor as he put the bowl down on the floor next to the kitchen island. Misha wolfed down his food, while Cas watched from the stool and poking the feline with his toe every now and then. It was futile, the kitten was too hungry to respond his human.
"Is it you?" Dean started.
Rowena smiled at Bela, then she gracefully turned to the other people in the room, "I always love to listen to old stories about my Fergus from her."
!" Dean snapped at the comment. "That's Jack, Jack Klein. You might remember him as the Nephilim, Lucifer's son."
Cas chuckled at the statement from Dean, “As the matter of fact, no. He, uh, he went to Russia with his housemates on a summer holiday. Being young and foolish, this boy decided to play a little game during his stay in Russia.”
Dean blinked when the words from Castiel returned and echoed at the back of his mind. The suicide, nay, farewell note spoken, instead of written, moments before he let his life be taken.
When he saw that there was no cat coming out from there, Dean slide the mirrored door to the other side of the closet.
Thank you thank you for the kudos and comments as well.
say no to the place he just mentioned. And as he had predicted, the man in the glasses stopped his typing and looks up to Crowley with narrowed eyes, that was meant to be menacing, not adorable.
,” Abaddon shrieked when Castiel pinched her waist right after she said that, earning a burst of laughter from Charlie. She was about to return the pinch to his big brother when she noticed that one of her friends called her. “Oh, I think we’re going now. Really nice to meet you, Charlie! Next time we meet, we’ll talk about
The owner rolled his eyes as he opened the passenger door, “It’s classic. Get in and let’s go.”
“Hi, Baz. Dean
“May the force be with you, Dean. I sent you something, look it up after you got home,” she added the last part in a whisper when she hugged Dean, then turned to Sam to give him an equal loving hug, “Sammy, thank you. I love you boys.”
Dean had a major urge to go over and asked his name, but he hesitated. It would draw too much attention to them, especially in this kind of place, so he just sat down and return the small smile, and almost jumped in his seat when his order came.
I'm not a Castiel/Mick Davies shipper, but for this story, I just think that it might be fun to make Castiel and Mick Davies fool around. They did exchange numbers in the show a few seasons ago, right?
"I'm just messin' with ya, you adorable squirrel. The fact that you, Samuel, Jack, and Eileen accepted Fergus and me as part of your family is enough payback. Maybe I should mend things with Fergus as well, now that we both got what we want. Can you imagine him being Death? He'll be having a field day."
“Dean?”
True, Balthazar used to love him, but it was more to love that came after lust. It was more as a physical connection that leads to a want for the other person to be yours. Now with Dean, Cas was glad that they started off with a good start, getting to know each other. There was a nice realisation in his chest when he traced back to the day when he first met Dean until today, when he could somewhat felt that what they shared was more as an emotional connection.
him. But his mouth suddenly went numb, and his entire body just froze.
Dean returned the smile and took a quick glance at Sam and Charlie who were watching the film with their attention undivided. When he was sure that both of them won’t eaves-dropping what he will say next to Cas, Dean whispered, “You wanna get closer?”
Of course, Dean. Looking forward to it.
He was in Dean’s house, watched the film with Dean, Sam, and Charlie. And Juliet. With bottles of beer and glasses of wine, they also just had the most beautiful dinn-
Jack frowned as he heard Dean’s explanation, although there was something off in his expression. It was more like a disagreement to what he heard than confused. The young millennial then turned to Sam, who sat next to him, “Sam, you took Eileen’s car when you found out she was gone, remember? You also took her stuff, the ones we found when she vanished, including her phone, and put them inside the car trunk.”
That night, Castiel slept with a smile on his face.
Another thing for Castiel, it was Abaddon.
“So, what seemed to be the problem? You looked stressed before. Was that him on the line?”
Eileen nodded in agreement with Jack's words, then she continued her story, "Then Sam told me about The Empty swallowing Billie, or Death? Does that mean Death is dead now? If she was, who's the new Death? What happened to the Death that you killed, Dean? Would he be in The Empty as well, even though he wasn't a demon or angel? And-"
When their drinks and desserts came (apple pie for Dean and peanut butter and jelly cake for Castiel), the talk was once again put on hold. Dean took a peek to Cas, who was humming happily as he brought another spoonful of cake into his mouth. The look on Castiel’s face could only be matched by Sammy’s first try on salmon
“Oh?”
, but it didn’t turned out as good as Cas had expected. Not the film, it was surprisingly good, for a chick flick that was based from a book. But during one of the scenes (where the other gorgeous man that was not Gerard Butler, Cas clearly memorised, was walking butt-naked to his room), Dean suddenly groaned and not five minutes later he decided to fell asleep on Cas’ shoulder. There was also an air of awkwardness from Charlie and Sam, that Cas couldn’t really place what.
“I sent you a surprise, to your workplace,” Balthazar smiled and put his hands into his jeans’ pocket, he chuckled when seeing Castiel cocked his head in confusion. “You’ll find out tomorrow, love. Bye!”
that I got to watch it with my own eyes, Mother."
The car stopped just on the outside of Sam’s office, “Alrightie then. Here’s your stop and have fun!”
. That was all Castiel needed to know that he had the green light to make a move for the librarian and get him cornered somewhere for some fleeting pleasures. But, it was
Dean practically jumped and pulled his gun from-
Hey, buddy!
. It’s not like you broke any law or anything, and he wasn’t exactly straight as well back then.”
"Wait," Eileen cut in, "you said that you were made Death a few days ago? We had a new God appointed not even a week ago, do you think it was Her?"
“Dean?”
"Pie," the little brother finished what the other man couldn't.
hour and
The new Death squinted at Dean before he picked up where the conversation left off, "I assumed this has something to do with that blush on your face and the fastened heartbeat of yours, Dean."
“Um,” the pause between them was signing that Dean was reading the package, “Indonesian seasoning for meat. It’s from Sumatra, spicy and need a long time to cook. That’s challenging. What say you?”
“Dean?”
For some reasons Castiel’s reply triggered something in him, and his voice got a bit more stern as he continued, “No, Cas, you don’t get to tell me
“Vonnegut.”
Castiel got into his Duran Duran t-shirt and shorts after he had his warm and nice shower. He went downstairs again to fill his water bottle and turned the lights in the kitchen. Misha was playing by himself on the sofa in front of the television, but when he saw Cas went pass, the little feline quickly followed his human to the bedding area.
“Good night, Cas. Sleep well.”
“Two older brothers, Lucifer and Gabriel, one older sister, Raphael, and Sammy.”
Castiel beamed at the question, “Oh, you knew!”
green.
“Green tea,” Gabriel replied shortly.
“It’s green. What is wrong with you?” Sam looked to him, eyebrows raised and lines shown on his forehead, “You okay?”
The man Dean addressed to still have his eyes widened in surprise of seeing Dean. There was a short pause between them, just looking at each other, as if making sure that their eyes didn’t trick them. Then Cas smiled to the man before him.
did Garth know? All he could remember was telling Garth the story of how Cas had been excellent in helping him and Sam in many cases, and also to keep him grounded. That was also Dean’s conclusion on why Garth named one of his twins “Castiel”.
It was probably the
?" Dean turned sharply to Crowley, who then raised both of his hands in surrender after expressing his agreement to what The Empty said before.
“Sure, Dean. I’d like that,” Cas replied.
After some discussions about risks and profit, Ellen let Dean shadowed her at work for three months just so he could learn what to do as an owner of a dining place and how to manage it. Turned out, Dean enjoyed it very much, so he and his adoptive parents started to make a plan on business owning and managing.
The story that came from his companion made Dean reminded of himself and his brother. He was always looked after Sammy, since Bobby and Ellen took them under their roof, and it was the only thing that couldn’t change between the brothers. Even now as they both grew older and had their own personal lives, they couldn’t stay too far away from each other.
“Oh. Okay. I’m good.”
A quick gawk from a woman made him turned his attention from the men, and he saw a young woman was throwing a snap at a middle age woman with a scarf around her head. From what he had gathered, based on his hearing, the older woman was cutting the line just before the younger woman. He had seen similar incidents too often, he knew arguing with a woman that looked like the older madam won’t bring anything to the other party, no matter what the argument is.
for Cas to return to him. The angel is the one person who understands Dean’s life, besides Sam. Cas won’t be questioning if he, or they, had to leave so suddenly to another city for a job. Cas would go with them and support them. Even with his power all downgraded, thanks to the chaos in Heaven.
“Everything’s good. Me, Pamela, and Benny been working on something fun for the summer to attract customers,” Dean placed the salad at the centre of the table, then he turned to check the coffeemaker.
Dean rolled his eyes, but took out the plates from the cabinet anyway. He gave one to Sam, who had sat on one of the chairs on the small dining table in the kitchen.
Jack blinked as soon as Dean finished sharing his thought, "I'm not gonna lie, that's actually a good idea, but yeah, we're short on healer now. So, maybe we should step back a bit from the idea that is related to death?"
He knew that he practically raided the brothers’ fridge for his salad, but Cas wanted to contribute something to their dinner and he was so excited about it. He knew Dean probably wouldn’t have salad, but Cas would love it if he could push Dean on having his salad.
That was not the answer Dean expected. He let out a full body laughter, that made him threw his head back and almost spin in place. Faintly, he could hear Cas copied his laughter, only softer.
He had the man he loved back with him.
keep a secret that big and decided to reveal it as your death wish. How long have you kept it? A year? It’s just not fair, not for you and not for everybody else.”
Dean returned the smile before continue with the groceries, “We’re good?”
I'm currently trying to update this one once a week, on the weekend (Friday or Saturday), so you guys won't have to be left hanging as long as my other fic.
Right after he replied to Kevin, Castiel noticed that his Messenger was blinking.
“It's the ending where you grow old,” Dean added, “you get sick, and you just die.”
“Ten? I think ten. I forgot. I’ll text you my boarding pass later,” the answer came with a rattled sound of papers and wood, probably Gabriel was looking for the print out or something. Or maybe he simply made random noises so Castiel would think that he was looking for it.
after?
The place looked like a decent and lovely spot to have lunch, and pet friendly as well, obviously. Yeah, it would be a good lunch plan for Castiel and his boys, before they went home and Castiel has to start on his work.
"And being brought back to life," Dean continued, "to see your sons as adults who are older than you probably was too much for her. She got through this phase, of course, as you saw. Then, things happened, and as Sam and I learnt of who she really was, maybe her time was up, again."
Dean saw Cas nodded silently at his answer, but he didn’t get any further comment, whether Cas had read any Vonnegut or not. He decided to continue, “I worked as a part time lecturer, while helping out my foster dad in his garage for a few years. Sammy was working with his friends as a freelance lawyer, and I was just got accepted as a permanent staff at one public school back then when we received the news about the bunker. Few months later, after loads of paperworks and job hunting, we moved here.”
The dark haired man took the kitten from Dean’s hand, and it instantly purred happily. “That’s okay, Dean. Thank you. There you are, Misha. You naughty kid. You’re afraid of Juliet, are you?”
“Fair enough. Jesus, I don’t think I could get used to that name, “Dean had his head hung down, as if his future existence was condemned by the name Lucifer.
But it was when Dean moved forward to place the phone down and put his chin on his palm that spun Cas’ head around.
"Wait, wait,
"Dean, please."
episode? It’s from two years ago!”
"How could I forget that? That might wor-oh no, wait. We're gonna be back to square one if that happened."
A fresh-from-shower Castiel that would smell like him and wearing his clothes.
looking for Cas. Benny told me," Sam shot Dean his bitch face No 835. "And when Cas died the last time? You were practically a grieving widow."
He was too deep in his thought that he didn’t realise that the other people who were on the table with him had set their eyes on him. They started to get concerned since he didn’t make a significant movement or sound for the past few minutes, especially after Rowena who sat next to him asked a question. Dean didn’t even flinch at it.
“Uh,” Dean almost stopped walking when he saw the happiness in Cas’ face, “in your closet, behind the t-shirts. Sorry, I kinda made a mess up there.”
Dean held Cas' hand and led him to the same direction Sam went before, the car garage. He took Cas to the Impala and grinned mischievously as he attacked Cas' neck again with his lovebites, while started to strip Cas off his trench coat and suit jacket.
“Uh, yeah, I’m at the coffee shop, waiting for them to arrive. Are you home, Dean?”
Castiel is enjoying me-time jogging at the pet park with his boys, Romeo and Misha. Then he met a surprise at the end of his run.
Hey, Cas. You home? You alright?
And probably Mary Winchester was the
Balthazar laughed when he heard Dean’s protest, “That’s gold, Charlie. Cassie must know about this. Can I text him, Dean?”
The brunette took off her earphones and paused the Korean drama she was watching on her tablet, and looks up to Castiel. “You have a kitten?”
“We’ll do a raincheck, Cas.”
to be in the area, and he got hungry, and decided to drop by here to have lunch? Will Dean see him again? Where?
Based on his experiences with both Deaths, Dean could say that each Death had their own unique scythe. The first Death has a relatively traditional version, just like what you would see on storybooks and all. While Billie's was a bit of modern fashion.
Soon after asking that, Castiel could visualised his friend’s smile grew wider from one ear to the other, that usually made him looked like an excited child on Christmas morning (of course, Castiel
“So, you can take Baz to the exhibition, Dean. No hard feelings.”
“Dean, you were only visiting, not living there,” Cas defended himself, also biting Claire’s bait, “trust me, it’s different when you live there.”
The dentist chuckled to the memory before getting up and went to look for fruits in his fridge. He found a dragon fruit, so he decided to cut it for snack. That was the time his mobile chirped, notifying him that a message just got in. Cas finished cutting the fruit and returned to the living room to check on his phone.
“Well, I’m in bed already, Dean. Uh, sleep! I’m ready to sleep, that is.”
There was a certain pang of pain showed on his face, after hearing that the victim got her tongue ripped out, like a symbolism on what happened at the pie fair. Completely powerless to say anything that could be said.
Dean appreciated that from Cas.
what you want, Dean Winchester. In fact, you and the angel Castiel wanted the
Lucifer who will be at the same house with him.
“God, that’s totally wrong! We’re not some Greek mythology gods!” Dean sighed and placed his forehead on the steering wheel.
“So, how did it go with-?”
"Glad to see you well, Bela, given the circumstances," Sam said.
"Rowena, this is fantastic!" Dean's face was beaming again at this plan.
As he walked to the kitchen, Dean couldn’t help to think of a way,
“Who told
Castiel brought the tea for Dean, and placed it on the coffee table, before he sat on the sofa. “Yeah, I just adopted a cat,” as if on cue, the soft sound of bell came from the stairs that goes to Castiel’s bed, followed by a cheerful meow from a yellow kitten, who jumped to the sofa and purred loudly when seeing its human. “Dean, this is Misha. Misha, that's Dean.”
“That’s why I said that they had a different technology with us today,” Sam defended himself. “Although, if I have to be honest, the device itself probably isn’t the worst thing in the process. It was what you would see when it happened.”
Dean turned to Cas and smiled, “Thanks, Cas. really appreciate it,” he returned the squeeze on Cas’ hand.
The familiar voice made Dean turned his face to the source, “Heya, Sammy,” he responded with his mouth full. “Thought you guys are asleep. Eileen here?”
“Do you wanna take this somewhere else?” Dean whispered huskily on Cas’ ear as he ran his fingernails across the low of Cas’ back, earning even more moans from the angel.
Castiel raised his hands in frustration that was mixed with confusion, “I’m
“Okay, um, to the chair, Dean.”
Dean chuckled again, "I can join you, you know."
and making his jeans felt unreasonably tight.
Cas shrugged at the question, “I don’t quite remember. Probably six? Seven?”
“Finally!”
"Our Dad's still in Hell?"
“Oh?”
“Shut up,” Dean leaned back to the sofa, “put the movie on, Charlie.”
Dean Winchester."
He knew that the brunch time together probably was the relaxing time he needed. He also highly appreciated the meal cooked by Sam and Eileen. However, Dean couldn’t help thinking that he needed the brunch time to quickly end so they could look into the lore and books on how to help Cas, even though his all-night reading didn’t come to fruition.
As he saw them left, Dean couldn’t help thinking that they were actually getting nowhere with the plan to help Cas. The Empty was new territory for them, literally. Even though they’ve been familiarised with it when Cas died the last time, somehow they didn’t even bother to do research about it. Now, Dean had practically everyone worked on ways to help him get Cas out from The Empty.
The smiling face of Dean Winchester.
Castiel bumped himself back to the chair, huffing out breath that he didn’t know he was holding. He knew that the only thing that stopped anything to happen just before was the fact that they were doctor and patient. Given they weren’t, he didn’t dare to imagine what could happened between him and the very fine man who was just in his office.
And moving forward slowly to kiss Cas’ lips. As how they kissed before at Gabriel’s event, it was soft and lustless. There was no tongue activity involved, only lips. Cas did felt Dean was nibbling on his lower lip, though, and it was fantastic. Dean pulled back when the elevator made a ding sound and stopped.
scene."
"Hey, Crowley, I've got a question."
too surprised, the expression on Sam's face when he was shown the pocket watch was of familiarity. Sam took the watch from Dean's hand and eyed it closely, "What was it doing there? I thought Chuck destroyed it?"
"Rowena, wait,
He didn't know why he said that.
CASTIEL COULDN’T REMEMBER when was the last time he let his excitement out with someone who wasn’t Gabriel or Claire. Sure, there was Balthazar, but that felt like a lifetime ago, and it was different. With Balthazar, Castiel felt more like a child who just get to see the world for the first time. While with Dean now, he felt a different kind of excitement, it was more like when he first move to England, and when he moved to this city. That kind of excitement, to see what he will face if he took another step forward.
“Oh, then dinner’s on Saturday?”
"I want to return what he said to me. The last time I saw him, I didn't get to tell him that, even after what he said."
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Dean raised both of his hands.
"Oh, she's his mother?"
Dean chuckled at the other man’s question, “Friday, I’ve got an appointment with you, and we’ll go pick up Crowley’s dog, right?”
Yes, Loki is not exactly an angel’s name, Castiel still loved him. He loved the film wholly, actually,
band will play. “We’re going to meet our friend who had provide us the tickets for tomorrow,”
“You weren’t the only one who had changed from the twelve years we knew each other. You had an effect on me as well, Cas. All the things that you said to me, you were right, I always saw myself just like our enemies saw me. I believed that I was
attention towards his love life. “Uh, thanks?”
“Really? You’re putting
When he was doing the buttons of his shirt, his phone chirped; it was the address of a diner where they would meet up. He consulted Google Map on his phone and learnt that it was nearby.
that was the look they went for, none of the brothers could see clearly behind the masks.
“Hey, Cas?”
When he felt Cas had accustomed with his finger, Dean inserted the second one, and this time he could hear the sound that came out from Cas' luscious lips was a mixture of pain and pleasure. Dean stopped his movement for a bit and started to pull out his fingers from Cas, but then he heard his lover let out a whine as if missing the sensation of Dean's fingers inside him.
"Know what?" There was a mix of confusion and fear in Castiel's voice as he copied Dean's whispering.
“As much as I would like to support your idea, Gabriel, I think Castiel has a point here,” Sam offered his opinion. “There are seven of us here, and with them just in a car, that would leave five of us in another car. And even in Dean’s Impala I don’t think three people in the backseat would be a delightful idea. Especially with my size.”
“Okay, Dean. Thanks.”
was Chuck's ending, Dean, it wasn't ours. Everything that came up from that watch is Chuck's work," Sam took the watch from the floor. "When I had this, everything that was shown, nothing-there was no happiness there, Dean. No Cas, no Eileen, no Jack,
“Hey, Eileen! So good to have you back,” Dean stepped out from the car and gave the girl a hug, before pulling away so Eileen could see his mouth, “Are you alright? All limbs attached?”
If he had to be honest, those weren’t foreign words to Castiel’s ears. Still, there was a flash of pride in his chest every time he heard his sexual partner complimented his size. He chuckled darkly before placing both of his hands on the side of the librarian’s face, brushed his lips to the other man’s teasefully, and muttered, “I
Dean could only blink as he listened to her. If he had to be honest, it wasn't the information that he should be surprised at, considering how John Winchester died, but still, it was shocking.
Balthazar let out a laugh, “Cassie, I have to go. But, I’m happy that you met Dean and it turned out alright. I hope it will be fantastic for you both!”
With his name flowing from the other man's luscious lips, Dean continued to lower his hand on Castiel's abdomen. Until he found the growing bulge between his legs. Dean stroked Cas' hardening member from his pyjama pants.
Castiel shrugged and waved his hand softly, “Well, it’s no competition, really. Come on, it’s only Saturday morning. You still have Saturday night
Something in Dean’s head suddenly clicked at the information, and he blurted out, “You wanna have dinner somewhere?”
Want me to call you?
“Oh. Okay. So, uh, Sam knew that I’ll be coming over for dinner this weekend? And bringing Juliet?”
Rowena had many exciting tales from the day she claimed the throne of Hell that are highly amusing. It was amazing to know that her witching skill was now even more powerful than the demons in Hell.
Cas nodded as the answer, "Novak. My safe word is Novak."
"Ooh, you two
It was almost fascinating how he could remember that, up to the
After he made their order, the light brown haired man eyed the dentist, who was looking at his phone under the table. Dean waited until Cas was free from his phone before continued the talk.
“Okay, I’m sorry, that was my fault,” Abaddon nodded solemnly to her big brother, and flipped the menu. “Well, continue, please.”
Cas felt his face turned several shades of red with that question. “It’s not that simple, Claire.”
They never will.
"Oh, I need to hear this. Come on, Dean, tell us," Sam returned to his chair and looked excitedly to Dean's direction, whose face got even redder.
While he was walking to the entrance, Castiel wondered what did he do to deserved such luck, and what had waited for him inside.
As he drove, Dean couldn’t stop his mind from working extra hard, replaying everything that had happened between him and Cas. He also couldn’t help to curse himself repeatedly, on how he
"That's what I've been thinking since you told me about it," Crowley answered. "You see, when I first arrived here, it was quiet, dark
Thank you for being so patient and for all the kudos, hits, and bookmarks <3
If anything, Sammy really knew how to sugarcoat some words and make other people pleased. He should be working in Sales or Marketing, instead of a law firm, really.
The answer that Castiel gave
late, and she had started to ask. As he looked down to reply, the corner of Dean’s eyes noticed that there was a man who was opening the door and holding it for him and Sam.
Cas shrugged with a smile, “Whichever easier for you to reach from there.”
"Well, I can always
At the last note, Dean looked up from his tissue and smiled to his dentist (not knowing what the smile could do to the good doctor’s insides), “Sounds good, Doc. Now what should I do with the holes?”
Clearly, he
The short questions brought warmth to his chest, and he smiled. Funny how Dean’s text message got in right after he thought how quiet his place is after Gabriel and Claire went back.
"Okay. Do you need a safe word?" Cas asked innocently.
“I understand,” Cas stood up and walked slowly, pacing around the balcony.
He slide the phone back into his pants’ pocket, while stealing another glance at the young man in leather jacket. And for the second time, Castiel felt like his breath was halted inside his lungs, refused to flow.
“Aren’t you cold? Why didn’t you stay inside?”
When he reached Rowena and Sam's table, he saw Sam was working on the spell, while Rowena was supervising. Dean smiled at the sight before him, and he approached the Queen.
died; Donna, the girls, Eileen, all of our remaining friends. You-you buried Cas in a Ma'lak Box because he went insane after taking up the Mark of Cain. Then at the end of all things, apparently, we both were turned into vampires, then Jody and Bobby killed us. Well, you killed Jody before Bobby killed you."
“Hey!” came the unison answer from Dean and Gabriel.
“Ah, I’ll take your word for it, then. I was thinking of falling asleep in the middle, but you convinced me,” Dean sounded so happy when saying this, true the sleepiness in his voice was disappeared.
“Deal, Cas. looking forward to it.”
Sammy & my friend’s here. We’re gonna order now. U guys have dinner?
“Good luck, brother.”
Pie trucks filled the road, and there were tables where patrons could sit and enjoy the pies. It probably was one of the best views he has ever seen for the past twenty years. "You're crying. I'm gonna go get some, uh-"
Thank you so much for leaving kudos, and thank you, THANK YOU, for reading!
Rowena then stated, "Could you blame him, Dean? Castiel really was a handsome angel, and I think you had a crush on Balthazar given how you remembered the details of him."
After few moments of exchanging looks, Dean finally started, “The offer still stands if you want.”
“No, I’m still Jack,” the young boy pouted at the formality, earning a burst of laughter from the three adults in the room. “Well, we came bearing thank you gifts for you two, for saving the Earth, again. I did a quick check on Chuck; apparently a local helped him from the lake, and now he lived in a shelter.”
in the morning?" Castiel laid on his back and finally looked into Dean with squinty eyes.
It was as if a light bulb just brightened in Castiel’s head. He returned the kale and parmesan cheese into the fridge and took out his phone to find his big brother’s number. Castiel called Gabriel, and he waited for several rings before he heard the familiar voice.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas returned the smile with one of his best, “wha-what’s with the video call?”
“We’re having a sort-of Asian for dinner, Samuel,” he announced cheerily.
“Of course. Everyone kept saying that Cassie’s gorgeous, it’s not gonna hurt him to know that someone said that he’s Gollum for a change,” Balthazar took out his phone to type a message and then send it. “Samuel, you will have another beautiful brother.”
“Dude, are you fucking kidding me? That thing is as thick as a pencil!” Dean waved his hand to the syringe that might make an appearance in his nightmares.
“No, he was, uh, he was really my patient. But we became close now. Actually, Balthazar recommended me to him when he got problems with his teeth back then.”
“Sammy! Charlie! Cas is here!”
Gabriel shook his head in defeat. "Sam said that he knows your Dad, that means your Dad is famous among young lawyers, right?"
Castiel reached for the menu book that was on the table, “Uh, not yet. Sorry. Mind giving us a few more minutes?”
“Thank you for doing it so well,” replied Cas with a smile that was addressed to both Sam and Charlie. After he was sure that they had walked to their respective rooms, he switched the channels until he found a documentary on Balinese coffee.
"Uh …"
Abaddon showed her thoughtful expression once again, “Yeah, sorry about that. I still couldn’t understand why Dad was like
, Castiel would most definitely remember it. The man in front of him was well-built,
The beautiful brunette turned to Dean and smiled, “Hey, Dean, you’re just in time. Sam and Jack were just catching me up with what happened to Chuck.”
Dean chuckled at the question, as his brain automatically pictured the look on Castiel’s face when there was a woman kept talking when he’s trying to mend her son’s teeth.
“What are you guys watching there?”
“Wow, Cas, that’s some thought you have there,” Sam chuckled. “But, that platypus thing, I don’t think it was God made.”
After he changed his clothes, Dean headed to the ward to meet his lover. He saw Cas sleep soundlessly while hugging a pillow that he stole from the bed next to his.
“No. I want to take you to that
Sam turned to his mentor in witchcraft, "Probably some ingredients to create a crossing spell. Do you mind if we look into your apartment when we managed to make the spell, Rowena?"
And with that, the concern was forgotten.
There were exhausting days where Dean and John would headbutt about his decision, after a while Bobby and Ellen would join in and give their thoughts on the issue to John, given they also raise Dean as their own (even though Bobby and Ellen weren't married, and merely neighbours at the time). Of course, this only made John even more upset.
Even so, Dean let the song played as they drive out from the garage to find the nearest restaurant to buy dinner for their family. He couldn't stop smiling throughout the drive, while holding Cas' hand brought it to his lips every once in a while.
He could feel his heart skipped a beat when he saw it. He was quite sure that it also is shown in his expression. He might have found it today, of all days.
"Ooh, I want to hear it too! It would be fun to hear how your parents met."
The blue eyes that were looking at him with fondness had now turned worried, and Dean didn’t like that.
Dean felt the need to explain the relationship between the three of them, “Balthazar was Cas’ ex back then, and now for some reasons he thought Cas and I would hit it off. So, he introduced me to Cas, when I need to check on my teeth. Cas is a dentist, and a good one. So far, I’m not complaining.”
Of course, he would deny crying, even though he could feel the corners of his eyes started to get damp as he saw the sight before him.
Dean then followed the dentist to where he was, and as he arrived on the lower room, he saw Cas was in the kitchen and opening every cabinet there. He also found out what made the little kitten hide so far away. Juliet was jumping excitedly at Dean, being curious to the small creature.
It might took a while for Dean to realise, but he could feel the other people in the car with him were eyeing him, as if waiting for him to say something. Well, not only they were eyeing him, Sam and Charlie were surely sitting a little closer than they were used to before.
“No, Crowley, I’m still working on today’s patients’ paper works. I think I’m just gonna delivery. You want anything?”
“Yeah, that means more for Cas and me!” Dean called after his brother, earning a smile from the other man. “We gonna have this for breakfast tomorrow, Cas,” said Dean as he moved to check on the stew.
"Hey!" Dean could swear that he was that close to smacking Crowley's head, but since he was now Death, Dean knew that it wouldn't be wise not to do anything unpleasant to him. "So, how do we meet this The Empty?"
He was about to move on to the next dish when he felt someone tapped his shoulder. For a second, he wondered who would find him here at
“Why?”
Cas turned to Dean, "Sam kinda got the point, Dean."
“What?”
“I’m really sorry. I, uh, I guess I got carried away when you didn’t respond to any of my texts and calls.”
Benny’s question made Dean’s jaw fell directly and he sits up straight, “That’s today? Shit,” Dean ran his hands over his short sandy hair when he saw Benny nods silently. “Ergh, I gotta reschedule.”
Dean leaned forward to lift Cas’ chin up, “Hey, that’s okay. So, you’re finished for the day, should we get ready to pick up the puppy?”
Dean had to look down to his hands for a second to prevent the blush on his face made an appearance, then he decided to just let it be. “The house was fully maintained. Our grandfather inherited us a house that was bill-free for a lifetime! I have told you this, haven’t I? At your place?”
than that. He-"
happened. The boys watched
“Samuel,” Castiel tilted his head to one side and repeated the name with a voice that made Dean have to give his mind another trivial thought on mundanity.
“Toilet?” Dean started to wonder if the lady behind the desk understood English, or perhaps she was a Caucasian-looking Korean who couldn’t speak English. That would be a problem, and not in a racist way.
“Really?” a curious excitement popped in Dean’s voice, when Cas finished his answer. “Okay, I have in my hand now an instant hot drink. It said here that the drink contained milk, egg, honey, and ginger. You want to have that?”
you?”
“Actually, yeah. I’ve got an early class tomorrow, at eight-thirty. What time is it no-oh, it’s almost midnight already?”
The question from Dean halted Cas on his steps to the chairs on his balcony. “I, uh, I got my tracksuit on?”
He continued driving, and humming along to the song, when he remembered that he haven't told Cas that he's on his way. Dean took out his phone and searched for Cas' number quickly before changing the lane. There was about four or five rings before the dentist answered.
It probably was the Scottish blood of their mother’s, that she was more laidback than her husband. Castiel heard her telling his father that whoever their children love should
"Hey," Sam replied in a tired voice, before he continued, "please leave her be. She's alive now."
“Yeah, I bought us some junk food,” Sam lifted his right hand, that was holding a plastic bag from a well known Korean fried chicken restaurant in their town.
As if he didn't have enough thought about his situation with Dean, Castiel's uncooperative brain suddenly reminded him that he had an investigation task from Gabriel. He still remembered the enjoyable conversation that he had with Dean last week. Still, it would be a lie if he said that that was enough information about the gorgeous green-eyed man before him. Castiel tried
He jumped from the table and approached Crowley, who was now looking at the books on Rowena's bookshelf in the library after his mother scowled at him and sent him to the shelves.
There was a calculating tone in Rowena's voice when she asked the question.
“Erotica,” he answered, and earned disgusted groans from his children, before he continued, “it’s something your grandfather, my father, wrote ages ago. Something about humans versus angels and demons, and later God himself. It’s something that wouldn’t hit the well-known bookstore shelves, but gained quite a popularity outside the mainstream audience.”
“Are you alright?”
"Having a sibling who you can spend a good time with. Even now as you both had grown up," Dean answered,
“Right. So, turned out what Cas felt in me - stop looking at me like that - was an angelic grace. Here,” Sam showed the book that he had opened in front of him. The book Castiel discovered when they were trying to sort out Sam’s situation around six years ago. “That whenever an angel possessed a human and left, they’d leave some sort of angelic fingerprint.”
tasted delicious,” then he leered his eyes down to the librarian’s name tag, “Mick.”
Until they stopped.
"Douchey big brother," Dean's answer made both of them laugh.
This time it was Sam who responded, “No worries, Cas. Anyway, since it was only Dean who was still eating, should we take out the dessert? Dean, Charlie bought that pie you love from her neighbourhood.”
Dean sucked his teeth at that. "That sounds awful. How did The Empty manage its place? Only angels, demons, and humans that it claimed who can live there?"
of the time) have good advise that Castiel would gladly follow.
Dean might say that he didn’t know the time, but as the answer came with a yawn, Castiel felt a soft pang of guilt inside. Did Dean stay awake waiting to hear from him, although he knew that he had an early class tomorrow?
Like tonight.
Hello, sunshin
“I’ll look after him, Uncle Cassie,” they both shared a loving hug, and a kiss on the top of her head for Claire.
They continued washing the dishes in a lighter mood, and Dean even made some jokes to Jack that needed further explanations for him to get it. Those were the times where Dean concluded that maybe Jack wasn’t as matured as he thought.
Dean took the opportunity and crashed his mouth to Cas' as he started thrusting at a punishing pace. He moved his hands to Cas' buttocks to grip it tightly as he kept on pumping. It didn't take long for Dean to feel his climax building, he let Cas' hair go so the man above him could lift himself up a bit and they looked at each other.
“Sam and I are good, but Cas, not so much. He, uh, he, um, he-”
“Cas! Hi!” the girl squeaked before she hugged him tight. “Finally you’re here! Did Dean tried to keep you for himself?”
How do they know that Cas has awakened at The Empty and transported back to Earth?
Dean rolled his eyes as he wore his henley, "Fine. Be back in an hour or so." He still sat on the car seat, while watching Cas putting on his suit jacket. It probably a reversed version of stripping, but it gave Dean the same effect nonetheless. "You know, Cas, you can wear something else other than that suit and trench coat when you're in the bunker."
“The look on your face, Cas,” answered Dean, “they’re priceless.”
Gabriel chuckled at his little brother's question, "You know, Cassie, I'd always thought that you'll take the torch for Dad's publishing company. Who knew you'd actually wanted to look after your silly big brother. Thank heavens Mum and Dad decided to adopted Raphaelle ages ago."
It was entirely unexpected for Dean to see Castiel riding his dick and holding his hand in such a dominant way. The look on Castiel's face was priceless. It was how he usually looked at the monsters who wouldn't cooperate with them, or sometimes Dean was on the receiving end, but this time it was different.
I uploaded this from my mobile, so apologies beforehand if the format was a bit dodgy. It looked good on the mobole preview. Honestly.
The conversation was on hold when their main course came. Dean smiled hungrily to his roast chicken and rosemary, and as he looked across the table he made a mental note to introduce Castiel to Sam.
"Damn, you're right," Sam sighed. "Well, turned out it wasn't Amara who pulled you out from The Empty, Crowley."
“Cassie, calm down.”
And the moment was
Being a freelancer, working on weekends was an exciting matter for Castiel, such as what he was doing tonight. Gathered up with some friends that he would consider unexpected, spent a good time working and laughed with them (while earning a sharp look from the librarian), learnt anything interesting that sometimes could be a conversation started when he was about to pick up someone from the bar. He could even sharpen the skill that he had since graduating from uni. Some nights he
“Oh, please, no need for formality,” Amara waved a hand, “we all made mistakes. Before I sent Metatron to you, I had to release him from this secret Heaven’s jail that I sent him to a few years ago. I’m so sorry, Metatron. I promise I won’t do that again. In fact, I had had that jail removed now.”
Hellhound," Eileen replied flatly.
, since she was the gentlest, caring, and beautiful woman Dean ever knew, who always wished for the best for her boys. Even in the short six months Sammy had her.
Unfortunately, for Dean, the respond he gave was attracting an interest from his brother. Sam had now went to a halt with his meal, and got his cheekiest eyes on Dean. “Someone new, then. I know
Crowley frowned in puzzlement, "How many other universes are there?"
?" the disbelief in Sam's voice was so loud. "Crowley, why don't
for him, and how the current situation has been
movie on Friday?”
He heard the question clearly, but Dean felt like he needed more assurance that he understood it. "What do you mean?"
Rowena looked directly into Dean's eyes, "I have to be honest with you, Dean, I don't know anything about this The Empty. Maybe you can tell me a bit about it, so I'll know what to do?"
Cas looked up and let out another laugh, “Yes, Teacher.”
“Thank you, Garth.”
Talk about the kiss? Like some teenagers? About the weather? About a certain Indian soap opera that Naomi is currently watching? What?
Dean fell silent with that explanation, he looked back and forth from Jack and Sam before sighing. "Yeah, that makes sense. So, extracting Michael's grace from me?"
Dean wanted to take Balthazar to the exhibition, and he was asking Cas’ permission? Why? It wasn’t like Cas and Balthazar still have something between them. And Balthazar was Dean’s friend, even before he met Cas. Balthazar made Dean met Cas. There shouldn’t be anything to be uncomfortable with in this situation.
Or in the next ten minutes.
Cas tilted his head to one side and continue looking at the man next to him, “Dean. I’m here. If you want to talk about something, anything, you can talk to me.”
Dean’s heart made that speeding beat again. He was holding Cas’ hand. He walked with Cas, holding hand. They walked to Cas’ bedroom. He’s in Cas’ bedroom now. Cas’ bed was so nice. Dean got his breath hitched when he saw the closet. It filled half of one of the walls, and it has large mirror that showed the bed, and
Today was the latter. Castiel opened his eyes and instantly noticed that the ceilings were not of his room. Not only the roofs but also the bed he was sleeping in and the smell of his surroundings.
“Dammit!”
“What about the mum?”
“Of course,” a smile so wide showed on Eileen’s face. “Since I already packed before, we can just go now.”
Castiel poured more wine into his glass, then he swirled it lazily before taking a drink. He actually still remembered that Dean was about to say something to him before Abaddon came. Yet, he didn't know if he wanted to hear the rest of the sentence or not.
The blue-eyed man was still wondering what did that mean, when he heard Dean walked back to the kitchen, still talking to the phone.
"Yeah, I could imagine," Dean slowed his steps as he tried to listen more carefully while making sure that he wouldn't be left too far behind from Crowley. "Do you think that's why this place would only have angels and demons? Because they're just so different from humans?"
“Yeah, Sammy, about that … I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before,” Dean started, not wanting the air in the car turned awkward.
Cas smiled to Dean’s question and lifted up the bottle in his hand, “I’m still good, Dean, thank you,” he replied with soft voice.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you ... The family of Charles Shurley and Rowena Macleod.
do you become so protective?” Dean narrowed his eyes, in hope he could intimidate his brother like when they were children. Unfortunately, he failed in doing so, Sammy just gave him a bitch face treatment. “You’ll know tomorrow, Sammy.”
“Already bring them down, Gabe!” he replied and put the bedsheets on, before taking a step back to admire his work.
He missed Cas so much.
“Oh-kay,” Claire had her hands on the handler and dashboard, trying hard to stay still on her seat.
Castiel suddenly felt stupid when Dean said that, and he let out a nervous laugh, "I-I'm sorry, a glass of water would do, thanks. Dean."
“He was. He still is.”
“He’s
“Hey, Peter Pan, you alright there?”
Dean groaned with an eye roll before he sat up and gave his opinion, “Yeah, but the childhood crush didn’t do anything! What did she
"Oh right, you were here when I was going back home to Alaska," Pamela chuckled before she slithered her toned arm around Gabriel's waist. "Well, this time we're here together. So, who's blue eyes here?"
He could say something to Cas. He could say
Dean felt his eyes started to water again at the sweet gesture. Three times. He had cried his heart out
“Maybe don’t shout so loud that I sleep with many men? And while at a
The cheeky call made Dean quickly lifted up his sight from Balthazar’s chest that was slightly exposed by his v-neck shirt, making the British man chuckled.
After years of going back and forth of the country, John finally took Bobby’s offer to work with him at one of the workshops he owned. With everything that happened, it only understandable if John wanted Dean to continue the work he’s done. However, even with Dean enjoyment to fixed cars and all that, especially his ’67 Impala, for him that was all just a hobby, not something that he would consider seriously as something to support his life.
“Hey, Cas, how long has it been since that day I went to your practice?”
There was an air of awkwardness when Dean just stood there looking back and forth from Castiel and the kitten. The silence was torturous for Castiel, because the moment Dean stepped inside his apartment, he found that the air inside his place suddenly went pleasant, the man brought his easiness into the apartment. It was like setting the fireplace on during a cold winter night. It was like Dean brought the home to this place.
* * *
— Castiel would love to run his fingers on them, while the green-eyed man pounded into him.
Dean swore he could see Cas virtually bounced happily at that, and pick some of the kale, and mushrooms, and capsicum.
of feeling that, actually.
There was always something in Dean’s faux bravado that made Cas smiled and rolled his eyes, even though Dean knew. This time included.
There was a small hopeful hint on Dean’s face, yet there was also a cheeky glint in his eyes that could make Cas giggled like a teenage schoolgirl, and bit his lower lip while thinking of the answer (that he already knew).
Guys! Thank you for the hits and kudos!! You guys area awesome!! Thank you, thank you!! <3 <3
Dean enjoyed the movie Charlie played for them, honestly he didn’t expected that he would. When the movie finished, it was a little bit after two in the morning, and his eyelids were heavy. Sam yawned and turned the television off before saying goodnight and walked to his room. Charlie decided that she would sleep on the couch in the common room, she loves the ambiance there, whatever that means. Dean rubbed her hair lovingly before heading to his own room.
“That’s okay, help yourself with the tissue,” Castiel pointed at his small box of tissue with his pen. “Your problem seemed to be the-“
“I thought we gonna have it for breakfast? You’re about to go to bed as well.”
“The father walks out with the baby, and currently the mother is shouting at the other two,” Castiel didn’t even bother to lower his voice, especially since the mother’s voice could be heard throughout the diner.
Cooking had always been one of Castiel’s favourite thing to do. He used to do it with Gabriel, Cas would cook dinner for the family and Gabriel would bake desserts. Of course, Gabriel was the one who took up cooking – or baking in his case – seriously, and Castiel, being the good little brother, preferred to be the one who (would be) took care of Gabriel’s teeth, if ever he had problems with them because of the sweet desserts the older brother made.
“Right, I’ll put you down for six o’clock appointment with Doctor Novak.”
After he finished his meal, Castiel rinsed the plate and put it inside the dishwasher, then he cleaned up the kitchen before going upstairs for shower and getting ready for bed.
Rowena went silent at the idea, that sounded so alien to her, but then she responded. "Okay, have you boys got any ideas where to start?"
“I have watched you die six times, Cas, and that’s more than enough. I don’t mean to add more of that to the list,” the look in Dean’s eyes had now challenged the man before him, and he didn’t intend to let Cas cut him again. “The first one was when Lucifer possessed Sammy, and he blew you up after you Molotov Michael. Then when you swallowed the whole leviathan in Purgatory, I even lost you in Purgatory. Next, it was when the Reaper April killed you as a human, then Lucifer killed you again, and now, The Empty. I couldn’t-I
what he had in mind entirely.
reckless dropping a photo of him and Baz, but it was his niece who found it,
For you who had read the story so far and still bearing it with me, THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
Dean, are you alright? I hear car horns. Dean! Dean?
“Yeah, Dean, you were crying during
He looked up to find Dean was eyeing back to him and lifting his hand to softly run the tip of his fingers on the side of Cas’ face. It was light and chaste against Cas’ skin, a ghostly touch that sent a massive reaction to his body. He could feel the blood in his body went to two separate places. His face and his groin.
"Yep, you're right. Cas and I will go out and buy pizza or something," Dean tapped Cas' shoulder to sign him to get up, so they can start getting dressed. "Do you want anything, Rowena?"
The big brother stepped up to tear the mask off their prisoner, then he slapped the face underneath it. “Hey. Hey there, Sleepy.”
Leaving the other three people froze in confusion.
Dean raised his eyebrows, “Um, you mean dental wise or dinner wise?”
, if the hospital still can’t help me, I could assign myself for the treatment that I need, at a hospital of
That was the answer that made Dean ran out of response, earning a laughter from Sam and Charlie.
“So, what are your brother and niece doing now?”
The look on Crowley’s face was equivalent as if Castiel just told him that he and Dean spent their night hunting cockroaches in his kitchen and peeling potatoes afterwards. “I honestly don’t know you anymore, Castiel,” he said as standing up and walked out from the room.
“Dean, why are you laughing?”
Dean climbed out from his car, but on the next second he changed his mind and returned inside. He leant sideways to open the glove compartment and took out a small plastic package with pills in it. He popped one into his mouth, then he stepped outside of his car again. Dean walked to the main entrance and pressed the button next to the word ‘Novak’ and waited for Cas to answer.
Dean could feel his chest thundered and his throat was choked to that memory, it was one of his favourite past times with his mother.
"I'm scared, Sammy."
he could work as a high school teacher in the first place!”
tempted to lift up Cas’ chin with his knuckles, so he could look at the dentist’s eyes. But, of course, he didn’t do it.
“Right,” Dean had his attention back to his laptop, for a few moments, before he closed it and looked at Jack again. “Honestly, I don’t know what I want to do when Cas is back. Okay, that's not entirely true, I
A pair of striking blue eyes that had a glint of a smile on them, the perfectly shaped straight nose and a pair of full lips that made a smile. A smirk.
Dean groaned at that, “I had told you, Sammy, if you want to stay, just stay. But if you weren’t feeling comfortable, you’re free to go somewhere. Watch TV in your room or anything.”
"What the
"This is a piece of interesting additional information. Come on, Samuel, Eileen, maybe there's something that we can find to make a spell."
“Hi, guys.”
Castiel couldn't keep it in his pants. Oops.
The next moment Dean knew, he felt warmth, a different kind than what he felt earlier after Crowley shouted 'haggis'. Dean also felt a familiar air surrounding him, as well as the smell. He no longer felt hollow and empty around him.
The words from an angel that was in love with him for a long time. Someone who was always by his side, always had faith in him, even when he made all the wrong decisions. An angel who turned his back from his celestial family, from Heaven and from God Himself to be with Dean.
He knew that his companions for the night would find out that he’s been busy with his phone that night, but not this soon. And not with
“Kids were taken. The adults that weren’t drained had their-”
"I'm not Sad Sam."
“Oh, you’re on the phone,” her bright blue eyes (like his) shone mischevously (like her father). “Am I allowed to be here, or …?”
“Oh,” Dean answered dumbly. “Hey, I could drop you off. I got nothing to do anyway, a quick driving around might be good.”
“Right, that’s some age gaps there,” Dean had finished his pasta, while listening to Castiel’s stories. “Okay, I gotta ask … how old are you?”
“Awww, my little Novak is all grown up,” Crowley cooed, and chuckled when a ball of tissue landed on his face. Just in time for their lunch to arrive. After the waitress put their respective meals, Crowley started eating his and threw another question, “So, you two are going to meet again in the near future?”
“Nope, it’s on me tonight,” answered Dean while he went through the list.
Fifteen minutes later, both men had walked to the parking lot across the road. As they had arranged before, Dean would come to Cas’ practice for his appointment, then he will drive Cas to Crowley’s place to pick up Juliet and dropped them at Cas’ place. So, Cas didn’t bring his car or motorbike to work today.
“Yeah. Claire loves cats, just like Lucifer. They both owned this huge orange tabby named Rowena. And she loves to sit on Lucifer’s shoulder.”
Thanks very much!
soon?
Castiel looked around. He noticed small groups of families in every other table. Some in their casual wear and some seemed ready for their weekend getaway at the mountains or the beach. Some booths were occupied with the kinds like himself and Abaddon — who spent the night nowhere near home and stopped by here to have breakfast before going home.
He walked back to his room and let out a long sigh as he sat down on the edge of his bed. But as soon as his bum touched the mattress, something just hit him. He would have Castiel sleeping next to him on this very bed.
Sam sighed dramatically and closed the box again before answering, “Dean will have flashbacks on everything that happened before Michael possessed him, and it won't be the good memories.”
Dean laughed at that, “Don’t worry, Balz, I have letters for that. Or at least I thought that’s what they are for.”
she’d asked about what happened after the club. When it comes to Castiel’s love love, he could swear that it was Charlie who should be Abaddon’s twin, they both love to interrogate Castiel. He knew they were playful in the way siblings would do, because he also did the same to them in return. He smiled and typed the reply.
Cas had to asked his brain to work properly, so he can make a response for Dean.
“What? What is The Empty?”
“Sonuvabitch! Seriously? Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” Dean looked inside the pot gravelly, where the cooking had started processing. “What kind of food that need almost half a day to cook?”
"Hey, can I talk for a bit, I might need another help from you."
"A few years later, Sam went to Purgatory with some sort of human smuggler demon. He needed to finish a trial, that one of them was taking a soul out from Hell and moving it to Heaven, and the closest possible way to do it was through Purgatory."
Cas was still rubbing his knee under the desk, and looked down to his meal, “Yeah, the kale one. As for the roast chicken, I bought it,” he shrugged. “What were you having for lunch, Dean?”
It was like experiencing a flashback, seeing Crowley back in the bunker with all of his regalias that the Winchester had familiar with.
Just like a normal cat would do, after a while Misha got bored chasing Castiel’s fingers with failed attempts, and decided to climb up the human’s torso, before it stopped on his chest and start kneading his paws there, making the human giggled. The louder the giggle, so was the purr from the kitten, until he carried on and bumped his head to Castiel’s chin and meowed.
Dean positioned Cas' legs on Baby's back and front seats so he could position himself between Cas' legs. He ripped the condom pack open and put it on on him. He moved forward to kissed Cas' lips for a few moments before whispering softly to the angel, "Cas, I need you to relax, okay? And tell me if it hurts."
a bit low for end of spring, with summer just around the corner it wasn’t supposed to be this cool, at least not on
“Castiel is so cute, I’m not sure if he’s a kitten or a puppy,” Charlie was practically bouncing on her seat. “The way he was looking at you, Dean … it was like you were The One Ring, and he was Gollum!”
“Yeah, he put two and two together, and found out that the dog I want him to babysit is yours. Or so he knew it’s yours.”
“Castiel, have you had your lunch?”
Castiel has guests over.
“It's kind of glorious.”
"Hey, guys."
“Dean,” he let out something between a choke and a whimper.
Sammy …!”
yoghurt smoothie.
“So that means I’ve got around five hours with you before I have to return you to your brother, right?”
Cas shrugged at that, “No, not really, honestly. But, I know something better, Dean. Come on.”
hours.
That didn't sound like Crowley. Maybe Dean was projecting his regret to Crowley.
Just like that, Dean knew that he had lost something he hadn’t even had yet. It was only a polite smile from someone who was friendly to another person who happened to came across his sight.
“I wonder what would be your thought on Lucifer.”
"Purgatory? The place where Leviathan lived?"
It wasn’t a hard question.
Jesus, it's been a while since i updated this! I'm so sorry :(
“Oh. I’m sorry.”
Castiel chuckled lightly when he saw Misha jumped to bed and started to play with the corner of the pillow, then he turned off the big light and settled with the night light before jumping to the mattress. It was when he’s adjusting the alarm on his phone for the next day that he saw the text message. And he almost strained a muscle from getting up from bed too fast for his own good.
The giggling between Eileen, Rowena, and Jack didn't stop when Dean asked the question. Hence, Rowena gave her reply as she leant her chin on top of her intertwined fingers, "We were just acquainting, love. I was just telling stories about our adventures together."
“Hello, Dean.”
Hello, Dean.
“Oh?”
A waiter who suddenly had stood next to his chair distracted Dean from his phone. He pointed to a picture of nachos and tacos to sign him that those would be his order for thay night, along with a bottle of Corona. When the waiter repeated his order, Dean’s phone chirped again.
And then it happened.
Castiel woke up from his sleep for the second time that day, and this time he smiled when he saw the familiar ceilings above him. Then as he looked around, he also recognised the room he was in and everything that was in there. From the wardrobe across his bed, the television that somehow mounted on the right side of the bed — from the previous flat owner, to the window that showed the street he lived in from the third floor.
That small realisation just made Cas more and more attracted to the man. He involved Cas in the plans that they were making. It wasn’t a one man arrangement and expecting the other person would agree to all his plans.
“One of these days, Cas, I’m gonna come over to your place and bring great horror movies. I’m gonna make you watch it,” Dean threatened playfully.
“It was a place where angels and demons go after they die. I’m planning to cross there and take Cas back.”
“Maybe your boyfriend knows a place.”
“This one!” his face suddenly beamed with excitement. “Have you tried this one, Dean?”
graciously straight to Castiel’s head.
As he broke down to sobs, Dean could feel Sam tightened his grip on his shoulder. The way Sam didn't say anything as he broke down his walls, the one he had kept up for many years. The one that prevented him to actually have feelings and attachment to someone else, besides his most inner circle.
“Awesome. Oh, here,” Dean handed Castiel his phone, and received a frightened look as response, “not for you! Put down your number. I don’t wanna talk with your receptionist if I want to meet you outside your practice.”
“Besides, Dean, it’s my turn now,” Bela said mysteriously and managed to made Dean turned his head to her. “You’ve been taking care of me and my stupid boyfriends back then. Now, it’s my turn, I want to take care of your love life, I want to see if this person is perfect for you.”
“Sure will, Dean,” Sam grinned and played again with his phone. The rest of the drive was spent in quiet, safe for Dean who was humming softly to his favourite songs.
“Um, Dean, do you have any plans on Friday night?”
It took Dean a second before answering, “Benny, if I wasn’t mistaken, you told me once that you had issues with your teeth, right?”
The younger man pouted before answering, “He’s my patient. How did you know about him anyway?”
He noticed that many of them resembled Dean Winchester and the angel, Castiel, side by side. Even the ones that stood outside a handmade diorama of a house with a board that read Harvelle’s Roadhouse on it.
Right after she replied, Claire knew that she shouldn’t add the last part as her father raised his eyebrows to her. But, what came next is more of a surprise to her. And Jack.
Dean groaned at the metaphor, “Why Gollum? Why are you so mean to Cas, Charlie?”
Now, it was just … lovely.
Dean blinked owlishly at that statement. He honestly didn't expect The Empty to be this easy to talk with, considering he had tried to reason with a God and a King of Hell before. Dean thought of this as he looked to Crowley, who looked back at him and shrugged in question.
day, but when he turned around to see, Castiel could feel his heart jumped so hard it almost broke his ribs.
Claire turned to the source of the voice.
“What? It’s good and healthy. Perfect to start your day!”
bomb, and we're back in the bunker."
This time Sam replied, “Don’t worry, Charlie, we’ve been going around in this car for years without raising suspicions. I think police forces had owned mutual understanding when they see this car and what it was lacked of.”
“Throat has torn out, the whole nine. Some kind of cannibal crap.”
“Wow, that’s awesome. So, older sister, Raphael?”
Cas eyes widened at the answer.
"Hey!"
“Oh?” an uneasy jolt in his chest made Cas wonder where Dean will be heading with this.
Dean looked to his watch on his left wrist, it showed nine-fiteen, Sam and Bela should be here at anytime. Bela said that he’d finished her preparation meeting for tomorrow’s opening at nine, and Sam will pick her up after work, so, yeah, it should be anytime now.
The answer caught Castiel off guard, and he squinted his eyes while trying to remember if there was any discussion that would lead to this information. Then it hit him, “Oh shit, I completely forgot! Sorry, Jack, you were right. Naomi sent it to me yesterday, and she said she wouldn’t be here tonight since she has a family thing. I really forgot to share it with you guys. My fault.”
“You want more beer?” Dean whispered to the man sitting next to him during the scene that he knew didn’t require much attention to watch.
“Oh, okay,” the blonde girl called and then turned to Benny, “Thanks for your help, Benny, Dean. So, uh, I leave my car keys to you guys?”
"Sure. Thanks, Cas," Dean replied and looked directly into Castiel's eyes. However, he didn't get a long time to admire the deep cerulean orbs before him, since the other man had turned to get another wine glass. He waited patiently as Castiel poured the wine into the new glass and pushed it to him. "Cheers."
“It’s Sam.”
Classic and dependable, that’s how Cas felt towards his car. It probably wasn’t the most posh car out there, but he bought it with his own savings, and the car never failed him once. He couldn’t wait to show it to Dean.
Dean laughed, usually this kind of situation would start to burn his fuse, but somehow he didn’t feel like so now. Is it because of the topic that was going through in his head before? “No, Sammy, really. I’m good.”
Balthazar chuckled to the question that he remembers was asked by the other party through phone just last week. “Because why not, Dean? Nothing on the sort of rom-com ex-lover’s revenge, that one I can assure you. I don’t want to lose Cassie again.”
“There’s a rerun?”
Sam's question brought Dean back to the present time, in his room. He cleared his throat before answering his little brother. "Mine had, uh, mine had us living after Chuck. Then we found a case, something from Dad's old book, vampires with mime masks, and, uh, we went. There was a familiar face, Jenny, do you remember her?"
“Yes, Dean?”
"Well, I'm quite sure young lawyers today must have had heard about Luci. Right, Claire? Your Dad is famous in his field?" Gabriel looked to his niece on the backseat, watching cat videos and Snapchatting to her friends, from the rear view mirror. "Hey, stopped playing on your phone, young lady, help me teasing your uncle and his new boyfriend!"
Dean made sure that everything was back in order before he locked the hall and walked back to the teacher’s room to do some paper works on his students, while waiting for his next class.
Cas barked a laughter before turning to Dean, who was protesting Sam playfully, “Honestly, Sam, I was, especially when we were kids. No, when he was a kid. We have huge age gap, Sammy is just a year older than Claire.”
“Holy shit! That is yours? That’s awesome, Cas!” Dean virtually bounced as he approached Cas’ motorbike. “How long have you owned this? Does it have to be orange?”
In the manner that was quite familiar to one Dean Winchester, Crowley smiled, or actually smirked, and threw a smug look sideways to Dean. "When you thought crowned as King is the top of your career, being offered as an entity that was close enough to God surely tickled your interest."
He didn’t take a good look on him, but all Dean know the blue-eyed man had a very nice body. Was he having his lunch there? All by himself or with a friend? Boyfriend? Girlfriend? Maybe Dean should be a regular at that place.
“They looked thrilled,” Jack chuckled as he got into the car from the passenger side, then he turned to Dean. “I can try and call Cas from The Empty again in the bunker, Dean. Hopefully this time he wouldn’t be returning too far from the bunker.”
He felt …
Dean then placed his forehead on Cas', as he took a deep breath, hoping that Cas would be calmer. After a few moments, he felt that Cas' breathing had steadied and Dean also felt the angel before him was gripping his jacket.
"Oh, right," the ex-angel smiled sheepishly before he returned the pillow to its origin bed. When he turned around to expect Dean had led the way to his room, the taller man was standing before him instead.
To huge rebar that poked out on one of the wooden posts inside the barn.
“I, uh, what time you’re picking up your brother and niece, again? It’s on Friday, right? Tomorrow?” Dean’s face was looking to his side, and somehow Cas could see that the side of his face had freckles across the smooth skin.
of them.
wanna know what he’s been doing to fattened his bank account.”
The girl in the room set an innocent look on her face, but it was more like someone who just got caught doing something mischievous and tried to hide it.
“Awesome. Right, I’m off. Good night, Cas. Tiel.”
“What? That’s how you respond to your
Balthazar gave the two men, who were still staring at each other, an understanding smile before he went to the different way than Sam and Charlie.
Maybe that was why Dean wasn't entirely sure that this person before him was the real Cas. Especially with the smile that was on his face, that was nothing like his Cas. It was wicked and evil.
There was a pause from Garth’s side. He probably was thinking, either about if he knew someone who would know about The Empty, or about Dean who would go
“Where?”
As Dean called his little brother, Rowena took the single page from Dean's hand. It looked highly familiar to her. She recognised the handwriting. She was familiar with the ancient design that framed the row of ingredients and the instruction. She knew the texture of the paper.
