, you have to be grieving. I get it why Sherlock didn’t inform his John he was alive. It’s hard to fake grief. But you can do it, I know you can.”
John taps at his buttocks with an open palm, lightly, as a warm-up. Sherlock twitches violently, but he has little room for movement. Besides, Murray twists his arms quite professionally.
John shakes his head. “So many lies.” But when she tries to say she’s sorry, he only sighs again, “I don’t just mean you.”
He knows where the necessary supplies must be, but checks anyway, in case they have been misplaced during his absence, just like the coffee was. It’s unlikely Sherlock let that woman, Janine, mess with his index of sex toys, he’s too fastidious, but she might have been nosy…and he might have been too distraught afterwards to put everything back to order.
While Sherlock is still shaking with aftershocks, John pulls out, more or less gently, having returned his hand to the ‘silent duck’ shape. He’d be glad to continue, but his own cock is demanding release too insistently.
Sholto, tired of being idle, rubs a finger inquisitively against Sherlock’s anus, reddened and tender after Murray has already made good use of it. A spread-eagled position isn’t good for intercourse, but sticking a thumb up Sherlock’s arse is an excellent idea. Except for the first surprised cry, Sherlock has tried be silent so far, but now his resolve crumbles and he lets out an unwanted sob.
He nudges Sherlock up the stairs, a duffle bag in one hand and the other firmly cupping the underside of Sherlock’s jeans-clad buttocks, pressing where the handle of the butt plug obscenely protrudes between them. It’s enough to make Sherlock comply.
“So, what about Moriarty, then?” she asks out of the blue, just to divert from her maddening thoughts. John has his laptop to distract him, Sherlock has his phone, and she only has an ache in the small of her back. It’s not fair.
The last lock opens, and John, having pinned Sherlock down to the floor with all his weight, starts unlacing the hood. Sherlock is squirming under him futilely.
“Hasn’t it occurred to you he might not go after you and target your family instead?” John asks more calmly. “Kidnap Rosie, just to get to you?”
Sherlock rubs both hands over his face, drops them abruptly into his lap. When he starts speaking, he keeps his gaze lowered.
“At the moment, you’ve got no clients as a detective,” John continues reasoning while nudging Sherlock forward. “I don’t mind you taking unpaid cases for the police or rejecting very generous offers if you’re not interested. It’s your choice. But we agreed that you’d have different clients then. It was your own suggestion. And they could have been abundant—until you scared them all off. You talk too much, you start deducing things about them… I told you so many times, Sherlock. Don’t get clever. I might like you as you are, but others aren’t that lenient. It looks like I have to take the matter into my own hands, or we won’t be able to pay the bills.”
“It’s called bastinado. Feet whipping. It’s not only torture, it’s been used as a form of execution in China. Skilled professionals could go on
So long? Yes. Hours and hours, the girl said. But he hasn’t found John yet, not really. He doesn’t even know if they’re in the same place, and it makes his blood go cold for a second, but he doesn’t let himself panic. He should stay calm and solve the case.
After Murray is finished with his pleasurable business, they make Sherlock step over his trousers—he won’t need them anymore—and escort him to the back of the garage where there’s a set of stairs down into the cellar. It’s time to get more comfortable.
As Sherlock opens the front door of 221B, John’s hand comes to rest on the small of his back. Sherlock doesn’t comment on it. John lets Sherlock take off his coat and the silly hat in the hallway and follows him upstairs, still in silence, but his hand skims lower. Not pressing, just a presence.
“So when you spoke about being a vassal…a subordinate to a man so much superior than you…” she begins.
“You are here to have a rest, just like I promised,” John continues as he caresses Sherlock’s calf, pleasantly smooth, with only a dusting of hair. “No cases, no exertion. Simple life. Peaceful routine. It took us some trouble to organize this for you. But I see you don’t appreciate our considerable efforts. We can’t have that.”
John is hers. He belongs to her only. She’ll do anything to keep him. It’s primitive, animalistic awareness bumping through her veins.
He moved in with Sherlock three month ago, on a spontaneous whim, after what was supposed to be a one-night stand. Or more exactly, a one-night orgy. Deflowering Sherlock together with two of his army mates was fun, albeit of a somewhat brutal kind. Living with him… that’s been more challenging, but not without its perks as well.
Sherlock could have spoiled their aim if he started writhing under their blows, and he inevitably would, judging by how he shudders at each smack, but the tight restraints keep him in place. Again, he should be thankful, but he probably doesn’t even realise it just yet, too focused on the sharp, stinging pain that must be growing, with each new strike, into constant, unbearable burning.
Still, sometimes John wants to do something violent when he thinks about it. Well, something more violent than their usual activities.
Something must show on John’s face because Sherlock suddenly frowns, and the blissed-out, relaxed expression dissipates as if it’s never been there—just a phantom over the usual wary tiredness. Turning away, suddenly awkward, John finds paper tissues, hands them to Sherlock. They both clean themselves in silence. It’s as if a cord that bound them together for a short while has been suddenly cut in the middle, and they have been left with its useless halves.
She wonders if John notices what’s going on. It’s hard not to. He’d never been really a good doctor, to be honest; she’d even had to practically spell out the diagnoses of their patients for him when they’d started working together in the surgery. But still, he’d known Sherlock for such a long time. They’d been… um… close. John
“Almost virginally tight, huh? It’s been a while since this hole got enough exercise, so it might take some time. But we’ll get there eventually.”
“You want me to stay?” John asks gingerly. Maybe he’s interpreting Sherlock’s mood in his favour and Sherlock is going to say,
It’s a strenuous, uncomfortable position, but Sherlock is lithe enough to hold it for a while. With his arse up high, he’s ready for perusal. His testicles hang low and defenseless between his spread legs. Sherlock must realize how appetising he looks.
It startles John for a moment that Sherlock sees it that way. He’s really convinced that they are here for him, not vice versa. But maybe he’s right, they are. At least John is.
It’s not exactly a happy ending for them both, despite what Sherlock might hope. John needs to think it over, how to arrange their life from now on, but he hasn’t been good at it so far, and he has a vague feeling there will always be something wrong and imperfect with their entanglement.
The ghost crouches beside him, and his touch is cold but solid. Sherlock shudders at it, and his mind suddenly seems to shirt-circuit. John. John. John.
John wipes a stray tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “There’s no shame in it, you know,” he says. “It’s a natural physical reaction. Like arousal. You can’t control it, but it’s okay, you don’t have to. No one is going to think less of you here if you cry or scream, or even if it turns you on when somebody fingers your arse. Any reaction is fine, Sherlock. Except disobedience. When you’re given a command, you’re going to obey, instantly. When you’re asked a question, you’ll answer at once. Is that understood?”
“What else don’t I know about you?” John asks tiredly on the long flight home, when Sherlock can’t hear them.
In the end, it’s all about the fantasy of not being alone. Of belonging to someone so completely that you lose yourself in him. And you can only belong when you’re needed. Perhaps in Sherlock’s twisted mind, being needed equals being loved, the way one loves a useful object. Is it because people generally tolerate Sherlock only when he’s of use to them? They might even praise him and call him brilliant as long as he does his best to help them out. When he doesn’t cope, he’s nothing to them but an obnoxious prat, a freak, and they remind him of it all the time.
It’s so bizarre that Mary can’t say what she feels at the moment. Surprise? Strangely, no. It’s as if pieces of a defective puzzle suddenly click into place.
She has finally taken off her dark wig—oh what a relief! She was sweating heavily under it. It’s still hot, though it’s almost night time. The room in an Oriental style with orange terracotta walls and stained glass windows is dimly lit. John is sitting on the corner of a low table while she stands in front of him. Sherlock is here too, so maybe they shouldn’t have said some things in the heat of the argument.
Logically, John knows he has no reason for jealousy—because this damn well looks like jealousy. They haven’t promised anything to each other after all.
Sherlock isn’t quite sure what’s real anymore, except for the primitive desire to stay alive. It’s still there, despite everything he’d done to get an appointment with death.
John isn’t quite sure if Sherlock is satisfied with their seemingly perfect arrangement, except for the times like this, when Sherlock snuggles close to him and lets himself be petted and soothed after a particularly challenging ordeal, finally certain that John is pleased with his behaviour. Mary says that Sherlock is fishing for John’s attention. Maybe he is, so what?
dead. Everyone should think that. Please, for your own sake and for Rosie’s. Just tell yourself all the time: this isn’t real. I’m dead. John. Look at me. I’m not here. Imagine I’m a ghost or something if you can’t imagine me gone. You have to be
“Couldn’t you do without that farewell speech? It was horribly cheesy,” John grumbles. “It was like in a bad movie.”
He stood there and couldn’t do anything to help. She said she liked him. She said they were even now.
John smiles to himself. They must retrieve Sherlock’s handcuffs from Mrs Hudson. It might be awkward, so it would be Sherlock’s task. Maybe he’ll just steal them back…
This very moment, the door upstairs swings open, and Murray calls out, concerned, “John, we have a visitor.”
Sherlock snorts. “Oh please. You provided me with a skeleton key yourself. Nipple clamps, remember? Anything will do for picking a lock when you’re desperate enough.”
Sherlock might be brave, but he cries a lot when he gets his anus whipped, his intention to stay quiet notwithstanding. His poor sensitive opening, usually pale pink and funnily wrinkled, has already become reddened and tender and gaping from the brutal usage—and now this.
Sherlock lets out something very close to a disbelieving huff, but he’s really clever enough not to contradict. Should it count as disobedience anyway? John decides to be indulgent for now and provides Sherlock with an additional argument: “Consider this—you like being the center of attention, right? But usually you need to work hard for it. Now you don’t. You already have it, we’re all focused on you.” He pats Sherlock’s rump reassuringly. “So enjoy yourself. Enjoy being useful and very much appreciated without doing anything at all. Simply open your mouth, and Major Sholto will take care of everything else.”
“I think he’s not…fine,” John tells Mary, and his suspicion grows stronger because Sherlock doesn’t immediately intervene to say that no, he’s absolutely, perfectly fine. So John adds, “Maybe we should stay with him some more.”
“What time is it?” Sherlock suddenly asks, in a very normal voice, like they are home at Baker Street and he isn’t locked in a dog cage.
“Enjoying yourself, huh?” he asks quietly. “You see, it’s not that bad, helping men with their needs. Doesn’t it feel nice, having a cock inside you?”
“We could,” Murray volunteers immediately and not so subtly pokes Sholto in the ribs so he would agree, too. It’s blatantly obvious that they want Lestrade to leave as soon as possible. And yes, Sholto, even one-handed, will be of better help with the car than John.
“Soo,” John drawls, looking up at the tall, dark-haired young man in front of him. “We got you the information you asked for. Time to pay for it, Mr Holmes. Or shall we call you Sherlock? Oh. Maybe you prefer to be called ‘Shezza’, or whatever name you use when you go undercover to seedy establishments like this one.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Really? I correctly anticipated the responses of people I know so well? Can’t everyone do that?”
Instead, Sherlock huffs out an angry, sardonic  laugh. “What does it matter? Since when is it of any importance what I want? You seem to know better what’s good for me. If I behave, I’ll be rewarded with a friendly visit now and then, like this one. And meanwhile—'Get on with your life, Sherlock, find someone. Take your chance. Go shag anyone who’s interested. Have a night of passion in High Wycombe. You’ll feel so much better. You’ll feel complete'.”
“You like me better when I’m dressed. I know my scars might look repelling, but I could try to get rid of them. Cosmetic surgery.” He looks hopeful, waiting for John’s reaction.
They both are dozing off sprawled on his sofa, and Sherlock suppresses the urge to creep closer, sit down on the floor, and watch John while he’s sleeping. A bit not good. John wouldn’t like that. It’s better not to make him angry, or he might stop coming to Baker Street now and then. He’s either accompanied by Mary, or Sherlock has to ask her if she doesn’t mind, but it’s better than nothing at all.
“No. That man… It was me. It took quite a while. It took surgeries to make us identical. It took learning how to speak like him, how to walk like him, how to think like him. Lots of rehearsal. But Jim was always planning things ahead, so he had plenty of time to have me changed and trained. I did it for him. I wanted to.”
When John thinks Sherlock is ready, he puts on a latex examination glove, applies more lube. Sherlock is desperately aroused by now, watching him with pleading eyes.
“Oh my dear. Did you really think everything could be resolved with a hug? I’m afraid not. Well, it was a nice game anyway. Thanks for playing along. I like rituals, you know. This one was worth repeating. Victor and John will soon rest together in the same grave. As for you, I don’t think you’ll ever rest after that. It’s a problem with you, ordinary people. You get too emotionally involved. Too attached to your pets.”
“Could we keep him, Watson?” Sholto muses, loudly, so that Sherlock would hear him. “If we gag him and tie him up, we could throw him into the boot, and no one will ever know. He’ll be a nice decoration for our cellar. It’s not too cold down there, so we could keep him naked. We’d fix a dildo to the wall, make him impale himself on it, and chain him like that, so that he wouldn’t get bored while we’re away. He’d look good on a hook like that.”
John kneels on the mattress between Sherlock’s legs, keeps them open with his own. Circles Sherlock’s anus with his index finger.
“You made a vow, you swore it,” John said, his voice trembling with rage, and then turned back to his dead wife. And Sherlock knew he shouldn’t stay. He didn’t have the right to.
Murray takes his place behind Sherlock, shoves the tip of his condom-sheathed cock past the stretched sphincter muscle, and holds still for a moment, waiting. It clearly takes him some resolve not to start pounding at Sherlock’s arse immediately.
John stares blankly into the corner of the room for several seconds, avoiding her gaze, and his voice breaks slightly when he says, “Okay, I’ll see you later.”
“Why are you upset?” he inquires in a demanding tone. Sherlock gets irritable when John’s emotions puzzle him, like it’s John’s duty to be plain and easy to read. But maybe that’s what keeps Sherlock interested—the fascinating unpredictability of John’s reactions.
“Well yeah, drooling so much precum is a bit not good. He’ll be all sticky. But let’s be fair—I also told him to enjoy himself. Mixed messages. So let’s give him a chance to skip punishment. What do you think it is, Sherlock—a transgression or not? Are you simply enjoying yourself, like you were told to?”
It sounds like helpless blabbering because John’s not good at this, saying things out loud. But at least it makes Sherlock turn to him.
John taps at the arch of Sherlock’s left foot with the thin plastic ruler, to give him a feel of it. Building up anticipation.
John folds it neatly and lays it onto the mantelpiece, beside a bottle of lubricant, a pack of condoms, and paper tissues.
Funny that, John. What would he do if he weren’t juggling cases, tweeting, and talking to various people in turns? When he lets go and does nothing, his mind—too often—plays dirty tricks on him, brings back to the surface things he’d thought he’d buried and left behind.
“That’s a good boy. That’s a good slut,” Mary praises him in a slightly mocking tone as Sherlock’s usually dexterous fingers clumsily fumble with the zip of his jeans. “Come on, don’t keep us waiting.”
Okay. Fine. What do mercenaries do when they get a nobleman for a hostage? First of all, they show him who’s in charge.
A secret sister. A grenade on top of a singing drone. A fortress island with a maze of grey rooms. It’s all too much, even by Sherlock’s standards. It’s like a very bad dream, and it continues to seem so when he finds himself sprawled face down on top of a table in a dark room. He’s laid out like a sacrifice under the full moon visible through a large metal grille in the ceiling. His first thought is that he must have overdosed in some drug den, another empty house, one of many. The girl’s voice in an earpiece startles him, and then it’s John speaking: “I’m here. Sherlock, I’m here. Sherlock. You found me. Oh god. You found me. It’s been so long.”
If John had any artistic talent, he’d want to draw him. Instead, he pushes the duvet entirely out of the way and orders, “On your back. Present yourself to me.”
Still on his knees, Sherlock suddenly leans in and wraps his wiry but surprisingly strong arms around John’s leg, presses his face to John’s thigh, kisses it fervently, again and again.
“This sling—it’s actually rather comfy, isn’t it? If you chose it right away, without being so obstinate, it would have saved us all a lot of unnecessary maneuvering, and you wouldn’t be in pain now. I hope you’ve learned your lesson and there will be no need to repeat it. Do what’s the easiest. You’re not going anywhere, so there’s no point in being difficult anymore, no point in fighting. Let yourself give in. Go limp, loosen up. Tilt your head back, relax your jaw, relax your whole body.
Two syllables. “It didn’t take me months to decide if I still want you in my life or not. I think that might be a hint.”
On the whole, John considers their arrangement to work surprisingly fine. He’d been unsure if he should tell Mary about his previous involvement with Sherlock. Well, ‘previous’ including the stag night spent in the nick together, but they’d both been drunk and Sherlock totally gagging for harsh treatment. Then John had found out that Mary had her own secrets, so he had decided to take a risk and ask what she might think about...er…playing with Sherlock now and then.
Oh hell, it seems that he’ll have to get up after all. His clothes are scattered all over the floor. He can’t find a match to his sock and takes Murray’s.
“Hands and knees. Now,” John orders, pushing him down, and Sherlock does as he’s told, almost with relief. Pain dulls the remnants of his pride most effectively.
He says it so casually, like it’s nothing special, planning such things, taking responsibility for them. Making sure it’s discreet enough not to tarnish Sherlock’s reputation. Making sure it’s safe.
It takes John a while indeed, working him open. He uses plenty of lubricant. He uses an array of toys, larger and larger. Not because he’s
John growls menacingly, the husky sound vibrating in his throat, and Sherlock tightens the leash to prevent him from assaulting Mycroft’s well-pressed trousers.
“Just a minute,” John says loudly, in an absolutely normal voice, at least he hopes so. “I’ll be back in no time.”
John takes out the promised riding crop and slings the bag across his shoulder—he might need some items from it later. Then he tugs at the lead with his left hand, and off they go. John holds the door open for Sherlock to crawl past it and then guides him along the hallway, keeping him on a short lead and using the riding crop now and then to speed him up. It turns out it’s a bit of a challenge, to manoeuvre Sherlock with both hands occupied while the bag constantly tries to slide off John’s shoulder. Maybe it would have been better not to bother with the lead at all but to take Sherlock’s butt plug out and force the whip’s handle up his anus instead. It could be fun, driving him this way and that, thus impaled. Oh well. Good ideas always come too late.
“Sherlock, do you realise this is a tiny bit humiliating? I mean for me. I told my friends how good you had been during these three months, how eager to please, and now you’re acting up. They might think I’m a liar, and we don’t want that, do we?”
“Maybe we should ask our guest what he prefers?” Murray suggests. “The sling? It’s nice and cosy. Or we could tie him to the wall, with his legs well spread. Like a frog. It’s less cosy, but maybe he likes to be on display.”
He avoids looking at the puncture marks dotting the underside of Sherlock’s arms. Another sign of negligence.
“Oh, that’s unbearable.” Mycroft cringes, contemplating John’s attempts at courting his pet. “Stop him. I don’t want your mongrel anywhere near Anthea.”
? Because there’s a thing with presents—it’s impolite to turn them down. And Sherlock knows the consequences of being rude.
The tip of the riding crop caresses slowly along the length of his back, drags over his buttocks, circles his hole, still obscenely stuffed with the butt plug, and taps at his testicles—another feature of interest. Then there’s a pause again.
It sounds almost playful and defiant, something John thought might be lost between them. For some reason, he finds it hard to keep his voice stern and steady when he says, “You know it will have consequences, don’t you?”
He feels like he’s wearing a plaster mask of Sherlock Holmes because he’s very tired of being himself, and simply tired of being, but there are cracks in the plaster and they are getting wider and wider with each day.
“Maybe I do, after all. Just…if you please, no more video messages without telling me first, okay?” He leans to peck her on the cheek, briefly, but then lingers, sidetracked by a different idea, and starts slowly kissing a line down her neck. “Do you think I should go check on Sherlock and kind of reassure him instead of having a quarrel with you?” he asks when he gets to her collarbone.
“I’ve never seen her. I only talked to her on the phone. I tell you this… I tell it now…because you should know what’s going on. To keep our baby safe if something happens. And something
They don’t speak much about their arrangement. He always makes sure that Sherlock isn’t damaged… well, isn’t damaged too much. Isn’t that caring? Doesn’t it mean that he’s not a bad man after all?
to be passive. From this moment on, you’re stripped of your privilege to make decisions for yourself. You may enjoy—or not enjoy—what’s being done to you, but you have no say in the matter.”
“Hold him wider,” he orders in a husky voice. Sholto and Murray oblige, and his cock sinks in even deeper into the tight heat.
For a moment, she looks into his eyes hopefully, trembling and tearful, like a lost child. And then her face changes, morphs into something else entirely. It’s like another mask cracking and revealing her true features.
“No, I didn’t mean that I... disapprove or something. I took part in it after all. And I liked it. If you’re a freak, then I’m a freak too. But it’s not the point.” John feels himself blabbering and tries to gather his thoughts. “You might be fine physically—if you say so, okay—but such an intense experience… it messes with your head sometimes. Do you have someone to stay with you for a while? Someone to talk to?”
John slides his hand along the column of Sherlock’s neck and undoes the first button of his shirt. Then the second one. Sherlock jerks again, something close to panic welling up in his gaze, but John’s companions hold him tight.
Mycroft pours himself a drink from a crystal decanter on a small table by the armchair. “Hello, John.” John curtly nods in response. Sherlock scowls some more.
John whines and wriggles on his back a little, greedy for more, humiliatingly exposed and not caring about being decent anymore.
A single spank on Sherlock’s bare bottom rings out loud in the silent street, makes him cry out in surprise.
And then he just follows Sherlock to the main road and lets him hail a cab. He doesn’t care what Sholto and Murray will think. He’ll talk to them later.
John’s hand slips lower, onto Sherlock’s boyish hip, and further down. Sherlock’s pubic hair is soft and ticklish.
Lying sleepless beside the drowsy Sherlock, with a hand habitually cupping Sherlock’s buttock, John dimly wonders how much the man who paid him for assaulting Sherlock’s anus with the riding crop would offer for a more prolonged whipping. It’s nice to have Sherlock’s half of the rent covered, but why not the whole of it?
A feral, possessive longing, that’s what he feels. The need to claim what was his once, to do it in the most brutal, most cruel way, and to hell with good intentions.
“Ready for another round?” John asks, lowering his pants. “It looks like you are. Open your mouth for me.” He slaps his cock across Sherlock’s lips. “Wider.”
There’s a bit of arguing about pros and cons of each position, and then a bit of manoeuvering, and at last, Sherlock is handcuffed to the metal slats of the headboard. John puts two pillows under his arse while Sholto and Murray hold Sherlock’s legs wide apart.
Sherlock comments John’s achievement with a stifled, “Mmmfff!” He’s hardly to blame for being incoherent. John is short of breath too, the feeling of warm tightness around his cock maddening. He yearns to thrust in and out, mindlessly, like a mating beast, make his prey howl under him, but he wills himself not to hurry and to savour each moment. He doesn’t want it to be over too soon.
No, not this one, it’s some silly nursery rhyme, why does it keep coming to his mind?) If John finds syringes in a Petri dish, he’ll be angry and concerned, he’ll come to the living room, squat by the sofa, so close…
Those who frequent the club during the day enjoy relaxing in its quiet atmosphere of safety, undisturbed in their leisure. The rule of total silence applies to the night visitors too. Mostly, it’s the same people. Member type: old money. The Diogenes Club is a sanctuary for those who don’t want to rub shoulders with mere mortals and prefer exploring their proclivities in luxurious privacy.
There’s a snort of laughter behind Sherlock’s back, but he doesn’t turn around, doesn’t even flinch at the sound, his intent gaze locked on John. Evaluating. It’s nice that he seems to have understood that John is the boss of this motley crew of ex-military men, officially unemployed but very busy nevertheless. Former soldiers are always welcome when it comes to solving delicate problems by indelicate means.
And yeah, they are more or less even. They both weren’t supposed to be like that. Former assassins living under false names, with a past to die for. Literally.
Sherlock’s lips twitch as if in pain. “Don’t. Just don’t. Stop acting as if you really care. If you feel like you ought to have concern for me, forget it. It wasn’t a real rape after all. No need for guilt.”
“Mr Holmes will do,” the arrogant bastard says. In his impeccable, very fitted dark suit, he looks out of place in here. Without it, he would have looked more appropriate if not better, John thinks with a small smile.
Ending his life by putting himself into the hands of a serial killer is a very creative method of suicide. Not worse than taking a shot for someone else.
He cups John’s balls and squeezes them proprietarily, and John lets him. John always lets him do whatever he wants. It can make one very, very spoilt.
They smile simultaneously, and maybe it’s a bit not good, grinning like that because they anticipate a fight. But it is what it is.
Afterwards, another relocation. Sherlock responds better and better to being manhandled. No attempts at twisting out or kicking as they drag him across the cellar and push him head-first into the barred dog cage. It’s no easy fit for a tall man, but Sherlock manages to hunch there, kneeling, bent double, and Murray shuts and locks the cage door behind him. Sherlock will spend the night like that, cramped into an unnatural posture, his hole stretched wide around the heavy plug, his thighs covered with crusted drops of cum. They’ll clean him up tomorrow, but for now, it’s better if he feels the evidence of what has been done to him. It’ll teach him humility.
Molly might suspect there’s something going on between them, but John doesn’t care, not now. He’s always been careful, wearing a mask of a civilised man, waving off all gossip about him and Sherlock, but this very moment, the need to take Sherlock apart is like a searing pain, almost unbearable, so he can’t focus on worrying about anything else. Besides, nowadays, if he behaves strangely, everyone says it’s understandable. Though why does everything have to be understandable?
Sherlock nods, his head bowed, seemingly contrite. Maybe he really is. His arse is already of the right shade, close to the colour of the Persian rug, because John always hands out punishments right after a misdeed occurs, with additional corrective measures afterwards to seal the effect.
John has no doubt Sherlock has estimated how long it’s taken them to get here, and catalogued every bump on the road, every sound he’s been able to hear, or rather the lack of any—no other traffic, no voices. He must be aware he’s practically in the middle of nowhere, in an isolated house surrounded by farmland, with little chances of escaping until he knows more of his surroundings. So he’ll be compliant for a while.
It’s the second hug in a day that John has got from him, which is two hugs too many to be normal, but obviously, at the moment, ‘normal’ and ‘fine’ are both relative terms when it comes to Sherlock. Or him. So John doesn’t question what it means and simply pulls Sherlock close, sweat and come notwithstanding.
Sherlock doesn’t try to kick anymore as they drag him out. He’s smart enough to understand it will be futile. But his gaze frantically searches the garage, gathering more data.
They leave Sherlock handcuffed and hopelessly erect while they pour some drinks to pass the time, then they move the bed, so that John can stand behind the headboard, in front of Sherlock’s face.
Instead, Sherlock’s hand slips off from John’s hip, and then Sherlock moves away entirely, rolls onto his back without saying anything. John awkwardly turns to his side to look at him.
The blindfold is still on, and so is the gag, but John’s voice seems to have reached Sherlock’s consciousness, finally, for he goes slack and lets John carefully take the hood off. Sherlock’s breathing comes out in ragged, struggling gasps.
John was apprehensive about sharing Sherlock with Sholto and Murray again, mostly out of possessiveness—who wouldn’t want such a gorgeous fucktoy all for himself? But friends will be friends. How could he refuse when they’ve been so eager to have another go?
“Sensitive,” John states the obvious, cupping Sherlock’s balls. “Very, very sensitive. We’ll make a perfect plaything out of you. Do I get it right that you’re still a virgin? Forgive my impudence, but I’ve heard some gossip about you. They say you’re married to your work. Shame. But the more fun it will be to break you in. We’ll drill you a pussy where your arsehole was.” He pushes Sherlock’s trousers and pants down. “Turn him over, lads. Onto the bed.”
He’s a nice man who tells his best friend, his wounded friend, “Sherlock, one more word and you will not need morphine.”
“It feels strange, dedicating your life to someone,” he says slowly. “Someone so far superior. Smarter. Someone who knows how to pull your strings so you become nothing but a vassal to him. Nothing, literally. Because when he abandons you, without asking, you’re just an empty shell. A body. A face. Nothing more. You were so eager to take whatever shape he wanted to see that you forgot how to be yourself.”
John chuckles nervously, somewhat disturbed by this outburst. “Did you think Mycroft would have allowed something like that—you being prostituted to a whole room of strangers?”
John firmly presses at his neck, holding him down. “Oi! That was rude. I know you’re surprised, but you had it coming. Remember I said you were overloading yourself with work? Well, now you’ll have a respite, just like I promised. No strain for your massive intellect anymore. Just physical activities. They can even be pleasant if you behave.”
After having put his bag into the boot, John—instead of taking the place next to Mary—slips into the back of the car too, from the other side. “Lie across,” he says. “Rest your head here.” He taps at his lap. It’s a far too generous offer, and it looks like Sherlock is unsure if it’s not another trick. John forcibly manoeuvres Sherlock’s pliant body so that Sherlock finally settles against him with a blissful sigh. Nowadays, it takes so little to make him contented. Just a small promise of tenderness. Sherlock winds an arm around John’s waist, and through the fabric of his shirt, John feels a peck of a quick, almost shy kiss on his chest.
. He would probably have said that out loud if not for a makeshift gag in his mouth. If John didn’t know better, he might have thought they had kidnapped some kind of royalty, Shakespearean scale. Henry V, no less. It doesn’t matter that Sherlock is clad in nothing but his pajama pants and handcuffs. Oh, and the gag of course. Sherlock always looks like a posh, incorrigibly arrogant high-class sod, no matter what he wears or doesn’t wear. God knows how he manages that.
happen, I just haven’t got the slightest idea what. She called me, but she only told me they still keep John somewhere. She thought it was hilarious. She didn’t sound like a very normal person.” He rubs his forehead. He doesn’t look at Mary. “After Jim’s death…I didn’t know what to do at first. I just went on being John Watson. Went on being. No one took interest in me. And then I met you…and I thought I could leave it all behind. But Sherlock came back, the bastard. I had to be
“Much better,” John praises him. “You’re a quick learner. Now, show my friend that you appreciate his attentions. Work with your pretty arse.”
Wiping his hands with a tissue, John studies the array of useful gear on the shelves. “Good idea. I think he should put them on all by himself before we let him out. To prove his obedience. Here…” He picks up simple tweezer clamps with tiny bells that should tinkle with every movement and walks back to the cage. “Take this.”
Anyway, however wrong it might be, John wouldn’t turn down a pint, maybe with an additional shot of something stronger in it, just like on his bachelor pub crawl with Sherlock. The thought of it makes him feel uncomfortable, not because the memory is a bad one, more like the opposite, despite them both having spent most of the night in the nick. They ended up doing some rather indecent things in there—weren’t bachelor parties all about doing indecent things?—and John had been rough, maybe too rough. Partly because he'd been drunk and pissed off over them having been arrested—and maybe just a tiny bit excited that they might be caught in the process. And partly because putting as many bruises and bite marks on Sherlock’s body as he could manage seemed like a parting gift Sherlock would enjoy.
Afterwards, it gets easier, at least for John. The rest of his hand is naturally pulled in—and his fingers curl into a ball. He stops for a short while, letting Sherlock get used to the sensation, maybe too intense. Sherlock looks both astonished and spaced out.
If there is a next time. Are they back to what they had, or was this a one time thing, just because they felt lonely and lost?
“Now, Sherlock,” Mary orders sternly. She’d come for a little bit of gloating, not just dropping Sherlock at Baker Street and then taking John home.
John turns back, disbelieving his own ears. And eyes. But yep, behold the impossible! Sherlock walks in, casually draped in a throw that he clearly has sneaked on his way through the house. He’d drying up his dripping wet hair with its free end.
It’s complicated, unlocking the stocks while trying to hold Sherlock’s raging body down. Sherlock’s ankles are unshackled first. When his right arm gets free too, Sherlock almost manages to twist out of John’s grip. He would have dislocated his arm badly if it weren’t for John’s military training.
Hence this question about a birthday present, in a low, raspy voice. An invitation to read into it whatever Sherlock wants to. It makes Sherlock stare at him, openly, all pretence forgotten. There’s apprehensive hope in his eyes, and John can’t help a crooked smile.
Sherlock's birthday has been delightfully uneventful and ordinary so far: slices of chocolate something, tea, and best wishes from Molly in an exaggeratedly cheerful tone. Sherlock tries his best to pretend he is enjoying himself, also in an overly enthusiastic manner. Molly looks at him with a nervous smile and steals questioning side glances at John now and then. John pretends not to notice. Yeah, Sherlock is far from being fine, it’s hard not to see that, even for unobservant people like him. But what should he do? What should he have done?
After that, they lie in bed, spent and sated, all four of them. It takes some time for John to prop up on his elbows and ask, “You’re okay?”
“…or not,” John says warningly, tightening his grip on Sherlock’s neck. “You know, for a genius you can be remarkably thick. You should be paying attention to what I’m saying, not cutting me off. That’s what’s going to happen now: my friend Bill will have you, and you will keep still. Unless of course you’d like to actively participate and wriggle your slutty arse on his cock. Please don’t hold back then. I won’t judge you.”
It makes Sherlock wake up from his stupor, and he hurries to the bathroom. Good. All the old reflexes are there, despite everything that has happened lately.
“Our team, AGRA…I wanted a way out of it. But they would never let me leave. So it was me. The Englishwoman, it was me. Ajay was right, I betrayed them. But I didn’t do it of my own accord. Even if I simply left them behind and escaped, I wouldn’t even last six months. Too many people wanted me dead. So I needed an ally.”
Sherlock stares at the drapery with distaste, but deigns to take it and wraps the fabric around himself, toga-like. He should look stupid, but he looks stunning instead, as always. There must be something in John’s gaze that gives away his admiration, but Sherlock interprets it in an unexpected way.
tight jeans to increase the effect. The dark plum-coloured shirt is obscenely tight too. Sherlock’s nipples perk through the fabric, clearly visible. He looks deliciously debauched.
“No,” she says firmly. “No. We won’t leave. We owe him. I owe him. Magnussen. Ajay. He protected me against them. He tried his best to help
There’s a butt plug up Sherlock’s arse, not too large so he would be pleasantly tight, but not too small either. John put it there earlier this evening when Sherlock still expected it would be a holiday just for the two of them.
“Sherlock!” A flash through John’s mind—he’d shouted just like that when he’d seen Sherlock falling.
He fingers Sherlock’s cock, out of curiosity. It makes Sherlock let out a faint “Ah!” and squirm in Sholto’s and Murray’s grip.
John cringes, but Mary can see she has persuaded him. Without Sherlock being safe and sound, they have no leverage over Mycroft. He’s not overly concerned about saving John Watson per se. He only tends to his brother’s interests.
Will it be jealousy on her part if she’s reluctant to let him stay? If so, why? Sherlock is a plaything for them both, so it’s only logical that one of them should make sure he’s okay.
“I always rely on my senses,” Sherlock goes on, his voice low and tight. “I trust the evidence of my own eyes and ears, nothing else. Now, when I couldn’t see or hear anything, when I felt doubt, something happened to me. Something clicked in my head. My mind went blank. I wasn’t here anymore, not with you, not in the club. My wrists hurt, and my arms, and my back, it felt so much like that cell in Serbia—I hung there, shackled to the walls, helpless, pathetic, unable to resist, whatever they did. I couldn’t go through it, not again. I wanted to go home, I wanted it to stop.”
He’s silent for a while and she wonders if that’s all she’s going to get, more dancing around the fact that Sherlock had meant so much to him. But then he says, “I don’t know how to tell you. I should, but… I wasn’t… Oh hell, I…”
. No, not even a thought—a cold wave of horror. And when he rushed in and saw it was Mary instead…for a short moment, he felt nothing but relief. A very, very short moment, but afterwards, it was hard to live with that nevertheless. Guilt was like acid, stronger than grief, burning through him from the inside. He couldn’t bear facing Sherlock and remembering. No matter how things had turned out between him and Mary, it was unfair, being glad it was her.
“But it could. You never know what might go wrong. I might have slipped on the stairs, and you would have stayed there, tethered, until Mrs Hudson came home.”
John barks at full volume. Sherlock’s hand comes to rest on his nape to stop him from attacking Mycroft again.
Sherlock crumples the hem of his dressing gown in his palm, but it doesn’t feel like holding a hand and he lets go. John wouldn’t hold his hand anyway, he’s not like that.
“You can finger fuck him while I deal with his mouth, just to keep him occupied,” John suggests. “I’m sure he’ll beg for more soon.”
Selfishly, he doesn’t want John to be content—and feels rotten because of it. So he avoids looking for further signs that something is off in the Watson family. Instead, he keeps his eyes on Rosie. At least
“Oh yes. Good dog. Very loyal. We’re going to win a considerable sum, which is good in itself, but beating Mycroft is even more pleasant. As for the breeding stand…you’re going to enjoy it, though maybe not at first. Just imagine, John—you, a proud fighter, bound and subjected to humiliation, with all the party guests gathered around in a circle, whistling, encouraging Mycroft’s pack. You’ll feel something meaty pressing into your body from behind, right under your tail, deeper and deeper. It’s frightening how wide you’ll be stretched, and it will make you want to struggle again, but there will be no way to escape the bindings. Mycroft’s dogs will have you, no matter how much you thrash about. The only option will be to give in and become their bitch. They’ll take you one after another, brutally, not caring for your pleasure in the least—thick, throbbing cocks inside you, vicious thrusts ramming you forward. And when it gets almost unbearable, almost too much, you’ll come—helpless, violated, shuddering… As I said, John, you’ll enjoy it a lot.”
But he also knows Sherlock’s aggressiveness is always a sign he’s nervous—and appalled at his own anxiety. Greg probably isn’t paying attention, but Sherlock’s posture is very rigid. Undoubtedly, his legs must be weak and tingling with pins and needles after the whole night in the tiny cage, cramped for too long. He doesn’t want Lestrade to notice.
Sherlock lingers, and it should earn him a reprimand, but John is generous. He allows Sherlock time to process the information. Three seconds before he snaps his fingers in front of Sherlock’s face. “This century, please.”
Sherlock still doesn’t respond, scowling at him. John sighs. “Okay, you’re forcing my hand. The table then, chaps. Face down.”
Sherlock doesn’t resist when his captors lift him up and place him in the sling, positioned on his back this time, like a life-size sex doll, and chain his legs and arms. This type of bondage is actually not as uncomfortable as it looks. John wouldn’t want his mates to know, but he tried this sling thing out before buying it. Sherlock isn’t the only one who considers experiments important, no matter how weird they might seem. Not just imagining but
John manages to open the door to the basement flat one-handed, still holding the wobbly Sherlock tight because there’s one more set of stairs and he doesn’t want Sherlock to fall. “Careful, mind the step…”
What John wants to wash away with booze this very moment, though—it isn’t guilt or regret. He’s probably too infected with them for alcohol to cure. No, it’s the thought of Sherlock and Irene Adler. Together.
It’s utterly irrational, but he’s tempted to close his eyes and imagine John is sitting in the kitchen, waiting for the kettle to boil. Or maybe he’s cleaning the stove, humming a pop song tune under his breath. (
“It’s not too late,” he promises to her fervently, desperately, on his knees in a burnt-out bedroom. “I’m here. You’re not lost any more. You just...you just went the wrong way last time, that’s all. Tell me how to save my friend. Eurus... help me save John Watson.”
Murray and Sholto step closer, synchronically, blocking any possible escaping routes. John tugs at Sherlock’s improvised cloak, and it slips to the floor.
“What do we do then? Police—not a good idea, considering you’re so heavily involved and I’m officially dead. Maybe later. But what now? Should we interrogate her?”
A wide carpet runs the length of the corridor, so Sherlock probably doesn’t feel too sore scampering naked on all fours. But he must wonder whether somebody can see him right now, a servant or one of the club’s guests. Are they staring openly or turning away? Where are they? It must be getting more and more torturous with each moment, not being able to see or hear anything, the more so because Sherlock is so used to relying on his senses. The only thing he can feel now is the texture of the carpet beneath his hands and knees. It’s not enough.
“So Mycroft planted his agent on me,” John says slowly, looking into the darkness behind the window. “Did he say why? He suspected something?”
“He isn’t dead. There was a woman…Jim’s accomplice, or maybe his informant. He never deigned to explain. Now she controls things, or so she says.”
Some more struggling—and the naked detective is stretched on the bed across John’s lap, his head to the left and feet to the right. Sholto holds his legs, and Murray secures his arms. Sherlock may writhe all he wants, but he won’t escape.
As it has turned out, Mary isn’t much into delivering pain, but she likes to watch when John metes out his punishments, probably because it’s achingly humiliating for Sherlock and she likes it. She’s awfully good at teasing Sherlock, always finding the right words that hit his tender spots, like “Gosh, you’re so slow”, “Why do people still think you’re clever?”, “John will be disappointed”. She’s got an impish sense of humour and a talent for inventing various degrading activities, even more creative than the ones John would think of himself. It’s nice to have…an accomplice. Someone to share his fantasies with. But Mary often complains that Sherlock doesn’t show enough enthusiasm in trying to please her, at least not as much as when he’s with John. This issue had earned Sherlock a trip to the Diogenes Club.
“You seem to have found your experience quite pleasurable. If you hadn’t had your arse whipped, you might even have come.”
“And then you were shot. Your sister, she was mad about it because it could spoil her game if you died. She said you almost—”
“You know what? I’m getting a little impatient,” Smith tells him, and Sherlock’s heart gives a feeble lurch, no matter how much he wants to take it stoically.
“He didn’t follow your advice to go limp. See?” Murray walks to the sling, reaches for Sherlock’s cock, which isn’t limp indeed, and gives it a few experimental strokes. “Does it mean he misbehaved?”
“Fuck yeah,” Murray says, squeezing Sherlock’s buttocks. It’s unclear whether he’s commenting on Sherlock’s unruliness or his physique. Probably the latter. Sherlock has a shapely arse indeed; John has had the chance to enjoy it quite a number of times.
John walks around him, unhurriedly. Sherlock is a gorgeous sight, from whatever angle, but there’s a detail about his appearance that troubles John rather than arouses him. Every time John catches a glimpse of several scars on Sherlock’s back—some clearly caused by a harsh whipping, some probably left by a knife or other sharp object—he feels a familiar anger welling up in his chest. He’d said he’d forgiven Sherlock for leaving. He’d meant it. But the thought of Sherlock being with someone else during those two bloody years…It still feels like a jolt of white-hot, searing pain.
Sherlock must be enraged, humiliated, and turned on in equal parts now. Oh yes, John has been training him quite a lot, especially in anal play, and with satisfying results.
Sholto lets out a laugh. “Ha. He’s feisty. Just like I remember him. I thought you’d reined him in, Doc.”
At the same time, John is bursting with the desire to taunt, to jibe, to ask Sherlock how it feels to be the one who’s fooled for a change. How it feels to taste his own medicine.
“He doesn’t like you,” Sherlock says tetchily, tugging at John’s leash to keep him in place, and adds, unable to refrain from a jab, “which is hardly surprising.”
“All the time,” she admits. “You’re always a good man, John. I’ve never doubted that. You never judge; you never complain. I don’t deserve you. I... All I ever wanted to do was keep you and Rosie safe, that’s all.”
John returns to his duffel bag left by the door and takes out what looks like a leather hood. He’d been very thorough about choosing it.
The flat is empty, with damp wallpaper peeling off the walls, and unfurnished, except for a tall mirror propped up in one corner and something else John has placed in the middle of the living room in advance. Not exactly a piece of furniture, more like essential equipment for what he has in mind. Two poles mounted to the ends of a heavy base made of iron. There are U-shaped pieces of curved, padded metal atop each pole, with adjustable leather hoops.
Sherlock is very photogenic indeed. Tousled boyish curls, the pearly whiteness of his skin, even his pitifully quivering anus—everything is perfect about him. But some details can be added to his appearance for the sake of dramatic effect.
In a few minutes more, he pulls himself up too and gasps when he sits on his well-sodomised arse. It’ll probably hurt for quite a while. Clearly unsure on his feet, Sherlock drags himself to the bathroom. John can hear water running in the shower. It’s probably a good idea, the shower. But it means getting up, and John doesn’t really want to. Sholto yawns and wraps himself against Murray. It looks like they both would rather take a nap. A good idea too.
“Legs wider,” Mary commands, in the voice she uses in the hospital, and pinches Sherlock’s bum to reinforce her order. John wonders if he really saw this ruthlessness in her right from the start, and that’s what attracted him. A reflection of himself, in a way.
Now, shower first. Sherlock might still be unsteady on his feet, he’ll need help with that. Then John will change the bedclothes. He never minded being the one to do the housework. And afterwards…Sherlock’s bed for them both, or him sleeping on the sofa or upstairs? What will be less awkward?
sure about you winning—therefore he’ll place a wager with a bookmaker in accordance with his assumptions, and so will many other guests. But I’ll make a different wager—I’ll bet that you lose. Which you will do. Despite what Mycroft might say, you’re trained quite well, aren’t you?”
“More or less. Except the boot. The boot was mean. And the gag was tied sloppily. Don’t you military people know how these things are done? With my hands cuffed in front of me, I could have easily taken it out.”
Mrs Hudson and Molly and Sherlock have left, having had their share of champagne and taking pictures and cooing around little Ms Watson. Well, not Sherlock, in fact. He mostly kept his eyes fixed on his phone like it was physically painful for him to look at the happy couple with the baby.
“We could move the bed from the wall and fuck his mouth too, through the slats,” Sholto suggests. “I don’t think he’ll mind much.”
When Sherlock’s ankles are secured, Murray unlocks his handcuffs and fastens the restraints on his wrists instead, one after the other. Now Sherlock is spread-eagled quite nicely.
“Why would I care for Mycroft’s plans?” Sherlock says bitterly. “I only cared for yours. But it was fine with me,” he adds quickly. “Whatever you wanted, it was fine. If you thought I deserved it…if you enjoyed it…I’d go along with that. Honestly, I would. It’s not that I’ve changed my mind. I haven’t. It’s just—” He backs off and clenches his fist against his mouth, almost bites into it.
He rubs Sherlock’s other foot. This time, Sherlock anticipates that and keeps still. At least tries to.
“See that?” John points at the camera on the wall. “It’ll keep a constant watchful eye on you, so please behave. Don’t play with your cock without us and don’t even think of taking out the butt plug. You might think we’ll be asleep and won’t notice, but you can never be sure. Also, don’t soil the cage even if you are desperate to relieve yourself, or you’ll be very, very sorry. And don’t try to call out for help. No one will hear, except for us, and my friends really don’t like to be disturbed in the middle of the night for nothing. They might come back here and teach you some good manners.”
After some pushing and shoving, they manage to put Sherlock on his knees and tell him to hold onto the metal railing of the headboard for leverage, or the twisted chain of the handcuffs will pull too hard on his wrists. “We don’t want to damage you,” John tells him and pats his shoulder reassuringly.
“Was it intentional?” he finally inquires. He looks like he won’t be surprised. He looks like he’ll accept it if John says ‘Yes’. After all, John beat him, not just once, and shared him with Mary and others when Sherlock clearly didn’t want that, yet John’s armchair is still there, in the living room, as an invitation to stay.
There’s a moment of silence between them—and then Sherlock’s mouth suddenly twitches with a smile. “You didn’t ask Lestrade how he found you. However intimidating Mycroft wishes to appear, he’s hardly surveilling us non-stop through a satellite. Did you tell Mrs Hudson where we’d be staying?”
Secretly, he’s very much afraid that Sherlock might break away from the hook because of it, but it’s unfair to keep him unaware of possible consequences.
Murray takes the butt plug out none too gently—not because he’s annoyed with Sherlock, he’s just impatient to shove something else in its place—and after another fit of vigorous but silent thrashing on Sherlock’s part and some fumbling with a condom on Murray’s, Sherlock finally gets his arrogant arse full of cock.
But Sherlock doesn’t seem to appreciate it just yet, too angry and disoriented to be grateful for small mercies. He put up quite a fight as they dragged him to the car. Of course his meager combat skills didn’t help him against the three ex-military men. And thus he ended up in the boot of a nondescript black jeep, despite all his struggling, and with a cloth stained with gun oil in his mouth because he wouldn’t keep quiet.
On the plane, he tries to doze off in his uncomfortable seat a few rows from John and his wife. It would be better if John shouted at him, even punched him—and then forgave him. But John hadn’t said a thing, hadn’t accused him of miscalculating, and it makes the weight of guilt heavier.
John slides his finger further and further in, spreading the lube, slowly rotating the digit until the sphincter muscle eases. “That’s right. That’s a good whore,” John  praises him. “How about a little reward? Let’s find your sweet spot, okay? Oh, here it is.”
realise Sherlock is very far from being fine. So why does John ignore all this? Why does he prefer to stay away, not to see Sherlock for weeks, unless something happens?
John is silent, and Mary knows what he’s thinking. If the real John dies, everyone might think it was
John’s footsteps. He’s pacing in the kitchen, agitated. When Mary walks in, nonchalantly, like she had heard nothing, there’s a moment when she catches him unguarded—he looks as if he’s about to throw his phone against the wall. The mask of rage crumbles like plaster in a second, and John forces a smile onto his face, his usual smile, but Mary can’t forget what she saw.
The only thing Mycroft can do to maintain the comforting illusion that he still has some control over Sherlock’s life, or what has become of it, is to protect Sherlock’s reputation. He agreed to allow John to bring Sherlock to the Diogenes Club because otherwise John could have chosen a less discreet place for what he had in mind. For John, Mycroft’s courtesy means resources he wouldn’t be able to afford otherwise. So it’s a mutually beneficial deal.
He wakes up with a muffled sob, a hand pressed to his mouth. He’s curled up on the sofa, fully clothed, entangled in the folds of his blue dressing gown. For a moment, while his mind is still half-clouded by sleep, he’s afraid he has woken John up.
John excuses himself to make a call. He feels rotten for leaving Rosie with someone else for so long and for inconveniencing his voluntary babysitters, but it’s a familiar feeling anyway, nothing new. He returns to awkward silence, but it’s fine, too.
He wants Sherlock to instantly say, “Yes. Why?” He wants to know if there will be something left between them if the sex part of their deal goes wrong for some reason.
But he’ll solve the puzzle anyway. Now he knows how to do it, so many years after he’d failed his best friend. This time he’ll get it right. They both will get it right, he and Eurus.
“Because you’re entitled,” Sherlock says quietly, gravely. “Just as well, you can order me to phone her and meet with her if that’s what you truly wish. But that would be much more…”
When they open the boot, Sherlock doesn’t just squint in the bright artificial light of the garage—he glares. It’s a fierce and haughty stare:
“Hush!” he orders and tells Mycroft, “He considers you a threat to his master, that’s all. Perhaps there’s something in your tone. Try to be more friendly, Mycroft, if you want your fingers to stay intact.”
To calm down, John tells himself that on the whole, they are even. Why should Sherlock have been celibate? John had made him into a highly sexualized creature with a penchant for games of a certain type, and of course Sherlock couldn’t stay abstinent. John never asks about his experience—and Sherlock never talks about it. It’s an unspoken rule.
John’s mind, already clouded by sleep, supplies him with a very vivid picture of Sherlock writhing on a dildo and begging for release, all his arrogance stripped off him along with his clothes.
“Fuck yeah!” Sholto roars, ramming into him with savage roughness. John hasn’t seen the Major getting so enthusiastic for quite a while.
In the centre of the room, in a circle freed of furniture, there’s a long metal bar with hand and ankle stocks fixed solidly in the wooden floor. A necessary piece of equipment set in advance. It looks odd when empty, but strangely, not quite out of place. Dark-stained wall paneling and ceiling tiles, rich upholstery and dim lighting  are reminiscent of the old colonial style…and colonies mean slaves.
Sherlock stares at him, unblinking, his cigarette forgotten for a moment. Maybe it’s an unexpected statement for them both.
But as for lovemaking…what is lovemaking meant to be? Kisses and cuddling? Or a fiery, sparking connection, almost unbearable in its intensity?
“You pretended to be dead for two years! What did you expect? Me, mourning you for decades?” John bursts out. Why is everything always his fault?
People tend to fold quickly under bastinado, no matter how tough they think they are, especially if the pain is combined with humiliation. But Sherlock is stubborn, he never gives up when others do. John likes that about him, though sometimes this quality works against Sherlock. He expects too much of himself, exerts his strength to the limit. Just like now.
John thrusts into him brutally, a surge of possession overwhelming him. That’s his prey, his bitch, his trophy. His. His. When John feels he’s going to come, he pulls out, none too gently, and spurts his semen all over Sherlock’s behind, onto his twitching hole, onto his buttocks. It feels almost ritualistic, marking what belongs to him.
It’s nice to have an understanding without having to say anything else. If John had any doubts whether Sherlock would be eager to be his whore again, now there’s no uncertainty about it.
John is almost convinced he won’t be able to catch Sherlock up, but finds him smoking on the porch. John isn’t quite sure why he left his mates and went after him. Certainly not to ask a stupid question: “Are you really all right?”
“Wakey-wakey! No, no, don’t touch it,” John warns him before Sherlock tries to wipe the sticky semen off. “Wait until it dries. I said don’t touch it, or I’ll add some piss to it.”
is fully functioning, as Mycroft puts it. How exhausted must John and Mary be to trust him, of all people, to babysit for them?
Instead of giving a proper answer, Sherlock breathes out a shuddering “Ah!” Murray continues to coax more precum out of his straining cock, so it must be difficult for Sherlock to concentrate. John gets it. Yet he can’t let it slide that Sherlock responded so incoherently.
He’s been barebacking Sherlock for quite a while, so he doesn’t bother with a condom. Sherlock gives a muffled “Oompf” when Sholto rams his entire length down his throat while John simultaneously pushes into him from behind. They quickly pick up the pace, overeager after a long wait. John’s balls pound against Sherlock’s buttocks, and the meaty slaps are accompanied by the sound of Sherlock’s gagging and occasional moans as he slobbers all over Sholto’s penis.
It’s a nice touch that his face is exactly at crotch level if he tilts his head back a little. As for his rear end, it’s presented quite nicely, too. There’s not even any need for a welcoming sign, “Please enter,” strapped to Sherlock’s backside: the pose itself is obvious enough.
He’s still angry, Mary can feel it, and he has every right to be, but will he get over it? She very much hopes he will.
Unfortunately, the café has no licence for alcohol beverages, or John might have ordered himself a different drink rather than just tea. On second thought, maybe it
It seems like it’s difficult for him to pronounce the word ‘slut’, though he didn’t seem to have a problem calling himself that in the cellar, while John was fucking the hell out of him. It was so much more simple down there.
He almost failed. He’d made a promise, and he almost failed. He brought Ajay to Mary. What would John do if she were killed there and then?
“Oh, you must be wondering where all the guests are. It’s just a trick, Sherlock,” John says, half reassuringly, half triumphantly. “It’s just a magic trick. Your mind, however sharp, seems to be open to suggestions when your senses are dampened.”
John keeps rubbing a hand between his shoulder blades and makes soothing meaningless sounds. The police officers must be staring at them, but Sherlock doesn’t care.
And of course Sherlock keeps prying. “Not upset, but not entirely satisfied either? What’s bothering you?”
“We can’t keep our babysitter waiting,” Mary reminds him, keeping her eyes on the road. “I said I’d be back in an hour.”
John shrugs. “What else would she need me for? She thought it would be funny, killing the real John and then telling Sherlock he’d spent so much time with a fake while his beloved blogger was suffering in her clutches. But maybe she changed her mind if she let Sherlock solve the puzzle. Now we can leave, I suppose? Sherlock will cope on his own. He won, right?”
There is one more thing, actually. One very important thing. And a few less important ones. Maybe she should have said something about it when he confessed to her. That would have been the right time. She’ll have to tell him now anyway because their plan of survival depends on it. Ajay has made Mary delay her preparations for quite a while, but perhaps it will turn out all right in the end.
Much later, they uncuff the pliant, unresisting Sherlock, exhausted by relentless fucking from both sides, turn him onto his back again, and fondle him everywhere, pumping his leaking cock until he comes shuddering from head to toe.
“Mghm,” Sherlock mutters, perhaps trying to protest. But even if he still has his wits about him to understand what awaits him, he makes no attempt to fight or flee.
John takes a step back to enjoy the view. It’s predictably pleasing. The hood makes Sherlock dehumanised. Turns him into an anonymous plaything to be pinched, poked, and otherwise tormented.
It’s very promising that they’ve been able to reduce Sherlock to giving short responses right from the start. He’s usually far more talkative when something isn’t to his liking. Sure, there’s still some defiance left in him, but at least he tries to hold it back. The soles of his feet must be burning and throbbing; he will agree to anything right now to avoid further torment. Later, though, when he recovers? He might cause all sorts of trouble, so it’s better to be watchful and never give him a breather.
John can’t help a chortle. “More like a complete idiot, most of the time. But it’s okay, you’ll make up for that.”
A loud smack on Sherlock’s backside and a muffled whine. Sherlock keeps his lips pressed tight in order not to cry out.
Sherlock rocks back and forth, his cock drizzling precome onto the sheet. His face is beautifully contorted with need. John feels his own penis twitching in his pants.
John was going to walk Sherlock back to the room where he’d undressed with Sherlock still naked, on all fours, and wearing a hood, not to spoil the illusion. But now the plan doesn’t seem to have the same appeal.
John touches his lush lips with a free hand. “Ah-hah. You’re not to ask what will happen there. What would be the fun in that?”
Sherlock sighs contentedly, surely imagining the punishments John might have in store for him, and his cock twitches a little against John’s thigh. Who would have thought he’s still got the energy for that? As for John, he’d rather rest for a bit. He’s not young enough for all-night-long orgies anymore.
As John stands up, Sherlock sighs and nods. Of course he knows, clever boy. John might prostitute Sherlock for money, and it might even arouse him, but it doesn’t mean that he isn’t possessive.
Meanwhile, John wanders around the flat aimlessly, bursting with anticipation. He rolls up the sleeves of his dark button-up shirt; Sherlock likes it when he’s dressed in black instead of his usual jumpers and cheap chequered shirts he wears for work. All sinister and menacing instead of plain and cuddly and kind.
Sherlock lying on the unmade bed, naked, among the crumpled sheets, looks very picturesque. A few days’ beard growth in contrast to his smooth, white skin unexpectedly adds vulnerability to his appearance. A sign of how neglectful he’s been to the perfection he still is.
John gives his mouth a light but staggering slap this time. “Sherlock, shut up. Don’t make me angry. You’ve screwed up enough for today. One more word—and you’ll be in bigger trouble than you are now.”
Actually, Sherlock should be glad they haven’t had to drag him to Sholto’s secluded cottage all the way from London. Luring Sherlock to Sussex has been tricky, but totally worth the trouble. Not only because it has made the kidnapping part easier, but for Sherlock’s sake too. Several hours in a boot would have been torturous, while a short trip must have felt simply unpleasant.
John stands a little too close in Sherlock’s private space. The posh sod glares at him sourly but doesn’t back off. Probably because there are two men standing behind him—John’s companions. The tiny room looks a bit overcrowded, but John is used to manoeuvering in tight spaces; he feels quite comfortable.
And if John tells him to, he has no other choice but to obey. It’s nice to abnegate all responsibility to an invisible magic friend.
'Well, you were the one who left,' John almost replies, but bites his tongue. They don’t need to go into all that again, do they? A bit of groping on the steps seems like a better option.
As if to prove Sherlock’s point, John’s cock is profusely leaking onto the floor. Sherlock nudges John to roll over and gives his belly a playful stroke. “Naughty, naughty.”
Every second in blackness and silence must seem like an eternity as he waits and waits and waits, flinching at every imagined sound. Is John still there, or has he left? Will he watch at least?
“So it’s psychosomatic then. Your limp,” Sherlock says as they sit side by side in the taxi. “You left your cane in the room when you ran after me. But you were shot. In the shoulder.”
“When I was alone,” he murmurs in a tight voice, “I kept talking to you. All the time. I wouldn’t cope otherwise. I got used to it so much I could imagine you answering. I could even hear your voice in my head. When I returned…nothing changed. I kept talking and imagining your responses, that’s all. And you still weren’t there.”
It’s delightfully easy, to tear the sheet away from Sherlock’s shoulders, to flip him over and to wrestle him down, the way John wants him, over his lap.
John takes him by his chin, the glare notwithstanding. “We’re soldiers, remember,” he says amiably. “We’re used to violence. We have no problems with it. But we might avoid it if you behave.”
“I’m a perfect copy. Hell, I’m more John Watson than he ever was! You know, it’s like glass doors. People keep banging into them because…”
isn’t equipped to understand. Sherlock could have anyone. Not just the dominatrix. Why hasn’t he picked up someone else yet? When will he?
Another hallway, another heavy door—and here’s the Stranger’s Room. Does Sherlock try to discern any sounds around him—furniture creaking, low murmurs? Does he wonder how many men have gathered here to watch him, whispering to each other, laughing quietly, making bets? The room has an intoxicating smell of oil, shellac polish, and wax, very masculine, but John doubts that Sherlock is able to feel it. It must be difficult to breathe through the small nostril holes in the hood, let alone enjoy any aromas.
Sherlock obviously expects John to ask, curiously, “How did you know?” And of course John doesn’t disappoint him.
“She didn’t know me,” he says, contemplating the floral wallpaper pattern. “She thought I was a nice guy. Someone ordinary. I just…I just liked someone thinking that of me, I guess. Because
Sherlock’s lips twitch in a crooked, unhappy smile. “Theoretically, no, I wouldn’t mind. However, it’s not what you would find fulfilling. Because whatever we have—one would hardly describe it as a romantic entanglement.”
By the time John’s phone chimes in his pocket, Sherlock is whimpering with need, but almost inaudibly. He must still be dazed, but he’s obviously aware that it’s better to keep quiet if John says so. John wipes his hand with a paper tissue. “Oh, it must be your first client. We managed in time. Wait a bit, I’ll let him in. You look very, very inviting, at least from the rear. So don’t worry, he’ll like you.”
