Sherlock frowns at him, though he doesn’t move his fingers at all. “I thought you were supposed to be navigating,” he says, though it’s only a mock protest.
“I don’t want to lord it over John,” Sherlock says, frowning. “I just want it to make things less complicated.”
John puts his own arms around Sherlock’s back and feels a laugh well up from his gut in spite of himself. “I love you,” he says, and if it’s a moronically large response to what Sherlock said, Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind.
“We’ll take it slowly,” John promises, his eyes closed as he presses small kisses into Sherlock’s skin. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
The problem, Mycroft reflects, is that his brother does not possess the strength of will to make that decision for himself. He has allowed himself to become wholly dependent on John’s whims, accepting whatever amount of time or loyalty John decides to bestow upon him, and it makes Mycroft sick to see. Sherlock, he once told John, has the mind of a scientist or a philosopher. For all their many differences over the years – over the course of their lives, really – Mycroft is well aware that Sherlock’s intelligence and skills rank well above average, and to see him throw himself away on this wholly average, useless little man is infuriating. He resets the footage from the morgue and feels his jaw clench as he watches John Watson bloody his brother one more time, watches Sherlock do nothing whatsoever in his own defense.
The words sound desolate and hopeless. John swallows, then makes himself ask. “Can I… have another chance?”
“Be my guest,” John says. “You’re just in time. We’re going in reverse order today, and table seventeen just went up.”
He paces around it for a bit, feeling attacked and stressed out. And called out. They asked all of three questions or something and decided they knew everything about him, about his life. Without even knowing what Mary was, they knew that Sherlock has always taken higher priority than any part of his family life, that casework has always trumped his medical career since the day he first met Sherlock, that Rosie has, unfortunately, never really fit in with any of it. They saw, accurately, that Sherlock has always been the element that kept his life from fitting together in the traditionally acceptable ways – and that John’s always preferred it that way. It’s true: he always could have cut back on casework, spent less time with Sherlock, found himself a full-time job at some clinic in the suburbs, close to Mary’s flat. A standard nine-to-five job that would give him his evenings free to stay home with his wife and daughter.
his arse is fantastic!! Getting to touch it at last is nothing short of mind-blowing. I rub his back, pushing the blankets down and out of the way, and Sherlock makes some sort of vocalisation into my mouth. I slide my hands down the back of his underwear and squeeze his arse as he thrusts against me through the two layers of damp cotton. Maybe I should ask if it’s okay, but he makes that sound again and lifts his head.
John opens his mouth to say that he can check and/or bring it, then thinks of Corey not letting Sherlock help with breakfast. “Sure,” he says instead, retrieving the cream from the fridge. He gets out two small bowls and sets them on the table, scooping out a generous portion of the clotted cream into the first as Sherlock finds the raspberry jam on its shelf. “Should I warm the scones up, do you think?”
Sherlock’s lips purse and an excruciatingly eloquent pause forms between them. His request becomes instantly clear. “I don’t want it to be my first time, with him,” he says, his voice barely audible. “Please, John. It’s the last time I’ll ask. I promise. After this, I’ll – I’ll just sort it out on my own.”
The lift stops. Sherlock waits for Brenda to exit, then follows her and says, changing tacks slightly, “You said that you’re the assistant front of house manager?”
It’s six by the time they get back to Baker Street, worried and no closer to an answer than they were before. “You were wonderful,” John says as the taxi drives away. “The way you were with Mrs Blackwell – I was so impressed with you, Sherlock.”
“No, not yet. I didn’t know how long we would be.” Vee gets her coat on absently, barely thinking of it.
“I don’t think that ‘comfortable’ is the correct term, but – yes,” Sherlock says, his voice punctured with breath. “It’s – really good. Don’t – don’t stop. Please.”
Mycroft steps into the doorway, looking smug. He already commented on their new and quite-obvious status the other day, supervising the move, making pithy comments about it as the movers unloaded John’s clothing into Sherlock’s closet. He spares them now, inquiring only, “Are you both decent? Good. Get up, please; we have a matter to discuss.”
“Mmm. They smell fantastic. I don’t think I’d even care if they don’t hold together,” John says. “But why wouldn’t they?”
“I’m just glad we’re here now,” Sherlock says, and reaches up to touch John’s face with the hand that was on his arse. He rubs his thumb over John’s cheekbone. “Kiss me again,” he requests, so John does it, again, then again, and again.
Sherlock struggles. “It – yes,” he says plainly. “I’m sorry. I don’t – I don’t know why I’m – being like this.”
“I should have taken a cab.” He’s too apologetic; maybe that’s his inborn jealousy at the thought that Sherlock might be texting someone other than himself. (And of course, he has a specific suspicion there, too.) Then again, maybe he was just checking his email or something.
Sherlock swallows, then takes John’s hand and puts it on his arse cheek. “I – like it when you – do this,” he says jerkily.
“My daughter,” John says shortly. Somehow he doesn’t feel like discussing this with Irene. He knows very well why; it’s more evidence against his claim on Sherlock, evidence that he was with someone else at least long enough to have produced a child. Irene’s reaction is unexpected, though: she laughs.
Does he like this, then? John applies every ounce of the deductive reasoning that Sherlock’s taught him over the years. He very much suspects that Sherlock does like it, all nervousness aside. He moves his finger in and out a little, just stretching the tight ring of muscle and waiting for the spasms to pass. When they do, he adds another finger, which is very tight. “Okay?” he checks, once he’s got them both fully inside Sherlock.
. It was just every single thing since I met Mary. I’ve blamed it all on him. Like it was his fault he didn’t see what Mary was. That he let himself get shot. That he almost made me watch him die all over again, all because he left the hospital to tell me. That he almost got himself sent on a suicide mission because of it. I know you don’t – but it’s too long to get into. I blamed him for Mary’s death. All of it. It wasn’t his fault and I knew it, but I couldn’t – it was all too much, so I just put it on him and he just – let me. Just accepted it, then nearly killed himself on drugs over it. And then I beat him to a pulp. I – ”
“Right, yeah. Thanks.” John hangs up and scowls. His phone buzzes in his hand with a text. He looks down at it.
John’s mouth opens, his breath drawing in sharply and stopping in his chest. Then, to her surprise, his face crumples. He bends forward as though he’s going to be sick. “Oh God,” he says, the words coming out muffled, his face hidden. “Oh God. Oh
John studies him. He definitely doesn’t feel as good as he should about this, but a good friend would say this. “It’s none of my business, but I think you should go,” he says, internally grateful that he managed to say it. “If it bombs, you don’t have to see him again.”
A shadow passes swiftly over John’s face and he bows it again. “Listen, Sherlock,” he says, his face still mostly hidden. “About that. I… I should have said this a long time ago. We talked about it once, but so quickly… I’ve never properly apologised to you for what I did. That day in the hospital. You were dying of an overdose and I – beat you. I, a doctor, beat you until blood was dripping from you and I couldn’t stop. I’ve never been more ashamed of myself in all my life.”
“Some background would be helpful,” John supplies. “How long ago the photos were taken. Under what circumstances. Why they’ve been stolen only now. That sort of thing.”
Sherlock could ask for clarity, but their context makes the question immediately apparent. “Of course not. Don’t be ridiculous,” he says, a bit shortly. He thought he’d made that clear: he doesn’t. Not ever. Not this.
John doesn’t turn them over. Instead he winds a leg around Sherlock’s hip and thrusts up against him, their erections caught between their bodies. “Me too,” he pants. “If we hadn’t had Rosie, I’d have stayed in bed with you all day!”
John making a humming sound and kisses him again, as though he can’t make himself stop. “Know what?” he murmurs.
His forehead contorts as Sherlock squeezes ands strokes him to the best of his ability. He wants to stop and get the lubricant, but it seems that John is close and the last thing he wants is to deny him or cut into the momentum, so he licks his palm wetly instead and goes back to what he was doing and John moans even more loudly. “Is that – is it – ” The unfinished question comes out somewhere between speech and a whisper, but John understands and nods, his face full of feverish need.
John looks up as though slightly startled to be spoken to, which grates. (Had he forgotten Sherlock was even there?) He’s briskly whisking an oil and vinegar mixture in a small bowl. “All right,” he says. He looks back down at the bowl he’s holding with a slight frown, as though the vinaigrette is posing him a difficult question. “I was going to say, it smells good. The beef.”
The blood is still pounding in John’s ears. He doesn’t know exactly what to do now. He’s got a palmful of Sherlock’s come and he’s absolutely dying to touch himself – preferably with it – but he’s not sure how to behave now, how to handle this. He waits a moment or two, aware that his heart is jackhammering into Sherlock’s back in a way that Sherlock can’t possibly miss, even in whatever post-orgasmic state of mind he must be in right now. Then, carefully, John withdraws his hand, presses his lips briefly to the top of Sherlock’s still-heaving shoulder, and extricates himself from the bed. “Be right back,” he mutters, aware that it comes out as awkwardly as it feels.
“No – please, Sher – if you want, then please! Do whatever you want,” he says, reaching down to give Sherlock’s arse a squeeze through his underwear. “Just – follow your instincts. What your heart and body want. I promise, everything is going to be okay with me. We can do absolutely anything you want.”
John shakes his head. “Nothing. I was just thinking that this all got interrupted. You and me, I mean.”
Sherlock wraps his arms around John’s back and holds him so tightly that John’s ribs nearly crack. “Yes,” he says fiercely. “Exactly that!”
This gets a murmur of outrage from the spectators, including their group. “You’re a monster!” Justin shouts out, leaning forward.
He shakes his head. “The circumstances that made her, that brought her into my life were, but she wasn’t. It took me awhile to sort out that difference. Mary was the well. Mary getting pregnant was the well. But not Rosie herself.”
They get out of the kitchen and hit the two major corridors where the exhibits are set up, tacitly agreeing not to speak about the case for the next little while. John puts an arm around Sherlock’s back in an overt effort to make it look as though they’re genuinely an engaged couple shopping around for wedding ideas, and Sherlock responds by putting his own around John, holding onto to the side of his shoulder, and it’s nice, actually. A bit odd to be moving around with someone taller than him like this, but it’s nice. Nicer than it should be, a voice in the back of John’s head volunteers, but he squashes this thought firmly. It’s just a cover, for God’s sake. They sample tiny squares of wedding cake and look at pocket squares and other men’s formal wear, a plethora of flower arrangements for tables, aisles, archways, corsages, and bouquets. They sip champagne and look at venues long enough to discuss the various merits of one over another. They see the one that Sherlock chose for John and Mary’s wedding, and neither of them says anything about it. John turns the page and immediately comments on the next venue, and Sherlock’s fingers tighten very slightly on his shoulder.
John looks at him and puts his hands over Sherlock’s on the table. “There’s nothing they could have done for her, you know,” he says gently. “She’s a very, very sick person.”
Sherlock’s eyes meet his for a moment, then he looks back at Stacey. “Yes, six years,” he confirms. “We’ve been together – officially, I mean – for the past four months. We just call it six years because… well, it’s complicated.”
“Are you going to see him again?” John knows he’s pressing for too much, but he’s incapable of suppressing the question.
And finally, Sherlock’s last text to him before disappearing from Britain’s CCTV system for the following two years:
Ella thinks of what Sherlock said, that day when he was so out of control downstairs in the church, about being a satellite out of orbit. This is a better image, she thinks in silent approval: two stars in orbit, together. “Go on,” she says gently. “Tell me all about it.”
John feels his face condense even further. “Okay,” he says. What does she even mean about ‘client confidentiality’? Who else is a client of hers that might have known that Sherlock got shot? Surely
John risks a glance across at him. “We both know it was too much. I don’t know whether… whether to call it an official problem, or what… but we both know that it can’t continue like that. Or at all. So I’ve got to ask: is there currently any alcohol in the flat?”
“Good choice,” John says rudely. “I hope you’ve got a lawyer. You’re going to need a good one.” He shakes his head. “Seriously, though, how did you think you wouldn’t be caught? Were you just going to go on killing every single person who had the audacity to attend Ian and Chrissy’s wedding if and when they happened to attend a conference here?”
John defers to Sherlock. Sherlock shakes his head. “Maybe, but we don’t know for certain. If someone has gone missing, it’s safest to assume that it’s a strong possibility. Go to the discussion now. If anyone sees you leaving or saw you coming into our room, tell them that you borrowed some paracetamol or something. Invent something easy to back up and impossible to prove wrong.”
John nods. “I figured,” he says. He squares his shoulders a little. “Here’s what I’d like to do, if you’re willing: let’s have a glass of water and take a nap. When we wake up, we’ll take showers and then I’d like to go out.”
“John – I want – ” Sherlock is inarticulate, pulling back and dropping downward at the same time, and it takes John a second to grasp what’s going on.
“Stop,” Sherlock says again, getting John into his arms and making for the cottage door. “Don’t try to talk right now!” He manages the door somehow and staggers inside, kicking the door shut behind him.
John wakes with a start when Sherlock’s alarm goes off, startled to find himself where he is, his naked form plastered to Sherlock’s, and the memory of yesterday comes rushing over him with a shock of joy.
“John…” Sherlock’s voice stops him, so he turns around, his hands opening and closing without him meaning to.
They’re back to that, then. “Good idea,” Sherlock says, a bit shortly, but John doesn’t comment. He waits for John to make his toast and take it to the armchair across from the sofa, then gets up and goes to make his own, eating it there in the kitchen, standing. When he’s finished, he puts his plate into the sink. “I’m ready to go if you are,” he says, his tone entirely devoid of inflection.
“I – ” Sherlock stops and looks down at his knees. He breathes deeply again, measuring it, aiming for control. “I had been… on my own for a long time. It was… my judgement wasn’t what it should have been. I may have become… Mycroft said I had become unstable. Paranoid, even, yet also unable to assess risk accurately. I shouldn’t have been where I was. At this point, the details of the night of my capture are still a bit of a blur, honestly. I remember running through a forest, with their helicopters flying overhead, the search light finding me…”
“Definitely,” John agrees. He checks the time. “It’s after seven now,” he points out. “I could eat.”
for him as well as for John. Because there was never any secret girlfriend. “In retrospect, I think I’ve been a bit thick,” he admits.
John thinks for a moment, then says something definitely foreign-sounding, adding, “I think, at least.”
John shrugs. “What of it? People argue. Married couples especially.” Sherlock clears his throat as quietly as possible, but John catches it. It occurs to him that Sherlock looks intensely uncomfortable. “What?” he asks, wondering privately why he feels so defensive all of a sudden.
Ella smiles very slightly. “And it has nothing whatsoever to do with biology, John,” she says gently. “You were her father. Plain and simple. And now you need to grieve. But it will be cleaner this time. Your grief is for the right reasons this time. Be grateful that she’s safe and secure, and grieve for your loss. Sherlock will help you. Having his love will help, so lean on that. Let yourself need him. I’m not talking about dependency; I’m talking about not doing that thing you do, holing up and rebuilding your walls so that no one can get in. He loves you and you love him and that’s wonderful. He wants desperately to be wanted by you, to be needed by you. To be useful to you in some way. So let him in. Let him grieve with you, and let him comfort you. You don’t have to carry this one all alone.”
John shakes his head. “She knew I didn’t love her anymore. I told her, when we went to get her. And it’s always possible that she found out about the text affair, too. My phone was password-protected, but I’ve lived with you long enough to know that that doesn’t mean anything for some people.”
Mycroft’s lip curls slightly. “You’ve heard of this nonsense about UFO sightings in Tyne and Wear, I presume.”
John gives him a look to show that he’s still aware that Sherlock brought considerably more to said accounts than he did, but it comes with a smile. “If you want to, then. Sure. Let’s get the prime rib. It was delicious. And my favourite, too.”
“One nearly did the job as it is,” John said grimly, taking the jar and examining the bullet. He gave it back to Mycroft. “Let’s definitely include attempted murder in the charges.”
Sherlock makes a sound of assent. “I suppose UFO sightings would take a certain amount of open area.”
The next question asker has been chosen, a mousy-faced woman with hair somewhere between blond and grey. “Pamela Blake,” she says. “I’d like to know what you’d suggest for making America ashamed of perversion again. We have all this ‘pride’ crap. What are they so proud of? I want America to take its pride back from these people!”
“Well, it did and it does,” John says firmly. “And maybe you’re right that I wouldn’t have been able to pretend I could just – carry on with my life while knowing that you were out there somewhere, alive and alone with everything you were doing. I would have wanted to be there with you, you know.”
“Sit down. I’ll get your kit,” Sherlock says, getting up swiftly to retrieve it. He comes back to the loveseat and takes the towel out of John’s hands, sparing himself a guilty moment to ogle John’s bare chest. He swallows, sets the towel aside, then carefully peels off the gauze taped over the stitches he put in, examining the wound. “It doesn’t look too bad, actually,” he says, dabbing at it as gently as possible with the towel to dry the skin.
John settles back into his chair and steels himself for the intense boredom about to set in, and focuses on keeping his expression somewhere between mildly interested and neutral. The speaker blathers on and on about what traditional marriage is, represents, and their collective duty as Americans to propagate the species, set good examples, and a bunch of other crap. John wonders if someone neglected to tell the speaker that there are actually non-Americans in the room, too, but it’s quite likely that he and Sherlock are the only ones, so it probably hasn’t registered as a consideration for these people.
I agree, and we pull ourselves to our feet and go down the corridor to the loo hand-in-hand, brushing our teeth and getting ready for bed together. It’s much too soon to even suggest spending the night together – that much is clear to me. I deliberately make sure to set my toothbrush back in the cup we keep them in, then turn to him. “I’ll head up, then,” I say carefully.
Sherlock looks up at him quickly, fitting the lid onto the teapot. “It’s okay,” he says. “Me neither.”
“I don’t suppose we’ll see anything while it’s still light,” John says after they’ve visited the last locale. “What’s next? Do you want to question any of the people who made the reports?”
Slowly, Sherlock’s body begins to relax a little, allowing him in. Still checking in every step of the way, John begins to move a little, pulling out an inch or so, then pushing back in, feeling every ounce of give in minute detail. Sherlock is breathing hard, his eyelids at half-mast. When he begins to moan, his fingers pulling at John’s skin, John starts going a little harder. Sherlock exhales hard. “
Sherlock blows water off his lips and says, “So can I touch you now?” after he’s finished rinsing his own conditioner out of my hair.
Eventually, John turns carefully onto his side and shifts a little closer. The tremor is still quivering in his right hand, but he reaches out and gently touches Sherlock’s upper arm, barely able to breathe.
Sherlock goes into the small room adjoining, glances back to where John is fastening a towel around himself and pointedly looking away, then sheds his towel and climbs quickly into the hot tub. “All right,” he says, settling himself into the hot mineral bath. The water is just the right temperature and feels fantastic, or perhaps he’s just feeling sated from both the massage and what followed.
“Yes, from London,” Steven says, his eyes lingering on Sherlock for a moment before coming back to John’s. “I wondered why I didn’t find you in your own suite, Mr Holmes.” He glances at John. “If I might…”
wording. It’s impossible to know whether she intends to sound as though she means it that way or not.
John gives a short, unamused laugh. “Of course she did. She attacked Sherlock again – drugged him this time – took the thing, and ran off. She took a massively complicated route, but when she got to her destination we were there ahead of her. Then it all blew up and we came back, all three of us. Mary and I were barely talking, but there was Rosie to focus on, I guess. And then the case kept going, and she ended up dying only a few days later.”
“No.” The word rises out of him instinctively, before he’s even thought about it. “She’s my daughter.
Sherlock finds himself very much liking John’s authoritativeness and makes a mental note to mention this later. But for now, things are rather serious. “You haven’t told us everything you know, Molly,” he says, fixing his sternest gaze on her.
John stabs at a shell in his pasta salad. “Neither have I,” he says, staring moodily at the noodle. “I’ve texted him but he hasn’t even read them, much less responded.”
“We’ll go the instant it seems that it’s – that it’s too much,” John fills in quickly. “Absolutely.” He stands up. “In that case, let’s get ourselves ready. I’ll text Greg and get us an address.” He’s brisk, taking his cup to the counter and switching off the coffee maker and hoping that his surface of assurance will help bolster the doubt he can tangibly feel radiating off Sherlock. He has doubts, himself – it’s only been about a week since the last nightmare, and possibly only because he’s there in Sherlock’s bed every night, warding them off. But maybe Sherlock needs this, needs to get back into it. He’ll just stay on high alert, watch for any sign at all that the trauma is being re-triggered. Somehow he doesn’t think there would be any warning, but – well, what else can he do but be on guard for it? His lack of knowledge about any of this is frustrating as hell.
“The twenty-ninth of January, King’s College,” John says. “I don’t care if it’s a Tuesday. That’s the day we’re getting married. We can even shop for rings while we’re here at the conference, if you want. We’ve got the afternoon to visit the exhibitions. Although,” he adds as an afterthought, “I suppose that depends a bit on whether or not we solve the case.”
He moves on to Rowan Evans and matches a photo of her from the case file to a Facebook profile. It’s still active, though there hasn’t been any activity since her death. He reads about her, then scans through her photos. There are poses with friends, with a group of what he assumes are her Year 7 students on a field trip to the British Museum, multiple photos of and with her cat (whose name is apparently Purrtricia, which John thinks is ridiculous), and then he stops: there’s a photo of Rowan on a beach at sunset, and it looks instantly familiar. She’s wearing a coral-coloured dress and holding a bouquet of tropical flowers – hibiscus, maybe? Sherlock would know, but John’s not about to ask him – standing just apart from the bride, whose back is to the camera. Apparently beach sunset photos are a trend, John thinks. It can’t possibly be the same beach as in Lydia Dharma’s photo. He opens a new tab and pulls up Lydia’s Facebook account again, clicking rapidly through her photos until he finds the beach one. It looks the same, he thinks, frowning. The sun is very slightly lower in Rowan’s photo, but the beach looks very similar. Then again, most beaches look similar. There’s no caption on either photo, but in Rowan’s, the location is tagged as Runaway Bay, Jamaica. John’s frown deepens. Jamaica – what are the odds? Actually, he realises a second later, the odds are probably pretty high. He just spent the morning learning about how popular destination weddings are, and Jamaica is apparently one of the more popular places to go.
“It’s over now,” Scott says, so tenderly that Sherlock wants to turn to John and kiss him then and there, just to confirm everything.
She looks surprised. “Only that long? I would have thought longer… but then, you got married, I remember.” She catches his look and adds, “It was in the papers. Maybe you haven’t quite caught on to how well known the two of you are.”
Sherlock tightens his fingers a little in John’s. “It’s all right,” he says. “We all have our low moments. That wasn’t one of my finer turns, either.”
Sherlock begins to laugh, and turns his phone screen to face John as they set off west down Fifty-ninth in the direction of Columbus Circle. “The thought had already occurred,” he says. “I knew you’d want to do things properly.”
Before Sherlock can respond, to his surprise and inward delight, John puts a hand on Sherlock’s left hip and leans in to kiss him, just quickly, but on the lips. He pulls away again, smiles a little, and touches Sherlock’s lower lip with the thumb of his other hand. It rather takes away Sherlock’s ability to speak for a moment or two, leaving him blinking and grasping after words. “Should – should we eat?” he gets out, and John smiles again and nods.
John drains his cup, though the tea must still be quite hot. “Now’s fine.” He gets up, puts his cup down in the sink and shuts himself in the bathroom.
“Interesting,” John says. He turns to Sherlock, who is standing beside him. “Maybe we should get a spaghetti squash.”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say to this. He doesn’t want to talk about it, his captivity or what occurred during it. He specifically does not want John to continue to feel guilty about it, or – if not guilty, per se, he does not want John feeling whatever it is that’s making his voice so tight. “It’s – long over,” he says, the words awkward in his mouth.
John thinks he must have misheard and looks up. “What?” He can feel his face condensing in confusion. “Yes, it was – you said you were attracted to him. You said that you would want to go for that first drink if you felt like you knew how to handle it. I mean – ” He stops, not sure how to go on.
“Extremely,” he says. He turns his face toward Sherlock’s, his left hand dropping to explore, and he finds Sherlock still hard as a rock. “Let’s see to you, then…” He seals their mouths together again for a long moment as he strokes Sherlock’s cock and marvels again at how good it feels in his hand, at how long he’s needed to feel this, touch Sherlock this way. He releases Sherlock’s mouth after a moment to let him breathe, which he does, his head dropping forward to gasp into John’s neck, fingers gripping at John’s shoulders as John’s fist works over him. John presses kisses into his hair. “Can I… return the favour?” he asks, his heart still thumping. He’s never done this before, and never admitted aloud in the whole of his life that he wanted to. But he does. He more than wants to – he
since anyone’s done this for him, since anyone’s wanted to, and the thought of Sherlock overtly asking him if he can is almost as much of a turn-on as the actual thing. Though honestly, nothing can compare with this: Sherlock’s tongue is cupping him like hot velvet, his mouth sliding over the length of him rather experimentally, but nothing about that detracts from how good it feels. The sight of it, too, of Sherlock’s incredible mouth around him, is unbelievable. John pants, trying to keep himself from moaning too loudly, and puts all ten fingers into Sherlock’s hair, needing to touch Sherlock any way he possibly can right now. Sherlock’s rapidly getting the hang of it, deducing exactly how hard and fast John needs it, his hand stroking in time with his mouth, and the pleasure is rising in a thick column, up into John’s throat and cock and threatening to spill out. His hips are juddering forward without meaning to, but Sherlock has caught on and is moving in complementary rhythm. He moves one hand to John’s arse and squeezes hard, his other hand gripping John by the base of his cock, his lips and tongue working over the sensitive head and that does it – John hears himself gasp out something completely unintelligible and Sherlock gets it and backs off so that only the tip is in his mouth, sucking hard, and John comes seeing stars, the climax flooding his body, gushing out in wet heat into the hot haven of Sherlock’s mouth. It feels so good that he nearly blacks out, his fingers clenching in spite of himself in Sherlock’s curls.
Now, he exits the bedroom and goes to make a pot of very strong coffee. He’s going to need whatever (legal) fortification he can get to withstand this day. There are various thumpings and other noises coming from upstairs, but then John comes down, slipping past him to make for the shower. Sherlock is busy making a fry-up when John nips by the kitchen on his way back up, so there isn’t any chance of a conversation until John comes back down, probably lured by the obvious scents of breakfast being cooked.
John checks his watch. “It’s not even nine yet. Let’s go back there, yeah. And maybe find some dessert or something. I’ve never tried the famed New York cheesecake…”
She comes into their life like an atomic bomb, bringing devastation of every kind. Later, when all the dust has settled, Sherlock remembers the patience bomb and John not thinking of Rosie, but of them, of their survival and nothing else. He remembers Mycroft’s exposed weakness, and feeling genuine regret at the thought of having to shoot him, but it’s the only option Sherlock would ever contemplate and he and Mycroft both know it, even if John doesn’t.
“Yeah. That line doesn’t, er, seem to be entirely adequate in this case, but I’ll take it,” John says. He gets to his feet. “I should get ready for bed. What time do you want to go for dim sum?”
Next to him, John is tangibly tense. He doesn’t talk, either, and Sherlock’s sense is that he’s somehow second-guessing himself about something.
, John had said, and they’ve been doing nothing but that ever since. Everyone came that first day, got the majority of the broken things and burnt things cleared out. Then they left but John stayed, sleeping in his old room that night.
John more or less tunes this part out. The lady at the microphone blathers on and on about the different workshops and exhibits, introduces some of the exhibitors, then walks them through Chilton College’s amenities, then finally announces dinner and explains how the buffet functions, then calls out which table numbers get to start. Table sixteen hasn’t been called, so John leans back in his chair and crosses his arms. “I suppose they’re doing this like a wedding reception would,” he says to Sherlock, who nods.
“We will,” John promises. He looks at Sherlock’s father. “But as to expenses, I would pay for all of that. I won’t accept this any other way. I’m her father, and suddenly I have more funds than I know what to do with. Her expenses, schooling, lessons, clothes, all the rest: that’s my responsibility.”
Sherlock responds by letting himself go completely, wrapping himself around John like an octopus and holding him as tightly as he can, and John responds in kind, almost rocking him in a heady compound of fierce tenderness and a need equalling Sherlock’s own. He was wrong, Sherlock realises at long last: what he feels for John doesn’t outweigh what John feels for him at all. He was just as afraid to show it as Sherlock was. They were idiots, both of them. But now it’s sorted at last, understood and accepted and achingly wanted. This is without a doubt the best night of either of their lives. He doesn’t care whether parachuters land on the roof of Baker Street. There is nothing can could possibly induce him to leave the haven of John’s arms. And if this is only the beginning, then it can only possibly get better from here, Sherlock thinks, his fingers stroking obsessively through John’s short hair as they kiss.
were the one who kept going on about these ‘fascists’ and your dignity in being seen as one of them,” he says, throwing it back at Sherlock. “Not that you ever said why you hate this particular sector of humanity so much. It’s just another of those things we don’t talk about, I guess.”
“That can be remedied.” John sits up, then stands and pulls Sherlock to his feet. “Bed,” he says. “I’m going to open another bottle of champagne.”
Sherlock tosses a look over his shoulder that goes directly to John’s balls and makes them tingle, his smile half-shy and half-definitely-not-shy-at-all, and it’s knee-weakening. “Whatever works,” he says, and John gets out of bed and chases him into the shower.
John glances at him with an unreadable look. Todd frowns. “That won’t do,” he says. “There must be something. What about the fact that he married someone else and had a child with her? What happened there? Surely you have some feelings about that.”
“Or hired them to,” Sherlock agrees. “If we could access Mary’s finances under her Samantha Jones alias, that would be the proof. It’s clear from Andrea’s bank records that a payment was made, but it doesn’t show where it’s gone. Then again, a confession could remedy that.”
John takes him to the kitchen table where the evidence is being logged, and picks up a bag containing a mobile phone. “Here, look at the call log,” he says, and Sherlock’s attention refocuses on the case itself. It’s difficult with John still standing as close as he is, but he isn’t bothered whatsoever.
Sherlock thinks for a moment, trying to remember what tonight’s options were. “The linguine alfredo with lobster, I think. You?”
Sherlock seems mostly satisfied by this. “Right,” he says. “So it starts with an orientation this afternoon in Hall A. It doesn’t look like we’re going to have all that much time to confer between sessions, but we can make our own observations and share them – ” He stops abruptly as a knock comes at John’s door. He looks at John, the crease at the bridge of his nose appearing. “Are you expecting someone?”
“John,” Sherlock says, without looking at him, his tone even stiffer than his back, “perhaps you could do me a favour and check the pantry for lentils.”
The conversation shifts into the renovations, unhindered by the brief interruption to order (“We’ll have the usual,” Sherlock says, waving Bobby off) and they talk about the series of depositions Mycroft has set up to deal with Eurus’ wake of destruction. “Of course, you could press charges for the well part,” Sherlock says. He hesitates. “It counts as attempted murder, but – if you didn’t, I’d be grateful.”
Sherlock casts a look at John’s knee-high wellingtons as they walk. “Are they meant to be that high?” he asks innocently.
Sherlock sets his tea down carefully on the night table, then shifts closer to John, leaning in to kiss him again. “You really mean that, don’t you?” he says, unable to keep the wonder from his voice.
“This way,” he says, setting off down the walkway and fitting his fingers in between John’s. “There’s a spot I’ve been wanting to show you.”
Sherlock waves him off. “It happened in East Finchley; therefore I’m not ruling anything out. What else? Go.”
Sherlock grabs Atkins by the arms and rushes up the steps, towing him along perforce, and snatches the bullhorn from the earnest protest leader. “Attention, everyone, there is a bomb on the premises! I need to you to clear out of the area immediately! This is not a drill! Get away from this building,
They’re both looking at him, Irene with condescension, Sherlock with uneasiness, uncertainty in his eyes and framing his mouth.
, she said, meaning about losing him. In contrast, Sherlock has just said that he would do anything with him, anything for him – not to keep John chained to him, but to allow him to have this, enable their life together. And Sherlock
John glances at him. “Good,” he says, not really caring. “And you actually watched it without, er, getting distracted?”
“Plenty wrong with that, but I’ll take it,” I counter, then reach for his face and kiss him again. The conversation devolves into kissing, little sips of kisses that make me feel like my heart’s been set ablaze. He is incredible and I love him so much it hurts. I’m aching for it to become even more, but I wouldn’t do a fucking thing to rush this or push him into anything. Whatever we do will likely be a first for him, and I’m content as anything to let it go at whatever pace he needs for it to go.
Sherlock had exchanged a privately amused look with John as they waited politely to be given Mary’s precise geographic coordinates, and then Mycroft went a step further and suggested that he have Interpol pick her up and bring her back.
Molly sees them together again in her mind’s eye, coupling like animals in the wild, and the sight produces an uglier feeling in her than she’s ever felt before. Her hands curl into fists at her sides. “Yes,” she says, and hears her voice come out as cold as Mary’s. “Completely.”
Donovan’s lip twists. “My point is, you’re going to have to try not to look like you’re actually under the covers with each other. You know: try not to look too gay while you’re around them. You know half of London already thinks you two are a couple.”
Eventually he shuts off the water and realises that he’s left his pyjamas in his bed. He fastens a small towel (they’re all small) around his waist and cracks open the door, only to find that Sherlock seems to have already shut off the lights. He pauses. “Are you sleeping?” he asks, keeping his voice down.
Sherlock opens his mouth, then realises he has no idea what to say. The only things he could possibly complain about are too large to raise here. “Nothing,” he says at last. “I’m – just glad he’s there.”
Sherlock doesn’t move, slumped so far down that he’s practically slithered onto the floor. “I don’t give three fucks,” he slurs, though the k’s are still mechanically precise. (I want to chase them down his throat and eat them.) He doesn’t usually curse, either, and it’s hot.
Chris shrugged, only just visible in the dark corridor. “I was thinking in terms of mutual comfort,” he said. “It seems we could both use it. It’s just – symbiosis, you know?”
John takes a deep breath. “Irene Adler,” he says, a bit abrupt. “Was I wrong to be so jealous? I mean… you must have known that I was just eaten alive with it.”
“Yes,” Vee says, thinking about it. Sandy-blond hair, shorter than Sherlock, strong. And the one who purportedly won their fights on the high seas, too. “I do see what you mean. But this is a real man, Mycroft. He’s flesh and blood.”
John looks slightly sheepish. “Right, yeah,” he says. “I’ll try. I promise I’ll try to do better at the talking thing.”
Sherlock contemplates this, then sighs, his breath warm in John’s hair. “I’m too tired,” he admits. “There wasn’t much – well,
Linda has been assigned this workshop, too, and she spots him with relief and comes to sit with him. She’s perfectly nice, John thinks in passing. But now that he knows exactly what he wants, possibly for the first time in all his life, nothing and no one else could possibly compete for his attention. He was right about the workshop. They talk about parenting techniques and how to steer your children in the right direction, and what to do if they turn out gay anyway. They talk about conversion therapy, which John has never heard of before and is horrified by. Next to him, Linda seems more familiar, but equally horrified.
Irene Adler is sitting coiled in his chair like a cat, clad only in a transparent green dressing gown that leaves very little to the imagination. Her wide, blue eyes are blinking innocently at Sherlock, but she glances at John, the corners of her mouth smirking at him.
. And the sex itself was spectacular. John’s cock gives a twitch just remembering it. Best he’s ever had, by a wide margin, and judging by the sheer amount Sherlock came, not to mention the sounds he made at the time, it seems like it was pretty good for him, too. It was his idea that John should penetrate him – him who brought out the lube, the condom, who took John’s hand and redirected it further back in explicit, if unspoken, invitation. And then they fell asleep together, Sherlock in his arms. So what went wrong?
Sherlock gives in with bad grace. “All right, fine, but you need to give us a few minutes to get up and such.”
“No. This one’s all on me,” John says. “I’ve been an arsehole to you ever since you came back to England. But especially this past whole while, since Mary and all that.” He holds out his hands. “Give me a hand, would you?”
“We can feed Rosie at the usual time, of course,” Sherlock assures him. “It doesn’t matter how late we eat.”
) and I sigh vocally, trying to convey my appreciation for it. Sherlock gives several long, wonderful sucks, then pulls off and says, his eyes canting up at me through those lashes of his, “I’m – I want to know every inch of you, inside and out. I want to know your body better than I know my own.”
“Hang on,” John cuts in. He finds the microphone on Sherlock’s collar and pulls it off, stuffing it into his own jacket pocket, then finds and pulls his own off, too. “I don’t care what they hear or what they think, but this is private,” he says. “But I don’t care that they heard it before, either. I love you, and I already promised you that I’m never leaving you again. It’s going to take more than some stupid bomb for that – ”
He’d taken it well, at least. There was no drama, though he’d teared up. She had, too, but there was no regret. Maybe he knew it in his heart, too, that they weren’t meant to be together.
“No.” Sherlock definitely sounds bitter. “The service was at half-past three. Like everything else, I was too late.”
Sherlock agrees. The bridge is a curving arc of stone with stone rails on either side. It’s sturdily built, if old, and doesn’t even tremble at their crossing. They stop in the middle to look down, and now there’s a glimpse of white water rushing below, perhaps two hundred metres beneath them. Sherlock doesn’t look at John, but experiences a sudden, dizzying desire to kiss him. Here – where no one can see them or remark upon it, where John wouldn’t have to worry about anyone’s reaction or how it looks. Right here in the middle of the bridge, their arms around each other. The desire is so strong that he nearly experiences it as vertigo, putting a hand on the stone rail to steady himself.
Time slides away into meaninglessness. Eventually they resurface, lying on their sides again, legs still twined together, fingers twisting together or travelling away to touch, explore, caress. “This feels almost illegal,” Sherlock says at one point, and John has to laugh.
“We’ve just got a few questions,” Sherlock says briskly. “If you help us, it may help you in the long run. So let’s get started.” He walks over and lifts Volkov’s shorn head from the pillow to peer behind it. “A member of the Rosomakha,” he proclaims, letting Volkov’s head drop again. “What is your business in England? There’s a translator here if you’d rather explain yourself in Russian.”
Lestrade asks at the crime scene the next day, meaning Molly, and Sherlock shrugs it off. Lestrade asks about John and Sherlock cannot keep the tightness out of his voice as he explains that John isn’t in the picture anymore. He tries. He really does. He never meant Molly to replace John, of course. It just seemed like a decent gesture. He doesn’t have the words to explain to her that it’s all he’s got to offer her, the chance to spend part of a day with him this way. But she still looks as though she yearns for that never-to-be dinner, despite the diamond circlet on her fourth finger, and a surge of pity mixed with fellow-feeling stirs within him. It cannot be denied that Molly’s company very slightly dimmed the roaring void within him, though he couldn’t shake off John’s barbs and accusations in his head all day. It was something, though, and surely he owes her for her silence and her friendship over the years.
“I have a perfectly clear idea,” Sherlock tells John’s daughter. “You’re your father’s child, aren’t you?”
His hand is still covering hers and Sherlock sees it tighten, too, unwittingly reflecting his and John’s.
A moment later he’s shutting his computer and on his feet, too. “Time for lunch,” he says, a little too quickly, and the sinking feeling in John’s gut only deepens.
John turns his face and looks into Sherlock’s eyes, his face brimming with emotion, making tight lines around his mouth, his eyes dark holes in his head. Sherlock doesn’t know how to read this expression, but is very much aware that his heart is pounding against his temples and thoracic cavity.
The rain is still spattering the skylights of the spa/therapy wing gently as they approach Margaret’s office the following afternoon. They’re a little early and her office door is still closed. John goes over to a table that has an array of glasses and cups, a pitcher of the spa’s mineral water, and a carafe of hot water next to an assortment of tea bags. “I’m going to have a cup of tea,” John says. “Let me make you one?”
“Er – yeah, let’s go,” John gets out, ducking his face to hide his flush and if Sherlock notices, he doesn’t say anything.
They meet in the kitchen the next morning without drama, with no reference to the previous night’s conversation, quietly making tea and toast, and John feeds Rosie in her high chair. Mrs Hudson comes up to collect Rosie and Sherlock half-listens to her exchange with John over where the child will be when during the week or so that they expect to be away. “Could be less, but we never know,” John says, and Mrs Hudson agrees immediately.
They separate awhile later, smiling a bit sheepishly, but neither one of them trying to explain it away or take it back in any way. They go back to the simple task of making lunch, John washing and chopping romaine as Sherlock grills chicken breast in olive oil and enough garlic to drive off a horde of vampires. John adds a handful of pitted kalamata olives and crumbles a small mountain of feta over the whole thing. They eat enormous bowls of it, sitting kitty-corner at the table, their hands and feet touching. Sherlock’s dressing is tangy and goes perfectly with the soft chewiness of the feta and the smoky charred bits of the chicken, and by the time they’ve finished, John feels full in every possible way. Sherlock brews a pot of peppermint tea to wash it all down, and they drink it on the sofa with a new episode of the series they’ve been watching on one of Sherlock’s laptops.
Upstairs, Sherlock pushes the door open with a touch of caution that John doesn’t quite understand, then walks in and stops. John follows him inside and feels immediately as though someone has upended a bucket of cold water over his head.
“Understood,” John says back, under his breath, and rubs Sherlock’s back for good measure, and he doesn’t let go until they’re inside.
“Hey.” John’s voice is warmer now, and he reaches for Sherlock’s wrist and leans in, kissing his shoulder. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to say it like that. Everything’s fine, Sherlock. I know it’s hard to believe that this is really happening, but it is. And I’m really glad it is.”
Sherlock is watching him closely. “But?” he prompts after a moment. “We don’t have to do that, at all. There’s no rush. Rosie is safe with Kate Whitney. I contacted her this morning while you were asleep and got an update. Nothing new whatsoever, and she seems to be perfectly content, in good health and the rest of it. Would you prefer another option?”
“No. It’s all right. We organised it this way; let’s not switch.” John takes out his folded-up speech and spreads it out, his fingers not trembling at all, despite his nerves. “No peeking. My one consolation is that Todd and Margaret should be endlessly proud of all this putting-my-feelings-into-words business.”
Sherlock doesn’t meet his eyes as he does so. “All that, this morning. About the snipers. I just – ” He stops, then goes on after a moment. He shuts off the water and turns his face toward John’s but still doesn’t look directly at him. “There were three people on that list,” he says quietly, his voice strangely intense. “Not my brother. Not my parents. Not my sister. Not Molly. Not – anyone else. Just those three.”
John accepts this. “Okay,” he says, not questioning it. Sherlock’s memories of this place can only be traumatic, and he knows better than to push. He climbs into the passenger side of the car, feeling out of place – normally this would be the driver’s side – and thinks of the parallel between this destroyed village and him and Sherlock, neither of them ever giving name to what they’ve felt for each other all along. Only they’re going to fix the thing John thought he left behind him in ruins. They’ve named it now, and they’re going to build something new and unbelievably good. There’s so much that’s happened in only a matter of days – hours, even – that he’s got a lot to process. But this is definitely very, very good. “Where should we go?” he asks, not even caring. He doesn’t know the area, anyway. As long as they go together, their destination doesn’t matter to him one bit.
He smiles around the table and says, “Well, we were thinking… our group has really bonded this week, and it would be a shame to lose that after we all leave. We had a chance to see everyone’s registration forms this afternoon and noticed that we all live in London. What would you think of meeting up once a month or so, and catching up? Just to continue the circle meetings, sort of, informally.”
He’d hung up then, filled with foreboding and worry for John above all. For John to be drunk at half-past ten in the morning, depressed – at least per Molly’s description of the scene – to the point of not being capable of looking after himself or his daughter, then something must be very wrong, indeed. Sherlock feels certain that it must be the Harris and Elizabeth Mills murder-suicide case that triggered this downward spiral, but he’s not quite sure why or how. After Molly’s call, he tried texting John again, just a short/simple
He’s being solicitously polite, which John’s come to recognise as a mask for something or other, though what it might be this time is beyond his comprehension. “Sure, yeah,” he says, so Sherlock leads him into the house. Just inside the door, he offers a pair of plastic shoe covers. “It’s a messy one,” he explains briefly. He gives John a moment to slip them on, then nods toward the sitting room. “This way.”
We’ve been quiet since the train left the city, apart from the occasional exchange. Mycroft’s agents are stationed at either end of the car, out of our sight. They’ll stay on the train when we get off in Gloucester. According to Mycroft, the threat level is only high when Rosie’s with us in London. I look across at where she’s sitting in her train seat. She nearly always falls asleep on the train and this time is no exception, her head lolling to the side, one thumb plugged into her mouth. The rocking motion often has a similar effect on me, too. I smile back at Sherlock. “I’m just glad to be going to your parents’ place like – this,” I say. “As this.” I squeeze his hand to show what I mean.
“So they do,” Sherlock informs him, feeling rather pleased with himself. “This is Mycroft’s way of thanking us.”
“I guess I don’t have to feel guilty for not having felt worse,” John says. “All of that crap about having loved being Mary Watson and that. It was just another slice of bullshit, meant to make me feel eternally guilty for not having loved her more.”
John almost forgot. He tugs his t-shirt down, then collects his ice bucket and room key and goes to the door. “Text me,” he says, turning back and deeply unwilling to go.
Mycroft is evidently unmoved. “Sherlock has disowned me as his brother,” he says acerbically. “I was given
The rest of the day goes unexpectedly well. He and John clean up from their brunch together. Sherlock would have protested this, but the set of John’s jaw speaks volumes in terms of his determination to pitch in, so Sherlock wisely says nothing and they set the kitchen in order companionably. Afterwards John suggests going for a walk, as the sun is out. Slightly astonished by this, particularly given how disinclined John was just yesterday to leave the flat he shared with Mary, Sherlock agreed and they spent an hour walking through the surrounding neighbourhoods in the crisp-edged early spring air. Sherlock takes care to avoid any particular gestures of physical affection, but their arms brush together numerous times, and at one point when they sit down on a bench with a cup of coffee purchased from a vending cart, John sits very close to him, the warmth of his body seeping through the thick layer of Sherlock’s coat and the thinner one of John’s jacket.
Eventually we turn the bodies over to the medical team (minus the coroner himself) and expand our search for information into the rest of the house. The obvious suspect is the husband, of course, so we start there – though naturally, Sherlock reminds everyone that the obvious choice isn’t necessarily the correct one. However, it certainly looks that way: Donovan, in direct challenge to Sherlock’s reminder, discovers and points out that the husband works in some sort of manufacturing plant which may well use an industrial strength acid that he’d have had access to. Sherlock doesn’t budge, insisting that we don’t even know what sort of acid it is, yet. Nonetheless, he agrees to go and wait in the factory to see if the husband turns up for his night shift on the manufacturing floor.
The first workshop is for everyone, seemingly. After a buffet breakfast with free-for-all seating, John follows Sherlock to the adjacent conference room, still set up from the previous day’s orientation session, for a discussion ominously titled
Sherlock looks up at the sky as they walk and thinks of John on that day at the flat, weeping in his arms and saying that it was never supposed to happen that way. “I wish it had gone a bit more romantically from the start,” he says, feeling only slightly abashed at the sentimental admission. “I wish it had been more what you might have imagined.”
“Thanks, Greg, that was a great speech!” he says. “Not boring at all!” People laugh again. Kyle smiles over at them. “Now it’s time for the grooms to make their own speeches,” he says. “We’re going to start with John, I believe?”
John kind of wants him to say it, yet knows that he shouldn’t ask. “Good,” he says simply. After another ten minutes or so, Sherlock’s back and shoulders finally feel considerably looser and Sherlock’s breathing has slowed and deepened. John squeezes his shoulders. “You can lie forward again,” he says gently, and that definitely comes out sounding too seductive.
After lunch, they return to the room and continue their individual work. John has no idea what Sherlock is working on and isn’t about to ask, not after Sherlock’s last snub. Instead, he throws himself into the exhausting world of social media, searching for traces of any of the six victims on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and whatever else the internet searches suggest. He goes in order, starting with Lydia Dharma. He finds her on Facebook and scrolls through her profile page, then her photos. She was pretty and seemingly well-liked. There are photos of her with various groups of friends – having big group dinners in restaurants, standing in a tightly-packed kitchen under a crooked
Sherlock feels his eyebrows rise nearly to his hairline and can’t think of what to say in response to this. If John actually willingly spoke to Mycroft, that alone speaks volumes. “Goodness,” he says mildly, trying to respond casually. “What sort of cuisine is it? It sounds vaguely Asian.”
The kiss goes on longer than any other John’s ever had in his life. Finally it eases off, leaving them breathless in each other’s arms. Somehow Sherlock’s hair has become rather wild, and John suspects that his hands may have been the cause of this. “
“The Starbucks across the street, I thought,” Sherlock says. “Latte, extra shot of espresso. I want to be good and alert for this.”
“You’re surprisingly good with her,” John allows. “But at the end of the day, she’s my responsibility and will be for years and years. I don’t know – I want to get back into regular, normal casework with you again, but I’ve got to work, I need the money, especially with a child in the picture, and it’s going to hold me back in ways I never wanted. By the time she’s grown up and on her own, I’ll probably be too old for this sort of work, our sort, I mean. So while I feel horribly guilty about it, there’s also that.”
John tries for a smile and if it comes out a bit tightly, that can’t be helped. “Okay,” he says. Sherlock doesn’t want to talk about last night, clearly. That’s okay. It was a good bit more intimate than any of the other nights have been so far, and John likes the trend, if not the reason behind it. At least Sherlock is willing to allow John to hold him when he needs it, or wants it. That alone is a lot, and he’d rather not say anything clumsy or stupid to risk blowing that very trust. He’s asked for specific direction just now and been given it: get himself some coffee. Right. Good. He gets up and goes for a mug to do exactly that.
She sits back and watches him, having made her points, and starts in on her dessert now. Liz looks at her, then at John. “We’ve talked about this, at length,” she says, softer than Harry. “We’re completely prepared for the long haul here. We know what it will take and we’re willing to make the sacrifices it takes to raise her. You don’t have to carry that all on your own. And as Harry said, we’re all family now. It’s not like you’d be giving her to strangers, or putting her out of your life. What do you think?”
“That actually does sound familiar,” John says, and releases his hand. He puts his menu down and clears his throat, steering away from the emotion. “I think I’ll just have water with it. I seem to recall the chips being fairly salty.”
John laughs suddenly, the sound surprising both of them. “Okay,” he says, then takes Sherlock’s face and kisses him again, much longer this time, and it’s bliss. The joy Sherlock has been attempting to hold back breaks free of its bonds and floods his being as he fumblingly kisses back to the best of his ability, his arms still tight around John’s back. Eventually the kiss subsides and John leans his forehead into Sherlock’s, his eyes closed. “Please, please, please take me out of this hellhole,” he says, his breath warm on Sherlock’s face. It doesn’t matter that it smells of stale whiskey, just as his mouth tastes. It doesn’t matter at all. “I just want to come home at last.”
“Yeah?” There’s a longish pause as John clearly debates internally. Finally he says, “I’m glad I’m there, too.”
Sherlock accepts this and carefully replaces everything in the box. Later, he’ll put it back up in the attic. “What about her rabbit?” he asks. “Why don’t you bring that down? You can keep it under your pillow, or in the drawer of your night table. Wherever you like. Just so that it’s there, if you want it.”
The girl looks at him with wide eyes and doesn’t respond. She takes another sip of her tea, holding the cup with both hands as though cold.
The afternoon and evening are lovely, in fact. Mrs Holmes hugs me for a very long time upon our arrival, and both of us pretend we’re not a little misty-eyed when it’s done. She holds me by the shoulders afterward, her eyes fixed on mine, and I notice again how much like Sherlock’s they are. “We’re just
“I suspected,” Sherlock says, a bit aloofly. Perhaps he doesn’t want to discuss his suspicions about Mary in front of John.
Sherlock looks across at him, then gets up and comes to stand near the chair to John’s left. “Coming?” he asks, his voice carefully light, his tone betraying nothing as he faces outward, surveying the emptying dining room in feigned boredom.
John looks, the entries clearly marked and labelled. It’s all true. “You’re saying she was working for him?” he says, frowning. “Doing what? Do you have any idea?”
John takes a deep, steadying breath, searching Sherlock’s gaze in turn. “It – it might have been a bit too soon to say that, and I don’t want to – but – yes. I meant that. I’m sorry if I – ”
John makes a slightly irritated sound. “I forgot about that. We could always leave her with Mrs Hudson?”
Despite his instinctive dislike for the man, however, there were other factors to consider as well. John did pass the test in terms of having turned the bribe down, regardless of his personal motivations in having done so. He also managed to save Sherlock from that ridiculous battle of wits with the taxi driver. Mycroft had never seen Sherlock look as happy as he did that night as he walked off with his new flatmate and, seemingly – astoundingly, rather – friend.
I thank him absently and pat the milk off the woman’s face. “Who are they?” I ask, pushing her eyelids back to check for the same symptom. It’s there, sure enough. I sniff at her breath but smell nothing other than cornflakes and coffee.
So here they are, and Sherlock feels as ridiculous as John. He sees Brad and Doug standing against the back wall, mugs of beer in their hands. They’re not attired for the contest and, given their builds, Sherlock privately decides this is wise. Still, they’re likeable sorts. “Hello,” he says. John appears beside him and nods at them, too.
Sherlock opens his mouth, but again, there are too many things to say, so he settles for leaning forward and kissing John again, soundly, and John kisses back with every bit as much enthusiasm. The next time they come up for air, more questions occur. “So who wrote the letter, then?” Sherlock asks.
For the first time, Sherlock pauses. His eyes fall to the level of Mycroft’s desk. After a moment or two have passed, he speaks. “You’re correct in what you said: about it not having been your right to make decisions about my life on my behalf, particularly without my input. However… I can acknowledge that I have nonetheless benefited from your… oversight. Your help. More than once. There was a time when I might have died without it. I do know that. And for that… I do thank you.”
“I was, but not for the reasons you’re thinking,” Sherlock says. He smooths that same hand down over the back of John’s head, then lowers his head to kiss him again, just a brief press of his lips to John’s.
John has had just about enough of this shit. He shifts in his seat and crosses his arms, then uncrosses them again, knowing that it makes him look defensive. Maybe he’s been remiss as a father in many respects, but if Rosie ever came to him and said she fancied girls or some such thing, he hopes he’d have the decency to respond well. He risks the quickest of looks at Sherlock and sees that his lips are pursed, a muscle in his jaw twitching, his hands held together in his lap on top of the folder containing his schedule  and workshop materials. John swallows and looks away, wishing for the millionth time that he could know what Sherlock is thinking.
Sherlock blinks and looks up, the blueish light from his screen illuminating his face oddly. “Oh – all right,” he says, and it sort of helps that he sounds as awkward as John is trying his best not to feel. He closes the laptop and gets to his feet. “Er – over there?” he asks, meaning the sofa, which John is standing in front of.
“Ohhh, yes! They have amazing dim sum, too! Should we go tomorrow?” Sherlock asks spontaneously. “We haven’t had dim sum in ages. Months.”
“You were the one who wanted to come,” Sherlock reminds him, though he’s still being careful. “Is this… about your coaching?”
“She knows all the right questions to ask, and when you haven’t said everything,” Thom says. He leans over and kisses Justin on the cheek. “She helped us a lot. We’ve asked to see her again tomorrow or the day after, too, just to sort out a few other things. Might as well, right? Given what we’ve all paid to be here?”
This seems to startle both Lestrade and Mycroft into temporary speechlessness and makes Sherlock’s face warm again. He clears his throat. “There’s more, if you’d like,” he says politely to Lestrade, suppressing his rather intense urge to be alone with John again.
“But she would like that. Of course she would.” Sherlock takes another bite of his food. “I have no objection whatsoever,” he tells me, stabbing a piece of roast parsnip. “I hope you didn’t think that I would.”
He’s drinking it at the kitchen table when his phone rings, so he bolts over to get it. It’s Greg again. John’s heart sinks but he answers. “Hey,” he says, already feeling awkward about not having answered Greg’s text.
John puts another pancake on the serving plate and brings it over to the table. “Maybe we should all do something,” he says spontaneously. “If you feel up for going out, that is. Maybe a picnic in the park this afternoon or something.”
John definitely snorts and it breaks the slight awkwardness between them. “I think you’ve got plenty of that already,” he says dryly. “C’mere. Lean forward.”
“Thanks,” John says, before Sherlock can, and there’s definitely relief in his tone. “Like I said, we hit a bit of a bump and we’ve talked it through, but we both think that talking about it with Margaret could help.”
John has the grace to look a bit sheepish. “Hoped,” he corrects, though. “I never knew for certain.”
“I don’t think it has to extend to relationship roles,” Andrew says, from John’s left. “Our ideal is to keep things pretty balanced. We make decisions together. We both earn money. We both clean our living space. We’re talking about adopting a child, and if we end up deciding to do it, we would both assume that taking care of our child is an equal responsibility. That’s actually one of the things I personally like the most about being gay: it makes me feel free of the pre-set expectations of heterosexual relationships. No one is being told to stay in the kitchen or any of that nonsense. We can both just be responsible adults who share responsibilities of every kind, regardless of whether they were traditionally considered ‘male’ or ‘female’. Which is a load of crap in the first place. It’s the twenty-first century. Everybody works, and everybody needs to cook and clean and look after their kids and the rest of it. All of us being men just means that the traditional stereotypes don’t apply, so we’ve got to figure out how to divide all of that up, see what works for our relationships.”
“No, I’m not suggesting that,” Sherlock says. “But it might have helped her to have some contact from her own family. To know that she hadn’t been forgotten.” He pauses, then reaches for the pliers again. “I don’t intend to forget her now.”
that you’ll call the front desk with requests for oysters and chocolate sauce, why we stock your showers with as many luxuriant body products as we can find. Let’s be honest: most of us privately think that if sex stopped happening, there’d be no point in staying in the relationship.” He glances around at them. “Yeah? I’m seeing a lot of nods. Good. So let’s talk about it, drag some of this stuff into the light. What kind of issues do you have behind those bedroom doors? Brad and Doug, you mentioned wanting to get a little more spark into your relationship. I assume you mean sexually. Do you want to comment on that?”
“Close to the coast,” Sherlock points out. “Sparsely populated in places. Lots of fields to land in. I share your curiosity as to where the parachuters themselves are going. It would seem safe to wager a guess that Smirnov is the one receiving them.”
“Interpol has located Jeremy Davidson,” Mycroft announces, somehow managing to sound both superior and annoyed. “Some of us were
He pushes himself up and bends over Sherlock, balancing himself on the green leather arms of his chair. Sherlock looks up at him and John’s face comes closer, their lips meeting firmly. They part, then meet again, then again, and John murmurs, “You
He sees it a moment later: a low, single-storey dwelling attached on either side to what appear to be abandoned, partially-damaged houses. There’s a light on inside, just a single lamp, but there’s also a faint, lingering scent of cooking in the air. It’s a definite sign of life: in other words, Mary. John stops, his heart still racing unpleasantly from the clock tolling, and braces himself, trying to remember the things he wanted to say and what order to say them in. He’s got to get this right. He walks over to the door, raises his fist to knock, then stops again, wishing for the hundredth time since he landed in Sarajevo two days ago that he had his SIG. He doesn’t think that Mary would shoot him, but this is also the last place he ever would have thought to look for her on finding out that she isn’t really dead: a bombed-out village in eastern Europe. He grits his teeth and knocks.
Sherlock rolls his eyes with aplomb and jabs his thumbs at his phone screen. “All manner of clichéd nonsense. There. I’ve sent you the pamphlet. Seems this isn’t just to be a mere wedding show with exhibits and such; there are going to be talks and presentations and workshops and a lot of other wedding-related idiocy.”
He lets that sink in for a moment, then finds Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock gets it before John does. “The TD-12 injections,” he says quietly.
“No,” Sherlock tells him, his eyes still hard. “It wasn’t. It never has been.” His mouth is set. “Go on.”
They don’t talk about this the next day, either. After they’ve had breakfast, Sherlock says that he’s going to go for a walk and might pick up a thing or two. He doesn’t ask if John wants to come, so John just gives him a quick, once-over scan, then agrees. “All right,” he says, trying to get it to come out without tension or charge. Maybe Sherlock needs the space. Maybe he specifically needs it from John, given that they seem to still be sleeping in the same bed in an ongoing pattern now. Maybe he’s feeling weird about it and needs to think. Who knows? “Have a nice walk,” he adds.
Andrea swallows and looks away. “You could say that. He’s an arsehole. A cheater. We were engaged. So if I’m prioritizing my career and steering clear of the dating scene to concentrate on keeping this kitchen up and running, I’m sure you’ll understand.”
John doesn’t have the energy or desire to counter this, so he doesn’t. They lie there together, recovering and waking up slowly, quietly revelling in each other, in having found this, and it’s without doubt the best morning after John’s ever experienced, too. After a little, he shifts sideways into the crook of Sherlock’s arm, leaving an arm and leg draped across Sherlock’s thigh and abdomen respectively. “This feels unbelievable,” he says, not checking his words or the wonder he’s not even trying to keep out of his voice.
“And you could obviously take her other times, too, if something came up – a spot of free time, or if you went on holiday,” Kate adds. “We could be flexible. I don’t have any desire to keep her from you – from any of you.”
“There has been a series of… unexpected deaths in Cambridge,” Mycroft says, adding milk from the bottle and probably reducing his estimation of John’s level of evolution in the process. “Specifically at one conference centre. They’re spaced out at seemingly random intervals, and so far I have failed to identify any links between the victims.”
Sherlock watches him intently, listening. He waits, not wanting to interrupt, to see if John will expand on this.
“Are you cold?” John asks, but Sherlock shakes his head, just a brief movement on the pillow. John keeps his elbow and forearm on Sherlock’s upper arm, but moves his fingers back to Sherlock’s curls, since he seemed to like that the day he had a nightmare on the sofa. “What was it this time?” he asks, hoping it won’t be too intrusive. Better out than in, Ella always use to advise him.
Mycroft says something into his phone. “Here she comes now,” he says, meaning the chopper, and a few seconds later it appears, a tiny black dot in the sky. The sound grows louder as it approaches and then bumps down onto the ground.
hoping that maybe the… inherent intimacy of the setting might help,” Sherlock confesses. A large snowflake lands on his eyelashes and he blinks, and John reaches up to wipe it gently away with his forefinger.
Sherlock is watching him intently, a look of faint disgust on his features. “And then we found a bomb and caught a bomber,” he points out. “Well. That is rather off-putting. Agreed, then: I won’t sit with him. How very inconsistent for the former CEO of this entire enterprise.”
, he needs a wank!) He makes himself wait until Sherlock has fallen asleep again, but it takes nearly thirty minutes. Sherlock must be in the same state as he is, but neither of them can let on. Finally, Sherlock’s breathing slows again, and John slips out of the bedroom with gratitude, making for the kitchen this time, just in case. He comes as quietly as he can into a paper towel, afraid of running the taps in case they cover the sound of Sherlock coming to see where he went, then fills a glass with cold water and downs it. After that, his body finally quiets enough that he can go back to bed, climbing in and almost gingerly sliding over to where Sherlock is and putting an arm around him again. To ward off the nightmares, he tells himself, hoping at the same time that it won’t make Sherlock’s problem worse. He’s asleep again within minutes.
He thrusts as deeply as he can go into Sherlock, pulling out and slamming back in, Sherlock’s voice urgent and encouraging him. “Please, John – yes, like th – ohhh – God, yes, I – pl – ”
We don’t mean to fall asleep, but we do. I wake up sometime later and find myself in a tangle of limbs with Sherlock, which is wonderful but I’ve also got to piss. He’s sleeping so deeply that he actually doesn’t wake as I extract myself to creep into the loo and relieve myself in the dark, not wanting the light to disturb him. I flush, wash the sticky residue off my skin, give my hands a rinse, then crawl back into bed with him, arranging his arms so that they’re around me again, and this time he does stir, his mouth smacking sleepily (which is completely endearing and takes absolutely nothing away from how devastatingly attractive I still find him.
It’s true: the rich scents of the wine, beef, and thyme have combined into an increasingly heady, powerfully appetising aroma that’s had Sherlock’s stomach rumbling since late afternoon. He checks the time. “Just about, I should think. Let me put the baguette in to warm.” He shuts his laptop and gets up, crossing into the kitchen.
I struggle with this. “I mean, I did,” I say, trying to put it into words. “But it was never… it was a safe choice. A comfortable choice. At least until I found out who she really was. It wasn’t… thunder and lightning.”
Everyone laughs, John included, Sherlock notes. Lucas moves on. “This woman right here may be the most important member of our staff,” he says, and she smiles and tries to wave it off, but he insists. “This is Margaret. You’ll all have at least two hours with Margaret in a private counselling session between you and your partner. If I have one word of advice, it’s this: be open with Margaret. She will see it when you’re hiding things! Margaret
through – that you can say that with any degree of seriousness at all is simply – unfathomable. I believed the letter because it felt true. It felt as though it should be true. Though I’ll admit that it was even worse than I had thought.”
The following day is quiet. They both stay home, puttering around the flat and not talking much. Sherlock buries himself in a long medical tome about infectious diseases that actually belongs to John from his med school days, only emerging to eat lunch when John announces that he’s made it, and again later on when Mrs Hudson comes up with a shepherd’s pie and an offer to give Rosie her bath and get her settled. By the time John finds himself yawning and realising that it’s time for bed, neither he nor Sherlock acknowledge it when he follows Sherlock down the corridor to his bedroom again. He changes the dressings on Sherlock’s back and tells him that the next time they come off, they can stay off, that the wounds are healing well. And that night, for the first time since it all began, Sherlock doesn’t have a nightmare.
Sherlock opens those slanted midnight eyes of his and blinks at me. “I’ve never been surer of anything, John. I want you inside me.
Shelley makes a thinking sound. “Actually, she’s had a cancellation for late this afternoon, if that’s not too soon. It’s for half-past five. Her last one of the day.”
It’s almost half-past eleven by the time they’ve got dressed and made a plan for the day. Since today’s lunch is the final meal of the conference, the first order of business is definitely joining the rest of their group, whom they haven’t really seen since Saturday night’s ball. In the lift, John reaches over and firmly takes Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock looks over at him and smiles, a faint air of triumph hovering about his mouth, his fingers tightening in John’s.
Mary bends over again, the way she did before, and says, “Well, I’m happy to oblige anytime. I haven’t got any problem with… getting close to my friends. Very close, even.”
Sherlock gasps; John’s undeniably talented mouth is on his neck, his hands on Sherlock’s arse. He can’t speak – all he is capable of at the moment is feeling, awash in sensation as John pulls their bodies flush together, John’s arousal as apparent in his jeans as Sherlock’s must be to him. He grasps at John, anywhere he can, and doesn’t resist in any way as John’s small, efficient hands peel off his clothing, Sherlock clumsily helping him with his own. He is left naked in the dark of the room, his entire frame on fire with desire for John, desire that’s pointing stiffly out from his body, impossible to hide or deny or downplay.
Jodie gives him a slightly pointed look. “You know that I work with couples for a living, right? Not to brag, but I’m pretty good at what I do. I wouldn’t have called you on it, but it’s been pretty clear to me from the start that you two aren’t a couple, or weren’t before last night, at any rate. You’re obviously here to work on a case, and it makes sense that you would be posing as an engaged couple at a wedding show. That’s just obvious.”
Chez Pierre isn’t enormous, but it’s large enough to have a conversation in without being overheard, which is perfect. The wait staff are professional and the wine list is impressive. They order, brandied beef medallions for Sherlock and stuffed quail in saffron bisque for John, and take the wine suggestion adroitly made by their server. This is uncorked and poured, and they drink it with a freshly-baked baguette brought out hot from the oven.
John climbs in with some care, putting himself closer to the middle than Sherlock is, so Sherlock shifts closer. John smiles approvingly at this, then finds Sherlock’s fingers and brings them to his lips. “How do you feel?” he asks, his voice lower and more intimate already, his eyes on Sherlock’s.
John has a dozen thoughts about this at once, but this is hardly the place. (The case, he reminds himself.) “How do they know each other?”
“Exactly,” John agrees. He takes a long sip of his wine. “We’re rather unique, I think. Our relationship will be its own thing: we’re not Justin and Thom, we’re not Brad and Doug. We’re who we are, and we’re not going to try to fit into anyone’s preconceived expectations of that that’s ‘supposed’ to look like.”
Sherlock hesitates, looking down at his hands. For a long time he doesn’t answer. Finally he says, “This was… unexpected.”
Sherlock doesn’t rise to the bait. “As sometimes happens in my line of work,” he says blandly, and John gives Harry a look that he fails to comprehend.
“I’ll be right back,” he repeats. He goes to the back of the door and picks up Sherlock’s plaid dressing gown. “Borrowing this, if you don’t mind.”
“Trust me,” John says dryly, “as someone who’s been through PTSD – who still deals with it from time to time – believe me when I tell you that no one
John smiles down at him, feeling so much he thinks it could crack him wide open. “I have absolutely no intention of depriving myself of you, either,” he says, his heart in his throat. “I’m not going anywhere.”
We look down at her in her cot, where she’s already breathing slowly and deeply, and Mrs Holmes puts her hand over mine on the rail. “We do love her so much, you know,” she says softly.
John lifts off just enough to say it again. “I love you.” He says it looking into Sherlock’s eyes, feeling Sherlock’s heart thumping against his own through their chests. “I love you so much.”
She catches it immediately and levels him with a look. “Sherlock.” She’s not having it. “Did he stay over or not?”
Sherlock doesn’t ask how Mycroft deduced the dynamic between them. He supposes it must be obvious enough to an observant eye, and Mycroft is certainly more than that. He scowls and ends the call without responding, then puts his phone down and rakes his hands through his hair. This is a disaster. Sometimes in the past, having a case has saved them when things became difficult. Now it seems that nothing can help. Should he try again, say something else, attempt to make John feel less – whatever he seems to be feeling? Or would that just make it even worse?
John like a common whore. He can’t even tell which bit is the most shocking. He’s angry, too, he realises. On so many levels. This place is supposedly hyper-vigilant in its zeal to squash out homosexuality in any form, yet its own former CEO is evidently into all sorts of proclivities that John wonders if the rest of the National Defense of Traditional Marriage Coalition knows anything about. He’s also angry that this creepy old man figured that he was available for hire. It’s alarming that he already suspected that John isn’t entirely straight, that he and Sherlock evidently both aren’t, and that they’re a package deal. Does he just assume that all men who are into men are like that? Is it a generational thing – that when Roy was younger, the only way to get to be with another man was to hire one? Either way, he’s angry, doubly so because of what Roy said about Sherlock. It’s true that Sherlock has a beautiful mouth, and it’s not the first time that John’s treacherous mind has had similar thoughts about it, which makes him feel guilty now. He doesn’t want anyone thinking about Sherlock like that. And ‘throwing him in’, like a two-for-one package, at that. Like Sherlock wasn’t even worth enough to consider ‘hiring’ all on his own.
“No. It was just the way things turned out,” Sherlock says, refuting this. He touches John’s lips with his fingers. “It doesn’t matter now.”
“We’re not very good at this, are we?” John asks ruefully. They’re wandering north, meandering onto a side path away from the wider road. The fact that he’s actually holding Sherlock’s hand feels absolutely unbelievable. He tightens his fingers a little, just to confirm it for himself, and Sherlock returns the gesture, squeezing back. “When did you know in a more concrete way how you felt about me?”
That night, I’m rubbing and squeezing his arse as we kiss, our cocks hard and pushing up against each other’s, and I make a questioning sound into his mouth as my hand slides closer to where his perfect, should-be-illegal cheeks divide, and he nods and makes a sound of agreement. I keep it simple for now, just finding the entrance to his body and gently rubbing as we frot together. It’s good. Just getting used to the idea of it helps, I think, for both of us. And the next morning, I’m just having a piss when Sherlock comes in, his morning erection at full billow, and he comes over to stand behind me, rubbing his face into my shoulder like a big, sleepy jungle cat, his very-interested cock fitting right into the crease of my arse.
Sherlock puts one hand on the back of John’s head and begins to stroke his hair. “I hate that you’re right,” he says. “But you are. I know you are.”
Instead of just dropping it inside, Sherlock holds the dildo out to me. “This one has lubricant on it.
The lady nods. “Yes,” she says, her voice shaking. “It was a leadership conference and I was here to present one of the workshops about women in leadership. I’d hired her before, and she was there to learn how to build up her own career. We talked once or twice… my table was only a few over from hers when it started.”
They lie there for several moments, coming down from the peak together, limbs trembling from the strength of it. There doesn’t seem to be any need to talk just yet; Sherlock is keenly aware of a wordless communion between them, feeling closer to John than he knew it was possible for two people to feel. After a bit, John stirs and raises his head, looking down at him. His face is full of tenderness and he strokes the damp curls back from Sherlock’s forehead. “You okay?” he asks.
“It wasn’t,” Mycroft says, his tone a bit sharp. “There were reasons why I didn’t, years back. Only now it’s all come to the surface again. I wish it never had. Though I suppose I’m cautiously glad that Sherlock has remembered. The drug, the TD-12, was only supposed to erase the memory of how Redbeard died. It was never intended to alter anything else, or to change him.”
They make a sauce, scraping the bits of browning from the bottom of the pan and pouring in the cabernet they bought, then mixing in the beef stock and tomato paste and a splash of soy sauce that Sherlock nearly overlooked. It’s beginning to smell very good. “Now the flour?” John asks.
They have a few preferred sushi restaurants, but Yasaka is indubitably the nicest. It’s the most expensive, with the longest menu and the fanciest décor, and John always thinks of it as a place to go for a special occasion. He’s not sure why he suggested it for just another regular day of renos, but Sherlock agreed readily. No – scratch that, of
“Then just say Swedish,” John advises. “That’s for relaxation. That’s what I was going to request, if they ask. I sort of assume it’s the default, anyway.”
John looks at Sherlock, looking a bit dubious, but Sherlock merely looks thoughtful, a crease between his brows and at the bridge of his nose. “What should we choose?” John asks him.
John can’t even tell whether this is meant to sound barbed or just playful, but Sherlock is definitely asking if John brought it up because he wants Sherlock to blow him. “No!” he says, too forcefully. He clears his throat yet again. “That’s not at all what I – look, every single coaching we’ve had has come at
“But did you never want it to be that?” Harry asks, refusing to let the subject be changed. Mum looks at him expectantly, wanting to hear the answer, too.
“I’ll just email and tell them to phone me if it’s so urgent,” Sherlock decides, already typing rapidly. A moment later he clicks. “There.” He picks up his phone and stares at it expectantly.
“Our second mistake was thinking that he would be satisfied with only my death and his,” Sherlock tells him, his gaze still trained upward. He sighs. “For that oversight, I will never forgive myself. It was inexcusable. All the data pointed to it, particularly to – but we didn’t see it. My brother was so certain that Moriarty only wanted
She looks a bit contrite, but nods. “We counted,” she says softly. “It’s not a complaint, John. And – we didn’t quite say that right. I mean, adoption is a possibility, but what we mostly mean is that we’d like to offer to have Rosie here full-time. That’s all. She’ll always be your daughter, no matter what. That goes without saying. It would just spare you the question of what to do with her at nights when you need to be out and about solving crimes, and how to keep her safe. How better? I doubt all those journalists even know you’ve got a sister, never mind where she lives. And you know how much we love her. She’s already got her own room here. We bought a cot months ago, after Mary died. She’s got a swing and toys and clothes, a changing table, bottles – we’ve got everything. And we wanted a child. I work from home – my office is right next to her room, so I’d always be close.”
John blinks and nods, trying to quell his intense jealousy at the very notion of Sherlock not only blowing Corey Graham, but enjoying it. “Did he… return the favour?”
“Did you?” Sherlock, oddly, smiles at him. “So have I. I didn’t want to say anything because I had no proof and I didn’t want to alarm you.”
Sherlock kisses the top of my head. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he says gently. “You’re doing plenty right. Stop this endless negativity about yourself.”
He doesn’t. Instead, he finds the power switch and turns it off. “It was hidden in his shaving kit,” he informs me coolly. “Now would you agree that the dildo situation is grounds for suspicion?” Without waiting for an answer, he says, imperiously, “Evidence bag,” his arm thrusting the sex toy out at me.
John purses his lips and ducks his chin, retreating, himself, and the introductions carry on. He can feel Sherlock’s tension beside him, but it eases off as the meeting progresses, as does his own. Neither of them shares, as usual, but this time when they leave, John steels himself, then takes care to put a hand on Sherlock’s back as they walk out in a visible gesture of belonging, of demonstrable physical connection.
When it finally ebbs off many minutes later, Sherlock puts his arms all the way around John, pulling him as close as he can, hugging him fiercely. “John.
Sherlock’s fingers are dangling loosely, John notes, though it doesn’t help the turmoil in his gut. Sherlock looks back over his shoulder at him. “Tomorrow?” he says.
John’s arms are still around Sherlock and he doesn’t let go entirely. “They are now,” he says. He nods at the camera. “Were you really able to take a photo of us from there like that?”
“True, though we also go to nicer places, like you said,” John points out. He puts the last of the cups into the drying rack and drains the sink, rinsing it out. “Cup of tea? Or have you got to leave soon?”
He shuts himself in the loo, runs the taps at full blast, and jerks himself off over the sink. It’s quick – he was already trembling right at the very edge – and it’s messy when he comes, spraying out of him with force and feeling better than it’s got any right to, given the supreme awkwardness of both he and Sherlock being
“Agreed.” John kisses him briefly, then does it again, longer. That leads into a third, and then a fourth. He looks down between them, feeling wet. “We’re a mess,” he says, peeling himself off Sherlock with difficulty. “Shower?”
Molly came for Rosie yesterday, dutifully allowing John to take her temperature and run her through the list of screening questions before handing his child and her various accoutrements over. There was a whole conversation that involved a lowering of voices which Sherlock, overhearing from upstairs through the open door, assumes means that Molly is also in on John’s secret. He gritted his teeth and resolutely turned the page of the
“So she was getting it from Harris and passing it on to the kid,” Lestrade says. He looks at John, who still isn’t convinced. “Come on, mate. It’s all there. Did Bob Singh mention to you two that Harris was constantly putting Elizabeth down in public, too? One of the other sets of neighbours corroborated.”
John sighs. “Look, I’m sorry, Greg. I don’t know what to tell you. The fact is that things aren’t okay, but I don’t even know why or how. Sherlock’s not here and I don’t know where he is. I think you’re on your own for this one. I’m sorry.”
John breaks off the kiss, panting, his breath hot on Sherlock’s lips. His fingers are slipping the buttons out of Sherlock’s shirt with dextrous ease, working downward, and when he reaches the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, he looks back up into his eyes and kisses him again, a hard suck at his lips as he unbuttons Sherlock and unzips him, a hand slipping down to cup him in his underwear, and Sherlock’s oxygen punches out of his lungs with force.
Sherlock shook his head but didn’t say anything, the chips turning grainy and flavourless in his mouth. He’d struggled to go on chewing and swallowing and trying not to think of John. He’d directed his focus to choosing another chip and ate that without tasting it, either.
“I will never leave you on your own,” Sherlock vows, his voice low. “Never, John. I will always be there. I told you: I made you a vow. And I don’t intend to break it. Not now, nor any other time.”
Ella is careful to conceal how pleased she is about this development, on both their parts. For John to have finally come to a place of admitting his feelings, not only to himself but also to Sherlock, is tremendous. And for Sherlock to have allowed himself to become vulnerable enough to confess his own feelings and allow himself to enter this sort of relationship is also marked progress. “Well, that’s wonderful news, that you’re together now,” she says, offering them a smile. “Can I ask how that came about, with a little more detail, perhaps?”
Sherlock holds out his hand to be shaken. “Sherlock Holmes,” he says, his voice devoid of inflection.
Back in their room, John decides to take a shower before dinner. Sherlock sits down with his laptop and makes a few notes about the staff and the other guests, and realises only then that they completely forgot to discuss their findings during the walk.
John does his best to look nonchalant. “Yeah, well… I didn’t get any. I like it for my coffee in the mornings, especially in summer. It’s – it’s a British thing,” he invents. They won’t know any different. “But I didn’t find a machine on this floor, and I’m only in my underwear, so…” he shrugs. “I gave up on it. I’ll just have my coffee hot.”
“Would you ever want to live in a palace?” Sherlock asks curiously, still holding his hand as they follow the paved path.
“Funny,” Sherlock says, putting his lips to John’s hair. “That’s exactly how I feel. We’re so lucky to have this, aren’t we?”
His jaw clenches and Ella feels acutely sorry for him for a moment. “I see,” she says softly. “That must be so difficult. I can see how you feel responsible. Though you must remember that it wasn’t you who pulled the trigger, and it was Mary’s decision to jump the way she did. You must be grieving her death, too.”
Sherlock considers this. “We could talk to her, of course,” he says thoughtfully. “I don’t know that it’s fully necessary, however. As I understand it, her role would be primarily to help you come to understand your feelings about this, rather than… specific advice in terms of what to do.” He studies John acutely. “Do you know what you feel about it?” he asks curiously. “Or – is it all right if I ask? Or would you rather not?”
I just catch a glimpse of Sherlock’s expression as it changes, and then his mouth is on mine again, needy and possessive at the same time, and I can feel his back shuddering with emotion as we kiss deeply, our arms wrapped tightly around each other, legs scrabbling to twine around each other whichever way possible. We roll over each other, the blankets getting tangled around our legs, and stop with Sherlock above me this time, our hips bucking together. We both softened a bit during the talk, but now I can feel him, hard against me, as hard as I am.
“That’s – the most preposterous thing I’ve ever heard!” Sherlock bursts out. “For God’s sake, John! I’m the one who’s supposed to be a high-functioning sociopath, not you! Where on earth is this coming from? Your ‘best approximation of loving me’ – what the hell is that supposed to mean?”
Mycroft shrugs minutely, defensively. “Probably not. I was, as I said the other day, trying to be kind.” He meets her eyes. “You were hardly in a condition to handle the truth, back when it all happened,” he says, a bit delicately.
“Oh, yes, of course,” Mrs Hudson says, brushing this off. “I got her settled in no time. I wasn’t sure what to do at bedtime, so I put her in bed with me, so I could keep an eye. Didn’t want her all the way upstairs all on her own. I stayed up as long as I could, but then I just decided to go to bed.”
Molly smiles at him. “That sounds wonderful,” she says. There’s no wistfulness there, and Sherlock is relieved by its absence.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, then comes over to inspect Saffron Alloway in that same, methodical way of his. I watch him, inches away from him, watch the firm/delicate set of his expressive mouth and am suddenly overwhelmed with a desire to kiss it. For fuck’s sake. In the middle of a murder scene, no less! Sherlock appears to be unaware of my swallowing and throat clearing, bending to sniff at the cereal, the half-empty coffee cup. Then he straightens up and makes one of his extraordinary pronouncements. “They weren’t killed in the same way.”
Sherlock shakes his head, putting his hands on John’s shoulders. “Was I any different, hiding from it in other ways, making myself unreachable and shutting you out? We’ve both had a hand in this, John. I’ve long thought that I had far more to apologise for than you ever have.”
Sherlock finds the schedule and consults it. “There’s a ‘meet-and-greet’ in the front lobby at half past eleven, then lunch at noon, followed by our first circle meeting.” Peripherally he can see that John is stripping off his shirt, so he studiously keeps his eyes on the paper in his hand.
Their eyes meet. “Sherlock – what about – ” John asks urgently, keeping his voice down and nodding toward the kitchen.
“Thanks,” John says. “Is there an outlet over here somewhere?” He cranes around, searching behind the night table on his side.
This makes John laugh. “Neither do I,” he admits. He kisses Sherlock with conviction, several times, then says, “Let me get you a flannel. I came all over you.”
John glances at it. “Seems fine to me. By ‘set up’, I gather you mean that you’re just sticking it there and plugging it in.”
“No, I want you to,” Sherlock interrupts, stating it clearly this time. “I want to try it. Carpe diem, right?”
He doesn’t know what time it is when he wakes, but the moon is high and shining in through the window as Sherlock’s nightmare shakes the bed. He turns automatically and shifts over, putting his arm around Sherlock the way he wanted to earlier and holding him, murmuring quiet words meant to still the inner terror, not even sure whether or not Sherlock is awake. Either way, it works: the violent tremors wracking Sherlock’s frame dissipate and his body sags into John’s chest. John leaves his arm exactly where it is and drifts back into sleep.
This time it’s particularly interesting. I watch him as he pulls out the drawer of the nightstand on the left side of the bed. Sherlock glances inside, closes the drawer, and drops to his knees to peer under the bed. Evidently that tells him little; he gets up and goes to the other side and opens the corresponding drawer on the man’s side of the bed. He glances inside, goes to shut the drawer, then changes his mind and opens it again, an odd look on his face. With his gloves on, he reaches inside and picks up a tube of what I immediately recognise as lube, though not the specific brand. I rather hope Sherlock won’t need me to explain what it is, or what it’s used for, though that could also be rather hilarious, particularly if Lestrade is about. He’s not, though; he’s downstairs in the drawing room with the forensics team.
John could say something terse about Sherlock keeping things from him again, but right now he’d rather just accept this one at face value, he thinks. “Right. Okay,” he gets out, trying to make himself breathe normally.
We get home and get ourselves out of the taxi and up the stairs into the flat. Sherlock undresses me from my jacket on down right there in the sitting room and I just stand there and let him, giggling feebly. “And here I thought you wanted to go to sleep with me,” I say, trying for innocence even as my hands yank his coat off and drop it on the floor.
“Mr Holmes, if you’re ready, we’re ready for you,” one of the tailors says, so John kisses him quickly and lets him go.
“Sherlock,” Andrew says, glancing at them. “Absolutely. It’s all in the demeanour. The coat. The swagger. And he leads, when they work together.”
John’s eyes skate down over it almost nervously. He swallows. “Er – I just wanted to see if you were up yet. I take it you just showered. That’s all I wanted to find out.”
They lie there in a tangled, sweaty, panting heap, surrounded by the scents and mess of sex, and Sherlock thinks that he has never felt so fulfilled in his life. “Holy shit,” he mumbles weakly, and still on top of him, John laughs. “What?” Sherlock asks.
John finds himself oddly nervous about saying this out loud. “I’ve actually… it’s not the first time I’ve thought about it,” he says, clearing his throat. “And the other night, after the hot tub, when you had me backed up against the door, there – er, yeah. That definitely confirmed that I’d be… interested in trying this, if it’s something you think you might like?”
“Is this all right, then?” Chris murmured. When Sherlock hesitated and didn’t respond, he opened his eyes and looked into Sherlock’s. “Nothing has to happen,” he’d reassured him. “You don’t have to stay at all. I just thought – ”
That afternoon, they suffer through something John privately terms a sermon, though it’s presented as a pseudo-scientific exhibit on what happens in the human brain to convince a person he’s gay, and even more pseudo-psychology on how to fix it. His face muscles almost hurt from the sheer effort of keeping from scowling by the end of it and it’s a relief when they’re released into the foyer of the hotel to drink some weak coffee that’s been sitting there for far too long. For all that the hotel looks posh enough, their food and drinks game needs stepping up, John thinks critically.
John moves closer to him and takes his hand, threading their fingers together, and Sherlock looks at him and smiles. John smiles back, and they hold each other’s gaze for a moment, just confirming that everyone is completely perfect in their own universe of two. Molly and David are standing together, each with a hand on Rosie’s buggy. They only just met the other day, but seem to have taken an instant liking to one another, he and John noted. That would be nice – for Molly and for Rosie, Sherlock thinks. For all that she’d done wrong, Molly could do with some happiness, and with a nice, normal sort of man like David. Rosie could use the stability, of which there has been very little in her short life thus far.
He’s sitting – make that sprawling – on the sofa, his hair unkempt. The telly is on and he doesn’t take his eyes from it when he hears her return, though his head turns a little in her direction. “You got her to stop crying. Good. That’s good,” he says vaguely.
“Sure,” I say recklessly. “Why not? And – yeah, I’ll talk to Sherlock about the adoption thing. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind, and then it will be official, like you said.”
John doesn’t answer, so Sherlock turns around just in time to catch a glimpse of a deeply-pained look on John’s face. It disappears instantly. “Oh, I don’t mind,” John tells him. “Three or four? How many did you cook?”
Sherlock smiles a little. “You already have,” he says. He could say a lot more about John’s inclination to self-abuse, but decides not to. Some aspects of healing take longer than others, and he’s well aware that Ella would tell him that he hasn’t finished his own work when it comes to himself, either. All in good time. “These berries are perfect, by the way.”
“I suppose we shouldn’t admit to having seen them,” he says. “Though I only got a glimpse of the ones on his computer.”
“Yeah, well, what can you do,” John says, which doesn’t really tell him anything. He turns onto his side, away from Sherlock, and switches off the lamp he just turned on. “I’m going to sleep. Did you put the card out on the door?”
“Definitely.” John hesitates. “What I said before – yeah. I’m – I’m really glad to be back, you know. I missed it before. Missed – you. This. Living with you.”
“I have him now,” Mycroft says, and she doesn’t know what he means until she hears him say, away from the receiver, “Camera 1421, lower right quadrant. Have the nearest car pick him up.”
A goofy smile takes over my face, but that’s fine. I don’t care. “Hello,” I say in return and reach over to smooth his messy curls back from his forehead and press my mouth to his in a long kiss. Sherlock’s hand trails up my arm and his hand cups the side of my face and back of my head, sealing our mouths all the more firmly together. He’s the first to let his lips part, deepening the kiss, so I go with it and wrap my arm around his back, pulling him in even closer. I feel like I’m drowning in it, in him, in my love for him, and it’s fucking phenomenal. It’s like Christmas, only better than any Christmas I’ve ever experienced. I think of spending an actual Christmas with him, no murders or anything, just him and me, and
“Was that Eurus all along, then? Was it some sort of thing all three of them used? Eurus, Moriarty, Mary. They all said it at some point or another. And those DVDs Mary sent us. How did she send them, when she was already dead?”
No: the illusions have broken. Mary only kept her around to use her, amuse herself, perhaps, but also to orchestrate things, maybe to make John jealous, for her babysitting, for her video equipment. For her loyalty to keep quiet about Rosie’s true father, about – all of it.
This stops the oxygen in Sherlock’s lungs, getting stuck there like clouds tangled in the branches of a tree. For a moment he cannot speak. “I’m entirely serious,” he says, his chest feeling tight. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock turns around and frowns at the lift. “Can guests use this lift? Or is it for employees only?”
“Code: you’re going to lock yourselves in your room and have sex all day,” Thom says dryly, and John smirks and doesn’t deny it.
“It’s ridiculous,” Sherlock says flatly, his mouth close to John’s scalp. “It’s just subconscious cranial activity. I don’t know why I should – but I’m – reluctant to go back to sleep.”
Sherlock agrees and bends to retrieve a pot, then adds a precise amount of water and sets it on the range to heat. “What do you want me to chop?”
They don’t talk until they’re seated, Sherlock strategically choosing a row two-thirds of the way back, behind several amply-proportioned people. “I saw Joe Biggs at breakfast,” he says, his eyes trained on his schedule.
Mrs Hudson returns his gaze and shrugs. “How often you have Rosie here.” She looks round the table at everyone else. “I mean, that’s really the only question, isn’t it?”
Sherlock wants to respond, but John is kissing him again. Which is just fine. “Me neither,” he manages a few moments later, his heart thudding in his chest.
, he hates living out here in the sticks! At least this time the crime scene isn’t out in Uxbridge like their last one, as far as possible from Dagenham. This one’s just in Stoke Newington, which is still going to take awhile. Thirty minutes was an underestimate, just to keep Sherlock’s impatience at bay.
“Hmm.” Sherlock falls silent, turning his attention back to dinner. After a little, he looks up and tries another tack. “Kendall Alloway’s prostate stimulator,” he says.
Sherlock makes a sound that could be taken as either affirmation or negation. “I realise that the rest of this is evidently not equal in worth to my vaunted virginity, as it seems to be the only offering of myself which you would consider adequate, or perhaps it simply fails to balance the depth of my failings with regard to you sufficiently to matter, but – ”
“Certainly.” Sherlock falls into step beside him, noticing that their footfalls are exactly parallel, despite the difference in the length of their respective legs. He wonders if John has noticed, too, and somehow feels sure that he has. He needs to say something to break the silence that’s fallen between them, audible in spite of the wind. Silences have become dreadful of late, something to be avoided at all cost. He clears his throat. “This isn’t so bad,” he says, after two hundred metres have gone by, their footsteps crunching on the pebbles.
Todd agrees again, and goes on prodding. Sherlock begins to tune them out again, at least until they start sharing graphic details. Then it becomes an issue of listening with as neutral a face on as possible.
Now it’s been four days and Molly is there at the flat. John isn’t there. He just asked her to come and stay with Rosie, and she’s got no idea where he’s gone. She’s been waiting for Sherlock to come as Mary said he would, and that night, he does. He rings the bell at the garden door and she comes to answer it with Rosie in her arms, hoping to get him to see her as the potential mother of his future children, hoping to leave that image in his mind.
When they finally part ages later, his eyes are definitely wet and he blinks through it sheepishly at Sherlock. “Sorry,” he says again. “It’s just – God, it’s been hard, lately.”
“I’m sorry,” she says. “I know the little ones need to be changed, but there wasn’t anything to change them into. The baby, her clothes were full of poop so I had to throw away her pyjamas…”
John smiles, a little self-consciously. “You liked it?” he asks, almost shyly. “I’ve never done that before. Not with – but you know that already.”
grounds for your child to think that this might be an acceptable way to think, feel, or talk. Don’t even get me started on the perversion of ‘gender identity’. That topic is so foul and dirty that I will not even allow it to sully my mouth, and nor should any of you. Consider it a forbidden topic in your houses. You make it clear to your children who they need to be, and you lead by your own example.”
He twists himself around in Sherlock’s arms. “Bit of a mixed message, I’d agree,” he says, and Sherlock kisses him. It goes on for ages, Sherlock leaning him up against the worktop, neither of them at all shy about this now, even in the calmer aftermath, and John feels entirely reassured. Sherlock really does want this. Him. It’s incredible, he thinks. He could do this all day. And maybe, he thinks, ignoring the kettle as it begins to whistle, maybe he just will.
John gives a snort that proves that he shares Sherlock’s opinion of most police and their abilities, which Sherlock finds rather pleasing. “A station, then?”
Smirnov is far less forthcoming, spitting on the floor in front of Sherlock as he enters the room, still supporting John, and Sherlock stops out of range in distaste. He finds himself filled with rage at the sight of this man who so very casually ordered that John’s life be snuffed out, like a worthless sidekick or utterly unimportant bit of insignificance, and suddenly knows that this was why he wanted to come – to show Smirnov that despite him, John lived, that he failed to accomplish this snuffing.
Sherlock looks almost startled by the question. “I don’t know,” he says. “I don’t usually… use that as a metric. I don’t – ”
“It’s just… there are times when I feel like it will never really be okay,” Jeremy is saying. “Like, that no matter what he says, it’s not really something you can forgive.”
Sherlock doesn’t rise to the bait, however. He’s standing at the table, looking down at it, one hand still on the handle of the teapot. “Would you like a cup of tea, John?” he asks quietly.
“Oh, beautiful, beautiful,” Todd praises, meaning them. “Don’t move! Look at this, everyone: this is what’s considered almost the ‘perfect’ embrace. One arm above and one below puts their hearts directly against each other’s. It’s such an intimate position, and then with their heads leaning together this way, they’re connected in multiple places for a really fantastic bond. The cherry on the sundae here is Sherlock’s hand on the back of John’s neck. That’s lovely, both sensual and gentle. Bravo, gentlemen.” He moves away. “Andrew and Avi, that’s really nice, too. Look here, folks.” Sherlock and John turn to look, and Todd explains. “Andrew is a little taller than Avi, so he’s got both of his arms around Avi’s shoulders, while Avi’s are around his back. With Avi’s head on Andrew’s shoulder and his face turned toward Andrew’s neck, that’s also quite sensual, giving Avi access to kiss Andrew there. As well, Andrew can put his head down on Avi’s if he wants to, for maximum contact. Great!”
John looks at him, thinking that he should nip this in the bud before the façade fails. As cavalier as Sherlock can seem on the surface when it comes to murder, John knows by now that he actually loathes it and hates when people joke about it. “We’re late,” he reminds Sherlock. “Let’s go.”
Sherlock still has his left arm around John’s shoulders. He tightens it and leans in to kiss John on the temple again. “Yes,” he says, his lips on John’s skin. “Problem?”
now. He can’t stop marvelling at it, prodding at every part of it and examining it for weaknesses and not finding any. Not so far, at least.
Belatedly, John wonders if he came over with the intent at some sort of romantic contact but gave up when John didn’t initiate it. Perhaps he’s not sure whether it would be welcome, considering the circumstances. He feels a bit badly. He zips up Rosie’s onesie, and she’s definitely fussing now, resisting being dressed again. “Come on, you,” he says to her. “Let’s go and find you something to eat. A squeeze pack of apricots or something, you’ll like that. And after, maybe something with a bit more substance, yeah?” He picks her up and carries her downstairs, depositing her into the high chair and then going to the fridge for the promised apricots and a bottle of formula. Sherlock is in the sitting room, talking into his phone. John delivers Rosie the goods and goes over to Sherlock just as he ends the call.
John nods. “Yeah. I guess we’re just going to have to wing it,” he replies. “We’ll be as honest as possible, but – I guess we’ll have to cross each bridge when we come to it, in terms of what to do when they ask us something unexpected.”
Sherlock doesn’t come back to the bedroom that night. John wakes sometime after nine, the sunlight in his eyes, and hears voices in the kitchen. Slightly disoriented, he sits up on the left side of Sherlock’s bed and listens. It’s Mrs Hudson, talking to Sherlock, her voice going up in pitch sometimes: talking to or about Rosie, then. He feels immensely awkward: if she’s been up to his room to get Rosie, she’ll know he wasn’t in there, obviously, and yet Sherlock is up and about while John is asleep in Sherlock’s bedroom. He grimaces. Will Mrs Hudson have asked Sherlock about it? If so, what on earth might he have told her? It doesn’t bear thinking about. He gets up and pads barefoot into the loo to brush his teeth and splash a bit of water onto his face. He’ll shower and shave later; first he wants to get a lay of the land. Grasp the nettle and see exactly how weird things are.
“Of course,” Todd says, without judgement. “It’s entirely your choice, of course. Let’s speak in general terms, then: are things working well between the two of you in this area of your relationship?”
The kettle is boiling. Sherlock looks toward the kitchen. “I can – ” he begins, but John cuts him off.
He makes a sleepy sound of agreement and cocoons himself around me all the more, though his body is relaxed and heavy against mine. I pull him close and fall back into sleep, into him.
John does look up now, his expression rather wary. “You don’t need to get me anything,” he says, sounding awkward. “It’s been a shit year. And as you said, going round to the shops isn’t exactly a great idea at the moment. You could probably get your parents a gift card for a nice restaurant in the village or something. Ditto for Mrs Hudson, probably. For once restaurants are open again. I don’t know.”
“A lot was happening at the time, though,” John says. This, at least, he knows. “You probably had so many things to be thinking about and processing that this just got shoved to the back and was never really dealt with. You probably had so much of that stuff, over the two years that you were doing all this. And then you were back in London. I was being a right prick to you and you had the parliament bombing to think about, and after that – I’m just spit-balling here, but – I’m guessing you probably just wanted to settle into your old life as quickly as possible, so maybe you just pushed it aside and the rest of that stuff never got properly processed. And now, maybe, life is just sort of forcing it up to the surface because of that attack today. That’s how trauma works: you squash it down, but then it can just pop up again when you least want it to.”
John thinks of the pho place they stuffed themselves at last night and can’t quite picture the likes of Corey Graham in there. It’s not a dive by any stretch – it’s a perfectly nice little restaurant. Still, though. “Bit rich for my palate, anyway,” he says easily. He shifts, setting the paper down on the side table. “And after? Feeling good about that?”
“Good questions,” Sherlock says. He pauses, then nods toward the body. “Look at her face, John. Bruising, do you think? Older ones, I mean. Not from today or yesterday. The yellowing around the right eye and above the left eyebrow.”
“No, not particularly,” John says. He folds up the paper and reaches for his novel instead. “Anything for us on the blog?”
“Except the other night,” John says, a touch ruefully. “I tried to make up for it in the morning, though.”
“I trust you could give it to me if I did,” Vee says, but Sherlock’s smile only grows and he doesn’t deny it.
” He hears Sherlock’s voice in his earpiece, shocked and agonised, but it’s too late to do anything other than finish this, or else everyone around them will be finished, too. He’s almost there at the bin when he hears another voice speak over the earpiece.
This is reassuring. John takes a deep breath and lets it out. “Okay,” he says, and slides his fingers into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, his middle finger leading the way. When he touches Sherlock’s hole, Sherlock gasps as though he’s been shocked, his cock jerking hard and John almost thinks he might be about to come, but he doesn’t. Instead, Sherlock pants against his ear now, hips pushing forward. Emboldened, John rubs around the tight ring of Sherlock’s entrance, exploring, and Sherlock’s entire frame quivers like a livewire, hyper-responsive, his cock leaking fiercely onto John’s skin. John rubs and rubs, wrapping his calf around Sherlock’s to give him even more contact, rocking up against him at the same time. Sherlock’s gone nonverbal, moaning and panting, on the other side of his own control, and John loves it, loves seeing him so wantonly wanting it, wanting what he’s doing. It’s like a drug, getting Sherlock off like this. He slips his middle finger all the way inside Sherlock, down to the knuckle, and Sherlock gives a shout and comes like a firehose, the orgasm gripping his body for what must be nearly twenty seconds, not even thrusting, just rigid as his release jets hotly out onto John’s body, and it’s so intensely arousing that John is half-hard again by the time it’s done.
,” he says, a bit too forcefully, and John has to choke back his urge to laugh. “Then we can all walk together.”
Sherlock smiles then. “All right,” he says, accepting it. He looks down between them. “Is this much mess – customary?”
John glances up at him, his heart clenching at the uncertainty framing Sherlock’s mouth, and silently loves him more than ever. “Me too,” he says, the words catching in his throat. “We’ll – learn it together. Honestly, I can’t wait.”
“The second seems more likely, doesn’t it?” Lestrade speculates. “Abusive marriage, plus she can’t have been happy with herself for turning it on their kid. One day she snaps, kills him, then kills herself?”
This incurs another sound in John’s throat, low and interested. When the kiss breaks off, his eyes flick up into Sherlock’s. “I’ll admit that I did have hopes for a post-breakfast-in-bed shag,” he murmurs, grinning.
with him? The idea is mind-boggling. John has said, repeatedly, that he isn’t gay. He married a woman, though he hates to be reminded of Mary now. He dated woman after woman before that, and no men, to Sherlock’s knowledge. It can’t be flirtation. Is John trying to establish dominance, then? If so, if he needs that, then Sherlock can shrug and allow himself to be propelled anywhere John wants him to go. (Besides, he knows very well that he would let John establish dominance in a number of unmentionable situations as well. That’s never been an issue.) He looks at John as surreptitiously as possible as they walk. John’s expression is one of determination and mild humour.
“Don’t be,” John says firmly. “It’s my fault that it went the way it did. You were right all along: we needed –
Sherlock anticipates him and puts his mouth entirely around John’s head, sucking, and John nearly dies on the spot. Even better, it occurs to Sherlock to add his tongue here, too, the wet velvet of it also rubbing against him and John’s fingers curl into fists in Sherlock’s sheets. He’s possibly harder than he’s ever been in his life, already leaking into Sherlock’s mouth. He can feel Sherlock swallowing, then he lifts off and licks at the shaft of John’s erection, then wraps his fingers around it and goes back to sucking at the head.
Mycroft sighs and looks down at his file. “The substance known as TD-12 was given to several intelligence agencies to test and… use at their own discretion. Because of its controversial nature, it became impossible for our government to carry out its own tests before its very existence had become too controversial to pursue such things. However, it was one of Culverton Smith’s own corporations which developed and produced it. No doubt he had his own supply. Perhaps he wanted people with Mary’s particular skill set to be on hand in the case that a subject refused to take it, or upon whom it didn’t work. I don’t think he need to have worried about that; from what little
irritated, that is – with him. He’s about to open his mouth to clarify, but before he can, Greg shoots a knowing grin at them – at Sherlock in particular, John notices.
“It’s America.” Sherlock shrugs. “Britain’s not all that different. You know very well that my brother is lurking behind every CCTV camera there is.” He stops at the intersection of Forty-third and Seventh, and nods toward the north. “This way.”
“I’ll send them to Mycroft,” Sherlock decides. “He’s got access to other databases than the local police do.”
Sherlock waits patiently as the tailors fuss and check seams and lengths and converse with each other. He is far more aware of John’s eyes on him when he emerges from his dressing room again, his eyes full of some unidentifiable emotion, bracketed almost in pain. When Sherlock meets his gaze, however, John smiles and swallows visibly. After, once Sherlock has changed and they’ve been dismissed, Sherlock turns to him on their way out of the shop. “You all right?” he asks, keeping his voice down.
John’s tears spill over and he makes no effort to wipe them away. “We’ll never know now,” he says, his voice rough. “She was brilliant and beautiful and now we’ll never get to see how she would have turned out. I wanted to see that, too, despite – God, Sherlock, I – ”
John clears his throat, wonders if he should address it, but decides not to. What’s the point? He’s always late these days. “So, it’s a murder, you said,” he says, attempting to gloss over his awkwardly late arrival on the scene.
“It never should have been you,” I say firmly. “I promise you this: I will never hurt you again. Not like that. Not intentionally.”
John looks up over his book, his eyes focusing on Sherlock, a line appearing between them. “Yes?” He’s not quite frowning, but almost.
“That’s fine, I’ve got plenty at the flat,” John tells him. “Besides, I’ll be back in a few hours, anyway.”
Margaret gives his shoulder a pat now. “Do that,” she says. “Trust your instincts. I know it isn’t easy when you’re used to relying on reason and rationale, but learn to listen to that inner voice. I think it will serve you well, if you’re considering things from John’s perspective and acting out of love. Thanks for the update. I didn’t mean to take you out of your party.”
John glances at him, then goes for the milk. “It wasn’t, exactly. I was more thinking about me. I really let you down, there. After Mary.” It’s easier to say it with his back to Sherlock. He takes the milk he just bought out of the fridge and turns around to meet Sherlock’s eyes squarely. Sherlock is watching him, an air of wary alertness about him.
Sherlock stops behind him on his way out of the kitchen and puts his hands on John’s waist, bending to kiss the side of his neck. “Okay.” He lets himself breathe in the scent of John’s skin for a moment, John leaning into him, then detaches himself and goes to the bedroom to choose a shirt.
Mrs Hudson appears just as Sherlock is scooping bacon onto a side plate, presenting them with two crisply-puffed, golden German pancakes in cast iron pans with enough pride to inflate a hot air balloon. John’s already set out plates and he hastens to effect the transfer so that she can take the hot pans back down before they start scorching her hands through the thick oven mitts. She likes to keep them in for as long as possible or else they start to deflate, she’s explained. The timing of this works out perfectly to prevent her from lingering to ask awkward questions about why John was sleeping in Sherlock’s bed this morning and the night before, too, and John is profoundly grateful for the fact. “You two enjoy, now,” Mrs Hudson coos, already making for the stairs.
“John – I – ” He’s clambering onto John in sheer need, the hardness of his cock pushing against John’s, and John echoes his moan and digs his fingers into Sherlock’s phenomenal arse, rutting up against him. They kiss hard, mouths bruising each other’s, and it feels so good – a tidal wave of pleasure is surging within John, and it could happen pretty quickly from here, if he let it…
Sherlock thinks this over for a moment or two as John silently grimaces to himself. “It’s – fine,” he says briefly. There’s a pause that feels awkward. “Good night,” Sherlock says, sounding as awkward as the pause felt.
John is crying when she goes back to collect the bin, exchanging it for a glass of water which he accepts mutely. “I’ll just put this outside,” Ella says tactfully. “Unless you think – ?” He shakes his head, though, so she puts the bin outside the door and catches Shelley’s eye, who understands and comes over to get it. Ella shuts the door again and surveys her client. John has drawn his legs up, feet on the edge of his chair, arms around his knees, crying and shuddering. “Have you ever acknowledged this before now – just to yourself, I mean?”
The lady looks instantly troubled. “Yes, I did, though not well,” she says, and John instantly notices her use of the past tense. “She – ”
“Right. ‘Magic’,” John repeats, rolling his eyes. He crosses to the table where Sherlock is standing and eyes the fancy coffee maker with interest. He selects a disposable cup (which proudly announces itself to be biodegradable) of a Colombian dark roast and puts it in the machine to brew.
Sherlock doesn’t move to touch him, return the gesture, but suddenly every particle of air between them feels supercharged. “If you had changed your mind about this… I would have understood,” he says, his voice coming out a bit husky. “I wouldn’t have given you a hard time. There’s nothing I wouldn’t do for you, you know. Even that.”
Sherlock doesn’t acknowledge this. Instead, he moves slowly toward the man, so I go to the opposite side of the table, near the woman. He carefully lifts the man’s face, tilting it upward for me to see. “John?”
Sherlock shrugs. “I suppose so. Is this him?” He turns his phone screen toward John, showing a handsome, muscular, blond man in his mid-thirties, decked out in his signature blue-suited superhero costume.
The tears return in full force then, and I can admit to feeling like a bit of a cad as I drag the sobbing man over to the Alloways’ house. Love is a vicious motivator, Sherlock often says. He’s never wrong: this harmless-seeming man just murdered his lover and his lover’s wife over it.
By two in the afternoon we’re waiting outside the suspect’s office with a warrant and tackle him when he emerges to refill his coffee. Sherlock explains it all in bits and pieces as he gets the confession out of the thief, followed by the location of the stolen painting. Long story: it had something to do with recognising the lake in the artist’s painting, which had been misidentified by scholars as a place in the Lake District but was, in fact, Lake Galichskoye in central Russia. The thief and the artist had once seemingly shared – as Sherlock delicately put it, an intimate moment there, and the brief affair came to a bitter end for the thief.
That was how it had started. She didn’t see, then. There were some things that it might have been better to notice, only she hadn’t. She’d agreed with Mary, sided with her. John was terrible. Not speaking to her for all that time, and while she was pregnant, too! And yet, much later, some things became clearer. Much clearer. But by then it was too late.
“There’s more, I’m afraid. If you’ll turn back to 2013 and 2014, you’ll see a few other entries, large payments in even sums.” Mycroft waits.
Sherlock leans over the table as far as he can. “John Watson, you are the love of my life and the reason I live. Will you marry me?”
“It’s so beautiful,” he says, his voice catching. “You are so thoughtful, Sherlock. It’s almost too pretty to eat.”
Steven treats them both to a slightly patronising smile. “You’ve only just arrived, I know. We’ll be going over the expectations and guidelines at the orientation session. I’m also aware that you’re from another country and things might be done a little differently over there, so let me just take a moment to catch you up, since most of our other attendees will already be up to speed. Our expectation here is that we lead by example. We expect absolutely no fraternisation between unmarried or married men in a one-on-one setting. Spend time with your conference-mates in groups, at the sessions and workshops, during meals. We fully encourage married couples to befriend and spend time with other married couples. You’ll also have the opportunity to mingle with the other single folk here, and if a connection happens, we’ll be the first ones to cheer you on and wish you God’s richest blessing. But two men alone in one another’s suites is strictly forbidden. I hope I’ve made myself clear.” Before either one of them can answer, Steven favours them with a very white-toothed smile. “I know you’re new here,” he says, his tone heavy on the condescension. “Things are probably pretty different over in Europe. I’m not much of a traveller outside the US, but I’ve heard a thing or two. This is going to be an excellent opportunity for all of our guests to learn about strengthening our own understanding of what it means to be a man, what marriage was always intended to be, and how to live that out. You’ll find this a very supportive place – and part of that means keeping each other accountable. There will be nightly room checks, too. Consider it part of a coaching program, if you will. The guidelines are all there in your welcome packages. You should have time to look them over before the orientation.” He looks at Sherlock and nods toward the door. “Mr Holmes, I’ll walk you back to your suite.”
Warmth flares through Sherlock’s frame at this. “I want to kiss you again,” he says, and it’s not enough; it doesn’t answer what John said at all, but it’s nonetheless true. “Would that – is that – ”
John is there with him, pulling him out of it, pulling him back into perspective and the urgency of the moment, his hand warm against Sherlock’s as he pulls him literally back onto his feet. Their eyes meet and hold and he sees that John understands completely, what he’s just done to Molly, but the equally solid understanding that they need to move together as a unit flows between them. Mycroft needs them; he is too weak to manage this on his own, and if they have any hope of surviving this, they must stay strong together.
“This,” John says briefly, shifting down Sherlock’s body to take his cock in hand, and very shortly after that, his mouth. Sherlock gasps and writhes above him as he sucks and sucks, not trying to draw it out or prolong the torture. Sherlock is already so hard that at this point, he must just want to come pretty badly, so John is determined to bring that about. Although maybe he could also swing a bit of the other thing, too. Without breaking his rhythm at all, he finds the lube and gets some onto his fingers, all the while swallowing down the salty traces of what’s leaking into his mouth. He rubs his slickened fingers over the soft hair and skin of Sherlock’s balls, already feeling dozens of times freer than he did the first time they did this, then rearranges Sherlock’s legs so that they’re over his shoulders and slides his finger into Sherlock’s body. His other hand is jerking over Sherlock’s length, his lips and tongue working hard over his head and leaking slit, and Sherlock comes less than twenty seconds later, his entire body spasming and then flooding John’s mouth with his release. John swallows, swallows again, his finger buried to the hand inside Sherlock, his tongue running around the head of his cock. He
He calls from the flat, though. “You’d better see this,” he says. “I’ve got Rosie here – can you come over?”
Sherlock’s hands come up to grip his arms just above the elbow, not returning the embrace in any way, just preventing John from letting go in what feels like an instinctive, almost panicked gesture. “I’m – I don’t want to sleep.”
John looks at Sherlock now, who mutely cedes right of speech to him again, so John looks down at his hands, flexing his fingers, and says, “I guess I’m the one who said how I feel first. It wasn’t – er, particularly romantic. I was a hopeless mess at the time. It seemed like all hope was lost anyway, so there didn’t seem to be much point in keeping it a secret any longer, I guess, so I just – said it. And then Sherlock said he felt the same way, and somehow after that, it just sort of happened.”
John nods up at him. “It’s good,” he confirms, his own voice coming out rather breathless. “How’s this? Do you like – this?” He wanted to say
“Figures you two would be the first to get married of us all, despite having been the last to actually become a couple,” Thom sniffs. “I’d be offended that you beat us to it, but I just can’t find a single shred of nastiness in my heart. I did try. You two are just so perfect and so disgustingly happy that I can’t make myself feel anything but happy for you.”
“Yes we are,” John counters immediately, aware that it’s too fast, too defensive. “We’re here to plan our wedding. We just haven’t found a venue we like yet.”
John’s eyes flick to Sherlock almost guiltily, as though looking at something that he deeply yearns to have but doesn’t think that he can. “All evidence to the contrary.”
“Of what, specifically?” Ella asks. An uncomfortable silence falls and neither of them answers this. Curious. She taps her pen against the blank page of her notebook. “I see we’re coming to the meat of it, then,” she remarks mildly. “Are you open to discussing this? I rather think that we should, but if you have objections, then I won’t proceed.” She studies them both, but neither one objects. She gives them a moment longer, then says, “All right, then: let me ask another question. How far into the physical aspect of your relationship have you progressed at this point?” Their discomfort increases noticeably. Interesting. She tries a lighter, safer question. “Have you kissed, for instance?”
Sherlock hesitates for a moment, then follows him. He’s never certain how he’s expected to behave around Rosie, how much he’s expected to help or tend or any of that. He wants to support John, yet also doesn’t want to presume. Nor, as Mrs Hudson would definitely remind him, are children precisely his area of expertise. He hangs back, hovering in the shadows behind John, and watches as Harry patiently lets Rosie do the stairs herself, taking them one at a time, holding her hand.
When he wakes, it’s still the middle of the night, and Sherlock is sound asleep. The problem is that John’s cock isn’t: he’s harder than anything and nearly moans as he wakes and immediately realises just how hard he is. It’s unbearable. Sherlock’s arm is draped heavily around him and all he wants is for him to wake up, reach down, and jerk him off. He swallows the load of saliva that’s gathered in his mouth and gets out of bed as quietly as he can. This is untenable; he’s got to take care of this before Sherlock realises the state he’s in, and going back to sleep when he’s
Sherlock smiles at him. “We all make mistakes,” he says diplomatically. “The point is that you see her clearly now.”
His heart sinks. He didn’t get anything sure fixed, then. What’s Harry doing today? He struggles to remember, frowning, then at last it comes to him. She’s got a work thing out of the city. Can’t Liz take her, then, he wonders. He hesitates for a moment, knowing that they already think he’s a deadbeat father, but he can hardly take Rosie to Baker Street while they’re still working. Although maybe Mrs Hudson could take her if Liz can’t. He presses down on the button for Liz’s name.
Left on their own at last, they clear away the remains of the meal, putting the kitchen into order again. Sherlock stoops to put something in the bin under the sink, and John looks at him, his eyes lingering. Sherlock feels it and straightens up, turning around. “What?” he asks, that same thread of self-consciousness betraying him.
“I’ll be here,” John says, and she hears the counter-reassurance, and silently applauds John for it: Sherlock needs to be told this, too. It’s going to be an interesting hour with the two of them! She finds herself looking forward to it.
“But it’s not,” John says, tilting his head up so that he can see Sherlock properly. “We’re here now. Now that we’ve found it, we’re not going to lose it.”
Sherlock avoids looking at John. “Of course,” he says neutrally. He moves past John, then looks back and says, “I’ll see you at the circle meeting, if not before.”
“Sorry,” John murmurs, putting his hands in Sherlock’s hair and kissing his forehead. “It’s so hard to resist, now that we’re… here. I know we have to focus, though. Case first.”
John feels his throat grow tight. He searches Sherlock’s face for any doubt. “That’s all I want,” he says, the words somehow getting themselves past the tightness. “I just want to be wherever you are, too.”
Lestrade sticks both hands into the pockets of his trench coat. “It’s… well, you’ll see for yourself. The girl’s talking a bit now. Be gentle, yeah?”
Corey shakes his head. “Not really, but I do get it,” he says. He tastes his pie, swallows it, then says, “I was pretty blown away when he told me that he’d never been with anyone before. He seemed so – not confident, exactly, but – like he knew exactly what he was doing, every time. Those first two dates ended kind of abruptly, but after that it was all smooth sailing. You must be an incredible tutor.”
Corey coughs. Anna looks at him, then swiftly intervenes. “I think this would probably be a good moment to remind you both of how very confidential this meeting is,” she warns. “This is… very personal information you’re asking for.”
“You want us to pose as an engaged couple,” John says, just to hear how ridiculous it sounds out loud. His mind unwittingly replays Mary’s voice saying
She bends down to dump out the bucket of compost and works it into the earth. Desmond will scold her (gently) for doing too much, but he’s agitated about the news, himself, and has buried himself in the library at the back of the house. It’s much smaller than the one they had at Musgrave Hall. Later, when they could bear it, they’d gone back and recovered as many of the books as they could, the ones that had survived the fire. As she puts her sturdy shoe to the spade, Vee thinks fiercely that if only there was something she could
There is a long pause – worryingly long. (Does Mycroft not know? Surely he’s been watching, John thinks. Maybe he’s just checking something on one of the thousands of screens his minions monitor.) “I’m afraid I can’t help you,” Mycroft says eventually, sounding very distant. If he’s surprised to discover that John is still alive, he’s hiding it well.
Sherlock eats the last bite of his toast, then pushes his plate away. He picks up the teapot and pours the last of the strong English Breakfast into John’s cup. “I don’t know what to do about this,” he says abruptly.
They exchange a look. “Honestly, we haven’t even looked at the schedule yet,” John tells him. “I don’t know, what are the other options?”
John looks over at the lake where Mrs Hudson and Rosie are still visible and well out of earshot. “Is it getting any better, do you think? I mean, I know the nightmares are still happening, but…”
Sherlock grins. “You do now,” he says archly. “So: take-out menus. Got it. I’m also going to hunt out those tins of baking.”
Sherlock makes a frustrated sound. “No,” he says dispiritedly. “I haven’t heard a word from anyone at the Yard. The parents both seem like normal people, no remarkable jobs, no unusual wealth from what I can see. I haven’t even heard that a ransom has been demanded yet.”
David looks down into his cup. “It feels true,” he says. He risks a squinted look at Sherlock. “I know that’s not very logical, but it feels true on a gut level.”
“They are…” John reached for the door handle of the taxi that had just slid to a stop in front of them and got in, then looked at Sherlock very directly. “You’re sure about this?”
“Quite.” The lift arrives and Sherlock goes into it. “I had a text from my brother, by the way. No success on our suspect or the phone number so far.”
They’re onto dessert now, or will be in a moment. The three men are sitting around the table while Sherlock’s mother, who naturally refused all three of their offers to help, is brewing coffee and arranging dessert. She brings in a chocolate raspberry torte, a childhood favourite of both Sherlock and Mycroft’s. “The coffee will be ready in just a moment,” she says, beaming at John’s admiring noises toward the cake. She nods at Sherlock’s father. “I’ll start cutting. Why don’t you – ”
“It’s fine,” she reassures him, and John tries for a smile. In bathing gear, they’re both even more attractive. Stacey’s wearing a metallic blue bikini, the water on par with her breasts, and with his shirt off, Greg looks like a firefighter. (Jesus.)
“Precisely,” Sherlock says, with satisfaction. “If it’s him, or someone like him, then he may not be working alone, either. Though he would fit the profile of the ‘misunderstood lone white male’ perfectly.”
“So you thought you’d steal her painting,” Sherlock says in disgust. “You do realise that it didn’t belong to her anymore and that you were stealing from the National Gallery instead.”
John agrees. “Getting engaged before having even exchanged blow jobs. Yeah, I do see what you mean.”
know, because you certainly don’t,” Sherlock retorts, stung to his core by John’s accusations. He’s still hurt by this, he realises only now, hurt that John never asked.
John’s mouth twists into a smile. “The same breakfast you made me on my first morning back here. Trying to, at any rate.”
“I really, really do,” John tells him. “I never ever thought to – to be let in this far. I feel like we’re sitting in a castle on top of the world, conquerors of everything. If we can get past our own failings, then there’s nothing that will ever be able to stop us.”
I get up and go over to him, my face practically splitting open. “Bravo,” I tell him, putting my arms around him.
I almost to touch him and tell him that I share it. It’s true: my blood’s up, pounding in my veins. This is far more fun than anything I could have suggested, though sometimes the pretense of normalcy is nice. I keep my hands to myself (obviously) and snerk at his comment about Lestrade. “Household staff, then?” I ask, doing my bit to ask the right question, prompt the avalanche of brilliance, though obviously he hasn’t even seen the crime scene yet.
“Okay,” he says again. His penis is quivering with need as he strokes lubricant onto it, then shifts into the right position. It seems to know exactly where it’s aimed, hardly needing the guiding of his hand. Sherlock fits the head of it to the hot entrance to John’s body. “You’re certain,” he says again, wanting this so much that his mouth is watering, but needing to be sure. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
When it’s time, they knock at the door of Margaret’s office in the back building and she calls to come in.
There’s a pause. “No,” John says firmly. “I don’t think we have. I think we’ve needed to talk about this for a long time now. A really long time. It’s just – difficult.”
. John feels his face flush with genuine outrage. How dare Corey Graham go slagging around with some young starlet like this? How dare he do that to Sherlock? He’s fuming as he goes back inside, closing the door with force behind him. He stops on the landing halfway up the stairs, though, not caring that he’s made off with Mrs Hudson’s
When the worst is over, John attempts to pull himself together. Sherlock has tissues, of course, and they both wipe their eyes and blow their noses. John doesn’t have to tell Sherlock that this is one of the worst days of his life, that he feels like he just handed a part of himself over to strangers, five-hundred-question examination or no, biological relationship or no. Sherlock already knows. Just as he knows that this was John’s idea all along, because it was the right choice. This is the only thing getting John through this at all: it was the right thing to do.
Sherlock feels a foolish smile stretch out over his face. “Every night?” he asks, for once not trying to filter out the sound of the hope in his voice.
Phil agrees, and John notes that Andrea is indeed in her office, the door open. Phil leads the way there, then turns to them, his arms crossed. “Fire away,” he invites. “Have you found anything more?”
Sherlock is quiet for a long time, obviously thinking. His face is shadowed and a bit grieved, John thinks. “It was a lot,” he says after a little. “I suppose that Victor moving away got conflated with Redbeard’s death, somehow. I was very young. And then there was the fire and we moved and I suppose my mind just decided to rebuild from there and sealed off the way back. Made a clean start. It’s disorienting, though. I’ve always prided myself on my mental abilities, my sharp memory, and to find I managed to forget an entire sibling – ” He stops, shaking his head. Bobby comes by to refill their coffee cups and Sherlock waits until he’s gone. He stirs sugar into his coffee, then says, “The rest of it was rather awful, too. The governor, as you said. And I hated doing that to Molly, though she says she understands that it was to save her life. For all we know about Eurus, it still could have been. As for the bit with you and Mycroft – it would have been very hard to shoot him. Despite the fact that he rather deserved it, given what he’d done.”
Todd has been speaking for the past fifteen minutes, introducing his topic of Topping vs. Bottoming and giving some historical background to the terminology and practises involved. He wasn’t exaggerating the workshop’s popularity; there are close to thirty people in the common room. The loveseats have all been pushed back against the walls to make room for three wide semi-circles of chairs. Todd is speaking freely, without podium or notes, giving a talk which he’s clearly given many times before. Sherlock and John are sitting with Andrew and Avi in the second row on the left side of the room.
Jodie laughs. “So it would seem. Pity it’s not more obvious with women… my Dan has to ask every single time, the idiot.” She sounds fond, though. “Well, maybe you should think it over, see if you can think of anything that might have made him think that it was a bad idea. It seems pretty clear that he’s avoiding you. Have you solved your case, by the way?”
Lines appear between Sherlock’s eyes, but he doesn’t drop his gaze. “Frustrated,” he says, his voice coming out measured, but there’s tension beneath it. “It’s – a very different slant on the person I know. I suppose that we’ve had our issues, but I just don’t see any of them presenting as large a problem as John seems to think. Or at least, I didn’t until… more recently.”
of opportunities to hone his skills. He can’t possibly compete in any category – his looks, his money, his fame, his ability to actually capture Sherlock’s attention and attraction, a seemingly super-human feat – but he’s going to at least try to hold his own here. He moves his hand from Sherlock’s neck down to his chest, grasping at his pec, and Sherlock inhales sharply. “Yes – like that,” he says tightly, his voice breathy. “I mean – that’s what he was – ” He exhales and reaches to stroke John’s chest similarly.
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock says with annoyance. He gets to his feet and leans into the window, waving largely. “Satisfied?”
John looks up. Sherlock hasn’t said anything about any of the cases he’s clearly just been looking at, and for a moment he debates whether or not he should say something about this. Maybe not. Not yet, at least. He knows why Sherlock isn’t taking cases: obviously he thinks it’s too soon, that John still needs some space to get himself sorted before being thrown back into potentially traumatic or triggering crime investigations. He decides against asking, though the feeling of ignoring it doesn’t feel great, either. “I could eat,” he says, striving for a casual tone. “Did you have something specific in mind?”
Sherlock glances at Lestrade. “Yes,” he says. “A double homicide, it seems. Would you like to see the bodies?”
Fury is roaring to life like a furnace within Sherlock’s chest and for a moment he can’t breathe. So Mycroft was behind this! Somehow, this all comes back to him. He forces the fury down, lest it come snarling out his mouth. “I see,” he says tightly. He hands Rosie back, resolutely ignoring the tug of affection for the child as he does so. “If you could let me know as soon as you hear anything – anything at all, from John, or my brother – I would be grateful.” His tone is stiff, but he finds himself incapable of continuing the conversation.
He wakes before Sherlock does, some hours later. The entire bed is shaking. John’s eyes fly open. In what little he can see from the streetlight filtering in, Sherlock’s entire form has gone rigid, his legs locked together as though he’s been bound in ropes, wrists pressed together in the same way. His teeth are clenched, his shoulders shuddering.
I hastily shove the bra onto the nearest hook and take off after Sherlock, still a little aroused, but it’s fine. It’s fantastic. We make for what we think is the exit but end up in the food hall on the ground floor, that big quasi-Egyptian place (Mary once made me take her there for lunch, which cost a month’s salary or thereabouts) and end up dodging through throngs and throngs of Saturday tea-takers and the early supper crowd. We weave our way through, not running now, but moving quickly and looking for the door.
He switches off the telly. “Me too.” They get up and get ready for bed, John creeping quietly upstairs to look in on Rosie, who’s sleeping peacefully, then joining Sherlock in the loo to brush his teeth. He slips out to change into his pyjama pants and the well-worn t-shirt he usually sleeps in, then gets into bed. The toilet flushes, the taps run, and then Sherlock comes in from the loo and turns the light off behind him.
Sherlock is watching him. “Is it?” He selects a modestly-sized piece of beef from his own bowl and samples it. John is correct: it’s extremely good. The flavours of the wine, garlic, onion, and the rest of the sauce have permeated the meat, and the acidity and time have rendered it so tender as to practically melt in his mouth. “Mmm. That
He lies there panting for a moment as the stars clear from his vision, then rolls over and tackles John. “My turn,” he says, still breathless, and to his secret relief, John doesn’t argue it. He might have got himself off during it, but he didn’t – he’s nude and very hard, his penis flushed dark in contrast to the relative pallor of his stomach, and Sherlock needs to put his mouth on it immediately. He settles himself between John’s legs and gives a long swipe of his tongue from root to tip, then applies the flat of his tongue to the soft hairiness of John’s testicles, which twitch and quiver in response. “I slept through you getting my underwear off,” Sherlock says, looking up at John along the length of his torso.
She turns and he’s glancing up at her from beneath his lashes, a bit ashamed. “I’m a little surprised you actually remember that,” she says. “I was very worried about you, Sherlock.”
“Oh, I suppose I could,” Mrs Whitney says. “I haven’t seen her for a little while, might be nice. Can you bring her over? I’d come, only I’ve got a sore ankle…”
They don’t talk about sex or try it again. John’s woken up hard all three mornings since their appointment, but he’s done his best to keep the fact of it hidden from Sherlock, though who even knows what Sherlock is all capable of deducing or detecting. John feels deeply uneasy about the very thought of trying something and not being able to see it through, of leaving Sherlock unsatisfied and embarrassed, and worst of all, hurting him all over again. Making him feel unwanted or rejected, left exposed after having put himself in the position of admitting that he wants it. It’s already like that – he’s already overextended himself that way, and John is still in the red, not having given him what he’s asked for. That part feels awful, and while he’s aware that feeling awful about it won’t change it or make it more possible for him to try to have some form of sex with Sherlock without it failing spectacularly, he’s also equally unable to change the way he feels. He also knows very well that if they started it and John lost the mood again, even if he made sure that Sherlock got there, got off, it would be just as embarrassing for him if it didn’t happen for John, too. There’s a mutual vulnerability that John’s very loss of control in the moment of orgasm would be needed to make it safe for it to happen for Sherlock. He would need to match Sherlock’s level of risk. He’s trying. He
Sherlock looks affronted. “She’s your daughter,” he says again. “And there is nothing in this life that could make me not want you to come home again. For good this time. She is part of your life, and therefore part of mine. This is – non-negotiable.”
John gets to his feet and sees that it’s true: Sherlock has cooked them a full breakfast, a basket of thickly-sliced toast on the table, the bacon on their plates still sizzling from the pan, a bowl of satsumas between, and he’s just serving scrambled eggs oozing cheese. He has a sudden impulse to go over and hug Sherlock, pan and all, and has to swallow again. “Okay,” he says, not arguing. “Let me just – loo.” He manages to get himself down the hall before Sherlock can see the state he’s in and runs the cold tap at full blast, slapping his face with cold water and willing his body to calm down enough so that he can relieve himself and get back to the kitchen with his dignity more or less intact. He’s kept this down successfully for years now, damn it. Now is no time to go giving away the game.
He was just in time. The explosion is immediate, whether the time was up or Banting set it off. It knocks him off his feet, but he manages to get his arms up in time, shielding his face and chest from most of the debris that comes raining down around him. He dimly hears Sherlock shouting his name again through his earpiece, but he’s momentarily too dazed to move apart from his instinctive reaction.
“Good night.” John’s voice is equally expressionless. He turns over the other way, so that his back is to Sherlock, too.
John bends over, hands on his knees, as though he’s about to be sick. “I knew it would be a mistake to try talking about this,” he says, his voice muffled. “That’s why I tried so hard not to.”
“We’ll make it work,” Sherlock tells him. “The conference is over tomorrow. Once we’re out of here, the cover part is over and then we’ll be free. We just need to solve the case.”
when you come. And we’ll have to be a bit quick; I was planning on blow jobs, not – ” He’s already moving as he speaks, however, reaching for the lubricant Sherlock has located under the pillow and slicking it over himself, then massaging Sherlock’s entrance with it, slipping his fingers in and out a little more. He doesn’t ask if Sherlock is ready; Sherlock already knows that John knows he is. John crawls up over Sherlock, his arms like steel bars on either side of Sherlock’s jaw, bending to kiss him even as he presses the head of his erection into the heat of Sherlock’s body. He reaches down to guide himself, then pushes all the way inside in one long, steady drive.
I wait for him to turn the question back on me, but he doesn’t. I want to say something along the lines of
John actually moans, seizes his face, and kisses him again, again, as though he can’t bring himself to stop. “I don’t want to – rush anything,” he gets out, with difficulty. “But – ”
appointments in the resort’s spa (one marked for a ninety-minute massage, one for a full-body wrap hydra-therapy thing involving hibiscus and chocolate, apparently, and another for a manicure and pedicure. She looks up and gapes at Sherlock. “You’re giving me a trip to Bora Bora?!”
“Earl Grey, I was thinking,” Sherlock says. “Corey only has coffee. Which is fine, but I was craving a cup of tea.”
“You just looked so – enticing, standing there, naked,” Sherlock says after, as though trying to explain himself. “It wasn’t about what you were doing. I don’t have a – thing for that, per se. It was just you.”
John had eyed them dubiously. “And compete against the two of you disgustingly young, fit arseholes? Not much chance of that!”
That does it: the only shower stalls are immediately next to them. They are going to be seen. John exchanges another look with Sherlock, then says, “I told
“Oh, sure, pick on the reluctant ones first,” Brad scoffs, but it’s good-natured. He clears his throat. “Er, yeah. That’s that I meant by that. We’re in our fifties and we’ve been together for twenty-one years now. I’d challenge you to find any couple that isn’t looking for some spark by then!”
John bends forward and kisses her on the cheek, too, which is unexpected, his lips unwittingly landing precisely where Sherlock’s just did. “Mrs Holmes,” he says. “Thank you so much for having us for dinner, and for watching Rosie all afternoon. I hope she wasn’t too much trouble.”
John looks over and sees the austere twin spires a distance off to their left. “Why is that one better?”
John swallows hard and nods. “Okay. Thank you. I’m sorry. I just – I didn’t want to make any of this any harder than it’s already been, you know?”
It’s only twenty-four hours before John tries it again, and this time Sherlock cannot head it off. John went out to run an errand of some sort after supper, to Sherlock’s private relief as well as his contradictory wish that they could have gone together, but he knows better than to suggest it right now. It’s after nine when John reappears. He walks into the sitting room without taking off his shoes or coat and stops a few feet from where Sherlock is sitting in his chair with his laptop open.
They drink their tea and Sherlock reads through the sighting reports again, for lack of anything better to do. “Do you feel it would be enlightening to see the body?” he asks, more to break the silence than for any other reason.
She trails off, clearly pondering arrangements of the guest room to allow for both an adult and a toddler. Sherlock holds his breath for a moment, then decides to just plunge directly in and tell her. “John can stay with me,” he says curtly. “And Rosie will be fine anywhere. She just needs a cot. The guest room will do for her, unless you’ve got other people coming.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to. It’s just… hard. To put into words, I mean.” John puts his hands around the mug as though needing its warmth.
John feels a spike of alarm. “What… are we talking about?” he asks. “If it’s something medical, I’m not sure I can legally…”
When he gets back to the flat, it’s half past ten and John is already there. He comes to the top of the stairs as Sherlock starts up them. “Hey,” he says, looking down at Sherlock. “Where’ve you been?”
It’s tight – it’s agonisingly tight. Sherlock’s entire face is condensed in reaction to it, yet it’s also immensely satisfying to feel John within him. His breath is shaking. John reaches around and strokes his chest.
Brenda unlocks her office and stands back. Sherlock goes in first and points imperiously at a chair. “Sit.”
Mrs Hudson almost winces. “I do rather think he is,” she says. “Rosie’s to be with Molly and her parents until the new year, he said, and he’s been doing laundry and I saw that big suitcase out… I think he’s going on the twenty-third.”
Sherlock puts his wine down and puts two fingers to John’s lips. “Stop,” he says gently. “You couldn’t have known. I never told you. I – I thought it was too late to make a difference. I knew that your opinion of me just kept falling and I stubbornly refused to try to make you see what I was doing all of that time. Any of it – from the snipers to talking you into not leaving Mary that night, to shooting Magnussen so that you wouldn’t, to getting myself sent away again, and then the whole slide after Mary died.”
It’s completely unnuanced and impossible to read. John is a bit surprised. “Good night,” he says. “Er – d’you want me to shut off the lamp?”
needs for you to acknowledge it,” Ella tells him gently. “We can talk about the importance of you acknowledging your own needs and desires, but if that aspect of the situation isn’t speaking to you, I think that this one will. If you want to focus on what John needs, then this is it: he needs to be held accountable, and specifically by the person whom he hurt. This stuff can’t just be waved off and magically made to go away. For your forgiveness to mean something to John, it has to be the real thing, and that means acknowledging your own pain in this – in any part of this where there was an experience of pain for you. Otherwise, it isn’t real. It’s a surface patch job at best.” She picks up her notebook again and turns a new page. “So let’s get right to the heart of it, Sherlock. If you want to issue a blanket pardon to John, in order to help him let go of it and forgive himself, I suggest you take this moment right now to name what in John’s behaviour has hurt you the most.”
Sherlock reaches over and takes John’s hand again, gripping it hard in lieu of speech, and John accepts it with obvious gratitude, squeezing back so tightly that his nailbeds turn white.
Sherlock makes a gesture that might be a shrug; it’s hard to tell from behind. “Yes. Only briefly.” He pushes open the door leading out onto the pavement. It’s sunny for once and Sherlock squints a little as he raises his arm for a cab, then speaks without looking at John. “If you’re set on us going, then I imagine you’ll need to make some arrangements. It’s only a few days away.”
“Really?” John searches his eyes, then smiles back, just a little. “That’s – wow. Huh. Did you think it was Mary, though? I mean, I kept telling myself I was just feeling paranoid because of the kidnapping.”
supposed to mean? The practicalities? It’s a simple enough question, wanting to know if you feel the same way or not, I would think.”
“I was thinking, I could use your help on what to wear tonight,” he says, very quickly, apprehension all over his face.
Sherlock’s throat is tight and he doesn’t trust himself to speak. John is speaking using couple terms – taking back, being there for each other – yet it doesn’t matter. It’s still true of their situation.
