Sherlock waivered for a moment when he was confronted with the sheer amount of data the personnel files contained. He had known what he was getting into, that relevant data would have to be, for the most part, hand counted, as the indicators of a potential murderers were not charted or documented so thoroughly as deaths and the causes thereof. There had been nothing solid in this case to indicate foul play, and his time was too valuable to waste.
The counselor 'hmmed' sympathetically. "If that belief is so strong, that you have nothing else to look forward to, nothing else that you could be, I'm not surprised that you relapsed."
listened, and kept her gaze fixed on Sherlock's shoulder while her broken arm hung limp and useless at her side. Her violin case was still cradled in her good arm, nestled between her chest and his.
Bailey grinned in a way that rankled, and John made a concentrated effort not to scowl. Bailey shrugged and went back to the lunch he'd been laying out for himself with a flippant, "Whatever you say, Watson."
Susan Wolfram immediately paled, but struggled to recover herself with a wan smile. "Y-yes," she agreed, her color returning quickly. John doubted that she had even seen Sherlock the night before, so she couldn't have recognized him.
It also gave him time to consider the strange turn his life had taken since he'd first met Sherlock. It hadn't been easy, in any sense of the word, but it had not been quite as awful as he'd thought it would be, either. Sherlock had made it quite clear that he could make almost any demand of John that he saw fit when he'd sent him out for those damn medical supplies, But, aside from ill-timed and ludicrous grocery/supply runs, John hadn't been asked to do more than to fill his role as Sherlock's assistant and blogger.
Realization finally dawned as Sherlock's arms crept around John's back and drew him deeper into the alleyway, and out of sight of the main street. As soon as they were concealed they both took off running. Hopefully their tail, if they were being followed, would think that Sherlock and John were not aware of them, that their stop in the ally was exactly as it had first appeared to be. It made sense, as a decoy, considering how often John was obliged to announce, 'He's not my boyfriend!'
The most serious cases weren't always as easy to spot as one would assume. Lots of blood and compound fractures were always distressing, but internal bleeding and tears could be even more deadly, and all but silent in their approach. For hours John assessed, pushed, prodded, and marked his patients in severity. The worst ones were taken quickly, but the next worse weren't that much better off, and even the other staff on triage occasionally had to pull together to work on a patient and buy precious time. Put pressure on this wound here, send someone back for butterfly band aides or medications that were desperately needed. They were a team, but at the end of the day John was in charge, and his word would decide whether they converged to address a patient more immediately, or let their triage judgment hold and wait for the rest of the team in Accident and Emergency to clear space.
"I'll be right there," John announced into the phone with a serious expression, before hanging up and shoving the phone back into his pocket. "There's been a serious pileup on The Highway, they need extra hands tonight."
There was another cry of, "Clear!" and another shock was administered.  John watched his young patient's back bow and strain in response.
Harry held her bottom lip between her teeth as she scanned the line at the security check-point. She was too proud to admit she was scared. Excited, but scared. What if she didn't get it right this time?
"Obviously, John. There was no other way to break their grip." He turned pointedly towards the Detective Inspector and drew breath to continue his story when John interrupted him once more.
Sherlock shrugged, throwing an arm over his eyes to block out the too bright light of the living room. "I'm not infallible."
John thought for a moment shaking his head at the myriad of memories that filled three short weeks. "Well, the first time I met him he was shooting a wall because he was 'bored.'"
Sherlock stared aghast at the wrecked instrument before him. The frame was slightly crumpled, one leg was completely severed, a handful of lose keys were scattered on the floor around it, and, given the fading echoes of its dissonant notes, several of its wires had snapped. The bench which had accompanied it lay fractured beneath and around it. He did not register the rushing feet until his mother's hands were one him.
John waited a bit before he replied, keeping his voice calm and even, something he was always mindful of doing when working with anxious patients or, in this case, anxious residents. "Accident and emergency can be a very intense work environment, and working with trauma only compounds the pressure. You've said yourself that you want to finish residency, get your license, and go into family practice. The reason you complete these rotations is to get experience in different types of medicine. Accident and emergency is not a good fit for you, I agree, but that isn't a failing as a doctor. I've only known you a few weeks and I think you picked well when you decided to pursue family medicine. Knowing your limits is as important as knowing your strengths. Watching patients die should never be something you get used to, or feel detached from. That's a serious sign of compassion fatigue, and being overworked in general. Both should be avoided at all costs. When you're stretched thin your patients suffer. You would rarely, if ever, see patients so badly injured in family medicine."
"What was Nikki talking about when she asked about 7:00pm?" John asked, tilting his head to the side to meet Sherlock's suddenly averted gaze.
warnings," John countered, and Sherlock rolled his eyes, wincing at the sudden pain the movement caused. "Stay still!" John admonished, staring directly into Sherlock's eyes. Slowly, John raised his torch and shined the light into Sherlock's face, then pulled it away again. At length, John nodded. "I don't think you have a concussion, or a broken nose, but you're going to have one hell of a black eye tomorrow.
heartbroken, but he couldn't equate it with her loss. Sherlock was alive and he hadn't lost a lover, just a friend. Ultimately, as much as John may have wished, Sherlock and he had never built anything lasting...
Sherlock smirked, and then began walking, John close at his heels. By the time they were on the streets, John could hear Sherlock chuckling quietly. "Send the Shitzu after us," he murmured, amused. "Some small dogs are quite determined, but
John's jaw set in a hard line. "I stopped stating the obvious because it never seemed to help." His voice was terse, but John was pleased he managed to refrain from making a flippant comment, although he was sorely tempted. He was, however, going to put an end to this conversation. "Regardless of misinformation, my personal life is
John frowned and shook his head. "No, I'm not here to fight." He ran a hand through his hair, and then rested both hands on the table in front of him. "I just think we need to talk about Sherlock."
Sherlock's eyes slid over to the wreck of a piano. They burned and itched, but he did not cry. Fine. If this was the way things were going to be…fine. He stood, flinching against the pounding pressure in his skull. It hurt, but he was not concussed. He might need stitches…but he could do that himself. Pressing his hand to his head to staunch the bleeding, Sherlock shuffled out of the room.
"What's happened?" Sherlock asked, watching Mary step back into the room and move over to the phone, bending down so that she could hear.
Sherlock squirmed slightly under John's gaze, uncomfortable with its intensity. He'd turned similar looks on others in the name of a case but none of them had been...real. Sherlock's lips parted as his breathing quickened. John squeezed Sherlock's good hand gently, slowing running his thumb back and forth over the skin on the back of Sherlock's hand. "What do
" John announced then, turning away with an uneasy feeling and searching for his coat. When they'd discussed the finer details of their arrangement it had been decided that John could leave the house for errands and other things, but that he would always be "on call" via text, if Sherlock needed him. They'd yet to share a case together and John had been reluctant to leave 221 B for long, a bit on edge with this new arrangement still. That day, however, he'd needed some breathing room and didn't return to the flat until very late at night...
The elder Holmes brother stood tall, and locked eyes with the good doctor from his position on the street below. He looked as stoic and collected as ever. "I
John watched her wistfully for a moment, sending a small prayer to any benevolent force that might be listening, before he turned to make his way back outside. Sherlock Holmes was waiting for him.
John was also probably calling Lestrade, whom Sherlock had texted just after they found the kennels. Sherlock could have overpowered Mr. Werner and been done with it, but given that Lestrade and backup were likely to arrive in the next thirty seconds, it would probably be best
"We must," he assured her, gently leading her along. "Come, I will be with you all the way through."
"John!" Sherlock cried, rocking back into John's skillful fingers and mouth. A low growl reverberated over Sherlock's inner thighs, and the force of John's fingers became punishing, slamming into Sherlock's prostate with bruising force. Sherlock's strangled scream died in an unexpected, sloppy kiss.
What if this happened again? Sherlock was always finding trouble in the most unlikely places. What if John started jumping at shadows and seeing cases where there weren't any? Did he really miss Sherlock that much? No. Impossible. He hated that he even still had feelings for that monster, and he couldn't wait until they faded away to nothing.
Mary's smile widened, and John could tell she was not at all fooled. He hadn't meant her to be. She did seem willing to accept the change of topic, however, because she lifted her glass and stared through it for a moment before answering.
No one looked at the homeless, no one acknowledged them. They were utterly invisible, which made them the perfect informants. For many years Sherlock had utilized a homeless network, otherwise known as the Baker Street Irregulars, to assist him in his cases. He was discreet, to the point, always paid what he offered, and so he was trusted. They were more reliable than any other workforce Sherlock had encountered. They weren't all decent people, but the majority were, and their circumstances taught them to observe what most people simply ignored.
Okay, so this was originally meant to be a one shot, however some reviews made me rethink that plan. I can't promise how often this will be updated, given that "This Doesn't Feel Like Falling" is my main focus right now, but I will finish it. I guess I'm going to turn this into a reunion fic.
John shifted in his seat and winced as his shoulder tensed. As much as he loved his new employment, long hours on hospital stools or bent over computers for documentation was not doing his shoulder any favors. Without, well, without Sherlock to run around with he was getting less exercise, which caused his muscles to stiffen, and increased the risk for cramps.
Sherlock tugged open the door and stepped outside the morgue, making his way to the street outside, equally as perplexed by his own actions as the woman he had just left. He didn't waste his time on niceties, he never had. All the lecturing in the world hadn't altered his behavior before…
And he did know. Love, and the work involved in growing love, making it last, had never been a mystery to Sherlock. He'd just never seen the point in trusting someone like that. People are flawed, and they will disappoint you. He was a prime example. He disappointed everyone. He was sarcastic, rude, and as blunt as a falling tree. And he'd hurt John...
John came to awareness slowly, shifting when he felt the gentle brush of fingers along his bare back. He blinked, breathed deeply, then yawned.
Deep breath. In. Out. Focus. John's eyes were already searching for a cab before he reached back to pull the front door closed. He had to get to a hotel, secure a room, find a safe place to land... someplace far away from here...
"Right," Sherlock piped in, reaching for his phone. "I'm texting Lestrade now, hopefully he can bring a crew in for cleanup, and route some ambulances this way." Sherlock pocketed his phone just as the man from Mycroft's team knelt by the ventilation system and began examining whatever apparatus William had attached to it. He was pulling delicate looking tools out of his suit jacket while Sherlock ushered Mary and John back towards the hallway.
Thank you to all those who have left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You're support keeps me writing.  ^_^
I know the spacing has been wonky on a few chapters, I hope to be able to clear that up this weekend.
Mary shrugged. "If you thought your supervisor would investigate it, you would've brought it to him. And if you're wrong, it's a victimless crime. I'm sure Barts can dispose of the medical supplies just as well as Charing Cross can."
"Heard, doctor" one of the orderly confirmed while the other removed the first syringe and reached for a second. The patient's fit had lost some of its force, but not as much as expected. He probably had a high tolerance or an altered metabolism. Sherlock handed the orderly another syringe, reaching behind him with his other hand to pocket one for himself.
John looked between the stairs and the bathroom for a few more moments before nearly shouting, "If what we need is in the bathroom,
"I understand," Eric replied, slowly and reluctantly lifting John's resignation letter off his desk. "I'll hang on to this, but I do want to talk to you about this before it's processed. Are you free tomorrow?"
John glanced over at him, a wry smile playing on his lips. "Are you telling me you can't stop yourself from picking everything to pieces?"
John's eyes widened and, despite himself, he found the smirk dancing around the edges of Sherlock's mouth contagious. He bit back a chuckle and looked sternly at his flatmate. He was
Sherlock knew he deserved no such sympathy, so he put on his best smile and suggested, "We should go; we both have early rehearsal tomorrow." Nikki spared Sherlock one long, thoughtful look, before she nodded and followed him outside into a night that felt colder and bitterer than it had to Sherlock just a few hours ago.
The muscles across her belly and hips quivered, tightening once more. Laurali surged forward, mouth and eyes open as her Papa had instructed. She grunted with effort, then began a long, low cry that rose sharply in volume until she ran out of breath. She gasped and let out one final, "ugh!" as her son slid wetly from her body.
There were voices talking and then retreating footsteps. He hoped they weren't going to take him to the hospital after all; he really would be fine.
he would be dealing with an international incident. When, inexplicably, there hadn't been one, he'd called on Sherlock. Because Sherlock hadn't returned his calls in over two decades, any visits they had were the result of kidnapping or, more commonly, breaking and entering.
"That would have been a bigger clue if not for the impossibility of the injuries to the body, which I've already covered," Sherlock replied, shifting his gaze to the silent older gentleman. "Your companion, Ilia, has done a remarkable job of disguising his accent. So much so, that I only suspected him to be Russian. I could not, however accomplish anything last night with your husband so determined to hide. Without being sure of where he was—I'm assuming he used gloves to enter his little compartment as I saw no fingerprints—I would risk the chance of him escaping while I attempted to force him out of hiding. I surmise that he assumed the idea of a suicide would eliminate the chance of DNA testing. Leveling that threat, in a controlled environment where he would most likely hear me seemed to be the best chance of getting him to reveal himself."
"So, what do you think, Sherlock?" John asked as he set the kettle to boil. He received no reply. He tried again. "That's a pretty interesting story, don't you think?"
Sherlock arched an eyebrow and loomed over John, but the ex-army doctor would not be cowed. "I mean it. Nothing in our deal said that I would get arrested for you."
John nodded, returning her gentle smile with his own, grateful for her understanding. He hadn't really talked about his circumstances to anyone. Work wasn't the place and so many of his friends: Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, all their lives were too closely tied with Sherlock's… It wasn't that he never meant to speak with them again, but recently the thought of speaking to them had been too painful.
The world's only consulting detective straightened his spine, folded his hands neatly on the table in front of him and said, "Pay her."
...He guessed it was fun, in a way. It would be a lot more fun if he wasn't having this silent (or sometimes not so silent) contest of wills with his flatmate, but yes, it was fun. He enjoyed the thrill of the chase, and as much as it was sometimes unsettling, John was always awed by Sherlock's intellect. It almost made John wonder what it would feel like when there
"Once the facial alterations were complete for their stand-in, they made the switch," Sherlock pressed on.
"Why a syringe?" Sherlock asked, referencing the item left for him in the wake of the evidence he was after.
Sherlock, however, did not look impressed. "It was useful in exposing the truth of this case, but it has still been their downfall."
Greg lifted his hand slightly in surrender. "I didn't say he wasn't being awful, he's really done it this time..." Greg trailed off for a moment, placing both of his hands back on the table. "I just…I've known him for a long time, and I don't think he knows
will be." She sniffled into his shoulder for a few long moments while John rubbed his hands up and down her back.
Mycroft had said he was injured...how badly? John's fingers twitched as he fought the urge to move them to his damaged shoulder in sympathy.
John's heart skipped a beat. Free? Sherlock would free him if he was wrong? No more beastly flatmate? No more 3:00am wake up calls? No more running pell-mell all over London chasing dubious characters? Really? ...That should be good news... He should feel relived, not uneasy... and certainly not disappointed...
A light touch on his arm caused Sherlock to turn and he found a slender blond girl looking up at him with concerned dark brown eyes. "I can check you out over here," she said, gesturing to a customer service counter that was currently closed.
and Sherlock wasn't about to deny him. That was one of the reasons Sherlock had never tried to see John before …there was very, very little that he could deny John now…
John stiffened, and slowly drew his arm away. He was silent for a long moment, studying the creases at the edges of Sherlock's eyes and lips, taking in his posture and the message it sent. He'd always thought of Sherlock's slouches as lazy, but now, he wasn't so convinced. "The only person your fooling, Sherlock, is yourself."
Greg held the phone to one ear, and used his hand to cover his other ear. All the children were currently having a sleepover at the estate, and things were a bit noisy. Currently, he was trying to work out the details of an upcoming parent-teacher conference. "No, Mrs. Miller, I'm not Laurali's father; my husband I are guardians to Nikki, Katie, Cori, and Alex Langley."
"What is this doing here?" John asked, running his thumb lightly over the picture, which was sealed in a thin plastic bag.
The world's only consulting detective's head lolled to one side as he finally deigned to make eye contact with Lestrade. "That's a violation of my rights," he replied lazily.
Mary ended up covering the mark on his neck the next three times John worked at the surgery, for which John was both grateful and embarrassed. She never seemed to judge him, insisting each time he blushed that he was an adult and capable of making his own decisions.
! Granted, many of the world's idiots had been insinuating their feelings for each other since they first became flatmates, but it wasn't true in the beginning, so Sherlock had ignored it. He'd never imagined it was a possibility, John
John remember the night Niki had been brought into Accident and Emergency along with her father. She was the worse off of the two of them; her fractures were severe and had almost been compound. John had talked quietly with her while he examined her, as he would with any patient, to help distract her from the pain. She'd been pale and shaking and he'd worried about her going into shock.
Elzbieta's classmate, Laurali, was an orphan, attending the school on scholarship, and the kidnappers felt that public sympathy would motivate the Bulgarian ambassador to be more than accommodating. They demanded twenty million pounds for the safe return both girls, however they would settle for ten million if the Bulgarian ambassador deigned only to rescue his own daughter. Human trafficking was alive and well, so they would make money either way.
should have been in that section of the archives..." Molly ran her fingers nervously through the end of her ponytail as she talked, and John doubted it was for fear of being scolded for untidy paperwork. She was afraid for him. If he was honest, he was a little afraid for himself some days...
A man in his forties passed by, with dull dark eyes heavily bruised underneath from lack of sleep. He had dark messy hair, gaunt cheeks, and uneven stubble. His clothing was tough but had seen much better days. All this in combination with the sickly sweet smell Sherlock briefly detected indicated the man was alcoholic, likely sleeping rough. The gaunt cheeks and shadows under his eyes could be from sleeping rough or from an amphetamine habit. If he used amphetamines, however, it was probably to stay awake because he didn't have a safe place to sleep. The sickly sweet smell was coming out of the man's pores, a feeble protest from his overtaxed liver.
"It's not as drastic as it sounds," John said, trying to ease his friend's anxiety. "Apparently, that's just Mycroft's way of saying 'hello;' at least that's what Sherlock told me."
The cab came to an abrupt halt outside of Mr. McAndrew's town house. Sherlock exited quickly and John reflexively reached for his wallet to pay the fair. He still wasn't happy about being stuck with the bill, but he recognized it was a lost cause.
John expected Sherlock to let him go once they reached 221B Baker Street. He didn't. Sherlock may have paid the cabbie before dragging John inside, but John was having some trouble focusing. Things had gone all swimmy.
John's lips curved into a smirk. "Are you done?" he asked, referring to Sherlock's fruitless protests.
care for politics. Nor, as John had seen, did Sherlock care for the lime light. Being right seemed to be all the payment and all the motivation he needed. John would have hardly called Sherlock's pride and arrogance virtues, but in the case of assuring client discretion, they could inadvertently be assets.
Greetings, and welcome back for another chapter of Choosing Love! ^_^ Thank you to everyone who commented on, subscribed to, left kudos for, and/or bookmarked my story. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
forms a much clearer picture. Think about it, Mrs. Dwight was in her early thirties with two children. I was able to ascertain their ages from her file at the morgue, but even if I wasn't, it's safe to assume they are still young, unless she had them in her teens."
right not to be. It was hard enough pretending for himself that he had everything together; he resented having to pretend for everyone else, especially when they never really believed him... not even when he
He slipped the needle from his pocket, uncapped it and drew in a sizable amount of air. Then he gathered the patient's intravenous line in one hand and pressed the needle into the medication port. His eyes narrowed in wicked satisfaction as he quickly depressed the plunger and just as quickly plucked out the needle and turned away. The pocket of air had a reasonable distance to travel before it made it through the tubing and into his patient's blood stream, not long, but just long enough for him to make his exit. He capped the needle and slipped it back into his pocket with one hand as he pushed open the door with the other. The hallway was still empty, as planned. His revenge was too important to leave anything to chance. He heard the wailing of the code alarm attached to the patient's monitors just as he slipped inside the stairwell, and his smile widened.
their child. He either didn't listen, or didn't care. When he found the threat realized, he meandered to the hospital where he was born, and charmed the documents out of a young records clerk."
"Lestrade's already in route," Sherlock murmured absently, eyes still flitting about the room. "There was a silent alarm on the window, and the door to the morgue. The owners value their reputation. I just need a moment; she must be here."
All the past Mrs. McAndrew's had loved their husband, and paid the ultimate price for it. The severity of such a betrayal, not once, but three times almost made John angry enough to take the matter into his own hands...almost. If there was going to be true justice, it had to come full circle; Miss. Williams must be disillusioned.
Transport could be regulated and controlled, but only to a point. This was why he ate and slept every few days, despite the tedium. With these facts before him he could no longer ignore the data from his transport. It had been subtle at first, just a whisper of the poisons encroaching hold. Increased fatigue, joint stiffness, muscle cramps, intensifying headaches; the list of symptoms only grew and intensified with time. Now, there was no denying his situation.
John thought he might actually have ruffled Sherlock's feathers, so he cupped his hands to his mouth and yelled after him, "You
evidence resulting in a conviction convince you Miss. Williams?" Sherlock turned to glower at her. "Somehow I doubt even a full confession from Mr. McAndrew himself would move you to reason!"
Sherlock, having thrust a sobbing Elzbieta into Anthea's waiting arms, had just returned to the building to retrieve her classmate, when Laurali rounded a corner, and threw herself into his arms.
"Well done you two," John said, stepping into the room with a smile. "It looks like your recovery is coming along nicely, Nikki," John observed, nodding towards her arm.
"Why do you insist on high-handed moral protests when you enjoy danger this much?" Sherlock muttered with frustrated agitation.
"I met Marcus when I was first investigating Mr. Wallingford's death, and I saw the mark you left on him." Sherlock hesitated until John's hand came up to grasp his. "The rest was hacking. I discovered who Travis was shortly after I met Marcus. These last few weeks I have been speaking to him online. He's still in love with Marcus, apparently, and I informed him that Marcus was still very much in love with him."
Sherlock had stopped and stared, his hand already partially extended to reach for the tea, but John was used to all manner of odd behavior, and had simply leaned forward to place the warm mug in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock had reflexively lifted the mug and drank from it. It was exactly as he liked it. John, meanwhile, had returned to contentedly perusing the morning paper and nibbling on his toast. There was a plate for Sherlock as well, but John hadn't commented on it. Even Sherlock was hungry after a case, and would usually eat with no nagging required. Sherlock sat, but he hadn't been able to make himself eat.
John shrugged and the movement turned into a stretch where his legs twined further with Sherlock's. "I'll go apologize in a bit."
John halted in the doorway, his hands braced on the frame. He didn't need to turn around to know that Sherlock had risen from the sofa and was looming ominously close behind him. He turned anyway, wanting the physical evidence of this man's gall.
John frowned, fixing his eyes back on his work. Sherlock was cruel, he couldn't deny that, he'd seen too much evidence, but for all his bluster, he'd never needlessly wasted lives... "Danger to my life doesn't account for changing the medication orders for that patient, Sherlock," John pressed. He was met with silence.
"Thank you for your flexibility in meeting me, Mr. Holmes," Mr. Murphy said, still distractedly looking at his computer. "I apologize for the change in venue, there have been many unexpected projects for the firm recently." This was both an illusion to Mr. Wallingford's demise and another power play.
The ex-army doctor shook himself and squared his shoulders. "Deal," he said firmly, putting out his hand for the world's only consulting detective to shake. Sherlock grinned, took it, and pulled his blogger out into the night.
he'd shot that cabbie, but he never regretted it. Despite all the terrible fights, the ridiculous hours, the interrupted dates and work, John had been having the most fun he'd ever had.
John's eyes widened and he flushed, realizing how he must have sounded. "No! I, uh, I just meant this doesn't seem like a politically focused place."
"Is this why Mr. Wallingford was working so many late nights?" Sherlock pressed, not wanting to lose momentum.
"John," came a raspy reply as Sherlock parted his chapped lips and raised his hands to embrace his doctor.
Sherlock didn't even look up as he replied. "So? You weren't exactly making productive use of it. This might even be good for you. It's already done more for your limp than that overpaid therapist of yours."
"S-she's l-listed as the patient recovering in r-room 114," Frederick stuttered, gesturing to the computer.
? "Well," she continued, "I'd better let you get on your way; no one comes here looking that determined if it isn't serious."
"Come on, give it here, you'll never crack the password. You're just wasting your time." Mr. Murphy insisted.
The shot was starting to hit John already; he hadn't had much to eat over the last few days. He sighed softly and sipped his stout again. Definitely a two drink limit.
They had come to attend the imminent birth of their first grandchild, and to help Laurali and Alex in their first few weeks of parenthood. It was strange coming back to the place where it all began, so many years ago. John, much to his chagrin, was balding now, and needed glasses. Sherlock, who would never go bald, now had grey hair streaked with black.
, Sherlock. If you want that too, then I don't care if it's a matter of minutes or a matter of years." John leaned forward in his chair, inching closer to Sherlock. "What do
"How do you expect me to make a DNA test disappear?!" Sherlock scoffed. "You should have seen my brother for that, not me."
Sherlock's voice was barely above a whisper, so the patient had to lean in slightly to hear him. "I tried," the patient whispered back, his eyes filling with tears.
Adjusting the coat one last time, Sherlock pushed open the door of the laundry and stepped briskly out into the hallway. He held his phone up as he walked, furiously hacking the internal network for the Holloway Sanatorium as well as pulling up and reviewing the blue prints for the buildings on campus. There were very few places that weren't monitored regularly, and Sherlock knew his misdirection wouldn't last forever. Someone would wise up at some point and there would be a chase; he had to have his exit route planned in advance.
John paused at the door, almost knocking before remembering, yet again, the keys that Mary had made for him. They'd been on his keychain since before the rental agreement was signed, and he still wasn't used to them.
Lestrade sighed and whispered, "Of course you did..." but the smile that followed belied any intent he'd had to scold Sherlock.
"Meticulous killers like this usually only get sloppy when they're impatient," Mary mused, then stiffened and looked up at Sherlock. "Didn't you say he had a board of directors meeting this afternoon?"
John smiled, grateful. "Thank you. I have a feeling I'll need to take you up on that to keep my sanity."
The husband, Anthony Werner, opened the front door before they reached it, and ushered them inside. He was a tall man, approximately thirty pounds overweight, with broad shoulders, hair that was noticeably thinning and receding, and a scruffy beard. Overall he looked average enough. He was tall, but not remarkably so, with average coloring and features. The extra weight might make him seem more friendly, but the movement of his hands indicated they had been broken before, most likely in a fight, and his muscular strength, while not matching Sherlock's, was significant.
"John?" Sherlock breathed, confusion, desperately trying to suck in air and clear his thoughts. John was relentless, his mouth slipping up Sherlock's neck to assault his other ear. Sherlock's breathing hitched, and he tugged John closer, winding long arms around his neck.
It was strange not to see Sherlock's phone listed among his immediate belongings. He was always typing on that damned thing... until he'd called John. A small sigh escaped the doctor's lips as he mentally jerked away from land mine of a memory. He was not going there, not today. He'd, quite truly, had enough of loss, even if he still had an unhealthy penchant for danger.
Sherlock folded his hands in his lap, interlocking his fingers to minimize the shaking. He knew what he'd done to John, but it was different, and much more powerful to see the effects of his actions etched so strongly in John's features…
If Sherlock loved John less he might try, but the more he considered his own feelings, in the deepest part of his mind palace, the more he recognized the depth of his affection and devotion. John
"I don't know about that," James countered. "You've lived with him for a while now. You seem to understand him, at least a little. And I would certainly say that you've grown attached."
When John did pull back, it was only slightly, their breath still mingled as he opened his eyes to smile at James, who was smiling back at him. "I'll see you around, John."
A smile, with more joy than Sherlock had really expected, crept over John's face and he shook his head. "
John paused for a measured breath, and pushed on with the rest of it. It felt a bit dangerous, being this honest with Alexander, but it felt validating too. Everyone in London was too full of "good intentions" for John to speak to them with complete honesty. Better to get his thoughts out there whilst he had an interested, if not captive, audience.
John's breathing escalated rapidly for a few moments before he closed the distance between them and decked Sherlock soundly. Sherlock reeled from the impact in a way he hadn't when John had punched him during the case where he met Ms. Adler; this time his nose and teeth were not spared in the slightest.
John paused at the edge of the aisle, just before the few steps up to the coffin. He was acutely aware of Sherlock's presence close to his left, but John couldn't look at him right now. John took a deep breath and mounted the steps to give Mary his last goodbye.
Mr. Werner's hands closed around Sherlock's neck from behind, John shouted, and Sherlock was just maneuvering to break the hold when Lestrade barreled into the room with his team behind him.
John's mouth playing with his, drawing him into deep, consuming kisses, and teasing him with the light, barely there brush of lips.
He grimaced as Sherlock's words drifted through his head. He hadn't meant to! It had just...happened. John had thought Sherlock wasn't the type to get bent out of shape about something like that. He had thought... but he was wrong. Had this
"He's rigged up a system to pump the gas through the ventilation shaft. It will be less concentrated that way, but the effects will still be deadly. John's overdose patient-"
John's words reverberated in Sherlock's head, quieting his doubts. It wouldn't be easy, but life never was, and more time with John would always be worth it.
At the time Sherlock had been grateful that John had recognized the significance of that information; that Sherlock frequently deleted basic information about the solar system from his mind palace because it was not important, but he
The woman stepped forward and raised a delicate eyebrow. "You certainly didn't, although to be fair it was dark, and I was sedating you."
tell me you're not trying to insinuate romantic feelings that aren't there. The rest of the world is bad enough as it is."
A big thank you goes out to everyone who has left comments, kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  I am so thrilled to hear back from readers and to know that this story has had such support.  I hope each of you has enjoyed the journey.
at him. Sherlock closed the camera security feed in retaliation, focusing the whole of his attention on the charts in front of him. There was only ten minutes left in John's shift by now, anyway.
a case. This… there was no hiding what this was, and Sherlock couldn't bring himself to care. He was in love with John and he'd sent him away. It was common for people to make misguided efforts to appease absent or deceased loved ones, despite how illogical such actions often where. If Sherlock wasn't impervious to falling in love then why should he be any different?
The corners of Sherlock's mouth quirked upwards slightly, and he continued. "Anna Reynolds, or the woman pretending to
Mary sipped her wine before replying. "The reason I'm not running from love, is only because I accept that there is no way Sean will ever come back to me, not in this life. If there was even the smallest chance of getting him back, nothing in the world would stop me." Mary pinned him with an intense look and finished, "Love is worth it. Love is
"I'm sorry," John repeated, running a hand through his hair. "Damn, this is the last place I expected to see
"Isn't this a little sloppy?" John asked. "Everything he's done so far has been easy to explain in other ways, that's what made him so hard to catch. This isn't exactly catching him red handed, but it stands out. Even the Morphine dressed as Narcan didn't stand out, exactly. I had it tested on a
Mr. Brenton smiled wanly, before continuing. "Yes, well, anyway… this last month she's been acting strangely…"
The ex-army doctors tone was amused, but the world's only consulting detective was frowning. John was a doctor,
John felt his breath coming faster as he shrugged out of his shirt, his eyes raking over the bare skin of Marcus's chest. He looked good shirtless; trim and toned. John knew he'd gone a bit soft around the edges, even with all the running around he used to do with Sherlock, still, he saw appreciation and heat glittering in Marcus's eyes as Marcus looked him over.
John sighed and leaned forward to place his hands over his face. His fingertips had just brushed his hairline when he flinched and shifted, reaching down to his side where he suddenly felt a small, sharp pain. The ex-army doctor's fingers quested over the fabric of his jumper for a moment before he found the offending object and plucked it free. He almost laughed when he saw what it was. Somehow a thorn from Mrs. Hudson's dormant rose bushes had snagged John on his way out, and remained stubbornly attached to him since the moment he left 221 B. A smile rested on his lips as he turned the small sticker over in his fingers.
"This is a mistake, Lestrade!," Sherlock insisted, jerking around as the Detective Inspector forced him down the hall. "Their getting away with murder!"
A brief smile flittered on Sherlock's features and was gone. When Wiggins spoke of the water front and warehouses he was referring to the drug trade, the black market, and gang activities. The lights was a reference to all the helpful tips the Yard was suddenly getting. His team was at work, expanding and applying as much pressure as they could, but they couldn't do it all.
faster, marginally, and, while he couldn't seem to stop hurting John, he could at least minimize John's discomfort. Mary's was in the main system now, he could tell by the pattern of her fingers against the keyboard. Determined to observe all there was, Sherlock fixed his eyes on the medical texts in front of him. There were all the usual suspects. Gray's Anatomy, the Oxford Textbook of Medicine, The Principles and Practice of Medicine, a copy of the International Classification of Diseases, Schwartz's Principles of Surgery, even The Practical Management of Pain. They were all in good condition, with little scuffs and creases on the binding that telegraphed the long hours William must have spent studying. He had taken his medical career quite seriously at one point. The Practical Management of Pain had taken a bit more of a beating than the others, the edges of the binding were actually starting to crack.
"Naturally, but I was 'sweeping' the floor outside his office, and I have good hearing. Anyway, after the promotion she'll have what she wants, and you can rest safe."
Sherlock let out a slow breath, feeling suddenly cold in the absence of John's body heat. The dominance that he saw so readily in John was one of the reasons he had hesitated so long in telling him the truth. Sherlock had known their connection was strong enough that if he added a bond to it, he would be utterly lost to it in a way that had both thrilled and terrified him, and he had been right…there was no going back now…
John shook his head. "He just wants attention. I can't tell you how many times he's connived to present his findings to the yard or to his client in the most dramatic way possible. I told you about when he got us arrested right?" The ex-army doctor moved as though he would continue walking through the park, when he started and took a step back. "Wait. Not you too.
Susan flinched, drawing her arms partway up to her face and hunching her shoulders as she inhaled sharply.
out of milk, Sherlock," John replied wryly as he made his way into the kitchen. "You never get any, and you keep finding the most bizarre reasons to pilfer mine!" John's tone was irritated, but it was belied by the affectionate smile on his lips.
John hummed softly, sliding his lips across Sherlock's cheek to press them against Sherlock's mouth once more. Sherlock opened to him instantly, their tongues beginning a sensual dance. The scent of fear was slowly fading, leaving Sherlock warm and pliant in John's arms.
Blinking, Sherlock forced himself to focus on John. He was here for a case. He was here reluctantly, but he was
"I don't believe that anyone is every truly screwed, as you may be implying," The therapist continued, leaning forward slightly in her chair as she spoke to Patricia and the larger group. "While the pain you may feel after a loss can be intense, it never has to define you, and it does not mean that you'll never be happy. People can feel a wide range of emotions, and often feel more than one at the same time. Some people find meaning or focus in grief and loss, a better appreciation of what they have, or a greater drive to pursue what they want. Some people feel they are honoring who and what they have lost by living the best lives that they can. Others may feel that they simply don't want to let pain be the only thing that defines them. Pain may be a continuous part of your lives,
John still stood, gaping in the doorway. "You really expect me to live here? If you end up as busy as you hope to be, I'll never have any free time."
John accepted the coat and quickly pulled it over his shoulders. Sherlock lead the way out of the staff lounge, and John followed, doing his best to ignore the tumult of emotions rioting inside his heart.
to date someone when I've got to deal with your particular brand of madness!" He crossed his arms in a huff and stared morosely out the window. It's not that he wasn't interested in having someone in his life, but he had a duty to his sister first, and he
At length Sherlock drew himself up to his full height and moved to stand directly in front of Miss. Williams. "I will find you your proof then." Sherlock arched a sardonic eyebrow. "I do hope I can manage to find enough to convince you before your body becomes
"No," John replied, slipping his sister's letter in his pocket so that he could keep it close until he was able to reply. If this was a case, which it certainly appeared to be a first glance, John suspected he might not have time to write back for a while. "He's just-"
Sherlock simply smiled enigmatically, locking John in a vice-grip every time he tried to inch away. "Would you do us the favor of signing our programs?" Sherlock asked, holding the folded papers and a ball point pen out to Ms. Adeline.
"What's the address?" Sherlock asked, already walking into the sitting room and reaching for his Belstaff. Lestrade barked the address at him, and Sherlock memorized it. He terminated the call, slid his phone back in his jacket pocket and slipped his arms through the sleeves of his Belstaff. Instinctively he turned his head over his shoulder and yelled, "John!"
The timber of her voice was an odd mixture of sorrow, anger, and resolution. Sherlock turned his full attention on her for the first time that evening. He could see the hurt and righteous indignation that announced she'd finally realized that she would never receive his affections—he had none to give. What he did not see, was deception. She truly meant to remove herself from his life after tonight. She meant to leave St. Barts and England altogether. She was going to practice medicine in some tropical location… This would mean he would need to tediously ingratiate himself with Bart's next morgue assistant…but it also meant he would be free from Molly's cloying emotions, and any tedium they might cause. "Agreed."
Sherlock broke away from John's lips to trail slow, gentle kisses along John's jaw towards his neck. John sighed happily, tilting his head to give Sherlock better access, gasping when he felt the wet slide of Sherlock's tongue followed by a deliberate scrape of teeth against his skin.
He had thought their partnership would end after his fall, it would have been better for them both if it had. Instead John had returned. He'd been angry, furious with Sherlock for the deception, but within a month he'd moved right back into Baker Street as if he belonged there. Sherlock hadn't expected that. He'd expected hysterics, possibly even a new enemy. Instead John had…forgiven him? Yes, Sherlock could clearly recall the sudden difference in the way John had held himself, had looked at him.
Sherlock swallowed and looked away. "I already told you that, too. You were in danger. This was a deliberate attack. An attempt would have been made on your life."
Molly no longer had romantic feelings for him, Sherlock had known that for a year. She didn't hate him either, but there was a low level resentment that left her terse and direct. Sherlock had been grateful for that, it simplified things. ...She had never stabbed him before though...she was angry...
"No, Harry, you're not," John corrected sternly. "You've got me; I'll be there for you every step of the way."
had him cornered. "Go on," he murmured, mirth twinkling in his warm blue eyes. "Don't want them to get cold, do you?"
Mary smiled when she felt the contact and for a few moments they were silent, listening to the fire crackle.
what he was doing. Sherlock knew everything, more or less. Still, the illusion of privacy gave the ex-army doctor some solace. Sometimes John snuck away to check his PO box even when he was certain there was no letter, just to get some time to himself.
John moaned softly as Sherlock's fingers continued to work on him, eventually shifting lower to rub his feet.
"Dr. Watson is a trusted associate," Sherlock said evenly. "Anything you have to say can be said in front of him."
With a jolt John realized his dilemma; the train had just begun to leave the station. If he had any chance at all of making this flight he needed to have gotten off before the train had pulled away. He stood, almost frantic, peering out the window in time to see the last of the station disappear along the side of his window. He felt his stomach clench in protest.
Sherlock shifted his gaze to the coffee table and nodded. "I did, but I had other business to attend to."
Sherlock's fingers clenched reflexively as he walked. Mycroft and he had made a game of Charing Cross's security camera system these past few weeks. When Mycroft had traced Sherlock's hacks, he'd placed more robust firewalls in place, without the knowledge of Charing Cross's administrative staff. These had actually required some effort to break through, but nothing too extraneous. The intensity of Charing Cross's security camera system's firewall increased every time Sherlock had accessed it. Regardless of Mycroft's efforts, Sherlock had never failed to access the video feed from Charing Cross's security cameras. Having them on, foolishly, gave Sherlock a sense of comfort.
"Because the ground where Mrs. Werner is buried has been soaked in blood many times," Sherlock replied grimly, almost whispering. "But not always human blood."
Sherlock turned his head away so that John wouldn't see his fleeting smile, even though John was still looking at Mary's grave. Trust John Watson to ask about his health, even after everything that had happened. "No. I was planning to take them out myself," Sherlock murmured in reply, turning his now serious expression back towards John.
Sherlock tipped his head to one side, causing some of the light from their windows to spill over John's face. "I can play modern songs as well."
A husband in the picture might change things. Not that John was considering this so he could see Mary, but even if Sean was a kind agreeable man, it would be awkward living with a couple for several reasons. John didn't really want anything to do with love at the moment. "Sean won't mind taking on a tenant?" John asked, dubious.
This was not strictly true. John was flexible, and generally open to new experiences, but that would require a vulnerability he was not ready to offer on a one night stand. He let Marcus's skin slide slowly between his teeth, his breath ghosting against the shell of Marcus's ear.
There was a break between rehearsals and the first performance of the night. Most people went to eat, or get some fresh air, or simply to stretch their legs. Sherlock, however, remained in his seat, pulled out his phone, and started to text. He attached a picture of an average looking middle aged man. Then he attached a picture of the same man, as a corpse that he had taken during his autopsy.
The ex-army doctor gave himself a little shake, and forced himself to turn around. He'd told James that a relationship would be too much for him to think about right now, and it
John forced his mind away from such maudlin topics. It wouldn't do anyone any good. Instead he forced himself to focus on Mary, and found her staring at the fireplace mantle. John followed her gaze to a picture, it was of her wedding day. She stood beside her groom with a radiant smile reminiscent of the joy he had just recollected on Harry's face. Her husband, Sean, wasn't staring at the camera, he was smiling fondly at her. He was a tall man with dirty blond hair and blue eyes.
Sherlock sighed, leaning up into the kiss, opening his mouth to John before he felt the first brush of tongue.
The cab ride home seemed unusually shaky. Or maybe that was him. The final chase of this great case had resulted in John being thrown in the Thames before Sherlock managed to overpower the criminal.
"Right, so we're leaving then?" John asked, tugging his own jacket down, and following close behind his crazy flatmate.
At length Toby veered left following a trail that wound close to many of the cages. Each time he passed a cage Toby inched close to it, only to be viciously snarled and snapped at. Toby never started or pointed, merely seeming to consider for a moment, before moving on. The rows of cages went on, and on, and on. Sherlock counted nearly three dozen dogs, and frowned. For an operation this large, Mr. Werner would need help, which meant more than one person held the key, and could be by at any time to 'care' for the animals being held here. Time was working against them in more ways than one…
make use of that gun if I tried to tell you otherwise," he confirmed before he gaze slid over to Irene, who was still with them. "Go on ahead. I'll debrief with my agents, and meet you there." He reached out and rested his hand lightly on Sherlock's good shoulder for a moment, before rising, and moving to stand beside Irene.
Travis was speaking animatedly, and while no audio came through, both John and Sherlock could see the question etched into his face.
Alex, whipped tears from his eyes, then leaned forward to hold his wife and newborn son in his arms.
Like a few things he'd seen about the apartment and about Mary, it wasn't what he had expected. The floor was covered in delicate black and white tiles, and there was a deep white tub set into the wall on the left. The toilet was to the right, and the sink directly in front of him, both unremarkable. The walls appeared to be wood, reminding John of a sauna, and the window on the far left wall was stained glass, glowing in the light from the streetlamps. It was beautiful and peaceful.
"No..." John muttered softly, his hands starting to shake. "No, no, no, no, no..." He turned the letter over in his hands, checking the front, checking the back, then checking the front again. He scrabbled for the envelope, pawing inside of it in case he had missed a page, a contact number, something, anything... He scanned the letter again, forcing himself to read every word.
Yes he wasn't ready for a relationship, but hadn't he also said he'd wanted something simple? John felt like they understood each other, what could be more simple than a kiss? He'd also said he was flattered by James's affection, and he was. It felt
John nodded. Sherlock would always be Sherlock. That was undeniable. He would have to call to remind him…
Sherlock, meanwhile had stepped away from Mr. Werner, and begun to circle the back garden, strolling casually in front of each cage. The Chow growled at him, and many of the others eyed him warily. When he reached the fifth Staffordshire Bull Terrier, a gray one with white patches on his toes and chest, Sherlock paused. The dog lay almost motionless, its hind legs tucked up in a sphinx position, and its head resting on its paws. It looked up at him through squinted eyes, then screwed it's eyes shut.
a connection here, he was sure of it! But where…? He hadn't given up on his big, and what would likely be, his final case; the spider at the center of London's web of crime.
infected. This was more than he had ever expected from the meek, shy, Molly Hooper. For the first time in many, many years he felt... afraid.
For all the great expectations placed upon him, he almost hadn't achieved his birthright. It wasn't from a lack of commitment; no he'd earned his medical degree as soon as they would let him. He'd been full of such unrealistic hopes and dreams of making a difference, while also growing his father's business. It was those very idealistic plans that had motivated him through most of his younger years that sickened him now.
been a bit rusty. When his hands were lifted so that bandages might be applied, Sherlock managed to turn his head and open his eyes.
Sherlock gasped and rocked back against John while his fingers slipped between their bodies, undoing the buttons of their trousers. Sherlock began to ease himself out of his own trousers, delayed only by John's hands, which slid over Sherlock's pants and kneaded the rounded flesh beneath them. Sherlock cried out softly and rocked between John's body and his hands, lost in sensation for a moment.
The killer lashes out again, but this time Sherlock can see it coming, and he's more than desperate to save the intended victim...
A rueful smile played across Sherlock's lips for a moment. Moriarty had tried, but in the end Sherlock had been his own worst enemy.
Two and a half hours later, they arrived at the Huddersfield morgue. A dour man of average height and build, with light brown eyes and dark blond hair was waiting for them. "Greetings Gentlemen," he began with a nod as they stepped out of the car that had brought them. "My name is Charles McGregor; I am the director of the mortuary. I understand that you come from London, with the recommendation of one Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade."
Eric shook his head. "No, thanks. I'll do it." There was a long pause before he added, quietly, "I'm worried they might call for a full investigation not only into the death of their daughter, Emily, but into the hospital in general."
Sherlock is dying, John is desperate, and they are both about to get a lot more than they bargained for.
"My offer of being flatmates still stands," James reminded him gently, telegraphing that he knew John would not be convinced to back out of his deal with Sherlock, too much was at stake. "I'm in the medical field, I'm used to 3am wake up calls."
"Keep in touch with me as best you can. I'll hold off on this for as long as possible," Eric replied, gesturing to John's letter of resignation.
John had never been a materialistic person, and in the end, everything he felt he needed fit in one large duffle, which he slung over his shoulder, and two other large bags he could carry in his hands. Traveling light had helped him move easily from place to place in the army; he never thought he'd need to use those skills to leave Sherlock... He shifted from foot to foot, testing the balance, and nodded to himself.
"Well, there's a first time for everything." She began glancing around the room herself, but in a more organized, less awed fashion. "Didn't you say your patient was coming tonight as well? Do you see her?"
"Petia Volkov, I presume?" Sherlock drawled slowly, confident that there would be no last minute escape attempts.
Sherlock leaned up and recaptured John's lips as his own fingers tugged John's shirt free and traced idle patterns against the warm skin of John's back.
love Sherlock Holmes," he insisted. The refusal was automatic and adamant. He knew it wouldn't stop people from speculating, it never had, but being honest about this part of it, to
He pulled her closer and pressed another kiss to her temple. "It's not your fault, harry. I'm just glad you're okay." John did manage to hold her at arm's length, for just a moment, before declaring, "You look great!" and pulling her back to his chest.
Two hours later they made their way into the Lion's Den, grabbed a few pints along with some food, and made themselves comfortable at a table near the back.
Standing, John smirked ruefully, and forced himself to make a cup of tea. If he was going to charge headlong into danger, as usual, he was going to have tea first. It wouldn't really help him in any significant way, but it was comforting.
I know I say thank you at the beginning of every chapter to all those who have bookmarked, subscribed, and or left comments for this story, and I really do mean it.  There's only so many ways to say it, but knowing that someone out there is reading and enjoying what I've worked on really does make my day, so I'm going to keep saying/writing it.  Thank you!  ^_^
"Let's, "John agreed, submitting his notes and shutting down the computer for the night. As they made their way down the street, side by side, John saw Mary lift her hand to cover a yawn, a gesture which illuminated her wedding ring in the light of a passing car. It flashed brilliantly, but when the glare receded, John saw it held no jewels. The sparkle came from intricate etchings in the otherwise plain band. It was thicker than most women's wedding bands, which enhanced the effect of the etchings.
"The table? Can you set the table?" Mary clarified. "This will be done soon, but if I walk away from it, it will burn."
Sherlock hummed softly, bent intently over his microscope apparently in deep concentration. It was the kind of hum you offered when you were distracted, and hoped whoever was talking to you would just go away.
Sherlock had to stay in hospital for a week before the staff, Mycroft, or John would even think about letting him go back to Baker Street. As much as John wanted him there, he wanted to do what was best for Sherlock's recovery. Sherlock had grumbled, but he hadn't been in the mood to deny John anything.
Mycroft stopped suddenly, turned pale, and it was Sherlock's turn to frown. "Mycroft?" he asked softly, taking a step towards his older brother. Mycroft spun suddenly around, causing Sherlock to flinch back. He was squeezing the paper in his hand so tightly it was crumpled, and his face looked murderous. Sherlock took a hesitant step forward and repeated his brother's name.
John couldn't tell if he was talking physically (because James' flat was to the left while 221 B was to the right) or in general. Either way he nodded. James smiled, they shook hands, and then he turned away.
," Sherlock had replied, wedging himself between Lestrade and John so that Lestrade was inside the flat and he and John were just outside. "
"Not for gunfire at this address," Sherlock sighed, draping himself over the sofa. "Not unless I call them, that is."
"Sherlock was just telling me about some old cases of his," John said. They looked at each other again; Sherlock was glaring and John was smiling unabashedly.
John fought to keep his breathing even, to retain the calm he'd so carefully put into place. Mycroft never apologized. Ever.
John blew out a short, sharp breath, and said, "Just tell me, Mike. I can make my own decisions about what I will and won't do."
"I'll let you sleep if you're tired, but we do need to talk, Sherlock." John insisted. "I love you, and we need to decide where to go from here."
"Good morning," he murmured as he pulled back, nodding towards the sofa. "Sit." Sherlock sat, already reaching for the plate he knew John would hand to him. "Eat."
John stared until he thought he might get a migraine then scrunched his eyes closed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "No," he said, sounding a bit defeated. "They look perfectly normal to me." He peeked up at Sherlock and, surprisingly, a smile was tugging at the edges of his lips. "What am I missing?"
A plate of food was set in front of him, breaking John out of his thoughts. He looked up to see the owner wink at him, before placing Sherlock's plate in front of him as well The owner wished them a good evening before hurrying off to attend to some of his other customers. John watched him go for a moment, then sighed softly a picked up his fork.
"Wrong!" Sherlock declared loudly, throwing the paper he had been reading violently down onto the floor. "Idiots!"
garden," Sherlock gushed, looking casually around. "Beautiful roses." He gently held a small yellow bud in his hand, caressing the petals. "My landlady had tried for
John attempted a glare, and failed miserably. "Don't encourage him," he groaned, gently bandaging Sherlock's wound.
John finally lifted his eyes to Sherlock's, noting again the faint bruising under the eyes and the slight gauntness to his face. John had been too confused, and then too angry to really look at Sherlock during the Holloway incident. Now worry returned unbidden, just as it had when he'd first approached Sherlock about this case. John had been angry then too, so the worry had been easy to brush off. Now though…
There was a moment of silence, then everyone was rushing past him, no longer concerned with one rouge passenger when the others were yet to be accounted for. John jerked with the suppressed impulse to join them. He wanted to, he was a doctor...but the avalanche hadn't actually hit the train, thanks to its early stop...and he still had to get to Sherlock.
"Yes, you're welcome." Sherlock paused as Harry's voice broke in again. "No, it's no imposition." His gaze slid to John's and an amused smile finally made itself known as he added, "I've broken your brother of most of his bad habits."
"Give me your hand," John instructed, reaching out to Sherlock, his voice finally taking on a softer tone.
Abruptly, Sherlock stood and adjusted his coat. "This now falls under your department, Lestrade. I will leave you to it." Without another word he strode out of the room.
"Oh don't worry," she soothed, "There's all sorts around here. Mrs. Turner, next door, has some married ones." She whispered the last bit conspiratorially.
John sighed. "Well, not always. I haven't worked for him long, and I've seen him in moments where he just seems like an incredibly intelligent unusual person…but then he opens his mouth." John grimaced, reflecting on some of his more recent memories, and the stranger winced in sympathy.
John stared morosely out the window from his chair in 221B Baker Street watching the rain fall. Today was a bad day. He had those since Sherlock fell.. two years and four months of them. His knees are drawn up and his head is resting on them.
Just as they'd heard, the house appeared to be empty. Still, Sherlock spent ten minutes examining the parameter to check for any alarms that would cut their search short. He'd paused meaningfully a few times, scanning the rooftop, the bushes, and the trees, but he'd never said anything about what he may or may not have seen.
contained a poison every iota as complex and deadly as Ms. Hooper had implied. The only thing that did not surprise him about this string of experiments, was his final test; a confirmation that he
Mycroft, or rather Mycroft's team had come barreling into the small office where Sherlock had made his discovery, taking over the site. Sherlock had been put out that it had come to that, but not as much as he would have been if he thought there was still a solid lead to follow.
"That might be a while," Sherlock interjected, striding into the room with towels and medical gloves. Having a doctor for a Dad, and Sherlock for her Papa, Laurali had learned to always keep a well-stocked medicine cabinet. "The snow's really picked up out there, and the roads are dangerous."
patients," John exclaimed, holding out Emily's obituary, and another, much older woman, by the name of Jane Morris.
Many thanks to everyone who commented on, subscribed to, and/or gave kudos to this work.  Your support means a lot to me.  ^_^
voice, and everything it said was maddening. Whirling from his microscope, Sherlock quickly drew himself to his full height. Before him stood a resolute, square shouldered man with sandy blond hair and limpid blue eyes. He was three inches shorter than average, his head only coming up to Sherlock's chin. "You're a proper beggar, then? You'll take anything you can get?"
Sherlock scanned the flat, his gaze settling on his laptop, peeking out from under a pile of documents and other papers. Nodding to himself, Sherlock strode toward the desk, brushed the papers away with a sweep of his arm, and started hacking.
Once he had returned Sherlock had surprised Lestrade in a parking garage. The older man had just lifted a cigarette to his lips and by way of greeting Sherlock had stepped out of the shadows and said, "Those things will kill you."
John's embarrassment returned with a side of guilt. Sleeping with Marcus had been one thing, but he knew damned well he was not in a good headspace for a relationship right now. Even if he was, that wasn't what Mary had offered him. She had been very clear that she was in love with her husband.
John had expected the cutesy, slightly over-done lovers act would continue the rest of the night, or as long as Sherlock found it useful. Instead, the world's only consulting detective had demurred somewhat. He hadn't sunk entirely into himself, as he was wont to do during the listless, case-less days around the flat, but he wasn't exactly putting on a show anymore. He almost seemed normal. Well, as normal as Sherlock could be, anyway. There were no biting remarks, no subtle calls for attention, and no flawless picking apart of the secrets of everyone in the room. The conversation was easy, casual, and almost pleasant. John hated himself for being dissatisfied with it. He'd clearly spent too much time with this man if Sherlock's pattern of conversation had
Mycroft had been incredibly busy lately, getting ready to go to university. Sherlock understood that it would be impractical for his brother to take the piano with him, but it would be ready for him when he chose to visit. Secretly, Sherlock hoped the piano would encourage his brother to visit more often. Music was one of the only things that made his brother smile anymore…
A tall man with trimmed black hair, light brown eyes, and rectangular spectacles waited for him, eyes trained on the phone in his hand. He was furiously texting as he looked up and smiled in greeting. Shifting the phone to one hand as he finished the text, the man extended his hand towards Sherlock in greeting.
Sherlock slogged through page after page of tediously banal employee profiles. One functioning opioid addict here, stealing from the pharmacy on a regular basis. There was also one overly ambitious resident who was already hoping to climb to the highest rank of surgeon in their class. There were a few other possible cases in the future, but mostly Sherlock was wading through endless tedium and irrelevant facts. He never rushed, however. That was an easy way to miss what you needed. Sherlock had worked cases with higher monetary value at risk, and potentially higher risk of loss of life, but this current case felt more important than many that had preceded it… It was illogical, it was unhealthy, and it very well might be the end of him, but Sherlock didn't seem to be able to rid himself of all this sentiment...and what was worse, he didn't even
a private individual… Still, there was much less physical risk to himself. Setting his mouth in a determined line, he turned to face his friend and asked, "What's his name?"
Hesitation marks and scribbles blurred almost an entire line of text before John was able to make out Alexander's writing once more. Mycroft's agent must have had much greater difficulty gathering his thoughts than normal.
"Someone you could keep there, you mean," Sherlock countered, his eyes narrowing. He had enough moving parts to deal with right now, he didn't need to keep reminding this over reaching rat of a man how powerless he really was.
Unfortunately for Sherlock, John didn't start his shift for another thirty minutes. Sherlock sighed and, for a few moments, focused his eyes on the streets around him. There were plenty of people out and about still, many subjects he could deduce if he so chose…but the last time he had attempted that he'd fallen into a case he hadn't planned for, and for reasons that had more to do with John than himself. No, better to focus inwards for now. Lestrade was still a source of regular cases, and if there was something really worthwhile going on, it wouldn't stay outside his notice for long.
James frowned, concerned, and placed a hand lightly on John's forearm. "That sounds like a scene right out of a horror film."
Sherlock's face was a mask of neutrality as he stared unseeing into the microscope, but his mind whirled with activity.
An innocent misunderstanding brings Jason and Nico face to face with something they never knew existed. Now that it has been named, curiosity tugs on their hearts and minds, driving them to embark into uncharted territory in their relationship...
John didn't waste a moment, deepening the kiss as he drew Sherlock into him. Sherlock followed the insistent pull of John's hands at his hips, until he found himself teetering on the edge of the couch. John pulled back slightly, smiling when Sherlock's mouth chased his, unwilling to be denied after so many years of wondering, of
She smiled knowingly. "Ah, of course, he's just up the stairs." She took John by the hand and guided him gently inside the building. "He rents flat B."
Resolved on his course of action, Sherlock began reviewing Charing Cross's employees. His leads had been so few that he wanted to be as thorough as possible. Any senior employee was suspect as they would have had more time to develop a grudge or vendetta against Charing Cross. Likewise the newer employees required review because, at least in the case of Mr. Wallingford, the possible nefarious actions were scarcely three months old. Senior employee or recent hire, Sherlock examined every file, practicing his profiling skills.
would they ever afford it? John's pension barely kept the two of them in the shabbiest, smallest flat he'd ever seen.
John took the papers and studied them for a moment. "Looks like the records of a live birth, healthy male baby, and the records for a stillborn birth," the good doctor's voice softened as he spoke, his sorrow at a death decades old and well beyond anyone's ability to change evident in his voice. Sherlock bit his tongue as he squashed the impulse to comment. This foolish ex-army doctor would save the whole world if he could.
Sherlock nodded and thanked her, escorted her back to the sitting room, and only just managed not to roll his eyes when the door shut behind him as he made his way back to Lestrade. The preliminaries were over at last.
"It does," John countered quickly, thinking of his recently renewed friendship with Greg. They'd met twice over the past three weeks. At first John had worried the conversation would center entirely on Sherlock and John's separation from him, but Sherlock hadn't even been alluded to. Even so, John had seen the silent questions in Greg's eyes, and the careful way in which he seemed to choose his words. "I guess I'm just excited to experience something new," John ventured.
The suspicion grew inside John like an itch, but he shoved it away. He had no proof. He wasn't Sherlock, he wasn't even a detective. He needed to let other people do their jobs, while he focused on his. He was a doctor. He healed. He didn't go around sticking his nose in places where it did not belong. If there was an obvious risk or threat to patient safety, he would be obligated to report it. Even if there was only a suspicion, but a suspicion with evidence to back it up, he should report it. This…this was nothing, a phantom. More likely than not it was a misguided effort by his subconscious to find a case and restore a sense of normalcy. Giving in to the urge would not help, he need to allow time for himself to adjust to this new…normal.
John realized that he still hadn't spoken. He licked his lips, an old nervous habit, and straightened. Yes, he was in love with Sherlock, desperately in love with him, but all he was asking for was his friendship. He'd made no demands of Sherlock, asked for nothing that Sherlock couldn't give. "What does that have to do with me checking your injuries?"
," James replied with a small chuckle. Even the most routine autopsy was time consuming. "But we did work well together." He shrugged. "It felt like we'd worked together before."
he! It was one thing to push John's buttons, to drag him headlong into the middle of complex and bewildering situations in the name of a case, to keep him up for days to be a proper witness to the miserable state that was humanity (in Sherlock's mind anyway), but what Sherlock was doing now served no other purpose than self-destruction. Was this supposed to make his case for him, that even he wasn't safe from ravages of a world gone mad? John huffed indignantly, quickening his pace. That didn't prove anything except that Sherlock had wrapped his own misery around himself like a shield!
John snorted derisively. "No wonder; who cares about the two hundred and forty types of tobacco ash."
Greg nodded, his expression equally grim. "Go then, they need you. It's a good thing we never got around to ordering drinks."
John's eyebrow arched towards his hairline as the waiter complimented Sherlock's taste and turned away. "Come here often?"
John looked over his shoulder at him and narrowed his eyes. "Right. I'm done trying to comfort you now." He stood, wrapped the blanket around him for warmth and grabbed himself a sandwich.
"It's only a planning scrapbook of sorts, it won't do any harm." As he spoke Sherlock's gaze was fixed on the letter John he'd in his hands.
"I can't blame you after Sherlock just brushed you off like that. He sounds like a real beast when he's mad.
Thank you to everyone who has read, commented on, and/or given kudos to this story.  Your support is much appreciated.  ^_^
"Come, John," Sherlock replied, in a much calmer tone, from the second floor. The ex-army doctor rolled his eyes and moved up the stairs to join his crazy flatmate. He found the world's only consulting detective, hunched over a computer in what appeared to be a home office, typing furiously at the keyboard. John leaned over his shoulder, pressing in close so that he could see. There was no danger of making Sherlock uncomfortable, he was too focused on his work, and he didn't seem to have any need for personal space.
The man seemed undeterred as his extended hand returned to his side, and his other slipped the phone into his suit jacket pocket. "No, I am Marcus Oylear, his assistant. Unfortunately Mr. Murphy was unavoidably delayed. Much must be handled since the untimely demise of Mr. Wallingford. He sent me to collect you, however. He has a twenty minute window before his lunch meeting."
John leaned in to kiss her cheek and replied, "Thank you, love. We noticed when we set our bags down."
It had been a long time since anyone had even insinuated that he was dating someone who wasn't Sherlock, and equally as long since he'd considered dating anyone else. He'd learned a lot about Mary in the past few weeks, and he was certain he'd only scratched the surface. She was beautiful, intelligent, loyal, and kind, all qualities he admired.
Sherlock sighed, long and loud, expelling all the air from his lungs as he scanned the table in front of him. The pills scattered across the table were most definitely killing him. Ironically, they had been the only things keeping him alive these past two decades...
Fredrick stood and met his gaze once more. "Right this way, Sir." His tone was still soft, and now John could detect a hint of sympathy in it. That sympathy made him angry. It wouldn't help him, and it wouldn't help his sister. He knew, intellectually, that it was kindly meant, but it felt suffocating. He wished Sherlock were here to deduce this too-well-put together orderly within an inch of his life.
under his slides, and studied them as well. Sherlock hmmed' to himself and reached to a thin pipette, sprinkling a few drops of water onto his slide, stirring it gently, then adjusting the focus of the microscope once more.
John gapped after him, appalled at his lack of empathy. Still, he knew he had to follow. He stood as well, and looked sympathetically and Mr. and Mrs. Wolfram/Volkov. "Good luck to you both," he said quietly. "I hope you are able to put this incident behind you, once and for all."
. "Nothing we need to be ashamed to have on our browser history, I hope," John said, biting into the first scallop. The bastard was right, as usual; the food was perfect.
Sherlock stood and dared to take a step forward. "That is the next step, but it is still not enough. We can narrow it down to likely suspects, but I need more data to narrow the field to one."
Sherlock, however, had already pushed past John, and down the stairs. Lestrade rolled his eyes and sighed, staring up at the ceiling for a long moment as though praying for patience. At last he looked over at John, and smiled apologetically. "I'm sorry. It's nothing against you; it seems like breaking protocol is his favorite pastime."
"Not yet," John protested, easing a third finger inside of Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his hips, gasping and pleading with John until he finally withdrew his fingers and opened the condom. John spread lube over his cock before pulling the condom down over it, applying more lube. At last he positioned himself at Sherlock's entrance, looking up into Sherlock's flushed face as he began to push inside. Sherlock wrapped his legs around John's waist, urging him on.
"No," Sherlock breathed, and John winced in sympathy before bending to his task. He was grateful that he'd thought to ask James for these supplies several weeks ago—before the kiss. Sherlock had needed IV solution for…something, and John had seized the opportunity to grab a little extra, along with some injectable fever reducer. It did nag his conscience, but James had always allowed him to assist around the morgue when he needed things for Sherlock. …That probably wouldn't be an option anymore…
murder was the person closest to the victim. The lover, the parent, the best friend; all were incalculable liabilities.
Before he had a chance to second guess himself Sherlock turned in his arms.  John looked up and met a smiling pair of blue/gray eyes.
"Lingering would have only raised suspicion," Sherlock asserted, not bothering to clarify when John looked at him, bewildered. At last John shook his head and stared out the window, surrendering to whatever whim or clue was driving Sherlock to be so cryptic. Entering into a battle of wills with Sherlock, he'd learned the hard way, was only an exercise in frustration.
John smirked as he turned to face his husband. "True, but you do act like it most of the time." Before Sherlock could respond, the good doctor continued down the hall with every intent of delivering water to his patient. Reluctantly, and with a full pout on his face, Sherlock followed.
"Jesus, Sherlock, are you going to clean this up? I can barely move around in here, and I didn't sign on to be your bloody housekeeper!"
John caught sight of Sherlock's lanky frame bending into a cab, and rushed forward to catch him. "New Scotland Yard," they said together, once they were seated. Only John thought to add, "please." Lestrade could bring the final justice to this case, with the proof they had to offer him.
Mottled bruising covered his beautiful face, the bandages and stuttered breathing indicated broken ribs on his right side, his left leg was in a cast up to his knee, and his left wrist was wrapped tightly in an ace bandage-if it wasn't broken it was very badly sprained.
"Bruising she would have sustained, when grabbed just like this," Sherlock demonstrating by reaching behind Mr. McGregor and closing his hand tightly around the back of his neck. Mr. McGregor's shoulders hunched in surprise and self-defense as Sherlock straightened, forcing him to stand on his toes.
Lestrade had not been expecting them, but neither was he surprised by their sudden appearance. Sherlock had been making himself a nuisance at the New Scotland Yard too long for it to
Wiggins sucked in a breath, then sighed. Something was bothering him. "What made you want to cook this spider, anyway?" Sherlock shot him a sharp, sidelong glance, and he rushed to continue, "I just mean that a pressure cooker can be dangerous. Too much pressure an' the thing'll explode."
Thank you also to my flatmate, sounding board, and own personal Sherlock, Geoff. (You have no idea how often I hijack a conversation with him to work out the finer details of a plot. ^_^)
"Stop it," John insisted in a disbelieving, breathy voice. He repeated himself more firmly. "Just stop it, Sherlock. You don't get to do this, not now. Stop it."
Sherlock nodded. Mary's memory and observation were as sharp as he thought they were. "Only under duress." He confessed. "Lestrade called me to investigate the possibility of murder, unfortunately it was just bad business. That's all I could find at the time anyway."
be at ease with those letters out there?!" their client hissed, standing. "This is unacceptable, Mr. Holmes!"
John nodded. "Mary, he was worse than a whole room full of hecklers. It was an endless diatribe against the script, the acting, the premise, the set, everything."
Mycroft rolled his eyes, but Sherlock could see the amusement in them. "This isn't a conversation we need to finish today, but I do hope you'll start returning my calls."
It was John's turn to glare at his impossible flatmate. Still, if this was going to be a case, it was important for him to pay attention. That and the fastest way to get Sherlock moving was to play along. "Fireman's carry ,probably. I'd lean it on the railing if I could, to control the extra weight, so that I wasn't at any risk of falling over too."
who had gotten him into this mess in the first place. Life was never this crazy without him. "I need my phone," Sherlock explained, his voice unusually quiet.
John's expression hardened further, rebuffing any tenderness Greg's words had contained. "And I'm supposed to, what? Forgive him? Just like that?"
John nodded, remembering the chaos that Harry's wedding hand entailed She'd looked so happy that day... She certainly wasn't happy now. She'd left Clara, who still loved her, and had been with her through so many hardships. And she was still drinking, killing herself a sip at a time.
Greg looked thoughtful for a moment, then said, "You know, the medical examiner has looked over the scene already, but it wouldn't hurt to have a second opinion. This is quite an unusual case."
The ex-army doctored rolled his eyes helplessly at the sky and muttered, "Right behind you," before scrambling up and in.
Laurali opened the door of 221 B Baker Street and smiled warmly at her parents. "Dad! Papa! Welcome! Come in, come in, it's freezing outside."
"Don't be a baby, I only scratched you," Molly scoffed tossing a plaster at him. "I'm not John, I can't pull you out of your bloody mind palace on a whim. I tried shaking you, but you wouldn't come round. I would have let you stew there all day, but your visitor is very insistent."
"Hm?" Sherlock looked over at John, then followed John's gaze to his arm and shrugged. "I cut myself against one of the branches when we were running."
Laurali leaned into Alex's hand and closed her eyes. "Darling," he began, warm affection evident in her voice, "nothing goes according to plan. You just have to learn to roll with the punches." Laurali had always had a greater tolerance for the unexpected than her husband. John and Sherlock suspected that this was because of the loss of his own parents, so early in his life; Laurali had never remembered any other parents but Sherlock and John.
"Technically inaccurate," Sherlock murmured. He fell silent when John's face started to curl into an ugly scowl.
John's frown was giving him a headache now, but he didn't care. He'd only just started to try to carve out some sense of normalcy with this job, and now he had to give it up. Mycroft had been adamant, so had Greg, and even Sherlock had dared to text him that Charing Cross was no longer safe for him. He didn't like it, but John knew he couldn't avoid the truth: There was a serial killer out to get him, and he'd only make himself an easy target if he kept working at Charing Cross. That was why, after returning to the flat for a shower and a change of clothes, he'd typed up his letter of resignation and went right back out again to deliver it in person. He was reasonably certain that Mycroft was having him tailed, despite John's vehement protests, but ultimately that was the least of his worries. Right now he had a case that needed solving, and then…
Mrs. Hudson chuckled softly, tilting the nose of the watering can towards the soil. It wasn't much water, the roses hardly needed it living in London, but there was a strong plant food mixed in that her roses desperately needed. "I can just imagine."
"You do what you need to do, and keep me posted," Mary instructed, sounding less concerned now, and more focused. "I'll have breakfast waiting for you when you get home."
John lay down on his bed with an exhausted, but contented, sigh, pulled the covers over himself, and waited for sleep to come.
John finished prepping the tea, and went to re-join their guest. He seemed to have re-gained a bit of his color, and thanked John as he passed him a mug. "There's some sort of rational explanation for this, right?" Mr. Brenton asked in a half whisper. "There has to be, there just
Sherlock's eyes flittered down to the black backpack resting at John's feet. He'd taken more than just this bottle, and the tremor in his fingers said that John was unsettled by how easy it had been to steal the evidence. It had been almost second nature, which had reminded him of Sherlock…
John paused; mentally reviewed his work schedule, then nodded. "Yes, and I should be able to give you an answer by then."
John took another long sip of tea before answering. The readers of his blog always accused him of making up these conversations. He wondered if he should start videotaping them... At length he replied, "I suppose I would climb over the railing first, turn around so that I could see what I was doing, then jump off."
John had just enough time to pull on his jacket and calculate his rout past a sandwich shop before his phone buzzed again.
with Mycroft. The elder Holmes brother had become quite the pest over the years. A month after Sherlock had fallen, they'd had an outrageous row; John had threatened to shoot Mycroft-and he would have too-if that sneaky bastard removed so much as a single article of Sherlock's clothing. It was a petty and unnecessary row. It would've made Sherlock proud.
John rand his fingers over the paper of the letter, bemused. Fun. Harry thought John's mad chases around London and being thrown into the thick of it with little or no explanation from Sherlock, not even accounting for the eyes in the freezer or the thumbs in the fridge was
"It's fine. There are worse pains." Sherlock looked away, towards the street and John could see the muscles of his throat working as he swallowed. "Our ride will be here soon."
The way he gripped her and her lack of self-confidence, made obvious by her lack of reflective gear when walking the dogs would be evidence enough for an unhealthy relationship, but the way her eyes darted quickly to his face and down to the street whenever his gait pushed her against him confirmed it.
John didn't dignify Mycroft with a reply. Yes, Sherlock was still a big part of his life. One could even argue that Sherlock was a somewhat consuming part of his life, but no more so than when he had been alive.
"That's still no reason not to play," Sherlock insisted, righting the pieces. "You are improving... marginally."
Mycroft regarded him with a patronizingly bored expression. John thought it was time to change that. He began advancing on the elder Holmes brother, slowly.
Sherlock, who was also laughing, leaned forward and whispered, "It's not even real. Her husband is cheating on her. The real jewelry goes to the mistress."
Turning, John made his way quickly towards the closet by the loo. It was a bit of a mess in there, but the supplies were actually there, as opposed to being in the oven or whatever else seemed to make sense to Sherlock most of the time. John gathered them up and stepped into the sitting room, halting when he saw Sherlock, using his injured hand, his good one was still gripping his injured forearm tightly, to clear a space on the coffee table. He looked up a moment later and leaned back, not bothering to comment on, or explain his actions.
callous, but John had never yet seen him be cruel. It made him wonder about the history of his unusual benefactor. What had happened to him that shaped him into what he was today?
Mycroft nodded graciously. "It was no trouble. It really is the best situation for her right now. I will keep you informed when other options become available."
Sherlock eyed him thoughtfully. "You really did come here to avoid a scandal. The money she wants will hardly break your bank, but the thought of her becoming a leech, and the thought of trying to come out with the truth galls your sense of dignity." He sneered the last word, making it plain that dignity was the last thing he thought his client capable of. "But you still haven't told me how I can help you. Plenty of persons have claimed to be related to nobility over the years, and even the ones that were telling the truth were hardly believed. This threat should be a rumor beneath your notice. Why would
John frowned for a moment, then smiled a bit when he realized James was referencing, and possibly making a joke about his own more than friendly feelings for the ex-army doctor. They'd not really talked about their
Ms. Wallingford placed her hand in the crook of Sherlock's arm and he lead her from the room before her brothers could properly form a protest. Lestrade met them outside and ushered them into another room five doors down and to the left.
John looked up, scanned the train, but nothing seemed to be out of place. This had to be Sherlock! Right? He glanced down as another text came through, not from Mrs. Hudson this time, but from...an airline?
The corner of Sherlock's cupid's bow lips quirked upwards in something that was part smirk and part sneer. He strode forward, and as John did not back away, or even flinch; they were inches apart in moments. "Then take this message back to the Yard with you. I don't have
John gasped and clenched his hands in the bed sheets, his eyes flittered over Sherlock's prone form, lingering on his splayed legs. At that moment, John wished Sherlock wasn't so infuriatingly tall, there was no way he could reach far enough to grasp his remarkably plump arse. Still, there were other things he could do. John leaned down and pressed a wet, open mouthed kiss to the hollow of Sherlock's hip. Sherlock jolted at the unexpected sensation, but quickly calmed, pushing up into John's mouth. John smirked, scraping his teeth over the skin in front of him.
John grimaced and shook his head. "I'm sorry. I've forgotten my manners completely today. Yes, I'm not in practice right now, but I'm a doctor. Dr. John Watson." He stopped next to the stranger and shook his hand.
A slow, lazy smile curled on John's lips as he reach out and gently lifted Sherlock's jaw into place. His eyes darkened at the contact, and his fingers lingered in a light but possessive caress. "You have to know I've wanted you for years now," John continued, his voice growing rough with something other than anger.
John's lips slid back over Sherlock's neck and jaw to his lips, pressing against them and their tongues met once more in a sensual dance. Sherlock pulled John's tie free, before his long fingers eased John's shirt and jacket slowly over his shoulders and down his arms.
The room was silent. Silent for long enough that Sherlock concluded Mike and the man he'd brought with him would leave
John's breath caught in his throat as he read, wanting to be there for his sister. She had only written this yesterday.. . Should he still go to Switzerland? To visit? He wanted to fix this, but addiction is a chronic disease, and its treatment requires the active participation of those afflicted.
A small, slow smirk curled on the driver's lips as he pulled open the back door for John to get in. "Took you long enough to notice," he murmured and John bundled in while he closed the door. John buckled himself in and tried to steady his breathing. This was just like any other case. He was diving headlong into a dangerous and complex situation he barely understood, only this time he was doing it without Sherlock...
Sherlock smiled and leaned down to nip lightly at his blogger's ear.  "That's nothing to be embarrassed about," he murmured.
Lestrade strode through the crowd. Looking unimpressed and irritated. He paused in front of them taking in the scene. He glared young men holding Dan down before shifting his gaze to Sherlock. "Sherlock, what have you done?"
When he felt like he could speak again, John pulled away and murmured. "We still need to cut the cord, and deliver the placenta."
The orderly shrugged. "Vitals are stable, but he's been unusually restless, and we thought it would be best to move the med consult, given how hard he is to sedate when he gets psychotic."
an opioid overdose, Anna would flail, and could hit someone as she woke. John watched as the needle went in, and held his breath as the paramedic pushed the plunger down.
Sherlock's mouth dropped open, not far, but enough to communicate the disbelief coursing through his veins.
A long arm snaked around John's shoulders, and pulled him flush against the chest of the world's only consulting detective. "We'll be there soon," Sherlock murmured, for the cabbies benefit, glaring menacingly down at John.
When Sherlock had been examined and his bones set, he was settled into a private room at St. Bart's for 'observation.' Sherlock groused at the idea of staying in the hospital, but John was in no mood to be argued with. John's hands needed some light bandages for the abrasions he suffered in his mad dash to make sure Sherlock was still alive, but he, like Sherlock, was utterly unrepentant about his injuries.
John grit his teeth and clenched his fists reflexively. He'd heard over the phone that his sister's condition was not good; it must have gotten worse in the hours it had taken him to get here.
Laurali flopped back against her husband when the contraction ended, sucking in great lungfuls of air. "Fuuuuck!" she groaned.
John suppressed the urge to chuckle inappropriately at Alexander's abrupt shift in topics, the way he made light of his injuries, and his obsessive overanalyzing. Sherlock appeared to be jumping out at John from every line, and he found it immensely endearing. Try as he might, the good doctor found reminders of the world's only consulting detective everywhere he looked. John didn't think he could stop that impulse any more than he could stop the sun from rising... That might be just as well. Perhaps he just needed to let the reminders come, and to cope with them when they did.
Miss. William's eyes were wide, taking in the spectacle before her as she delicately placed her book on a side table, and sat up a little straighter to meet her visitors. She swallowed, licked her lips, and brought her gaze up to meet Sherlock's. "Mr. Holmes," she began, her voice somewhat strained. "Please tell me you haven't been excavating...
They turned and made their way inside. They made it to the examination room in one piece, but John nearly had to trip Sherlock to keep him from brushing Mr. McGregor aside. The ex-army doctor had to bite the inside of his lip to keep himself from smiling at Sherlock's childlike energy; he was always this way about a case, but smiling would only encourage him.
asking Mycroft for professional favors. Not because Mycroft wouldn't gladly assist him, but because he knew they were both proud of their work, and wanted to succeed on their own merits. … Still…this might actually be the best option for Laurali. Otherwise she was likely to spend the night at the hospital… He let out a long sigh, and nodded his assent. "Yes, fine, okay." He turned and pointed an accusing finger at John, "When we have things settled I want her back in one piece."
"Why?!" John asked, struggling mightily not to laugh. Sherlock's grin was infectious, and, even though it was a bit not good, it
Every symptom Sherlock detected indicated something cataclysmic was brewing, at least in the eyes of Mr. Wallingford. Setting the video archives aside, Sherlock shifted his focus to business files. This laptop had not been Mr. Wallingford's work computer, but much of his work could be found here regardless. Just like the 'filing room' the computer held a thin veneer of normality, that Sherlock was itching to shatter.
John lounged in his chair at 221 B, perfectly happy for the first time in over three years. Sherlock was home, and everything was right with his world, or getting there anyway.
"Why did you leave medical practice to start working for him in the first place?" James asked, leaning forward slightly to pick up his sandwich.
A few relatively quiet days bled into a week, and John was beginning to sympathize with Sherlock about the lack of cases. He had been informed, by Greg, Mrs. Hudson, and Sherlock that cases could come hard and fast, even before John's entrance into 221 B, but that did nothing to help him now. An entire week with no one but Sherlock for company was driving him up a wall. If he wasn't experimenting, he was sawing away on his violin, or finding some other way of making John's life miserable. At least he hadn't tried to shoot the wall again.
Once Sherlock had returned with the necessary supplies, John tied off the umbilical cord and handed the scissors to Alex, who severed the cord with trembling fingers.
and he had meant it. Exerting himself to stretch out his hand, John met Sherlock's steely blue/gray eyes with determination. "You have a deal."
John nodded, thankful for the other man's patience and kindness. When everything was all said and done... he'd consider it. He still had Harry to think about, after all. Reaching forward, he set his mug down on the coffee table. The gesture upset his jacket, which he'd hung over the corner of the sofa, causing the pictures his sister had sent him to spill from the envelope of her letter, and onto the floor. John scrambled to pick them up.
John's expression hardened menacingly, and his gaze slowly turned to take in Frederick, who finally looked properly chagrined. "They told me you had relapsed, that you were in a coma." John thrust an accusatory finger at Frederick, "
A hand fell on his and squeezed gently. John looked up into Mary's face. She was still smiling, but it was more subdued now. He could see through the windows they were fast approaching their destination. "Are you ready?" she asked.
The steps creaked under the extra weight as John made his way down them, but he stayed focused on the task in front of him. One foot in front of the other, find a decent but not too expensive hotel, and then...no. He had to think one step at a time, or John knew he might not make it out of the flat tonight, and he most definitely could not stay..
John put the letter down and sighed, almost hating himself for wanting to write back as badly as he did. Was he that lonely? Then again, how lonely must Alexander be? John knew it was easy to trust someone faceless and sympathetic... but if he just kept to irrelevant details, especially concerning himself, where would the harm be. Also, Alexander had put himself out there, a little. If what he said was true, John and Mycroft may be the only two people who knew Alexander was still alive.
Mr. Williams shot Sherlock and John more than a few curious looks when they knocked on his door, still smeared with soot and dirt from their search, but when they asked to see his daughter he ushered them inside without another word.
On the other hand, he had gotten a small thrill out of slipping the tracking device into Ms. Adeline's pocket. It had probably been a small fraction of what Sherlock himself felt as a case drew to a close and, once again, John found himself caught up in the excitement. Enjoying things like that made him uneasy, because everything felt like a slippery slope around his crazy flatmate, as though one wrong step would bring all of Sherlock's terrible predictions to bear.
Sherlock nodded, his smile spreading into a grin. "It arrived just this morning, sooner than I had expected. I'm hoping it can help settle something between us."
Mary opened her mouth to protest, but John was already reaching for his wallet and asking how much. Mary sighed softly and offered no further protest, reaching into the basket to select a bright, white rose. She brought it to her nose and inhaled. The scent was faint, which made sense. At this time of year it was probably a hot house flower, but the smell was still there. When she opened her eyes John was standing in front of her smiling, and the woman with the basket had moved on. "Thank you," she said softly, reaching out to accept the arm he was offering her. Mary was far from a traditional woman, she didn't need to be escorted by anyone, but the smile on John's face was infectious, and she was pleased to see him so happy.
As John had begun to regain his equilibrium, he'd needed less and less supervision, and he'd come around less and less often. In the past six months, he'd dropped by exactly three times. Each time John had come in the last six months, Molly had all but handed over entire autopsies to John. Even then, he'd only come on the very worst days, when he felt his grief would drown him. It had been almost a month since John had been to the morgue at all, and he'd thought he was
John nodded solemnly. "I'll see that it's ordered right away." He assured them both that they could remain in the lounge as long as they needed to, and that they could also flag down a nurse in the next twenty minutes if they wanted to spend anytime saying goodbyes before Mrs. Morris was transferred to the morgue. They both nodded and thanked him. As quietly as he could manage, John left the room.
John smiled fondly, despite himself. "And the eyes in the microwave." For the love of everything sacred John never suspected he would ever miss
They said their goodbyes to each other, and John watched Nikki walk away, a contented smile on her face. John was glad her prognosis was good, and that she had someone helping her. Her injury could have been career ending if it had been worse, or seriously undermined the work she'd already put in if someone wasn't willing to hold her place.
Petia paused for a moment, making a steeple his fingers and looking thoughtfully at the floor. "There are, in all countries and organizations, unsavory people. It was my hope, in working for the KGB to protect my own people from this, as much as possible. You can imagine my distress when I found corruption in my own people so close to myself. I worked with many fine officers over the years, good men, but my last commanding officer…was not one of them. The things he asked me to do, Mr. Holmes, I could not stomach." He looked up then, evenly meeting Sherlock's unrelenting gaze he said, "I will not hurt innocent people."
Sherlock stood, adjusted his suit, and used a small kerchief to dab the blood from his cheek. It wouldn't conceal the injury, but that was to his advantage. A visible mark would certainly win Mrs. Wallingford's sympathy and, more importantly, it would help soften the younger brother, Nathan.
Sherlock leaned back lazily in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. "Tell me about Mr. Wallingford. About his illness, and what happened after." he heard the creak of Mr. Murphy's chair as he forced himself to sit down.
Cool fingers against his cheek started him out of his memories before they could fully take hold. Mary's calm, sympathetic gaze held his for a moment before she spoke. "We all make mistakes, John," Mary assured him, "It's how we respond to them that defines our character."
A sick, cold feeling settled in John's stomach alongside a growing sense of unease. It was almost too convenient... Sherlock had been working a case he wouldn't tell him about, just as a system it would probably take a genius to foul up goes wrong in just the right way to separate them...
John's frown deepened. "I'm glad you woke up so quickly. They still want to keep you overnight for observation, though."
The memory made John smile and he wiped a hand over his mouth in an attempt to hide it. He'd sat in awe as Sherlock had detailed his deductions and subsequent capture of the killer. When the story was done John hadn't wanted to go straight to bed. He dawdled over the pieces, running his fingers over a knight when Sherlock moved a pawn, loudly clacking it down of the surface of the board. John had glanced up amused and surprised to find a challenge on Sherlock's face.
John let out a long, slow sigh. "Maybe he thinks he can get away with cigarettes, but if he tries anything else recreationally the Detective Inspector he works with most often will make it difficult for him to work cases."
They searched every book in the study, the living room, and the bedroom to no result, so Sherlock returned to the study to hack Mr. McAndrew's computer. "I would have thought any record he kept would be hand written," Sherlock mused, booting up the expensive computer. "He's an old-fashioned sort of person, and hand-written things tend to add to sentiment, for those who are so disposed to such nonsense."
"Okay," Sherlock breathed, swallowing hard when John finally released him. He made to turn around, but John saved him the trouble, turning the chair around manually. "You said-"
"Six years. I've been on the suppressants successfully for ten years." John's hand was gently rubbing Sherlock's legs now, trying to ease the tension out of him, and it was working faster than Sherlock was comfortable with.
trade agreement had gone missing from the master vaults of the prime minister. At first Mycroft had been
John glanced over at his flatmate and smiled slowly. "Yeah, he's pretty special." Sherlock huffed in what John perceived to be mock indignation and strolled back into the living room to review his case requests.
Sudden movement from the street below caught John's attention. A man in an expensive and immaculately tailored suit was stepping out of a shimmering black Bentley. John's chest wrenched painfully when he realized that the timing of Mycroft's delivery of this last letter was no happy accident; Mycroft had been waiting around for him in that stupid car so that he could deliver the letter in person as soon as John arrived home. He might even have had something to do with John getting off work early.
"I scrambled down the hill and turned the body over. It was another student, given the books strewn on the ground not far from him. I checked his legs and found two puncture marks just above his right ankle. Adders, as you know, aren't usually fatal, but this was a bad bite, and he was showing signs of an acute allergic reaction. I called campus security and he was immediately taken to hospital."
Harry had groused at him and curled up into a miserable ball on her bed, but John had persisted in his good cheer. He'd let her sleep three-quarters of the day away, and made her chicken soup for dinner. She had insisted, petulantly, that she was not a child, but she'd eaten everything he'd portioned out for her. John had again repeated that Harry was free to research any residential addiction treatment center that she wanted, and if she found one she liked, he would pay for everything.
Sherlock found himself tilting his head, opening himself to John, shivering as John's kissing, nipping, and sucking moved to the column of his neck. Sherlock groaned softly when John's tongue pressed firmly into the glands at the base of his neck. He felt the scrape of teeth and his fingers flexed in the fabric of John's shirt, waiting for the bite... But John's lips grew soft again, planting gentle kisses around the glands them moving slowly over Sherlock's Adam's apple to the other side of his neck.
When John finally turned back towards Mary he found her smiling at him, looking amused. "I take it you've never been here before?"
"Can you hear me?" John nearly jumped again, because, thanks to the ear piece, Sherlock's voice was directly in his ear.
Sherlock heaved a shuddering breath but still did not reply. John lifted a syringe, which he had filled with a local anesthetic, cursing himself for finding it
John stared down at his flatmate in shock. He didn't doubt that Sherlock responded with an argument to Harry's letter of thanks, because of his insufferable need to be right. If he had tried to help her it was likely because of his arrogance and his need to keep John in check for their little contest of wills. That should have colored John's gratitude, but it didn't. For the first time his sister wasn't arguing about the treatment she was getting, or claiming to know everything. She really seemed to be putting herself out there, and Sherlock appeared to have helped her, perhaps in ways that John was unable to. John leaned forward and wrapped his arms around Sherlock's slim shoulder's. "Thank you."
, Ms. Hooper." He spat the word contemptuously, counting the seconds until his obligatory dance was concluded.
losing a case, and, John quietly suspected he was also galled by the idea of the young woman they had just met falling prey to the menace that was Charles McAndrew.
Sherlock nodded, pleased, and his hands came up to assume his thinking pose. "It's important to watch all the angles of a pressure cooker. If any of the seals break loose the meat won't cook through."
James nodded slowly. "I understand," and his tone made John think that he really did understand all of it.
Sherlock stopped and looked pointedly over his shoulder. At length, John sighed, defeated and waved his hands for the younger man to continue. "Go on, we all know you're about to be brilliant."
Alex smiled warmly, and pulled his wife to her feet. She kissed him once, and then shuffled off down the hall. Alex looked after her a moment before sliding into the chair she had vacated. Leaning towards his Uncles in a conspiratorial manner, Alex asked, "So, are there any more cases on the horizon for you two?"
"I recently left a position at a surgery, in order to start my own practice," he confided with a sly grin.
John leaned back against the park bench and sighed. His sister was getting out of detox in three days, and he still hadn't found a residential treatment center she'd be willing to go to. He hated that hopeless, empty look in her eyes…
John considered for a moment as he watched London start to speed past them. "I don't think I've heard of it."
"Mary's got her," Sherlock assured him. "She made sure Harry was transferred to St. Thomas Hospital, so that she couldn't be used as leverage either."
"Did he really?" Mary asked with a wry smile, which John couldn't help but return. Sherlock had forever warped his sense of humor.
A knock at the door broke his train of thought. John stood quickly and wiped his face. Whatever happened he was still a soldier; he could pull himself together if need be.
A small, reserved smiled curled the edges of her lips, and Sherlock knew he had pleased her. Good. She was so shy she wasn't likely to say anything if she wasn't comfortable.
make this worse than it already is!" Lestrade growled, dragging Sherlock towards his car. "I owe you for your help in the past, but God help me, I have no idea what I'm going to do about this, or if I should even help you!"
John pushed playfully at Sherlock's shoulder, but he did not let go of Sherlock's waist with his other hand so the movement was largely ineffective. They had been reunited for a few months now, and things were definitely not the same. In John's opinion they were better. His old bedroom had been converted for storage, leaving the rest of the flat marginally less cluttered. Sherlock and he were back to working cases, though only marginally, as Nikki was still not cleared to return to work. John had talked with Sherlock about his commitment to Nikki, and many other things that had occurred during their separation. As far as John could tell, Mycroft's presumptions about Sherlock's feelings and actions, had been more or less correct.
"Oh, I'm sure someone will, one of these days," James reassured him with an airy smile. Then, he glanced down at the picture he still held of Harry's roses. "These really are beautiful," he commented, handing the glossy print back to the ex-army doctor.
All the sassy comments Sherlock could think of died on his lips. He swallowed as John's steady blue gaze held his once again. For such a soft hearted doctor, he went right to the point... "Yes, absolutely. Modern medicine and my own experiments can do nothing to alleviate my situation." Sherlock's lips quirked in a fleeting smile. "It's a lifelong condition."
John pushed open the door to the staff room. It was a time of day that was normally very busy, so he wasn't surprised find the room empty, except for a familiar lanky body sat in one of the chairs in the corner. Sherlock was dressed in light pink scrubs which accented the paleness of his skin and the darkness of his hair. Sherlock was bent over his phone and the light from the windows encased his figure in a soft glow. John's step faltered just as Sherlock looked up. He'd always felt Sherlock was good looking, even beautiful, but this scene almost seemed orchestrated to remind him.
"It's fine, Mr. Watson. I'm used to much worse with that one handing around." She look up meaningfully, and John was utterly perplexed by the fond smile that graced her features. How could
This, finally, seemed to reach John. He took several deep breaths, and adjusted his stance, trying to release the tension that had been building. He breathed loudly through his nose, and seemed to be fighting the urge to pace again. "I want to go home," he said at last, "and I don't want to think about that sodding wanker, ever again." John's frown deepened. "But I have to speak to Nikki about him, she's trusting him with her career, and it's going to blow up in her face."
"Exactly, " John continued, cutting Sherlock off. "Defend. This works best with a physical threat, but I made it work for my job. I convinced myself that the omegas under my care were injured, most of them were to one extent or another, and that mating would irreparably hurt them. I drilled that reality into my head over and over again until nothing else could be true. Toys were safe, naturally, because the omega could control how big, how fast, and how hard. And I did have to touch them to assess them, but only light touches."
Over the course of the night John learned that Nikki was a violinist and was very concerned about her injury affecting her playing once it was healed. John had reviewed her x-rays with her personally and assured her that while the fractures were severe, and may at one point require surgery, that she should be able to make a full recovery. She was young and strong, and both of those things would work in her favor. John had reviewed the recovery time she could expect while in a cast, and afterwards. He had noted the benefits of physical therapy, and discussed pain management techniques that could be helpful if surgery was needed.
"It might not work," Sherlock replied, turning his head to meet John's gaze. Sherlock's fingers tightened over John's as a wave of possessiveness welled up inside him.
Although she had stopped calling him 'Johnny', her voice was even more that of a little girl. The wounded little girl who hadn't had the kind of love and support she'd desperately needed; the kind of parents who would do
The nobleman nodded vigorously. "Yes, yes, I can see that." He reached into his pocket then, and produced a slim white business card, which Sherlock accepted without examining. "Please, call me if you have any news, any news at all."
When he finally arrived at the self check out station, the chip and pin machine was malfunctioning. That thought shouldn't make him smile, but it did. He was standing there, in the middle of Tesco's with an idiotic, poignant smile on his face.
, Sherlock!" he roared. "Sod you, and sod this stupid piano, too!" As he turned, Mycroft grasped the edge of the piano in one hand, and wrenched his arm away from the wall. Like Sherlock, he was strong, and the movement caused the upright piano to topple to the floor, crushing the bench beneath it. A jarring cord echoed through the house as Mycroft stormed from the living room.
Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut for a moment and murmured, "After periods of sustained, high dosage use, protracted tolerance develops. Tolerance should diminish over time, but can still remain remarkably high depending on individual body chemistry." He blinked his eyes open to see that John's amused smile had returned.
Sherlock shrugged. "More or less. He absolutely refused to be put off. Thankfully, he didn't get in the way of my work."
John's mouth fell open in disbelief. He needed no convincing that Sherlock was skilled at manipulation, but this was beyond the pale. "Just like that? She's just going to
How long had it been? John knew it must have been days since he'd left 221 B, but he wasn't sure how many. At first he'd been doggedly focused on making it to a motel. It wasn't quite as dreary as the bedsit he'd been in when he was first invalided home, but only just. His memory after that was…fuzzy. John didn't cry often, but that first night he'd cried himself sick. There had been hours of daytime television and too long spent in bed without moving. He'd called in sick to the surgery. He finally had the privacy he needed to start licking his wounds, and he hadn't been about to waste it. It was after John had finally convinced himself to shower and put on fresh clothes that the room had started to feel confining.
Even now it would take a decade for him to start failing significantly, but this was his absolute last chance to stop and change course without risking permanent damage. Sherlock had monitored his reactions very carefully, and he was already dancing on the threshold of destruction..
"Something like that," Marcus murmured back. His hand slipping forward to cover John's. "My career's too demanding for me to commit to more than one night."
He was more pale than John remembered, thinner, and trembling in his arms, but it really was him. "Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock." The name fell from his lips like a chant as John nestled himself against the world's only consulting detective, breathing him in.
interesting that you've suddenly taken such an interest in your work. I thought you were rather distracted, what with your date and all."
John looked over their now empty glasses and plates, and nodded. They stood, paid their tab, and walked out together into the night.
More and more of his time gave way to exploring the mysterious fluid in the syringe. Slowly...too slowly, the truth presented itself. The syringe
He reached for the chart at the foot of the bed first, to give himself some more time, a moment to collect himself, though he knew that there was little he could really do to put a barrier between himself and this present disaster. It had happened, and now he was going to have to deal with it.
The ex-army doctor marched blindly through London, cursing Sherlock and his corrosive personality. How
A small, gloved hand covered his own, shaking one. "She's going to be cremated in the morning, John. No one will know if you don't finish the stitches."
She nodded. "Good." Then she jerked her head to indicate the sitting room behind her. "Dinner's ready."
Forty minutes later Mary stood and stretched. She was going to say her goodbyes and make other meaningless small talk that Sherlock was going to ignore…except the phone rang.
John was in the provider's office typing the last of his notes for the day. He might be strongly considering leaving the clinic if he could find some full time work, but he still wanted all of his work to be at its best. Being a doctor deserved his full attention.
Sherlock was stooped over his microscope in the kitchen, watching his blood cells on the slide in front of him. The poison he had been infected with was insidious. It functioned, at least in part, like an auto-immune disease. He had long ago given up the idea of trying to find a solution; he
Mary looked down for a moment and shook her head. "No. Everything changed after Sean died…it made me re-evaluate what was really important."
John grunted in response and tightened his hold on Marcus. Marcus chuckled softly and pushed against the restraint. "Up," he ordered, "This will only turn into cement and stick us together if we let it dry."
John slipped his arms around the warm body sprawled out against him and smiled. He nuzzled his face into his companion's shoulder and yawned, breathing in their sent. He jolted slightly when he recognized Sherlock's cologne, and the night before came rushing back to him.
"Is that him?" John asked, and Sherlock nodded quietly. The camera could only show so much of the street, but when Travis stopped and stared, John suspected Marcus wasn't far. Sure enough only moments later Marcus came into view. He was on the opposite side of the street from Travis, walking towards him, his head bent over his phone.
when he has no cases and no active experiments. It's like his massive intellect tries to self-destruct if it doesn't have something to occupy it, or something."
Molly's lips quirked and she shook her head. "Sherlock, would take advantage of it." John huffed a laugh, which brought a more genuine smile out of the young morgue assistant. She jerked her head towards the exit. "Come on, let's wash up and grab some tea."
slept, as far as John could tell; there was even a half-hearted rumor at the Yard, according to Greg, that Sherlock was a vampire. Surely he must be thinking, and yet…
John fought the urge to look up at his flatmate, instead leaning forward a bit more, as though studying the board. He wasn't sure how he'd ever managed to convince Sherlock to play chess in the first place. Since he'd found out about Sherlock's illness, John had made a point of regularly checking his flatmate's vitals, as well as insisting on dinner every other day, when they weren't on a case, that is. The only way anyone could force Sherlock to do anything while on a case was for John to bodily dive tackle him out of the most immediate danger. Anything else was beyond impossible, and John knew how to pick his battles.
Sherlock gasped every time he felt the scrape of teeth, but danger, implied or otherwise, had always appealed to him.
John lacked the time and the inclination to try to interpret if Mrs. Hudson was trying to insinuate anything. This was a dead end, time to move on. "I have to get going," John began, "I need to meet Greg at the yard."
Marcus adjusted so that he was standing and nodded. "You'll need to get on the bed properly to give me room."
He hadn't wanted this, hadn't asked for it, and had, in fact, gone to considerable lengths to avoid it. Sherlock didn't have friends, didn't indulge in sentiment because it only complicated matters. For all his good intentions John had never been able to deny that caring about others did not help save them, more often than not it endangered them. The first person to examine in
"Fine," Sherlock sighed, gently shrugging out of his Belstaff and suit jacket. He started to work on the buttons of his oxford shirt, but John smacked his hands away and took over, convinced Sherlock would make things worse in his impatience. Greg raised a curious eyebrow before refocusing on the world's only consulting detective.
that when he's working he feels no cravings, but when he's not working he needs something to relieve the tedium."
Sherlock's lips quirked in an almost smile when John's image finally filled the screen. His heart calmed, and his breathing evened out. His fingers twitched with the repressed urge to touch the screen.
John smiled and shook his head, thinking of Sherlock before he could stop himself. Reading on, he found the next section full of hesitation marks, as though Alexander had come back to this letter many times, trying to find his words.
"I hope I didn't disturb you when I called your secretary last night," Sherlock replied, leaning back in his chair.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but, thankfully, as he was looking at the ceiling his action went unnoticed by Mr. Brenton. "Strangely, how?"
John huffed indignantly, trying to keep pace with his flatmate without looking like he was running him down. Sherlock led them through a twisting labyrinth of streets, turning and sometimes even doubling back without any seeming rhyme or reason. They'd walked for almost an hour before Sherlock stopped abruptly, stilling himself in the shadows between two buildings. John did his best to tuck himself quietly beside his companion.
"Fire!" Sherlock gasped, his eyes still roving around the room, locked on whatever images his dreams had brought him. "Fire, of course, I should have guessed yesterday!" He scrambled up and off of John already reaching for his coat before John's voice finally reached him.
Sherlock meticulously solicited information about Mr. Wallingford's declining health through his final day, but Evelyn added nothing that he didn't already know. When he had concluded his interview Sherlock stood, held his arm out to her once more, and escorted her back into the family sitting room.
John chuckled. "Cute." He took a sip of his own stout before asking, "There really hasn't been much going on? I thought St. Bart's worked closely with the Yard?"
Hours passed in a state vaguely better than general tedium, that is to say Mrs. Hudson's walls were safe for the moment, but there were no new leads. Sherlock clicked through the electronic database of present employees, scanning names, interview questions and responses, psychological evaluations (if they were present), and other personal information.
John opened the door and slipped inside the flat, smiling when he smelled dinner cooking. That would never have happened at 221 B unless Mrs. Hudson had brought them something.
John sighed and shook his head at himself. He needed to stop trying make a good man out of a broken one. The war of perspective between Sherlock and himself was something to be survived, not won. He could never make Sherlock see or believe in the good in people, and he certainly wasn't going to succumb to Sherlock's Hobbesian perspective.
John's mouth worked open and closed, trying to force the words out past his disbelief. Beside him, Frederick babbled on.
Unless...? Mycroft had made that threat before the letters ever started. He had cameras everywhere. He'd made no point of hiding the fact that Sherlock and John had been under surveillance...
"That would explain why you eventually caught William's attention," Sherlock murmured, frowning down at the obituaries in their hands. "Every serial killer keeps trophies, but this is too subtle, it's not enough to act on."
how to make evidence disappear quickly if he needs to. If you wait for the proper paperwork and traces of Mrs. Werner and the dog fighting ring will be long gone."
Sherlock strode through the back door of the house and out into the garden. It was a barren, sandy wasteland compared to the front garden. Nothing grew here except for short, well trodden grass. It was a practical setup, considering the yard was ringed with a dozen kennels. Each was of barely adequate size, with the barest minimum of food and water visible. It would meet all legal regulations without any superfluous touches, Sherlock was sure. Then again, this was Mr. Werner's home was much more likely to be subject to observation.
John shook his head. "I don't know. I don't think so. The way he was acting today, I almost think he's using again… He's almost impossible to read on a good day, and he doesn't really do
"It's fine," John insisted, pocketing his sister's letter. "My fault for not stopping off home first."
Mary raised a delicate blond eyebrow at him. The expression reminded him just enough of Sherlock that John had to look away for a moment.
Sherlock waved his hand ineffectually in John's general direction, as though to pat him on the head. "Sshh. You wouldn't understand. Everything is fine."
James held out Harriet's letter, which had apparently also fallen out of his jacket pocket. "I caught a glimpse of her signature before I picked it up."
"Yes," Sherlock confirmed. "You missed everything of real importance to the case, but at least you're thinking."
Sherlock had begun to pace back and forth across the room as his deductions were revealed. He paused in front of Susan and a slow, cruel smile spread across his lips. "I
John took notice as he moved through the flat that things were more orderly than the last time he'd been here. There was still an assortment of Sherlock's usual brick-a-brack, but overall the flat lacked the explosion of madness that had consumed it before.
The people outside the station where in chaos, just as those within. Some ran away, some ran towards the station, most stood stock still and stared up at the mountain that had unleashed its vengeance like statues.
"No need to be immaculate when it doesn't matter if you're caught afterwards," Sherlock murmured. "He's making his final play..."
"Fair enough," John replied, flipping through the channels to see what he could find. There was a Black Adder marathon on channel 30. John didn't need to ask to confirm that Sherlock had already known that. He'd probably memorized the schedule. One never knew when a would-be criminal would use the wrong programming schedule as an alibi.
They shared a meaningful look, and John wondered if Marcus's heart wasn't as spoken for as his own was.
A kiss at his cheek startled him and he shifted his gaze back to John. "This isn't a case, Sherlock," John murmured, pressing small kisses around his face and neck. "Do you have any outright objections?"
Mary's reply was a long time in coming, so long in fact that John had assumed that was the end of it. But at last her almost-whisper reached him. "Yes, it is."
"Our arrangement is working as planned, is it not?" Sherlock asked, settling a prickly John into his seat before taking his own. "You've been a helpful distraction, and your blog is gaining hits every day."
For several months now Sherlock had done his best to ignore John's feelings. He certainly hadn't been obvious about it, by normal standards John had been the picture of discretion. Sherlock doubted John even wanted him to know, but there was little anyone could keep from Sherlock for long.
Mr. Brenton's face had turned a deep shade of crimson. "Get out, Mr. Holmes!" He ordered. "Get off of my property before I set the dogs on you!"
"For what?" John asked, leaning back in his seat, and cradling his phone close to his ear with one hand.
"Let me know if anything hurts or pulls in a bad way," Mary said softly, but firmly, as she lifted her hands to John's shoulders.
Toby perked up when he entered the room, his tail wagging furiously when he saw Sherlock. Sherlock reached a hand out to accept the leash and Toby yipped in greeting, jumping up to press his forepaws into Sherlock's legs. Sherlock leaned down to pet his head, and the Toby seemed to sigh contentedly.
. John could deduce from the stilted handwriting and overly odd phrasing of things that this man wasn't used to being this open with his feelings or the truth of his situation. He was taking a risk opening up to John this way. It was probably foolish of him, but John felt touched that this man, this correspondent was willing to make himself vulnerable, even if only in part. John gathered many details had been left out. Probably John wasn't cleared for the details, especially since whatever mission this was, was still ongoing.
They had never had many quiet evenings at 221B to begin with. John smiled and shook his head as he thought about the beginning of their relationship...arrangement. He never, ever would have believed that he would come to feel at peace here, much less happy...but he was.
"That's a bit of a reach isn't it?" John asked. "Every hospital has massive amounts of cleaning supplies, and some areas need different products. It's hardly unusual to have two things in a hospital that shouldn't mix, baring the proper safely protocols are observed."
do it, but not in the time he had allotted. He'd always known that Molly was smart, smarter than most people gave her credit for, but he doubted he would ever understand the single-minded passion that had driven her to murder.
"I know it won't change anything, but I can't help it," Mary confessed. "I want to fix things, make things better."
Sherlock nodded and gestured with his arm. "After you." They walked in silence the short distance to the study Lestrade had commandeered on Sherlock's orders. Nathan was more muscular than his brother. His movements, and his slight tan indicated he was a true athlete, probably rugby or football. Nathan was the second son, so while he had received education paralleling his brother, he was not expected to be the heir unless his brother met an untimely end, and so felt less pressure than Bryan. He likely wasn't even truly expected to join the family business if he didn't want to, which left him more time to pursue his own interests. He was a middle child and thus, a natural negotiator. Even so, he came from a family with an old-world reputation and high standards. Excelling in team sports was a natural by-product of such an upbringing. Nathan had likely been on a professional team until very recently; his tan was starting to fade at the edges... perhaps he had left or taken a leave of absence from his athletic career when tensions began to mount at home.
