Tony hesitated, then smiled. “For you, light of my life? There are always muffins. Just let me make a call.”
“I think something’s wrong with Tony” he said to Nat, dragging her off to one side after brunch was over.
“Darling, turn those baby blues in my direction and let me—”
In his mind he replayed every single interaction between himself and Tony over the last year. The invitation to the deli. The muffins at shield headquarters. The art exhibit. Oh god—
Immediately Tony’s head snapped up. “What?”
“So. Thank-you,” Steve said, refusing to look away. “I appreciate it. We all appreciate it. You’re a real swell guy.”
“Yeah,” Tony’s shoulder’s slump a little. “No. I just ended things with Allison is all.”
“You think eggs, pickles and barbecue sauce for breakfast are great?” Tony sounded horrified.
“Sure,” Steve smiled. “I’d love that.”
“I’m just saying,” Tony said, as he and Steve walked into the kitchen at Avengers Tower together a week or so later, once Steve was fully recovered. “I could make you one too. They’re good. Don’t take my word for it. Ask Rhodey!”
He didn’t get what he’d done wrong, and he couldn’t seem to get close enough to Tony to ask for an explanation.
“What?”
“You don’t need to sound so surprised about it,” Clint said mildly. “I have depths.”
“Cap,” Tony called. “Come say hi!”
“Wow, thanks! Nat likes modern art, I’ll see if she wants to check it out!”
With that Tony bolted out of his chair, and backed away from the table, eyes still lingering on Steve as he groped blindly behind himself for the door to the kitchen.
“Yeah.”
“Lair sounds kind of evil,” Bruce said absently, as he shovelled a forkful of eggs into his mouth, and swiped at the Starkpad which rested on the table in front of him.
“Come on, Captain Handsome!”
Fury sighed heavily, glaring down at a banana walnut muffin like it personally offended him. “Now can we begin the debriefing?”
“Trouble in paradise?” Nat asked, after Tony exited the room immediately after Steve arrived. Steve just shrugged dolefully, shoulders slumping.
“No, although it probably tastes better than it sounds,” Steve said, with a smile. “But I was talking about you opening up your home to us. You’re a real generous guy.”
“Wait. Allison?”
“You want a muffin?” Steve said, pushing the basket toward him.
“Hey, you’re a good man, and a kind one too, I think.” Steve said meeting Tony’s gaze steadily.
“We thought you knew, too. Trust me.”
She shrugged. “To Tony? Not really. Things have been quiet all round while you were gone. I mean, he had that gala for the children’s hospital earlier this week, and I guess there’s Allison. But other than that—”
“Okay,” Steve muttered. “Good. I’m—” His vision swam. From the feel of it he’d probably broken a couple of ribs, and maybe his leg. Not to mention the scorching burn that covered most of his chest. “I’m so glad you’re ok, Tony,” he said, and promptly passed out.
Nevertheless, for three whole days, unless they were training or attending a briefing, Steve only saw Tony at the occasional mealtime. Any conversation was necessary for the team, and carefully cordial, none of the usual banter.
Steve had been away for the past few days and, as he took his seat, he reflected that it felt good to be home. Because that’s what this was now, without question.
“It doesn’t matter.”
So Tony had infuriated him at first, rubbed him up the wrong way. Made Steve want to get all up in Tony’s face and just— just— do
Steve never once batted an eye at any of Tony’s flirting, or the endearments. Tony had names for everyone. Literally, everyone. He was charming, and funny, and handsome, and sometimes he directed that charm at Steve, but it didn’t mean anything. It was just part of who he was.
“Nay, twas not me, my friend.”
Steve threw another punch at the bag and the room shook. “Why wouldn’t I be?”
“Tony.”
, and deep down Steve was sure Clint knew that.
“When’s the big day?” Clint asked, after the Avengers finished taking down Mole Man for the second time in a month.
They alighted on the landing pad at Avengers Tower a moment later, and Steve released his grip on the armor.
Tony couldn’t shrug very well in the armor, at least not when flying, and certainly not while flying
“What if you and I take a little weekend break to my villa in Hawaii, gorgeous?”
“Right? Me too.”
Reluctantly Steve reached out a hand for the remote, and as he did, Tony said, “It just— I guess it felt like I wasn’t all in, y’know? And it seemed like she was, or she could be eventually and—” He trailed off.
Steve shook his head. That stomach-swooping-on-a-roller-coaster sensation was back, except this time it didn’t stop. It just kept on going and going and— Tony was dating. Tony had stopped calling Steve ‘dear,’ and ‘darling,’ and ‘honeypie,’ because he was
“I-uh—” He hesitated. The piece of bacon he’d picked up dangling between his thumb and forefinger.
“A den, huh?” Steve raised one eyebrow.
“I— She’s really nice.” Steve said.
“I don’t think so,” Steve said. “I feel like I would remember that.”
“I didn’t know you were gonna be here,” Tony said to Clint. “I thought you and Nat were headed out to Budapest first thing.”
“They’re buried real deep. Say, you wanna see if Asgardian Mead can get a supersoldier drunk?”
“Tony, no—” Fury and Steve said in unison, but Tony had already dialled and it was too late.
“The two of us. Are we? Can we be? Whatever I said or— or did. I’m sorry, and I miss you. Can we be good?”
He did not know they were home until Happy had opened the door and lightly touched his shoulder. Upon looking to him, Happy smiled sadly at him and stated, “We’re back.”
“You’ll have to marry me first, mon capitaine,” Tony purred into Steve’s ear, curling into his lover’s side.
“Forgive??” Steve replied with surprise. Tony opened his mouth to reply but Steve silenced him by placing a single finger over his mouth.
She frowned darkly and said, “But that hope was dashed because he watched us for God knows how long since the helicarriers fell and he came back for
impossible! How many times do I have to say this!?
“Okay, okay, you’re blushing, it’s something a little more embarrassing… Hmm….were you looking for a picture to put in a locket?” Peter teased and wiggled his rear into Wade’s lap to further torment Wade physically.
Tony cupped Steve’s neck and Steve’s sky blue eyes rose to meet his. Tony smiled at him and earnestly replied, “It’s no problem, Steve…”
“Something is wrong with the arc reactor,” Jarvis observed.
Sorry for the long wait! Real life, you know? But anyways, enjoy the newest chapter! :D
Steve groaned and broke their kiss to gasp, “I love you so much. I can’t believe we’re finally doing this!”
He almost left his room but did a quick turnaround as he remembered his cell phone. It was still sitting in his charger from where he left it before he had gone on his run. He picked it up and paused when he saw some missed texts. He had three texts from Tony looking for him earlier and he smiled happily as he read them. Warmth permeated in his chest as he remembered what transpired between them after Tony had found him.
Logan’s eyes snapped away from the trashcan and he murmured, “Sorry to disturb you.” The massive man slid off Wade’s dresser and went to leave, but paused next to the bin. He sniffed the air above it with a hard look and then he looked back to Wade and Peter one last time before leaving.
“Of course,” Pepper answered for him before he started to whine about agents touching his stuff.
The audience leapt to their feet and cheered as his father came on stage. Peter smiled gratefully at Tony as he sauntered on stage. He wasn’t scripted to come on but, since Sophie decided to go off script, his dad thankfully decided to make the intrusion. He was dressed for comfort more than for an interview so a picture of a calico cat was plainly on the shirt underneath his blazer. Peter could practically hear Pepper groaning already.
Peter flushed and garbled, “Stop sound so much like –
Clint chuckled and murmured, “Oh man, this is going to be good!”
Peter was extremely tempted to hug Steve right there but held back to keep his strong stance.
Tony obliged and Cap placed the soapy lather on his face and neck in quick circular motions.
“What has happened?” It demanded of them. "How did he grow so ill? Was he poisoned? Injured?"
Peter groaned and dragged it out as he covered his head with his pillow.
Steve gently slipped himself out of Tony’s hold and exchanged incredulous glances with him. He took the phone from Natasha and brought it up to his ear.
“You can’t know that,” Tony hissed. “What if we get together and he starts hating all the time I spend in my lab instead of with him or-or what if he breaks it off because I disregard an order during a fight??”
“Hello.”
"The difference being?" Tony inquired while everyone else smiled knowingly at each other.
,” Venom hissed in promise to Peter, its long tongue licking its sharp teeth as it did.
But…with quick touches to his neck and a hand hovering over his mouth, Steve confirmed that Tony still lived.
for their next mission and Tony probably shouldn’t too.”
Wade tensed behind him and then buried his face in the crook of Peter’s neck. He playfully murmured, “I wanted you to see my prettier side.”
A short chuckle escaped his lips, surprising them both.
“Oh, love…” Steve whispered.
Her mate started to take off his coat and she demanded, “What are you doing?”
He closed his eyes and controlled his breathing as he entered a meditative state.
Century as Iron Man. We’ll still do what we got to do, but, in the background, we can be together. We’ll live in a secret just like you're already doing. Easy Peasy…I want to try this with you, Steve.”
“And that someone is..?” Bucky growled.
“Don’t make me get the ladder!” Uncle Bucky yelled.
Nothing opened in front of him and Jarvis gravely suggested, “You may want to sit down with Miss Potts…”
“…If it’s really her and she’s-she is agreeable,” his uncle replied carefully.
Steve sat on his bed with a groan. He rubbed his aching legs and replied, “Bucky said he does better with me around. He remembers the good times more than the bad. And being around Natasha seems to bringing out the bad memories.”
“We’ve done it in this place a number of times,” Tony noted, encouraged by Steve’s tone of voice. He no longer sounded morose, he sounded normal enough for Tony to tease. He drew his hand suggestively down Steve’s chest and his muscles flexed under his touch.
Tony had bought a small bed, made for a toddler, with tiny bars on the sides to keep him from falling over the edge. Peter only used the bed for naptime since he always slept with Steve at night. The comforter was red, the sheets and pillow were white, and the mattress covering was blue. When Tony first met Peter he treated Peter like a miniaturized version of Steve and all the original gadgets he gave Peter were always the patriotic red, white, and blue. Later, the gifts became more about Peter’s likes, like the workstation he made him or the action figures of the Avengers.
Steve was tempted but he shook his head and murmured, “I want to get this over with…”
“You are not seriously going to attack SHIELD??” Pepper gasped.
Switching languages for secrecy, in Mandarin, he told his AI, “If I die, find a way to take my body to the future whether it’s through the time machine or by just waiting out the decades…I want my friends to know what happened to me.”
“On top of the bunny!” Peter giggled excitedly.
Steve was sitting next to a slumbering Tony and holding his hand. A couple of days had passed since he last spoke with her, but no amount of time spent in Tony's presence could stop the draw of destiny.
unnecessary grief right now.”
“You brought your dad here?
Steve stared at the camera and appeared at a loss for words. Breathing shallowly, a look of extreme and worried concentration crossed his face. After a long period of silence, his expression finally crumbled and he gasped, “
Steve tightened his hold on Peter and his right shoulder twinged with a burning pain that flared with the sudden moment and his head spun from the slight movement. He still had bullets in his flesh. He gritted his teeth as his wounds reopened and his head began to pound more furiously. Tony’s frown deepened when he saw Steve’s pain.
The former Commando couldn’t hide his surprise when the arm clicked in easily and he could move it within seconds.
“You’re
Beyond the doors, he could hear his dad. He knew it was his dad, he recognized his voice, but he had never once heard him make such noises. What had happened?? What was wrong??
“Thanks,” Steve replied, his shoulders released some more tension. Steve turned to leave but paused. He made up his mind and sighed. He reluctantly asked what had been bugging him all morning. “Have you spoken to Tony?”
“He was the best man I knew,” Bucky gasped, dropping his head. He caught his breath and then looked up to the statue’s face and told it, “You saved my life in more ways than you could imagine, Stevie. So, thank you. I love you, punk. You were the best family a guy could ask for. I hope I can be half the man you were…I’m – I’m going to miss you…” He paused but his voice still broke as he gasped out, “A-A lot…” Bucky wiped the tears from his eyes and Tony gave him a half hug. Sniffling, Bucky murmured, “You say your goodbyes now. Stevie’s listening.”
“…But what if we changed the future,” Howard whispered fearfully.
“When?” Steve asked in a low voice, not meeting Tony’s hazy, anxious eyes.
He had just gotten back from the zoo with Peter and Tony. Tony had paid Peter and Steve equal amounts of attention but he was especially attentive with Peter. Steve did not mind, in fact, he loved watching the two of them interact. This was not unusual for Tony however. He not only made Peter toys but he also gave him clothing (all Iron Man merchandise, of course) and made sure to see him every day.
The Iron Man faceplate snapped up and Steve was able to see Tony’s hurt and bewildered expression. It made Steve angrier. Steve was justifiable in his anger.
?” Wade patted Peter’s shoulder and Venom bubbled beneath Wade’s touch.
Steve pushed Tony against the wall and Tony instantly plunged his tongue into Steve's throat. Steve groaned and Tony near about came from the sound.
Steve nodded and looked to Tony, “Ready?”
James focused on her. Concentrating on her helped him ignore the pain.
Steven.
On the screen, his past self disappeared and Tony lost all strength to stand.
“…I don’t know, Bucky,” Steve sighed. He had worked with Natasha for years in both the Avengers and SHIELD and he only knew what Natasha wanted him to know. He reasoned, “Maybe she just doesn't want you to know she knows.”
Steve did the only thing he could do and lay beside him for it all. He turned Tony’s head so he could see Steve and those hazy, begging eyes never once looked away from him.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment and let all the pain he’d been hiding wash through him. In that moment, he let himself miss his future, his friends, and his simpler life.
Tony relaxed marginally. Good, then it must have been the first option. Whoever wielded the answer would be putting themselves in danger…But why wouldn’t Bruce ask for his help? Tony could probably come up with something technology wise to help somehow…
He did it.
Peter sighed heavily again and the comparisons faded away to the back of his mind.
“Tony’s going to chide you for using flowers that mean ‘I’m sorry’ but…I just wanted you to know I think it was a great gesture. I think it reached her,” Steve whispered.
Tony’s jaw dropped. He’d grown out a beard and wasn’t wearing his uniform but –
Steve could only watch, his horror mounting with each resounding shot.
“This bed should be burned,” Tony laughed, rubbing Steve's come off his stomach and onto the sheets.”
“She says her soulmate lives on the other side of the country and is annoying,” Tony stated. “She's kinda annoyed that my soulmate is so cool.”
Coulson told them they were going to an undisclosed location to meet up with Fury. He took them to a transport jet and they left within the minute of boarding. Coulson sat at the front of the jet with the pilot, leaving Steve and Tony alone.
“So…what do we do until then?” Steve asked as he lightly touched a spot on the wall that probably had once been a window but was now plastered up bricks.
“He was in Mama Bird mode,” Tony stated. “It was very endearing but at the height I had to fly he nearly froze to death.”
The way Peter saw it, the boyfriend and parents not getting along and the media wanting the next big scoop on Peter Parker were bigger problems to him than worrying about the inconclusive experiment with VENOM.
He nodded but seemed diminished, like being near the chair had hurt him. She pulled him to the only other door and he picked up his step once he was far enough away.
“Wade?” Steve repeated, “Wait,
Tony chuckled at Steve’s sass but it was cut off by Natasha asking, “Where’s the Red Skull?”
Coulson eyed Mary warily and stood protectively by Peter’s side.
Peter stood next to him and peered curiously at Steve. He stood a few centimeters above the arm height of the couch. His mind flashed back to when Peter first came to the Tower. All those months ago he barely reached that height.
“Wha-? N-No!” Tony gasped. The sudden outburst made Steve’s head shoot up and Peter wearily opened his eyes. Peter eyes looked around the room, then, once he saw everything was okay, he closed his eyes again and fell right back to sleep. As soon as Steve looked at Tony, Tony dropped his gaze and murmured, “No…unless you want to..?”
Peter shook his head and murmured, “But I can’t…Please, go Wade. I’ll be alright as long as I know you won’t get hurt…”
“In 16 hours and 23 minutes, you’ll be one step closer to your friend and away from Hydra,” Father Michael stated with conviction.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve transferred Peter from his arms to Ben’s. Peter went with only a murmur of discomfort as the dog-tags were pulled out of his hold. Ben handled Peter tenderly and whispered to him, “Are you sure you do not want any ice cream? I bet there’s some rocky road left in the freezer.”
Tony had no ammunition belt which was more Steve's fault because he forgot to grab one for the time traveler. Tony and Bucky began to trade overly sarcastic words that made the others heavily sigh or roll their eyes. Steve eyed the gun, planning to grab Tony the belt and its ammunition but stopped himself…because Tony was carrying one of Hydra’s guns, the very one he had been tinkering with.
Steve handed her the sketch and she stared at it with wide eyes. Steve stated, “Tony’s father was younger than I was when I knew him.”
for you. I am not going to watch you waste away when there is something I could’ve done to help you. I…I love you, Tony. I love you so much and I know I am going to lose you, but I refuse to let it be to death. You are going to go back to the future and fix your reactor and live out the rest of your life building amazing inventions and bringing wonder to the lives of people around you like…like you did for me. Be pissed at me, but that won’t change how I feel about you. I would have still done it knowing how you feel now.”
They settled in the back, right next to each other, of course, and Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders. Happy closed the door as Tony leaned into him and replied, “I haven’t even gotten to the over-the-top clichés yet…or are you Steve’s evil twin brother seeing me romantically out of revenge against your twin?!”
“Fan-
But he knew he was the last person Tony would want to comfort him…
He did it. He actually did it.
The master stepped up to them and murmured, “Now what will I do with you two?”
Wade was in his Deadpool uniform again but he was holding some flowers. He stood as soon as Peter landed and announced, “These flowers are so gay but it’s okay because what we’re doing is gay…Though technically we’re both bi, which is why there are two different kinds of flowers here: Roses and daisies.” Wade covered his eyes and groaned, “I know I am a dork.”
Bruce flushed slightly and explained, “It’s…It’s spider hair, well it’s not limited to spiders specifically, other insects and geckos and such have it as well, but Peter has it too! It’s how he is able to crawl on the walls! The hairs are not like ours, the bristles create a kind of magnetic attraction with nearby particles so he could, in Peter’s terms, ‘stick’ to the walls!”
Wade was good at revenge however because, suddenly, he was everywhere: his mouth, his hands, his body. Anywhere Peter’s attention went, Wade was there, making him feel dizzy. Wade’s kisses were more frenzied and wild. His tongue licked at the seam of Peter’s mouth and, as soon as he opened it, Wade’s tongue was in there.
Only the Avengers, Pepper, Happy, and May Parker knew about his connection with Peter. To the rest of the world, they were only connected by the Avengers’ Tower. No one knew Peter was his son.
“About damn time!” His dad replied immediately, drawing a smile to Peter’s face. “I was thinking Steve and I were going to be getting married by the time you got here!”
Peter glanced down at himself and found he was wearing the same clothes he had on when Venom swallowed him. He thought they had been destroyed. Peter checked his sweater for his phone, but it was not there.
He was overflowing with curiosity and he had to force himself to not blurt out any unwanted questions. Bucky didn’t want to talk about that and Tony was going to respect his wishes…even though he was practically dying of curiosity because of it!
“Not the first time,” Tony murmured to himself.
When the chip went in, the reactor sealed but the glow did not return.
Howard dropped his clipboard and stuttered, “M-My - my?”
Steve stared at the crumbling wall with a shocked expression. He stepped toward it, his heart beginning to hammer quickly within his chest as his hope grew with every tumbling stone.
Steve blanched but Peter shook his head. He murmured, “It’s fine…” Turning to Steve, he assured him, “You can stay.”
“Well, if Stark won’t come to us, we’ll go to him,” Fury said, smirking slightly.
Tony sat up with a mighty groan as his back muscles protested the movement. A few bones popped and he rubbed his neck to soften some muscles. He murmured, “What kind of anomaly? End of the world anomaly? Or needs paperwork anomaly? Because if it’s paperwork then I am not here.”
Sudden awareness hit him. He’d survived.
That glassy unshed tears look was still in his gaze but he rolled those eyes and grumbled, “You two are such punks.”
He went with his heart and returned the kiss.
“O-Of course, Peter,” Dad gargled with emotion. He buried his face into Peter’s hair and repeated, “Of course…”
{No} his voice whispered, so quietly he could barely hear it in the silence of his home. Wade picked up his head in surprise and his voice continued, {Our baby boy…he’s hurting and something is wrong…He needs our help. We need to help our baby boy.}
“…He just doesn’t seem like the guy to do it. He’s just so passionate so I figured he’d be just as passionate about his family.”
“Just a rum and coke.”
He heard the others run over but, upon their approach, Venom expelled its knife-sharp tendrils around Peter to keep them back and skewering Wade again.
“The quinjet is shutting down its engines and a man had departed the vehicle,” Jarvis continued. “He states…”
Steve came up beside him, his face tired, as he whispered, “We’re doing the best we can…”
Tony touched the glow and replied, “This is an arc reactor. It keeps me alive. Without it, I’d be dead within an hour.”
“Your and Master Rogers’ routines have been skewed the last three weeks,” Jarvis stated. “Most specifically, you have been less productive and he has been in residence less and not as social with his peers.”
Steve groaned and dropped his head into his hands. He moaned, “What else can we do?...I just want to go home…”
Venom let go of her and she got to her feet with narrowed eyes. She murmured, “That is more than a shield…”
“Yeah, I am.” He smiled and dryly joked, “Imagine all the father-son activities we can do now!”
The man practically carried him upstairs and he barely had a chance to surface from their kiss for a breath before they were falling into bed. Clothes went flying, shoes were clumsily kicked off, and their mouths were becoming puffy from how forcefully they kept pressing them together.
Listening to Steve’s accent was a turn on for Tony and, if the other two weren’t there, he’d have jumped on Steve by now. As it was, he was already staring at Steve with the ‘come hither’ look. Steve was pretending not to notice but a telltale flush burnished Steve’s cheeks, revealing to Tony that he definitely saw.
He double checked the time but it was true. He gasped, “I can't believe I just spent the last few hours sitting in one place just talking.” He turned to Wade and gasped, “And
Her brows raised in surprise but then she smiled widely. She gasped, “Boyfriend?! Peter, why didn’t you tell me?? How long have you kept this a secret!” She rounded the island and went straight to Wade. She grasped his hands and pulled him back to the island. She excitedly said, “Peter is such a sweet boy and I was worried he’d never find anyone! How’d you two meet? Can I embarrass him and show you some baby pictures? We can gush over him together!”
people. In a million years, he would never suspect them to turn on him and, with them, the rest of the public at large. And Tony knew, Steve, with his huge, caring heart, would be crushed by the negative backlash.
– they were unchanging. They were permanent. They were ingrained into him since the beginning. He could never fight them.
“Good. Can you work this thing for me then?” He gestured impatiently to the machine.
And now it was too late. Now Tony had Allison, and Steve wasn’t Captain Handsome, or honeypie, or sugarplum anymore.
Steve plastered what he hoped was a natural smile on his face and joined them.
good after that. Steve healed up quickly, and Tony reverted to his old self almost immediately, which was to say: tactile, friendly, argumentative, and the proud possessor of a newly minted obsession: Designing Steve new armor.
Tony was brilliant. Tony was a genius. A generous, brave, funny, kind-hearted billionaire, and a real good-looking fella to boot.
“I uh—” Steve squeezed his hand. “I wondered if— if I could take you out to dinner tomorrow. There’s this little Italian place and, I thought— Just the two of us..”
“That’s just Barton being Barton. You know how he is sometimes. Moody. Difficult.”
They were both quiet for a long moment.
Clint’s eyes darted to Steve, then to Tony, and then, for some reason, back to Steve again. He sighed heavily, and eyed the basket of muffins, then reached for a blueberry one. “Yeah, ok.”
Three of them were sitting at the table in the dining area, Tony sipping his coffee, while Steve and Bruce ate breakfast. They’d officially been living at Avengers Tower for a whole week now, and it still felt kind of magical to Steve.
“Yeah! Yes. Of course I will.” Tony hurried over to where Steve was waiting, and pressed the buttons in a flurry of activity. They stood side by side, Tony’s shoulder bumping companionably against Steve’s, while the coffee machine did it’s thing.
“I wondered if you wanna go grab a bite at that new deli on 8th.” Tony twisted his hands in front of him, his expression taking on that weirdly expectant quality again.
“Just calling it as I see it,” Steve said.
“Wow! I’ll let the team know!”
“What?” asked Steve.
.” As he said the words he stared at Steve expectantly.
“Hailstones the size of footballs? Are you sure?”
“You should try it, Tony,” Bruce said, holding out a forkful for inspection. “It’s delicious.”
“Totally. It’s important to have downtime as a team. I’ll let the others know and see if they can meet us there in, say, a half hour?”
As the first glimpse of daylight appeared above him, Steve blinked, looked around hazily, and tried to work out why he was seeing two of everything.
Truthfully, up until that moment he hadn’t even considered the possibility of dating Tony. Not that he was opposed to dating a man, he knew himself that well at least. It was just that Steve had filed Tony away in a box marked ‘friend’ and ‘teammate,’ and left him there. He’d taken all the cute names and flirting and assumed it was just Tony being, well—
“I know! It’s a service I provide for free.” Tony winked.
The thing was, now that his mind had been opened to the possibility, all he could think about was how good it would be.
Shaking his head, Steve turned to examine the coffee machine in the kitchen.
“My armor is flexible!” Tony said, stung. “Super flexible. And, added bonus, don’t know if you’ve noticed, but it can fly. Can’t get more flexible than that.”
“What am I gonna do?”
“Uh-huh.” Clint said. “Right, well. I’ll just walk back, then. Shall I?”
“Well in that case,” Steve deadpanned, and cocked a hip, and then did his best supermodel strut off the landing pad.
“Maybe we should bring Bruce, too? He looks tired lately.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, “Unless there’s anything else—?” his gaze slid over to Steve in a silent question.
That edge of frustration and irritation didn’t truly fade until after their initial battle with the Chitauri. Seeing Tony fly a nuke into a wormhole had made Steve’s heart clench in his chest. All in a rush he realized he’d been wrong about Stark.
“That’d be great, thanks!”
She raised an eyebrow in a silent question.
Steve sat down opposite him in one of the generic office chairs that SHIELD kept in all their meeting rooms. When he took the cup he sniffed it, and smiled. “Wow, thanks, Tony. This is great.”
“Oh, he’s mine too, babe,” Tony said, immediately. “Look at him. What’s not to love?”
It occurred to Steve that for all Tony’s bluster and swagger, he probably didn’t receive much genuine praise, at least not from people he respected. Before the Avengers that pool had probably been limited to Rhodey, Pepper and Happy, and two of those were technically employees. The power balance was all wrong.
“Puny hail storms are not my speciality. Lightning—” Thor grinned. “That is where true power lies.”
“I—” Steve knew his mouth was hanging open, but he didn’t seem to be able to close it. Something was horribly, desperately wrong.
After the battle was over, and it was clear that Tony had survived and everything was gonna be ok, the Avengers decided to stay together; they helped to rebuild the city, and Steve found that he coped more easily with the more abrasive edges of Tony’s personality in the weeks that followed. The endless snark, the weird jokes that were peppered with obscure cultural references, the flirting, and yes, the random nicknames, all became part of Tony’s undeniable charm.
“Au contraire, mon capitaine,” Tony replied, the first time Steve referred to it that way in passing conversation. "This is not a frat house."
— the goddamn trip to Hawaii, which Steve had somehow turned into a team bonding exercise.
“Hey,” Steve said, smiling up at him loopily. There must have been blood trickling out the corner of his mouth, because he could feel it, could taste it on his tongue. “You’re ok.”
‘good’,” Clint muttered, before taking a sip of his coffee.
Steve had always been an early riser, up well before Tony on any given day, (assuming Tony went to bed at all, and didn’t just hole up in his workshop). Plus there was the fact that Allison worked long shifts at the NYP Morgan Stanley Children’s Hospital, so she wasn’t around all the time anyway. All of that meant that Steve just had to find a way to make himself scarce on the occasional evening where Tony did bring her back to the tower.
Before he slipped away into the land of the awake and living, Tony turned to him and murmured, “Thank you…”
Peter grinned and gasped, “Yes!!”
He went to put his arms in the straps but almost dropped the shield from the lack of them. The shield, luckily, bounced right back and attached to his arms via magnets that must’ve been embedded in the suit.
Tony cupped his cheek and drew him back in, kissing him so tenderly that Steve fell a little bit more in love.
She compromised, “Whoever gets to him first gets the priorities for the next three months.”
Peter shook his head and chuckled darkly. His head was bowed so she could not see his face and he quickly wiped his eyes before raising his head. His blue eyes met hers and Peter asked, “Did you return Pops’ dog-tag to me?”
Tony picked up a bottle from out of the mussed sheets that had to be the lube he was always going on about. Tony challenged, “Why do you think I was tickling your sides? I wanted to wake you up.”
Steve chuckled lightly and shook the debris off of the comforter as Tony began to remove his armor. Steve said, “I knew there was a reason you insisted on sleeping with me.”
His target leapt from her chair and ran to Stark’s side.
seen his dad look at him like he was…special.
Tony blinked open his heavy eyelashes, weighted down by his tears. He stared at the spot where he lightly caressed the coffin and his eyes focused on his wedding ring. Memories flooded him from their wedding: Steve slipping the ring on his finger, throughout the wedding Steve pulling his hand up to kiss the band, and feeling the metal cut into his skin as he gripped Steve tightly as they made love that night. When they got married Tony thought he was going to spend the rest of his life with Steve.
Wade jammed his arm into Venom’s jaws to keep it from biting Peter and he pulled at it with all of his strength to get the monster off of his baby boy.
Both he and Bruce laughed and Steve said, “Yes, but you are not going to be eating anymore today.”
! Tony’s implant hadn’t beeped with a restart yet! Steve’s heart was still pumping and Tony had to keep him alive as long as it would take him to heal.
“T-Tony?” Steve gasped, staring intently at his husband. His armor had been crushed all over his body. A gauntlet had been torn off one hand and the flesh revealed was bloody. His helmet was gone and his face was battered and bruised. His reactor still glowed but…
“Do you remember when we first met? When our soul implants went off? We were going to kill each other but you stopped us. You wanted a soulmate. You wanted something for yourself. You want us, to love, to be happy…and we were.”
5/2 EDIT: Inspiration struck as I was writing the last paragraphs and have been thinking over it all day and, after reading your comments, have decided to go with my inspiration and write that part 2! However, I still haven't outlined it yet so I have no definitive date as to when I will start posting.
He gently pulled Steve away from the door and whispered, “The most marvelous man in existence invited me into his bed and is looking at like I am the answer to everything…and I still can't believe this is real.”
The two had instantly connected and Peter felt comfortable enough to remove his mask in front of the other man within the hour.
Those dark blue eyes she so loved became red rimmed and glassy. A single tear broke free, overflowed, and slid down his cheek to flow down her thumb. With a husky voice, he whispered, “I push and push and push but…but you just keep coming back to me.”
...Tony didn't even want to imagine...
“You, okay?”
Tony nodded and then stated, “Then you have to give me your word that no one will know about me, even Barnes. My existence must be kept a secret. I will keep living in my suit and will only reveal myself to you in private.”
He recognized her instantly.
Steve chuckled and strolled out of the bedroom. He looked up and saw Bucky was still asleep on the couch. Steve motioned for Peter to be quiet and whispered, “Uncle Bucky is still sleeping.”
Tony’s reactor was flickering.
Bucky never before found an appreciation for that blue glow until that moment.
His vision spiraled and the last thing he saw was his son and the rest of the Avengers running toward him.
He worried, jumped to conclusions, internally bargained with invisible people, and...smothered any ridiculous motions that might have come up in his musings.
“I will not let you kill him!” Tony growled, surging back to the android as if to put up a fight.
Peter flushed. He and Wade were now lovers but did that truly amount to love? He’d known the man for years but had only just started dating him. He couldn’t already be in love, it didn’t happen that fast…right?
It wasn’t fair that he was going to die so young with his life barely lived.
Solo was the only friend he had in this world—
The older man came to a stop a few feet away and raised his gun as he gritted, “Get out of the way, Stark! You too, Captain! I have to kill Banner’s abomination before it matures!”
Tony took a calming breath and then opened the file.
The Hydra scientists introduced painfully shocks to their specimen whenever he cried and he quickly learned to shut up. Norman wished he could have done the same to his own son and reclaimed more sleep.
. Why on Earth would you think him your son?”
Steve spent as much time as he could with Tony and he kept up a brave face for the man to support him. Tony went on like nothing was wrong and went right back to Panzer, looking for work. Steve sat with him and helped him where he could, smiling encouragingly all the while.
The team grumbled their conditions and all were fine. Tony even swatted away his hands and said, “I'm alright, Cap.” Behind them an army of mercenaries was melting out of the traffic and Tony ordered, “J, get us out of here!”
“Thank fuck,” Tony gasped, embracing his super soldier tightly.
“Nants ingonyama bagithi baba,” Wade began to sing the Swahili beginning to the iconic song, following his friend with a laughing smile. “Sithi uhhmm ingonyama!”
Osborn was wearing the time glove and he fiddled with the dial until he was satisfied and then turned back to the front doors. He yelled out, “Have fun dying alone, Stark!”
He looked at his friend and saw the man did not acknowledge him. His gaze was dead and he looked at Steve without recognition or any of the warmth he remembered from their past together. Bucky clearly did not care if he was ordered to inject a deadly substance into Steve’s soulmate.
Tony blew him a kiss and Steve caught it and then pressed his hand to his mouth with a private smile just for Tony.
“W-Wade,” Peter gasped in warning.
Tony turned to Buck and jutted out his bottom lip and whined, “Pleaseee.”
His stomach was a jumble of nerves and he berated himself for doing something so stupid. Prior to the incident, Steve had been
Venom was clawing his way out of the back of Peter’s head and Peter easily read his intentions.
Tony’s car was still at the restaurant so the walked back carrying a bag with souvenirs, their prize bears, and the dwindling remains of cotton candy.
Steve wanted to grab him and scream that of course it was alright for him to touch him! Tony was his husband! He was the love of his life! He never needed to ask if he could touch him…But Steve did not say this because it was not entirely true…Steve wanted to throw himself into Tony’s arms but he was no longer just Tony’s husband…he was also Venom. This fact created a great divide between them that seemed uncrossable despite the fact that they were connected through their clasped hands.
Whenever Steve or Tony went out in public with Peter they always wore hologram masks.
They both fell silent as James washed out his mouth. James’s mind irrevocably returned to last night, when he and Natasha shared a large bottle of vodka and he revealed his American origins.
Raising Peter raised many eyebrows and drew more eyes and scrutiny on both him and Steve, but he would not change it for anything.
“Okay then,” Tony murmured, feeling a little emotional. “Go now so you don’t waste anymore charge.”
Tony grasped Steve’s shirt just under his collar and tried to kiss him.
And then there was little Wade again. Peter had been expecting to feel Wade's arousal as soon as they pressed together so intimately. He was ready for it this time. He could tell Wade was hardening and Peter would be remiss to admit it, but he was turned on as well. Peter tested the waters and moved his hips against Wade’s. Wade inhaled sharply but rutted against Peter in response.
It sounded right and wrong. His heart unclenched and was starting to race. He gasped, “I think you were close.”
Peter bit the back of his hand and moaned heatedly as Wade continued to suck. He wrapped his legs over Wade's shoulders and pressed his heels into Wade's back, pressing him to continue as he panted for breath. They'd both gone to bed nude the night prior so everywhere Peter touched was met with naked flesh.
Peter broke the kiss and asked, “Do you want to wear the mask?”
“You all know me, know who I am. I’ve spoken you to numerous occasions on the street or right here at the podium. One of my most famous press releases was done right here when I told the world I was Iron Man…For a long time, I have been called a ‘superhero’ and I gladly took the title and all that it entails. But I never saw myself as one of the greats, like Captain America. That man stood for truth, justice, and the American way…and he’s the reason why I called all of you here today.
Steve’s expression dropped a little but whatever fell was picked up in seconds and replaced by a nervous smile.
? Did the symbiote overtake all of you??”
at Wade.
Bucky had a smile on his face. It was small and barely curved the edges of his lips but it was there as he spoke to Peter. It fell upon their appearance. It still managed to stop Steve in his tracks.
“Where I keep my ammo and the weight also keeps my hips nice and trim,” Wade teased.
Tony held him a little tighter with the sentiment.
When he woke again he was in the arguably most comfortable hospital bed on the planet…and he felt better. Much better. He sat up and a figure leapt to its feet beside him.
A second later his soulmate flew into the room. All of Steve’s hurt and worry disappeared as soon as he saw Tony and he saw the same reflected in Tony’s eyes.
Clint grumbled indignantly under his breath but went to do as Natasha commanded. He pulled the flat screen off the wall then withdrew a knife from its holster on his upper thigh. He dug into the wall with the knife, trying to get the bullet out.
It was a horrible conundrum that scared the shit out of him.
Hulk turned back to Venom. He had the symbiote trapped in his grip and it shrieked and squirmed madly, trying to escape. Hulk leaned in and sniffed at Venom. Venom bit him and scratched at him with his black claws but Hulk no longer retaliated.
This is more of a prologue as I wanted to explore how Tony would handle trying to sleep now that he’d have to face the darkness whenever Steve woke and, of course, I did not go easy on the guy :)
The agents recognized them immediately and without question, let them in.
Steve tensed, his thoughts ran wild and confused, questioning loops.
“So you two met at the V.A.?” Tony asked. Tony didn’t even know Steve was attending V.A. meetings. What else did he not know about the super soldier?
James cajoled to Steve, “Come on, Stevie, we need to go. Stark is waiting for you.”
Steve rubbed his eyes and took several deep breaths to get his emotions under control. When the doors opened, Steve squared his shoulders and put on a brave face.
Bucky eventually asked, “Did Tony seem…weird today?”
On the monitors, Ben went to the front desk, and asked to see Dr. Mary Parker.
If there had been any blood left in Steve’s body, it was all gone now as the remainder shot straight to Steve’s burning cheeks after hearing the endearment.
“It was more than just watching each other,” Steve retorted with a pout to his friend.
Bucky wordlessly nodded and Tony was happy to see his gaze no longer looked so dead. He was obviously very confused.
Steve woke later than his usual time. He knew this because the sunlight that filtered through the metal blinds was bright and not muted like it was in the predawn hours.
Tony smirked as Steve sighed heavily. It was the best he was going to get from her. Bucky and Natasha traded quick, knowing smirks when Steve wasn't looking.
They kissed again but it was nothing like any of the other kisses. This was a kiss brought about by forbidden secrets being shared and the trust they had in each other. It was about how they both knew, at that moment, what it meant being soulmates. They were truly of one body and soul.
once he got back.
So Steve was fitted for the dress uniform and the day of the fundraiser it was delivered. It was the dark navy blue that was promised and much more comfortable than his old dress uniform. Phil helped him apply the thin, rectangular ribbons. He had a number of medals that he had earned for serving his country but Steve had to shake his head at the medals. The ribbons, above his left breast pocket, stated all that he did in the color coded bars and he did not need to be anymore flashy about it.
“We’re alive,” Tony stated as if clarifying the fact.
Tony ripped the ridiculous raincoat off Steve and pushed him onto the couch. He made quick work of his own clothes and he slid his naked body against Steve’s with a loud moan.
In the end, everyone was crying and mourning the loss of something great from their lives. Tony knew Steve would have been just as moved by the ceremony had he been there…
Peter winced internally at his misstep but quickly stated, “Uh um, I’m not giving out any trade secrets until after the Nobel prize.”
“Well, you did ask him to,” Tony teased. Steve’s bent down to grab his clothes and Tony couldn't help but pinch that perfect ass.
Steve watched him warily as soon as the truth was out. He knew this day would come but, even with years to prepare, he did not know how Tony was going to react or…or mourn.
It took a total of ten days for Colonel Phillips and the rest of the 107
“…I assisted the Goblin,” Mary replied.
Pepper smiled sadly and agreed, “Yes, it all centered around Iron Man. But I know you blame yourself for our failed relationship, yet, I am mostly to blame for it…”
Tony scratched and pushed at the metal limbs, but it wouldn’t budge.
“What happened in here? Is Barnes really back to normal?”
They walked up to it and Tony observed, “You do realize…this will be the first ever picture we take together?”
And there was that determined gaze again. He was serious. He was willing to die for her....just as Steve had been for Tony.
Tony was silent as he listened but did ask, “And Sam? Where is he?”
“The whole point of this party is for my friends and family to celebrate together…I don't want
A shrill beep sounded and shut Stark up immediately.
“We’ll meet again,” Steve promised, gently kissing his cheek for the last time.
When Wade passed over the threshold, the thick door was slammed shut and several locks clicked into place. There was a loud boom as another door closed and hissing as more locks moved into place.
He sounded so terribly naïve and he felt like a boy, being kissed for the first time by the neighbor girl again. But what Tony was suggesting, by God, it was more that a simple peck.
“You’re almost as bad as Stark,” Natasha told Clint without turning toward him.
Steve found himself blushing again.
He had to find a way to get word to Tony. He could not imagine what his husband was going through!
He healed slowly due to the cold but his eyes were moving, taking in the cell as he planned his escape.
Tony strolled among the troops and was beginning to spot out men he recognized. He grinned and nodded to them as he passed
And his chest…
Steve suddenly wrenched himself away from Tony and any clue or semblance that he was going to kiss him, came from the brush of hot breath wafting over Tony's lips and the cooling of the front of his body where Steve had been pressed against him.
“You can’t have us both.”
Steve grabbed Bucky’s unused cloth napkin and left the room without another word.
“You saw what I did. Those trigger words totally disabled me. I am dangerous. I should be put back into cryo until we find a way to fix my brain,” he stated grimly, not looking at her.
“Pops, just get dressed and don’t look at anything too close and Dad, give me your hand,” Peter said.
From the inner lining of his jacket pocket, Jarvis’ voice rose from the speaker of his phone with a simple, “Yes, sir.”
“Thor, I don’t think Tony’s a dad,” Bruce explained with a chuckle. He still on the comms despite being miles away in his lab where he kept the Hulk safely tucked away. Bruce continued, “And I’m tracking you right now Tony. You need to stop flying toward the Tower and continue your talk with Captain Glor—.”
When his Spidey-Sense usually went off, all his hair stood on end and he always felt a pressure on his body in the opposite direction of the danger with his muscles automatically tensing, readying him to jump away.
Peter buried his face in Steve’s chest and blubbered, “I don’ w-wanna hurted anyones.”
“We can go to America,” he whispered, already imagining taking Natasha down the same streets he and Steve ran down.
After a few steps, Tony pinched his arm and whispered, “I’ll give you everything until the end…”
He felt an excited thrill from Tony’s statement.
“Are you a mutant?” Was the first question that came out of Tony’s mouth.
But he didn’t go after her.
What if Steve finally died for real this time?
He went to the back of the restaurant and down the small hall to the bathroom and waited just beyond the doors. He only had to wait a few seconds before Steve followed him.
Wade cupped Peter’s cheek and murmured, “You’d really be okay with it. After everything they’d already put you through? They’ll be even more focused on you once they find out about me. How will you keep Spider-Man a secret?”
He dug his fingers into his thigh instead and reminded himself geeking out over his number two OTP will not sit right with anyone present. Plus, these were Peter’s parents. He needed to build an actual relationship with these men; he should not keep thinking them as these fictional characters he imagined being fluffy together because they were
“Hey, kid.” The bartender finally walked up to him and stated, “Only 21 or older at the bar.”
But then the past Steve reappeared and, half a second later, so did the past Tony.
Coulson slowly slipped his hand into Steve’s and they shook hands.
Bucky quickly raised his hands to calm Steve and stated, “We don’t know. That is why we are going to investigate first. But we
Pops stormed into the room, looking as angry as Uncle Bucky did. Uncle Bucky jolted to a stop and Pops tore Peter out of arms. He held Peter before him, his feet dangling in the air, and looked over him. Not a second later, did Uncle Tony step beside his pops and look with Peter with such worry that it made Peter’s gut drop. Uncle Tony reached out and grasped the side of his face and his fingers dug into Peter’s scalp as he searched Peter’s face.
Natasha’s hand shot out and touched the pulse point in Tony’s neck. Her mouth thinned and she hissed, “His pulse is weak.” Natasha looked at Steve and demanded, “Did you see what she did to him? Where he was stabbed?”
Steve turned to the trickster with an air of horror and the alien laughed.
“Fury is dead,” Pepper gasped and Tony’s head shot back up to stare incredulously at her. She continued, “He was killed at Steve’s apartment.”
Tony smirked in anticipation and placed hand over Steve’s heart. He slowly circled Steve and ran his hand along Steve’s body. Steve stood still as Tony whispered, “I never learned any traditional dance moves. There’s no boy or girl position. It’s just like sex, we work together, and your “dancing position” is to either take pleasure, give pleasure, or do both.” Steve’s eyes widened almost comically and, beneath his hand, he felt Steve tremble. Tony huskily whispered, “Everything I learned was from dark and dirty clubs where you couldn’t see your dance partner…” Tony’s hand ran over Stave’s ass and he cupped it similarly as he did when they made love. Steve inhaled sharply and Tony added, “And you knew your dance partner only by touch.”
Tony grasped his jaw and made Steve look at him straight in the eye as he stated, “No, Steve I love you and I want to worship the man I love not just with my heart, but with my body as well.”
“Will you join me for lunch?” Steve asked. Tony glanced guiltily over to the piece of armor he was working on. Steve reiterated, “Or perhaps I can make us something and we can eat down here?”
Tony sat up straighter upon the accusation and gasped, “Whaaatt?”
Steve tightened his hold on Tony’s waist and took a long, steadying breath. He was the team’s leader and he embraced the persona as he stated with authority, “It will go away.”
Her feet were aching from ballet practice and the cold was making it worse but she ignored it. The part of the park she was in was secluded. No one would notice her eliminate her target.
“Pep, you’re not making sense,” Tony argued. “You aren't at fault! You're perfect! I'm the damaged one!”
“You’re babbling fairly quickly,” Steve gasped. He felt like he was going into shock. This could not be happening. Tony was not really saying these things. His mind filtered through the last few days he had seen Tony more and he had been touching Steve more: resting his hand on Steve's shoulder or arm, touching his hand in passing, sitting next to him on the couch so close that they were touching, and the staring... that was what he noticed the most was the staring. He thought Tony was looking for the right moment to ask Steve if he could build Peter a jetpack
"Gave...
Steve teased him as Tony took his time with the settings. It was all in good fun and Tony snickered along with him. Tony could perceive the excitement in Steve's voice and it made him happy to hear. Tony knew Steve was just as thrilled as Tony was about finally getting the reactor running.
Tony took the shield and watched him step back with a stark expression.
“What she said,” Tony sarcastically stated. He held up his club soda and asked, “You want a drink, the ladies make a mean cocktail?”
[What do you mean? We’re still ugly.]
Natasha’s challenge broke Peter out of his embarrassment and he retorted, “You’re on, the loser buys the team pizza.”
“It’s her,” Tony replied, his face growing stony. “You’re right. She isn’t human but an android. She does not have any weapons.”
“When I was serving my time, I didn’t just sit idly. I worked with a doctor and spoke with people about my problems. I was messed up when we created Venom. My girlfriend was talking about leaving me…my dad had just disowned me…I could barely afford to live on what I was making…my life seemed like it was falling apart and – and Venom was the only good thing in it. I became manic about it, which was partly Venom’s influence, but I shouldn’t have let it hurt you in order to get what I wanted…”
“Yes, Sir.”
She was just a child but had been in the Red Room Academy long enough to know not to hope for something as fantastical as true love or a soulmate. Her life was dedicated to the Academy. There was no time for anything else. When her timer displayed a countdown of over sixteen years, she had no reaction.
“He did it to save you,” she whispered and Peter’s resolve crumbled.
“I think we’re going to be good parents,” Tony stated.
Steve sat up on Tony’s waist and Tony pushed himself up by his elbows. Tony picked up the metal box that had fallen from his grip and reopened it. Steve held out his left hand and Tony slid it onto his ring finger. Steve stared at it, breathless.
Tony smirked at him and Steve slapped his arm, gasping, “Tony, did you actually do it!?”
He sauntered up to the men and murmured, “Well, fancy seeing you two here.”
Steve returned to camp like a man ready for his first battle.
He stared at her, as if he were trying to assess that she was real, and then, with a rough voice, said, “Hey.”
to me!”
Steve chuckled and leaned in to steal another kiss as he buttoned up his shirt. He reminded Tony, “No clothes will get in the way on that island you’re taking us to.”
Steve stilled as his vision began to fade. Before everything went black, he saw conflicting emotions war on Bucky’s face as the Winter Soldier and Bucky fought for dominance. There was anger from the Soldier and despair from Bucky.
The rest of the week went like this. Both of them were persistent but it was also tearing both of them apart.
“I am my own master now and I want my freedom,” the Soldier stated, getting to his feet. His height forced her to look up but she kept her strong stance.
He couldn’t help but remember the older Tony calling him “Howard” instead of “Dad” and Howard was resolved to change that.
“Are you getting hard already?” Tony gasped suddenly when he felt Steve’s dick rising again. He pushed himself up to his elbows, freeing the light from his arc reactor and looked down to confirm.
“Heya, Buck,” Steve whispered, sounding tired and sad.
Panzer gave him simple things to fix so he was done in a jiffy leaving Tony with endless amounts of time to just think and imagine…and
“Sir, Colonel Fury demands an immediate audience with you. He wishes to know what you just brought into the house,” Jarvis stated. “…As does Miss Potts.”
Steve and Tony waited off stage as the host was teasing the audience with the coming of surprise guests. Makeup artists swooped in and put some last minute touches on both of them. Tony talked and teased both women with ease. Steve fidgeted like he was having a seizure and was too nervous to even make polite conversation.
Harry did not notice his surprise and rolled his eyes as he dragged Peter out of the bedroom. He stated, “Let’s make a deal. When I beat you, you have to go take a shower.”
Finding him, however, was a whole other task.
The answering silence on the phone made Steve second guess calling Bucky. Maybe he was regretting ever taking Steve to that hotel. Bucky answered slowly, “…Brooklyn Bridge. The usual spot.”
Rhodes, Pepper, and Happy came next. Happy was pushed in a wheelchair by Pepper and Tony ran to them as soon as they came in. He hugged all three but hugged Happy the longest. He had just recently woken up from his coma and it still created unabashed joy in Tony to see him awake. Peter greeted Happy similarly and made Happy let Peter sit on his lap as Pepper wheeled him the rest of the way in.
. This beast, he and his host inherently knew to be the source of all their hunger and hurts. For a moment, Venom was tempted only to kill, not just to consume but just to end the beast’s life.
“My hair?” Steve asked, taken-aback by this new turn.
“Romanoffffffff,” Tony groaned, turning to where she stood by Thor as he held her soulmate. “Please give me and Steve five more minutes to be cliché as we reconnect in a lovey dovey manner!”
Why did he let it go so far??
Steve motioned to remove the robe himself but Tony stopped him and teased, “Patience. This is my present to unwrap.”
“Yes,” Steve gasped before Tony’s words really registered in his mind.
How was he supposed to help the ones he loved if he was crippled as he was with these anxieties and even more so with the reactor in his chest?
She bit her lip and nodded anxiously. She asked, “C-Can I do anything?”
He walked over to Steve and stared into his eyes as if he was daring him to break eye contact. He leaned over the tub and placed a hand high on Steve’s thigh for leverage. As he turned on the tub, he gripped him tightly and his hold curled inward coming within centimeters of his crotch. Tony arched his back as he turned on the water and Steve squirmed under his touch, moaning lightly in the back of his throat as his eyes trailed down his naked backside. He was so tempted to reach out and pull Tony into him but held back. The doctor told him not to do anything physical and if he tired Tony would put an end to the little game they were playing. And Steve still had yet to make any moves yet.
Steve confirmed that Peter was his son and that his mother was dead but he did not reveal who she was or the fact that Hydra was involved and had raised and experimented on him the first two years of his life.
Steve got to his feet and opened his good arm to Bucky, saying, "One more hug for your favorite punk?"
“A little of both,” Steve said with a laugh.
Maybe one day they’d come out with a surprise wedding too.
“He…” Peter paused as he searched for the right words he could use that would not upset Stark’s teammate. He continued, “Stark…Why did he reach out to me?”
Clint groaned and Thor grasped Bucky’s shoulder in pity.
She held up her hand and said, “I’ve got this. Let me talk to him. He knows me even though he doesn’t remember it right now.”
“Tony?” Steve whispered and lightly ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. Tony nearly melted into Steve’s gentle touch. He turned back around, pressing his head into Steve’s hand and finally met the super soldier’s sad eyes.
“Holy shit,” Eddie cursed.
“Woah, there, Cap,” Clint gasped, catching Steve. “Maybe you should lay back down?”
Wade chuckled and replied, “It’s okay, baby boy. I was kinda expecting you to bring that up sooner or later. I’ve had the morals lecture from Cap a couple times now so I figured his little boy would have the same kind of morals.”
Peter looked to his side at the mirror on the wall and saw Tony Stark staring back at him in the reflection. His gaze shot down and shame burned in his gut.
“You may not remember me, Cap,” Cable retorted. “But I remember you. The man I remember loved his husband more than life itself and I know you’ll do nothing to jeopardize his life. You had to watch him die once and I bet that is one time too many for you…”
The only sign of Steve’s distress were his brows pinched tightly together and the way his eyes glistened. He then tightly wrapped his arms around himself and Tony saw his knuckles turn white under the pressure. He nodded sharply in agreement but didn’t seem able to voice anything.
Steve shook his head and murmured, “Nothing…Unless you can bring me back to life…absolutely nothing.”
“Are these guys bothering you?” He asked Pepper with that smirk still in place.
They tried several places but only once Steve slid the notebook between the books did the picture begin to change back.
“More Palladium must be leaking out than usual,” Gabe stated to Tony, but it was loud enough for all of them to hear. “Your body can’t handle this much metal poisoning. It’s only going to get worse from here on…”
Steve waved him over and whispered, “Come here. Let’s step inside for a moment...”
He didn’t even warn them.
Now Steve’s mind was spinning from what Bucky was revealing to him.
“Nooo,” Peter grumbled.
Steve walked over to them with his eyes on Venom the entire time.
“Why would Hulk think Peter’s his brother?” Steve hissed.
With his other hand, Tony was unlocking all the secrets the flash drive had to hide, hacking SHIELD with Sam’s laptop, and making it look like the hack was coming from a small library in southern Maine. He wished for his holloscreens but made due with Sam’s outdated laptop and kept most of his grumbling about lack of a touchscreen to a minimum.
“My dad wants to meet up,” Peter mumbled as he replied to the text.
Steve closed his eyes to escape the sight of his implant and whispered, “Hail, Hydra.”
With that look, Steve knew they were going to be okay.
Tony’s fingers tightened into Steve’s flesh as he reminded himself that this was his fault.
“Where’s Tony?!” Steve demanded.
Uncle Thor cursed something under his breath in Asgardian. The curse was directed at the Tower and Peter was glad it was not because of his slip in strength. The Norse God probably did not even notice Peter’s squeezing him tighter than necessary.
Wade asked, “How are you feeling?” He shifted against Peter, moving closer to him by hooking his legs behind Peter's.
Loki stepped into the room from the balcony, his sly green eyes took in the gathered company and he smiled. “It is nice to see all of you again.”
Steve nodded and bent down to get an arm under Tony’s lax legs. He hefted his light frame into his arms and Tony groaned lightly. Steve murmured to Peggy, “Your medic probably got pulled in to help another…we have a lot of injured…Bucky…Bucky thinks he has a concussion.”
And then it was only a cold, cold darkness.
“Is it him?”
Pepper and his father exchanged loaded glances, making their answer totally clear.
“You are crazy about him. There’s no way you can fake it. You’re going to fall for him and when it ends you’re going to come crawling back to me again and I’m going to have to mend the pieces.”
The President tensed and his head shot up in the direction of the door.
Tony would recreate the robots or motherboards he was working on and explain what he was trying to do to Steve. He’d even started to teach Steve how these things worked. Steve was intimidated at first, but, was eventually beginning to understand what Tony was doing.
He saw Uncle Clint before the archer saw him and did not let his stride falter. Uncle Clint’s eyes widened in alarm when he spotted him and he yelled, “PETER STOP!”
“Do you remember what you were saying?” Steve asked guardedly.
“Good morning to you as well, my fine lady,” Tony retorted, tipping his coffee mug to her.
Dear God…Tony – Tony was…
Bucky smiled like Steve had never seen before, so full of hope and excitement. Natasha had not called him boss in such a long time Steve had wondered if he had ever really heard it. Bucky reacted like it was more than a term of endearment. He quickly took Peter’s spot and his son sat on the edge of the mat, watching his aunt and uncle with a serious focus.
Steve chuckled and then Tony reached out to Steve and carded their fingers together. His ring finger curled and lightly rubbed at Steve’s ring. Steve leaned toward Tony with a warm smile, his joy blossomed starting from his heart and spreading throughout his body.
Venom’s body had yet to reform and was flailing wildly in tendrils around Peter. Steve ran from the cage, dodged Venom, and knelt next to his son. He was afraid to touch him, nonetheless move him. Peter looked as if his skin was as delicate as tissue paper and his bones as fragile as fine glass.
Wade had been tempted to madly throw himself into the search, but he didn’t know the man nor did he know where to start. But Peter’s father instantly went to work, searching in his own way with his vast technical network.
They stripped as slowly as they kissed and made love at just as a slow of pace. There was no hurry between them. As they gazed into each other’s eyes, they both wordlessly shared in their love and the knowledge that this was forever.
As he stared at the sleeve, it moved and covered the rest of his arm and hand. He watched in fascination as it spun around each individual finger until he lost all sight of his flesh.
“He's my son, Steve,” Tony rationalized. “It's because he's related to me that this is happening. I just want to keep him safe…”
Smiling widely, Steve rose up to meet his kiss, gripping his hips tightly and pressing Tony down onto Steve's already growing erection.
“Good, now send me a suit and tell them I will right behind them,” Tony stated and unfroze the screen. It was a view from a different camera but it was still pointed at Steve’s face.
“Come here, милая,” Natasha called out to her son. Stepan followed Peter out, leaving the Bartons alone in their splash battle.
“So can we,” Clint added, nodding to himself and Natasha, and stifling a chuckle.
Peter dropped his head and adjusted his hold on Tony’s shirt. He whispered, “…But I did, Dad. I saw it. It…it happened with my hands…” His blue eyes flickered back up and he whispered, “I’m not a child anymore.”
“So is mine, baby boy. You make my mind twist about every time you enter the room,” Wade murmured, rubbing his face against Peter’s.
All Steve knew about Cable was his name and it was his device that could move them through time but, at that moment, he wanted to hug him tightly and with as much feeling as he would Bucky or Tony.
There was only one thing he could do now to help Tony and that was to get him back to the future.
“Well spoken…” Bruce scoffed from the couch.
Tony should have been worrying over the space time continuum again…but Steve was smiling at him. Tony’s insides warmed as he smiled back at his super soldier. He leaned into his side and held both of his hands with both of his, where they belonged.
– Rogers was
Steve bumped into Tony on the way out of his bedroom and almost knocked him over. He caught his friend before he fell to the floor and held him so close that Tony’s heart beat against Steve’s where their chests touched.
. I just want to go out and do normal Peter Parker stuff
As he kissed him, Steve whispered, “It’s nothing…Forget it…We’re friends with benefits, nothing more…Forget it, Tony…Forget it…”
“Director Coulson said he was going to assign you to the president’s detail,” Natasha said. “But that was before you ran off with a known felon and spent the night with him.”
They both dived back into their work with gusto. They’d both been in the program for over a year and had been working on their protoplasm research since the beginning.
, this was what he wanted.
And everywhere Peter looked he saw weapons.
Feeling guilty, Steve whispered, “Tony, I…”
“Don’t think about it,” Steve whispered against his lips. He kissed the corner of his mouth, then the corner of his jaw, and then he started to make his way down his neck. His hands trailed over Tony's body, making him arch and moan in appreciation. Steve murmured, “Think only about this right now – about me. Let me make you so tired, you fall asleep, thinking only of us.”
!” Tony retorted and fired at Fury.
The last time Tony had spoken with his father, they argued about his future. Tony had wished he could take back that moment ever since. It was the last time he saw both of his parents alive and he hadn’t even said goodbye to them because he was so upset…He hadn’t know the true meaning of upset until the next day when he had to identify their bodies and face the horrible truth that they were gone forever.
Bruce groaned.
He knelt beside Tony and grasped his hands as he peered uneasily at the hole in his chest.
“Jarvis says he is in Tennessee,” Natasha stated with a scowl.
”...You know the first sign of a robot invasion is the robots not obeying orders,” Tony observed.
“Cap, it will be short, but I have a feeling we are going to have a memorable time together.”
of all people to be left out…” Peter stubbornly jutted out his bottom lip and leaned heavily onto Wade. He murmured, “It isn’t right…You’re my boyfriend…”
Steve went straight to Tony. He lightly kissed his lips and chastised him, “You weren’t in bed this morning. You slipped into in the workshop after I fell asleep, didn’t you?”
Steve woke to the feeling of a gentle caress on his arm.
Steve had to stop him. He had to jump to his feet and try to stop the Hulk but…
“Wait a sec-!” One of the Americans interrupted. Without looking at him, Tony raised a hand with his repulsor glowing and the man shut up.
“So much for getting ideas off this,” Steve sighed. Natasha and Bucky’s relationship were vastly different than Steve and Tony’s. He did not think it would have worked but he was glad they still talked about it. It was a piece of Tony he never knew and now knowing it made him love him even more.
, baby boy,” Wade retorted, nuzzling his nose into Peter’s neck.
To test their theory, Peter thought a command at the mass.
Steve laughed and kissed him deeply. They drew apart, all smiles, and hands tracing each other’s bodies. Steve pressed his forehead to Tony’s and whispered, “I’ve never been happier than right now.”
Steve bunched his brows together in confusion as he tried to wrap together Tony’s medical need with fireworks and Peter in a suit. It made no sense. He gasped, “Wha—?”
“Do you really have to go?” Steve asked, desperate to keep him there with him.
“I—,” Tony grunted. There was a large bang and Tony bit back a moan.
“Good morning, beloved,” Tony whispered. He tilted his head and pressed a gentle kiss onto Steve’s lips. Tony shifted closer to Steve, draping his arm over Steve’s side, and pressing his face into Steve’s chest. He released a happy sigh and murmured, “I like the look of you in my bed.”
Their mouths broke apart and they shared breathless gasps. Tony looked over his shoulder and grinned ecstatically at their friend. He could only imagine how happy and debouched he looked. His lips felt puffy and wet and Steve had run his hands through his hair so it had to look mussed.
His eyes refocused on the blood coating his arms and torso.
Between the super soldiers and the Asgardians, the cake was completely devoured quickly. They moved on to the presents next. Steve sat on one of the bunny’s legs with Peter on his lap and together they opened Peter’s gifts.
He was so scared this was all a dream and he was going to wake up soon.
“We’ll see, sniper, we’ll see,” Natasha teased, making Bucky smirk a little.
Tony nodded, “You are a furnace.”
Fury was a man of information. He needed to know everything in order to properly do his job. It was for the good of his country and the world at large that he is kept informed. So when he was told a consultant, known to be hostile and belligerent, was knowingly hiding a super soldier from him, it made Fury suspicious.
How was it possible Tony ever assumed he could shoulder Steve’s death without it affecting him?? They’d just entered the serious territory of their relationship and Tony already didn’t want to let him go.
Peter’s eyes popped open and he exclaimed in pain.
The first scene in this chapter is the same memory Steve reflected on in the last moment of the prior chapter. It takes place not long after the events in Warm (part three), before Steve and Tony got married and Peter was still a toddler.
With a deep sigh, Peter whispered, “This feels amazing.”
I actually made it into reality.”
Eventually, the fantasy had to end.
Tony’s chest felt more tighter than before as he stared back into his suit’s unflinching gaze.
“I will be there by tonight. I will take one of SHIELD’s quinjets and –,” Steve started to say, rising to start packing his and Peter’s things.
The man wasn’t wearing any protection like Tony’s armored suit and, with the high ceilings in his workshop, he doubted the man hadn’t broke one or more bones in the fall.
In the hour he spent there, he had a number of people ask him for an autograph or a picture. A few paparazzi somehow found him and snapped pictures of him eating from a distance. None of them approached him which he was grateful for. He did not want to deal with them.
“Or woman,” Natasha added dryly upon Tony’s final exclamation.
He knew this would happen but his heart was nowhere ready for it.
He turned around to find Bruce sitting in the guest chair behind him. He was sleeping with his head cushioned on his own arm on the arm of the chair.
He could feel his mind slipping. He needed nutrition. He needed rest. He needed to heal. But, most importantly, he needed to escape.
Tony didn’t look down at his chest cavity like everyone else was. The smoke was definitely coming from the inside of the reactor. Which was a big fucking problem because that was where the more fragile and complicated materials were…
Peter and Steve separated, both of them rubbing their eyes and smiling. Steve replied, “Peter just agreed to the adoption. We’re officially going to be a family!” Steve cupped the side of Peter’s face and stared lovingly at Peter. Peter preened under the attention and smiled happily up at the man who wanted to adopt him…his Pops.
What use was his pride if his mate was dead?
“Buck, we wouldn’t do anything foolish,” Steve admonished his best friend.
“Okay, then you’ll be riding with me the rest of the way so I can keep an eye on you,” Gabe stated.
Tony pouted but he announced, “I’ll put a few hours in at the reactor. Holler if you need me.”
“I don’t know, depends on the Mandarin.”
Peter turned to the agent and pressed, “Please?”
Clint was the first to venture into the room, most likely to play a game on the TV’s entertainment system. The archer jolted to a stop when he saw him and grimaced as he murmured, “Oh God, I can see evidence. You have
Pepper smiled widely and laughed, “It’s nice to meet you, Steve.”
Ms. Potts’ expression became more perplexed and she garbled, “When…How…
Howard continued to stare at him, completely dumbfounded.
Peter frowned and turned away from Wade.
He and Tony were working in tandem again. Tony was fought in the skies and Steve fought and directed the battle on the ground.
His dad smirked and tapped his cheek, saying, “Love you, kid.”
Tony pressed a button at his workstation and said, “I promised you a dance.”
Steve was humming happily to himself as he was getting dressed. His run, although emotionally traumatic, was physically refreshing; the hot shower he just took relaxed his muscles; and, oh, he and Tony kissed. Really kissed – not fake kissed – kissed-kissed. As in “Tony was not doing it for the cameras but only for Steve” kissed.
“He’s a baby, everyone likes to spoil a baby,” Bruce said with a shrug. He looked back into his microscope and murmured, “If it bothers you so much, why don’t you ask Tony about it yourself?”
“This is amazing!” Bruce gasped. He pulled up his holo-files, the glowing holographs portrayed Bruce’s personal files on Peter, the older Hydra files from when he was first born, and his research on spiders. He went into the spider files and started looking through the collections. He pulled up images of spider legs and microscopic views of the limbs. Bruce looked at the images, starting to shake in his excitement, then raced back to the microscope to look at Peter’s hand again.
He wound his arms around her and pressed her tightly into his embrace. He buried his nose in her red hair and inhaled deeply. Her scent always brought forth distant feelings of times long past.
Natasha and Bucky's relationship is obviously progressing a little faster and that is only so I can break them sooner! >:D
“Shut up, punk!”
Tony remembered that moment. It was right after they said their I Do’s.
Steve glanced over to Tony but the older man did not look up from his screen.
to save him does not mean you have to take this out on me!”
“No delays,” Tony replied. “I’ll be done by next week. Can we get approval from the city for an early connection?”
“I have not seen a bed since you fucking disappeared into a WWII Hydra fucking time machine, Stark,” Fury growled. “I am done with this shit. I know you are a resource, but I didn’t use you in Colorado because you were not there. If you want to be of use, stay in the fucking area and I will call you with his next sighting.”
“Yes,” Cable stated forcefully. “We’re on his special ops. Now where is Stark?”
The smile he had greeted Tony with, slipped off his face and Steve gasped, “W-What?”
Peter groaned again and burrowed back under his pillow.
“Nope!” Tony replied.
“He’s knocked out,” Tony whispered.
Grasping for an explanation, Steve tried to reason, “I-I’m not attracted to men.”
He held onto Bucky until the man fell asleep. Peter also began to nod off. They both were probably awake all night worrying over Steve.
“…Buc-,” Steve started to say, reaching out to him.
Tony’s grin widened and he laughed playfully, “You sound like you are quoting something from a Disney movie!”
They needed to investigate this alone just in case this woman was an imposter and she had ulterior motives. But still, if it was his mother…they thought it best they meet in a more controlled environment. Peter’s presence would definitely complicate things…
Alone and trapped in his suit, Tony could do nothing but wait.
He got a little queasy but the flight was over before he knew it. It usually would have taken him much longer through his usual route with public transportation.
Steve grinned and couldn’t hold back the slight blush that flushed his cheeks. As Bucky opened the door, he stated, “This sounds like the plot to a really weird H.G. Wells novel.”
Just as they were cleaning up dinner, all of their communicators went off. Steve was the first to pull his out and answer it.
concentrate. He wanted a sixth but Jarvis had locked down the espresso machine, stating it was for health reasons.
“Jesus Mother Fucking Christ,” Fury cursed, pinching the bridge of his nose. He rounded on Wade and hissed, “You had to snatch them up just as they’re getting started??”
It was a hot summer day so Steve walked into the city. He dried off fairly quickly and marveled at the sights as he walked. The buildings, the people, and even the cars had changed in the decades since he had last been home. Yet little things still remained whether it was an old building that was still standing or a tree that had grown, Steve smiled whenever he saw them.
He was so relieved that his Aunt May was already in bed when he got home. He hoped, with his advanced healing factor, the cut would be gone by morning. If it was not, he had going to come up with another lie about what happened to him.
‘Then anywhere that glowing heart of yours desires :)’ Steve’s reply made Tony bite down on his lip to keep from smiling too goofily. Steve’s flirting always made him feel giddy.
“You used to be smaller,” he whispered, his voice hitching pathetically as his eyes became glassy.
It started off on the right track. Tony had Bucky tell them about how he and Natasha had originally gone from comrades to lovers when they were working with the Red Room. Steve assumed he was gathering intel on how best to approach Natasha, not gathering ideas.
Over the years, the area had changed. Originally, it was just a corner with an old couch which Tony used to crash on when he was too exhausted to go up to his apartment. Now it had a huge couch that all three of them could lounge on. Steve had claimed the area as his own and his favorite fleece blanket lay over the back of the couch. Steve’s sketchbook sat on a side table along with a cup of pencils for him to pick from. A floor lamp sat behind the side table and its bulb hung over the spot were Steve usually sketched. The wall behind the couch was covered with pictures of their huge family made up of Steve, Tony, Peter, the Avengers, and the Parkers.
“Thank you, Jarv-,” Tony began to say but Jarvis was not done.
Natasha stepped next to Ben and murmured, “It is going to happen but you can bet the rest of us are going to fight like hell to keep him and every one of us safe.”
Steve looked at his lawyer and the man smiled just a tad. He grabbed a manila folder off the table and got to his feet in a quick rush.
Steve rolled his eyes at his fiancé. Of course, of all of the the little tidbits of information to latch onto, it had to be that factor. Tony smirked at Steve and pinched his arm in the same spot they’d used in their secret flirtation during the War. Steve wordlessly carded his fingers into Tony’s hand and the nanobots needed no prompting to move so that Steve was holding Tony’s flesh and blood hand. Steve lightly squeezed his hand in a silent promise.
Tony sighed heavily and then reached between them to grasp Steve’s hand. He murmured, “That’s not all…or did you forget you made this crooked heart learn to love?”
Steve angled his head up and kissed the side of Tony’s neck and whispered into his flesh, “I love you too.”
“The paparazzi strike again,” Tony groaned.
No matter how much he fought it, he could not deny that he still loved Bucky.
“I’ll save it for when half of your face doesn’t look charred. Is there anything I can do for you? Anything?”
The super soldier plucked the brush from his hand and said, “Lean back.”
But Tony broke their kiss and pulled out of their embrace. Steve groaned with need and pouted at Tony. Tony was smiling and whispered, “Our island getaway, remember?”
The Soldier moved quickly. Thor was stronger than him so he used his speed to twist in his hold and break away from the Norse God.
Until he finally came to his newest contact and the last name on his contact list: Wade Wilson.
They shared a shower, got dressed together, used the same mirror as they brushed their teeth, and then Tony latched onto Steve’s side as they lay down for bed.
He had no idea how he ended up in the future, but, he was there, and in the same era as Tony like he had desperately craved. He needed to somehow get to his lover and find out if he time traveled yet. But he had no idea how to find Tony or who he could trust to ask.
A Latin American, middle aged woman and her son stepped out of the deli with a stuffed brown bag. With the serum, Steve’s sense of smell was extraordinary and he could scent the sandwiches they had ordered. He smelled the crisp lettuce, the ripe tomatoes, the rich sausage, fresh turkey and ham, and the various condiments sprinkled on with an odd assortment of smells. His stomach gurgled.
With an amused tone, Tony murmured, "I like how you guys redecorated the place."
Tony’s heart felt like it was being crushed in its anticipation of seeing the sole reason for its existence.
Steve stiffened beside him as he looked around them and gasped, “Those people saw…”
. This wasn’t some Howling Commando mission scouting out for info…
Tony stared at the doors and was immediately at war with himself. He too wanted to be by Steve’s side but he didn’t think he could bare seeing them cut into him.
Tony raised his gaze and met his super soldier’s eyes. Everything in Steve’s expression was open with his love but his facial features were also clearer than he’d ever seen before. He ran his thumb over a freckle on Steve’s cheek that he’d never seen before and, for the first time, felt the stubble on his face.
He longed for a fight and to hit someone to unleash the pain that was bottled up inside.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand and whispered, “I am alive, you don’t need to worry about me anymore. We need to worry about Peter now…”
“That’s fine; but tell him to keep his phone on him and if there is any sign of danger to tell Jarvis,” Dad retorted.
Tony snorted, “Very romantic…”
Steve was right, this was 100% better.
{But we’re happy} the voice retorted knowingly.
Peter snickered and sighed contently as he watched the clouds float by.
Tony overheard Dum Dum exclaim loudly on the other end, but then he lowered his voice and Bucky’s eyes became a little glassy. The Winter Soldier sat down at the counter and mumbled, “It’s a long story, Dum Dum…it’s…it’s good to hear your voice…”
Tony’s insides churned with a bitter hurt that left a sour taste in his mouth. He was torn from being angry at Steve for his betrayal…to wanting to fall into his comforting arms and let his presence take away all his fears about his ailing body.
“I love your aunt,” Wade declared, shutting the door behind him.
Natasha rolled her eyes and, as she turned back to the elevator, said, “I can make no promises.”
Tony crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the counter directly across from Steve. The blush faded from Steve’s face and he looked questionably at Tony.
All thoughts about the frequency faded as Tony looked down at his son and heard the ingrained upset in his voice. The walls Tony had been building ever since he woke crumbled upon the single word his son muttered. Tears collected in his eyes and he gathered Peter in his arms. Peter had a similar reaction and began to weep as soon as Tony collected him in his embrace.
The whimpering dwindled to a stop and Steve sighed gently to himself. He didn't know how long he had with his soulmate but right there and then he swore to himself he’d make every day special.
It was never a coincidence that his runs always led him past Tony’s house. He never approached the gates or paused across the street. He just ran by, making sure the Goblin wasn’t in sight and…and, a small part of him hoped he’d see Tony outside – even if it was just a passing glance.
“A-And your memories? You had Uncle Ben convinced…”
Tony slumped back into his bed and gasped, “Thank you.”
The first shot hit close to Steve’s head, destroying a nearby tree with its blue light.
If something was better, he either surpassed it or he destroyed it.
Peter’s grip tightened exponentially. Wade lightly patted the top of their conjoined hands and cheerfully greeted, “Heyia, Mr. Stark!”
“Uh…Mornin’,” Tony announced his presence. His heart was racing with his increased adrenaline like his body expected to be attacked by something akin to a rabid dog at any moment.
Tony smiled and promised, “Every day.” He placed his hand on the back of Steve’s neck and drew him back down. Steve returned the kiss with everything he had. He could not imagine a time before feeling so happy and loved.
Steve and Tony’s lives molded together easily. Tony woke up every morning in Steve’s arms and never grew tired of seeing his initial smile whenever he woke.
Peter peered fearfully at the cylinder and asked, “Pops?” Or was it Dad? Why would either want to give Peter such a dangerous thing…Whatever it was, did they not know it was dangerous?
“Yes, sir.”
“Steve, I – we—we – you can’t do this,” Bruce hissed behind him from the open door.
Natasha ran to his side and hissed, “Steve, are you sure Peter is really in there?”
Not Howard.
“The time glove was on my hand when the Goblin ripped it off so it just must be laying in the tall grass anywhere in between,” Wade rationalized. “Beast can probably sniff it out!”
Cable offered him a razor and shaving cream when his scruff became noticeable, but Steve forwent it, not wanting to shave until their mission was done and Tony was safe. When his growing beard itched, he’d imagine Tony’s reaction to it and his fingers running through the coarse hair. With the serum, everything in him was faster, including his hair growth so within the week the scruff was gone. He trimmed his beard so he didn’t look shaggy but didn’t touch his hair…he just pulled it back when it got too long like Bucky had in the 21st century.
“It’s nothing,” Steve hissed in return.
“Stay here,” Bucky grumbled. “I have to ditch the bike.”
Steve must have been equally shocked as Tony and was stunned silent. His breathing continued to hitch but he was calming down. Tony’s kiss was probably as good as a slap to the face…
Coulson’s brows pinched together and he cupped Clint’s face. With a pained voice, Steve had never heard from the usually calm agent, Coulson gasped, “I'm sorry, son.”
Peter yawned deeply and rubbed his eyes. Steve went to Peter’s bedroom, planning on changing him into some pajamas. He sat Peter on his bed and went over the dresser. As Steve opened the top drawer to his dresser, Peter sleepily asked, “Why’s Uncle Bucky sleeping here?”
They may have never fallen in love if it weren’t for that first initial jolt.
Hulk had become melancholy and was quick to shrink in his depression, leaving Bruce to stare desolately at one of Peter’s toys that had been left on the couch. He was doing much better than Bucky who was rocking to himself on the other end of the couch and refusing to speak. Natasha sat next to him with a hand centered on his back, rubbing small circles into his flesh.
Peter and Tony though…only time would tell if they’d be alright in the end too...
When they separated, Tony lightly squeezed Steve’s hand but so badly wanted to kiss him in departing instead. Tony went back to the Jeep with Panzer while Steve returned to the Colonel.
He wanted to share more mornings like this with him.
Tony slowly got to his feet and walked over to Bucky’s trembling form. He kneeled next to him and gently placed a hand on his back. Bucky flinched like he was struck but Tony did not pull away, in fact, he decided he wasn’t going to hold back and fully enveloped him into an embrace. Bucky seemed to stop breathing altogether and Tony hissed, “I forgive you for what you did because you had no choice in the matter. They brainwashed you. They took your mind. It wasn’t
The Winter Soldier stared at her, sizing her up, and nodded to himself. He turned around and walked to the other side of the roof. He pointed down and said, “He’s here.”
“No, no…Why Sharon again?” Steve asked about Sharon, looking beyond confused. He smiled bashfully at Tony and said, “I-It’s perfect…I – Yes, let’s do it.”
Steve turned around and followed Bucky’s gaze.
Sam was still there. He had a feeling the team were going to work in shifts to keep an eye on him. Tony did not think too deeply on their motives and, at that moment, he pretended the man wasn’t there so he wouldn’t feel too embarrassed about giving in to his grief. Sam was silent and pretended to be to engrossed in his newspaper to notice the few shuddering breaths Tony couldn’t suppress.
, Tony.” Steve dropped his head forward until it lightly bumped into his boyfriend’s shoulder. The relationship between them may no longer be fake but its history was…He murmured, “Maybe we should just tell the truth…”
The days turned into weeks.
Tony smirked at the pair and then walked over. He ran a gentle hand over the toddler’s back, gently pet his soft hair, and then, as he pulled away, he promptly flicked Bucky’s nose. Bucky swung at him but Tony dodged him, muffling his mouth to not make any noise and hold back his laughter. If Bucky hadn’t been wary of waking Peter, he would have gotten him, instead he flipped Tony off and closed his eyes again. Tony sparred the two one last warm smile before heading back into the direction of his workshop.
– for any sign of life. Natasha counted down and they turned him over.
He still could barely believe it. They were fathers now.
“Steve?” Pepper murmured in confusion as she read over his shoulder.
Bucky looked over his shoulder with a half grin and said, “You’re my mission.”
– One day, you just gave me this look and I just knew,” Steve mumbled, his flush growing bright red. Tony smiled warmly at him and turned to lean into his chest.
—physically. Steve’s body wanted him but his mind clearly did not.
“Do you think they revitalized the project at some point?” Bruce asked.
“…Are you going to arrest me?”
Tony did not need to think about this.
“We have to take the chance.”
“That was pretty weak…”
Steve’s brows shot together and he asked, “Wha-? What do you-? Wait.
It was just him and Bucky. Pepper thought it best they go alone as they were the ones who truly knew Steve. Plus her presence at Stark Industries would make it a normal work day so no one would think anything strange was going on.
Tony’s eyes opened with a haunted look.
Mary and Ben stared at each other for a few seconds in silence.
“What?”
He squeezed Steve’s side and repeated, “I’m fine.”
“That just worries me more…” Bruce retorted.
The bartender ignored him and Peter cursed his baby face.
His plans immediately returned to the boy. He had befriended Norman’s son and through Harry he learned of the boy’s intellect and his growing powers. The boy was his creation and thereby his son. He deserved to be by Norman’s side. After his years of research, Norman knew the boy could become stronger and would be a great ally. The boy had the strength but no bite…which led to the creation of Venom.
He gasped again, the word burning his very throat.
again but Tony’s mind was doing
“Die,” he hissed.
Steve slid off the couch and stepped into Tony’s arms. They automatically began to sway like before and Steve did not find it so ridiculous.
Peter grinned and replied, “More of an engineer than a scientist.”
Tony sat back down, overcome by emotion, he hissed, "You sentimental fool."
Steve rubbed his hips into Tony’s and gradually drew his hands down Tony’s chest and under his shirt. They went back to kissing but Steve gasped between the breaths they took between each kiss, “We…are…g-going…to…be…late.”
Steve bit the inside of his cheek and rode his bike into the shadows of the garage. He bypassed the Tower’s employee and visitor parking and made his way to the lower level where the Avenger’s and the larger collection of Tony’s vehicles were located.
Tony stepped away from the podium and grabbed Steve’s arm, pulling him after him. Steve’s eyes returned to watching the back of Tony’s head.
His lawyer nodded and moved on with the questioning, asking Steve about his original alibi and what he was doing the day of the supposed rape.
“The Winter Soldier-?” The police officer repeated with pinched brows.
“Take me to the ground, Tony, you and Thor should be able to handle the ones in the air,” Steve murmured to his husband.
Was he wrong about the pulse? Or were Steven’s wounds too great?
Steve released Peter from his embrace and let the boy reach out to the bush again. The toddler enthusiastically played with the leaves and was absolutely enthralled.
Tony saw him running ahead of him on the road and put his hand back on the gear shaft. As soon as he caught up, he quickly turned his wheel, went down several gears, and slammed on his breaks as he came to a stop right in front of the intruder. The man skidded to a stop and met Tony’s gaze with large eyes through the passenger window. Tony lowered the window and haughtily said, “I wasn’t done talking.”
The Avengers continued to call the Tower home. Villains were in no short supply and ranged from clinically insane humans to power-grubbing aliens. Their public opinion was dependent on the media, some weeks they were heroes and some they were out of control vigilantes. Steve managed to keep his son out of the limelight, despite the efforts of many papparazi. The only images they had of him were from when he was first inadvertently revealed in the attack at Central Park when he was two-years-old.
Steve’s eyes blinked open a fraction but they remain hooded as he agreed, “The bedroom.”
“Date,” Steve stated the word slowly. Did he hear Tony right?
Just as his mind was winding down and exhaustion was muting his thoughts, did the priority alarm go off. The Avengers were needed. Steve groaned and punched the mattress.
Internally, Tony’s mind was screaming with the truth. It was so very tempting to tell them.  To help them escape the horrors that awaited them. Because, it was one thing to read about the tragic heroes of the Howling Commandos, but…it’s a whole other to meet these
“I’m going to be a super villain from now on!” Tony growled as soon as Pepper appeared from the elevator. As she hit the security latch on the back of neck, and as Tony sat up, he hissed, “My first mission as a villain will be to take SHIELD down.”
Not after everything they’d been through.
“Hail, Hydra!” A chorus of voices echoed him.
“Hey, now,” Tony angrily interrupted and then turned to Steve with a serious expression. “Babe,” Tony said and then grasped his arm and flirted, “You don’t look a day over thirty.”
“I-I just let something slip,” Bucky murmured with a flush.
“He gave me stuff to fight the infection and that’s all I need. I can handle the rest…”
She’d probably wear the same expression when he eventually got the shield and conveniently forgot to tell her. She’d walk in on him scanning it or, afterwards, and spot it hanging on the wall and ask him about it. He chuckled to himself as he imagined the resulting lecture she’d give him. But first he had to get that shield…
Finally, Tony cleared his throat and said, “Come, sit down.”
Tony jerked away and hissed, “I love that boy like he was my own flesh and blood. I raised him with you. I helped feed him. I helped clothe him. I freaking love him more than myself.
Steve unzipped the bag and his shield lay inside.
Those eyes he was talking about flashed with a sudden surge of lust and Tony bit playfully into his flesh.
Steve shook his head and murmured, “It is back in the future.”
“He would’ve survived that blast, he did so before,” Cable countered. “Your little act of heroism has changed nothing. Stark is alive, but your photo is still blank. The future is still undecided. We’re missing something.”
Tony grew quiet as he sat in the vehicle. He buckled Peter into his car seat and the toddler fell back sleep in seconds. As Steve came in Tony offered him his hand and helped guide him to his seat.
Steve inhaled deeply then made himself snap into form. He commanded, “Tony get into your armor and get out there. I need to know what we’re facing. Bruce, we’re going to need the Hulk, if these are really the SHIELD escapees then there are some heavy hitters out there. And Jarvis please let us know as soon as Peter is in the safe room.
Peter sighed heavily too and was tempted to ask his father to use his power to do so. But…even then, Peter would still be in the spotlight. Even if they did believe Tony, everyone would then know him for being a relation to the great Tony Stark. He had always been an insignificant nobody. When the Parkers had cut ties with the Starks, before his birth, they also cut any ties with the fame that came with the Stark name. But now he was in the limelight and even if his dad was able to make them believe they were uncle and nephew…since he had no other children, Peter would still be considered the inheritor to his fortune… In the end, Peter was ousted as the Stark heir.
“They belong to Tony’s new flavor of the week,” Potts stated and Stark instantly flushed.
“A goblin,” Coulson retorted. “Those who have seen him describe him as a huge, green goblin.”
Bucky added, “I’m a lady’s man!”
When the Soldier woke, he was alone.
“Just never bring him here again, Thor,” Steve stated and the large man nodded. Clint grunted in agreement.
That very fact hadn’t been probable since he had met and started dating Steve over five years prior.
The team was gathered in the observation area to the Hulk Room. It was a room with a wall of holo-screens and all were focused on various angles of Peter. The entire team barely fit in the room and soon T’Challa was going to be added to the mix once was his flight was in from Wakanda. Even Natasha was there. She was a little banged up but she refused to be babied and stood with her arms crossed over her chest behind Bruce.
Peter opened his text messages and sent one to Wade, telling him he got a new number.
“Soon,” Tony murmured, pressing another kiss onto Steve’s lips. He stepped back and said, “I need to get dressed before I start kissing you again or else I’m just going to end up stripping you!”
His stomach ached with phantom pain but it was not like the usual pain when his past torture reminded him not think that way. It was something he could ignore now.
“I take it you didn’t buzz me just to tell me this,” Tony whispered.
Clint was driving and strangely silent. Bucky was equally quiet next to him but it seemed to be a norm for Bucky now. His old friend silently stared out the window, watching New York and its people go by. The old Bucky would have said something loudly in his and Steve’s defense.
One day when Steve came down, carrying Peter on one arm and his sketchbook in the other, he was pleasantly surprised to find the old couch that was probably as old as he was, was gone. In its place was a brand new couch with deep seats, plush cushions, and an attached chaise lounge for him to stretch out his legs. Tony was playing with a hologram, pretending not to watch as Steve came in. Steve sat Peter on the ground and his son toddled over to the couch. He inspected it with a curious eye and ran his hand over the soft leather.
Hulk froze and murmured, “He your Betty?”
Norman laughed and barreled through several important looking pillars. The building shuddered but held.
Bruce looked back down into his microscope and missed the slight flush that stained Tony’s cheeks. He was happy for himself too.
Natasha was sitting on a bench overlooking a small park a block away from the ballet studio. She’d been in her new cover for a good two months and was patiently waiting for two things to happen.
“Is this real?” Tony ran his fingers over Steve’s solid form and gasped, “Are you really here?”
Tony tensed then sat up sharply. He gasped, “Was anyone hurt?!”
Coulson smiled thinly at him and replied, “Mr. Stark.”
The Red Skull had killed her mate. There was no way he was down that hall. The long lost friend had to be someone else or no one at all.
“Good job,” Steve said, he was still mastering the simulator, he couldn’t imagine flying the real deal, especially under such stressful conditions. Bruce smiled sadly and they exited the quinjet.
“Told you she’d mommy you,” Tony laughed and picked up another scale with his tweezers.
,” Steve gasped. He grasped his son’s arms and hissed, “When they thought I died, they released my identity to the world and there are so many times I wish that they did not! And it’s not just because the paparazzi get annoying sometimes,
Tony pointed to the moon and whispered, “Don’t tell anyone, but we will walk on the moon in another twenty or so years.”
“The real question here is, where are your clothes??” The stranger countered instead. He suddenly cupped both cheeks and gasped, “Oh my God!! I can see
Real or dream world, he had no reason to keep this from Steve.
Howard gave him a pinched look, like he thought Tony was somewhat addled, and then transferred that look to Steve and asked, “Please don’t tell me you’re adding another ragtag soldier to your team…”
Once upon a time a man named James loved a woman who hoarded the name Natalia…but that man was gone. Even though she said he was buried somewhere within him, the Soldier knew the man she once loved was no more. He was destroyed by his master.
Tony had made him swear that he told no one, Bucky included. Tony’s visible reactor would give away whatever deceptions they planned.
!! He was alive! The
Peter grinned and said, “No promises.”
The machine shuddered around him and the dark blue light invaded everything.
He could still die and Steve knew he needed to act now in case they never dream again.
“Thanks, Pops,” Peter murmured, lightly clasping his arm as they exited the bedroom.
“Master Rogers has not returned yet, Sir,” Jarvis replied without having to be question. He would have liked to boast that his AI was so good at reading him that it could practically read his mind but, in reality, Tony had been asking him the same question every ten minutes since Steve left. And he may do this everytime Steve leaves...
“I meet the new man, myself, Pep…I-I need to go,” Tony turned to the balcony but stopped when Pepper grabbed his arm and Tony turned to her.
“Hey, guys!” Steve and Tony both turned to the sound of Natasha’s voice but kept their arms wrapped around each other.
Why did he leave so suddenly? And, most importantly,
Peter flushed as he stared at his hands where they had fallen on Wade’s very
Steve tensed beneath his touch and asked, “Is it…?”
Steve surprised him as he suddenly picked him up and pressed their hips together again. Tony groaned and wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist. Their underwear was their only barrier but it did nothing to stop the heat coming off Steve or feel the hard press of his erection.
“…I would like to go back to kissing you,” Steve whispered.
Tony had worried over Coulson’s presence for a good hour before he worried over more pressing matters…like his empty coffee cup.
Tony nodded and the Iron Man suit in front of Steve mirrored his movements. Steve nodded back and ran back to the transport ship.
Holograms opened up above the kitchen counter. Steve had only seen videos of them from his time with Cable. He reached out and ran a hand through one with fascination. He felt nothing and the images barely wavered.
Tony hurried over to the line and got his tray. Today’s tray was carved up. Hydra’s symbol had X’s over the eyes, a very voluptuous woman's body was attached to the head, and someone played tic-tax-toe in the upper left-hand corner. Tonight’s meal consisted of chicken, buttered biscuits, mashed potatoes, and boiled carrots. Tony’s stomach rumbled lightly as he smelled the meat. It was a small serving again, something that was sadly becoming a norm. He couldn’t wait to get back to the future that wasn’t so limited with something as simple as chicken.
“Your father has stated you are to be disallowed internet access until he states otherwise for your own protection,” the AI replied.
“We are not being pursued, Happy,” Tony commented dryly to his driver.
Behind her, a shadow moved in the barely discernable crack of the “closed” door.
Obadiah fell forward and, a moment later, the reactor exploded in a fiery inferno from the impact.
“…Because I knew it held value to you,” Mary replied.
Tony shrugged but was grinning smugly. A flicker of annoyance went through him as he recalled how infuriated he usually became with Tony’s smug attitude. It disappeared almost as soon as it appeared. Tony was clearly happy to do this for Steve. He was probably proud to help him out. Steve felt guilty by his initial reaction. He glanced over at Tony and murmured, “This is really nice of you.”
So he emptied his mind, went back to sleep, and dreamed of nothing.
With a smirk, she selected Clint’s number instead and slipped the phone back into her pocket as her Bluetooth began to ring in her ear. Clint picked up on the first ring.
“…Sorry, lost track of time,” Peter apologized sheepishly. “I’m going to bed now!”
When Peter was just starting to wonder if this was a bad idea, Harry asked, “Do you want to play Mario Cart?”
The Red Skull cracked his neck as he stretched it and murmured, “It looks like we are going to have a
Jarvis and Maria stood at the kitchen’s entrance with Tony tucked protectively between them. Howard surged forward and picked up his son and led them to the front door and fresh air. They sat on the front steps with Jarvis pacing in front of them with his shotgun until the authorities arrived. Howard held his son tightly as the house was searched and the fire department called. Maria wrapped her arms around both of them and was deathly silent. All the commotion excited Tony at first but, eventually, the small child fell asleep in his arms.
and Pepper is going to make us go through the ridiculous ceremony
son would be very upset if
Wade took a minute to reply, before finally asking: ‘For what?’
“Now you sound like Steve,” Tony stated and Peter laughed.
Rhodes behind me!”
Something had changed since he last tried to kill Natasha. Tony had assumed he remembered Steve and wanted to help him more than wanting to kill Natasha but…maybe he had remembered his soulmate too…
Peggy’s voice dropped an octave lower and Howard wasn’t able to clearly discern her words but Tony’s paling face and growing horrified expression left no doubt.
They made love with fast movements, clutching hands, and shallow breathing.
“Steve, I hadn’t…I hadn’t known you were in such – such pain…Why didn’t you tell me, beloved?” Tony kissed the top of his head and Steve felt his eyes heat.
The very thought forced Tony to stop what he was doing and put down his tools.
“I don’t know what to say…” Steve whispered, overcome with gratitude.
“This looks like a job for Super-Pop,” Wade said after a few tugs.
Steve mashed his lips into Tony’s, his version of slapping some sense into his boyfriend, then pulled back to stare him dead in the eye. He stated, “I’m scared to death to lose you too. I thought you had died when the Mandarin blew up your house. I am not letting you go after Kilian alone! I am not going to let him kill you! I am going to fight by your side whether you like it or not! I suggest we work together because apart we are weaker.”
“How are things looking today?” He asked Bruce curiously.
“Well usually I’m caught because my sex tape gets leaked,” Tony began and Steve choked on his coffee. Tony knowingly grinned and said, “Yeah, I didn’t think that would be an option.”
Tony nodded and sprinted to his workshop. Bucky didn’t move but watched him go with a forlorn expression.
But then, one by one, his subjects started to die.
Was he already remembering??
Tony didn’t even see Bucky beside his dad because he pushed himself up to his elbows and zeroed in on Steve as he gasped, “What’s going on?”
Wade wound his arms around Peter and his big hands rubbed at his shoulders. Peter relaxed into his touch and moved his head so he was no longer hiding from Wade. Instead, he pressed his ear to Wade’s chest and listened to the strong beat of his heart.
The shield lowered into the beaker. Some tendrils of the mass caressed his face as they went down and Peter leaned into the touch but his attention was on Wade.
Eddie didn’t reply so Peter assumed he was already in snooze town. He silently backed out of the room and then closed the door gently behind him.
