Even undercover, he’s managed to get quite a few people into apartments they otherwise wouldn’t have been considered for, to get them reliable access to food and back on their feet. Novak Corp has an entire hiring sector dedicated to recruiting at-risk populations and giving them meaningful work that goes hand-in-hand with the housing program. It wasn’t hard for Castiel to find a local apartment building at-risk for gentrification and to quietly scoop it up for his own purposes. There’s still a long way to go—not everyone is someone who can work, and Castiel makes sure to do his share of simply handing people money and letting them decide what to do with it.
And so, Dean gets Cas’ hands down his pants, up his shirt, and squeezing his ass at every available opportunity and then some. He has an innocent-faced Castiel sliding into the shower behind him and hopping into bed stark naked, knowing full-well what he’s doing and having the nerve to
The faux-marble pattern on the cheap, flaking countertop blurs in front of Castiel’s focused stare until he blinks it clear again. “I
This is—”
“Yes, Alex,” Castiel responded, even as Dean began tapping out a drum beat on the raised side of his hospital cot with a blood-pressure monitor.
Absence, as it turns out,
And then Cas’ mouth is surrounding his cock, sliding down over Dean’s neglected shaft in one fluid movement that makes him buck his hips and half-sob as Cas’ finger drives deeper. Cas pulls off with a concerned noise, and Dean opens his eyes just in time to see a trail of saliva stretch from his lip to the tip of Dean’s dick. That alone (and maybe the year plus of celibacy) nearly makes him come, but he manages to retain the shred of dignity he has left and hold on.
At one point, he hears Station Fifteen go responding to an automatic fire alarm at a warehouse downtown, not in Castiel’s local. From the back of his rig where he’s sitting checking expiration dates on medications, Castiel turns up the volume dial on the radio and listens. Benny’s unmistakable voice puts the squad responding and on scene, but the crew sent in to clear the building is led by someone else.
There’s a pause. It’s nice to know that after this extended break, Crowley hasn’t lost his flair for the dramatic. “I’m on my way to work,” Castiel prods, even as he slows his pace. His contract is still active, so he knows that he’ll need to hear his director out—like it or not.
dressing up like Santa Claus."
Dean Winchester does not buy into fairytale, happy-ending bullshit, True Mates mythos inclusive. He doesn’t know of any Disney movies where the magical romantic climax involves an omega getting railed with an alpha pulling their hair. All the same, after this, he might just be a believer.
Castiel just looked back at him, letting Dean talk. Wise angel, that one.
And thank you to Elanor, for being such a wonderful friend and teammate in building this fic. Y'all, she did so much behind the scenes work creating reference docs with the RENT themes paired with current social issues and helping me relate them back to the SPN characters' backstories(plus all the cameo stuff). It made things so much easier for me when writing became difficult on my end. Thank you, Elanor, and Jem and Jo, and I truly hope you guys liked the story that we made. <3
“It’s not like I can’t say the same about you,” Jimmy retorts, but there’s really no heat in his words. He slouches against Castiel’s side, but his expression isn’t as hard as it might be, so Castiel retains the hope that they’ll all get through this relatively unscathed.
“Would you two like a moment alone?” he asks, unable to resist.
“You just like saying that.”
if they can all manage to stow their bullshit temporarily—they’ll emerge even better than they were going in.
he’s sure that releasing Dean’s dick won’t result in anything besides raging disappointment, Castiel pulls out and replaces his cock with the plug. Meanwhile, Dean catches on, all too quick to start crying and begging, pleading his case. “No, no, no, Cas, please,
Rolling his eyes a little, Castiel steps between Dean’s legs and cups the base of his skull, gripping his hair for leverage to tip it back so that Dean’s looking up at him. “One thing I would like you to think about,” he says, “is whether you’d be open to taking some pictures later. I would love to add to the harness I’m going to tie you into for the wedding, suspend you from the ceiling and push you to the edge of your limits. And I would
to be fucking kidding me."
“You know what I’m saying, jerk,” Sam fired back, shooting a glance sideways at his brother, exasperated.
If you enjoyed this story, please consider checking out my
"Yeah, I know who Santa is," Dean snapped, moving over to flop down in the chair beside the table, scowling when it pressed uncomfortably into his widened hips. "So, what you're tellin' me is, I killed
He feels it anyway, though, right or wrong. And seeing Dean night after night, stripped down to a threadbare t-shirt with his flannel tied around his waist, sweaty and
of his plans, if and when anyone comes looking. Despite the noise he makes, once again, no one does.
that he’s complaining. Cas has his face buried in the space below Dean’s jaw, breathing deeply and sniffling a little, and Dean relishes the heat of Cas’ breath on his skin.
Outside, the early-fall air hasn’t shaken summer’s clinging hold just yet. It’s temperate as hell, bright and pleasantly warm in the dappled sunlight, but with a cool, relieving breeze that ruffles Dean’s hair and tickles the bare skin on the back of his neck. Checking his watch, Dean quickens his pace—he wasn’t lying when he told his father he was going to class, but he’s got one other commitment to honor first.
saying this, but this is not the time for boners and flirting, okay? Get a room when we’re not minutes from our own ugly, gruesome deaths.”
“I didn’t know if our guys executed the search or if
angry-looking. None of them were ever interested enough in the idea of using the Jacuzzi to voluntarily come anywhere near that mess, so Dean has to assume it’s only gotten worse over the years.
not just—”
“So,” Dean says by way of segue, taking Castiel’s hand and leading him out the jangling front door of the store. “Tell me ‘bout what you’d want in a house.”
done in his life, save for that very short failed experiment with Lisa way back when. Maybe he’d get a job in town, bartending. Maybe he’d see if any of the garages were hiring, put his mechanic skills to some use. Sam, it was pretty clear, wasn’t long for the Bunker. The guy never wanted this life to begin with, an out wasn’t something he was going to pass up.
of the resort, anyway—the kitchen, the sitting rooms, the beach—but the bedrooms are still nowhere to be seen. Not just that, there are also several sections of the place that are marked off-limits completely to the cast. Rachel makes sure to let him know (more than once) that those areas are reserved for the crew and production team only.
” Dean bellowed, grabbing the piece of paper and crunching it up into a small ball that he whipped into another roaring fireplace just at the foot of the bed. “FUCK YOU, BERNARD! I’m gonna snap your little murderous neck, I swear to God, you motherf—”
After today’s events, it’s clear to Castiel that the trust Dean placed in him to do that very thing has been blown to smithereens not once, but
there weren't that many patients, yet the place was built and expanded on as if it took on frequent traffic of the utmost importance.
something, here. “I didn’t think—”
...They might have to actually bring that fantasy to life in the very near future.
The skin peeking out from beneath green lace is still slightly pink, and Castiel kneads both of Dean’s cheeks greedily before tugging the fabric to the side. After that, he doesn’t mess around. Castiel unzips his pants, pulls his cock out over his boxer briefs and then removes Dean’s plug, keeping it in his hand. “Don’t you dare touch yourself,” he murmurs. “Or you won’t be coming at all tonight.”
to him, it doesn’t matter, anyway.”
staring, okay?”
But Castiel doesn’t budge, doesn’t move at all. Dean shakes him and he
The prophet let out an agonized scream and the lights flickered, the sudden change in the atmosphere snapping Sam out of his stunned state and back into action. He swung with the pole and Kevin evaporated into an angry red mist full of sparks that reminded Sam of the edges of his empty eyes.
Half-leaning against the bed and half-struggling to stay upright, Dean fights with Castiel’s button-down while licking into his mouth relentlessly. It’s overwhelming, and Dean barely feels capable of processing the information that Castiel
“Dean, protect Hunter!”
The mummy stopped in its tracks as flames sprouted from the dessicated flesh, and it collapsed to the floor, burning merrily.
“Tell me,” Dean growled not half-an-hour later, “where your boss is.”
that he’s in any rush, but it certainly is curious that he’s awake again. The Empty didn’t waste so much as a second on gloating after snatching him and Billie up—Castiel remembers the oozing black goo, the horrified look on Dean’s face, Dean’s tears and how terribly beautiful he is when he cries—
If he privately believes that’s where Dean should always, always be, that’s his business and his alone.
“Balthazar,” Castiel replies, his attractive face scrunched up in confusion and no less so for it, as far as Dean is concerned. “What is all this? What are you doing here?” Even as he talks, Cas’ gaze seeks out and finds Dean’s, and while Balthazar is busy preening and touching himself in the middle of the atrium, Castiel glances pointedly over at the light switches on the wall before looking back at Dean again.
With Dean culminating their humiliating first meeting by turning into a shaking mess and burying his face in Castiel’s neck, the mayor thankfully doesn’t hold it against him. In fact, she carries on talking as if there’s nothing wrong with Dean at all, and the amount of relief Dean feels at that can’t be effectively reduced into words.
mess to clean, and an administrative punishment didn’t feel adequate, here.
is secretly hiding a monster behind their mask.
better not start to get any ideas about keeping one, Dean decided with a huff.
“That...seems suspicious.”
“Forget Cas, your mom rocked my world last night, maybe I’ll give that ring to her,” Dean shoots back airily. He can play this game in his sleep. Flashing his widest, most unbothered grin, Dean tips his head to the side and rocks some disastrous finger guns in Victor’s direction.
“You can just tell him it’s a personal matter that’s urgent,” Dean replies with an eye roll. There’s exactly a zero percent chance the chick on the other end doesn’t know exactly who Dean is, and an equally non-existent chance Sam won’t be mocked into eternity over his big brother calling the D.A.’s answering service to get ahold of him for something
Castiel can’t help but indulge his desires for a minute. He rolls his hips gently into Dean’s warm, wet heat, feels the rumble of Dean’s answering groan echoing through his chest when he covers Dean’s body with his own.
It was a harbor in the storm, a place of respite, the space where his luck changed. The place where Cas
“Dean,
“As you wish,” Cas says, brushing a kiss over Dean’s cheek. That right there has him breathing a sigh of relief—Dean wasn’t exactly trying to get into
and without Dean’s tone and facial expressions to help Castiel gauge the conversation, the minefield is dense.
Castiel’s phone. He pokes at the screen a few times (while Castiel watches in indignant silence) before offering it back.
have morphed into something more for him than simple friendship and lust. It’s not that he doesn’t
fucking acknowledge came from him until his dying day.
of humanity, and despite their protests, demons are doomed to perpetually crave (and resent) their inability to be a part of it.
On the other hand—
not to say anything at all—he loved him more than ever.
sounds like the sixth grade head of the Chess Club’s invisible friend. He’ll think of something.
“Dean!” Castiel calls out, still trying to gather his wits. “Dean, calm down.”
through the windows, preventing Dean from lying down and lounging like he usually does, which makes talking to Cas a lot less fun.
Anyway, he’s long past caring about money. He and Cas have done the work. They’ve shared, they’ve bonded, they’ve grown as people. In Dean’s opinion, they’ve earned the opportunity to get physical, to see if they’re compatible, and to grow their physical bond, too.
“You know what,” Dean says. “Fuck this.”
It’s so damn hard to hope. He’s got nothing left, no reason to do so, but
So he figures he’ll sleep.
and be together. All of them—him, Sam, Cas, and Jess—toes in the sand. Business first, though. “So uh, just called to check in. Any plans this weekend with Jess? Going to take her upstate?”
At the end of the cabinet, the door to the next room lay in shadow. The natural light seemed to be fading now and the emergency lights did very little to illuminate the space, but Sam and Ro were making do with flashlights to read the descriptive signs. Sam shone his through the doorway and was met with the stoic face of an upright funerary mask staring back at him, making him nearly jump out of his skin.
He can’t just go around throwing out damaging accusations, though. He needs
is probably the best word—hyper-alert and almost vibrating off of his seat. “His name is Cole and he
“Last night, Castiel and Dean spent the night in the private suite, and they were forbidden from any form of physical contact. If the test has been passed, all the money that has been lost will be returned to the prize fund,” Lana reminds everyone. There’s a dramatic pause, accompanied by some hand-signaling from the producers before she continues. “I can reveal that—”
thank you all so much for your comments and kudos, I really appreciate them and try to answer them all before I put up new chapters!
He couldn’t lay there and feel sorry for himself, although it was tempting to let the undead catch up, to let them feast on his nothing, nothing, nothing-
Dean breathes out, unaware that he was even as tense as he was until the muscles in his shoulders start to relax. For his part, Cas just smiles and gives the “OK” sign with his left hand.
“What? Wait! Dean!
A crash and shout brought them up short, and Sam looked around the end of the row to see Ryan had tripped over, and was now trapped with his back against a cabinet with a mummy right in his face. The shredded corpse reached out an arm before they could do anything to help, and Ryan tried to grab it before it touched him. He put his hand around the mummy’s wrist and the whole arm came away with a dry tearing sound.
”What the hell,” Dean mutters, rubbing at his eyes and trying to figure out why there’s a foam mat on the floor to his left and a
if you choose to funnel the company’s resources into running Winchester Custom Cars and have nothing to do with the rest, that’s perfectly fine. If you’re interested in attending board meetings and making high-level decisions, your presence and input will be sincerely welcomed.” Castiel cracks a smile. “If you want signing lessons from Liz…”
“Castiel? That roach. Got me fired and everything, but ultimately, we made him useful. Got you here, didn’t he?”
“I’m going to ask you...
, but when there’s hot gossip or other stories and scandals flying, they usually have
sees the results in
ill-timed reminder sends all kinds of imagery flooding through Dean’s mind—images like Novak running in those stupid short shorts he likes so much, the ones that barely fit around his thighs. Lifting weights on the bench next to Dean, his sweaty biceps bulging and blue eyes flashing when he glances Dean’s way. That frustratingly messy dark hair that always looks like he just rolled out of a bed that had someone else in it. And there was that time he dove half-off his broom to catch a wayward Quaffle and his shirt rode up
Dean blinked and shifted his gaze to glare at Castiel in exasperation. “Glad we’re focusing on the important things here, sunshine. Real...” He waved his hand around before putting his fingers to his lips in a mock chef’s kiss.
he grunts, voice muffled significantly by the pillow, but Castiel catches the slip anyway and swats him—
Lost in thought, Dean doesn’t hear Sam enter the room, though it’s impossible to ignore the smell of worry and—
arms around Dean’s neck. The tips of his fingers ghost over Dean’s shoulder muscles and despite the intense (and rising) body-generated heat out on the dance floor, he shivers. Castiel doesn’t seem to notice, swaying blissfully in Dean’s arms, which have apparently found their way instinctively around his lower back.
“Now that’s what I’m talking about,” Dean says with a grin, twisting the cap off of the proferred bottle of whiskey and pouring a shot into the empty glass Cas materializes next to it. While he’s definitely unsettled enough to want to put away at least a third of the bottle, Dean resists, measuring out a finger and no more. If that Darkseeker comes back, if it brings
Dean’s torn. On the one hand, he wants the exact same thing that Cas does. Wants to shove aside all the pain and hurt of the last several days and drown in the feeling of Cas’ body pressed against his own. Wants to touch and scratch and lick, to sink into Cas or drag Cas down inside of him until they’re both sweating and screaming and hardly able to remember their own names.
Frowning, Dean finds himself hesitating. He tilts his head to the side, considering. After all of that, Crowley’s office is just...open? Seems
Castiel gazes out over the landscapes and feels… very little. Perhaps that’s unfair—he feels pride, certainly, for what he’s built and how far he’s come. Taking the multimillion-dollar business his father created from scratch in the garage of Castiel’s childhood home in Riverside and turning it into
thing is, real-life Cas isn’t giving Dean
Sam’s there to see it, snorting as he brushes by them both on the way to introduce Eileen to the cluster of Judges Dean’s already clocked socializing across the room. His face burns and he covers by stuffing one of the little cheeseburgers into his mouth whole. As he chews, Dean’s eyes sweep the room for an excuse, an out, anything to get away from Cas and the way he looks tonight. Luck isn’t on Dean’s side, though, and before he can find a reason to bail, there’s a soft touch on his arm, just below where his dress shirt cufflink rests against his skin.
Actually, in that sense, Claire
manage to steal precious few moments—bumping into each other casually (and not-so-casually—there were two rather intense make-out sessions in the hallway bathroom that Castiel was supposed to be cleaning) throughout the afternoon.
Castiel tries to focus, tries to gather his wits and his courage, to zero in on the
“Probably, Dean.”
icy water slides into his mouth and down his parched throat.
He texts Sam back.
“I know,” Castiel replies, wrapping an arm around Dean and squeezing his shoulder. “Let’s bring our things inside and see what we’re working with. There’s no guarantee the inside is as nice as the out, but hopefully there’s at least a mattress, or something that will function as one.”
“I was just pissed because you got there first,” he says honestly, with a little shrug and the smile he knows Cas is a sucker for. “Still kinda am, honestly. Dude, what are the fucking odds?” Above him, Castiel is visibly struggling to process, squeezing his eyes shut and shaking his head before opening them again and peering down at Dean in disbelief. “Okay, yeah, I deserve that,” Dean admits. “But put yourself in my shoes.”
what I mean, Uncle Cas. He cares as much about this movement as I do, it’s not a joke to him. It’s not a
The air smelled like copper and rot. Blood had been spilt recently, and they would certainly be running into whoever, whatever, had left that scent behind them.
Two of the guys are still in Alfie’s cell.
“The thing?”
While he’s always been naturally skilled at repressing his emotions when he feels like it, prison has skyrocketed that ability to an extremely unhealthy level—for a normal person, that is. For a prisoner—for
“Oh, I will,” he murmurs, as Dean
Anyone, help! Can you hear me?”
more to focus on and none of it is good for his emotional health.
Sam looked considering. “I’ve thought about it. I think everyone has, since we found out this was all just Chuck’s soap opera. But especially us. It was always us, for him.”
“Oink.”
A sharp tug on the leash brings Dean out of his reverie with a start, his gaze ripping away from the equipment to land on Castiel, who’s now turned to face him. His Dom holds up a finger, steps to the side, and gives the spanking bench a once-over, turning some knobs and repositioning the parts to his liking.
“Of course,” Castiel agrees with a nod. He reaches out to touch her sleeve, a look on his face that Dean recognizes all too well. It’s the one Cas gets when he’s dying to say something and has no clue how to spit it out.
Back then, Castiel got off on it—thought it was hilarious that people assumed Meg had him under her thumb, that people thought he was quiet and awkward and mousey. Their friends would joke and Meg would smirk and Castiel would shrug and sip his drink knowing that Meg’s provocative hip-sitting was only because she had as-yet unscabbed whip marks on her ass that Castiel had put there.
"Cas, hey, are you okay? Talk to me, man."
It’s also not like having sex with Dean is some kind of hardship.
The sound of a throat clearing pulled Sam from his spiralling thoughts, and he pulled away from Rowena, both of them turning to see Izzy standing at the door.
Collapsing onto his couch, Castiel closes his eyes and sighs, pleased to finally be warm and resting. He figures it’ll be better for everyone if he just catches a few hours of sleep here before going right back to work. It doesn’t feel safe to leave at the moment, not with everything so unstable. He thinks vaguely about the guard he sent to keep watch outside H1 for the rest of the night, hoping he didn’t choose wrong. He doesn’t want to chance Dean having to make excuses to anyone else about why he needs to stay in AdSeg, or worse, enacting another chair-throwing tantrum.
Dean is perfection. Even as they chat, Castiel has to force his eyes to stay glued to the man’s face, lest they wander. Even still, he can’t help noticing what’s obvious: Dean is athletic, he’s toned (even through the clothing layers). He’s blessed with lovely, verdant green eyes and a smattering of beautiful freckles dotting his cheeks. Light brown hair that’s carefully styled and a suit that’s tailored to perfection—the complete package.
“I’m Castiel,” Castiel replies simply. “I’m an Angel of the Lord.” Dean just stares at him blankly, of course, so he explains. “That’s a joke. I am named after one, though.”
. Hopeful, like spring. Like the way the flowers and greenery that cover the yards of his neighbors and D.C. as a whole during the warmer months are slowly budding around him.
“Buy your own shots,” Meg calls out. “Clarence was gonna get himself laid tonight, he deserves a consolation prize.”
“Mmm,” Dean sighs happily, turning over from his back to curl into Castiel’s side and thread fingers up into his hair, scratching soothingly. He nuzzles into the crook of Castiel’s neck like a cat, tangling their legs together thighs to toes, and
Dean raised an eyebrow, immediately feeling more awake. “That so?” he said, loaded with meaning, shuffling forward an inch or two on the mattress.
It’s not that what they’re currently doing isn’t meeting Dean’s needs—it is. Submitting to Castiel, handing over control of his body and his pleasure, it’s a high and a relief like no other Dean’s ever experienced. The way he feels when he comes out on the other side of an intense scene is nearly indescribable; floating and free, unburdened, cared for.
Hence, his setting of vulnerable folks up in the audience and sending Jem to deliver them food and drink. While the sustenance aspect might appear patronizing coming from him, no one’s pride is apt to be wounded by a toothless seven-year-old carrying a pink picnic basket. The whole thing is a tried and true solution that benefits everyone, and Castiel gets to feel like he’s
more like Dean and a lot less like the Castiel Dean is used to. It’s understandable, of course, even without a potential brain injury complicating things. Whether this is a personality change that will wind up permanent hardly matters at the moment; Cas’ feelings and frustrations are valid on their own.
” she repeats. “The whole reason she came out here was to get a graduate degree that would let her modernize that farm, integrate the new technology into their existing business. I
“Four is good. Four is the best number of shot guns. Give one to Jack, teach him how to use it.”
“Later, alright?” he yelled and then listened. But Castiel didn’t reply and Dean shrugged, assuming he’d gotten fed up and left. It made him a little sad, lying and evading Cas this way when they’d been
“Up,” Castiel demands, and an already spinning Dean hurries to comply. “Hands above your head.” Dean stands, balancing on shaky legs, forcing himself to stay vertical while Castiel ties his wrists together with one of the ropes above his head.
Dean glanced back down at the picture of the dead reindeer and pointed at it, shrugging. “Donner the goner, am I right? Next time don’t fly like an idiot and kill someone’s little ol’ granny, y’know? Might win you some more sympathy from me.”
Now, Cas isn’t actually a pornstar, and Dean happens to know he isn’t packing a whole lot of practice at the thing he’s attempting to do, but he’s smart enough to use his hand for what his mouth can’t handle. That, plus the fact that it’s a dripping-wet
It works, but it almost makes him laugh—despite the fact that Crowley’s men are still staring him down like they want to rip him apart, stitch him back together, and then do it all again, Dean is the one who is fully in control here.
, the dirty nameplate proclaimed, and Dean, for once, did not appreciate the joke.
she was that a big, strong man had come to save her, could he
him, or stop the way his unconscious body responded to Dean’s proximity during sleep and sharing a bed. He simply didn’t act on it.
This isn’t his first rodeo walking in on a scene like this, either (
“A year later and I’m only just now working up the courage to try and have it fixed,” Castiel admits softly. He’s still looking down at his lap, focusing intently on his fingers and where they’re wrapped around the now-empty glass. His head is a little muzzy, warm and heavy with the effects of the alcohol, and he’s glad for it. This was a hard enough conversation to have, no need to endure it sober.
Next (and final) time: Family bonding + missing Dean hours. It might be Lust, Actually. Dean knows his meats, there's a party that changes everything, also Dean has some important questions.
“Awesome,” Jack said, so softly that Dean almost missed it. He had pulled back, and was taking in all of Dean—the beard, the gut, the bushy eyebrows, the suit.
“I won’t,” Max pipes up helpfully. “Boys—have you seen me? Don’t think I don’t know I’m
Castiel obliges,
And then, it hit him.
quite shocked with himself for the amount of righteous rage in his scream and the spit that flew out of his mouth. But the image of Castiel’s
Still, things at the club can be… intense. Considering that anything does go (within the confines of the rules) inside the Dungeon, Dean’s learned that if he’s uncomfortable, well, there’s always the finger sandwiches and music one room over. It’s each attendee’s own responsibility to know their boundaries and limits and to take themselves out of situations they don’t enjoy.
Charlie bounds over then and does her best to gather both Dean and Cas into one hug with her little arms, with only partial success. She’s interrupted, though, by Dean and Cas’ watches going off simultaneously, lighting up green.
“I thought you were upset, Dean,” Cas replies, exasperated. His eyes are wide and peering back at Dean in concern. “You went completely rigid, and to be honest, you still sound like you’re on the verge of a panic attack.”
Even Dean’s background checks—no matter how good the Family Business thinks they are—couldn’t have traced that back. There
need to know that shit. I mean, good for you and —— and Cas, I guess...but
As they’re pulling into the club’s parking lot, Dean suddenly clears his throat, his tone taking on that particular hesitant twang that it does when he knows he’s about to say something Castiel won’t like. Well, when he knows he’s about to say something Castiel won’t like
Tears stream freely down Dean’s cheeks, his left arm so sore that it’s practically numb and his right not all that much better. Still, Dean doesn’t stop. With repeated, unrelenting blows landed one after another, he manages to break a hole through the wall, and to hack away at it until it’s nearly big enough to fit through.
can, and I wouldn’t blame you, could never hold it against you. But I’ve gotta go, baby.”
Dean’s freckled cheeks go pink and Castiel has the bizarre urge to
He punctuates his sentence with a two-fingered touch to Castiel’s forehead and a tiny spark of yellow light that passes between their points of contact. Castiel shakes his head and blinks, full color returning to his face as the lines of tension indicating pain and discomfort simply melt away.
It’s just that, with Castiel tucked into his side the way that he is, with so much of their skin on display and pressed together in ways it
Billie smiled sarcastically. “At least you were able to do something on your own, congratulations.”
More often, though, it’s simply the manifestation of a desperate need for that usual distraction, that clinical detachment, that provider is accustomed to having. Without those things, medical professionals are stuck with reality, and a reality they know
He distracts himself from the looming darkness by focusing on Sam. “You’re gonna eat twice as many vegetables tomorrow night, deal?” As he scrubs, music plays softly in the background, the same way it always does as the two of them wade through their nightly routine. Dean bargains with Sam as he rinses the soap from his fur, affectionately scratching behind his ears as he goes. “Gotta eat your veggies, Sammy.” He hums and sings along to the song playing, muttering the words softly under his breath.
Dean, it’s still
Disobedient mood aside, something tells him to stow his bullshit, at least for a minute. As such, Dean scoots backward off of the bed without a word, turning to find Castiel wiping his hands off with a towel and scrutinizing him with focused interest. He steps forward, well into Dean’s space, and touches a finger to his own lips, the other wrapped across his naked chest. Cocking his head to the side, he says nothing as his eyes search for something in Dean’s face, in his posture, and fuck if Dean knows what the hell he might be looking for.
Dean turned on his heel and glared at the reindeer. “Well, doesn’t matter, does it? I don’t even know how to drive this thing.”
Behind him, Dean sighed, and in the crisp cold mid-morning, Castiel abruptly felt warmer as Dean moved into his personal space. Castiel looked over his shoulder at Dean when he felt warm hands on his hip.
dangerous substance on tap.
One day, Death will reap even God.
Beside him, Balthazar jutted his chin at the artifact that he’d retrieved from Atlantis with Gabe. “Gabriel’s big horn.”
that Hogwarts’ house elves might be the only ones whose living conditions are more torturous than being trapped alone in a room with Castiel Novak.
been attracted to Cas, never
possible thing he could do: he grabbed the shower curtain for stability and pulled. Even as he went tumbling to the floor, Dean had the sense to tuck and roll, managing to wrap the plastic-y sheath around his body and shield himself from view, leaving only his feet sticking out.
He would have texted Sam and apologized, but the truth was, Castiel wasn’t sorry in the least. Sam’s actions hadn’t made any sense to him, outside of the theory that Sam didn’t
The idea that they'd been relearning to walk was oddly terrifying, but when he and Rowena reached the first narrow door and made sure all the mummies had gone through, they started shoving the cabinets across with a murmured spell from Rowena to assist. Unless the zombies learned to climb, the barrier should keep them in.
his friend actually a mindreader? This isn’t the first time Dean’s wondered, isn’t the first time Cas has seen through his desires so easily. It
form you’re thinking of, naturally,” he clarifies, which doesn’t help Dean to understand at all.
for once in your life?”
Thoughtfully, Castiel steps forward and wraps long fingers around Dean’s hip. He’s slow and deliberate, knowing full-well that all eyes are still on them and that much more aroused for it.
Dean inhaled again and opened his eyes, inhaling the cool scent of winter, of pine, chimney smoke, and cookies. His stomach rumbled as he looked around. Heavy, thick flakes of snow came down hard on his face and shoulders, sticking to his clothing and leaving a chill in his bones. Dean tilted his head up, staring at the sky, for a moment forgetting about the direness of his situation, and found himself a bit in awe as the northern lights flickered and swirled through the sky in shades of red and green. They almost looked like silk, rippling over the night, with stars twinkling like crystals through them.
panic wasn't something he was fully equipped to do. That's why he went to Sam.
unit,” Castiel says, as insistently as he thinks he can while still remaining non-threatening. “We can prove it—Dean and I, we can prove all of it. Just give us a chance. And a lawyer,” he adds belatedly.
to ensure they skated right along the edge of legality—again, it should infuriate Castiel, but it really just amuses him.
“Anyway,” Rachel continues, scuffing the toe of her Converse on a paver next to the pool while Dean eyes the water with open longing. The Mexican sun is
“Right?”
“And are you using it?”
Cracking his neck, Castiel ensures that he appears outwardly composed before approaching Dean and sliding his key into the lock without a word. They both know what Dean is here for, and it’s best that he gives Dean access to his collar as quickly as possible.
Deans brain trailed off into white static.
This world—as Castiel increasingly suspects it is in most—has Dean at the center of his universe, as the only thing that matters. Everything else is waves upon the sand.
Another minute passed before Dean slowly nodded. “Okay.”
“Yeah, yeah, I get the idea. Okee dokes, let’s do this. Wait, stand back a second,” Gabriel warned, then leaned back also, using his crowbar to push down the five tile. Nothing happened.
Or from coffee.
our social workers, our detox centers, our free medical clinics. We deserve better, and today, we are demanding it!”
The muggles who, for some reason, found comfort and solace in speaking with him, the ones who sought his advice and counsel, watched nervously from the mouths of their sheds. He saw his name whispered on their lips, and he saw their eyes dart down to the foot he was holding off the ground. They watched him shudder in pain and they watched the way he ground his teeth together to hold back cries of distress. He imagined he was nothing like what they expected him to usually look like. He knew they saw him as some sort of protector—stupid of them, really. He walked the grounds, surveying the perimetres, and he knew that gave them a sense of security. A watchful guardian angel, one had said. But now they watched the sweating, pale face of their guardian angel, and he wondered if they could see his embarrassment and shame looking back at them. He lowered his eyes to the ground and tried to muffle the humiliating noises—whimpers, gasps, grunts—that escaped him when Dean moved too clumsily or Sam walked too quickly.
unprepared for what that will be like, sharply inhaling at the sight of Dean’s stunningly clear green eyes looking straight back and into his own soul (presuming he has one—
Those thoughts stick with Castiel as he goes about his evening routine, changing out of his suit and into sweatpants and a long-sleeved tee (plus matching sweatshirt) to go for a run. The blue door clicks shut behind him, and he’s off. Castiel’s soles grind on the pebbles in the motel parking lot and then slap as the rocks give way to concrete. His steps echo loudly in the quiet streets and already-winterized buildings that lead to downtown.
“Why am I not surprised? The self-sacrificing duo,” he sneered, and that was it, the three of them surged forward at the same time, devolving instantly into raised-voice bickering and crowding into each other’s spaces, hands shoving at shoulders and angry spit flying.
between them, may not know how to go about changing Dean’s mind at all. In fact, Castiel has no idea if there
APPROVED BY NETFLIX, ET AL.
For a minute, Castiel thinks they’re actually going to pull this off.
Castiel thinks, remembering the big, beautiful car that spends most of its time in the Family Business’ company garage, thanks to Dean’s job. Dean (very proudly) showed it off to him and Claire one evening when they stopped by the office so Dean could exchange some paperwork. They wound up going for a ride, the car’s engine roaring and vibrating Castiel’s body as they tore around the Beltway, early summer sun setting in the rearview.
Forget torturing him—Tessa is
the concept his entire professional life has been spent selling then it wouldn’t be this way, but the fact is, he doesn’t.
needs to look into why the thigh holster affects his libido the way that it does, and only when it’s on Dean. Currently, Castiel is torn between ripping it off permanently or just long enough to get Dean’s pants down.
of detail, but… From what I can tell, the people who refused to accept the change and what it meant for them died pretty horribly, and in a lot of pain.”
The sun was rising by the time the trucks were fuelled up and running just behind the front gates. Rowena was at the wheel of one with Jo and Sam, while Dean and Cas were to take another. The angels waited on motorcycles between the trucks.
“10-4, Cap,” Dean replies, after depressing the button on the speaker clipped to his shoulder. At the top of the stairs, he follows Benny’s directions. The smoke up here is much thicker, forcing the firefighters to get on their knees close to the ground and move frustratingly slow as they slog forward. Dean fumbles a little as he works to juggle holding onto the nozzle while feeling along the wall for the doors. “One,” he calls out to the team members behind him, knowing they heard Benny’s message over their own radios. Normally, they’d check every room and clear as they went, but time is of the essence here, and they’re working with reliable intel that there’s only one person to rescue
Dean’s eyes widen and he waves Castiel off. “Yea, no, that’s not necessary dude, I trust you. Um, I haven’t been with anyone since the last time I was tested, either. After I broke up with that stripper, for obvious reasons. I definitely don’t have the papers but I’m sure I can call the PP and—”
The anticipation, the
Bernard’s jaw dropped. “
Maybe Garth thinks Dean or Benny would have his back or maybe he’s just that naive, Dean has no idea. Either way, Garth just stands leaning against the fence, thumbs in his pockets, calm as if he’s chilling at a bar and not monitoring a group of potentially dangerous criminals in lock-up. Garth’s perpetually upbeat attitude usually drives Dean crazy, but today it’s kind of nice to see his stupid smile. At least one guy in this place is exactly who he says he is.
. I made you watch that like two years ago, remember?” Dean raised his brows, eyes alight. His thumb ran over the soft fleshy bit of Castiel’s palm, making his stomach clench nervously. But...a good nervous. “Anyway,” Dean continued, shrugging, “it means if you could fight way-back-when with all the weapons I’m sure you knew how to use as a bad-ass angel, then you can get good at using a gun as a bad-ass human. We just gotta practice. We, uh, gotta take it slow.”
For a second, it seems like he’s going to start playing, but then Dean stops and extracts the other book he brought with him from where it’s been stuffed beneath his thigh.
Castiel doesn’t take offense, dropping his head to nod against his chest. “Yes, I thought it might.” He looks up to find Dean still staring at him intently and continues. “But aside from that, I just thought that you should know. Something about me, I mean, and who I am. Where I come from.”
“Uh—”
me. I want Crowley castrated in every way possible, just as much as you do.”
Shaking him off, Dean beelines for the library, trusting that Cas cares about him (or at the very least, his own job) enough to follow. He bursts inside, heavy door slamming hard against the wall. It makes the librarian flinch and causes everyone else to turn and investigate what the commotion is.
As Castiel strokes him lazily, Dean huffs a small laugh, bending forward over Castiel and reaching past him. Dean’s t-shirt rides up further on his stomach as he grabs a half-full tumbler of whiskey and mostly-melted ice. Straightening back up, he lifts the glass to his lips and takes a large sip, right as Castiel leans in and slips his tongue teasingly into the slit of his cock.
Charlie scoffs. “Since you like her so much. Guess everybody just prefers
Castiel shrugs, glancing between the door and Dean quickly before sighing. “Anyway,” he says. “Want to get drunk and prank call Crowley?”
“No, Cas, I won’t let you go through it again... You could have died and I’m not taking that chance again, not when we can do something else that won’t put your life at risk!”
Anyway, THIS IS IT, and another accidental 9k of it (wtf). This is the story wrap--next time is more of a soft epilogue. I genuinely hope that's not a spoiler bc I don't think I've been shy in reiterating this has a REAL happy ending. This feels like an ending though, too, because it wraps the majority of the mystery/story points and most of the huge effort involved in writing this story had to do with getting us *here*, so I genuinely hope you enjoy the plot resolution and are looking forward to seeing the happily ever after. :) THANK YOU ALL for sticking with me this long. Stories like this would never, ever get finished without WIP readers cheering me on. You have yourselves to thank that this exists. Love you all!
“Nothing,” Dean assures him quickly. “Opposite, c’mon get up.” He gets an arm around Cas’ (
With his smartphone guiding the way, Castiel skirts the edges of Whitefish’s touristy town center, heading down a winding side road that gives way to an essentially dirt path. Sam has assured him that if he hits the dirt path then he’s on the right track. Supposedly, it’ll dead-end at Rufus’ cabin, the only housing structure in the immediate area. It was a safe haven for all of them so many years ago, but Castiel wasn’t quite in his right mind during the times he was here. Besides, he had working wings then, and no need to memorize roadways.
“My Baby!” Dean wailed. “Look what those unholy elven abominations did to you!”
and Castiel is surprisingly okay with that. Even though he’s had his big gay freak-out—done his reckoning with his upbringing and his ex-religion and everything that comes with it,
As soon as Naomi hung up, her weary eyes met his—stern, but there was more worry and relief there than anything else. Castiel briefly put himself in her shoes—this was a terrible day for a good Warden. Tough as Naomi was, she tried her best, worked hard to run a clean, fair, and well-functioning prison. Even if some of her ideas might have been slightly misguided, they were well-intentioned, and as a leader, she was always both strong and reasonable. This—this
Dean will say that much. While he was still busy basking in the afterglow, toes not even finished tingling from the mind-numbing orgasm Cas gifted him, Cas practically jumped off of the bed and back into action. He was adamant about rubbing Dean down thoroughly, working all of the strain from his shoulders and arms, and he took nearly an hour following their scene to do so.
“Where are we going?”
Releasing a controlled stream of air from his lungs, Dean does his best to calm his heart to the point where it doesn’t feel as if it’s about to explode right out of his chest. He’s almost afraid to turn around, almost wonders if when he does, there’ll be a line of laughing guards holding handcuffs, ready to yell, “Gotcha!”
It’s a weapon, meant to appear three-dimensional, as if it’s dropping into his hand. Castiel may be named after an angel, but he’s read the Bible (forced—eighteen years of church and Catholic schooling takes its toll). The angels in that book aren’t harp-playing, docile little cloud-sitters. They’re
scaling it ahead of him, leaving Dean with a bird’s-eye view of his ass. Normally, Dean might be a little more reserved about blatantly checking Cas out but honestly, he felt he deserved a little pick-me-up, all things considered.
He sits up.
a loser, unwanted and unworthy.
Suppressing a laugh, Dean drops his forehead to Castiel’s shoulder before patting his leg in what he hopes is a comforting way. “Uh, no,” Dean replies, lifting his head to look down at the frustrated alpha pointedly. “No, you can’t. You’re not built like me and there ain’t nothin’ wrong with that. Trust me,” he adds, which finally makes Castiel stop squirming and relent. “Couple extra steps will make this
it could never be anything more than a one-night-stand, a brief
Regardless, Dean kicks down the door to apartment 423 swiftly and clears the interior carefully, just like he always does.
It’s just that Sam left shortly after their little heart-to-heart in the kitchen, wife and real life to get back to and all of that. Dean understands, he just misses him. Not to mention, after all of the events that transpired over the last few days, sitting alone with his thoughts in his room at the Bunker is the last thing Dean feels like doing at the moment.
“Unzip your parka,” Castiel demands, “I
It’s not that he doesn’t want to, he
“Keep in touch,” Dean tells him, and he means it, pressing a scrap of paper with his contact info into Alfie’s palm. “Don’t be a stranger.”
“Welcome back, cher,” Benny replies evenly. He doesn’t move a muscle and his tone betrays nothing.
I can’t stop thinking—circumstances considered—ain’t I looking at life anyway? If I
and question himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
, that is
Beside Dean, Castiel looks stricken, but Naomi isn’t done yet. “Just tell me one thing,” she continues. “And don’t lie to me, you know that I’ll know. Is this—what’s between you—is it real, and is it a once-in-a-lifetime sort of thing? Or do I need to worry that when you break up, Castiel will return to bobbing for boyfriends in the Bay’s pool?”
After the twelfth suit, Dean came to a screeching halt in front of Castiel and Sam. He looked down at the suit, then very carefully said, "This is the curse."
As Castiel slips through the exit from the stage to the dressing room hallway, Sam catches his sleeve. It startles Castiel enough that he almost allows the door to slam shut in his wake, but he catches it in time.
As he’s become entirely used to doing, Castiel proceeds about his planned tasks and his evening routine somewhat rotely. He sinks into a kitchen chair to watch the oven do its job and sips from a chilled glass of wine. All the while, he daydreams.
Dean hedges, tipping his head from side to side. “They may have planted some seeds,” he admits. Castiel makes a face and Dean reacts strongly, framing the sides of his head with both hands. “It was
With his wife-to-be, in a place that’s all their own, while they build a
They were approaching Baby, and Sam was climbing in, trying to haul Dean up, too, though at this point, Dean decided to use his weight to his advantage, and went limp on them.
“That’s a lie,” Dean challenges. “I bought you a coffee yesterday morning.
“Yes, Dad,” Jack intones, rolling his eyes and disappearing into thin air without so much as a snap of his fingers or a puff of smoke. Dean shakes his head; he’ll probably never get used to that.
Dean pouts. “Maybe you underestimate him,” he offers. “Maybe your boyfriend doesn’t like everyone thinking he’s such a special snowflake.
The men stared at each other, faces separated only by enough space occupied by their shoulders pressed together. Dean’s hand seemed to linger on the back of Cas’ neck. Cas’ eyelashes were wet and his eyes were definitely red. The sight made Dean’s eyes sting in sympathy, and maybe a bit of his own heartbreak. While logic tried to tell him it wasn’t his fault, Dean’s very nature consumed him with guilt for what happened to Cas. And Jack. And everyone.
What anyone’s doing out here on a day like today, though, is beyond Dean. Jumping would be suicidal—the water’s fast-moving so it doesn’t ice, but it’s dangerously cold, colder than the air. Anyone dumb enough to jump would be paralyzed as soon as they plunged in; like a thousand knives stabbing all over your body, the shock alone might kill you. Dean’s been in the river at this time of year once before (in a
Right on cue, as if he can sense Dean’s renewed resolve over this whole thing, Cas emerges from the bathroom. A cloud of steam follows behind like even
Crowley gets the very tip of his blade into the meat of Dean’s cheek in a chance move. It’s not much of a choice—Dean’s lucky he’s able to knock Crowley’s arm away from its intended target (his chest)—glad to take the lesser hit. The slice smarts and has blood dripping warm down the side of his face, but a quick press of Dean’s tongue to the inside of his cheek suggests it’s superficial.
more powerful than an omega’s, it’s Dean that ends up succumbing first. He grabs onto the back of Castiel’s head, yanking him down and biting without hesitation into Castiel’s neck, right as he comes hot and wet between them.
There’s an excited cheer of celebration as Dean approaches, and he responds by lifting Cas’ hand in the air, an unspoken declaration of,
“I know you like being on top,” Dean murmurs, right before he grabs Castiel’s hips and uses his own weight as leverage to roll them over. Castiel can’t help but laugh as the world spins and flips and he winds up straddling Dean’s belly with one hand braced on a lovely, firm pec. Staring up at him, Dean bites his bottom lip as his hands knead at Castiel’s ass cheeks, eyebrows flying nearly to his hairline as his fingertips brush over what’s nestled in-between.
Naomi looks a lot less excited than he feels as she turns on her heel and flops (uncharacteristically loosely) into one of his chairs. “And just when things were starting to go so well for us,” she remarks dryly. Castiel shoots her what he hopes reads as a concerned look, and she waves him off. “Oh, don’t worry,” she continues with a sigh. “Top Dogs have always come and gone. I expect Lafitte will step up in Winchester’s absence, we’ll be just fine.” She pauses, eyeing up Castiel in that piercing way of hers, smirking a little. “You’ll need a new pet project, though. Wonder what that will be?”
certain her name is Charlie, but she pulled away from him quickly, going tense and ducking her head when he’d hugged her hello, so he can’t be one hundred percent sure.
He risks glancing up to meet Dean’s eyes, relieved to see the corners around them go soft. Dean smiles as he relaxes back into the hammock and nods.
“I’m shocked. How close do you think we are to one of them breaking down, anyway?”
sake,
“Does it hurt?” he asks, eyes wide.
Finally, as Dean continues to stare and flip through pages he’s read at least three times each with a persistently blank expression on his face, Castiel breaks.
“Cas, you smart son of a bitch,” Dean mutters, wiping his hand over his mouth before slinging an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and pulling him in tight. “Fuck,” he says in relief. “Thank fuck.”
rooming with Novak, to begin with. He’s
“Just...just like us,” Alastair gasps. “A killer. Just like your
“Yeah, well, pie is life, Cas.”
yank Dean’s arm so determinedly he starts to worry it’ll come loose as they bolt up the first three flights and then—drunk and tired—make their way slightly more slowly up the rest.
“He understands you,” Castiel said, like the damn mind reader he sometimes seemed to be.
“I doubt very much that it would have worked while the Shadow was alive,” Castiel admits, this time taking Dean’s hand himself and steering them towards the now-dwindling portal opening. “Nor would it have accepted such an offering in my stead. Nor did I think I had any reason to try.”
Also?
Startling at his alpha father’s harsh tone and the bitter edge that seeps into his scent, Dean glances up guiltily. He works to look apologetic as he surreptitiously hits “Post” on the draft he’s created. “Sorry, sir,” he says, relaxing a little when John’s angry scent dissipates. They’re both wearing blockers, but Dean’s always been capable of riling his father up like no one else.
“Details, schmetails,” he says breezily, waving a careless hand in Castiel’s direction. “That shit’ll work itself out, always does.”
harder than necessary and scanning the crowd for the “boy” in question. “Cas isn’t my boy or yours. He isn’t anybody’s anything, not like that. Guess that’s another thing you and I have in common—learning that reality the hard way.” Dean’s eyes alight on him finally, out on the dance floor with Charlie, being cajoled into learning the robot. Cas is stiff, awkward, and way too serious as he goes through the stilted motions Charlie demonstrates for him to copy. There’s no sign of the dapper dancer who flung Dean around so easily earlier—
“You don’t need to couch your fears and insecurities with humor and false bravado,” Castiel replies shortly, without so much as glancing up.
It’s clear from the tension in Dean’s shoulders that holding it up is becoming a strain and he lets it drop frequently, which makes Castiel’s timing perfect. Anticipation thrumming, he shucks his boxers and stands to Dean’s left, at exactly the right height thanks to the elevated nature of the bed, one of the best design decisions he made regarding this room. Reaching out to slide a hand beneath Dean’s head, the overstimulated sub sighs in relief and relaxes into Castiel’s grasp, but Castiel clicks his teeth in reproach. “Oh no, you don’t,” he says, carefully tipping Dean’s head to the side and using his free hand to grasp his own cock, rubbing the tip across Dean’s parted lips.
different presidents? You don’t look anything like him.”
“I’m proud of you,” Castiel called out over the noise of the wind.
the night before, that the suit did not come off.
what onboarding for those departments costs?! I’m sorry, but we are
“Is that what happened to you?” he asks, voice even.
With a smirk, Dean reaches behind himself to where there’s a river of slick running down his inner thighs. Getting his fingers nice and wet, he raises two in the air to show Castiel. Suddenly, the alpha seems a lot more receptive to Dean’s plan and he spreads his legs eagerly, watching with wide eyes as Dean slips his hand down between them.
Propriety ain’t shit.
horny. Hey, any tips for scoring a hookup at an airport bar? Anyone?” There’s a rumbling of both agreement and awful suggestions, and for the first time, Dean actually feels bad about the way his and Cas’ actions have affected their new friends.
“It’s weird,” Dean says almost immediately, pulling a leg up and wrapping his arm around it protectively, which Castiel finds immensely interesting. Dean’s never been ashamed of his body, so perhaps he’s feeling vulnerable. Castiel will have to keep an eye on that—their interactions are supposed to improve Dean’s self-esteem, not damage it. Oblivious to Cas’ internal musings, Dean keeps talking, which is a good thing. “Not like I haven’t sat on your couch a million times before. Shouldn’t feel any different, right?”
here.”
this.
“So I’m told,” Dean mutters, grumpy, but he straightens up quickly and tries to look both apologetic and grateful when Ellen pauses in her drying of the bar glasses to glare him down. “Sorry. And thanks for the—” He lifts the bag. “This. I’ll make sure Sammy pulls his weight.”
Dean’s missed him. He’s spent the last three days doing almost nothing
of your faces, so…yeah.”
A firefighter with a white helmet, piercing light blue eyes, and a
Whatever Dean was going to say is cut off by a groan as Cas does his best to get Dean’s dick all the way into his mouth. Naturally, he chokes, pulling off with a cough and tear-filled eyes that go from surprised to determined almost immediately. Undeterred, Cas just shoves Dean’s thighs apart even wider and bends over again, but Dean stops him with a couple of fingers underneath his chin.
"Things of which I am intimately familiar," Bernard said blandly. "Of which, need I remind you, you are
A huge thank you to
thing, and at first it seems like it might be. Dean sprints along behind his best friend and they run so fast he actually catches sight of the deer. It sees Sam and spooks, which only makes Sam run harder, faster.
He sighs. “Great, Charlie,” he replies reluctantly, though he continues glaring at Castiel. “Breaking news, Castiel Novak can buy nearly everyone’s loyalty.”
Because he’s nothing if not antagonistic, Castiel leaves the magazine on the counter next to the sink for Dean to find later. Just in case the little show he’s about to put on distracts Dean so much that he fails to connect the dots.
“Bullets,” Dean shouted, his gun waving, useless.
“According to Rudolph, that will unbalance the sleigh and tire the remaining crew out so quickly we won’t be able to complete the Ride.”
No, the hesitation comes from Dean. Surprisingly, he isn’t exactly opposed to moving locations, he’s mostly just… nostalgic. Winchester Custom Cars is his baby, built from scratch with Dean’s blood, sweat, and tears covering each and every inch of the place. As an omega, Dean has had to work twice as hard to be considered half as competent, to become a
side, even through times when Dean certainly hadn’t done a single thing to deserve it.
“Is this—” Cas groans as he cuts himself off, pressing his face into the crook of Dean’s neck and kissing the damp skin there. His knees push Dean’s apart while his hips rock and swivel, arms crossed possessively around Dean’s chest. He leaves sloppy brushes of lips all the way down Dean’s neck and shoulder, the ghost of his teeth biting barely-sharp into the meat of it; there and gone.
“Oh, sweetheart. My brave boy,” he murmurs, unsure if Dean can even hear him. His hope sparks when between Castiel’s hands, Dean stirs, moaning low and pitiful. His several-day stubble is familiar and soft under the pads of Castiel’s fingers as he shifts. “I need you to wake up, Dean. We need to get out of here. Dean,” Castiel pleads. “Dean, love, please.”
The line goes dead right as Castiel steps foot onto the Gas-N-Sip property, somewhat reeling from the news. The familiar, somewhat sour smell of gasoline wafts through the air as he exchanges his phone for the keys in his pocket and opens up the door. Distracted and lost in thought, it takes Castiel a prolonged second to realize that his key goes in far too easily, the door having already been unlocked.
Dean even catches a few alphas slyly scanning his neck for a mating bite, but one subtle growl from Castiel has them running for the hills.
ring is sitting innocuously in the middle of his palm.
After shooting a glance in Dean’s direction to find him very obviously sitting with his arms folded, legs crossed, blatantly
Dean snorts. “Cas, I can’t count the number of times he’s tried to get me to move into that place. Huge, five bedrooms, right on the water—fuckin’ dream home. That’s not how we grew up, mind you. The two of us—hell, there were plenty of nights we were lucky to have a roof over our heads and he’s got a
” he clarifies brightly. “I’m on a pallet bedroll on the second floor next to Alicia. The lengths I’d go to score a real mattress…” Max shakes his head. “Think that week where we only had canned tuna in the mess.”
Castiel examines the bottle
Vision doubling like he’s had one too many of Pam’s double scotches, Dean follows, if a little unsteadily. He takes the roundabout path around the island, reaching his opponent just as Alastair finds his way back to standing, dripping blood and sweat and swaying on his feet, but still squaring up.
“I’m starting to think that perhaps I have not been clear enough about some things,” Castiel begins. That’s nice and all, and Dean definitely wants to know what Cas has to say, but between the hot steam and the musky heat coming off of Cas’
“Dean!” he screamed, diving into the wreckage.
—John approved of. He dated lots of girls, bragged loudly about using them and dumping them so that his father would clap him on the shoulder and say, “Atta boy, Dean!”
Castiel’s never been kissed the way Dean kissed him that day, can hardly imagine that he ever will be again. The combustible mix of fear and worry combined with all the excitement and rushing adrenaline after they
he thinks, at night when his phone screen has gone dark and stopped buzzing with Dean’s replies. He’s not an employee of Dean’s at the Bunker, he’s a contractor—in charge of his own fate and finances, not bound by any non-compete clauses or dependent on Dean for a weekly paycheck like he was at
“Either way, there’s only one passageway open to us, and it starts under the palace.”
sleep, lest they die. It’s a very human feeling, one he hasn’t experienced in years, and from a quick glance around at the group, he’s not alone.
” Jody interrupted, rolling her eyes. Beside her, Donna smacked on gum and winked cartoonishly at Rowena, who was grinning like she was rather proud of herself. “So, Jo and Balthazar stay outside—”
“Alright,” Dean agrees reluctantly, finishing up his own beer and dropping it in the bin beside Sam’s with an aggressive
Jarred out of his ruminating anger, Dean’s feet scuttled against the floor and he tried to take repossession of his arm, grunting against Sam’s efforts. “No! W-We don’t even know when I’m supposed to get in this thing. Jesus fuck, give me some goddamn time to grieve—”
sexy, if Dean’s being completely honest.
“Nothing, sweetheart,” Dean replies quickly, cupping Castiel’s face with one hand and shoving his way to a sitting position. The way Cas’ limbs were already bracketing his body on the bed, it’s easy for Dean to pull him into his lap once he’s upright. To Dean’s great satisfaction, Castiel looks surprised but pleased, although less so when he leans in yet again for a kiss and Dean stops him—for the second time.
Picnics and barbeques, Dean as his date to the biggest D.C. social events. More trips to Pottery Barn but this time to redecorate
Dean lets himself feel the relief that would come with giving up.
“Oink,” Fatback replies agreeably.
Dean’s eyes widen and he swallows heavily, Adam’s apple bobbing. “Yes,” he replies, nodding enthusiastically. His right hand wraps around the base of Castiel’s ribs, where a series of obscure characters stretch over bone and muscle.
“Oh,” Castiel replies, eyes heavy-lidded. “That—that is a very good reason.” Seemingly getting with the program, he extricates himself somewhat from Dean’s grasp—enough to grab his own hefty helping of body wash—and starts going to town on Dean.
Jack. Jack, at least, Dean understood. Knowing that Jack was safe and that he really grasped the importance of allowing free will to reign instead of any one being in particular—that was an ending Dean could accept. But how—even before Cas declared his love in that big dumb way that he did, saving Dean’s life by offering up his own—
And what if he’s wrong?
The haze of subspace has begun to burn off. It happens a hell of a lot quicker out here in public than inside their own playroom where all Dean has to do is roll over and be catered to. By the time his bottle of OJ is gone, he’s ready to get moving, ready to be back in their private cocoon where it’s just him and Cas. All of the people surrounding them are less interesting, more irritating than anything else now that the scene has ended.
Rowena huffed. “Well, what do you suggest? We can’t exactly herd them up like sheep!”
Whatever he was expecting, the interior of Dean’s truck isn’t it. It’s
“I’ve learned that humans say ‘I’m okay’ when they’re not okay,” Jo commented lightly, drumming her fingers on the wheel. She glanced over at him. “You’re quite a frequent culprit of that, I must say.”
“None of your—”
As if reading his mind, Sam spreads his hands wide, looking down at Jack expectantly. “I’m ready,” he says simply.
Briefly, Dean wonders what Cas is doing. Where he is, if he’s okay, all of that stuff—but this isn’t the time to dwell. It’s time to
Angry now, Crowley’s moves are becoming wild and unfocused, fueled by hate and fury and desperation. He’s unpracticed, and once he begins to tire, all the knives in the world couldn’t save him. Dean’s years of scrapping on the street, his muscles sculpted by both cardio and daily workouts, swiftly gain the upper hand.
“I believe you, Dean,” Castiel assures him, ignoring Dean’s dangling bait, and then it’s silent for a moment while Cas’ finger traces Dean’s collar bone and down the line of his sternum. “I know you don’t wish to debrief, but may I at least ask if you enjoyed yourself?”
“I’m not drunk,” Dean replies defensively, recovering quickly to add a sincere, “Sir,” that makes Castiel’s heart ache for how much Dean wants and needs him to be better than he’s been. Not that he’s likely even aware of Castiel’s failings. Knowing Dean, he’s surely blaming himself.
Cain shakes his head vehemently, waving Dean off. “You think I never said the same? I
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, pausing to tap his finger against his chin. “Rudolph also suggested that Vixen is old and senile and perhaps may not realize the risk he is posing to both us and Christmas as a whole, however, I don’t think we can continue to risk it.”
Watching for a few minutes more, Castiel couldn’t deny either the knowledge or the feeling; observing them together, the two people he loved most in the world.
The cold metal of a gun barrel pressed against the nape of Dean’s neck stops him cold in his tracks, his reflexive reach for his own weapon halted by his attacker’s words. “Hands where I can see them, all of you. I’ve got a gun on both of these two, so don’t try anything funny or I’ll shoot.” The voice is nasally but masculine, and in the back of Dean’s mind, he thinks he may have heard it before. Maybe in a lineup or similar?
“Thank you,” he says sincerely, tipping his head to the side and touching his cheek to her flaming-red hair. “You’re a wonderful friend.”
“Do I sense a little love connection here?” Startled, Dean withdraws his hand at the sound of Lisa’s (somewhat jealous-sounding) voice and screws up his face. Before he can reply, though, Charlie chimes in.
“Dude, what is up with you?” Appearing in the doorway to the kitchen with his arms crossed and an eyebrow raised, Dean doesn’t look amused. “You said you were coming back here to do the dishes an hour ago. Me and Cas are out there sharing
“Yeah,” Dean replies, clearing his throat when his voice cracks a little. “Anyway, so this—” He shakes the book before tossing it over to Castiel, who catches its familiar weight easily. “This is
Sam spoke up before things really kicked off. “Look, it’s not like there’s anything else we could do with it. We can’t exactly sell it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Alright, Cas,” he says out loud, after a minute of silence. “Look, I don’t wanna—I
“Cas.”
Frankenstein looked up, turning his head towards them, the knobs of his spine sliding under taut yellow flesh. He zeroed in on Cas with one white eye and slowly wiped his shining, bloody hand on his leathery, soiled butcher’s apron.
But a quiet “hmm,” is all Castiel says in return, which makes Dean nervous. Forgetting himself, he twists his torso and catches Castiel’s wrist in his hand, interrupting him mid-smear. His intention is to get Castiel to admit if something is actually wrong with him, but one look at the man’s face and Dean realizes immediately what the issue is, and it’s not his body.
The back of Castiel’s eyelids are red-tinged and bright, belying his own assumption that he’s dead. Wherever he’s landed is also quite warm, a pleasant breeze whispering and kissing across his skin as he lies quietly in what feels increasingly like grass. Inhaling and exhaling both slow and deep, Castiel takes inventory of his physical assets, finding every part of him intact and as expected save for one particular thing.
“Whatever,” Dean grumbles.
“Bring as many weapons as you can; no telling what’s in there with all those curse boxes you boys had in storage. There’s certainly no shortage of iron around these parts,” Rowena said, ignoring them and getting to her feet, stretching her arms. “I’ll see what I have in terms of hex bag ingredients. Perhaps I can whip some up before we depart.”
who doesn’t know him at all
“Batteries,” Sam interrupted. “Yes, we know that part. Saw Cas do it once.”
the surprisingly new-looking book that Sam held announced itself as.
Said moment is precipitated by a routine trip to the packie. It’s been two full weeks since Castiel’s heard from Crowley at all, but his paycheck dropped into his bank account right on schedule, just like it always does. Perhaps he should be more frugal, not knowing what the future holds, but then again…
Cas’ stubbled jaw drops open slightly, and Dean can’t help but grin again. He feels that warm tugging flare in the middle of his chest—no urgency, just an affectionate little pull, drawing him into Cas’ orbit.
has come up with to promote not only
deem it time, and Dean’s pleas to feel Castiel inside him fuel the already roiling heat in his stomach into an unruly blaze.
“How do you deal with it?” Cas asks, one particularly bright afternoon. The winter sun is pulsing
The harsh scolding Castiel wanted to give Dean in the form of a poisonous look and a snarl never made it out because Dean and Sam grimaced.
Cas, because he could just lie here and stare at him and the way their legs are intertwined without needing anything more than that.
Forcing himself to press down on the gas, Dean had a hard time swallowing back the unbidden memory of a very different mission, a line of jeeps leaving Camp Chitaqua with no Sam and a very different Castiel at his side. The similarities between that timeline and this one were starting to drift a little too close to home for his liking, and the memories were getting harder and harder to push down and ignore. He shook his head to clear it and hoped that his momentary lapse inside his own head went unnoticed. With both Castiel and Claire focused on looking out their respective windows, he breathed a sigh of relief, confident it had.
The following sequence of events happens so quickly, no one has even a second to react. One minute the cast is exchanging hugs and congratulations and Dean is headed Castiel’s way—all smiles and hope in his eyes—the next, there’s a murmur of alarm accompanied by Sam shouting, “Call 911!”
small, and Dean wishes more than anything that there was a view of the parking lot, some glimpse of the outside world to ground him.
Not just “less upset,” but actually… better.
“Open,” Castiel commands and Dean obliges quickly. “Tongue out.” As soon as it is, Castiel slides his cock along its slick surface, holding the side of Dean’s head tenderly as he moves maybe a third of his length in and out, letting Dean taste, letting him adjust. Dean just moans around whatever he’s given, sucks happily, and lets his jaw go slack when Castiel tries to go deeper.
still working in the background, however minutely.
a calculated move—whether Dean thinks him stupid or simply trusting, leaving anything that could be wielded as a weapon shows that
"Claire!" Alex snapped again, this time much more firm and harsh. "Carl, don't listen to her; she just thinks she's such a hardass."
Balthazar frowned as he sat on the cot. “What keys, again?”
Cas didn’t say. Instead he nodded, making his way over to the side of the cot. Dean shifted uncomfortably as he approached.
“Man, we never get that kinda reception from you,” Sam joked. Watching Dean love on the car, he laughed and added, “though I’ll pass, myself. I wouldn’t want that kind of greeting from you, personally.”
She also tells them that they’ll only be “charged” by Lana for the
Carefully, Dean lifts one of the styrofoam squares to his right, leaning far over so that he can peek through without disturbing the ceiling too much. His caution pays off—the light is on in the room below, which isn’t empty. That’s confusing for all of five seconds until Dean realizes
pouring in from the other side.
love Jack. It was ironic—that Dean teaching him
from him by doing what he did. If anything, Castiel’s willingness to be out and loud about his ruined ink could help others who may have experienced the same thing and now feel shame and fear about coming forward to have their tattoos fixed. It’s certainly not the easiest thing to do when ink—especially magical ink—is so innately personal—Castiel knows.
Very suddenly, with the blade out of his hand, Dean felt hysterically overwhelmed by the feeling of missing it, and then terror at what he’d done to the demon. It had been overkill, it had been...monstrous. Dean’s chin trembled as he watched Cas’ eyes search his face, and his chest felt tight, a flutter of guilt and self-loathing settling in his stomach.
interior decorating to the list. Needless to say, that would have been his extreme mistake.
to find a way out, a way that would keep Sam safe but didn’t require Dean to be a prisoner in every sense of the word.
Despite all that, the moment just didn’t feel right. Not that Dean could give voice to
As Castiel waits, Dean hops over to the other side of the extended booth where Sam is working. They exchange a few words and Sam looks up with eyebrows raised, darting a glance in Castiel’s direction, followed by a two-fingered wave, since the rest of them are wrapped around his gun. Sam nods and Dean claps his shoulder, grabbing his jacket as he makes his way back to where Castiel is standing. “You got any plans for tonight?” Dean asks, eyes twinkling.
“Comforting,” Dean says, clearly unconvinced. “Alastair and Meg?”
sinks in. Castiel doesn’t envy him, having to decide ont the spot whether a member of the brass is someone he can trust, especially after all he’s been through. “Two things, yes?” Castiel continues calmly. “Your promise of an official statement regarding what happened today so that we can move Crowley permanently out of General, and your word that if Dean makes a play for Top Dog, you’ll back him.”
before he takes off to see his brother one Saturday afternoon, and all he asks from Castiel is to stand on the ground and
“Don’t leave me sittin’ here all night like a jackass while you two lovebirds feel each other up,” he calls through the closing door, and even Dean has the decency to flush. Despite Bobby’s warning, Dean still walks him down around the back of the house and up the two (long) flights of exterior stairs to Castiel’s bedroom.
Tonight, Castiel’s feeling reckless. Most of their friends know by now that he and Dean are hooking up and Castiel
“Earlier this week I repaired a bullet wound that caused cardiac tamponade, open chest,
“You have me there,” he admits. “But perhaps you could hear me out anyway, before you sentence yourself to death.” Much as he wants Dean to choose hope for himself, when Dean doesn’t reply, Castiel opts to play the card he knows
(Which led to Dean being unceremoniously scolded by Sam, for having to explain to Jack what a crack den was.)
He hangs out under the rushing water for as long as his skin can stand it, even when people start banging on the frame of his stall, demanding he get a move on. Skin pink and almost raw, Dean actually feels pretty okay as he steps out and towel dries off. His ass is a little sore—it twinges when he moves too quickly—but yet again, it’s nothing Dean isn’t used to.
knows peripherally that the spanking is over, he’s not ready to be finished. “Green,” he replies, before Cas has even finished asking the question. “Fuck me,
Opening his eyes, he locks gaze with one of the bartenders—a hottie with thick stubble that Dean wouldn’t mind burning up the inside of his thighs. The guy steps forward immediately, sucked into Dean’s orbit with just a wink and a quick sink of his teeth into his bottom lip.
“Dean?”
that if he can
As far as Dean is concerned, it’d take a real narcissistic nightmare to read that and think, “Oh, this is for me!” And yet, here he is. Dean supposes the way the next twenty-four hours go for him will have a lot to do with whether he ever speaks to his surrogate sister Jo again. If the last forty-eight are any indication, magic eight ball says, “all signs point to no.”
does he want to. As the days go by and the temptation, the
Jack shrugged, the lights on his Christmas sweater blinking. “I’ve been here the entire time. I’m waiting.”
Suddenly, it’s all too much. The room is too small, too hot. Castiel’s sweater is smothering him and the air feels suffocating. There are too many people, and they’re all looking—he can’t do this. “Would you excuse me?” he mutters to Dean. Not much caring what Gabriel does, he ignores his cousin and beelines for the front door.
Honestly, Dean was ready for anything, so long as it meant getting
That last thought alone is enough to have Dean jumping back into work, double-time. Hey, everything might not be perfect twenty-four seven, but his life is pretty damn good. The least he can do is appreciate what he’s been given. Also, the dumpster he and Cas rented is only theirs for another two days, so. Time is money.
Castiel didn’t respond, but within seconds he was running on Sam’s left, using the trust (and simple adoration, in some cases) that so many of the muggles had in him to try and herd them toward the camp. The zombies milled around, but at least the slower, stupider variety were struggling to find any victims in the chaos, shoved and buffeted along with everyone else.
Dean pulled back a little, looking up at Cas, just desperately wishing someone could
The thought makes Castiel shiver with anticipation—is it wrong that he’s hoping Dean will bring the big black Chevy and not his truck? The car is just
Lucky for him, Crowley lives in a newly-gentrified building at the edge of a really shitty part of the city, which gives Dean a
does Cas look good in formalwear.
that, after everything, when he finally decided to accept his big, stupid feelings for Castiel...his body
There’s really nothing to do now but to wait and see.
“That was very nice of you, Dean. How did you know he wanted that?”
is gonna do much here, Cas,” Dean complained. He did, however, let himself be tugged into Castiel’s side. Let Castiel pull him into his chest, let himself focus on the feel of Castiel’s jaw as he pressed his head cautiously into Dean’s crown, holding and comforting Dean as he shook—fuck, when had he started shaking?—on the garage floor.
“Drink your bubbly,” she mutters, watching her own new interest—
“We should have sex,” Castiel suggests casually.
As far on the outskirts of the city as Dean’s shop is, Castiel doesn’t have much choice other than to follow behind Dean’s car in his own beat-up truck. It’s the obvious, smart choice—after all, he’ll have to go home at some point and it seems rude to create a situation where Dean will feel obligated to drive him there. At the same time, Castiel would be lying if he said he wasn’t disappointed in having to pass up the chance to ride in Dean’s sleek and dark, perfectly-kept muscle car, or maybe he’s just reluctant to leave Dean’s side. Whatever the winning reason, Castiel nearly takes Dean up on his offer anyway, even if that would mean having to walk several miles on pitch-black undeveloped roads just to get back to his own apartment in town.
“Not unless he wants to come back and get
“For crying out loud, you giraffe, I’m saving your husband, alright? Stop spitting feathers. It’s not like you’ve got many to waste.”
“I could just carry him to his room,” Castiel offered, looking just as touched as the rest of them.
Gabriel sighed and stepped onto the bridge, which seemed willing to support his weight. So far. “You make a good point. But does that mean I’m going to be stuck in Heaven forever? There aren’t any other angels who still have their grace, are there?”
thing. You, me, we were always going to end up here. Our choices weren’t anything but cosmic nudges meant to lead us to each other, or that’s what my dad used to say. And the Mates stuff
Unfortunately, national security waits for no man, and definitely not for something so mundane as a family emergency and a rebellious teenager. Castiel works his job as he must, though his thoughts stay elsewhere. His worries are tempered somewhat by reminding himself that Hannah is his right hand for a reason, and he meets with her as soon as he has the chance to discuss her findings. As expected, Hannah assures Castiel that the company gave her all the right answers, boasts flawless references, and that their guards’ high-level security clearances all check out.
smarter, and way more open to hearing suggestions on how he could
Huh. They were in Australia… How the fuck had they gotten to Australia in like four seconds, Jack had
“Six hundred dollars. Dean, you said
He’d worry, but Castiel can’t afford to be skeptical where Claire’s affection (and cooperation) is concerned. Best to just take what he can get and be grateful.
At the end of the day, Dean is pretty damn sure of what Cas feels, but that’s irrelevant, isn’t it? Dean could have been the bigger person in all of this, just as easily. Could have been the one to go out on that limb, instead of waiting in the wings like a coward.
Both of them are idiots, that’s what Dean thinks. If he ever gets out of here, the
Dean thought. How were they going to find demons while the camp was still surrounded by zombies? They’d been quiet during the week since the attack, but that didn’t mean they weren’t lurking, planning their next attempt.
The barrel leaves his skin as their attacker starts rummaging in Dean’s pockets, extracting first Dean’s wallet and then doing the same to Cas. The pleading look in Cas’ eyes is clear,
Sam, for his part, was busy darting glances between everyone like he wasn’t sure whether to shove Dean and Cas together or step heroically in between them.
And the—”
is the one holding them aside, bringing Dean into a whole new world alongside him. His eyes stay focused on Dean,
Samuel,” she says quietly. Withdrawing her hand, she paces a few steps before stopping. “Hell is a delicate ecosystem all its own. Many moving parts, different factions, all with varying plots and plans and goals of their own. Heavy is the head that wears the crown, you know.”
it is, and no other reason. Your place is to act as I tell you, and you’d do well to learn that sooner rather than later. Don’t forget that even
It’s two in the morning, and Castiel can’t sleep. His mind is running a mile a minute, turning over everything he needs to do in order to get the early stages of their production on track. Within the next two days, he needs to settle on hiring a construction crew for the sets and approve Chuck’s hastily-drawn blueprints. He has to talk Crowley down from viewing any of the local college-owned theaters (none of which he’s been able to con anyone into renting him yet) like a Broadway stage,
the way you’re in love. It’s okay, I understand why you hide. Not everyone is as accepting as I am.”
something, even though there’s no possible way that he could.
“I’m not… Nevermind,” Castiel murmured, returning his focus to the gun. “Can I shoot now?”
“So should I be myself or not?” Castiel bites back a smile at Claire’s obvious exasperation and she heaves a huge sigh.
“You did get Dean to sing along to Air Supply,” Sam points out helpfully. “That sorta seemed like it could have gone somewhere. For a minute.”
intention of going home, sleeping off his bad mood, and then finding Castiel to—
That’s the phrase that takes Crowley definitively over the edge, and he lunges forward with intent. Dean dodges and blocks, but he can’t quite disable his opponent as easily as he did the first time. They’re in it now—fists and feet flying, Dean just
His attitude, his expressions, his interest in the things he enjoys, his tone. A laptop shows up one day and Castiel doesn’t question where it came from, but from there on out, if that thing is open, Cas knows to prepare to move on.
to drink him under the table since they were sixteen and Cas was just a dorky tutor Dean was doing his best to corrupt, albeit unsuccessfully. The fact that he’s a little unsteady and acting silly throws up a couple of red flags on the amount he must’ve drunk, but Cas is a big boy. He knew what he was doing coming here—Dean’s talked about the place enough.
Castiel found himself giving a snort. “Sure, you blend right in.”
” Dean replies, voice breaking. He thinks about that light being a train, can’t help but wonder,
this was stupid. Having a minor—well, admittedly, it was pretty major—meltdown over the fact that he'd grown so much that he couldn't fit in his own car properly was just...ridiculous. Maybe. To other people, probably. But to him? Dean hadn't moved the bench-seat in all the years he'd had this car—not for Sam when he became gangly and had to learn to fold himself into the seat, not for anyone. This seat had been in the same spot for his whole life and that was damn well where it was going to stay.
“Seeing you look at me that way—would it be strange to admit how much I enjoy it?”
being the unfortunate moron who fell in love with the one person he definitely can’t have.
“Yeah, well, I’m not thrilled that you’re here either. What is it this time? Another manifesto?”
When he returns to Dean’s side, it’s to trail light fingertips teasingly over his chest and down his ribs as Castiel circles him. Once he’s behind Dean, his hands go to Dean’s hips, his mouth to the nape of Dean’s neck, leaving wet kisses and semi-gentle bites.
him to call for help, wants to be thrown into solitary. Something is going on—he must be at risk and this is the only way he knows to ask for help without breaking the “no snitch” code.
close as he applied the balm. “Hello, Dean,” he blurts out, unable to think particularly clearly with Dean’s blushing face
There are tons of assorted firetrucks lining the streets; engines and ladders and at least one rescue, and as such, there’s charged and leaking five-inch hose line everywhere. Castiel follows the direction of a police officer—Donna—wearing a reflective vest and waving him through a particular path to the heart of the whole scene. On the other side of the street, safe from being parked in by apparatus and gear, Castiel clocks Medic One parked with their flashers on and back doors open. Inside, Jody and Kaia are visibly working on a patient.
Naomi hums and nods slowly, swallowing what might be half of the whiskey she has left. “Memorable for the right reasons,” she says, by way of agreement.
“Welcome to your first night at the Retreat. I hope the accommodations are to your liking,” Lana says.
In his arms, Cas darts a glance over Dean’s shoulder, presumably at whatever producer is hovering just out of sight of the cameras, before re-focusing on Dean. “I assumed they told us all the same information,” Castiel says coyly, circling a finger around Dean’s nipple and making him shiver. “When Dorothy and I were waiting to be brought over, we received basic info on all of you. Nothing overtly revealing—both Dorothy and I assumed it was to lessen our disadvantage for being newcomers. But then we arrived here and you all had barely met. It would appear, in retrospect, that we were manipulated.”
Gordon saunters forward, all swagger and absolutely zero ambivalence about what he’s here to do. He digs a rolled scrap of paper with jagged edges out of his pocket and slaps it into Dean’s palm with a smirk. “See for yourself.”
“Hmm,” Castiel replies, glancing up to Dean’s eyes and then back down at his own hand, tracing patterns over Dean’s chest. He has no idea how Dean’s heart is clenching inside of it at the very thought that Castiel might not even stick around, now that the rules have changed.
The concept doesn’t sit well with him, that’s for sure. Unsurprisingly, his publishers don’t care about that and his signed contract is air-tight.
“Jack, put Donna on the phone, damn it!” Dean snapped, losing his cool. It was un-Santa of him but—
They just
Castiel thinks,
Best laid plans for the Winchesters, Dean never should have been surprised when things didn’t go his way.
“Agreed,” Charlie replies a lot more solemnly, before brightening again. “But
So Dean just has to remember that. He scowls and grabs a couple of towels from the laundry room, one for himself and one to mop up all the puddles he and Cas have tracked across the floor. When he’s done, he pulls on fresh boxers before putting away the leftovers from Sam’s meal and retreating to the couch with several fingers of something
“Knock it off,” Dean grumbled, hunching down in his chair.
The ceremony is beautiful. Flowers everywhere, lots of that white, gauzy shit draped over the seats and the altar. Dean takes it all in from Sam’s side, deciding that Jess did a bang-up job on the place. The whole church stands when “Here Comes the Bride” plays and Jess enters, and Dean has a handkerchief at the ready to hand off to the emotional groom. Hundreds of Sam and Jess’ family and friends line the aisle, and the two of them only have eyes for each other. As Dean watches his baby brother tear up watching his almost-wife walk towards him, it’s a much more sobering moment than he thought it would be.
(See the end of the chapter for
The last light changes and sound cues go off without him needing to call the shots, just like he knew they would.
with a suspiciously silent Pamela. “Nothing?” she echoes, and Pam nods. “Nothing,” Naomi repeats confidently.
It’s—it’s
“Oh, come—”
his brain decides helpfully and Dean pivots back in his original direction, vowing to grab his friend and drag him back to plunder the table.
out there, just waiting for them to set out and find it. But Dean can tell he’s trying to use it as a motivational tool, something for them both to look
Behind him, Benny’s shutting off Dean’s oxygen tank before tugging off his helmet and hood so that Dean can move a little easier inside the ambulance. He bats Benny’s hands away, taking off his own mask off before reluctantly letting Benny slip the tank from his shoulders, mostly so he doesn’t accidentally destroy some of Cas’ equipment in the process. Finally free from the worst of his protective gear, Dean shakes his sweaty head and works his jaw before turning to give Benny the full attention he’s waiting for.
enjoy the satisfaction of finding out, but Dean has discovered that having Cas’ clothes and smell all around him is comforting as hell. Discreetly, he dips his nose into the collar for a quick sniff, which is of course when Castiel decides to turn back around, eyes alighting on Dean and his nose immediately. The knowing grin that spreads across Cas’ face when he catches him in the act pisses Dean off something fierce, but he just rolls his eyes and straightens up, hoping the low lighting in the entryway is enough to mask the redness he’s sure is now tipping his ears.
“Fuck, no!” Dean yells at the top of his lungs, straining and kicking when he realizes that his legs are free. “Not again!” It’s no use, though—who or whatever is holding him down doesn’t budge—and the movement makes his belly hurt like hell and also maybe want to turn itself inside out.
“Go for it, and when you pull the trigger, don’t lift your finger, just keep it squeezed there until it resets. That way you can fire quicker.”
Before Sam can let go of the comment that’s clearly on the tip of his tongue (or his dick can turn this outing into the most awkward family moment in history), Dean grabs his tux and hightails it for the room Cas vacated, pulling the curtain shut with more emphasis than is strictly necessary. As he dresses, Dean simultaneously wills his dick down
He wasn’t thinking at all. Castiel realizes that
“Nonsense, most of the time,” Bernard sighed, but then he settled into his chair, tight curls bouncing around his eyes as he looked from man to angel. “I
Castiel frowns as Naomi turns to face him, stirring a single packet of sweet and low into her otherwise black coffee. He tries not to make a face—that looks disgusting. Tearing his gaze away, he forces himself to focus.
no more Dr. Dean Winchester.
Castiel walks away that much faster.
“THIS IS A LOT OF SPOOKY BADDIES, SAM! HURRY UP WITH THE RIFFLING, WOULD YOU?”
So Dean does what he does best, he rushes to make a joke. “Dude, relax,” he says with what he hopes is an easygoing laugh as he tucks his hands casually behind his head. Cas is so obviously distraught that he doesn’t even catch the slip, doesn’t remind Dean that he’s wearing his collar and that it’s
himself. When they fight, when they fuck, when Castiel says something Dean finds funny or that makes him nostalgic—inside his chest it’s a swirling, twisting,
“What’s that for?” he asked, glancing at Cas and Dean in turn.
Dean and commend him for his influence on the inmates—a “job well done,” apparently. They’re inside and halfway through intake before Dean realizes he can probably exhale, just in time for Naomi to pat him on the shoulder and take her leave.
Castiel squinted at him. "If you're attempting to threaten me, you're—"
with you,” Cas insists, holding him tighter and soothing a hand down his spine. It feels comforting, not gross or intrusive at all, which is relieving to Dean. “You’ve experienced trauma and it’s affected you. That’s not your fault and it certainly doesn’t make you damaged. I told you, Dean—recovery is a process.”
“We all know that tattoos are personal, especially magical ones,” Sam continues and the crowd murmurs their agreement. “So you’ll forgive me for not delving into the backstory too deeply on this one, but suffice it to say, the goal was to replace some bad memories with good ones. To have love and hope grow out of pain and death, and I hope—” Sam cuts himself off nervously here and flushes a little, which Castiel finds quite endearing, since Sam is the kind of skilled (not to mention popular in the tattoo world) that would have anyone who knows their salt laughing at the idea that he’d showcase subpar work at an event like this. Apparently, the guy is just that humble.
Sam’s hand came up to his shoulder. “What happened back there, Dean? You wanna talk about it?”
Which is why he’s currently being sucked down into the depths of a beanbag chair while concurrently drinking his way through an entire liquor store’s worth of alcohol. Well, the lower shelves, anyway.
And anyway, it’s his damn birthday. He should get to do something besides wait around uselessly for people who are never going to show up.
“Oh, Dean,” he says sympathetically, reaching out to cup Dean’s face and tip it towards the dying evening sunlight for better examination. No red or purple is blossoming beneath the skin just yet, so with any luck Castiel didn’t hit him as hard as the impact felt against his knuckles.
in the other room or maybe even
Sam looked to Dean for help in explaining. Dean struggled for a moment, looking for the right words to not scare them, but then accepted nothing would make the blow of sentient, intelligent zombies any softer.
Sam. An entire
Dean gives it a week until he has
“Hello to you too, Charlie,” he says to the empty space Charlie vacated and Castiel chuckles, stepping into it and dragging Dean in close. Without hesitation, his right hand goes to the small of Dean’s back, left hand confidently interlacing with Dean’s right, very sexy, very
Cas’ jaw dropped. “You’re mocking me.”
Over that time, a number of Sam and Jess’ co-workers stop in, plenty of which are people Castiel knows too thanks to the ER overlap, which is very pleasant. Even Christian and Brady seem to be on their best behavior tonight—or perhaps they’re simply occupied with harassing the dancers instead of Sam’s other friends and family.
The next day, they went out and bought a sizeable dog house, a big, comfy pillow to tuck inside, and Dean took a break from renovating to build the garbage-disposal-on-hooves a pen. Fatback, as it turns out, is an incredibly low-maintenance sort of pet, and Dean actually doubts he
What can only be described as a delighted uproar explodes from the group of vampires and without any sort of hesitation, their mostly-formless shades turn around and retreat. Castiel can hardly believe it—as the shadowy, maybe-pig disappears into the brush, they’re all clamoring after it, whooping and hollering loudly as they go.
It’s a damn good thing Castiel doesn’t need to breathe, that the Empty is a place of suspension, because he’s certain that his body couldn’t take this on the mortal plane. He wouldn’t survive it.
"Naughty list!" Dean called after him, sailing to his feet. "Naughty list for
The next couple of hours are interesting—if by interesting, that means Dean drinks a lot and sits as stiffly as possible while Cole and Meg flirt with anything with a pulse and Cas’ eyes track Meg everywhere she goes. Eventually, he calls Cas on it, just to say, “Hey man, talk to her if you want,” because fuck, he doesn’t own the guy. But Cas just shakes his head and rips his eyes away, giving Dean a small smile and a pat on his hand.
Dean swallowed and reached over, plucking the bottle away from Cas. When the angel scowled at him, Dean grinned as he rolled down the window, and tossed the bottle out the window.
contribute
really happening.
Because being next to Castiel is also gratifying, somehow, and it feels
No one can see them, but Dean’s also wearing his “happy hamburger” socks, the tiniest act of rebellion hidden away beneath layers of clothing and leather. Good luck socks are his thing, and no one can take that away.
—Castiel, too.
Dean could never have tired of any of it.
“My hero,” Donna sighed, patting Jack on the shoulder. With a nod towards the screen, she declared, “We’re good here, Dean. Go save Sam and your boyfriend.”
sure the skeezy lawyer’s name was
But Castiel, playing his part as a fellow farmer, saved the man. He loved him. Jonathan’s soul shone brighter than the stars. As a matter of fact, Castiel put a star in the sky in his memory, after God found out he had changed the story, after he found out Castiel had saved the townsfolk. No one would burn, no one would become martyrs or mere names in the history books. Jonathan would live, he would continue to laugh and joke and sing. However, that was not God’s plan.
In addition to using the monitors to observe Crowley, his minions, and Dean himself go about their daily activities, Castiel holds another ace in his back pocket. The thing about prison is that the longer you stay, the more it genuinely
Dean may have succeeded in melting his brain.
At least he knows he got something right, here.
“Oh, so now you and the pig are a matched set? Inseparable? I don’t want him, I don’t get you? Am I gonna lose my spot in the bed when we move?”
A guilty-feeling Cas works to pick up Dean’s pieces while he rips the prison apart, Cain has some questions (and answers) for Dean, Crowley’s going down and it’s a group effort, Dean does have friends and they forgive him. Lines get crossed, and there’s no going back.
“Cain, I don’t want you to—”
to this universe—an angel falling in love, the Righteous Man learning to have faith—none of it could hold a candle to what it
“Dean, Dean.” A familiar voice filters into his ear and cuts a swath through the fear, prompting Dean to settle almost immediately. In his confused state, he forgets he’s tied down, his body reflexively attempting to roll towards the sound.
but there it is. There’s the whole matter of the True Mates reveal—Dean could barely think straight when it hit him, never mind reason logically. The
Now, Dean’s been accused of violating a rule a time or two in his day, but the last thing he wants is to earn a
“Fuck right,” Dean murmurs, scooping up Castiel’s hand once again just as soon as he’s done applauding. While that’s surprising, Castiel’s grateful. He’s a bit shaken, and if he is, he can only imagine how Dean and Claire must feel.
“We usually only allow one, but your brother’s doing most of the grunt work keeping him calm—yeah, I guess you can take the free seat in the front.”
When he’s finished and Cas is smooth and nick-free, Dean makes a pleased noise and flips the razor in his hand, though with the water in his face, he winds up dropping it with a clatter onto the shower floor. He’s more careless than he should be when reaching down to pick it up, the water flowing into his eyes and obscuring his sight as he closes fingers around the razor’s head instead of the handle. The result is a thin cut to his index finger and a yelping, “Ouch!” spilling from his own mouth.
“Probably,” Dean mutters, too exhausted for these games. If the hospital staff is onto their aliases, worst that’ll happens is they get the boot.
too hard. Dean doesn’t doubt that he leaves the imprint of his teeth behind when he goes. “Delicious,” Castiel murmurs, when he’s done trying to lick the back of Dean’s throat, when he’s had enough of nipping at the soft skin of his neck, the shell of his ear.
right now?
As he watches intently, Cas closes his eyes briefly and nods. “It’s very apt. Please believe me Dean, I trust you to know yourself. I trust you to communicate with me.” He motions to his head. “It’s… hard to control, as you know, once you’re in it. I kept telling myself that I needed to wait, to believe that you were fine and would come to me if you weren’t, but I
bit of an interlude before things pick up between the boys ;)
“He didn’t do this, Pam,” Castiel insists, the ringing phone already pressed to his ear. “He didn’t—”
kinks Castiel wanted to break out tonight, but that last sentence has him tripping inside his own head and nearly choking on his tongue.
When he’s not stoking the fires, Ash is filling air bottles, one after another after another, so the training can continue. Slowly but surely, the newbies learn to manage their oxygen better, learn to calm down, to breathe through the stress, to relax enough to use critical thinking instead of just their automatic fight or flight reflexes.
“I can’t wait to see you take this cock,” he says quietly, plainly, like he’s innocent, like this isn’t one of the dirtiest things Dean’s ever done. “You know, I’d love to see you take a real one, besides mine, but I’m far too possessive to share.” Dean shivers at the suggestion, his body relaxing minutely because that
scenario, he reluctantly lets it go. He and Cas will just have to come up with a better plan tomorrow. Figure it out ahead of time for the next round. They’ve been lax, and they’ve been lucky. Going forward, Dean vows to do better. After all, he has something to protect, now. Something worth staying alive for.
alpha leaders that physically fit the role, and Castiel does. They’re also a lot more likely to accept the status of a progressive company like Novak Corp when headed by someone who visually embodies the characteristics of a traditional leader. Another thing that Castiel acknowledges and accepts as shitty, but it’s simply a fact. A company which not only employs omegas but allows them to advance in the ranks and climb the ladder of the company equally, on their own merit, is not a common thing in their society.
Meg type of way. “Let’s go get you some coffee.”
Regardless, the quick flash of—
“Something like that,” Castiel mutters, staring down into his beer. Somehow, each time Dean brings up how understanding he is of Castiel leaving, it only makes him feel worse about doing so.
And then his mind drifts back to Cas himself, the Cas who is currently stark-naked and
Lusting after him is bad enough, Castiel refuses to go around concocting fantasy scenarios in his head that his swiftly-solidifying feelings could possibly be reciprocated. Hell, he doesn’t even know that Dean isn’t
when he’d finally broken free.
They’ve
Sam joins them. “Do you think—I mean, this
Castiel’s mouth drops open. “No one told me—”
to be punished for what he views as his failures, his short-comings. This pain, it’s more than an enhanced orgasm to Dean, it’s a fucking benediction, a way to atone, a reason to forgive himself, and he can’t forget that Cas is
“If you say so.” Balthazar wandered around the room, hoping for more writing.
If anyone deserved to be wanted like this, in this way, it was Castiel, and Dean would be damned if he allowed his own fear to talk him out of that.
That answers Castiel’s lingering question. No one could blame him for wondering whether Dean might be feeling
how disgustingly sexy Castiel sounds when he talks. “You may leave us.”
“And… what would those be?”
Of course, escape comes in many forms, and on-the-job distraction only lasts as long as the ambulance ride to the hospital.
and his impact on their lives.
Dean shrug and turn away.
“Please,” Castiel says softly, unable to stop himself from leaning into the fear, the absolute devastation of being
were the only daydreams Dean’s little thing with Cas was spawning, he wouldn’t complain. Hell, dreaming about Cas makes his shift go faster—nothing to bitch about there. Problem is, recently, his insecurities have become a bit...intrusive. Presenting themselves as dramatic interruptions to his usual mental scenarios, and that is not nearly as fun as fantasizing about the time he woke up with his face smushed so tightly against Cas’ bicep he could
“You were doing so well.”
The one who'd been bitten, yet survived—she wanted him. He was hers. He'd escaped death, escaped her family, and she had to right that wrong. He belonged in her ranks, so that was where he would be, one way or another.
taking their pleasure with him, but it doesn’t come.
Dean makes no attempt to hide the way he’s scanning Castiel’s body as he drops that remark. His admiration and interest is open and brazen in a way that you have to have a
Jack's face fell. "Sam said the same thing."
There’s no hesitation in Dean’s decision to comply with Castiel’s request, just warmth and a hand slid over his jaw, the softness of Dean’s mouth, and the wonderfully hard planes of his body. At that moment, Castiel knows for sure that there will never be devotion like this, never be anything in all of Creation that makes him burn the way he does for Dean. Forget taking a bullet, Castiel would raze the entirety of the planet for the man in his arms, no questions asked.
It’s nothing so serious as many of the things he and Dean have been through in the past, just an agonizingly slow slog of difficult days. Their schedules have been opposite, Dean on dayshift and Cas on nights. That leaves precious little time to blow off steam together. Or even
Dean swallows, but doesn’t deny it. Instead he asks, “Why’d you do it?”
As they move down the main street that runs parallel to the boardwalk, Dean catches glimpses of the beach and the ocean beyond. It’s a hell of a thing to have access to, to be able to experience first thing in the morning this way. With the wind in his face, the lack of walls of any kind, the salty scent of the air, and all of Dean’s favorite things around him, he very quickly starts to feel better. As the sun rises over the horizon, the lingering effects of his nightmare dissipate completely.
Sam walked to one of the chairs, pulling Rowena down to sit on his lap, his arms around her in a protective way. Dean handed her a bottle of water, getting a small smile from her and thankful look from Sam. Balthazar and Gabriel stayed on the cots, legs crossed, while Castiel sat on the chair next to Balthazar, and Dean sat on the other side of the table, elbows resting in front of him. Sam reached for the paper with their notes, dragging it closer to him. “So, should we split up to go get the keys so it will be faster?”
“Claire,” Castiel admonishes, without heat. Picking at her lasagna again, Claire just shrugs. Profanity aside, the wheels are turning in Castiel’s head now. “I apologize,” he says. “I’m still learning.”
things changing, is sure that he’s finally making a difference. At the same time, it never feels like
, burgers on the grill, string lights decorating the patio—the house
“That’s for disrespecting my Baby with your dirty boots all over her upholstery,” Dean snapped, waving his finger in warning at his brother. “Just because she’s a little misshapen at the moment don’t mean the rules don’t apply.”
“Clarence,” Meg says warmly, though her grin is smug as she rises from her side of the booth to greet him. Somewhat stiffly, Castiel allows her to draw him into a hug and to kiss his cheek, because that’s just Meg, he’d be shocked if she didn’t invade his space and get overly personal. Even after everything they’ve been through, there’s no changing Meg. She’s unapologetically herself and exactly who she’s always been, and Castiel can’t fault her for that. “To what do I owe the pleasure? And I don’t just mean those kickass arms you have on display, there.”
“Holy shit, Cas!” Dean’s voice comes from somewhere to his left, because of course Dean was here to witness his monumental failure at simply being alive. Before he can protest the babying, Dean’s arm is sliding underneath Castiel’s shoulders, encouraging him up with a firm hand sliding down to grasp at his ribs. The motion grates over the newly-tattooed skin of his back, but compared to the pain in his head, it’s just a minor nuisance. “C’mon, Fred Astaire, let’s get you inside.”
Castiel chastises himself, even as he’s reaching for the radio still clipped to his belt. He should’ve figured that one out a
He’s careful when he shakes Dean to rouse him, keeping his face out of striking distance and his body poised to pull back quickly. That turns out to be the correct move—at least as far as the mechanics of this thing go—because Dean wakes yelling and angry. He jumps immediately off of the mattress and into a fighting stance while simultaneously fishing underneath his pillow for something that isn’t there—Castiel assumes a homemade weapon of some sort.
He skips breakfast, hustling to the shower block knowing it’ll be mostly dudes who tend to do the same, like Max. A quick nod at his friend in the mirror and Dean is in and out of the water in record time. Nothing happens, but he does get a few side-eyes from people that are firmly in Crowley’s camp. Not a great sign.
Overwhelmed, Dean complies and Castiel rewards him by grabbing his cock and lowering himself onto it. He moans as he goes, and Dean can’t help reaching for Castiel’s hip with one hand, palming up and over Cas’ abdomen and chest with the other. He stops and circles gently over Cas’ nipple before testing the waters by pinching it. Cas moans, and Dean really digs it.
She didn't remember much from her life before. It was…foggy at best, if she tried to recall at all—she never did, never cared to.
Thankfully (perhaps by pure luck), Castiel never found himself in a situation where he was in danger or an encounter went farther than he was willing to go. He’d by lying, though, if he said his early experiences weren’t a significant part of why he didn’t want Dean dipping his toes
They’re all here to participate in the drills planned for today, all here to learn from Dean.
In the end, the two of them just weren’t right for each other. There was nothing tragic about their eventual separation, but Castiel never stumbled upon another relationship that
Still focused on Dean’s chest and the quickly-fading trails his fingernails leave behind there, Castiel shrugs (and Dean is not distracted by how adorable it is, because men in their thirties don’t find other men in their thirties “adorable”). “I never said that. I haven’t decided what I’m going to do.” He lifts his eyes and pins Dean in place. “Have you?”
They stay like that for a very long time.
of Cas’ hand making contact with his face sends a thrill through Dean’s body, he’s
“Cas,” he breathes, looking around in amazement, “this is fucking awesome.”
“Glad you think this is funny,” he replied gruffly. “But it ain’t just the freshman fifteen and a little facial hair anymore, now we’ve got…” He trailed off and gestured at the bloody Christmas-themed lump at his feet. “Magical woodland creatures breaking into the bunker without tripping the alarms.”
“Captain,” she replies formally, and Castiel’s stomach knots up in his abdomen. “Car full of teenagers, older brother taking his girlfriend and his sister on a ride to the mall.” She points over to where the two firefighters are crouched and jerks her chin. “Driver of the truck is fine, doesn’t want EMS to touch him. I have the girlfriend and the sister sitting down, they were both wandering around when I pulled up. Both are pretty shaken and busted up, maybe confused, hard to tell. Figured I’d leave that up to yous guys to decide.”
They looked at each other across the pillows Dean had pillaged weeks before, along with a new mattress. The fabric between them felt like an ocean. Dean wanted to close it, but he was a stubborn bitch, and he was still mad enough that he was struggling.
invested in keeping him—but Castiel is an expert in rebellion.
“Why?” he asks simply. “The way I heard the story, you confessed your love, you gave your
” Castiel moans, and Dean thinks that’s pretty clear approval for him to go to town.
him but—
approval, coming to rest over the faint handprint still visible on Dean’s shoulder. He squeezes, feeling the satisfying way the raised skin fits the shape of his hand exactly, and Dean sucks in a breath before capturing his lips again almost desperately.
was too.
He and Castiel had ended up stopping in Alfie’s MedSeg room the night prior, on their way back to H2. Alfie was wide awake when they passed, staring forlornly out the door like he was waiting for Dean to walk by, and maybe he was. Even though Dean was emotionally raw and mentally unprepared for the conversation that followed, he couldn't very well just
Of those, the places Castiel has toured so far have all turned out to be rundown shacks that aren’t even remotely livable. Rotting floors and stripped wiring, previously flooded lower levels infested with mold. Kitchens straight out of the fifties,
“Rise and shine, lazybones. It’s discharge day!”
She nodded calmly, finding herself smiling despite how long it took them to see the blindingly obvious. “Bravo,” she said, clapping slowly.
“Yeah. Why wouldn’t we?” Sam asked, shifting on his feet. He looked closely at Dean’s face for a moment, then said, “You don’t like the plan.”
“Wow, I was kidding. Aaanywho, let’s get out and—does it look darker out there?” Gabe asked, peering through the tiny round window in front of him. Sitting in the other seat, Balthazar looked out his identical window.
Dean thinks about that now, with his head on his knee, the ocean in his ears, and the salty sea breeze whipping at his hair.
“Stop it,” he scolds her, batting her hand away when she reaches out. “Don’t embarrass me. Did you know about this?” he asks his mother, not requiring an answer after witnessing her carefully practiced, faux-innocent expression.
fortunately, Castiel misunderstands what Chief Singer is asking, his boss only clarifying
In turn, Donna makes a face as she runs through some basic stretches, pulling an arm across her chest and squinting thoughtfully. “I mean, Jodes and I are settled and dull, so we’re pretty well always down to go out and spice things up. But what happened to Benny? I thought he was—what’s the word? Your safety hookup.”
He pointed a shaky finger at one of the monitors. It showed an internal feed—he must have changed something when he was fiddling with it. The upper galleries showed, dim and grainy in the emergency lighting. Two figures walked through the Mesopotamian collection—either one was extremely tall or the other was very short, it was hard to tell—maybe both?
He pulls on his old jeans over a pair of prison-issue boxers, buttons them up. Slips on his favorite Led Zeppelin t-shirt, a grey hoodie, and his leather jacket. He pulls on boots that he used to wear daily, laces them up, and tries to believe this is
a visit.
“Oh, fuck,” Dean cries out, reaching unconsciously for his own thighs and pulling them apart. He scrambles a little, Cas’ laughter dark and deep as he grabs and shoves a pillow under Dean’s hips, resettling them both with Dean’s legs draped over his shoulders.
night,” she replies defensively, wide-eyed and innocent. “That first summer you stayed away at the University of Chicago instead of coming home, and Michael and I were on a break. Remember? Michael was...” She trails off. “He had that thing with Adam.” She narrows her eyes. “You know, I still wonder about them sometimes.”
and not at all distracting.
the unsuspecting flies, buzzing stupidly straight into her trap. There isn’t much Dean hates more than accidentally ending up a fly.
Ain’t nobody about to beat him to this opportunity—he’s not above fighting, if he has to. More than one person moves to stand as Cas snaps the blindfold into place, but Dean is out of his seat like a shot, charging into Cas’ personal space and grabbing him around the back of the neck like he’s goddamn sure of his welcome.
to do,” he reminds Dean, for probably the twentieth time today. “This is supposed to be
that Dean himself is all alone and miserable. He certainly doesn’t appreciate the additional hell of reliving it all even when he’s unconscious, not that he doesn’t deserve it.
“We always come back to each other. Always bring each other back when one of us gets stupid, yeah?”
There was only a moment's pause, then Gabriel was jumping to his feet and rushing past everyone. The red lights around them all turned off and the regular lights flickered back on.
Dean looks down the scant few inches he has on Castiel rather smugly.
Dean couldn't stop the tiny smile at the corners of his mouth if he tried. Instead, he ducked his head and went back to scooping the potatoes out of the grease. Jack was a good kid, a really good kid, and Dean was often surprised by how much he genuinely loved him. Jack was his family, his
he tells himself as Dean’s hands find their way to his waist.
sorry to Dean. “Rudolph would like me to tell you that Vixen is the inspiration behind his namesake song, and unlike the other reindeer, he has never gotten past laughing and calling him names.” Castiel managed to say all of that with a completely straight face, and as such, Dean didn’t automatically burst out laughing, but it was a damn close thing.
rude.
This is
Ignoring the way his neck itches with the weight of Cas still staring him down from the backseat and the fact that Sam is determinedly
Not that he was overly worked up to begin with, at least not outwardly, but Castiel’s been around the block with submissives and he’s good at reading body language. The longer they lay together, the more relaxed Dean becomes. His heartbeat slows, his breathing evens out, and his muscles unclench under Castiel’s touch. It’s a beautiful response to an irritated submissive simply being held by their Dom, and Castiel feels both proud and grateful. Any shadow of a doubt that doing
“You did,” Castiel replied, reaching for Dean’s hand and taking it, intertwining their fingers together for the first time since their
Ignoring her drunkness, the group exchanged looks but nodded. Dean still refused to concede. “Yeah, but can we really trust these high teenagers? They snuck out to smoke pot; that whole stabby-knifey thing coulda been a bad trip. I mean, zombie with weapons? We supposed to believe that?”
“Cas is already on it!” Sam shouted back. He saw Dean come around to his right, one slow, struggling, dumb-breed zombie held in front of him, used as a shield against more of its own kind. “All good?" Sam yelled, scanning around, taking in everyone he could while still shooting.
Cas nodded, his lip twitching. “Yes, Dean. Like a horcrux.” He turned, headed back up towards the broken escalators that would take them out of the subway station. “Come, we should head back.”
as to how love is supposed to feel.
or so help me, I
“You’ll—” Dean grunted as he elbowed a zombie in the neck, sending her tumbling back, before he shot her square between the eyes with Castiel’s abandoned gun, which he must’ve picked up at some point. If Castiel had been an angel, he might’ve noticed that happen, but of course, being human and having a limited capacity for attention was a thing he’d have to get used to now. “You’ll die if you keep up with the self—
Breath stuttering in his chest and mind not exactly in tip-top shape to think or process clearly, he swallows and tries to remember what the fuck Cas is even asking about.
Cas rolls his eyes but his smile never falters as his hand drops to grab Dean’s, dragging him around the bike and up onto the curb. In front of them sits a pretty cute little house, mix of yellow wooden shingles and stone on the sides, nice front porch, meticulous landscaping. The kind of place Dean would have
“Got it!” Sam hollered back, beginning to push his way away from Dean, toward the teams that had followed Castiel from within the compound, terrified but stubbornly determined to live.
has to go save the day.
have a choice,” he implores. “As I was saying—if you aren’t ready to talk about
After taking a moment to press his ear to the door and listen as intently as he can (nothing), Dean flips the lights in the staff kitchen off, opens the door a crack, and peeks through.
Sam shrugged. "You said anything, and Jack had already started this in his room. He was hiding it in case you said no. You should see the amount he has; he started in
“Aim for that Pepsi can,” Dean said, standing beside him, watching but staying back enough that he wouldn’t be hit with a recoiling bullet shell.
Snug against him, Dean just snuffles, snores a little, and quiets down again, this time with his head in Castiel’s lap. The way he’s curled up can’t be particularly comfortable, but whether it’s his exhaustion or his injured state driving him, Dean doesn’t seem bothered in the least.
“It’s
instead. It’s crazy, it’s hopeless, but fuck. Cas
“Precisely. Has me kicking myself somewhat.”
After a second’s thought, Castiel tacks on,
With a smile that Dean simply did not deserve, Castiel softly knocked Dean’s hands away from the fabric, smoothing out the neckline. “Well, I think you look very handsome,” Castiel said, stopping all of Dean’s thoughts in their tracks.
“That’s very nice to hear,” Castiel says softly, touching his chin to his shoulder so that he can get the barest peek at his back. Not that he isn’t intimately acquainted with the imagery pressed into his skin, but he never gets tired of seeing it. From this vantage point and without a mirror, he can only really eyeball the feathers that spill onto his shoulders and upper arms, but they’re enough to remind him of what his entire back looks like. “I’m quite fond of them.”
Dean hesitates, but he doesn’t storm out, so Castiel persists. “Please,” he repeats. “I don’t want you to quit, and I don’t want you to—to be gone from my life.”
for the light, it’s just there.”
the floors are now (construction dust notwithstanding). Castiel can’t help but admire the work Dean has put into restoring the original hardwoods, but ultimately, he’s not here to worry about the house today.
Despite that, the cabin is still a dump. The driveway is unpaved, covered with a layer of fresh leaves that crunch beneath Castiel’s boots as he steps out and old, decaying ones that he can feel squish below that. The cabin is sagging, its bones visibly tired of remaining upright. The small covering that juts out over the porch and the shingles of the main roof aren’t even visible; buried beneath a thick layer of moss, ivy, and more leaves.
Hope you enjoy this chapter! Dean's about to deliver some presents, have a couple panic attacks, and nearly get eaten alive by a chocolate lab.
“But sometimes you look at me, and my heart breaks, man,” Dean tried to chuckle to keep things light, but it came out strained instead. “Did I do something?”
Castiel’s lips stick together as they part around a gasp, sheets damp and sticking to his overheated, sweaty skin. Inside his boxers, he’s hard as a rock, so much so that it’s painful. His hips rut instinctively against the mattress while Dean’s face, contorted in pleasure, floats across the back of his eyelids. Before he’s even fully conscious or aware of what’s happening, Castiel’s crying out and coming in his boxers, spend hot and wet and sticky as he pants into his pillow and flushes with a terrible mix of relief and shame.
When Dean spoke, Castiel smiled across at him, closing the heavy tome and placing it on the nightstand. “Hello, Dean,” he intoned warmly, turning onto his side and shuffling down further to mirror Dean’s position on the bed.
He presses more sloppy kisses to the inside of Dean’s thighs and then down, onto the fleshy curve of his ass and Dean can hardly breathe, but damn if Castiel wasn’t right—Dean couldn’t refuse him one single thing. “Turn over,” Castiel demands and
As a result, the two of them squabble near-constantly, and over
touch his cock, and Dean really needs it to get back into the mood for what they’re about to do.
long strides. He can’t quite help himself, though. “Did you just—
Not that
The rain pelts relentlessly against the glass, and Dean presses a hand against it, wishing he could feel the fresh water on his skin. The rain, the wind, the tang of salt from the sea—
“Give me twenty minutes,” Castiel tells Dean for the second time this week, patting his shoulder and exiting to the bedroom without another solitary word. The look of sheer excitement mixed with surprise on Dean’s face is
Moving to sit down at the kitchen table, Dean got hot quickly, realizing what he said, and he hoped no one would mention the dick thing. Purposefully, he avoided Castiel’s gaze, humiliation settling inside him like it planned on building a house and raising a family there. So much for Dean not wanting Cas to see him naked. Now, Cas probably didn’t want to see him naked either.
happened up on the roof...
“We haven’t actually been able to get in contact with her,” Sam admits, running a hand through his hair. “Our summoning failed. Jack and I talked and we figured we’d get you first, because—”
Needless to say, Dean’s so chronically tired he could fall asleep standing up most days. Weirdly, though, between Cas’ schedule and his, he almost feels like they saw more of each other when Cas was working full-time. That sucks the most of anything.
with an arrow pointing down towards the stone-set door.
“Mmhmm,” Charlie says with a nod before continuing. “Right after you two came in. Not that Dean had any clue, or even noticed her at all. He was busy watching some oblivious, tall, dark, and dreamy dude apologizing to Jess halfway across the room.” Startled, Castiel’s head snaps up to find Charlie beaming at him. She sighs, all pretend-exasperation, before ruffling his hair and hopping down off of her bar stool. “Yes, you, doofus. God, if you two weren’t so deliciously perfect together, I swear I’d wash my hands of you both. The angst!”
everything else is just as good.
—>A major fight/assault where Dean genuinely considers killing Alastair. He ultimately walks away and Alastair attacks him again, forcing his hand. Dean’s actions result in Alastair’s death indirectly, but Alastair really gives him no choice.
That thought has him so unnerved that he briefly considers showering, but after weighing the risks of the generator and shower noises vs a
Dean groaned, rubbing at his ears, wondering if he’d finally fucked up his hearing for good.
The swift change of topic has Castiel’s exhausted mind spinning, but he works to keep up. He owes Cain that much. “I—no, I wasn’t aware of that. I took Dean’s word that he was, but—that explains Alfie, actually.”
It’s that last thought that has a lightbulb finally clicking on in Castiel’s head.
For starters, there’s the way Cas reaches for him totally unprompted in the middle of the night. There’s the way he seemingly jumped at the chance to stay overnight with Dean in the playroom bed. And there’s how, when he thinks Dean isn’t looking, Castiel stares and gets that sappy expression on his face that usually only crops up after sex.
, especially for what he’s trying to do here. Not everything needs to be a Big Moment, or even romantic. Right now, Dean kind of just wants Cas to touch his dick.
The whole group mostly stays together, though Dean’s scrutinizing eye picks up that he and Cas aren’t the only ones gravitating towards someone specific and away from the others. It’s all very new, and no one seems overly interested in peeling off for one-on-one time yet, which Dean thinks is probably for the best. He and Cas can cuddle in the hot tub and drape themselves over each other’s shoulders in the pool just fine with everyone else around—especially since they’re all doing the same thing.
Throwing his arms around Castiel’s neck, Dean drags him in close, basking in the solid, warm weight of his body, the thump of Cas’ heartbeat in his chest, his own harsh and jagged breaths puffing right next to Dean’s ear.
“Dean, stop,” Sam urged. “This isn’t going to solve anything. Just… leave Cas alone and let him do what he needs to do. He’s dealing with some big stuff right now. Life-altering stuff.”
and when did that happen? How long, exactly, were they kissing?!
So if he’s rushing to get out the front door of his building as quickly as possible, that’s nothing short of understandable. There’s a bus route that stops basically at his stoop and goes directly downtown. If Castiel can catch the one currently screeching to a halt in the street, he might still be able to make it to the theater in time. Or, at least before Crowley manages to enact any terrible decisions that’ll have him regretting working alongside the bastard again to begin with.
“Alright,” Castiel says, once they’ve both regained some control over their respective emotions, though neither of them moves away. Emboldened by the sustained proximity. Castiel’s fingers develop a mind of their own, working their way across the couch to cover Dean’s hand where it rests splayed against the fabric. “Do you think you can help me?”
Gabriel’s voice filters up from below, coming between them as hard and unyielding as the iron staircase itself. “
The day’s workshops are split along gender-lines, which Dean thinks is pretty stupid, since all of them are pretty into bucking those kind of norms and expectations.
Catching his eyes in the mirror, Castiel stares back at Dean in disbelief. “I find it hard to believe you didn’t
Beside Cas, Sam’s mouth was doing that annoyed little wiggle. “Dean, get in the sleigh.”
It’s not as if they’re the only offenders, though. At this point, everyone’s messed up a time or two (except for Victor, whose refusal to even test the waters lost him Alicia’s attentions for good), but this is different. While Castiel and Dean both stand steadfastly by their decision to have sex and decidedly have
And then he’s gone, and it’s Dean’s turn. Unlike Alfie, who left his suit in a neatly-folded pile on the table (presumably to be returned to Cas), Dean takes his with him. Even with the new additions to his box, it’s still not full. As Garth rambles, Dean muses internally about asking Sam to send the few things he
of his time, that’s saying something.
Despite keeping his eyes down, Dean still thinks he can
In this timestamp, we follow our favorite first responders through the action and aftermath of a very serious incident that happens to Cas. Stick around to find out how Dean copes and how they find their way back to each other when recovery isn't as simple and easy as just surviving.
today.
“We’ve talked about transference,” he begins, and as expected, that word is met with a dismissive huff from Dean. “Just—” Castiel holds up a hand. “Please.” Dean rolls his eyes but motions for Castiel to continue. “As you know, transference is normal. Developing romantic feelings for a therapist is extremely common. The existence of said feelings usually points to some deeper issue, some unfinished business from the patient’s past that requires resolution. Finding the root of the problem and actively working through it should cause the transferred feelings to subside and perhaps even go away.”
It was easier. Mentally, if not physically. Being a solider—what Castiel remembers, anyway, outside of any reprogramming that may or may not have occurred—was purposeful. It was
The blonde one had good instincts, obviously.
“I—I’m…” His words fail him as Dean lips skate over the vulnerable expanse of his neck, all the way down to brush briefly over the cross decorating his chest. He can almost feel the smirk as Dean's face moves back up, latching on over a pulse point and sucking until Castiel gives up on talking completely, eyes rolling back in his head.
of how much the idea of an escalated protest—
“I said I’m not getting in,” Dean pointed out, gritting his teeth.
to say the least.
The thing is, Crowley and his mother Rowena are nearly constantly at each other’s throats, and that’s on a good day. In fact, if they
Dean shakes his head. “This is ground zero, Lis. This is
pleasant dream and the kind of deep sleep Castiel rarely achieves while on duty. Being jolted awake
even realizing it was exactly what he needed. Dean
But then, most stories had a little angst, before the beautiful end. Pulling out Chuck’s timer from the pocket dimension where it lived, she studied it once more.
he thinks, snorting a humorless laugh as the disturbance crescendos, shaking the building in a blast that
Not that he had any doubt how he was going to answer… Of course not. Not after all this time. But he was still
It’s as simple as that. Castiel sets up a boundary and Dean accepts it, no questions asked. There’s no fallout, no secret harboring of resentments that crops up later when Castiel’s least expecting it. Out in the War Room, Sam has the TV on and three glasses of whiskey poured, though he seems genuinely surprised (but pleased) when the two of them make an appearance. They pass the rest of the evening drinking and laughing, swapping stories and jokes, and when they’re all several whiskeys deep, Dean sits on Castiel’s lap and plays with his hair and it’s all just… perfect.
that’s it.
Sam and Jo both froze.
Dean stares back at her, pizza abruptly forgotten. “Wait—we have a
Perhaps it shouldn’t be quite so compelling. After all, Castiel has had plenty of attractive, alluring subs in his past, but Dean is simply in a league of his own. He has to suppress a laugh considering that—he’s placed Dean in a
“No,” Castiel replies, shaking his head. “Not without you.”
There's more beautiful art from @ladyrandombox in this chapter, please don't forget to give her all the love!!!
If Naomi asks or there’s any sort of official report requested, Castiel will stick with talking about that first part.
After Dean took a second to shove a cookie in his mouth and wash it down with milk—like, fuck, it was there, so why not?—he peered around.
“Dean,” Castiel says softly. “Why are you out here?”
They’re less than ten steps in—haven’t even fully reached the path—when Rowena’s voice stops them dead in their tracks. Admittedly, it takes Castiel nearly a full minute to realize she isn’t actually
Vague pieces of his memory begin floating back, but Castiel definitely doesn’t remember pining away for Dean.
of sex, being intimate with Dean is an entirely different scene. It’s a wet-dream come to life, Castiel’s every dark fantasy laid bare and on display and
Circumstances aside, Castiel struggles not to crack a smile. “It’s a relief to see you haven’t lost your sense of humor,” he replies, eyes focused on his work. The stitches are far from a thing of beauty, but they’ll have to suffice. Honestly, Dean is lucky Castiel remembers any of his time practicing on an orange during the summer he spent hooking up with an Emergency Medicine resident—her medical skills certainly weren’t what attracted Castiel to her in the first place.
He thinks Sam looks pissed to be left behind, but Dean just doesn’t possess the emotional spoons to worry about him taking off again, not after what they just went through. “And anyway,” Dean says as he shuts the door to the car and hoists his gear up over his shoulder. He leans in through the front window so that Sam can still hear him. “You can still get infected, I can’t.” He clears his throat and hesitates. “So, uh, look. If I’m not back by dark, just go. You hear me?”
too. Eleven years of the worst UST to ever UST
Brow creasing, Castiel  squeezed around Dean’s shoulders gently. “I understand why you’re upset, Dean,” he said.
Part of this scene involves keeping Dean on his toes by making him hold his head up. He
n! I’m
“Hello, Dean,” he says.
Or maybe that’s the alcohol talking. Either way, Dean sort of forgets to be nervous, forgets to remember that he’s being filmed, that his actions might end up being watched by millions of people. He’s just Dean, having a good time, thinking about ways to hit on a hot guy he can’t take his eyes off of.
” she screamed.
“Yea, this is Detective Dean Winchester. I need the D.A. to call me back on my personal cell phone immediately, it’s an emergency.”
“Shut up, shut up,
real, and that it’s solid. That it’s more than just sex and attraction, that both he and Cas are fully capable of doing whatever they set their minds to, and fuck what anyone else thinks.
Once he saw the little “read” notification appear below his words, he did exactly that. He tucked away his phone and refocused on the matter at hand. Specifically, the issue of the Bay’s potentially compromised staff, which Naomi and Zach were still arguing heatedly about across the table from each other.
With a heavy swallow that hurts to push past the lump in his throat, Dean knocks on the glass, attempting to steal his brother’s rapt attention away from Jess. “I’ll turn her back,” he yells and Sam pauses, eventually continuing his snarling and snapping at Dean but ceasing his assault on the glass. At the far end of the room, several Darkseekers creep forward menacingly, teeth bared as they form a defensive semi-circle at Sam’s back. Behind them, flames have started eating away at the walls, and Dean just thanks his lucky stars that the fire isn’t fast-moving, that the concrete foundations of the house are slowing it down.
Or come talk to me on
the talking has stopped. Instead, Cas is kissing Dean, and he’s tugging at Dean’s belt loops insistently until Dean relents and climbs into his lap. “I was stupid,” he says into Dean’s mouth. “Please keep kissing me.”
watching the cameras, that they’re not actual Knights.
there.
“Yeah,” Dean scoffed. “Of course you are.”
“Yes,” Castiel says with a sigh. “My memory isn’t the clearest either, nor did I think to question the
out of sync with the beat playing in his own chest. He looks down and sees the EKG tracing inked over his left pec moving the way it would on a screen, a literal representation of Dean’s life on his skin, Dean’s heart walking around outside of his body. Thanks to the charm Castiel created just for them, the ink is reacting to Dean, to the way Dean
Santa—”
have him sitting on his therapy couch twice a week—
“Yeah? That’s it? And I get to keep my yard time? My books?” Dean asks hopefully, and Castiel tries not to feel like an utter asshole.
Instead, Cas smiled and nodded. “Thank you, Dean.”
“Awesome. Elevator, now.”
goddamn times
“Maybe,” Castiel says, leaning forward just as Dean does the same. The damn bats make their presence known again, but when his lips touch Dean’s, they suddenly become a very distant memory. It’s not like
Castiel wanted to know what Dean said to Jack, but he knew it wasn’t his business. As he had forgiven Dean for his actions, Jack had to as well. On his own. It seemed that his son was much better at not holding a grudge than he had been.
have nice eyes.
He’d take help, any help, that he could get. But why, oh
One, because he’s
Breathing carefully through his nose, Dean goes pliant as much as he can, swallowing around the intrusion in his throat when he’s able and letting the saliva otherwise run freely down his cheek. He’d love to grab Castiel’s thighs for leverage, but he can’t, just has to let whatever Cas wants to happen, happen.
is this how it feels to have a
Dean opens his mouth to protest or maybe reassure Castiel—he isn’t entirely sure—but Cas gets a finger up to his lips before he can spit a word out. “Just let me finish,” Cas entreats, eyes sorrowful. When Dean nods, though, Castiel graces him with a small smile.
and Dean can’t help what he wants. For him, Cas has always been it, and Dean would wait forever if he thought that would matter, would let Cas set whatever boundaries he needed, would accept half of Cas or an eighth because just being around the weird, nerdy little dude makes him fuckin’ happy in a way nothing else has come close to in years.
to extend this visit any longer than it has to be. This place is—it’s so much more dismal than I remember.”
He lets his gaze drift, scanning down his own body and noting with some disappointment that there aren’t any bruises or scratch marks. No indentations from Dean’s teeth or fingers, no physical sign of
His body pleads for him to dash forward, to take Dean in his arms, to kiss him and hold him and bite him and never let him out of his sight so long as they both shall live. The very brief time he’s known Dean, however, combined with the conflicting emotions on Dean’s face now, has Castiel fighting to hold himself at bay.
The way Cas is looking at him right now, Dean wouldn’t lift his hands from his sides for all the money in the world.
Dean sees evidence of that all the time. Back when he was a second year, Dean fell off of his broom during a Quidditch match and shattered his wrist. That in and of itself wouldn’t have been
“So get this,” Sam began, moving out into the crisp, dark air. “We think it was a recon mission. The zombies.”
Claire always tells him that she thinks the train is “creepy” at night and that only “creepers” ride it. Castiel supposes she’s not wrong, with all of the shadows and the eerie silence of both the compartment and the boarding terminal. The types of people who ride at the latest hours versus during the day—not many folks find late-night public transportation comforting, to say the least.
Because his life was just a cosmic joke at this point, the cell was full of other men dressed like—you fucking guessed it—Santa Claus.
Standing stock-still on the sidewalk, holding that stupid bouquet of flowers out like it’s something noble, on second look, Cole’s smile is tense. His teeth flash just a
As they stepped up to the counter, Dean peered down at the rows of rings and
Chuck pauses until Castiel gives a token shrug, and then immediately changes tack, his tone angrier. “Why is it so
“Not just one!” Dean’s concerned voice replied with not a small amount of trepidation. A quick glance over his shoulder into the War Room had Sam reeling;
With that, Anna stalks off to the bathroom (which thankfully has no line waiting to witness Castiel’s semi-public disembowelment), or anyone standing awkwardly under the mistletoe. She slams the door before he can get a word in edgewise. More confused than ever and increasingly depressed, Castiel clutches his half-empty beer and makes for the front door. He opens it and steps outside in full view of the party. He’s not trying to be discrete, he doesn’t care who sees.
about Cas out there on his own, of course not. Cas is a big boy, he can handle himself. But honestly, Sam and all his shop talk started getting brain-melty nearly an hour ago, and Dean can only hang on for so long these days without a buffer.
enjoyable. If Dean’s being honest, he might even like it more than the sex.
Glancing around and finding nothing amiss, Dean sets off down the alley, leaving Baby behind and trying not to regret it too much. Fishing the phone out of his pocket again, he works his jaw, fingers anxiously worrying over the keys before he eventually gives in and texts Sam back. After a thought, he adds the burner number to his contacts, too. Circumstances aside, Dean can’t help the unconscious smile that lights up his face when his little brother’s long-hated nickname flashes across the green-tinted screen almost instantly.
true, even in his own head.
Ignoring him, Rowena asked Izzy, “How do you have power down here?”
“You’re important here,” Anael replied promptly, her nonchalant facade falling back into place as she moved towards the door. “I am a healer, Castiel. It’s my job to heal those in need. I helped that other man and I helped you as best as I could, considering. His healing is being completed by the witch, and I’ve lessened your injury to a mere sprain. You can heal however you please for the rest of it.”
He tried—
it’s—Well, actually, now that I know it’s you, I believe I can see a lot of similarities, but I’m no less blown away for it.” Dean goes back to looking determinedly
wants to do is slam his head down and fuck his throat. Hey—he’s been well-behaved as
Gabriel snorts and leans back against the leather seat, crossing one leg over the other by setting his right calf obnoxiously on his left knee. “I take it back. You have not changed one damn bit, brother.”
Thank you so much for reading! Don't hesitate to drop off some kudos and please leave some feedback; we love to hear what you all have to say!
sure translates out to mean “mutual tongue stuff”.
There was a sickening
—he’s leaving the bunker alone or with Dean’s hand in his.
From where he’s going to town on Castiel’s cock, Dean seems to sense his problem, reaching out blindly to curl fingers around Castiel’s wrist and relocate his hand to the back of his head.
Castiel recites the information Dean’s requesting in an intentionally rote monotone. “Naomi intercepted a parcel coming in through the kitchen with heroin, and we’ve changed the method used to scan the mail—several letters dipped in liquid drugs and masked with perfume were detected and removed. Decidedly related, there have been no overdoses in the past two weeks. Naomi is very pleased.”
all a joke, a trick, a figment of his depressed and lonely imagination.
Blinking and trying his best to clear the fog rolling through his head, Dean tries to make sense of the Castiel that’s looming over him, looking so deliciously undone. On second thought, it’s not actually
with Castiel, when it’s on offer. Either she’ll do her best to rectify her mistake, or she’ll be scared enough to take whatever’s left in the box in an attempt to cover her tracks. Hopefully not that, but Castiel’s been told he can be terrifying when he tries.
“Anna,” Castiel replied, remembering his sister with an ache in his heart. He’d done her so wrong. “She rebelled against our ways and ripped out her own grace. At one time, we did know of her as an archangel, but God wiped her from our memories, too. When she chose to fall, he demoted her in all our minds to a mere seraph. I imagine he saw her choice to become human as a grand betrayal on the role he’d bestowed upon her.”
and wrong and in pain—go rushing out of him. It’s like someone released the plugged drain of a bathtub without warning—it’s all just...
Immediately, they jerked back, breaking the embrace. Cas jolted out of his seat and stumbled out from the sleigh onto the roof of their first house, where he stood bent over, his hands on his knees.
intruding at that point, Castiel steps away to allow the fractured little family to make some amends. As he moves towards the registration desk, he can’t help but hear Dean sniffle and the subsequent ruffle of Sam’s clothing as he slides over into Castiel’s vacated seat.
Out on the roof, Cas threw up pitifully into the snow.
Dean’s always wondered but never had the opportunity to ask either of them: which came first, the mark, or the inclination?
our intellectual property. But as you know, I care a lot about this community and the people in it. I’m going to give this some thought, and I’ll get back to you by tomorrow with how I’d like to proceed. Perhaps there is a solution that can benefit us all.”
“You know,” Sam says casually, and oh no—Dean knows that tone, the one that always precedes some piece of info Sam thinks is important but knows Dean won’t like. Dean sighs into the flickering yellow light of his rotting Frigidaire, rooting past the molding takeout to grab a Margiekugels. “You’ve really got Castiel all wrong.”
judgemental, Dean’s cheeks burn with shame. He makes the mistake of looking up and meeting her eyes. “Little prick,” she says seriously, without even an ounce of irony. This chick does
“That can’t have been more than twenty minutes,” Balthazar groaned, rubbing his eyes.
he corrects himself internally.
“Dean?” Castiel questions softly and Dean shakes his head, blinking heavily several times before sucking in a deep breath and centering himself as best he can. Castiel’s kneeling now which puts his chest, his
and serve them amidst this mess. He supposes—
There’s a heavy silence in the kitchen for a long moment until Sam finally says, “You aren’t Dad, Dean.” Dean opens his mouth to protest, but Sam cuts him off. “No, Dean, save it. Look at your entire life, alright? Look at—look at what you’ve done for me, what you’ve built for yourself. All the people you’ve helped, the causes you work for, the changes you’re making in the real world. Dad would
So, without further ado...back to Camp Singer!
“Oh, to hell with all this nonsense.” Balthazar grabbed Gabriel’s wrist and flew them past the wall. Landing on the other side, he collapsed onto his knees, wheezing and gasping. “Bloody. Fucking. Hell! I
“Shut up, Dean.” Castiel had cut him off quickly, not compromising or moving an inch. He wasn’t afraid, wasn’t unsure. Human Cas was no less intimidating than the angel variety, of that much Dean was
so that they can escape. Cas is so hot under the collar that they nearly go again right there on top of the Sheriff's desk, that plan only thwarted when the radio crackles with incoming backup in the form of a SWAT team. Fun is fun, but both of them know when to call it quits—if they somehow get separated, Cas and his severe lack of superhuman skills is going to be the not-sexy form of screwed.
For his part, Dean keeps it simple where it comes to his look—second-skin jeans that show off his best assets combined with a black t-shirt. Fresh gel in his hair after a quick shower, since the sea breeze, pool water, and sun seem to have melted his morning style away and left his skin tacky and gross. Satisfied, Dean winks at the mirror before joining the rest of the group outside their room.
“Yeah, Cas, we’ve established that I don’t know whatever it is you know. Care to clue me in?”
“The zombies did that afterward,” Sam explained, grimacing. He pushed greasy hair back from his forehead and scratched at his thick stubble. “Aiden--the tall kid, wears a beanie all the time--he told me that they’d gone out there to, uh, ‘smoke up’—”
never were, and it’s because of that that I’m here to bring you home.”
Between the explosion of tinsel and ornaments and his ferocious stubbornness to do all his decorating while on rollerblades, Jack had the place looking like a Christmas disaster.
the sacred hymn filling his ears; the words, the lilt, the powerful way Castiel’s bones tremble and his skin hums—humans aren’t meant to survive this,
“Thank you, Sam.” Castiel’s voice is still rough but he doesn’t look away either, not for one second, and Dean’s body thrills.
my friend, Castiel, and I care about you,” she says. “I want you to be happy. We never had this conversation.”
“Cas,” Dean repeats, as he follows the man into his office. “Pour the whiskey.”
“Extreme reaction to UV exposure. Symptoms and tissue samples confirm subject is infected with KV. Vaccine test GA-series 391, compound six; commencing human trials.”
If nothing is here, then...nothing is here. Dean will go back to jail, and at this point, Castiel isn’t sure he won’t be joining him. That thought—combined with what Dean told him of Crowley and Alastair’s plan—isn’t comforting.
Dean couldn’t help but be a little bit proud; they’d come a hell of a long way in under twenty-four hours. Sure, it was no Ritz Carlton, but his people were safe, fed, and sheltered, and the rest could wait for another day.
going.”
she thought in faint amusement,
Anyway, thank you again to @thetwistedwillow for betaing, you are the best.
He finds himself shaking his head and cupping Cas’ jaw with one hand, kissing down the other side of his face with so much love, so much affection it feels as if it must be bursting out of him, all visible cartoon hearts and flowers.
nothing more than to take the $200,000 dollar car out for a ride and push its limits, it’s fairly useless for the mission he’s about to undertake. Dean paints Gracelas; the Roadster’s frame and finish is nothing even close to what the sedan-like S or the crossover-style X look like. Even worse, the Roadster’s mere presence would almost certainly out Castiel for who he is, considering it isn’t even available on the market yet. If Dean were to recognize it (which he should, if he’s in any way keeping up with the company or planning for the future), that would be game over in a heartbeat.
“Yes,” he insists.
and Castiel is still all in, will wind up giving Dean whatever he asks for anyway. It’s not as if that’s a new concept for him.
Recalling Cas telling Dean that his friend Hannah had once gotten car sick, Dean jumped into action, knowing the only way to steady his shaking legs was to be himself, to take care of someone else.
like Batman, but close enough. He can be a
“Thanks, baby!” Jody said, gagging, but accepting the hand held out to help her up.
to restore magically-inked skin in that fashion, Castiel would know, that’s not a skill he has in his arsenal. A good cover-up, sure, but not the ability to
touching people. Is touching people always so good?” Without waiting for an answer, Dean settles back down, wiggling his body so that it’s pressed tightly up against Castiel’s once again and tugging his hand back across his belly. Without thinking, he covers Cas’ hand with his own and threads their fingers together, sighing happily at all the contact.
be anything but a promise.
Alright, Dean’s
Their bodies slap and slide together, Castiel hoisting Dean’s hips up so that he can more effectively grind down. The position and the action together have Dean seeing stars, seeing
“What’s wrong?” Dean asks, noting his hesitation and squeezing Castiel’s hand.
“Dammit, Balth, I
In that same vein, of all the things Dean is unsure about when it comes to Castiel,
They came in a few hours later, just as she'd expected. The cameras weren't necessary, not at the front door at least. They rode around in that dastardly truck, a vehicular beast she was coming to despise and recognize from sound alone. They came because they needed medical supplies, to restock, and because the fire from the pharmacy hadn't been subtle. She hoped that it would be the other two, the ones who had been there when the man had been injured—she wanted them all, but perhaps he would follow if she claimed them first; humans were so emotional, they did such things as that.
When the door shuts behind him, leaving the room dark and empty, the smile drops from Dean’s face immediately. Inwardly, he vows to be more careful, to never let something like that happen again. Cas is in this for one thing and one thing only, and like
“The obscure lettering on my ribs is Enochian. It’s actually a healing charm built into my skin. I’m not sure that it would do much if I were, say, stabbed straight through the heart, but for stubbed toes and papercuts, it’s fairly effective.”
call off sick…
in his arms; so solid and welcoming and they fit together in a way that has Castiel wanting to say,
thing he can do right now is try his best to find Dean and bring him back alive.
or my super gay dad
Triumphant, Dean whirls around and goes back to wrecking stuff, careful not to do any permanent damage or actually destroy any books or education material. He flips chairs and the remaining tables for a few more minutes until a parade of guards rush in and tackle him to the ground.
“Hey, I help. Come here,” Gabriel said, leaning over Cas to touch his fingers to Dean’s knee. Dean felt the cool rush of grace flooding through him. It had been so long since he had felt the sensation that he couldn’t hold in a gasp as the wound on his leg shrank, then disappeared, leaving a faint pink scar behind.
Meg just wiggles a little against the bar, her smile never faltering as she scrutinizes Dean’s face. “You’re right, I didn’t. I
“Thank God for that,” Bobby replies, and then there’s a muffled exchange Dean can’t quite make out in the background, though he strains to hear. “Noted,” Bobby says, to whoever is beside him and then, “Dean, go to Four, will you?”
” the ornery director behind him hisses, shoving at Dean’s thigh with the toe of his Birkenstock. Dean makes a face but complies, glaring back over his shoulder at the guy and his clipboard as he walks. The cameras can’t see him until he rounds the corner of the house, so Dean has a moment to slap on his most charming smile, step into his “playboy” persona, and gear up.
Neither here nor there, but Sam had asked them not to continue that particular attempt at solidarity—something about needing to resist temptations, not act as if they don’t exist—Castiel just does what Dean asks him to do when it comes to his brother. He had his doubts about drinking in front of Sam, but it’s Sam’s life, and he never seems bothered, happy with his pot and nursing a single beer. Dean says it’s not that Sam has a problem with alcohol, it’s that he doesn’t want to risk the depressant effects and vulnerability of relapse that would come from being drunk.
“Whoa, shots fired,” Charlie replies, flipping onto her side and tipping her head up to affix Castiel with what he’s sure she believes is a charming grin. “So, what I’m hearing is, it’s juicy.”
That’s a lot of weight on Castiel’s shoulders, but it’s an unexplainable relief, too. Dean
Wicked Witch of the East style.
(yes, really), come to terms with and learned to love who he is at heart—he’s never, ever crossed this line.
If it comes to that, Castiel will take his hand and they’ll both run, never once looking back.
In front of them, Dean’s clothes are cut off, his body is prodded this way and that, and Castiel begins to go numb, with one minute quickly becoming indistinguishable from the last.
Cas blinked. “We...didn’t…”
domain, so I'm taking point. We go together or we don't make it out alive."
Dropping his crossed leg back to the floor to lean forward, Castiel frowns. “Like what?”
After they’ve all settled in and claimed beds, everyone takes turns freshening up and changing from beach-wear into party clothes. While the bathroom is full to capacity with dudes showering and girls straightening hair and putting on makeup, some of the cast slips away to explore the grounds. That includes Dean, though he doesn’t seek out a buddy to explore with him. Instead, he keeps to himself, mainly out there to
himself, that would be too dangerous.
In response, Charlie’s eyes fix on something just behind Castiel and she tips her chin at it. When he turns around to see what’s so interesting, he finds Suzy walking past them. While Castiel watches, he sees the girl shoot Dean a brief glance, her cheeks pinkening up as she drops her gaze to the floor and hurries by. But she—
“There must be a pattern that we can use to go the rest of the way. We just have to figure out what the numbers have in common. Read off the list again, just the numbers,” Gabriel instructed, pulling his crowbar from the belt loop he’d tucked it in.
“Where are these keys?” Jo asked, her eyes wide when he looked over. “I’ve never heard of them.”
"Cas, angel, no offense, but please shut the hell up. We're not speaking it into existence, 'kay?"
assumed he knew better, assumed
"What? I still ain't over the scrape he left in Baby's paint last week. I
Approving, Castiel offers his hand to shake. He forces himself to look Dean in the eye and apologize again for Claire’s initial greeting (a rather rude suggestion that Dean’s services weren’t needed and he could “run on home”).
“Lights,” Charlie confirms in his ear from her place in the booth at the back of the theater, and Castiel smiles a little. He’s damn lucky to have someone so competent on the lights and overseeing sound. As good as his audio tech Kevin is, Cas feels better knowing that Charlie’s looking over his shoulder.
the stuff we matched on, on the kinks list.” He stretches out a hand, beckons with his fingers like,
Uh, not that he’d wanted to before. There...was no way to confirm that.
More than that,
P.S. Time to confess...there was a secret, subtle-ish Buffy reference in this chapter. Anyone spot it?
to do with what he
Sam rolled his eyes at Dean. “You’re more pessimistic than you should be. Anyway, we know where half of the keys are now. That's already better than before." Sam sighed, putting his papers on the table. “We just need to find out where the amulet is and we’ll have all of the pieces that Cas hid.”
The doors slide open.
It should be impossible to incapacitate a Vetala in any other way than the silver knife to the heart, but somehow, Dean obliterates that lore. When Castiel comes to, there is blood everywhere, Dean’s covered in it, and no identifiable body parts can be seen.
What he doesn’t add but
Once all of the windows are open, the door is unlocked, and the TV is on (today featuring perky newscasters discussing Christmas Eve plans), Dean launches into his morning workout routine. Pullups, crunches, five miles on the treadmill while Sam does the same trek on a matching machine alongside him. It’s not Dean’s favorite activity, he’s always been more for exercising by
“What—”
Castiel can’t lie, the coffee situation alone sold him on New Washington long ago.
There are several vendors edging the dance floor and Castiel’s get-up ensures he doesn’t need to trade or barter to get anything he wants. Settling on a cup of slightly-too-sweet, unnervingly blue punch, he nurses it while watching Dean out of the corner of his eye, trying very hard not to be obvious that that’s exactly what he’s doing.
souls, and some of them look positively
Against his skin, Dean’s hand turns, something it hasn’t done in days, despite Castiel doing this same thing so many times. Tonight, Dean’s hand cups his jaw, tries to encourage him to sit up. When he does, Castiel knows he looks awful, probably red-eyed and with tears streaming down his cheeks, but Dean still looks at him like he’s the only person who matters in the world. The way his eyes crinkle and the corners of his lips curl up, it’s so
It’s late enough now that the couplets are starting to exit from various bars, hopping into cabs or making their way to the station to catch the last trains back to the colleges or the ‘burbs.
“You make me sound like a golf caddy,” Dean complains. “And what’s with the air quotes? Me and Cas
Castiel rolls onto his side and props himself up on an elbow, looking down at Dean with one eyebrow raised. “Dean, this is your mind, your
“Fine, whatever. My hero.”
had to take it apart and figure out what the fuck its problem was.
he told himself as Dean’s hands slid over his body, accidentally grazing bare skin on his hip when his shirt rode up. Dean coaxed Castiel’s arms back up.
Dean licks his lips. “Cas, you know I love Sammy more than life, and I’m crazy grateful he brought my Baby down. But I’m also glad it was you here, today. No bullshit.”
any of this to Dean, and not just because his emotional state is slightly fragile at the moment. It’s too much, too soon, and may very well always remain something Dean isn’t ready to hear.
Dropping her bowl onto the counter, Claire’s brow knits together and her head tips to the side as she considers Castiel’s words. “My favorite leather jacket is Alexander Mcqueen,” she tells him.
The radio in Gabe’s hand crackled and sputtered, but Dean’s voice didn’t go through.
The fact is, saving a life sometimes means carrying out a brutal procedure (or two) first. Sliding a tube between a set of vocal cords, drilling a needle into bone to start an access line, pressing a syringe into the negative space of a person’s chest to relieve mounting pressure, or setting a bone. All brutal, even in their necessity.
“God, yes,” Castiel replies, reaching out and grabbing Dean’s face, his smooth palms scratching against Dean’s stubble as Cas pulls him forward. “Dean,” he says. “Kiss me for real.” In his mind, Dean’s imagined this moment a thousand times. The plush feel of Cas’ lips, the heat of his mouth, the way he clings and holds onto Dean like he already can’t get enough and they’ve
Dean swallows hard and for a minute, Castiel thinks he’s going to refuse, the way he always does. But then—like some kind of miracle—he sucks in a deep, haggard breath, and he talks.
know about camp?”
something to help.
“Is there something wrong, Dean?” he asks evenly, making a calculated choice to use the prisoner’s first name. “I won’t apologize for looking out for you. That man had you pinned—”
Dean felt like he was choking on the guilt.
“05152008, coming out!”
Determined, he shoves Cas up against the side of the house, making him grunt. With a meaningful look that he hopes Cas can see through the shadows, Dean drops to his knees. Right away, Cas groans quietly, widening his stance and making himself comfortable against the wall. Both of his hands go right to Dean’s hair; he knows what the fuck is up, and he’s down with it.
“You’re welcome,” Cas says with a wink, and Dean’s jaw drops open a little.
Cas gets some help from an old friend, Dean and Cas take the long way home.
Even the way Castiel’s fingers tingle as they twist together, the way his heart pounds a little bit faster and his mouth goes dry at the expectation, the
Either way, by the time Dean is sweating and begging Cas to let him finish—fingers so tangled in his hair that Castiel’s
“You’re tough, you can handle a little cold,” Castiel teases, bumping his arm against Dean’s and smiling. Outwardly, he’s maintaining the illusion of calm, but inside, he’s a wreck.
to just feel
From his seat behind the wheel of Baby, Dean shakes his head, still trying to clear the cobwebs, though the house and the whole event is now far in the rearview mirror. He must have hit his head pretty damn hard to react like that, to just leave Sam behind and follow Cas like some kind of trained puppy...
“But Dean
, though? That’s
Whatever.
” he corrects himself, just in time.
His eyes follow Cas’ movement as he crosses the room to stand in front of the mirrored dresser, watching like a creeper as he rolls some deodorant on and sniffs.
“What do you mean?” Balthazar asked, confused.
So how Dean came to be on his third two-fingers of whiskey, poured from a bottle Castiel’s already worked his way halfway through, that’s definitely new. While he’d love to blame the alpha perched on the seat across from him for all of his bad decisions, Dean’s not actually drunk, so he really can’t. No, this is a hole he’s dug himself, and try as he might, he can’t even regret shoveling his way down here.
It’s been years since Castiel has experienced a drop like that, not since he first began experimenting in the scene and done some casual subbing just to learn what it was like to be on “the other side.” While he hadn’t particularly enjoyed the experience of being dominated, it was at least useful to understand what his subs go through, and for that, Castiel is glad he did it. Still, he’d encountered some real assholes, people who called themselves “Doms” but were really just horny bullies with consent issues that liked to be called “Daddy.” People who didn’t seem to understand that submission is a gift, a privilege, and that all subs deserve both respect and something in return for the things they offer up.
“Stoplight works for me, but my safeword is Impala, just in case.”
He won’t be sleeping in a cell tonight, won’t wake up to the beep of the gate tomorrow morning, won’t have to eat the shit cafeteria food for even one more meal.
. What works. All of this fake civility, the shallow friendships based on mutual favors, it’s just not his way—but it is certainly Washington’s.
and heat, pleasure and desire and so much more, flowing freely and unrestrained between them.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, the pieces suddenly clicking into place. He
family
“Huh?”
happens, and it takes Dean a few seconds to realize that his volume is flipped all the way down. As soon as he twists the dial to turn it up, the air in the increasingly stifling room is filled with the end of the emergency notification, and then, relievedly, Bobby’s anxious voice.
The enthusiastic nod Castiel gives him in reply must be a
Still, being accepted into it means sitting next to Dean at a holiday table, laughing and feeling included, exchanging presents in front of Ellen’s fireplace on Christmas Eve and then falling asleep in Dean’s lap with
Dean picks up the pace. There’s a singular streetlight outside the lonely house, shining down on a little white mailbox. As he approaches, Dean notices that there’s something taped to the side closest to him—a piece of paper that says, “DEAN” in huge letters.
But he’s always—again, privately—thought the concept was a bit of an exaggeration. After all, how could one
in jeopardy just to get his dick wet, he’s not a monster. And he and Cas
The last thing they had to get was a suit. After going from shop to shop just to find Dean things to wear casually, rather than being able to go in and get everything he needed in one go, he doubted that getting a suit was going to be very fun.
intention of locking himself anywhere.
Despite that, Castiel gets to work immediately once again. He runs back outside,
Hours later, Dean found himself sweaty, dirty and starving, but the camp had an actual working bathroom inside the garage that boasted both a functioning toilet
Christmas was quickly taking over the Bunker, despite the fact that it was still a week and a half away. Jack was having himself a
dying, he was under the impression that feeling
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel replied, hovering over him. “May I sit?”
“Me?” Dean echoes, still a little hazy and now with sand in his hair and blue balls in his pants.
but his desire to keep the temporary peace between them eventually won out and he kept his mouth shut, joining the other two in staring out the window like the depressed Three Musketeers.
Everyone, that is, except for Dean, Christian, and Castiel. And Bobby, actually, Castiel notices—the fire chief is eyeing up Christian with a furious expression that suggests he might actually be more of a danger to the guy then Dean is, should shit hit the fan. It’s only Ellen’s insistent tugging at his elbow that seemingly keeps him where he is, but Castiel’s fairly certain that if Christian doesn’t knock it off, they all might be attending a funeral tomorrow instead of a wedding.
“Truly, such a good boy,” he murmurs, placing a hand on Dean’s shoulder and pushing down lightly. “Kneel.”
“If she wants to play matchmaker or whatever, would you just let her? For me?” Now Anna’s doubling down, turning on the puppy-dog eyes, and Castiel’s powerless against
“I can’t do this anymore,” Dean ranted, winging the pizza box across the room so that it landed upside-down on Gabriel’s bed. “You kiss me, you sleep with me, I think I’m finally getting somewhere with you and then—Cas, what the fuck, man? You’re up, you’re down, you want me and then you don’t, Jesus Christ.” He ran a hand through his sweaty hair, turning it spiky and wild and begging for Castiel’s fingers.
“Stay there,” Castiel warns. “Don’t move. Just for a moment.”
thing even remotely unusual is a dude that he’s never seen before sitting on one of the many benches dotting the long concrete paths. Guy’s wearing a trenchcoat, which isn’t necessarily out of season but
that Castiel can look at and relish knowing it’s the equivalent of body graffiti that says:
Unexpectedly, Dean’s head snaps back, green eyes boring into his like possessed fire when he lifts them. It makes Castiel start, has him sucking in a breath and trying to hide it, those incessant
fire, if necessary. He hardly saw the point of making a big deal of things, then
be counting on is currently pinned beneath the dead-weight of his older brother’s body in the backseat, questionably clothed. When Sam sees Castiel—actually looks at his face—he does a comical double-take and abruptly drops Dean’s leg. The shock is enough to make him pause in his quest to drag Dean’s body out from the vehicle, presumably to restrain it with the sigil-engraved cuffs tucked into his front pocket.
You have to understand—it’s one thing for you to visit the outskirts of Hell, especially with Rowena or Crowley there, looking out for you. It’s quite another to do the equivalent of—well, what it took a garrison of angels decades to accomplish nearly half a century ago.”
, Dean can’t help but agree. The champagne is weak, but Dean drinks like it’s last call. Not for the first time, he wonders what the hell he’s gotten himself into.
