British Army
Its a split second decision. He brings his elbow back as hard as he can and hits Moran in the chest. It takes the bigger man by surprise and He takes a step back,making the space between them large enough for Sherlock to slip through and dash to the sitting room.
Sherlock shifted slightly as his feet began to ache from standing for as long as he had. He was about to just forget about it for now and go grow a few different types of bacteria cultures with that was left of the milk. Though just as he was about to turn around, he saw the all too familiar sleek black car that Mycroft had pull in front of the flat. He waited until Mycroft stepped out of the car before moving to sit in his chair, grabbing his violin as he went. It needed to be tuned and he needed to pretend that he had not been waiting. Though he knew Mycroft probably saw him.
A sharp prick follows and a burning sensation spreads across the areas around it as Sherlock numbs the skin so that he May fix John up with little to no pain.
"He has just been moved out of recovery to his room, I can take one of you, if you wish to see him."
Greg could only nod at his words.
John didn't trust his legs so much, they felt funny and he held on to Greg's arm as they made their way towards the flat.
The elder Holmes sighed as he leaned back against the hard wood of the chair and ran his hands over his face.
“I hate it.”
“There will be no need for that.”
John stood rooted to the spot as Mycroft came towards him, pulling the door closed as he entered the hallway.
“But it didn’t happen that way did It Doctor Watson?”
As he placed the bag on the edge of the bed, Sherlock had decided he was going to make whoever had done this pay.
But he will take them. He will take John on his word
John doesnt say anything and that is just as well for Mycroft. He doesn't want to have to talk to him anymore at that moment and he moves to the other side of the waiting room to wait by himself.
Mycroft stands there for a moment stunned as tears roll down his brothers face before his shoulders begin to shake. The government official slowly makes his way to the side of Sherlock’s bed before easing himself down on the bed next to him. He wants to pull Sherlock into his arms, but instead he chooses to open his arms and let Sherlock make the choice.
John knew that Sherlock had picked up on it. He had probably deduced the fact he had been lonelier now too. He hadn’t moved back to Baker Street since Mary had been arrested despite the fact it felt like home. No, instead he was staying at the flat that he had decided to rent when he moved out all those years ago. Why he was still there though, was beyond him.
“You had a paper that stated he was an easy target when separate.” John spoke up before Mycroft could find the beginning of his next sentence.
Mycroft's eyes widened minutely before taking the file from Greg's outstretched hand.
He monitored Sherlock from afar once he moved out of the house, using his position to watch over him as he started Uni and his not so gradual decent into becoming an addict. Mycroft spent more time than he would ever admit to working out deals with desk sergeants and judges and setting up appointments with rehab centers and trying to figure out ways to hide his brother’s overdoses from their parents.
“Oh” He mumbled the coldness slowly growing inside him. Of course, it had to be too good to be true, he having John to himself, he having anyone to himself for that matter. Like Moran had said everyone had moved on with their lives. They didn’t need him, he was just a hindrance to their new lives.
“Greg I know you are busy but I need a favor…”
John took a deep breathe as he stretched Sherlock to the best of his ability, he knew they didn’t have much time to properly prepare the curly haired man as he would have liked. This was going to be unpleasant. He worked all three fingers inside to the third knuckle and stretched him to the best of his ability before removing them. His heart was pounding as he undid the button and fly to his jeans, swallowing loudly as he tried to relieve the dryness that was occurring in his mouth. He shoved his jeans and pants down to his knees, the cool air unpleasant against his skin, but it gave him something else to think about other than the fact he was a few moments away from taking his best friends virginity.
before concern grew. He looked at the clock, he and a few more hours to go and instead of going back to his own flat, where Mary was most likely waiting, he would head to Baker Street, check on Sherlock and find out why he wasn’t answering his phone. The doctor sighed and closed his eyes as he slumped back into his chair as the receptionist paged him for another patient. He wanted to tell her to send them to the other physician because he was going to leave early because he wasn’t feeling well, but he couldn’t exactly do that. He needed the money and they were swamped as it was.
He began to curse at himself as his body responded to the stimulation, Sherlock’s mind supplied that his erection was due to a  physiological response, but it did not stop the humiliation at the fact his body was responding. His hands curled tighter into fists, his nails digging into his skin as he whimpered.
“Please—”
“That was the idea, get him alone, no one to defend him, by the looks of it he can’t defend himself at the moment either, it would have been easy, made it look like an accident with a the publicity he has been getting lately, he cracked under pressure from the papers, no one would know any different.” Mary stated. “And the hospital would have gotten all of the blame for releasing his information.”
Colonel Sebastian Moran
The squad room went silent as they stepped out into the hall, everyone’s eyes had fallen onto Sherlock creating that tension and awkward feeling that was more hindrance than helpful. Greg grumbled as he stopped and grabbed Sherlock’s coat sleeve, pulling him to his side, becoming a barrier between the stares.
Not to mention John still had a hold of one of Greg's sleeves and It didn't feel right to wake him up.
“I realized this morning that there are some things that I am running low on.” Sherlock stated, his hands clasped in front of his body now as he spoke, His eyes not really meeting his brothers. “And some shopping is most likely in order.” Sherlock watched as Mycroft’s eyebrows rose to meet his hairline for a moment as he took in the suggestion, the possible suggestion behind it. Sherlock had been one for vague suggestions, cryptic messages, especially when he was feeling better, more towards himself. Mycroft regarded him for a moment and looked as if he was going to disagree with the suggestion before he sighed, closing the files on his lap before tossing them onto the coffee table.
Sherlock shifted in his seat and nodded slowly.
“I'll be fine John, it's alright. Go.” Sherlock stated offering John what he hoped was a reassuring smile. For a moment, it seemed as if John was going to stay, but after a moment he gave a single nod and began to back up before turning around to head to the door. John was half relieved that he had been reassured he could leave, however he felt guilty at the fact he was leaving Sherlock at the mercy of Moriarty's right hand man.
He was surprised at the fact Sherlock had flung the door open and was making his way up 221B’s stoop before the cab had come to a complete stop. John blinked a few times as he watched Sherlock’s figure limp through the street door and disappear inside leaving him to pay. He sighed as he pulled out his wallet with his good arm and pulled out the right notes and handed them to the cabbie as he slipped out of the backseat.
“No.”
“Will you stay? For the interview I mean?”
Sherlock stood there for what seemed like an hour but it couldn't have been more than a few moments until the nurse came back with a wheel chair.
Sherlock cursed his body as another moan escaped his lips from a nip to the right spot on his neck, which caused the blonde on top of him to chuckle against his skin, rather pleased that his ministrations were getting the responses that he most likely wanted. However it seemed as if the trail of marks left on the pale neck was not enough for his tormentor as his hands began to roam the brunette’s chest, moving upward as his mouth moved downward. His hands stopping just over Sherlock’s nipples. Pinching and twisting them until they turned hard under his fingers.
Mycroft knew that searching for this on his own would be seen as an abuse of his power. But none of that mattered as he clicked on the search button. He wanted the man in the footage, he wanted the man dead, and he wanted to kill the man himself.
Sherlock tensed as John came closer, though he wasn’t really sure if that was possible. However, the tension in his body eased as John laid his warm hand atop of his own cooler one. It was the touch that grounded him much better and faster than him clutching the sink and muttering to himself that he was home. That the nightmare that had gotten him so upset was just a dream.
"How is it your fault?" Mycroft asks his voice is cold as he speaks. "I trusted you to watch him! To look after him, To care for him when I couldn't and you couldn't even do that like you couldn't keep a Job at that surgery you got when the two of you first met. He in the  Hospital
He fumbled with it until he could hear  distinct ringing, and after a few presses of his finger he managed to turn on the speaker. He just hoped that he had called someone who could help.
Sherlock is a bit sad about something and John comforts him the only way he knows how (this can be any method of comfort you see fit)
He can't tell if he is and Sherlock turns back around to attempt to get to his feet only to find himself starring at Jean clad knees.
The flat was quiet, the silence only broken by the sound of Mycroft flipping through the paperwork he had brought with him when he came over. He had managed to shower and to dress and he felt the best he had since he had come sprinting back to the flat as if the Hound of Baskerville had come after him, though as much as he didn’t mind being hidden in his flat away from the rest of the population, there was only so much he could take before he got cabin fever or one of his moods struck, and he wasn’t that keen on going back on cocaine, not since that was the reason Moran had been able to take him from the drug den in the first place. His hands clenched behind his back as he rested his head against the window he usually stood in front of, his eyes scanning the busy street below. His stoop was free of loitering reporters and no one seemed to be able to see him. Which may have been for the best, honestly.
He is on a plane back to London half an hour after John's phone call.
There is a surge of anger and sadness in Mycroft's body. Slowly he moves from his chair to sit on the edge of Sherlock's bed. He moves slowly, giving Sherlock a chance to pull away as he slips his fingers under Sherlock's chin to make him look at him.
John woke up slowly. The bed in which he laid on was not his own and uncomfortable and as he opened his eyes he remembered why. Hospital. Moriarty. He had been raped. His breathing began to increase as he began to panic.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything for a while as he looks ahead, his hands are shaking slightly but not as badly and his chest doesn’t feel as tight though there is something he wants to say and it’s bubbling right under the surface. Mycroft needs to know why Sherlock called him instead of trying to get a hold of John even if the doctor has been the one to look after him since he moved back into his flat.
He doesn't make it to the bedroom door. He can hear Moran Sprint after him and he can feel floorboards vibrate as he dashes after him.
Sherlock is up the stairs and in the bathroom before John has finished paying for the cab. He's tired, sore, and humiliated. He can smell Moran on his clothes and body and he can feel his hands gripping his hips
The light from the bathroom painted the hallway a soft yellow as John peered into the kitchen to see if Sherlock was perhaps there and again, as he called his name, there was no response.
He had been hoping that Mycroft would have let John stay, even though he knew that it wasn’t a possibility, some sliver of him wanted John there and would have preferred if Mycroft disclosed everything once it was over. Though, things hardly worked in Sherlock’s favor.
“There is nothing I can do about it Sherlock…”
He wished he hadn’t agreed to go out with John to Tesco’s because he needed to get out more because after being home for two months he had yet to venture farther than Speedy’s. But he assumed that it would have been safe, that he was with John, that no one even knew his existence, that when they saw him he was a figment of their imagination if they saw him at all. Oh but how wrong was he as he walked down the street with John, head bowed slightly as if not to be completely noticed, but he could feel their eyes on him, following him and his every move, but he didn’t know what was going on. And he honestly wish he didn’t find out.
“It seems as if one of your employees took it upon themselves to release sensitive information about my brother, including a photograph of him while he was at your facility undergoing treatment and I am not very pleased.” Mycroft stated
“They are terminated from their position and it goes on their file that they breached doctor- patient confidentially, why do you ask?”
He stares at the message for a moment before he replies
At least he can help Sherlock. After months trying to put their system back together its obvious the country is a lost cause anyway
With a sigh, John closes the lid to his laptop and shoves it unceremoniously between the cushion and the air of his chair before standing. He cleared the distance between the chair and the couch in a few steps and decided that the best way to approach this was just to be blunt.
He is nearly to his bedroom when a hand snatches him by the back of his shirt, yanking him backwards before turning him and smashing him into the wall near the bathroom door.
The detective shifted in his chair, watching his friend as he still slept. He had thought about going to get John's clothes himself, but he would still have to answer questions and that meant he had to leave John alone.
The brunettes fingers dig into the carpet as he hears the sound of a zipper being undone. Behind him he can hear moran muttering.
He bolts towards the his bedroom, if he can get a head start he can get out the window and down the fire escape. He won't be hurt there. He refuses to be harmed in his own home. He's supposed to be safe there.
"Because of some sick person, not because of anything you did or didn't do." Mycroft cuts him off.
“Yes.” He said tersely, a friend, a ghost, a bother maybe. Now he wished he had never opened the door, he should have waited, she would have gone away, then he wouldn't have to deal with this, instead he could be watching bacteria go through asexual reproduction, maybe he could even be laying down resting, but instead he sat there tense and alert wondering when John would be back so he could take his lady and leave.
“Mary did.” Mycroft answered and went on to explain before Sherlock could interrupt. “She faked a medical release form and sent it to the hospital after you had been discharged no doubt. She would have found out some information from John and used it to her own advantage. “
The noise startled him, it was the last thing he was expecting, John, Mycroft, and Greg had keys so they had no reason to knock and no reporter would be brave enough to actually come and disturb him themselves, at least not after Kitty Reily. He stopped and stared at the door, hoping that it was just his mind playing tricks on him, he didn’t want anyone to be there, he didn’t really want to see anyone or have a stranger in his space. He paused and looked at the door, silently praying that there wouldn’t be a second knock, though when there was, he felt his stomach clench.
John had left nearly an hour and a half before why would he be calling now?
Sherlock’s fingers dug into the soft skin of John’s hips as he began to pound into the other man. Warmth began to pool in John’s belly as his orgasm grew closer with each thrust.
John had stormed off from the crime scene, angry. Though what he had no idea what he had been angry about now. Perhaps he was angry at Sherlock, Though he was probably more angry at himself more than anything. In fact he knew he was.
A look that flashed across Mycroft’s face that Reminded John of the parting look Moriarty gave him before he sent him into the room to rape his best friend.
The officer rushed to John's side, the light in hand illuminating his friends body.
Mycroft waited until Sherlock had laid back against the pillows and closed his eyes before he retrieved his mobile and sent a message to Anthea
Sherlock could see that John tensed before he sighed but he didn’t press the matter. John, good wonderful John did not press the matter. Instead he told Sherlock to lay back before pulling the covers over him. There was a dip in the mattress near Sherlock’s knees.
"I-I don't know. I found him when I got home. He was just lying there in the middle of the room." John answers, his voice quiet. Mycroft flexes his hands around the handle of his umbrella and he frowns. He doesn't like John's answer. He turns his head slightly to fully take in John's appearance.
“You will be, Sherlock, I promise.”
“You should probably go and start to pack up your belongings, yes?” Sherlock asked “Or have you changed your mind about moving in?”
Sherlock added a second finger and John gasped in pleasure as he moved them in and out slowly until, his own cock twitching at the sounds his lover made. By the time Sherlock added the third and final finger, it was obvious John had grown impatient by the way he moved his hips to fuck himself on the other man’s fingers.
"John, John, it's alright take a deep breath." A soothing voice stated from his side. John turned and looked to find Greg sitting on the edge of the hard plastic chair still dressed in the clothes he wore last night. He must have stayed then.
“Oh.”
“Relax.” John muttered as he brought his free hand to rest on the small of Sherlock’s back, rubbing the expanse of skin, sherlock knew he was tense, he could feel it in his arms and thighs, and he took a deep breathe, telling himself this was fine, it was just transport, Virginity was a construct of society.
He had let himself in and gave Mrs. Hudson a reassuring look as she watched him ascend the seventeen stairs to the flat he once shared with Sherlock. The door was closed but not locked and he had no problem letting himself in when his calls for Sherlock went unanswered.
Tears prick the back of his eyes the soap stings the raw skin of his flesh. He moves mechanically as he scrubs the dried blood and fluid from his thighs before he sets out to scrubs between his legs. A sob escapes his lips and tears slid down his face as he sets out to feverishly clean what is left of the men from his body.
Sherlock stood just inside the door with a bag that undoubtedly had clean clothes for John in hand. He didn't say anything at first, instead he took in Greg and John's appearances.
The two of them slumped forward, panting as they used the counter as support as they regained themselves.
Sherlock shakes his head. “I haven’t been out of the flat properly in what seems like ages.” He said his hands flexing as he keeps his head down, if they stay there for much longer they will draw the unwanted attention he is trying to avoid and despite the fact he is feeling okay, he doesn’t want that. “The last time I was properly out of the flat was when I was taken.”
“Yeah and they don’t appear to be going away, If you could send someone to clear them off for obstructing the flow of traffic, a fire hazard, trespassing, just anything. He wants them gone and I can’t blame him.”
Sherlock breathes in the dust from the carpet as Moran's thrusts become harder and more erratic as he climbs closer to his climax.
Panic began to settle in the pit of Sherlock’s stomach as it became obvious that no amount of movement would get the other man off of him. His mind tried to think of another way, something that would put an end to this and he could go. He took a shuttered breath as he fought the ever sinking feeling in his stomach as an idea came to mind. He had become hated for his sharp wit and even sharper tongue and his observation skills and the impulse to voice them had only added on to the hatred that most people felt for him. Perhaps there was a chance that would work here, that he could hit the right nerve and Moran would go running off with his tail tucked between his legs. Sherlock turned his attention to the man straddling his legs, the weight and heat from his body was unpleasant against the bare skin of his thighs.
"Just get on with it." Sherlock grounds out as the hands are removed before fingers are trailing down his crack, wet and slippery before one is circling his entrance. It becomes apparent that whatever John has is a lubricant, and he is thankful that at least Moriarty had the decency to provide something to make this violation of his person easier.
John’s brow furrowed as he rounded the first set of stairs, the final steps to the flat were illuminated and as he made his way up he realized that the door to the flat was open. It was strange, since Sherlock had insisted that John close the door on his way out to the store. It wasn’t an unreasonable request given the events of the last few weeks, months actually, but John had never once thought that Sherlock would have opened the door unless there was someone he knew there, or someone that had been sent by Greg or Mycroft.
Moriarty smiled to himself as he leaned back in his chair as he watched the display before him, only looking away as the door opened, his right hand man, Sebastian Moran entering with the files he had requested. The sniper moved to hand the files to his boss, hardly paying attention to what was transpiring behind the one way mirror until a scream grabbed his attention. His eyes flicked towards the glass and a smile tugged at his lips at the sight
John's blood ran cold and he shifted slightly as he looked down, sherlock stilling, listening to what was being said.
“Sherlock.” Greg said softly as he stood in the gap between the door and car body. “If you need anything, anything at all, don’t hesitate to call okay?”
He could see Sherlock sitting in his chair, violin in hand, staring down as his fingers plucked at the chords before making the adjustments as needed. It wasn’t too hard to see that Sherlock was actively attempting to ignore him like he would have ages before now. It was some semblance of normalcy, one given only by the fact Sherlock knew who was coming up those stairs.
The thought of his brother being ripped open in such a way made Mycroft's stomach roll and his blood boil with anger. It just fuels his attempt to make progress before Sherlock can stay awake for a longer period of time.
It had to be shock, it had to be setting in by now.
“I hope you don’t mind, I have some cold cases you can look through on my desk if you’d like. “The DI stated as they made their way to his office, the younger man nodded, work would be good, it would give him something else to think about, to focus on other than the fact he was in a building he hadn’t been in such a long time. But he doubted that time would have made anyone forgive him, why would they?
"Sherlock's in the Hospital."
“John went shopping, he should be back in a hour, depending if the chip and pen machine works for him.” Sherlock stated. “May I ask who you are?”
"I need you to have a few of our trusted people track him through the video that was recovered. Find out where he went after he left."
"I need you to talk to me John, what do you see from where you are?"
His hands curled into fists on the blanket, but before John could voice his disapproval, his attention was drawn to the doorway.
Sherlock continued to struggle, trying to pull his hands from Moran's firm grasp. He didn't want to be tied down and if he had to be, he didn't want it to be like this. He did not want to see the face of his attacker as he was being violated. He didn't want to see the joy Moran got from causing him pain and humiliation once again.
Greg swallowed. His throat was dry and He felt sick. How many time had Sherlock endured this then? Had it already begun when he had seen him on the last case he had showed up to?
"John!" He cried as Moran got him on his back, trying to get his friend's attention. Though no response came from the heap on the floor and the detective felt a rush of horror run through his body at the fact he had to fight this man off alone. Without thinking he brought his hand through the air, his palm making contact with skin, a slap echoing through the room and then everything went silent. Moran had been taken by surprise but now Sherlock saw his hit was a major error.
Sometimes what people say are just empty promises
A sob escaped John's lip as he sat up slightly, his body slumping against Greg's, his head resting against Greg's shoulder.
Tension John had no idea he had melted away as he slipped inside his bedroom and locked the door behind him. He leaned a against the surface for a moment before moving father into the room.
Sherlock didn’t say anything and neither did John, but that didn’t matter, the silver haired man knew if Sherlock didn’t consider it, John would, John wanted what was best for Sherlock like the rest of them.
“You?! I trusted you to look after him.” Mycroft hissed as he took a step closer to John, who took a step back.
I am so sorry I have not updated this story like I did with the previous one, this one is just a bit harder and I am trying to figure out where i want it to go with out botching it up too badly
The nurse nodded as she typed in Sherlock’s name before scrolling.
“Stop, pl-please.” Sherlock begged, his voice shaky and hoarse, but his plea was met with harsh laughter and harder deeper thrusts.
"He should be ready to go in a few hours. Just waiting for the doctor to come in and sign off on his discharge orders and get his prescriptions ready." the woman explains softly as to not wake the soldier in the bed. The woman have Greg a soft pat on the arm before she left to finish her rounds.
He didn't even grace Sherlock with a goodbye as he turned and walked out of the building to his car. As he slipped inside of his vehicle, he decided that he would give them a chance to settle or at least give John a chance to rest before he called to check up on him.
“No.”
“I can’t promise anything Boss.”
“I’ll go get my coat.” Sherlock stated, walking to his bedroom as Mycroft stood, tossing the files back onto the coffee table before gathering the clothing he had discarded on his way in. By the time Mycroft is fully dressed again, Sherlock is barely emerging from his bedroom, but he doesn’t say anything, though by the look on his face, it is apparent something is bothering him, but the older doesn’t ask and the younger doesn’t tell.
His eyes travel upwards taking in Morand looming form, his curled fists and the anger etched on his face.
He made an effort to ensure the Windows in his room were shut and locked and so was his bedroom door.
He's quiet, reserved and exhausted as he emerges from his room the next morning. Sherlock couldn't sleep. He was afraid to. So he didn't. He wants to shower again. But it's early and John is home.
“I am sorry sir, we can’t allow calls to be directed to her.”
However, John knew that Sherlock wasn’t exactly feeling the relief that he was. He sat quietly across from him, hunched over slightly with his elbows on his knees as he clenched his hands together as he tried to find the right words to tell John what was next.
Sherlock gasped out he felt a warm heat pulling in his belly, his mind screaming at the rest of him that this was not wanted, this response wasn’t suppose to happen, but it did nothing to stop the white liquid that spurted from his cock, painting his belly and the bed under him. The way his body tensed as he orgasmed was enough to bring John to the edge,
“If any of this gets overwhelming, tell me, and I’ll take you back to the yard alright?”
“Sir I am not sure who you think you are-“
Sherlock looks so young at the moment. The hard lines of his face have vanished, replaced with sadness and vulnerability.
Greg groaned and he scrubbed his hands over his face before leaving them there for a moment, before leaned back in his chair, his arms falling on to his lap. “Right, right, either way Mycroft is going to flay me alive regardless.” He muttered as he stood “Grab your coat, you can go, but you are going to ride in the squad car, no exceptions.” Sherlock nodded as he stood, grabbing his coat, slipping it on.
The doctor began to stack up his books, placing them into the closest box, placing things that belonged to Mary off to the side on the couch. He was being careless with her objects, though careful enough not to damage them. He turned slightly to toss the novel of hers into the couch, the hard bound bouncing on the couch before falling into the floor. He sighed as he grabbed the last few books of his before making his way to place them in the box before bending down to pick up the book. The pages dragged along gently on the floor as he grasped it by the spine, closing it as he went before placing it on the couch next to the other items of hers when something caught his attention.
"Mycroft." Greg greeted as he approached, attracting the other man's attention
Before the cab had come to a full and complete stop in front of Baker Street, Sherlock had the door open and was almost completely out of the vehicle. He had to get away from the tension thick air, from the unwanted stares and the unpleasant assumptions the driver had most likely come to by the look of him.
John took a deep breath as he searched for words before he began. “We thought it was a case, at least we thought it was, and it had piqued Sherlock’s interest, so we went. But we were ambushed when we arrived. It had been set up by Moriarty, for what reason I don’t know. But we couldn’t leave until we met his….terms”
“Good Morning Sherlock.” John returned as he set the mug down on the counter with a soft clink. It was one of those slow, lazy weekend mornings where they could afford small instances such as this. Though as Sherlock pressed his lips to that one spot behind John’s ear, he was certain it was going to turn into something more. Not that he entirely minded.
The doctor's shaking hands grasped Sherlock's hips gently slowly bringing them up, making the taller man shuffle onto his knees. Bringing his body a sort of doggy style position.  John,s heart was pounding as he began to feel slightly sick. He could feel sherlock tense as he reached around to undo the detective's trousers. It wasn't like he hadn't thought about being intimate with Sherlock, though this was the last way he wanted to do it. He wanted to take Sherlock properly, prepare him like he should, not be limited to a poor excuse for a bed and the two foil packets of lube Moriarty had handed him before telling him what he expected.
“What’s this?”
Before he could say anything, Greg had scooped him up in his arms.
John became worried and made his way down the hall and stood in the doorway, his eyes falling on Sherlock’s obviously tense and panicked form as he clutched the sink. It was the first time he had seen Sherlock this way, the first time he noticed the raised, pink skin that crossed Sherlock’s back. His Scars. He was rooted on the spot as what he was seeing hit him.
"What are you talking about?"
“You know it’s okay to cry.” John stated as he watched Sherlock from his chair, the detectives back was straight and stiff as he looked out the window. He wasn’t allowed to get any closer to the other man, the brunette had made that perfectly clear when he attempted an hour earlier, He knew the taller man was hurting, it was written all over his body and John couldn’t blame him, how could he? How could he blame Sherlock for being human?
“Just get this over with John.” Sherlock breathed
Mycroft had been scanning through it, trying to decipher who this person was, because the last thing his brother needed was to deal with this. Sherlock had enough deal with, he was still healing from his rape and torture, battling monsters in his dreams, fighting to keep some aspect of his life private regardless of the people trying to profit from him. This was the least Mycroft could do, he couldn’t protect him from being taken in Serbia and he had failed to keep him safe once they were back in London, so he could at least make sure the people who had a connection with the consulting criminal were dealt with properly.
“You are making a mistake.” She said as she began to descend the stairs. “I’m not the enemy here, Sherlock Holmes is.”
John slipped into the room, thankful not to have this conversation out in the open where others could hear what he was about to tell Mycroft. He didn’t want anyone other than the man standing before him to know what he had done.
Mycroft didn’t really known when he had slipped back into that role of big brother that he had vacated so long ago, it may have been when he rescued Sherlock from the Serbians or it might as well have been the moment he shot Moran between the eyes, either way it didn’t matter, as long as he was safe from harm’s way.
"Yes Sir?" Anthea answered after three rings.
Sherlock looked up at Greg as he paused between files, the silver haired man filling out the incident reports and case files from the murders that had crossed his desk in the days prior. His eyes moved towards the single file in the in tray on his desk and his fingers were itching to grab it. It was new, fresh, something he could dive deeper in, something that could provide something more than a slice of normalcy for him. However, he knew Greg would tell him no, that he couldn't be involved with the new case and that until things were sorted, the mostly finished stack of cold cases were all he was going to get.
He wants them to know that John is unavailable, taken, his. And he does as one of the beach goers goes in for an unmistakable kiss.
The detective bowed his head, his eyes clamped shut, gasping out in pain with every thrust, god he wanted it to be over, he wanted it to stop, but he refused to voice the request. This was to stop them from killing John he told himself as his eyes began to sting with tears. This was to save John, and that was the only convincing he ever really needed.
The tumblers clicked softly as John turned the key, unlocking the door before pushing it open slowly and silently. The flat was dark as he shoved the boxes he had brought with him inside the room, his hand feeling around the wall for the light switch. Soft white light filled the space, illuminating the few belongings he had to pack and take back to Baker Street. He was moving out of the building, out of this section of London and back to the one he had left, to the one that felt like home, because well that was what baker street was. Home. His Landlord knew of his departure and he had already filled the change of address with the post office, the only thing he needed to do now was pack up.
The flannel gets tossed with the clothes to be burned as he grabs a towel to wrap it around himself.
“I’ll be fine, detective inspector.”
Slowly John brought his eyes up to take a look at Sherlock's face. He didn't find shock or disgust. Instead he found his friends face told be hard, like cold stone, and his usually vibrant eyes were cloudy with anger. Not at John, no, not at him. But at who had put him there. If he was that angry now he didn't want to know how he would be if he found out what had happened. Not that John was going to tell him.
"I didn't think about calling anyone." The detective inspector replied. "I was more concerned about getting John help instead of calling people."
The words come easily out of John's mouth and it takes a moment for them to sink into Sherlocks head. It seemed too good to be true. John was reaching out, telling him he was there for him. Sherlock could only nod at Johns words. They seemed so surreal.
A Mycroft centric Chapter
In the end, his struggling was futile as Moran forced his hands into a loop of rope that was pulled so tight he could hardly feel his fingers, causing the already red, sensitive skin sting with pain.
“I didn’t mean to wake you.” John said as he took a sip from his mug
“Then Call someone who can!” the taller man exclaimed as he sat up slightly. “I don’t get out much to begin with, but I don’t appreciate being a prisoner in my own home!”
John had called him? That must have meant John had come home early then....at least earlier than Moran had intended. He wasn't dead. That means John knew what had happened as well. Well he knew that he had been beaten within an inch of his life at least.
“That’s kind of good then, I’ve missed him.”
The government official nodded, that explained it. Sherlock’s call was a request for company, a request to have someone watch over him as he slept, to ward off the monster that was still attacking him in his dreams.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed slightly not pleased in the slightest at the fact his little brother was being talking about like something that was easily disposable when people where not to fond of him.
“I’ll be there soon, Alright Sherlock? I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.” Mycroft said and he could hear Sherlock hum before the line went dead. The government official dressed quickly, grabbed his coat and a few files before heading down stairs. It was too early for any of his staff to be up, but it wasn’t like he couldn’t drive himself to his brother’s flat.
John faltered for a moment.
There was a sinking feeling in his stomach that this was just a precursor as to what was to come.
Sherlock's eyes flew open as he felt something touch his arm and he swung out against it.
Sherlock nodded as he relaxed his body to the best of his ability, telling himself that this was fine, everything was going to be fine. But that all became apparently wrong as John began to push into him. He was bigger, more solid than the gingers that he had used to prepare him with and it hurt as John pushed slowly pushed his glans inside.
"I-I don't know. Maybe I thought you would make things worse. You aren't the most tactful person, Sherlock and the last thing John needed was someone barking orders to the nurses and asking questions that he's not ready to answer."
“I highly doubt that Ms. Morstan.” He replied as he dropped the thick collection of paper on the metal surface of the table, his eyes never leaving her face, though she never looked anywhere but his. “While Sherlock in his own right is a handful on his own, his criminal record contains nothing more than possession, and the only file of his that is anywhere near this one in thickness, are his hospital records, which these are not. Though I am sure this will look rather familiar to you.”
“I think you should see this, Mr. Holmes.” She said as she held out the paper for him to see. The official looked at his assistant before looking at the paper she was holding for him, his eyes widening as he reached out and snatched the paper from her hands. The grayish paper crumpling and tearing slightly at the force. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing, he wished that he knew for certain that the person in the picture wasn’t Sherlock. But he knew it was, he knew it was his little brother, that image had been burned into his mind and there was no way he would forget what Sherlock looked as he laid in that bed. Some part of him couldn’t believe that someone he had trusted to the care of his brother had broken confidentiality. However, another aspect of himself should have known better, people would do anything for a quick money, even if it ruined someone’s life even further.
“She did.” He nodded once, his voice coming out softly as he spoke, as if it was catching up with him now, all of this. “When she came over before you came back, she voiced that I was keeping you from your life and making you rather miserable, and that is the last thing that I want for you.”
For a moment, it seemed as if his prayers were answered, the door opened revealing a tall, blonde man. One of Moriarty's men, coming to let them go, but as he stepped into the room and closed the door, it didn't seem so likely. Sherlock opened his eyes, watching the man approach the bed, his heart beating quickly in his chest as he took in the man's appearance: Ex-Military, strong, tall, larger than John, most likely in more ways than one.
No one said anything, Sherlock diverting his eyes to look anywhere by to the older man.
The detective turned his attention to Mycroft, worry etched onto his brother’s face before the realization washed over his features. The government official managed to free his hand from the death grip that was on his hand and, like before, grasped Sherlock above the elbow gently, turning so his brother could see him.
Mycroft looked over John’s shoulder to the empty hospital room and waved his hand as an offer to go inside. As much as he didn’t want to leave their current position in the hallway, he didn’t want anyone overhearing this conversation.
“I woke you, didn’t I?” Sherlock greeted before John had a chance to say hello, His voice was rough and vulnerable and sounded as if he had been crying and the muffled sniffle that followed confirmed John’s suspicions. “I’m sorry. I just didn’t know who else to call.”
A small part of John couldn’t believe that Mary had told Sherlock that he was just going to hold him back. He knew that tons of people didn’t like the dark haired man, but those people usually had some sort of interaction prior to jumping to assumptions, but with his fiancée there was nothing to go on. He had never spoken ill of Sherlock while he had been gone, not even after what Tim had told him. He had just removed that part of his life and continued to live, her words were based on unfound ground. There was always that possibility she was jealous, however, that usually occurred between the women he was romantically involved with and his best friend, and while she didn’t know what he had been through, there was no need for her to be that cruel to the detective.
“But he was proven wrong, you and Greg were looking for me.” Now Sherlock looked up at the man before him, his hands clenched on his lap, his voice low and steady as he spoke. “You didn’t have to, but you did. Just like I didn’t have to call you last night, but I did. I feel safe with you My… and at least with you I know I am not completely standing in the way of your life.”
An angry roar comes from behind him before he topples to the ground as Moran tackles him.
Today Sherlock seems better, he's turned himself towards Mycroft and fiddles with the hem of the blanket as he listens to his brother Read Treasure Island.
Though now, he wished he had been slightly rude and told her to go, to leave him be, if he had then maybe he could be sleeping, instead of dealing with the thoughts running through his head at a thousand miles an hour. Was Sherlock sleeping? Was he sitting up awake? Was he calling for John because the Moran in his mind was viciously attacking him once more? Or was he just lying awake so he didn’t have to deal with anything of the sort? Had those media hounds staked their claim to his doorstep once more, standing out there like wolves waiting for their prey? Or had one been brave enough to find out the street door was unlocked and managed to make their way inside and were hounding him with personal and private questions he didn’t know how to answer?
"John what's wrong?" Greg's tone carried concern.
John began to push back against him, meeting him thrust for thrust, leaning forward just slightly so each thrust Sherlock made brushed against his prostate, sending waves of pleasure crashing through his body.
After the bags were folded and stored away, then did John venture down the short hall, knocking on the door.
______________
"The nurse said you would be going home today " Greg stated, breaking the silence.  "I called Sherlock to bring you some clothes."
“Queen Elizabeth Medical Center, how may I direct your call” The operator stated as his call was picked up on the 17
“Who told you were a bother to me?” The doctor asks but he doesn’t reply, how can he? Instead he leaned forward slightly and stared down at the patch of carpet between his feet.
“Sherlock, please?”
“He said no one was looking for me.” Sherlock said causing his brother to pause and look up from what he was doing at the counter. He couldn’t look at him though, he didn’t want to see the look on Mycroft’s face for this. “He said no one was looking for me, that he had made sure of it... I did not expect to be saved. I don’t think he did either.”
"Fine." Sherlock breathes, trying to reassure himself more than John. "Just hurry up, we don't have all day." The probably had actually, but This was not something Sherlock wanted to drag out. He didn't want Moriarty to get bored and send someone else to do John's task. He breathes deeply as John pushes his finger in deeper, slowly working it in and out until it can slide in and out with ease.
John winced as he sat up straight as the door opened. He refused to look at Greg as he took the other man's hands as he pushed himself from the car.
“Why don't you just scurry out of here before your oh so valiant effort will be in vain.” Moran stated as he raised his weapon, his thumb clicking off the safety.
“And you have no idea what really happened to Sherlock, but I do. At least- “he breathed “I know who else hurt him and where you can find him.”
“How did you find me?” He asked as he looked back at her, after placing the milk in the fridge.
“No, It wasn’t. Moriarty sent Moran in me to have his way with Sherlock. He didn’t let us go until Moran had his chance to violate him.”
As Soon as he heard John’s voice, Sherlock felt his muscles relax as the tension left his body and for a moment that was alright, until he realized that he didn’t want actually see the other man. His insides felt cold and his chest seemed to be filled with shards of glass as he tried to breathe. Slowly he stood, the legs of the chair scrapping against the lino as his body pushed it back and away from the table, before he made a quick retreat into his room, closing the door behind him.
All of his mail went to a postal box, there where no checks, credit cards, or debit cards in his name and if there where, they hadn't been used since just after He was discharged.
“I’ll give you five minutes and that all the time I’ll give you to explain yourself.”
he told himself as the man looked at him once before going on his way.
Mary didn't seem fazed by the fact several of Mycroft's men were pulling her up to her feet, cuffing her hands behind her back, a smug look on her lips.
“I wasn’t making a request.”
Dishonorably Discharged
"Mycroft. I-I wasn't expecting you until the morning"
"If I were you, I wouldn't consider doing any funny business, I'll be watching." John swallowed at the words, but said nothing, instead he stood there, looking down at his friend as the criminal slowly backed out the door.
Mycroft had been the one he had worked with on this mission, the one he had planned this all out with. And he was the one Sherlock needed to hear the words “You’re safe” from. So he waited in front of the window every day while John was at work for the familiar glimpse of the discrete black car that his brother always arrived in.
The brunette ungraciouly flops down on the faux leather and turns to face the cushions as he curls up on his side.
“Let go of the door John.” Mary stated as she turned to face him but not really meeting his face, her hand still on the door knob.
He made sure to make noises as he approached the brunette as to not startle him, gently he laid in hand on top of Sherlock’s, giving it a light squeeze.
He made a disapproving sound at the back of his throat as he flipped through the file on the table, his eyes no longer meeting Mary’s and with John no longer there he could get down to the grittier aspect of this: disposal. Though that wouldn’t be difficult to say the least. She was a threat to national security and was more or less wanted in several countries for murder of very prominent individuals, and to top it off the fact she was part of an international crime web? Well it wouldn’t be that difficult to convince the higher ups that his course of action was necessary. When the finally looked up at the woman across from her, he gave her a tight lipped smile before turning to one of his men,
"I'd prefer to stay, actually." Greg replied as he turned slightly to face Sherlock. He could probably feel the fabric biting into his wrist. "I can give you guys both a ride home from here."
"John is going to take the only thing you have to give." There was an evil grin on his face as Moriarty rocked on the balls on his feet. It took a moment before the meaning clicked in Sherlock's head, and he resumed to pull on the ropes in an attempt to free himself. John couldn't blame his friends Struggle, this was a horrible way for someone to lose their virginity.
He remains silent as Sherlock enters the kitchen, unceremoniously shoving the test tubes and beakers out of the way to make room for the bag in his hand.
The detective shifted slightly as he heard John come back up the stairs, his steps slow and steady, as if he was reading the paper on his way up, thought Sherlock had no idea what could possibly interesting enough that John had to read on his way up the steps.  However, his answer came seconds later with the calling of his name.
This one didn't end up like I first intended either, but I do like the way it turned out
A scream ripped through his throat as Moran continued to shove himself into Sherlock body. It felt as if he was being ripped in half, and Sherlock was certain he felt something tear before Moran was fully sheathed inside of him.
John slipped into the car seconds after he did, and Mycroft didn’t fail to note the fact that the doctor chose to sit closer to him than his fiancée. Mary didn’t look at either of them as the car pulled away from the curb, and no one spoke as they headed towards the outskirts of the city towards the warehouse he favored for this sort of rendezvous with less than savory individuals. It was the same one that the rest of the web was taken to and questioned in the days that proceeded Sherlock’s rescue, and there was no need to change the location now.
“She said that to you?” He asked Sherlock, the man turning to face them again, he looked tired, worn out the more John looked at him, the way he did after a nightmare.
“No!” The answer came not from John, but from Sherlock, the younger man's eyes were wide with panic as blood seeped through John’s fingers. The last thing he wanted was John to get hurt because of him.
That was what Moran wanted to do.
The rest of the boxes contents where the most troublesome in Mycroft’s mind as he finished empting out the contents out onto his desk. It was all information on his little brother, mostly from the last two years, thought there were some papers in the mix from the last few months.
"Sherlock, Why didn't you call me?"
Sherlock had kept his legs as still and as stiff as he possibly could as Moran had discarded his trousers. His heart was beating quickly, pounding against his chest so hard and fast it almost hurt. He was dreading what was coming next as he felt hands grip his ankles in an attempt to spread his legs. He willed them not to move, not to budge even an inch to where the sniper could worm his way in between them.
“I just wanted to see how he was doing.” The doctor began. “I know I shouldn’t have said what I did when he was brought in. I blamed him, and it wasn’t his fault, none of this was his fault and I treated him like it was.”
"I brought the clothes you asked for Lestrade." Sherlock voiced as he moved further in to the room. His eyes never leaving John's form. The closer he got to the bed, the more apparently some of the bruising on John's pale skin was and Sherlock saw red. It was bad enough that John had been hurt, but injured enough to need hospitalization meant it was worse then what he could currently figure out.
The officer sighed as he hung up his phone, running a hand over his face. quickly he poured coffee into a to go cup and headed out to the garage with the intent to clear off the walk way, he’d give out citations if need be, he knew Sherlock already felt like an outcast and he would be damned in the treated him like one.
Perhaps it was the declaration of feelings on his part, the fact Sherlock had not said a word afterwords and left him hanging that made him reluctant to go back. He didn’t want things to be awkward.
“I can’t hold you from down there.”
“Look at you, sacrificing yourself to save your friend. Playing hero. Some things just don't change, do they?” he murmured softly, his voice low and full of tenderness which did not meet his eyes, which still burned with his malicious intent. Sherlock moved his head slightly in an attempt to get away from the touch. However, the weight on his body and the tight grip of the rope on his wrists made it difficult to escape the light yet disgusting touch. Moran chuckled lowly in his throat as he watched the younger man under his body as he tried to move away from his touch. His fingers lingered a moment longer as he shifted himself upwards slightly and leaned in just a fraction more, until his hips were flush against that of his victim’s. Without word or warning, he rolled his hips against Sherlock's, causing the other man to grasp in surprise before a moan escaped his lips.
"It's alright John. You don't have to tell me. I know. " how could he not? The ties wrists, marks to his face? Undressed below the waist, the smell of blood. John didn't need to tell him. He was an officer, he had seen rape victims before
From the drivers seat, Greg glanced towards the rear view mirror every few moments to check the reflection of John in the mirror.
“Not until you tell me what you’re hiding.”
Sherlock focused on the pressure on his biceps as he took a deep breath, he focused on John’s words for a few moments as the tension eased away from his muscles. The talking to the media was not something he enjoyed doing and after his last encounter with a reporter he was weary of this one. At first he was alright with it, it seemed easy enough. He just had to answer a few questions and it would all be over with. But the closer the time got to the time of the interview, the more he began to over think it. The more he over thought it, the worse his anxiety over this entire ordeal got. That was until John stepped in. Sweet, wonderful, John who grounded him with a simple touch and reassured him with the idea that it he would not be facing this alone. That was all he could ask for.
Sherlock shifted at the end of the bed and his features softened when he realized John was watching him.
“That was easier than I expected.” The doctor mumbled as he walked passed him
No, he couldn't be dead Sherlock decided as something warm grasped his hand, another hand. The light burned his eyes as he opened them, causing Sherlock to groan out in discomfort as he shut them with again. Something shuffled to his right as someone stood, and the sound of the lights switching off met his ears. Whomever it was returned and the warmth that had been grasping his hand returned.
The world spun as he landed on his side he refused to move. He couldn't and it was then he figured he was going to die. Everything hurt and he figured that something had to have been broken or cracked or torn by the vicious kicks to his stomach chest, legs, and sides. He had no choice but to watch Moran out of the eye that had not begun to swell as He walked around him and grabbed him by his feet.
Sherlock, beaten, bloody and half naked in their sitting room.
"John called me." Mycroft began after he cleared his throat. He leaned forward and placed his elbows on his knees as he placed his clasped hands on the bed. " He said you had been taken to the hospital. I came as soon as I could."
“I mean it sunshine, I want you to call me if you need anything, I want you to be okay and feel safe.”
Halfway through the last box, the eldest Holmes found what he was looking for.
Mycroft sits on his brothers bed until Sherlock has calmed down and drifted off to sleep.
He didn’t realize when John returned, he didn’t hear the door or the creaking step, no. But he felt him, when the doctor wrapped his arms around him telling him he needed to breathe because he was breathing too quickly.
“Have a seat on the couch, if you’d like to wait for him.” Sherlock added as he moved back to the kitchen. Though he didn’t pay attention to his bacteria anymore, he was more focused on keeping an eye on the stranger he had let in.
“Sherlock?”John asked, his voice coming out low as he stepped into the enclosed space. He noted the way Sherlock’s head turn towards his voice slightly.
I don't like the way this chapter ended, but I thought some comfort from Mycroft was needed
Sherlock’s lips pulled up slightly around the corners in a smile and he went quiet for a moment, shifting his weight as he uncrossed his legs before crossing them again.
“You need to loosen your grip, if not you’re going to have a hell of a time moving them later.” John stated as Sherlock looked at him from the corner of his eye, saying nothing as he slowly released the death drip he had on his dressing gown.
“I wouldn’t put it that way, you are more likely giving him an experience to remember.” The criminal voiced, loud enough for John to hear but not loud enough for Sherlock to pick up on the conversation
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because I freaked out, that wasn’t supposed to happen.”
The carpet is rough under his skin as Moran grasps his hips and pulls them up slightly before one of his knees are between Sherlocks legs, spreading them.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep.”
The creaking of the steps grabbed Sherlock’s attention the dark haired man turned his attention to the door as his brother did the same, he knew the steps and the gait of the person well enough and his heart stopped. How much had John heard?
“S-Sherlock..” John moaned from above him the other man panting and slick with sweat, his thrusts coming faster and faster as he grew closer to his climax. His intent not to hurt Sherlock seemed to have gone out the window as he slammed into the younger man’s body, causing him to cry out, it was becoming unbearable for Sherlock. The overwhelming sensation that ran through his body every time John hit his prostate, the fact it made his own cock twitch, making his harder than he already was just added to the humiliation of his violation.
Mycroft had always had his hands full when it came to dealing with this little brother. Sherlock was always a little rambunctious and hardly ever listened. When he was small, he would rush about the house wearing a pirate hat with the dog in tow looking for some secret treasure and during those times he refused to answer to anything other than “Captain Billy.” Of course his energy level mellowed out a bit when he began school, and at first Mycroft thought the slow change in his brother’s behavior was due to the fact he was disappointed that he had to be in a room learning for so many hours a day. Though later he would ask himself why he had been so blind to the fact Sherlock’s behavior wasn’t due to the fact he was confined in such a small space, but more to the fact he was being bullied by his peers.
“What are you doing here?” he asked as his head turned slightly as he heard the chair scrap across the kitchen floor as Sherlock moved from his place. A few moments seconds later, the sound of the detective’s bedroom door closing met his ears, causing the doctor so sigh.
Sherlock nodded slowly his arms wrapping around himself as bubbles began to form on the bottom of the kettle.
The doctor’s brow furrowed the moment he opened the flat door to find it completely and utterly empty. No one was sitting on the couch, no one in his chair, he had even went as far as to checking Sherlock’s bedroom, which too, was cold and empty. He told himself not to panic, that there was obviously nothing wrong and that Sherlock was safe, he had probably gone out with whoever was watching him, though that is what he hoped as he lowered himself into his chair, crossing his legs, settling in to wait.
"Are you going to kill me?" Sherlock asked
both of them are silent as Sherlock threads the needle before tilting John’s head back slightly to get better light.
“That’s okay, sunshine.” Greg stated, his voice even and warm as he spoke. “Come on and I’ll take you back to the station.”
Mycroft took in Sherlock’s appearance as he leaned back into the chair, he looked well rested, better than he had when he emerged from the bedroom a few hours before, he wasn’t openly asking but he supposed the longing stare out the window and the fact he said shopping should would be enough of a hint that Sherlock had decided it was time to venture out once more. It didn’t seem like a good idea honestly, not with everyone and their questions, wanting their chance at him, but if Sherlock was willing to make this move on his own, he really couldn’t say no.
“He’s here.”
John nodded once, half tempted to thank the other man, but he wasn’t sure it was the best idea, seeing that if Mycroft wasn’t satisfied with the information he received he would order John’s death.
Greg knew something was wrong immediately by the sound of John's voice. It was distant and hoarse.
“What’s wrong?” He asked as he pulled a suit out of his wardrobe, before walking towards his bed and placing it down as he waited for his brother to reply. He didn’t care if it was early, not when there was something not right with his little brother.
“Go away.”
"Mycroft Holmes."
There is a sense of vulnerability as he tied the gown closed. Moran's words coming back to him.
Mycroft's world freezes.
“Mycroft?”
“They’re not going to do anything to you, not if I can help it.”
The cashier didn’t say anything to them as they bought what they had come out for, well rather Mycroft paid for it as Sherlock stood a bit behind him as not to be noticed.
The brunette wanted nothing more than to move on with his life, to get back to the way he used to be, but he knew deep down that wasn’t possible, he just wanted to be fine, he just wanted to go back to being Sherlock Holmes without all the fuss, but that was too much to ask for
John was about to turn when Mycroft looked up from whatever he had been looking at and the look on his face turned from the usual expressionless mask to one of distain before he stood.
“New toy?”
“That’s never stopped you before.” The warm breath against his skin was enough to make John shiver. The response drew a chuckle from Sherlock that he felt before he heard and John knew he no longer stood a chance. Sherlock knew him inside and out, he knew how to make him, the army doctor come undone.
“Mr. Holmes is in Room 457 on the fourth floor.”
The sound of his mobile vibrating against his nightstand startled Sherlock awake and it took a few seconds for his sleep muddled mind to realize what was making the buzzing noise.
Mycroft's knuckles go white as he grasps the handle of his umbrella.
Images are flashing across the laptop screen at a speed of at least one per second as Mycrofts laptop search through the databases for a positive match for the still image on half the screen.
Mycroft left John standing in the shadows as he approached the table that Mary had been placed at, her features were school as she sat with her hands clasped in front of her, her eyes searching for a way to escape or any type of weapon she could possibly use since her bag had been confiscated by his driver.
“Because arresting him isn’t going to solve anything!” Sherlock finally snaps, there are tears of frustration in his eyes and he looks away from Mycroft. “Because he works for Moriarty do you think it’ll make a difference? Because it won’t. If he can order two people to have their way with me what make you think he won’t have a third.”
"G-Greg...." Johns voice came out hoarse from the screaming he had done.
"Thank you Anthea."
Mycroft didn't wait for John to make a move and stepped forward, John doesn't have a right to see him anyway.
The dressing gown fell to the ground, pooling around John’s feet and as Sherlock loosened his arms around his waist, he turned to face him. He offered the brunette a smile that was soon lost as warm lips crashed against his, pushing him back against the counter.
John focuses on the sound of supplies being set out: sterile gauze, suture kit, and latex gloves. There is the sound of gloves being snapped on before Sherlock comes into his line of sight. Latex covered hands pushed away Johns own from the wound he has been applying pressure to while Sherlock examines it.
this didn't turn out entirely as I expected it to
Another hard thrust. Involuntarily, Sherlock raised his hips, giving into Moran's thrusts.
“Make me feel like I am getting back to normal.” He replied. “Maybe it’s what I need, I just need to jump right back into everything…drown one thing out with another.”
“I know i-it’s alright.” Sherlock replied, his arms were beginning to hurt and his back was aching.
Mycroft gave him a tight lipped smile as he squeezed his hand once more before releasing it before me leaned toward   the table besides his bed, his eyes watched as his brother poured a small measure of water into the cup provided.
Moran's hand straddled Sherlock's inner thigh as he licked his lips. He could feel the muscles under his hand twitch as he spreads the younger man's legs a little wider with his knees  so he can fit between them easier while simultaneously working his jeans down enough that his cock springs free. he smirks as he looks at Sherlock's face, he tries to look indifferent as Moran moves to grip his hips and pulls him closer to his body. Sebastian can feel Sherlock's body heat as he lines up his cock to the other man's entrance. If he was merciful he would have taken a moment to prepare him for the intrusion. However, he is not. He isn't even going to give Sherlock the courtesy of lube like his friend had. He didn't even afford him the courtesy of a warning to be somewhat prepared for the intrusion as he began to push the head of his cock into the body under him. However this was less about Sherlock's comfort and well being and more about Moran's play and pleasure. Sherlock thrashed around from the intrusion, his pale cheeks turning crimson. Without a chance for Sherlock's body to prepare for further intrusion, Moran plunged into the younger man's body. A gasping cry escaped Sherlock's mouth and Moran smirked devilishly at the sound. He kept his body still for a moment, savoring the velvet heat of Sherlock's unwilling arse, he rolled his hips slightly. Sherlock's pained, desperate cries and debauched look only made his cock throb even harder. He  pulled Sherlock's legs over his shoulders and held down Sherlock's hips. Moran gripped them so  hard that there would definitely be marks .He pulled out slowly, perhaps giving Sherlock a false notion that maybe he cpuld go easy on him,  that was until he rammed  himself back in with a punishing pace drawing another gasping cry from Sherlock’s lips. It wasn’t the usual slow and gentle pace people usually start out with. But this wasn’t usually and it wasn’t for mutual pleasure either. He continued to pound into Sherlock. In, out,in, out. The heat and friction felt heavenly to Moran and the sounds that Sherlock was making- oh god it was sinful. Moaning and panting and crying like a whore while his body was being defiled .His lips parted, cupid's bow red and shining with saliva. Nipples pink and hard. His legs shaking under Moran's grip. Moran angled his hips upwards slightly and thrust in once more. This time Sherlock let's out an almighty moan.
Sherlock was sleep when Mycroft entered, something the older Holmes considered to be a blessing as he took the chair that had become his over the last few days .
It had taken him less than ten minutes to get to the garage and his waiting car, and it took even less time to have a few of his people get the warehouse he used for questioning ready, just in case.
"They took him to surgery after I called you but they haven't said anything more."
The hospital lobby was busy as visitors, patients, and medical staff made their way to their various destinations around John as he stood by the door for a moment. The flow of people moved around him easily as he made his way to the reception desk.
Perhaps he should have called the paramedics or maybe Sherlock. But that was the farthest thing from his mind as he opened the door to the back seat of his car and placed the man in his arms on the seat as gently as he could before sliding back into the drivers seat.
John looked up at Sherlock for any kind of defense but it was obvious he had silently handed his matter off to Mycroft as he leaned against the wall by the fireplace. His arms had wrapped themselves around his torso and his looked down at the ground, his eyes half closed as he tried to fight off the exhaustion that was slowly creeping into his body. So instead he just nodded and took his leave as Mycroft got up from his chair, and as John made his way down the stairs he could hear the older Holmes say.
The paper crumpled as he tightened his grip, his anger bubbling under the surface, he didn’t want to think about the fact Sherlock may have already seen the paper, and with his luck he most likely already had, he didn’t want to  think about the discomfort and agony he must have been feeling. Sherlock had been through enough as it was, he hadn’t caught a break since he had been rescued from Serbia, and this was the last thing he needed.
That was something Greg didn't want to do. He didn't want John to wake up in the hospital alone.
Sherlock is already up and seated at the breakfast table by the time John stumbles into the kitchen wearing what is probably a Sherlock’s pajama bottoms snitched from the ground and his blue and white dressing gown. At first he pays the brunette hiding behind classified section of the morning paper as he fishes a mug out of the cupboard. He’s tired and requires at least half a cup of coffee before he can even process the fact his lover is no longer reading the newspaper and is now looking him over over the top of the page he had been reading.
It seemed like forever before John began to move, working to at least pull his jeans up by one of the loops to cover himself partially.
Sherlock sighed as he slowly pushed himself up right, John’s hand slowly falling away from where it had been resting at the base of his skull. He could feel John’s eyes on him as he straightened himself out.
Quietly he pushed himself up and away from the cool surface to turn and look at his brother, who was absorbed in his work, flipping through the pages in in the file slowly as his eyes danced over the page as he most likely tried to piece together the pieces of the puzzle he had to deal with. Sherlock shifted his weight before clearing his throat to get Mycroft’s attention. The older man looked up from the papers on his lap and shifted in his seat. It wasn’t the usual Mycroftian pose, but close to it.
John was warm and soft and safe, though he wasn’t as safe as Mycroft was, Sherlock’s mind supplied as he breathed in the doctors scent. The doctor was that safety one would associate with being wrapped up in a large blanket, one that soothed and assured that nothing else could go wrong, while his brother was just this force that had been there his entire life that always seemed willing to move mountains to make sure no one hurt him, no matter how often they were at each other’s throats like rabid dogs.
The curly haired man gasped as the cold air rushed against his skin as his shirt was opened unceremoniously, buttons popping off as Moran pulled the fabric apart, exposing his torso to the air. “My, my, you are a pretty little thing aren’t you?” Moran’s voice came out in an almost purr that sent an unpleasant shiver down Sherlock’s spine. The detective closed his eyes as a way to avoid seeing the hungry look the sniper was giving his pale body. He screwed them shut as tightly as he could as the body above his shifted once more, his teeth digging into his lips to prevent any sound from escaping them. As clothed hips rolled against his once more. His teeth tore away from his lips as he gasped in surprise as warm breath brushed against his neck before the warm feeling of chapped lips settled just below his jaw. The kiss was soft and chaste, though it was soon replaced with a quick nip that turned into biting and sucking that would most likely leave visible reminders if he ever got out of there.
He slammed the paper down and placed his head in his hands sighing, this was the last thing Sherlock needed, he wasn’t ready for the everyone to know that he was still alive, He had not been ready for anyone other than himself, John, and Mycroft around.
Moran's large foot came down on Sherlocks hand harshly causing the younger man to scream in pain as he felt something in his hand crack.
“I don’t know why Sherlock.” He said softly as he looked down. “I don’t know, and I wish I did, I wish they could see what I can.”
“Sherlock…”
If you ever wish to talk to me about this story or others, feel free to stop by my tumblr, You can find me at savedbyholmes.tumblr.com
John refused to look at himself in the mirror as he stripped of his clothes, He could see the bruises well enough as he undressed that he didn't want to see what they looked like reflected back at him. He tried to ignore the pain as he stepped over the rim of the tub and into the shower.  The shower sprang to life as he turned on the water, cold water splashed across his body before the hot water made it up the pipes. He stood under the hot stream of water for a few moments before he reached for the soap and began to scrub at his skin. He scrubbed at his skin until it was red and raw, he tried to scrub away the feeling of Moriarty's hands on his body and his breath on his neck. But no matter how much he scrubbed at his body, he couldn't get rid of the feeling.
“It’s alright Sherlock.” John reassured him as he stopped the movement of his fingers in and out of the detective’s body.
That was all that had been said on the subject, until last night after dinner had been eaten and the dishes stacked up in the sink to be done later.
Sherlock jumps slightly at the hand that grabs him gently just above his elbow and he turns to see Mycroft giving him a questionable look before realizing he had spaced out and was about to step off the curb into traffic.
"Why don't you go home Lestrade? You look tired. I can look after John from here."
(See the end of the chapter for
A sneer appeared on Mycroft’s lips as he crowded John’s space. “It’s not what I think? You have no idea what I think Doctor.”
Slowly John turned away from the window as he heard a brave soul knock on the door downstairs, but it wasn’t as if he was going to answer it so they could knock until they had bloody knuckles for all he cared. His attention was focused on Sherlock who seemed to grow tenser at the noise. The doctor moved forward, closing the flat door, making sure to double lock it. He did the same for the door in the kitchen even though he knew there was no way for them to get in, he wanted to put Sherlock at ease.
Greg didn't bother to shut off the car as he slid out of the driver's seat, sprinting across the road to the alley.
He didn’t feel like sleeping, or rather he didn’t think he could sleep at this point. He had been up for nearly twenty four hours now, and Sherlock could feel it in his body, his joints ached, his muscles gave a little throb and his eye lids felt heavy, but he refused to give into the temptation of resting. It was a safe venture to say that he didn’t feel that comfortable or that safe being there alone, maybe if it was a few days earlier and every thought he was dead, then he wouldn’t be so bothered by the empty, cold feeling in the flat, however, it wasn’t that way.
"Do keep struggling Sherlock, it's not going to help." Moriarty commented and the detective stopped pulling on his binds, his wrists redder than before. The criminal smirked as he walked around slightly.
“A few nights a week, but he should be going home today and spending the rest of the week there.”
He sighs as he moves to stand and contemplates going to get a cup of coffee when the Laptop pings.
It really wasn’t long, Sherlock had gone longer without sleep, but not in this state.
*This is the last chapter to contain rape. From here on out, it will focus on Sherlock's recovery.
The air is cool and crisp and salty as Sherlock sits upon the beach towel that had been laid out just for him. His long pale legs are stretched out in front of him being warmed and dried by the sun as he hides the rest of his pale body under the large beach umbrella in an attempt to stave off a sun burn.
“It matters a hell of a lot!” John’s voice rose as he made his way towards the table, Mary’s attention on him as he stood just outside the full range of the overhead lamp, the soft light illuminating the doctor’s face, the anger in his eyes and that deadly smile that played on his lips when he was angry and upset at the same time. “He’s My best friend, my only friend, someone I would go to the end of the earth for, he is the person that saved me, so it matters a hell of a lot.”
The heart monitor behind him began to slow down as he looked around and take in the white walls of the hospital room, the monitors he was hooked up to and of course, Mycroft standing next to his bed
It was late as John came home. He tried to be as silent as he could as he came up the stairs. But something seemed off as he made it to the landing. The door to the flat was ajar and after being kidnapped by Moriarty, Sherlock had always ensured it was closed before he turned in for the night.
“She wrote what Moriarty told her, she wanted her big break and he gave her the means to do it. He used her contempt for you as his means to do so. It was all apart of his plan to discredit you. Her fault is falling for it. But this is different Sherlock. This is coming from you, you are in control of the information they get to put out there. No one else.” John stated, his eyes locked on Sherlock’s own as he spoke. “And if it gets twisted and out of hand, that is something we will deal with when the time comes. Right now I just want you to focus on breathing and relaxing just a bit. Just like that good.”
Sherlock is upset, that much is obvious as he lays on the sofa facing the  back while scrunching his tall lean body on two out of three of the cushions. John silently observes his friend and flatmate from his chair across the room and thinks about how he could possibly comfort the man who has given him so much.
“Sherlock, I need you to take a deep breathe alright?” John asked as he tossed the paper aside as he stood. Sherlock nodded as he closed the space between them. “It is going to be fine. I am going to be here the entire time. You don’t have to answer every question and any question that you feel is too personal doesn’t have to be answered.” He placed his hands on Sherlock’s biceps in a reassuring manner as Sherlock gulped down a decent amount of air.
Sherlock nodded and he could feel the tension he didn’t realize he was holding in his shoulders leave. Was he worried someone else was going to hurt him? That was always a possibility, but No one was really going to hurt him if Mycroft was around, he knew that much.
“I need you to relax Sherlock.” John said as he pushed the head of his cock against the stretched muscle, “It’ll make it easier.”
“You seem to be enjoying this.” Moran replied, one of his hands releasing his hips in order to drag a finger along the underside of Sherlock's erection. The detective gasped out as the calloused hand wrapped around his cock and began to move in time with Moran's thrusts.
There was silence at the other send for a moment and John's heart plummeted.
Sherlock pretends he doesn't see the blood circling the drain and that it's not caused bu the area he is so determined to clean.
Sherlock’s voice was low as he spoke, and he didn’t pay attention to that fact as the pad of John’s thumb brushed over his cheek bone before John’s other hand came to lift his chin up. John looked determined with his jaw set, shoulders squared, while his eyes held nothing but compassion and love and what may have well been the willingness to move mountains to make sure he was safe.
"Here you boys are" the officer announced as he pulled up to the curb in front of baker street. "Sherlock why don't you open the door while I help John out of the car?"
John had been watching Sherlock throughout the ride back to the flat, looking for words to say. But nothing came to mind, nothing that wasn’t mindless small talk, something that Sherlock hated. Instead he sat their in silence, his injured arm held close to his chest subconsciously. He could feel the tension in the cab and wanted nothing more than to find a way to cut, tear it in half and relieve the pressure that was building. He wanted to go back and change the last few hours of their lives. Take back what he had done to Sherlock, defend him against Moran, perhaps stopping him from going out all together. That was impossible though.
"I need you to talk to me John, what do you see from where you are?" there was an urgency to his voice. He needed to know. What John saw would be the best way to find him.
“Sherlock… please” John begged , breaking the kiss for a breath. The pleading in his voice is something Sherlock rarely hears, and when he does it is usually in these kinds of situations.
John sighed as he hit the end call button on his phone once more, he had been calling Sherlock on and off since he had gotten to work, but there was only so many times he could hear
"You don't have to do this...to look after me....to go after....him."
"Ah, Gregory. That took less time than I anticipated."
A few moments later Anthea returned with a piece of paper in her hand, Mycroft sitting up and taking it from her as soon as she stopped in front of his desk, he didn’t even bother to dismiss her as he picked up the receiver and began to dial the number, his fingers punching the keys with more force than was necessary as he did so.
"Doesn't answer why you didn't call earlier."
Sherlock sat on his chair, his phone in his hand as he eyes stared at the door, as he counted the minutes away. He felt horrible for having to wake up his brother, pulling him from his bed to come and deal with him because he couldn’t put himself at ease. The detective would have hated himself for it if he wasn’t so tired and if Mycroft had rejected his plea.
Sherlock moves gingerly to the shower, trying to ignore the pain between his legs that is traveling up his spine. The shower springs to life as he turns on the water and waits until a plume of steam develops before stepping in. The movement makes his body scream as does the hot water. But it's a welcoming feeling.
“Sherlock…” Mycroft spoke but the younger man just shook his head
Mycroft’s back was against the headboard as Sherlock laid his head on the pillow, his eyes closing as fingers carded through his hair just like when he was a kid, the only difference was there was no Redbeard laying up on the bed with them and Mycroft wasn’t reading him a book about pirates to make him feel better because someone had shoved him down. Instead there was no Redbeard, no book about pirates, and the reason Mycroft was there because he was afraid to sleep, he was afraid of closing his eyes because in his head Moran was very much alive.
"I figured it was important, that it couldn't wait." the inspector stated as he stopped within inches of Mycroft. Up close the man looked exhausted and Greg wondered when the last time he had slept was. "How is he?"
“Sherlock?” The tension that had been gripping his body exploded as John’s welcome voice broke the silence of the flat. The detective looked up from where he had been staring at the floor to find the doctor standing in the doorway just as solid and as sturdy as ever.
"Yes"
The night was quiet as John laid awakes staring up at the ceiling in the darkness, the arm across his chest serving as a reminder that he wasn’t where he was supposed to be, with Sherlock at Baker Street. He had hoped and prayed that Mary wouldn’t linger and that she would eventually saunter off back to her own place allowing him to sneak back off to the second bedroom he had been staying at for more than a few days a week since he had looked Sherlock over. He wanted an actual chance to talk to Sherlock, fill him in, talk things over and make sure that they were on the same page before things got too out of hand and Sherlock reverted back to his old coping habits. However Mary did not give him that chance, she had made it rather clear she wasn’t going to leave him alone. She had stayed until it was too late for her to wandering around and it wasn’t necessarily polite to tell one’s future wife to scram so he could watch over his best friend.
Sherlock pushed himself to his feet, his hands releasing the fists full of sand he took with him as he marches toward the small group who are just lightly passing the ball to one another. No one seems to notice him approaching with quick strides, but he does note how John turns his head so the person only kisses his cheek.
I am glad that I have continued this story, but I don't like the way its turned out compared to earlier chapters and what I originally had in mind.
“Hello?”
Mycroft's heart pounded in his chest as he moved to look at the laptop screen.
However, everything that had been planned went up in smoke when the man had been found. Mary had pretended to be ignorant to the fact that she knew he was alive, she pretended not to notice that they others were being rounded up for their part in this and for the most part she was still safe and it would have stayed that way until her eyes caught the paper one morning with the headline she had been dreading to see, one stating Sherlock Holmes was indeed alive. It was something she could no longer ignore and despite the fact there was no longer a network, she still had a Job to finish, an obligation to uphold, especially when the end result of this obligation was something she had been striving for.
“You want to know?” John finally snapped, the anxious feeling in his body had been building and he couldn’t take it anymore, especially now, not that Mycroft knew he felt guilty. “You want to know what I am hiding Mycroft? Two people hurt him Mycroft, and one of them was me.”
The army doctor looked towards the door as he heard the stairs creek under the weight of someone walking up them, and he slowly stood as the door opened. Sherlock paused in the door way as he say that there was someone else there, but by the looks of it, he couldn’t exactly make who it was out.
Mycroft had no idea how long he had been staring at the less invidious photos when he phone rang.
(See the end of the chapter for
“She was one of them, wasn’t she?” Sherlock asked causing John to look in his direction. He was still sitting with his arms wrapped around himself like he had been when the doctor had come up the stairs, but at least now his shoulders were not as tense and he no longer looked pale and afraid. “One of Moriarty’s people.”
Sherlock screamed  out in pain as John came deep inside him, his mouth wide open as if the sound was too high for a human to hear. John’s body practically came crashing down on his, the doctor’s chest rising a falling against his back.
“Go away, go spend time with your fiancée, don’t let me keep you from having a life.” John’s heart dropped, what the hell had she said to make him think like that? If it wasn’t for Sherlock he wouldn’t really have a life. But he didn’t push it, instead he turned on his heel slowly and walked towards the sitting room, motioning for Mary to step out before following her, closing and locking the door as he went.
"John?" he called as he clicked on the light, using it to scan along the debris.
Despite the gruesome things he had seen working for MI6 he wasn't prepared for photos taken at his brother's flat.
His words were met with silence as if she was trying to figure out what could be said next.
I would like to apologize for the fact that the chapters are short and (at least to me) they don't sound right
His stomach rolls as the material falls to the ground covered with blood and semen. He'll burn them the first chance he gets. But at the moment he wants to shower. He wants to remove the evidence of his violation from his body. Maybe when he does, he won't feel so used and dirty
Greg could see the state of undress he was in and as he knelt down next to him, there was a hint of copper in the air.
"But I didn't call you to give you an update on Sherlock." Mycroft's tone had changed, he had slipped back into his usual demeanor. "I need to know about the last time you saw Sherlock, I want to know if there was anything different about him. I need to know about any contact you may have had with him over the last few months."
Sherlock seems uncomfortable by his question and he looks away for a moment as if he’s deciding to tell Mycroft something, anything, about the man who has hurt him.
The garage at the yard was still rather empty as they pulled in. The rest of the ride was spent in silence, Sherlock spending the time, thinking about what the older man had said, That wasn’t the answer Sherlock had been expecting, not really, He had been playing this over in his head since Mycroft told him this morning that the DI was going to take him to the yard with him. He imagined that Greg would be upset and annoyed at the fact he had to look out for Sherlock while trying to do his job. But thinking about it now, maybe that was just how Sherlock thought he would feel for having to be in charge of him again.
He nodded. Why did everything hate him?
He jumps at the feeling of warm hands resting on the supple flesh of his arse, rubbing and squeezing slightly as if it suppose to do anything more than to delay the inevitable.
Mary watched from a distance as all of this played out, playing no bigger part than was needed, that was until the day Sebastian Moran took charge of the Criminal web. Jim Moriarty’s death had come as a surprise but overall it wasn’t unexpected to say the least, especially not after what she had witnessed at the pool those months before. Under Moran she slipped into a “normal” life, taking up a receptionist position at an A&E and waited for her order. While she enjoyed her time as a freelance assassin of sorts, the woman had to be truthful to herself, she could get use to this life style, there was nothing to worry about, people were no longer looking for her, her current identity was secure along with a credible backstory and official looking documents. And as for her assignment of getting close to John Watson wasn’t so difficult as she thought, thought she had never intended of falling in love with him, she was just simply supposed to reinforce the information that Tim had been feeding him.
“You have nothing to be sorry for.”
The line went silent for a moment
Sherlock feels sick.
Greg stood and watched to make sure that they had gone before he shoved his key into the door, turning the key and letting himself in. The Detective Inspector locked the door behind him before he made his way upstairs, his hands in his pockets as he went. John stood at the door holding it open for him.
“Oh?”
“No.” Sherlock muttered before John had a chance to voice his opinion. “We aren’t going anywhere.”
His room was dark and slightly more inviting than the awkward feeling that would have been ebbing away at him if he was out there with the two of them, thought he doubted it could have been any worse than the awkward feeling Mary alone had given him.
He has no choice but to look at the marks left on him as he attempts to wash off the last few hours. The bite marks on his neck and the bruises on his chest and hips from being grabbed and held down as Moran rammed into his body.
“Did you ever find out who leaked my information to them?”
Located at the back of the file where copies of the picture that had been printed with the story when it first broke, who had gotten them for her was still unknown, but they may have already been dispatched of when their usefulness had run out.
"Miranda found footage of Sherlock leaving his flat and returning some time later, obviously limping." His assistant explained, Mycroft's heart jumped. "And after looking at the last of the footage from Baker Street, I discovered a man entering Sherlock's flat the night he was attacked. He is there for a good forty five minutes sir. I'm sending you the footage now."
Other times, like now, Mycroft sits with his chair next to Sherlock's bed and a book in hand reading to him. He picks Sherlock's favorite books to read and he watches as a smile creeps onto his brothers bruised face as He listens intently.
Sherlock has stripped off his suit Jacket and the sleeves to his powder blue shirt has been rolled up to his elbows. He is uncharacteristically silent, undoubtibly berating himself for the fact John is bleeding.
"Sherlock."Greg repeated. "John's been hurt and I need you to bring some of his clothes to the hospital. I'll send you the address."
"I-alright" John's voice was hoarse as he spoke, making Greg panic that much more. He had never heard his voice sound like that.
There were so many questions he had, what happened? Who had done this to John? Why was Lestrade there and not him? But those questions could wait for now.
John had been happy he had gotten out of the clinic early, it meant no more patents and a lot more of checking on Sherlock. It didn’t take him long to pack up his things and head out to the street and grab a cab. The ride of which was too slow and too long for his liking as his heart pounded against his chest. He should have gone back to the flat regardless of Mary, He could have made something up, something believable even if his lying skills were crap. That would be something he would remember next time, if there was one however.
He had never been once to take his partners from behind, but this time it was different, he didn’t want to see the look on Sherlock’s face when he entered him, he didn’t want to see the look on Sherlock’s face as he took his virginity. Gently John rested one hand on Sherlock’s hip using the other to guide himself towards Sherlock’s prepared hole.
"Keep it up, I like 'em feisty." Moran stated as he eased his way down Sherlock’s body before coming to rest on the top of the other man's thighs. The weight just as unpleasant as the wet fabric that his body was being pressed against.
FAMOUS DETECTIVE SUSPECTED TO BE ALIVE
The detective gasps as the tip of the finger pushes inside him, it's unpleasant and uncomfortable and it makes Sherlock wish that he had done this sometime before now.
Instead he makes his way into the sitting room and curls himself up on his chair. His eyes focused on both doors that lead into the flat.
“Sherlock..”
Sherlock was attempting to keep his heart from beating it's way through his ribs as he felt his legs and back exposed to the cold air of the room. John's hand slowly rubbing his sides, reassuring him that he will be okay, it'll be fine and Sherlock wants to believe it.
“You Alright there?” John asked and he nodded slowly as he got his breathing under control as he slowly loosened his white knuckle grip on the edge of the sink.
Sherlock was inside and half way up the stairs before Mycroft had closed and locked the door behind him, he was trying to breath, taking deep breaths in and out slowly as he peeled off his coat as he stepped inside his flat, sinking into his chair, resting his head in his hands as he breathed, he didn’t pay attention as Mycroft entered, he didn’t look up as Mycroft knelled in front of him.
“I’m sorry… but I need you to come over, please, Mycroft?"  Sherlock's voice was low and hints of fear in his voice. The older Holmes knew something had to be serious if his younger brother was calling. He wasn't one to talk on the line, since he preferred to text, he had learned that early on.
Something in Sherlock’s chest twinged a bit at Mycroft’s words. Sentiment. Caring, compassion, brotherly love.
He didn’t have an answer for Sherlock’s question either, he didn’t know why they had done this, he didn’t completely understand why Moran had done everything he had done to the man he was holding, but he had told the brunette no one was going to hurt him, and he had failed to do that.
“John what happened?”
“I need to talk to the hospital’s director.”
Its his fault this happened. He had gone out for a walk. If He had been more visual He would have seen Moran. If he had been stronger he could have fought. This was no ones fault but his own
The detective groaned in discomfort, pain shooting up his spine as he was stretched larger than he was prepared for.
“You and I both know that isn’t right but since you won’t say it, I will. It’s your employment file for James Moriarty and Sebastian Moran. You have a rather impressive track record It seems. You do this sort of thing for a living, not one to particularly give up when everyone else has, that’s why he was still your target.”
"Please...stop- unhh--"
John nodded slowly, he wasn’t going to argue with Sherlock. Besides it sounded like a good idea, sharing a bed with Sherlock so he could be monitored.
“Sherlock?”
“I’m fine.” He answered as John stopped in front of him, a hand reaching out to cup his face, stopping just a few millimeters away from his skin and Sherlock leaned in. John’s scent was just as reassuring as the warm hand that touched his face, and for the moment, the detective was more than willing to overlook the hints of old oil, dirt, Clair de la lune, and the leather interior of his brother’s car. “No, no one hurt me… just shaken.”
Gregory Lestrade is seated at his desk, his gaze is down cast at the photos he has borrowed from another division. The pictures are familiar and of a place he has seen and been numerous times. Though Sherlock's flat looks different here.
“Well, It’s good that you’ve decided to get this over with.” John replied.
He turned quickly as the kettle began to whistle, rushing over to turn it off before he disturbed Sherlock’s peaceful slumber. Though as his tea steeped it appeared as if he was not quick enough as he heard Sherlock’s mattress squeak as he rose. John turned to watch as his friend came down the hall and stopped by the fridge, his curls were mused as his rubbed the sleep away from his face.
He finally settles down on his bed, hiding himself under the covers. He positions himself on his side to watch the door and window for signs of an intruder.
“Mary?” John asked as he finally cleared the last few steps, the woman jumping up to her feet as to greet him.
"It's alright John. You did the right thing."
“Tea is on the top shelf in the cupboard over the sink.” He said as Mycroft turned around to look him over. Sherlock knew he wasn’t much of a sight, his curly hair a mess, his clothes wrinkled from sleep.
Sherlock took a moment to survey the room. It was plain and white, done in standard hospital style: white walls, pale tiled floor, Venetian blinds to keep out the light, there was no privacy curtain meaning it was a private room, most likely requested by his brother.  But it still didn't tell him why Mycroft was there or how he was where he was.
"Are you here for Mr. Holmes?" She asks once she has comes to a stop in in the middle of the room, dividing the space between John and Mycroft, which is best.
Greg sighed as he pulled up to the curb of 221, his eyes scanning the door as he waited for someone to emerge. He had been half asleep the night before when his mobile had gone off, starling him into alertness. The Detective inspector had been surprised to see Mycroft’s name lighting up his screen and he answered it without a second thought.
“Come on then.”
“Thank You John.”
It had been a thirteen days since Mary had been more or less arrested by Mycroft on his doorstep, it had been thirteen days since John had walked up the steps to their flat to find Sherlock sitting in his chair almost panicking at the fact the only remaining member of Moriarty’s Network had nearly gotten into the flat to do him harm. Sherlock had taken in John’s reassurances, absorbed them and repeated them when he doubted for a moment that he wasn’t going to be safe. However that wasn’t enough. Not this time. This time he needed to hear it from Mycroft as well.
“Can’t I just see him Mycroft?”
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock could see John observing him. Guilt written across the doctors face as he looked him over like one would look over a news paper article. He knew that John was trying to find something, anything to say that would break the silence, but what could be said? What did this mean to their friendship? Did they even still have one? Sherlock wasn’t completely sure, things felt tense in the distance between them. Whether it was his feelings of humiliation and tense muscles or if it was John’s guilt, he had no idea.
John gave him a reassuring smile as his hand lingered on his cheek for a moment before his hand slowly fell to his side. “I’ll put the kettle on.” The doctor said as he turned and made his way into the kitchen, turning the kettle on and pulling down the mugs that they may or may not use depending on how the next few moments progressed.
“Oh.” John says in surprise as Sherlock wraps his warms around his waist, grabbing the attention of the others. He makes sure to press himself firmly against John’s warm back, taking care to lay his head on the shorter man’s shoulder.
But after an hour of searching, it was a dead end. All information came back the same.
“I’m sorry… but I need you to come over, please, Mycroft?”
"Why didn't you call me sooner Sherlock?" Mycroft asked
Despite the shower, he doesn't feel clean, he can still feel the hands on his body and there is the uncomfortable feeling of something inside him.
In the back of Greg's car, John leaned his head against the window, he had angled his body in such a way that his weight was on his hip instead of his backside to ease his discomfort.
