Pepper’s eyes grew wide in understanding, then her mouth morphed into an excited smirk. “Oh, then we so need to talk about
Bucky, who had been quiet up till now, rapped his metal knuckles along the table. “I hope you’re not planning on giving me a computer, Stark. I’ll smash it to bits on accident.”
Every eye warily turned to Bruce, who was looking a little green around the edges. He leaned down to his laptop, his fingers dancing across the keys, and brought up something on the screen before blowing it up onto the projector. “Zemo was surprisingly organized, he liked to be able to find his files relatively quickly. He must not have thought he would ever get caught, because the naming structure was easy to decipher. The client lists are divided up by monetary means, which suggests the higher profiles bring in the most cash.” He explained, his voice wavering slightly.
“I’m fine.” At the disbelieving look, Tony repeated himself. “I’m fine, Steve. I promise. We just need to talk about a few things.”
family’s company,
Thoughts? Feelings? I'd love to hear how this chapter came across. Your encouragement is paramount to me finishing this fic off strong. Still estimating this fic will be about 9-10 chapters long.
“Whatever it is, it can wait until it’s your turn to report.” He quipped in that weirdly polite tone that
“Damn straight.” Tony sniffed haughtily, then softened his tone. “Thanks, kiddo. I really appreciate you taking care of all of that for me.”
Neither of them said anything further as Steve helped him into the tub, careful not to jostle Tony’s injuries. The younger man hissed when he hit the water, but kept quiet until the pain seeped away. Steve wet the washcloth and added the antibacterial soap recommended by Nurse Darcy, and began applying it to Tony’s body, starting at his hands, moving upwards in easy, lethargic, gradual movements to his arms and shoulders.
“I don’t want
Bucky Barnes was not having a good day.
Bucky watched Steve zero in on his boyfriend, wondering what was going through his mind right now. He had been by Steve’s side for almost
Steve reached over to kiss his cheek, nodding his thanks to Bucky who left the room with an exasperated huff. “I know, sweetheart. But you need to get cleaned up before I tie you to that bed and never let you go, right? This also gives me an excuse to get my hands on you.”
The slight breeze that flickered by from the bay had a strange calming effect on Steve. It wasn’t like he was nervous or anything, this mission was just like all the others, just with a little extra satisfaction tacked onto the end of it.
“I’m confused, why are you having Clint stalk your date?” Bruce asked, offering his grapes to the rest of the team. Bucky and Natasha each grabbed a vine for themselves.
“Thank you for telling me. But Tony, none of this changes how I feel about you. If anything, it helps me understand you better.” He kissed his left cheek, “You’re still a genius,” a kiss on the right cheek, “that’s going to make the world a better place with clean energy,” and a final kiss back onto his trembling lips. “And you’re mine.”
. He burned with fury, his blood boiling with a fierce desire and
They all acknowledged their affirmative, and Steve clipped his new shield to his back. “Move out. Listen for Iron Man and the Hulk on comms.”
His boyfriend must have agreed because he walked them back towards their bedroom, stopping every few feet to push him up roughly against the wall to press open mouth kisses and nips to Tony’s collarbone. “Ah, ah.
Bucky grunted, but followed a delighted Tony back through the doors and down the hall to the space the Avengers carved out for his makeshift lab. Tony gestured to a chair next to a table with all of the necessary tools, and Bucky took a seat.
(See the end of the chapter for
They were untouchable.
Tony scoffed. “Justin Hammer couldn’t use JARVIS even if he managed to get his dirty little hands on my tech. There are a million and one security protocols.”
in this relationship, Steven Grant Rogers. You can be the Captain with the Avengers, that’s fine, I don’t fucking care, but I am your
The moment they entered the warehouse, Bucky grabbed Steve’s shoulder and spun him around. “Alright, what just happened back there? I thought you wanted to keep Tony away from us a little while longer.”
“I said
Tony stepped forward in line, one step closer to his beloved holy grail. After a quick glance at his watch, he blinked, realizing that he was coming up on his seventy-two hour mark of being awake. The calculations for a potential final project displayed themselves within his mind like perfect lines of code, keeping his attention from settling on anything concrete around him. Tony’s brain stuttered like it always did when he went too long without sleep, and he muttered curses under his breath as he rubbed his temples. He needed coffee. He wasn’t sure he could keep himself from spontaneously combusting without it.
After Steve and Bucky washed Stane’s blood from their bodies and clothes, they rushed back to the warehouse to find their team waiting for them. The reunion had been nothing short of disgusting, with Steve and Tony refusing to keep their hands off one another for the rest of the day. Clint had decided that they needed some major downtime after everything that had happened in the form of pizza and puppy piles. Pepper and Peter were already waiting at the house when they arrived since Bucky had informed them of Tony’s kidnapping earlier, and the two friends joined in on the refusal to take their hands off of Tony for the foreseeable future. Even sleeping, Pepper had her arms around her best friend’s waist, and Peter was stretched across their legs and cuddled up with his head in Tony’s lap.
and the Winter Soldier, Zemo?”
Sam gave him a toothy grin. “So thanks, for bringing my buddy back, Tony. Back to the guy I met at some hole-in-the-wall dive bar.”
Natasha apparently had enough. “Shut up, both of you.” Bucky and Clint quieted down immediately. “Cap has a date, that’s all.”
Part II: Thirteen years later. I have 4 chapters of this part completed, and will probably write 2-3 more to finish off the story.
And if the Captain was there to fight, then Tony wouldn’t have to build weapons for these monsters. It was an impossible situation, and he fought the urge to cry.
The archer used the lock pick to slide open the cell doors, the creak and moan of the door echoing within the thin corridor. Unsurprisingly, Wanda didn’t move from her spot. Clint reached out and offered her a hand. “You want to find your brother, don’t you? I promise I’ll get both of you out of here.”
Tony groaned softly and swiped a hand across his face before finally opening his eyes. When he pushed himself to his feet, his gaze landed on the perfectly made bed sitting atop the platform.
Not that Tony wanted him to. No, absolutely not. He wanted to leave this place, go home, and eat his weight in mint chocolate chip ice cream with Pepper while Rhodey and Happy surrounded them and pretended not to love Pride & Prejudice.
, Steve. You’re perfect. You’re a good man. You take care of me. You don’t care about my shitty family and my crappy past, and you don’t mind that I’m dirt poor and have been in school for like, five and a half years now and -”
Steve couldn’t fight back his pleased smile. “Excellent. Then Tony, why don’t you show us all what you have prepared for the team, then Clint and Nat can brief us on the mission. I want details of his latest movements, and then we can discuss how to proceed and what time frame we are aiming for.”
“Tony, let me get you out of here, and then we can talk about this later.”
“Tony, run through the list one more time.”
“Your idiot of a father was going to change his will, leaving everything to you, even after cutting you off.” His godfather explained, his voice an icy rumble. “After your little tantrum, and the rather
“I don’t know about that.” Steve countered thoughtfully. “We might not have gotten to know each other the way we did, but I don’t think I would have been able to stay away from you for long.”
, Cap, they’re-”
Tony swallowed thickly as his eyes tracked down his boyfriend’s tanned skin. “My final project. You called him an ‘it.’”
The man took his hand and squeezed it tight. It practically engulfed Tony’s. “Steve.”
The hand skimming Rogers’ chest traveled upwards to grip the taller man’s shoulder, squeezing as his pleasure rose higher in waves, each passing crest leaving him desperate and aching.
“Now do you understand why it’s important to keep my identity a secret?”
“I don’t know, Tony…” He started, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “Steve seemed really worried. If he thinks you’ll be safe here, then I don’t think we should leave.”
Tony tapped his fingers along the dash. “Probably an Audi, but nothing that’s currently on the market. I could make them better.”
“Yeah, I guess so.” Tony grumbled. “But Steve is always so careful with me,
Steve picked up a piece of pottery off the top of his desk and flung it towards the wall, anger not the least bit satisfied as it shattered into fifty pieces. “Because he’s been on his own since he was seventeen years old! His father disowned him three years ago because Tony didn’t want to make weapons.” His breath was coming in harsh pants now. “Tony
Y'all have been wonderful. Please enjoy this update. The last chapter will be posted tomorrow, and the epilogue on Friday.
The archer sighed, frustrated that he was at such a close range. With a soft grumble, he whipped out his two glocks strapped to either side of his legs and opened fire. The first five were taken out quickly with as many shots, and he had to dance around the small hallway before taking down the rest. Once the hallway was finally silent, Clint holstered his weapons and turned back to the first cell.
“Steve,” Tony hissed, reaching out to cup his boyfriend’s outrageously strong jaw line. “It wasn’t their fault.” He ran the pad of his thumb along Steve’s cheeks and tightened his hold. “I was the one who convinced them to leave the house. It was
Tony looked a little put out as Rhodes and Steve helped him into the backseat next to Pepper. “What? It’s been over a week! That’s six days too long! I need me some lovin’, El Capitan.”
Strong hands were suddenly holding him up, cupping his cheeks. “Tony, sweetheart.” This wasn’t the Captain speaking anymore, it was Steve. His Steve. “Open your eyes for me. Hey, hey.” With great difficulty, Tony did. The movement made him tired, but he found enough strength to speak and hold the device in his hand up.
what this is about? That fuckin’ bint
By that evening, the entire building was packed with Hydra members, all anxiously waiting to hear about their new ace in the hole. Tony thought that he would be scared, or nervous for what was about to happen, but instead he felt at peace. He was doing the right thing. He just hoped that Pepper and Rhodey wouldn’t miss him too much, and that Steve would mourn for the appropriate amount of time before moving on with tremendous guilt. A ghost of a smile tugged at Tony’s lips. Who was he kidding? All he wanted was for Steve to be happy. That’s what you wanted for people that you loved.
A dangerous idea began forming within the confines of Tony’s mind. Before he could talk himself out of it, Tony smirked and shimmied out of his boxers as soon as he stepped into the bathroom. He only had to wait a moment for the water to heat up, and once it did, he stood underneath the spray with his back to Rogers.
He eyed Bruce, who was typing away at his tablet. “Say, do you have any idea when they’re supposed to be back?” Tony asked innocently.
“Moving on,” Tony grinned and grabbed two batons and flipped them easily in his hand. “For the lovely Natasha, I have electroshock batons, which I have graciously named Black Widow’s Bite. They’ll be charged by and stored in the gauntlets on your new suit.”
Enjoy!
!” He hissed, unable to keep the desperation out of his voice.
“Give me an update, please.” Tony asked politely with a knowing smirk in Steve’s direction.
Steve captured Tony’s face between his hands, tilting his head up so that he had to look into Steve’s eyes. “That might be the most absurd thing I have ever heard. Tony,
8,760 hours,
“Don’t fight me on this right now.” He warned, low and dangerous so that Bucky knew to drop it. His best friend grit his teeth together but nodded. Steve swallowed, sending him a grateful look. “Tony’s things can be moved to my room. He doesn’t have much, mainly clothes and any books you see.” He smiled down at his boyfriend. “All of his projects strewn about can be moved to the MIT robotics lab. DUM-E can go there too. Pepper can help with that.”
“Excellent.” Tony beamed, pulling out his phone. He pretended to type out a message, but ended up leaving it blank. If Steve wouldn’t tell him what was going on, then Tony wouldn’t tell him where he was going. He was a petty asshole like that. Whatever, Steve knew what he was getting into when they started dating. Tony didn’t think that Steve had really prepared him for the same sentiment to go the other way around, though.
“Tony…” Steve marveled. “This is...this is you.
Bucky was starting to get desperate, even going so far as considering an intervention with the help of their friends. But, out of the fucking blue, things...
Steve’s jaw tightened and he shrugged. “Not yet, anyway.”
Steve rose up onto his elbows and let the sheets pool down at his waist, one eyebrow climbing higher than the other while his broad chest was revealed. “Excuse me?”
The signal came at exactly 3:45. The bartender, a burly, tattooed man with a black goatee followed the last pedestrian out and watched him drive off. He checked the streets to his left and right a few times, eyes not bothering to linger on the small black car that had been parked there for a few hours, before going back inside and locking the door. Steve and Bucky could see about fifteen people still inside, and they gave it another twenty minutes to let Zemo and his associates fall into a false sense of security.
He appreciated that one of his best friends had his back, despite how crazy it all sounded. “I don’t know. I mean they could be watching, waiting for me to screw up so that they can convince me to come back to SI, but I don’t know. My neck prickles uncomfortably like, all the time now. Even with I’m with Steve.”
It didn’t take long for darkness to overtake him again, but this time it was with a pleased smile on his face.
. He needs to know. Now” He pulled out his phone and switched it back on. The rest of them followed his lead, as the Avengers were required to turn off all communication devices during a debrief.
“Tony, love, everything’s okay. I’ll fill you in as soon as you get home. Focus on your presentation first.”
Tony’s eyes widened as he leaned forward and shook his head. “What? No way. That’s two dollars more than last week.”
for that by the way,
“Brucie-bear, tell me how you ended up with this rag-tag group of misfits to keep me from elbowing Clint in the crotch.”
Thoughts? Feelings? We're almost at the end. I know I said that before, but these characters demand more from me than I was expecting, so we're looking at 12-13 chapters now.
365 days,
“Stay.” He whispered, a voice that seemed to belong so fittingly to him, yet at the same time sounded like a combination of every other man Steve had met during his 25 years. “Stay for me.”
Steve took advantage, pressing himself as close to Tony as space would allow and raking his nails along the back of his jacket. Tony moaned, a guttural sound that sent Steve reeling. Possessiveness blossomed deep within his chest, eliciting a growl of pleasure. He probed Tony’s lips with his tongue, licking his way inside when they opened beautifully for him.
Tony stiffened under his touch, and Steve fought the instinct to pull away, wanting Tony to feel comfortable talking to him. “I uh.” His bottom lip was now caught between his teeth, and Steve figured they had just stumbled onto some new territory. “I guess I lived at home. I was supposed to work at our family business after my second degree, but I just…” Tony looked away. “I didn’t want to. My dad didn't like that. He didn’t like a lot of things about me, I guess. He cut me off.”
“I’m sorry, what did you just call me?” Bucky asked incredulously.
answer to Tony.”
“Are you ready, Mr. Stark?”
Tony was...good, just like Stevie had said. He didn’t
.” Tony could feel the light bruises forming with each lap of Steve’s tongue and scrape of teeth, and his back arched at the thought of finally being marked up again. It had been too damn long since anyone walking along the streets could identify him as
. Tony had
He shrugged, leaning back into the cushion and picking up the remote control. “I have this feeling, is all.”
Both Tony and Bucky grimaced at the thought while Thor continued. “Friend Steven used his position as the Captain to free my brother from his debts, and assisted me in putting Loki through rehabilitation so that he could regain his mind. Once his body was purified of the wretched substance, I brought Loki home. I was back home assisting in negotiations between my father and brother when Friend Steven met you. I owe him a life debt, and I am bound to serve under a great man when called upon.”
Tony scratched at the back of his head nervously, but took the rolling seat next to Bucky. “Listen, before I take a look, I just…” he fiddled with a screwdriver, twirling it around expertly between his fingers. “I just wanted to apologize.”
“Bucky,” His best friend straightened as he was addressed. “I need your help running through this list of potential suspects. We can cross them off one by one once we confirm that they either were or were not stalking Tony.”
Steve had been hysterical. Not that it was obvious to anything who didn’t grow up with him, but the tight grip on the ‘oh shit’ handle in the truck, the wild look in his eye as he focused his entire attention on the road while Bucky drove, the way his jaw kept clicking and unclicking. The man was a
Steve was silent for a minute, his gaze coming back to rest on Tony’s sleeping form. “I have a lead to follow up on. Hydra kidnapped Tony because they wanted him to make weapons…” he took a deep breath, “which means that someone at SI who knew that he’s the real genius behind the designs set it up. Someone who he’s close to.”
SURPRISE, double update :)
. It was the best word Bucky could think of to describe it. Instead of the scrappy, easy-going, polite kid who spent a little too much time charming nurses from a hospital bed, Steve had become harsher. Colder. Instead of lighting up a room, he froze it out. People looked at him, his height, his bulk, the way he held himself, and instinctively
“Don’t pull that
Tony fought wildly at the sudden attack, trying to reach out and activate his repulsors, but his movements grew sluggish as he inhaled what he now recognized as chloroform. He tried to cry out, kick back,
! Anything, anything but that, please!
for Tony.” He gasped and let Bucky help him to his feet. The Avengers huddled around him with their hands outstretched, unsure of what they could do to help.
Pepper held him a little tighter, and he appreciated the comfort. “You are wonderful, Tony. Just the way you are. And if Steve can’t see that, then that’s his loss.” She pulled back to look him in the eye. “Just try to give him a chance, okay? He seems like a really nice guy.”
For instance,
Tony frowned, looking between them. “Pep, you can’t just go around claiming that title. Now I’m going to have to hear an earful from Rhodey.”
? “I think you’re swell, Tony.”
She took a look at his chart hanging off the foot of the bed and grimaced. “I’m sorry, Mr. Stark, but the primary on the insurance has a note to block any pain medications after the initial dose. If you want another one, the insurance won’t pay for it.”
Anyway, any kudos/comments you might feel inclined to send my way are always appreciated!
to be in that car with them, they drove there together. But the report says he
. He probably also had a concussion from where his head slammed against Sam’s seat during the impact. The feet outside moved closer, and he was able to rasp out, “Help!
Tony gave her his best Stark grin and shook his head. “I am officially all healed up, Steve made me go to the doctor today to confirm it.”
“Oh, I will be demanding pictures. This is something I have to see.” Tony laughed and held his mugs between his hands. “Who’s next?”
“I am perfectly capable of walking two buildings away, big guy.” He tried to explain, walking backwards along the sidewalk. Anyone in his way moved quickly, considering the hulking norse god following in his wake.
“Tony!” Steve hissed, pinning the young genius’ hands down at his sides so he couldn’t hurt himself anymore. “Wake up, sweetheart! It’s just a nightmare!”
Joseph tugged lightly at Steve’s arm, bringing him closer for a tight embrace. “Be careful, son. Madness is like gravity, all you need is a little push.”
Again, Clint snorted. Tony was starting to think he was doing it on purpose to spew things into his hair. “That might be the understatement of the century.”
. All of his confusion and anger boiled down to a point, and he suddenly wasn’t worried about biding his time anymore. He pushed off from the couch, throwing his hands into the air. “What the
long. They were at least able to shorten it by half through their next round of research, and then Steve cut it down to only a few potential suspects with his creepy accurate ‘instinct’ thing. The man really was a freak of nature when it came to knowing when something is right or wrong.
When Steve climbed the stairs to Tony’s apartment, he couldn’t say he was in the best mood. He was excited to see Tony again, that much was certain. But Clint reported that a redhead had entered the apartment last night, and he hasn’t seen her leave. Which meant that she was still there.
Bucky shrugged off his jacket so that his metal arm wasn’t covered, then attached his facemask. It completely obscured his identity, but revealed him as the same man from New York. The Captain’s attack dog.
Steve loved Tony, but he wasn’t sure if he could ever give up on the Captain. The fantasy he played out in his head of the two of them, happy and commitment free by the Bay side, was just that-a fantasy.
He nodded silently, stewing on the frustration that had built up over the past few days. Yes, Tony understood, probably better than anyone. He would be careful when addressing Rogers from here on out, if only to keep his friends safe.
. And if that happens, I’ll be forced to throw it out the window, and you along with it.”
Although his tone was warm and concerned, something about the glint in his eye sent a warning static current through him, causing the hairs on his arms to rise. “I uh, yeah, I’m fine now.”
Bucky’s jaw twitched as he shook his head. “I couldn’t live there anymore without being consumed by anger, and Stevie was losing himself to the Captain. We both needed a break. Boston has been good to us.”
Bucky grinned as he dumped himself into one of the conference rooms chairs, the wheels rolling him backwards a few inches. Back in the alley, Clint had introduced Wanda and Pietro to “The Captain” and “The Winter Soldier.” Judging by the horrified looks on their faces, the kids had heard of them. They had some sort of rapport with Clint, however, because they trusted him at face value when he said nobody was going to hurt them.
one hundred pounds soaking wet.”
Peter was there the next time Tony stirred, along with Bucky and...some greek god of a man. He was leaning against the back wall, chatting easily with an anxious Peter, wearing a giant, goofy smile on his face. Tony figured this was the famous Thor he had yet to meet. The man before him certainly fit the bill. Bucky watched the two with an air of caution, but must have sensed that Peter was relatively harmless. Tony let his eyes wander over Bucky’s metal arm for a few moments, cataloguing the whirr and clicks, before clearing his throat.
.” He drew himself up and crossed his arms over his chest. “Now can we have a rational conversation about this without you going all macho-possessive douchebag?”
Tony didn’t even hesitate as he told them, “the Avengers’ warehouse.”
“It brings me great joy to hear that, Captain.”
She checked her time, twelve minutes left. Natasha holstered her batons and moved across the room, using the mechanical lock pick to thrust open the doors to the vault. She grabbed the two duffel bags from the floor by the entrance and started stuffing them with stacks of cash. When those were full and thrust into the trunk of the van, she grabbed two more and filled those as well, emptying the vault. Her watch gave a seven minute warning, so Natasha took the flashdrive from her pocket and stuck it into the port to the computer resting in the main office.
His father turned towards him with a pleased grin, settling his hand on Steve’s bicep. “That’s my boy. I knew you would do well in this role.”
The Avengers split up into their respective vehicles, but before Steve could follow them out, Tony grabbed ahold of his wrist. The Captain looked back down at him, but Tony could see a glimmer of
Steve popped off Tony’s dick with a wet pop, still working his three fingers in and out of Tony. “That’s right, sweetheart, that’s right. Because you want to come around my cock, don’t you?” He had never been one for dirty talk before, but the young genius had a way of pulling it out of him. Based on the the writhing moans coming from Tony, he seemed to enjoy it. Steve leaned forward and plundered Tony’s mouth once more, letting Tony taste himself on his tongue, as he coated his own dick with more lube. He slowed down so that their kisses became more deliberate and passionate. Steve pulled back and admired his boyfriend, aching and desperate for him. “I’ve missed you, sweetheart. I love you.
“And purgatory for the pocket?” Steve finished with a good-natured leer. His father had been using that line since the day Steve came out as bisexual right before he began his first tour. He’d been nervous, having no idea how the head of the most feared Irish-American gang in the States would react to his own son having an attraction to men and women alike. Fortunately, Joseph Rogers actually cared about his son’s well-being and happiness, leaving the two of them closer than ever, despite Steve’s next six years overseas.
was the
Every Avenger in the conference room froze, including Steve. Everyone knew that Bucky didn’t allow anyone to touch his arm, and he was overly sensitive about discussing it. Having it brought up in the middle of a briefing by the son of the man who’s weapons had resulted in the arm in the first place had the entire team on edge.
Until he was free.
“Since you asked so nicely…” Bruce began with a rueful smile, getting comfortable in the other chair across the room. “I’m not exactly the most popular ex-government employee…”
“So…” Tony started, “you had this weird sixth sense feeling about me?”
He had no idea why the hell this was so important to Steve, but he didn’t dare try to argue again. This was a man on a mission. “I don’t know, a few months now? It started around January. But it wasn’t...I don’t know. I didn’t start feeling
At least everyone else looked surprised too, they obviously didn’t seem to know what was happening either. Steve crossed his arms over his chest and rolled his shoulders. “Soon, I promise. Right now, though, I need to talk to Clint, Natasha, and Bucky. Sam, Bruce, you stay here with Tony.”
Rogers watched him intently, then took a sip of his drink. “Business, mostly.”
Tony swallowed. “A year, I think. If I can, I’ll visit before then.”
, Steve. Thank you for saving me.”
“Yeah,” Steve smiled, the simple movement lighting up his entire face, and Tony’s chest warmed at the sight. “Together.”
You didn’t have to be his best friend to see that Steve loved Tony, but you did if you wanted to understand the
And so he did.
Tomorrow would be busy, with Tony and his friends being interrogated by the police about what happened (Clint had gone over the crime scene with a fine-toothed comb and confirmed that there was absolutely no evidence that the Avengers were involved), lawyers and reporters wanting to talk to Tony about his new role at Stark Industries (they already hired a lawyer they could trust in the future proceedings, Matt Murdock), and discussing the two new teenagers they all suddenly had in their lives.
He did, jesus fucking christ Tony wanted everything Rogers was offering.
“Oh, I like you.” She decided, coming over and joining him on the bed, her back against the wall and shoulder touching Tony’s. “I’m going to keep you.”
When Tony slipped through the door after an incredibly long and mind blowingly
Bruce had already headed back inside to grab his bag, but paused as he lifted the strap to his shoulder. “Excuse me? Steve ordered you to make sure all of the victims were taken to the ambulances. They should be at a hospital!”
Steve’s jaw dropped to the floor.
A frown tugged at the corner of Tony’s lips. “I get the feeling that you didn’t exactly roll over like a good little scientist.”
Rogers’ hand snapped towards him, sinking across the back of his neck with a vice grip and spinning Tony around so that their lips were a breath apart. Tony’s muscles seized at the incredible show of dominance, and he instantly dropped his gaze. Rogers pressed Tony closer so that his throbbing cock rubbed against Tony’s softening one, causing him to groan at the oversensitivity.
!” He cried, words choked off as he remembered their last encounter.
Tony leaned back in his chair and tapped a finger against the file in front of him. He met Steve’s eyes and held his gaze. “It means that you’ll be stopping a major player in human trafficking. It means you’ll dismantle their operation, and save all of the victims and return them to their families. It means you’ll be doing what the Avengers do best.”
At midnight, Tony was bored. He spun around in his chair, seeing how long he could balance a pencil between his lips and nose. Too bad he’ll never know the answer to that question, because Bruce smacked him upside the head after ten seconds.
Bruce touched his glasses anxiously and shook his head. “Not at the moment, no. But I’m sure Steve will be able to explain when he gets home.”
They both sighed and confirmed together, “Chloroform.”
years now, and he’s never seen the man so wrung out as he was in the past week.
So Tony told her about their two chance meetings, about Steve’s broad shoulders, his thin waist, what Tony guessed he looked like underneath those layers of clothing. “I’m not joking here, Pep. I honest to God believe that he’s got abs of steel. Ones that I wouldn’t hesitate licking this ice cream here off of.”
After ten minutes of silence, Rogers moved his gaze from the window back to Tony. “An associate of mine owns a home off the coast of Sicily that I might like to take you to one day. You can see Mt. Etna, also known as Mongibello, from the city. Legend says that Zeus used to hide Typhon there-a monster of 100 heads, and that it’s still trying to escape.”
“Thanks, Buck.”
his family, and we aren’t going to hold his past behind him, you hear me? Now, I want you to give me a list of people who would want to hurt Tony Stark, and I want you to do it now!”
. They all followed, and Bucky shut the door behind them. “Someone’s been stalking Tony. He told me that he could feel someone watching him while we were in bed together this morning.”
The last thing Tony needed right now was someone looking down on him thinking he was some kind of charity case. He got enough shit from his father and Obie to last a lifetime, he didn’t want to hear it from Big, Blonde, and Beautiful either. Tony silently stuffed the rest of the provided breakfast into his mouth, washing it down with the last of his coffee. He carefully placed the second muffin into his bag and wiped his hands on his jeans again. He stood up slowly, seeing that Steve was frowning at him. “I really appreciate you paying for my coffee. And for breakfast.” He hitched his bag’s strap over his shoulder, trying to keep his expression neutral. “I have to get to class.”
Happy Monday :) I hope you enjoyed the mid-week update, because it probably won't happen again until I'm finished writing. It's coming along though!
Judging by the digital clock inside of the black Porsche Macan, they’d been in the car for about an hour and a half so far. Tony had been trying to figure out their location by the scenery, but he’d really only been able to confirm that they were indeed in the Northeastern portion of the United States as Clint said. The sun was powerful in the summer sky, beating harsh rays of sunlight over the forests of maple trees separated by rippling bodies of water. Rogers took up the space next to Tony while Clint sat up front with the driver, a man Rogers introduced as Sam, otherwise known as Falcon.
Steve’s brow furrowed, “This is my friend, Thor. Did you see anything?”
And then probably jerk off to the memories of Rogers’ body pressed so completely against his own. But that was beside the point.
Revenge missions always tasted a little sweeter than the normal rings he was used to bringing down. Zemo had been warned, and he went on and did everything wrong anyway. Steve wanted to know if his target would be surprised to see him and Bucky, or if he was prepared to face death. Either way, he would know in about two minutes.
His friends had all come to visit in shifts, bringing him food and coffee. Tony’s friends, Pepper Potts and James Rhodes came to visit as well. Steve was well acquainted with Pepper, and had only met Rhodes twice, but he was pleased that they were there for him. They believed the same story he had told the police, that the Avengers had raided a Hydra base to find Tony, and they delivered him to Steve. Rhodes might have been suspicious, but he and Pepper were too focused on Tony’s recovery to put much thought into it.
“He joined the air force, Tony.”
Steve. “Of course not, love.” He promises, “I’m right here.”
out of here!”
“I think you’re turning into a sap, Barnes.” Tony joked, trying to lighten the mood. He carefully got to work on Bucky’s arm, loosening the screws to take a peek inside the plate.
After a few silent beats, Steve dropped to his knees, reaching out to lightly grip Tony’s downturned chin and turn it towards his own face. “Tony. Sweetheart. Do you trust me?”
He glanced down at the clock and swore lightly. He began to stand, pulling Tony up with him. “I need to get you home before curfew,” he teased, “I don’t want Pepper to keep you from our next date.”
Tony scoffed, unperturbed. “Steve would never let you do that.”
Tony clutched his chest In faux disbelief. “And here I thought that the love of my life would back me up under
great. It took approximately ten minutes and thirty-three seconds into their date for Steve to realize that spending time with Tony had quickly become one of his favorite things in the world. Once they moved past the shy, awkward tension of the “first date,” Tony completely opened up. He was brilliantly animated when talking about his life, describing his current projects, what he had his students working on in class, all about his friends Pepper Potts and James Rhodes. Steve filed away every bit of information Tony divulged, along with the tells that he didn’t speak aloud. Like the fact that he liked pepperoni and sausage on his pizza, and picked off the olives. When he was cold, the shiver started in his chest and spread outward, causing him to stuff his hands into his pockets until Steve removed his own coat and put it around his shoulders. His laugh was bright and open, reminding him of the bells Christmas Carollers lugged around. The fact that Tony’s eyes matched the hot chocolate he was currently sipping on.
?” Clint mused as he adjusted his bowstring. “You all set for tomorrow morning? Ready to change the world?”
,” Thor called out to him, but Tony felt like he was underwater. Sounds were distorted, and he felt like he was about to sink down onto the sidewalk. Thor shook him lightly, and tapped his index finger against Tony’s chin to force his gaze to his own. “I need you to
Rogers was in his bed. Rogers was in his bed without a shirt on, his tanned, gloriously muscled chest on display for the world to see.
Steve could stay for him.
“Me too! I don’t see any problem with this.” Tony bit his bottom lip and willed for Rhodey to see reason.
His boyfriend collapsed into the seat behind him and cradled his face in his hands. “Tony, I can’t live with the idea that whoever was behind your kidnapping might strike again the moment I leave you alone. If something happens to you…”
“What kind of story?”
Tony’s answering moan sent shockwaves of gooseflesh down Steve’s arms, and he instinctively snaked his hands down and around to Tony’s ass and spread his fingers wide to massage his cheeks through his jeans. Tony bucked against him and flung his arms over Steve’s shoulders and crawled upwards so that he could lock his legs around Steve’s waist and grind down. The friction was so damn good, but not nearly enough.
“Sarah, my name is Steve. Thank you for looking after my friend until we could get here. We’re going to get him taken care of, alright?”
But...what if they weren’t? What if they came after him again, but this time it was for revenge? What if whoever sent them decided they wanted to finish the job off themselves? What if...what if…
The moment they entered the Hydra base, every ounce of anger and devastation that had built up inside of him since Tony had been taken unloaded like a flood. He didn’t even blink as he led the massacre. And then they advanced on the workshop, and Steve watched von Strucker strike his fist across Tony’s face.
He looked over to see Bucky smirking knowingly at him. “I bet Tony would love to hear your “Captain” voice."
, but he was on his own for everything else. Tony had begged the dean of engineering to let him teach one of the undergrad classes, throwing out the fact that his last name on the administration list and his continued work for the department would look great for the University. The only catch was that between teaching the class, his actual degree course load, and his various projects strewn across his lab at the university and random places throughout his apartment, there wasn’t any time to pick up another job.
Tony Stark has always been exceptionally bright. The completely functioning circuit board he built with his own two hands from an old computer his father threw out, along with the epoxy resin and bonded copper foil he nicked from an SI construction site during a routine visit, at only four years old was a testament to that. His intelligence in regards to machinery, mathematics, really
that I was gay, ya know? It gave him another reason for cutting me off. I honestly don't know if there is anything else he could do at this point.”
When he spoke, Steve was surprised at how even his voice sounded. At least now he would finally have an outlet for his unrelenting anger. “What else do we have?”
“Stevie?”
The coffee had thankfully gotten him through class, allowing him to actually explain to his students why their work was shit, rather than just leaving them to figure it out for themselves. He checked his watch as they started packing up to leave, counting down the hours until his paycheck would hit his account.
Sam moved through the cover of night without a sound. As he approached the warehouse, two armed guards stood outside, looking perilously bored as they traded bits and pieces of conversation. Sam flashed a hand signal up in the air, and Clint gave a curt nod in understanding from atop the adjacent building.
He might have lost about 90% of his shame early on, but the kind of intimacy that set the tone during the bath Steve gave him was something he’s never experienced before. In a way, it was another outward expression of love. Steve was good at those. Tony on the other hand? Not so much. Tony wanted to fight and crawl up to his same level, to help Steve understand that Tony loved him as fiercely as Steve did him.
“What did you find?” She demanded, heartbeat ticking up a few notches for the first time all evening.
Bucky frowned again, leaning forward with his elbows resting on his knees. “Since when do you keep secrets, Stevie?”
you?” Tony’s eyes widened in realization. “So the run in at the store…”
By the time Steve and Bucky pulled up to the curb near the engineering building with a piercing screech, they could see a huddle of people formed right along the steps. The two Avengers grimaced to each other, knowing that whatever had drawn a crowd couldn’t be good news. Steve’s footsteps pounded against the pavement, and the students parted for them quickly with wide, nervous eyes.
“Why does that interest me?” Steve asked, not wanting to be bothered with low level mules right now.
?” His voice mounted higher and higher as he spit out every question.
Steve examined him out of the corner of his eye, admiring how the shadows of the setting sun danced across his face. “I wanted to. Gives me an excuse to spend a little bit more time with you.”
Sam and Bruce were required to stay overnight for observation, so Steve ordered the rest of the Avengers back to the warehouse. It was just as well that his two teammates couldn’t join them. That, and the fact that they had suffered some serious injuries in that car crash were the only things keeping him from strangling them both.
“I...literally have no idea what to say to that, Thor buddy.” Tony blinked, sluggish and intrigued all at once. “I’m glad your brother isn’t on acid anymore, but shouldn’t you be home? I’m safe now, and it sounds like you’ve got a lot of shit to deal with.”
Steve sighed, unhappy that he wasn’t able to keep this to himself for just a few more hours. “Fine, you vultures, yes. I have a date. No, I don’t want to talk about it, and no, Clint, you can’t stop watching him. Not yet, anyway.”
Tony’s arms snaked around Steve’s neck and held him tight, fingers slotting themselves between Steve’s fine blonde hair. “I love you.” Without pausing to take a breath to think about what he was saying, he continued. “Dammit,
Tony tried to take in his surroundings, but it was hard to focus on anything that wasn’t the man in front of him, the harsh pain in his chest, and that damn light. Why couldn’t they just turn it down or something? “How...” He tried in between harsh breaths. “How do you know my name?”
“Steve-” Bruce tried interrupting, but the man in question shook his head. Bucky could tell that all Steve wanted to do was get through this as quickly as possible. It had been a long ass night for all of them, and it would be a while before anyone could get some sleep.
Steve almost felt sorry for Stane, given what was coming to him.
Steve didn’t even hesitate to blurt out, “Yes!”
“Tell the man the damn truth, Tones. You’ll be fine. He still likes you after all this time, right? I can’t imagine that your family history will be that much of a red flag.”
The grey suit was laid out on the bed, and Tony deliberated for a few moments before deciding to shuck the jacket. He slipped on tailored slacks over a pair of black boxers, then shimmied into the white button up and grey matching vest. It had a lovely maroon pattern etched into the stitching, so he completed the ensemble with a maroon tie.
Just as the barista opened her mouth to tell him off, a deep voice sounded behind him. “Get him the large with two shots of espresso.”
Tony swallowed again and rubbed at his face with the palms of his hand. “Okay, it should only take about two hours. Tell him to meet me outside, okay?”
, saving me in the process.”
“Tony, go back to the house.” The scientist complained with a groan. “The bar won’t even close for another three hours, and you’ve done all that you can do. I’ve got it from here.”
When he first asked Clint to follow Tony, the archer had thought he was a potential target. Steve had practically snarled at the man, ordering him to stand down under any and all circumstances. Clint then threw up his hands placatingly, cocking an interested eyebrow. “New recruit, then?”
Zemo sputtered. “None! Are you
A bubble of laughter escaped his throat, and he was pleased when the movement didn’t hurt as bad as he expected. “Honestly, I’m not even sure I would have objected all that much. Have you
Steve’s brow disappeared behind his perfectly cropped hair. “That’s very impressive, Tony.” He leaned forward, taking a bite of his pumpkin bread and keeping his eyes on the smaller man. “If you don’t mind my asking, how old are you?”
The Captain nodded towards the Soldier, who grunted in agreement and drew out the glock from his waist, disposing of the men on either side of Zemo. Their target screamed as his associates’ blood painted his face. The Captain crouched down, his hulking mass hovering dangerously above the cowering man, and ripped off his cowl. “Because I gave you a warning twelve years ago, and you chose not to heed it.”
Tony just scoffed fondly and held up a medium-sized metal package and placed it in front of Sam. “I got the idea for your new suit from an experimental design my father’s company tried out for the Air National Guard. He couldn’t ever get it to work, and freaked the fuck out when I tried getting my hands on it. It’s a jetpack along with a suit that has wings made out of carbon fiber. It made the rigidity flexibility ratio possible, and you’ll actually be able to fly with them on after a little practice.”
, right? He’s been to the lab with me about a million times, so we know that’s safe. Come on, shove Sam awake and help me not fail out of school? Please?”
She let him lean his head against her shoulder as she thought about it. “Sure, but only because you’re basically one of us now.”
“Fine…” Tony turned on his side to watch Dum-E and U play tug-of-war with a dog’s rope he got from the grocery store. “I just, I don’t know. I have this feeling like...someone’s watching me, or something.”
It was Tony’s time to blink back in confusion.
He didn’t bother giving a response, choosing instead to turn on his heel and head back up the steps of the deck. Tony heard Clint on his heels, though the blonde didn’t say anything until they reached the top of the spiral staircase.
That earned him a snort, “From what Steve tells us about you, that would be next to impossible.”
“Thirty second timer.” He explained as he coughed up blood. “Steve,” he pleaded, focusing on his boyfriend’s crystal blue eyes.
Enjoy!
He could feel the heat of Tony’s gaze, knowing the younger man was watching his face for any sort of reaction. In truth, Steve
Stevie reached up and tore off his cowl, causing everyone’s eyes to widen in blatant surprise. Bucky himself had drawn up, raising his hands outwards. “Uh, Cap, what the hell are you doing?”
from your body. I’ll make sure your eyes are open so you know exactly what fate you’ve brought upon yourself.” A harsh chuckle escaped Steve’s throat, and he made sure Zemo could see the wild look in his eye. “I don’t give a damn what happens to me. So if I go down for putting your ass in the ground, so be it. So stay away from the dames, or we’ll be back.”
“I never got to say goodbye to my father. There’s questions I would’ve asked him. I would’ve asked him how he felt about what his company did, if he was conflicted, if he ever had doubts. Personally, I knew my father wasn’t the man everyone else remembered him as from the newsreels, but I have to believe that he couldn’t have known what his closest friend had done. During the war on Hydra here in New York years ago, I saw innocent young Americans threatened by the very weapons I created to defend and protect them. I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero-accountability, so I got out. I had my eyes opened, and I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries, and putting all resources from that division into the new branch of Clean Energy.”
“You’re so beautiful, Tony,” Rogers praised, sending ripples of pleasure dancing across Tony’s nerve endings. Yes, that’s what he needed. “Take what you need, anything you want.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Happy Monday!! I just wanted to say thank you all for reading/giving kudos/commenting on this story, it's been really encouraging and it definitely gives me the motivation to keep chugging along :)
he felt it was important for him to eat. And he had no idea where the hell this sudden surge of protectiveness came from either. Steve barely knew anything about this man, besides his first name and the fact that he was obviously struggling.
of this.”
word about Steve being a pain in your ass, I will fly back to Boston and dump you into a cold shower.”
The Maximoff twins were good kids with good hearts, and the Avengers would need to deliberate on how they could potentially fit into their growing team. Tony now had more money than god, and a platform for which he could sponsor two kids from a foreign country to go to school and work in America. Only two things were clear though, Wanda and Pietro would not be forced to go home to Sokovia, and they would never, ever find themselves in another situation like with Zemo. They were under the protection of the Avengers now.
Bruce raised an eyebrow, clearly not impressed. “If you have a point, Tony, I suggest you get to it.”
“Steve, this is JARVIS, my AI, or artificial intelligence. I named him after Edwin Jarvis.”
He nodded against her shoulder, eyes not quite focusing on anything around the room as she spoke. Rhodey was his person.
By the time he reached the make-shift conference room at the warehouse, his entire team had settled into their seats. Steve always sat at the head of the table, with Bucky to his right and Sam to his left, but Sam had been kind enough to allow Tony to fill that space now. Steve had to fight the flush of pride and sense of absolute
(08/02 story clean ups)
Tony was struggling. It hurt to breathe, it hurt to move, and it was getting harder and harder to stay awake. But the bomb was ready. Tony did what upper-society taught him to do, emotionally manipulate the people around you into giving you attention. By the time he described the weapon to Monocle Man, the german scientist was frothing at the mouth, demanding his soldiers left and right to contact their superiors for a live demonstration. Tony was meant to describe the bomb in acute detail, explaining why his design was far better than anything SI could ever hope to build.
. He was coming for him.
Steve brought him food and coffee when he refused to resurface from his lab at MIT, intent on finishing off his final project. He threw Tony over his shoulder when he drank too much, and gave him water and advil before bed so his hangover wouldn’t be so bad in the morning. When Tony would attempt to climb him like a goddamn tree, because-
Tony wasn’t sure how it happened, but he was furious, terrified, and turned on all at the same time. Rogers had absolute control over him, reminding Tony of this fact in sudden bouts of strength, but had yet to actually touch him.
Bruce chuckled under his breath and rubbed at his eyes underneath his glasses. “You’ve already done all of that. And triple checked your work. Go home and get some rest.” He implored with a fond smile. “Tomorrow is a big day. We can celebrate when everyone is home.”
“You have me. Always.”
Tony didn’t even hesitate to respond. “Yes,” he answered earnestly. “I don’t want to see, or talk to my mother.” The bitterness in his tone didn’t go unnoticed, if the questioning look Bucky gave him was any indication.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pepper laughed, a clear, beautiful sound that Tony always loved. “And what the hell just happened?
Things started clicking in his mind. “
Steve blinked and cocked his head. “What? Why would think you did anything wrong?”
“Just like that?”
The commotion died down as the shield returned to his gloved grip, and he slotted it into the holder on his back. Only three men remained, backed into a corner and shaking like the rats they were. The one in the middle, dark hair peppered with grey, and familiar scars hidden by sparse facial hair, examined the bodies strewn out in front of him.
Steve almost asked who the hell Tony was talking to, but was interrupted by a computerized voice with a british accent.
Steve jerked up, relishing in the feeling of finally,
When he opened them again, Tony’s caramel brown eyes were staring right back into his. The haze of confusion passed before it was replaced by a glimmer of delight. “You have me, Captain. Always.”
He shrugged. “I’m doing fine. Just dandy, actually. I’m more worried about Mr. Badass over here.”
A month later, Steve sat at the large mahogany desk in his office at the warehouse. He’d gotten used to the rock music Tony blasted while he was working, and it actually became a sort of anxiety reliever for him. The music meant that Tony was nearby, happy, and safe. Well, as safe as he could be with the materials he was working with. The others knew better than to complain at this point, and every now and then they would collectively sing along when Highway to Hell burst through the speakers.
And he did.
To his surprise, The Captain leaned down, cupped his hands around the back of Tony’s head, and pressed their lips together. A rumble of pleasure escaped his throat, and he moved to the side to whisper in Tony’s ear, warm breath tickling against his skin.
for messing with me!” He shouted in frustration and brought his fist down onto the table, making it vibrate against Tony’s bound legs.
He and Sam sweated through a particularly painful workout before Clint, Bruce, and Nat had rendevoued at the house. His russian girlfriend was still pissed at him, a fact that was communicated by her pointedly sitting next to the archer rather than him. He would deal with her later, or more likely, she would deal with him later, after they had something to eat. Turns out there were a few boxes of leftover pizza, so they all settled in to watch Return of the Jedi while they waited for Steve to get back from Tony’s. Steve was
As promised, the morphine had run out by the time he had woken up again. Agonizing wasn’t a powerful enough word to describe the pain Tony was in. Every breath and every movement was labored. All he wanted to do was curl up on the hospital bed they had strapped him to and sleep, but they weren’t giving him that option. With the threat of the bomb looming over his head, they thrust Tony into a makeshift workshop with a list of SI weapons they demanded to be made.
Things got better when they moved to Boston. The weight of responsibility and intensity seemed to be lifted off of Steve’s shoulders, and he was content in spending his days at class and his nights watching movies, going to bars, and eating pizza on the couch with Bucky.
Natasha sighed, resting her own head atop of Tony’s. “I thought that was going to be it, the end of the line. But he asked us to explain ourselves, gave us a chance, and when we gave him a bullshit answer at first, he shot Clint right in the thigh. Straight through my hip”
The man “tsk’ed” at him. “That boyfriend of yours is quite protective over you. Wouldn’t leave you alone. We had to wait until he wasn’t around to make our move. It was difficult getting around him.”
Bucky growled to his right, the whirring in his metal arm louder than normal. “He’s the CEO of Stark Industries. We’ve been looking for proof of someone in SI’s inner circle double dealing with terrorists, and here it is.”
All of a sudden, Stane’s scowl curled upwards into a smirk, and it sent chills down his spine. “Ah, right,
Steve had never been more thankful for his genius.
“You’re all set.” He confirmed, closing the iPad case.
He blinked, suddenly clear-headed for the first time since seeing his father and Obie. “I-you’re right. I need to get my head in the game.” Oh god, now he was quoting High School Musical? How much did that sudden meeting fuck him up?
Tony shrugged, “I don’t have a car, I don’t live too far from here, though.”
Tony mulled it over for a few long seconds. “How did he save you?”
“We need weapons, Mr. Stark. Our...
Monocle Man rushed to his side, grabbing Tony by the blood soaked hoodie and thrust him upwards. “The bomb! The bomb! How do you use it?”
Just as he opened his mouth to argue the point, Rogers continued speaking. “I own a few companies,” he explained. “Hotels, clubs, restaurants. Think of it in terms of Carbonell Energy, as it’s similar to a corporation, and I’m the CEO. The whole is part of a bigger operation, but the details are useless...and dangerous.”
Howard Stark’s grip on his shoulder was borderline painful, and years of classical conditioning told him that if he struggled to get out of it, it would only hurt worse. “What the hell are you doing here?” He would have been proud of himself for keeping his voice steady if he weren’t so goddamn terrified.
He let that information sink in, nibbling on the food while Natasha and Sam talked amongst themselves. Once he successfully cleared his plate, Sam took the tray and exchanged it for coffee, which Tony eagerly lapped up. They asked about his interests, his school, his friends, like they actually
That earned him some shy eye contact and an amused chuckle. “Repulser blasters?”
Turns out, Tony didn’t have to actually tell Steve anything. He must have been just as desperate as Tony, because the moment he walked in through the threshold after coming home from dinner, Steve had him pinned up against the door and was licking his way into Tony’s mouth.
“All you have to do is ask, Tony. You’re going to be so good for me, I know it. Look how beautiful you are now. Come, Tony, I want to see you, give it to me. Come.”
*hides under the table with a half-finished bottle of wine*
“How about you focus on something else until you figure it out, huh?” He suggested. Bucky reached into his pocket, pulling out Tony’s phone before tossing it onto the couch. “You told me to hold onto that.”
Steve let the show run on for about five minutes before he spoke up in his Captain’s voice.
But that didn’t explain why was Tony even
“Alright, if you say so...I’ll have him ready. But I want you to call and tell me who and when will be picking him up, okay? I don’t want to take any chances, especially with Hammer sniffing around.”
thanks to a name change back in 1955, men.
Bucky glanced at the clock then back at Steve, who was bringing out his laptop at the front of the table for the debriefing. “Hey, Stevie, don’t forget to text your boy-toy. He’s probably on his way to campus by now.”
The guttural moan Steve let out had Tony trembling in his arms, hands clawing desperately at his back. When they reached the bed, Steve unlatched from Tony for only a few moments to reach up and pull Tony’s sweater off of him before moving to make quick work of his pants. Thankfully, Steve didn’t seem to be in any mood for a tease, because he stripped just as quickly. The moment skin met skin, they both hissed in heated pleasure.
And that same instinct was now practically flooding his ears as it screamed at him to run after Tony. It screamed ‘
If he let himself try to go along with Rogers’ deal, if he didn’t fight him at every turn, what was the endgame here? Would he simply live in this compound? Building and creating his designs in the workshop while Rogers did God knows what?
. One of the brightest minds of their time, and the best weapons designer in the entire fucking world. Sure, his pops was in charge, but an SI bomb had taken Bucky’s arm in a Hydra base, so he took it upon himself to learn everything about that business inside and out. Including who was the real brains behind SI’s most dangerous weapons. Turns out, Tony designed the damn thing when he was only twelve years old. Then one day he goes off to college and poof, he just happens to disappear.
. Wait for me.”
He took the basket when it was obvious Tony was struggling with the weight, but didn’t offer to pay for the groceries when they reached the register. The flush of embarrassment painted across his cheeks was enough to tell Steve that his generosity wouldn’t be appreciated here. Instead, he just carried Tony’s bags to the backseat of his truck, politely ignoring the younger man’s childlike inspection of the vehicle.
Steve turned his bright, crystal blue eyes on him, and Tony relaxed at the sight of them. No one had ever looked at him like that before. With so much...love.
He couldn’t fight the smile that danced across his lips. His new friends might be assassins and murderers, but they were supportive as fuck. “Yeah, JARVIS is ready to blow their fucking minds. Hope you’re prepared to start having him in your ear on the next mission.”
And then the door burst open behind them, and Tony couldn’t see what was happening, but he could hear it.
While Steve was still building up his body before enlisting, Susan from three doors down had knocked furiously at the door of the apartment he and Bucky shared. They let her in with wide eyes, and she tugged Lucy, her best friend, in with her and collapsed on the couch. Turns out, Zemo took his harassment a step further when Lucy rejected him. He forced her down and took what he wanted without any regard for her comfort or safety. The police didn’t care enough to do anything about it, had practically blamed her for being so
“You took something of mine. That was your mistake.” Steve was commanding and authoritative, and Tony recognized his tone from a few days ago when he insisted Tony needed protection. Fuck. This must have been what he was going to explain.
“Stark, I swear to god, if you screw with our toaster any more, that damn thing is going to become
“Anthony Edward Stark, you put me down right now!”
Tony flashed a pleased grin in his direction and paced in front of the bay door of the warehouse, the warm spring night air doing little to calm his mounting nerves. He flipped through his list of supplies and materials the Avengers would need on their mission, the team calling out an affirmative to each question. They looked dangerous, sexy, and enigmatic in their new stealth suits, and he was sure that the moment their masks covered their faces the Avengers would have a whole new reputation. Onlookers would still be able to recognize the group due to Steve’s shield, practically a national icon identifying him as one of the most powerful mafia bosses in the country, but now it would be impossible for the police or any enemies to single any one of them out.
A nursing student was on her knees checking the pulse of an unconscious-
Thanks to my beta @MugiwaraLexi!
“Pep. Pepper-Pot. Love of my life.”
Natasha thought for a moment, then tilted her head towards the alley. “This one, I suppose. Two of the victims, Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, twin sixteen year olds, are here illegally. They refused to go to the hospital because once the police questioned them, they would be deported back to Sokovia. Apparently their home life isn’t much better than what they’ve experienced here.” She closed her eyes for a moment before continuing. “Clint and Sam didn’t want to compromise the Avengers, so they brought the kids here and Bruce is looking after them now. Everyone has a mask on in case they later need to identify us.”
And then it all came back to him. Tony telling Steve the truth about his name, their night together, Steve’s strange behavior the next morning, the car…
“Well, nobody…” Bucky frowned. “But, it’s not like we can do this forever, right?”
“When you address me in public, You’ll need to use the title of ‘Captain,’ or perhaps ‘Cap,’ as Peter and Clint seem to enjoy. You cannot, under any circumstances, use my name.”
Steve swallowed, and watched Tony’s eyes follow the movement. The atmosphere suddenly switched from fun and lighthearted to...
It had been a work of beautiful, sweet revenge.
Harley’s brow flew into his hair. “I didn’t know you were law enforcement.”
Tony wormed his way out of Steve’s grasp and went to stand by the door, careful not to let himself get caught up in lust, he had shit to do today. “Well, he does, and he’s very excited to meet you. Now come on!”
I hoped you enjoyed this chapter! Any Kudos/Comments are always appreciated.
It was Thor. He was breathing, thank fuck, but a trickle of blood was matted into his hair.
Steve sighed, running a hand through his hair back at their home base, lazily staring out of the discolored window pane. “I can’t be sure yet, Hawkeye. Mark down the address and head back for now.”
“Tony,
“Tony,” Steve called gently, the mattress dipping next to him on the bed as he sat down and cradled the back of Tony’s neck with his hand. The touch calmed him immediately, but it didn’t stop the harsh breathing pattern that had started to act up. “They’re okay, I promise. Both were released from the hospital before we found you.” He helped Tony leaned back against the wall with a mountain of pillows, and offered him two pills and the water.
Steve shook his head fondly, testing the water to make sure it was warm enough and grabbing a towel and washcloth to set next to the tub. “Actually sweetheart, once your feeling better, you’ll be the one begging for me. Not the other way around.” He raised a coy brow at his boyfriend and reached for Tony’s shirt. “Now hands up.”
Tony slapped it away, hissing through his teeth. “Welcome back,
Thank you all for reading/following this story. Just a few more chapters to go!
“Sam makes the best omelettes,” Natahsa supplied, and Tony nodded.
107th in large black gothic font stood out along his left pec, with the background of an army helicopter. The tip of one of the blades hooked into another tattoo on his shoulder, a black mass of wings. Tony swallowed past a sudden lump in his throat and crawled away from Rogers. He didn’t know if the tattoos meant that his kidnapper had been in the army, or if someone he loved was. If he already had his life planned out for him, always knowing that he would take over as the Captain of the Howling Commandos, why would Rogers have left to join up?
Bruce pushed his way through them and pulled out a small flashlight to check Steve’s eyes, worried that he might have hit his head during the raid against Zemo. He waved the scientist away and straightened with a harsh breath. “Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane were on MIT’s campus. Thor said that Tony’s okay, that he’s inside the Engineering building right now. I
His (utterly hot) mountain of a boyfriend practically took up the entire couch when he laid out his arms along the back, so Tony made himself comfortable on the armrest in case Steve wanted to punch him after this.
Stane rapped his knuckles against the heavy metal, the sound reverberating around the small, darkened room. “I know you know who they are, and I want names.”
And then he cut off Baron Zemo’s head.
“Else what?” The older man asked, almost bored. Bored!
It was their first date, and Steve never wanted to take his hands off of him. But that was the problem, wasn’t it?
light. He was too innocent to be mixed up with Steve’s gang. His business was dirty, and he wanted to keep Tony as clean as possible.
He sounded so damn earnest, Tony couldn’t find it in him to keep up his mini tantrum. He shook his head and felt the corners of his lips twitch upwards. “I love you too, Steve.” Tony then narrowed his eyes and considered Steve with a sharp gaze. “But I was serious before. You’re not my keeper, and I won’t have your little Captain persona showing up to give me biased orders. You don’t own me.”
Quicker than he could comprehend, a large hand snaked across Tony’s waist and hauled him back towards Steve’s chest before lifting the comforter so that it was covering them both. Tony squirmed a little, but to no avail. There was no escaping his boyfriend’s grip, which was incredibly hot and he filed that information away for later, but the mood had soured. “Steve, forget it. I’m just being paranoid.”
what I do best, Barnes, and I can make it stop hurting.”
, and then they just disappeared!”
Once he was alone, Tony sighed and took the two pills waiting for him on the bedside table then washed it down with the water Steve left. He still ached, but the pain wasn’t as sharp this morning, and Tony felt pretty good about his chances of walking around without any help.
Tony groaned incoherently as the skinny metal arm poked and prodded at his side. He blinked awake, shooing away his bot’s claw. “Sleepin’, Dum-E.”
The mob boss pursed his lips and tilted his head, cerulean blue eyes tinged with a hint of sadness. “I’m not the monster you think I am, Tony.”
“Clint?”
He raised an eyebrow at that, and fought off an incredulous scoff. “Help you?”
At that, the rest of the Avengers stood to their feet and surrounded him, adding in their praise. Tony stood there awkwardly with a fierce blush across his cheeks, but his new friends didn’t let up on their gratitude. Steve reached an arm around his shoulders and pulled Tony flush against his side to whisper into his ear, his warm breath mingling against Tony’s hair. “I’m thinking you’re finally healed up, don’t you?”
The older man’s face twisted into a handsome smirk, and he leaned back in his chair, kicking his feet up onto the bed. “Damn straight I was. Cap didn’t even know what he was missing ‘til I showed up.”
Bucky smirked widely at him from the recliner, tipping his beer in Steve’s direction. “Tony all settled in?”
But all of that could wait until tomorrow.
Steve snorted and crossed his arms over his chest. “Yes, Tony, I’m ready. Now show me!”
Thankfully, Tony’s eyes snapped open at the powerful command. They frantically scanned the darkened room in pure, unadulterated terror until they finally focused on Steve. Like a switch, his body fell limp as soon as he registered that he was safe, and Steve maneuvered his way around so that Tony was curled up against his side, clutching onto his shirt.
“Fuck.”
Staring back at him was a shot of the driver of the truck that crashed into Bruce’s car from a witness’ camera. A Hydra tattoo was glaringly visible from a spot near the back of his neck.
“I’d fight to the last tooth and nail with her, but I have the feeling that I would have better luck just trying to climb down the fire escape.”
Tony didn’t quite see it that way, though. Steve could tell by the haunted shadow in his eyes that Tony wouldn’t be moving past this anytime soon. He felt personally responsible for all of those lives that had been in danger, despite the fact that they were safe now. Later that night, his boyfriend curled around Steve’s hand on the bed, tears leaving salty tracks down his cheeks, admitting that it was
“Your students?” Steve asked, obviously interested.
It’s not like he’d never thought about it before, retiring. Finishing his art degree and working on actual projects and commissions. Maybe even opening a gallery one day to sell his paintings. Now that Tony was in his life, his fantasy life had expanded. Rather than sitting out by the Bay with a canvas and his supplies by himself, Steve pictured Tony beside him. They would be resting on a picnic blanket with a cooler full of white wine and sandwiches, taking a break from painting and whatever life-changing device Tony was sure to be working on. They would leave behind the gore and stress of the Avengers, the heartache and disappointment of SI. Steve and Tony would have nobody to look out for except each other, and they could spend their days making love, traveling the world, and maybe even look into starting a family one day.
“Do you think Coulson and his agent friends are looking into my kidnapping? I know that Fury guy questioned me, but I haven’t heard anything since then. Would they have any leads on who at SI told Hydra to go after me?”
“Buck, I’m going to need your help up here.”
When Tony stiffened, Steve’s brow furrowed as he stepped away, immediately putting his hands to his side. “What? Did I do something wrong?”
...can you say, nightclub scene?
Under the cover of night, the backyard was even more stunning with hanging lights engulfing every tree and surrounding the deck of the compound. A long table filled to the brim with delicious looking food and lit candles stood next to the pool. Rogers was already seated with one elbow on the arm of his chair, bright eyes following Tony’s every move. He was in his same black outfit from earlier, the top of his collared shirt still popped open from Tony’s teasing in the dressing room.
And would you look at that? Anger dissipated. He gave her an easy smile and shook it. “I’m Steve. It’s nice to meet you.”
His grin grew. “Perfect. How about I pick you up tomorrow night for dinner? Say..seven?”
Bucky swore loudly and pulled out his phone to call Bruce while Steve knelt down beside the girl. “This is my friend, did you see what happened?” He asked as calmly as he dared. All he really wanted to do was grab each one of these kids by their scrawny necks and demand that they tell him everything, but that kind of thinking wasn’t going to help Thor, and it certainly wasn’t going to help him find Tony.
“Hey, you just ragged on me for saying the same damn thing!” Clint protested, and Sam slapped him across the head again just for the sake of it.
It had been three days since Tony had been taken.
Bruce gave Tony a soft smile and fiddled with the USB drive. “Thanks Tony. I’m excited to be working with you on Avengers missions.”
His ‘host’ didn’t seem to appreciate the implication that he’d off his chef for such a silly matter, but Tony wasn’t about to let himself feel guilty for the quip. If Rogers wanted Tony around, then he was going to have to get used to his sense of humor.
Steve’s hands hovered over it reverently, and he didn’t seem to be able to form words.
Anyway, enjoy :)
Oh sweet lord, he hoped so. Steve had come to mean
Tony sighed and nodded, suddenly exhausted. Steve moved closer, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and pulling him squarely into his lap so that they were chest to chest and Tony’s legs bracketed Steve’s hips. He cupped the younger man’s face between his big hands and pressed a deep, long, lingering kiss there before pulling back and resting their foreheads together. Tony breathed in Steve’s sweet, soft pants.
Steve heaved one more time, emptying the contents of his stomach, and wiped his mouth on his sleeve. “They were on
“Till the end of the line, Buck.” Steve agreed, and took the offered hand, gripping it tight.
Tony was suddenly very aware of a mammoth presence behind him, and he automatically stiffened, keeping his eyes forward. “Throw in two blueberry muffins, a piece of pumpkin bread, and a large latte as well.” The man’s voice didn’t leave any room to argue, so the barista nodded warily and put in the order. A large hand reached around his shoulder and dropped a twenty onto the counter, and Tony wasn’t able to keep from flinching away as the open hand neared his face when it pulled back.
Stane had
“Go,” Sam ordered, pointing west towards Beacon where emergency lights were waiting. “They’re waiting for you two blocks away. Stick together, and run as fast as you can.”
“Yeah, Cap?”
Steve cracked his neck, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath, and let The Captain take over. It was a smooth transition, one that his body and mind had fully come to accept. The only person who had a chance at breaking him apart was Tony, and he was blissfully asleep, thankfully resting before his presentation in the morning. So Steve was just left with the Captain, who was out for blood, and refused to be denied.
“They operate out of two warehouses and a bar, all in different points of the city, here-” She pointed out the marked x’s on the map of Boston before continuing. “The offices they are using to handle the paperwork, track and store the finances, and complete arranged deals are in the building in West Roxbury. The victims are held in the warehouse to the north in Back Bay. The keys to all of the cells within are held by Zemo’s main players, who frequent the bar to the east in Clay Point. The back of the establishment is used as a type of command center of sorts, and our sources on the ground tell us there will be a meeting there tonight. We weren’t able to get eyes on the inside, but something shady is definitely going down there.”
. He was the one working with Hydra. He was the one who sold me out. He-” Tony’s voice cut off in choked sob. “My
he’s in danger.” He swallowed and ran a hand through his disheveled hair. “I have this feeling, guys. He’s mine, and he’s in trouble.”
“I’ll be there.” Steve confirmed, shooting the younger man a wink.
“I know, Buck.” Steve sighed, not knowing how to explain this to his friends. “Tony’s got plans for after he graduates. Big plans. He’s going to change the world, I know it. He doesn’t need to get caught up with the mafia on the way there. So no, I’m not going to recruit him, and I don’t want to hear about this again.”
orders? Talk to me as my boyfriend, Rogers, not this holier-than-thou perfect little soldier who decides what I can and can’t do. I created the weapons
His nose dipped into Tony’s hair for a moment before letting go altogether, and then he was gone.
Tony stared at him for a few long moments, trying to catch his breath. He finally leaned away and looked down into his lap where his hands were shaking. Steve didn’t hesitate to cover them with his own. “Did...did I do something wrong?”
Finally, he looked up through his long lashes to see the hunger he had grown familiar with.Yes. That's what he’d been waiting for. Tony brought himself to his toes and leaned so that their faces were inches apart, sweet breath intermingling with each pant. “Or else this will be the last time you see it.”
“What?” Bruce asked sharply, “Are you or Sam hurt? Why didn’t you report it?”
The Avengers can keep you safe.
to be eliminated, and this was the only way to make sure that happened.
Steve snapped his head towards Bucky, who nodded and took off into the engineering building. Steve brought his attention back to Harley. “What can you tell me about the man who was running away?”
For someone so comfortable with dirty talk, Tony blushed hard when it came to more intimate jokes. He tried covering it up with a shit-eating grin, “Why Captain, if you wanted your hands all over me, all you had to do was ask.”
Tony Stark, genius, former and future billionaire, and the greatest weapons designer in the fucking world. The world wasn’t ready to know that though, and he hadn’t been planning on getting back into the game. But of course, fucking Hydra had to go and ruin everything. They had to go and ram a car into him, causing the glass to shred the muscles in his chest apart, and threaten thousands of innocent lives.
Before either man could snap back at him, Thor hauled him off and around the side of the Liberal Arts building and propped him up against the grey stone. His words might have felt good to finally get off his chest, but all Tony wanted to do was upheave his breakfast right then and there on the sidewalk. Hot tears pricked at the corners of his eyes, and his pants came in quicker and sharper. Any life he’d dreamt up for his future, a clean energy empire, a small but intimate ceremony with Steve, adopting a girl and watching her play in the park with all of her aunts and uncles...all of it was slipping through his fingers like sand, the tears he couldn’t hold back crushing them into the ground.
“You’re into it?” Steve asked incredulously. “I tell you that I basically had one of the members of my
As irritating as this argument was, he had to admit that Rogers had a point. Life had not been kind to Tony, and he had to take the hand he’d been dealt as a child and find a way to turn it around on the house. With the help of Jarvis, and then his friends later, he’d done just that. Tony survived a loveless childhood and came out on top with his chosen family, along with a successful company.
Natasha shrugged her shoulders in agreement, “We shouldn’t have lied to him, we knew how dangerous he was, heard rumors about how he operated. Once we came clean, it seemed to be enough for him, and he drove us to the emergency room. Paid for all of our medical bills, too.” She knocked against him with a dazzling smile. “That’s why we follow him. He’s a good man, Tony, his heart is in the right place. Works outside of the law, sure, but him and Bucky save a lot of people doing what they’re doing. We just wanted a piece of that. You could say I wanted to make some moves towards wiping my ledger clean.”
After that, it was all a blur. Logically, he knew they must be running. He knew they must be moving fast, but Tony’s brain wasn’t working at the speed it should have been. All he really remembered was Steve shouting directions at Bucky, then shouting at Tony to stay awake. He knew the moment they stepped outside because the rush of the frigid, waning winter air slammed into them, and he gasped in relief. He was free.
Tony nodded his head up and down, letting his thin goatee scrape against Steve’s sensitive skin, causing the older man to let out a hiss. He furrowed his brow as a familiar prickle started traveling along the back of his neck.
vibes, and people tended to get the message loud and clear and always gave him a wide berth.
The resemblance to his (secretly) beloved comic book hero, Captain America, was seriously uncanny. The strong, chiseled jaw? The wispy golden blonde hair? The striking deep blue eyes that kept you frozen in place? Plus, the man’s shoulder to waist ratio was enough to make even a Victoria Secret Angel go weak in the knees.
Happy Monday :) I hope you all had a wonderful week, and if you're in the South like me, I hope you're surviving this heat!
Tony shook off his exhaustion and stripped, stepping into the shower spray to get cleaned up before his venture out. As the water trickled over him, Tony’s thoughts wandered back to Steve. The memory of his enormity over Tony had him already half-hard. When he palmed himself, he hissed in pleasure, keeping the shower-head angled so that the constant cascade of water hit him just right. Tony swallowed hard thinking about Steve’s broad chest, and what it would feel like to have him pressed up against the lines of his back. He closed his eyes as he stroked himself, long, slow slides up and down. Tony’s back arched as his muscles tightened in anticipation.
“So you told him where he could shove it, and your dad cut you off.” Steve finished for him.
“You’re working a job? Why didn’t I know about this?” His best friend demanded, scooting over so that Natasha could kick her feet up onto his lap.
Anyway...enjoy.
Steve closed his own eyes, jaw locked tight with barely controlled fury. He reached his free hand into his pocket and pressed the phone to his ear. It only rang once before Bucky answered.
Everyone snapped to attention. “Tones? Hey, how are you feeling?”
Whoops.
. Of course I want JARVIS. I want all of you, sweetheart.”
Bucky nodded, twisting out his metal arm to work out an uncomfortable kink. “I’ll have Nat reach out to Tony’s friends, then get Thor and Clint to help out with the move.” Their boisterous blonde friend had returned from Norway after hearing about the attack, eager to lend his aid. “Anything else?”
Tonight, the Avengers and their friends simply basked in each other’s company. There was nobody knocking down their door for answers, Tony was safe and unharmed in the arms of the man who loved him, and the Godfather was playing on cable.
Tony could hear a surprised, “oh,” then the sound of a laptop closing. “That’s wonderful, Tony! I’ll be there in twenty.” The line clicked off, and he wasn’t able to keep from wriggling a little in his bed. So what? No one was around to see it. An adonis of a man, his very own Captain America look alike wanted to go out with him! Former billionaire extraordinaire! Not that Steve knew that, of course.
Thoughts?
Thor was at his back in an instant, hovering protectively and glaring at the two powerful men.
Their gazes held as he silently reminded Tony of what he was trying to say.
“I wouldn’t suppose that either of you know what’s happening?” he asked, stretching out along the leather and getting comfortable. Might as well.
“How do you know that, Stevie? He could be one of them!” Bucky shot back, equally irritated.
Tony startled at that, eyes going wide. “What? No!” he shook his head, “I’m not breaking up with you! But you might not want anything to do with me after I say what I have to...”
Without a solid plan in mind, Tony pulled up Pepper’s number and hit dial. It only rang twice before he had to pull the phone away from his ear as his CEO screamed at him.
Or at least that’s what Steve Rogers believed. At the top of the One World Trade Center in Los Angeles, with his best friend at his side and his father discussing a deal with the Russians across the rooftop, there certainly wasn’t any reason to believe differently. Steve was mildly interested in the matters that were being discussed, as his father seemed to be growing more agitated by the second, but he wasn’t worried. They would debrief on the plane ride home, and then decide together on the best path forward. Ever since Steve returned home from the army two years ago, Joseph was adamant about roping him in on every decision regarding the Howling Commandos, preparing him for his eventual succession.
“Steve…” Tony choked, suddenly wanting nothing more than his boyfriend. He just wanted to go back to when they were in bed together earlier that morning when they were quiet, and happy, and safe.
“Okay, stop. Timeout. Pause.” He cut off with a slice of his hand. “Do you have any idea how okay I am with this? No, seriously.” Tony locked their gazes together. “I was a little bit in love with you back in New York. I knew Hydra was using SI’s weapons, but I couldn’t do anything about it. After hearing about the Captain and his Howling Commandos fighting back, and actually
When he finally came back to himself, he glanced down at the throbbing erection skimming close to his hip. The mob boss was careful not to rub himself against Tony, but judging by the tenseness of his muscles, it was taking some serious self- control.
Thor’s eyes crinkled when his lips twitched upwards. He was exceedingly pleasant to be around. “As you know, I hail from Norway. My father, Odin, reigns as the current Monarch.”
He stood up and walked over to Tony, shooing away the scissors so that he could run a hand through Tony’s new cut. “I went into hiding, and that’s where Steve found me. I guess the Avengers had gotten a tip from their friends in the government.”
Apparently once Steve was satisfied that he had piled enough clothes into the bag, he moved into the bathroom to grab the toiletries. “Steve!”
Two years ago, Steve decided to pursue his true passion and get an art degree. With his colorful and decorated past in the army, and the funds provided by the Howling Commandos’ hundreds of scores, he was accepted on the first try, and Steve and Bucky took off for Boston, leaving Peggy in charge back home.
“Seriously, go to class. You’ve been working so hard, and you love your work. I want to see it, and I can’t see it if you don’t finish it.” He tried pushing again, pleased when Steve finally moved off the bed. “I’ll be fine. Your friends are going to stay with me, I’ll be here when you get back. I promise.”
that they are meant to be a part of my life. A part of my team. It’s how I chose the Howling Commandos, back when we were all deployed in the same unit. They followed Bucky and I back to New York, so it turned out to be the right choice. And it’s how I built the Avengers.”
Steve had the gall to look embarrassed. “I might have had Clint tail you for a bit. I knew you needed to be protected, plus I just wanted to make sure that I ran into you again!” He groaned, leaning back so that he was stretched out on the bedspread over Tony’s legs and covered his face with his hands. “Now you probably think I’m some kind of stalker.”
“No,” Tony insisted. “You say that the most important thing to you is keeping me safe, right?”
Tony fidgeted nervously outside of the door, raised his hand to knock, then pulled it away again abruptly. He paced for a few more minutes, trying to psych himself up for this.
Steve took a deep breath in, fingering his own weapon and finding strength in the shield hooked onto his back. “Move out. Twenty minutes, team, then disappear.”
, Tony, I really do. I think you’re great. I’d love the chance to get to know you more.”
Pepper scurried around the corner, socks slipping on the hardwood floors. “Tony!” She had an open bottle of wine in her hands and a brilliant smile on her face. “How did it go? Tell me literally everything. Are you going to see each other again? Was he nice? Did you kiss him? Please tell me you kissed him!”
But now he had this new mission to focus on, along with putting the finishing touches on his project. Tony could sit and worry about the things he can’t control in the future, like when and where his enemies might strike, or he could put all of his time and energy into moving forward in life. Making the world a better place by introducing them to the world of artificial intelligence, and then hopefully in the not so distant future, a miniaturized arc reactor. Or helping the Avengers rescue men, women, and children who have been kidnapped by sex traffickers. Those were the things he could focus on instead of the crippling fear that Hydra and his father instilled in him.
It didn’t take long for Clint and Natasha to join the picture, followed by Thor, and finally Bruce. They worked together exceptionally well, meshing even better than the Howling Commandos, and that was saying something. They were each brilliant in their own right, and they made Steve and Bucky better simply by proximity.
And when he did, he would take Hydra with him.
“Tuesday. Everything is all set up, and I already took my last finals. After that…”
Steve stood up slowly, walking towards his false wall and pressing on a loose panel. It opened to his touch, revealing the perfectly round shield that carried him through his days at the Captain of the Howling Commandos. Once he slotted it along his back, letting it click into place, he turned to his team, eyes blazing with determination and purpose.
(See the end of the chapter for
. “Any questions?”
That earned them a wet chuckle, and Tony furiously tried to wipe away the tears that escaped. “Thanks guys, I...I love you too. Really.” He laughed again, stronger this time. “And Justin Hammer fails at everything he does, Pep. It’s no mystery why Christine turned him down in front of the entire Debate team. You know they are just a bunch of gossips, it was the best way to ensure his sweeping embarrassment.”
“Copy.”
“You look like you’d be able to hold your own.” There was a wicked gleam in Tony’s eye as he hopped into the passenger seat of the truck, back facing the interior so that his legs hung out of the open door, and Steve smirked at how close to the money Tony was.
Bucky frowned and leaned his head towards the darkened alley for a peek. “You’re fixin’ up some kids while wearing the Avengers’ masks? You’re givin’ them fuckin’ nightmares, goddammit!”
“He’s their son.” Bucky tried. “If they want to see him, I’m not sure we can stop them.”
The Maximoff twins looked at each other, a silent, terrified conversation running between them before they shared a grimace and faced the two Avengers.
“Listen here, you fuckin’ piece of shit. If we so much as hear a goddamn
Last chapter should be up soon, I hope you've enjoyed this story so far. I'd love to hear your thoughts!
And that's all, folks! Thanks again for reading, and I just want to give a S/O to everyone who has been following this story since the beginning. I hope you enjoyed it.
Once they started dating, it almost
Steve’s could practically feel his heart being ripped from his chest at the sound of Tony’s small, broken whimper. He was hurting so much, and it was
And he hadn’t woken up for six days. They had taken him off of the breathing tube yesterday, confirming that his lungs were strong enough to work on their own.
Steve ground his teeth. “I’m not working a job. I’m just keeping an eye out for someone, that’s all.”
ground, I wanted to do so much more than just root for you from the sidelines. You…” He broke eye contact and blushed down at the sheets. No way he could find the courage to admit this to Steve’s baby blues. “You were my hero. And then I move to Boston and you managed to beat their asses
“Just off Cambridge and Anderson. You know, you really didn’t have to do this.” Tony told him sheepishly while watching the street lamps switch on out the window.
Enjoy :)
The next time Tony woke up, it was to three voices whispering above his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hydra did what it needed to do. The Captain and his Howling Commandos might have stopped us before, but not even the Avengers are a match for us now. Cut off one head, and two more take its place!” The German man clutched at the railings on either side of Tony’s arms and leaned in close, practically hissing. “If you don’t build exactly what we require in the amount of time you are given, then I will set off the explosives we placed at the starting line of the Boston Marathon.”
The Howling Commandos began small, just as any successful, self-respecting organization should. Rogerus and his two best men dealt out an array of popular drugs at the time, marijuana and heroin, until they brought on a brilliant German scientist, the world’s very own Dr. Abraham Erskine, who could create something finer and purer than anything available on the market. The Howling Commandos went from low-level dealers to the most desired suppliers in the state of New York in a matter of weeks, turning their payout from hundreds into thousands, which eventually grew to millions and billions under the watchful eye of the Rogerus, now formally known as
“Good thing too,” Bucky agreed, scratching at his stubble. “They must just be focusing on increasing their numbers for now.”
“Get some sleep. We’ll be here when you wake up.” Bruce muttered softly, clicking off the light in the room.
Sam snickered, then bit at his lip and looked over to Steve, who nodded. The two Avengers grabbed the keys and light jackets before ushering Tony out the door, careful not to jostle his still healing chest as he stepped down through the threshold.
(See the end of the chapter for
As soon as the thought crossed his mind, finally acknowledging his lack of sustenance within the past twenty-four hours, Tony’s stomach roared to life. His cheeks tinted again, and he wiped his hands across the thighs of his ripped jeans before biting off a piece of one of the muffins and swallowing down a gulp of coffee.
“What’s going on?”
was how you knew I was in danger.” Tony whispered. “You knew someone else was watching me.”
He answered the door, and was immediately met with Steve’s lips on his. Tony gasped at the intrusion, but was quick to melt into the kiss. This was how it always was with them, straight heat and fireworks sizzling at every inch of where their bodies connected. He wasn’t sure how he had survived this long without this. Without Steve. After a few more seconds, Steve caressed the spot where his hands were cupping Tony’s face and he pulled back. “Hi, sweetheart. Did you have a good day?”
He wanted to obliterate these fuckers for hurting what is his, and he wanted to burn the place to the ground.
“You got it,” Steve agreed. “I love you. Good luck.”
Tony reached over and placed his hand near Steve’s face, pausing just before to silently ask for permission to touch. Steve nodded and leaned forward. Tony’s fingertips brushed against him before pushing his left eyebrow upwards. He chuckled under his breath, which had started to become uneven. “Just like that.”
When he complied, Steve gave him a little smile that Tony didn’t reciprocate, then a swift kiss on the cheek. He then took his hand and led him out of the apartment, watching carefully as Tony locked up, then ushered him into the truck. The air between them was taunt and sharp, such a monumental contrast from how it had been last night. Neither of them spoke, and Tony crossed his arms protectively over his chest and leaned against the window. He had no fucking clue what had gotten into Steve, but he didn’t like it. This version of his boyfriend was...cold. Commanding. Tony wasn’t insecure enough to think that Steve’s feelings for him had changed, but he began to suspect that he didn’t quite know everything there was to know about Steve Rogers.
He strode over and handed out the stack of duplicate files he had printed out to each of the Avengers. Clint and Nat nodded and flipped through lazily, as they had already memorized its contents. Bruce, Thor, Sam, and Tony read on with interest, while Bucky cursed loudly.
The moment the rest of the team filed out of the room, Tony locked the door behind them and turned on Steve, who was still wrapped up in his stupid fucking
. Something different. Dangerous. But the feeling was never directed towards him, so Tony never even thought twice about it. In hindsight, he actually doubted his title as a genius, considering he never put two and two together.
“Yes, please.” He nodded, getting comfortable under the sheets.
“There’s no fucking way,” Tony hissed. “How the fuck am I a Slytherin and my kidnapper is a Gryffindor? And why do you need this so bad? What happens if they find out your name?”
to do with SI,” Tony hissed, now actively trying to shake off his father’s hold. “I’m not going to be making weapons for you!”
I hoped you enjoyed this chapter! Kudos/Comments are appreciated!
Bucky frowned at him next to the bathroom door. “Stark, you should really-“
“The Parker kid called, I told him to come by tomorrow to drop by Tony’s school work. Pepper texted twice, something about a Sex and the City marathon that will be streaming on television this weekend, and…”
“What happened?” Tony asked while running his fingers along the nape of Steve’s neck. He felt him shiver deliciously.
Tony hummed his assent. Thor sat in the too-small chair, propping his feet up on the bed as Tony settled in, and intertwined his own fingers before laying them across his chest.
, as if he were some kind of child. Tony had been resentful and spiteful, and people always seemed to forget that he was a genius, so they left their guard down. He was able to convince Sam and Bruce to let him spend the day in the lab, and on the way, Hydra had T-boned their car.
“It really means a lot that you would trust me with that. Because, well, there’s something I need to talk to you about too. Something I’ve been meaning to tell you-”
Maybe that was it, he thought warily to himself. Steve had a soft spot for helping out those in rough situations. It was how he became The Captain after all. Once he grew out of his sickly form and put on some serious muscle during puberty, he and Bucky had cleared Steve’s old bullies off the streets. Over the past ten years, their parameters of influence had grown exponentially, spreading across Brooklyn and Queens before moving into the other Boroughs. He and his Howling Commandos were laughably unmatched when it came to fighting against those that the police couldn’t touch. Steve didn’t like bullies, it didn’t matter where they were from, so he spent eight years of his life building up the image and reputation of the Captain in New York, silently and stealthily taking out any opponent that stepped out of the shadows.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Kudos/Comments are always appreciated!
Thank you to everyone who has commented/left kudos/bookmarked this story. I LOVE all of your feedback, and it makes me giddy to know that you're enjoying it so far :)
Tony stirred awake, unbothered by nightmares and flashbacks for the first time in a week. As he examined the unfamiliar plain walls with a frown, he remembered that he was at Steve’s place. And thinking about Steve led to him remembering every goddamn second about the night before.
Tony narrowed his eyes in suspicion. “Alright…”
The older man took another step closer, and Tony could feel the heat radiating off of his body. He blinked, suddenly feeling dizzy at the nearness. “Let me do this, please? I won’t be able to sleep tonight if I knew you were out there in this weather.”
Bucky’s sharp gaze narrowed in on Tony, who brushed it off without a second thought. Peter, on the other hand, fidgeted and fought against the faint blush creeping across his cheeks. “Right, Mr.-uh, Tony.” The corners of his lips twitched upwards. “Mr. Barnes and Mr. Odinson were nice enough to let me wait here and work on some assignments until you woke up.”
He could feel the moment went Steve’s defenses shot up. His boyfriend bristled underneath his touch, but he didn’t move away, so Tony counted that as a win. “I think you should explain. Now.”
Inside, a thin teenage girl with damp red hair sat crumpled in the corner. She had large, terrified green eyes that watched his every move with frightening concentration. He’d seen her picture before in their file. Wanda Maximoff.
They had only been ten minutes away from campus when the truck slammed into them, flipping the car three a total of times until it landed on its roof. Tony remembered coming to upside down, sobs escaping his throat as he frantically called out for help. Oh God, he had been so scared. Everything hurt. He couldn’t breathe. Bruce was completely unconscious...or, or
With each generation of Rogers came new expertise, advancements, and expansion for the Howling Commandos. James’ son, Daniel, grew their family business out of Brooklyn and into Rhode Island, Pennsylvania, and New Jersey, effectively owning the stretch of coastline, along with the shipyards and docks that came along with the territory. Try as they might, Dr. Erskine’s formula remained the gang’s most guarded secret, and the exclusivity and incredible loyalty of the members was tested, yet held steady time and time again in the face of kidnappings, ransoms, and torture throughout the years.
“We’re taking him to a doctor,” He assured her. “What’s your name?”
to get to him.”
“Stane has Tony, I’m sure of it.” He explained, resentment and anger seeping into his bones. “Clint, find every available security camera in the area and review the footage. There has to be something we can use. Nat, start working on tracking Tony’s cell phone. Sam, you and Bruce take Thor to the ER and keep us updated on his condition. Buck, you give Tony’s friends a call to let them know what’s going on, and I’ll canvas the engineering building and see if anyone else saw anything.”
“Soldier.” He called, and Bucky tilted his head to acknowledge that he was listening. “How many men does it take to deliver a message?”
Pepper was silent on the other end. After a full forty-five seconds ticked by, Tony started to get nervous. “Pep?”
Tony looked over his shoulder at Clint for an explanation, who was checking over his work. “You’d be surprised at the kind of contacts we have, kid. Nat brought the information to Cap, and we spent two months trying to track Banner down.”
One day Stevie came home with a police scanner, “just to keep an eye out, Buck.” Bucky wasn’t an idiot though, and he knew Steve better than anyone. That single police scanner was the beginning of another cycle of their former life, but here in Boston.
“This is perfect, Tony.” Steve choked out, laying a hand across it and reaching out his other one for Tony, who took it instantly. “
,’ before his godfather’s face filled his vision.
The file before him outlined Zemo’s involvement in a few minor gangs throughout the States, his busts from simple drug charges and assault and battery at strip clubs. More recently, Zemo looked to have gotten mixed up in a group that called themselves “The Masters of Evil,” which was the stupidest fucking name Steve had ever heard. But according to the file, they certainly lived up to their name. Zemo’s group specialized in human trafficking, and they weren’t picky on age or gender. The pictures included between the sheets made his stomach twist, and he had to flip through them quickly to stave off his temper.
He reminded himself that he was in Boston, not New York. Howard couldn’t touch him here.
Y'all. I have a chapter and a half left to write, I'm so damn close.
Bruce shot an unimpressed look over Tony’s shoulder. “I was a scientist in an underground sector of the government. I headed experiments in Gamma radiation with my...fiance,” He swallowed painfully around the world. “Her father was a general in the army, and barely tolerated me, at best. I wasn’t exactly the strong and stoic man he always pictured his daughter marrying.”
A nauseous spell hit Tony hard at the thought of anyone targeting Pepper, Rhodey, or Happy, and for a moment he thought he was going to be sick. He closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, matching Rogers’ breathing patterns without thinking about it. In one, two three, out one, two, three. The previously-settled rage at his circumstances came back, boiling to the surface. He was in this mess, in danger, because of fucking Rogers.
“I’m thinking, Tony.” She bit out. “How long is a while?”
He looked around at his team, all willingly prepared to do whatever it takes to get Tony back, and nodded, sending them all into motion. Steve swallowed down on the consuming rage and let revenge fantasies flit through his mind while heading back towards the building from which Tony was taken.
As the room exploded into arguments and protests, Tony’s mind was reeling. The Captain? If Hydra was so terrified of him, it must be the same man who led the Commandos in New York. He must have moved here to Boston and put together the Avengers. The pieces should have begun connecting right then in there, but Tony was in too much pain and frankly, too relieved that the Captain was here to save the day, to work out the puzzle.
Tony’s eyes widened, suddenly worried that the General’s people would find Bruce and take him away. The two Avengers must have understood the look on his face, because they shot comforting smiles his way. Client clapped a careful hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry, Tony. I spotted them from miles away, and Cap somehow threw off their trail and sent them down to Kentucky. Still don’t know how he did it.”
Tony’s mood suddenly soured, and he leaned back against the wall. “Nah, I don’t want to mention anything.”
A flutter of motion, and Stane had grabbed a stack of folders from Tony’s side, and began throwing him down on the table in front of him. “This is why.”
Steve heaved Tony up into his arms, shouting out orders to his teammates to get the hell out of the building and secure the perimeter. Only Bucky stayed behind to cover Steve’s back while he carried Tony.
feeling. It tells me things about people. Kind of.” He frowned, unhappy with the inability to articulate. “It’s how I choose my teams. When I meet someone, I just
Big shoutout to my beta @MugiwaraLexi
When they explained, Bucky’s day went from bad, to worse, to a complete and utter shit show.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve leaned back in his chair, letting his knees knock against Tony’s underneath the table. The touch sent a rush of heat straight down his spine, and he was pleased when his date didn’t move away. “Well, my friends back home were all in my unit in the army. When I moved here, I met Clint and Natasha. A former circus performer and a ballerina, if you can believe it. Sam is a vet as well, he runs a few groups at the VA. And Thor-”
“I’ve got you, sweetheart. I’ve got you. It was just a nightmare. You’re safe now.”
“Because the son of a bitch has a Hydra tattoo.”
“I need JARVIS.” It was true, even though he had his laptop and a shiny new workshop, Tony wasn’t going to be comfortable anywhere without his greatest creation. Plus, it gave him a layer of protection he didn’t currently have. No matter what Dr. Banner might have done to his phone and laptop, JARVIS could get around it. “Can you take the flashdrive with his code and box it up? I’ll have someone come and pick him up.”
The Captain who stood before him shuddered at the command and Tony realized with a start that he was one of the only people in the
. Okay, okay,
“I don’t actually think it matters,” The Soldier mused. “You won’t be around to remember the story anyway.”
about people. Kind of like an overactive gut,
Bruce sighed, and clicked the comm unit in his ear. “What is it Clint? I’m waiting on Steve.”
Tony stumbled into the firing range, eyes quickly tracking over the six bays, only one filled with various rifles, glocks, and machine guns Bucky had been practicing with. The man in question waited patiently for his target sheet to reel back across the line. Unsurprisingly, only two holes were visible, one in the center of the forehead, and one where the target’s heart would be. As the sheet
Both of his friends laid their hands on him, pushing the damp hair out of his face and cupping his cheek. Pepper gave him a small smile. “You had a panic attack. The doctor said that it’s a symptom of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, something that is very likely given what you’ve been through.”
Steve gave him a small smile and stepped into the room, carrying a medicine capsule and a glass of water. “It’s actually around seven at night, how are you feeling?”
.” He came harder than he had in months, chest heaving as he tried to suck in some of the humid air. Tony caught his breath after a few moments, smiling lazily as his muscles loosened up again. It only took him a few extra minutes to actually get cleaned up before stepped out and wrapping a towel around his waist.
Steve ran his free hand through Tony’s hair, massaging lightly in the spots he knew would make Tony relax. He leaned over and gently kissed his boyfriend’s temple, “Shhh, sweetheart, no. None of this is your fault.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My decisions are not
Rogers shrugged, “Peter is the only one underage anymore, but he’s still going to school in the fall and spring. When the rest graduated, they either chose to head off to university, travel, or join up with my team. I don’t force them into anything, if that’s what you’re really asking.”
I'll see y'all next Monday!
“We need to make an example out of them.” Steve decided. “Whoever is digging them out of their grave needs to know that The Avengers will stop them. This is our territory now.”
“They had a police escort from MIT’s campus,” She explained with a severe frown. “Which was how the police and the reporters knew who the victims were so quickly.” Natasha reached out to grip Steve’s arm. “Cap, Obadiah Stane was
“Tony...are you sure? You don’t know the things I’ve done...the kind of man I really am.”
Tony frowned. Steve didn’t blame his friends. Not really. He blamed
Tony rolled his eyes, hard, but looped his own arm through Clint’s anyway. “I’m actually going to have to get used to you being around all the time, aren’t I?”
The nurse slipped through the door, casting a fairly unimpressed look at Steve for his migration to the bed, but Tony just tightened his grip. There was no way in hell she was going to pry them apart. His boyfriend was the fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
The blast threw Stane reeling backwards into the opposing wall at the same the door was kicked in. A flurry of residual smoke wafted around Tony’s field of vision, but he would recognize that hulking body anywhere. Once you’ve run your tongue along every square inch of skin like that, it was impossible to forget.
“I’ve been told I grow on people.”
The nurse nodded warily and did as he asked. Tony was practically vibrating from disbelief and mounting pain. Steve was actually offering to…?
Steve took a sip of his own drink. “I’m taking a few classes at Harvard’s art school.”
“I just...I don’t know if that’s a good idea.” Steve started, clearly uncomfortable with his own words. “The last time you were with them…”
, went completely to Tony to do with as he saw fit.
Clint nodded, assuming she could understand him. “I’m going to unlock this door, then you’re going to help me lead everyone else here down the road to the ambulances that will be waiting for you, okay?” He stood up without breaking eye contact. “I’ll need your help making sure everyone is out.”
!” Thor snapped, and Tony found himself flinching away from the sharpness in his tone. His giant friend placed his hands on the side of the head reassuringly and in apology. “We
“Ah, sorry. Just the coffee then.” He dropped the coins onto the counter, each one ringing too loud between his ears.
be under your influence again. I’m my own person, and I refuse to kneel down to men like you.”
did you say to me, Stark?”
He distantly remembers seeing people hop out of the truck, their feet taking their sweet time as they walked over to help. Tony’s voice was hoarse as he screamed, fumbling hard with his own seat belt as he took stock of his injuries. Glass had left horrendous cuts down his forearm, the skin and blood showing straight through the fabric of his clothes. But his chest. His chest. Shards of glasses were embedded near his sternum, and Tony choked on his screams, choked on the blood. It was
A lot of commotion happened the following week. Zemo went to the cops, accusing Steve and Bucky of beating the shit out of him and his crew, but as he was the only one who actually got a look at his attackers, plus his less than stellar reputation, no one seemed to believe him. Plus, Lucy and Susan provided a rock solid alibi, telling the police that the boys had been with them the entire night, keeping them company after what Zemo did to Lucy.
“Both of us were forced to set down our weapons, and we knew that was it. They practically had to rip Clint’s bow right out of his hands,” Natasha remembered with a tilt of her lips. “We heard the cock of the gun, sure that were were about to die...and then the man who was aiming for us dropped to the floor with a bullet between his eyes. Just like that.”
The older man gave him a soft smile, dissipating his fears. “I was in the army. The 107th.” He said by way of explanation. “It’s sort of my prerogative to notice things.”
After only a beat of hesitation, and a quick check-in glance at Clint, who had followed Steve’s lead and torn off his mask as well, Wanda and Pietro each grasped Steve’s hands and let him pull them to their feet.
When the movie ended, Sam had passed out on the loveseat, mouth open with a line of drool hanging off his lips.
(08/02 minor clean-up edits)
He decided to answer honestly. “I don’t know, but it could.”
!” He called from the hallway over his shoulders.
“Carbonell was my mother’s maiden name.” Tony licked his lips, working himself up for it. “My last name is actually Stark.”
Thor gave him a serious nod and stepped back. “I shall alert our dear Captain of this new development. No doubt he will wish to retrieve you from campus.”
Surprisingly, it was Thor who huffed out a laugh at his little joke. Tony smirked, happy to know that an Avenger other than Clint had a sense of humor. It even earned him a small smile from Peter. “Nice to meet you, Point-Break. Thanks for uh…” The corners of his lips twitched upwards, “for helping move all of my crap here. I feel a lot safer knowing you’re looking out for me.”
“I need to talk to you about something.”
Rogers hummed placatingly. “I assume you mean Bucky, my right hand man. The Winter Soldier.”
“Copy that, Captain.” The faint click sounded in his ear, and Steve ground his teeth together. Tony was just a
The man in question grumbled incoherently and turned his head away from the overenthusiastic commotion.
Tony brushed his teeth and pulled back on his jeans, hoping the temperature hadn’t dropped anymore so that the rips in the knees could be ignored. He threw on one of his three MIT sweaters and made sure his favorite beanie was around his ears nice and tight. It wouldn’t do to freeze before he could make some dinner.
Rhodey didn’t reply for a few long moments, and Tony went right back to squirming uncomfortably. “Do you think it’s your dad? Or Stane?”
The back door was ripped off its loosened hinges, and two sets of gloved hands cut off his seatbelt and hauled him out of the car none too carefully. He remembers them being much rougher than they probably should have been, and his legs had given out on him when they jostled his chest wound. But they kept dragging him away, and they
He swallowed, watching Rogers’ completely naked cock grow under Tony’s scrutiny and feeling himself respond in turn. Tony turned slightly so that his own erection was semi-hidden and muffled a groan at the sudden, overwhelming desire to touch himself.
Tony wanted to protest, and he damn well tried, but his mouth didn’t seem to be connected to his brain anymore. Sam just let out a quiet bark of laughter and pushed off from his chair, tucking Tony’s blankets snug against his sides. “Sleep, Tony. You’ll be on your feet in no time.”
“Wait, you have a friend named Thor?” Tony asked incredulously, his brow popped.
On the third day of his captivity, he was ready. They hadn’t given him hardly any time to eat or sleep, much more focused on having their precious bomb in their hands then to keep the engineer healthy, despite their earlier promises.
The three men were practically vibrating in fear in their seats, but Steve wasn’t finished yet.
He was furiously out of his mind with worry, but a nagging voice in his head that sounded suspiciously like Tony reminded him that Tony had come a long way. He wasn’t in the dark about the Avengers, and he was perfectly capable of protecting himself. Sure, Stane might have him locked up somewhere, but Steve wouldn’t put it past his boyfriend to find his way out before his friends even got to him.
“I don’t,” Steve denied, but it was weak. “I...I don’t. I just…” He took a deep breath. “I
Tony perked up against the leather vinyl. “What, just...
you, boy, you think I don’t know when you’re lying? I’ve been paying attention, watching the Avengers closely, and I would recognize your designs anywhere. You started making weapons again, and for the same fuckers who are trying to take down my company!”
when his boyfriend left him with fucking strangers to look out for him while he
Thor clapped a hand on Peter’s shoulder, shaking him a bit, and his voice boomed. “I believe this young man would make a fine ruler, as long as he has a clever council in his corner.”
“What?” Harley squeaked, reminding them that they had an audience.
As much as Tony wanted to watch Stane get what was coming to him, he wasn’t sure he could actually stomach it. Steve, thank fuck, seemed to understand this without it needing to be said. Without looking away from Stane, he called out to Sam. “Falcon, take Tony home. We’ll handle it from here.”
“Then go move that stuff to the kitchen table. We can work in there.”
, Stevie.” He growled. “You need to forgive Sam and Bruce, they’ve both apologized about a thousand times and feel awful about what happened. You know you have to move past this.”
. He gave an awkward chuckle, placing the box into his overflowing basket. “Yeah, funny. It’s uh, good to see you again."
Steve snorted and shot out a hand to wrap around Tony’s clothed waist, considering he’d already showered and dressed for the day, pulling him back onto the bed with him and nosing his way into the junction of Tony’s neck and collarbone. “No!” He protested, but it was weak and shaking with amusement.
Rogers raised an eyebrow in question. “Is it good?”
Thank you all for your support! Enjoy
“It’s kind of a long story,” Steve explained, intertwining their fingers and tugging until Tony collapsed onto his lap, legs hanging off to the side.
“We are, but it doesn’t mean that we’re moving past finding out who was behind the kidnapping. You know that, right?”
position he found you in with that boy, I convinced him that I would be best suited to run SI. But he just couldn’t let it go,” Stane raged, throwing his hands up in the air. “He needed his
In one single movement, Steve had rolling them over so that they were chest to chest with Steve lying on top of Tony. His entire body was coiled tight, every muscle locked as he stared down at Tony. “I need you to tell me how long you’ve been feeling like someone’s been watching you, sweetheart. It’s important.”
“You didn’t…” He croaked, tears welling up in the corners of his eyes.
Whispered bickering buzzed in their ears, and Bucky snapped with an audible click. “Shut the hell up, both of you, and tell us where you are.”
Steve didn’t bother to let him spit out a response before swinging the pipe around and cracking it against Zemo’s head. He crumpled to the ground, completely unconscious. Bucky bent down to ensure there was a pulse, and huffed when he found it. “Damn, Stevie. I was kinda hopin’ you killed him.”
Tony pinched at the bride of his nose, swallowing hard against the sudden lump in his throat. “I-I know. I know you won’t, Steve. It’s just…” His face twisted with shame, and he kept his eyes on the full tub. “My chest. My scars. They aren’t pretty. It’s...it’s actually kind of horrible, really.”
Tony squeezed his hand and looked up. “That sounds great, Steve.”
, Buck,
Clint suggested that Tony dress up; apparently Rogers had something special planned for dinner. Tony decided to go along with it. He trimmed his goatee a little closer than normal and added a hint of product to his hair, playing around with a loose curl so that it gave him a skinny Clark Kent look.
Bucky grunted in agreement. “Was he right to keep her away?”
you don’t want to do that, Tony. We’re family, and you wouldn’t want to hurt family, would you?”
It’s what made him who he was.
“You don’t want to come get him yourself? Tony, you know how important he is.”
Steve fought the urge to roll his eyes. “No one knows who I am, Buck. And since Schmidt is dead, they won’t know who you are either. As long as we stop them early on, things will be fine.”
Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your encouragement is everything <3
is going to happen to me,” Tony promised, sighing and reaching out a hand of his own to run his fingers through Steve’s styled blonde locks. “Like I said before, I can protect myself now. If someone tries coming for me, or after any of the Avengers while I’m around for that matter, they’ll have to answer to my repulser blasters. Patent pending.” He added cheekily.
And it
“Can we get this show on the road?” Bucky complained, throwing an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “I’m ready to give Zemo what he’s got coming to him.”
The Avengers and the Howling Commandos got together one glorious evening of camaraderie and celebration, and had drunkenly decided to switch places. In the light of the morning and everyone’s miserables hangovers, it still sounded like a good idea. Tony helped relocate the Howling Commandos to Boston, and the Avengers came to New York and took up residence in the Stark mansion.
Tony couldn’t help it, he flinched back hard as if he’d been slapped, and he heard a surprised grunt come from Thor as well. “What? I’m not going back there!” He argued hotly, ignoring the nails digging into his shoulder.
The older man nodded warily.
“And I’ll come by as often as I can.” Pepper added, tucking one of Tony’s longer curls back behind his ear. “Steve and his friends will take good care of you, but I’ll come by and we can have ice cream and dish about Justin Hammer and his third failed attempt at asking out Christine Everhart.”
An amused grunt sounded on the other line. “
Fucking vultures.
“Fine,” Tony grumbled. He couldn’t complain really, he knew he wouldn’t really make it to the action of tonight's mission. At least he was able to make sure they were set up for success, and was even able to get to know Bruce and Thor a little better during their time in the warehouse.
Bruce gave him a small smile. “You’d be right. I destroyed the lab. Every single piece of equipment and all of my data, demolished. I didn’t leave behind any trace of the experiment, which means they didn’t have any hope of replicating it without me. As you can imagine, the General and his associates weren’t too pleased with my work.”
“Well, I have about an hour until my dinner date with Pep, so you’ve got until then to tell me.”
“You can touch it, you know.” Tony told him softly. “It’s just like your old one, just more aerodynamically sound and lighter. It will make it easier to throw, and it's got a magnetized return system, in case the ricochet ballistics are off.”
But none of those things happened.
promise to fill him in later.
Tony stood in front of the podium and tapped the microphone, the resounding echo confirming that it was on. His eyes flickered to the wall across from him, and Tony let the familiar painting of the Massachusetts Bay give him strength. He took a deep breath, winked at the love of his life, and addressed the reporters.
was up in the rafters, taking out the first line of our enemies, the silencer still on his weapon. Six men dropped around us, and it was enough of a distraction for Clint and I to grab our weapons and join the fight. Ten minutes later, we stood alone, completely out of ammo and the only ones left alive, while The
Tony’s next breath came out shaky and stilted, but the fond smile was still tapered across his face. “I guess we’re moving forward, huh?”
People were still screaming around him, and the sound of gunfire was almost deafening. He just wanted it to stop.
He glanced up, meeting Bucky’s uncomfortable stare. “And?”
“I deeply apologize for allowing your father to lay a hand on you.” He lamented solemnly. “And the Avengers will deal with their idle threats, but for now, you need to focus on your thesis defense.”
“How long have you felt like this, Tony?” He asked quietly, as if afraid someone might be listening in. Which was completely ridiculous...wasn’t it? Howard and Obie couldn’t actually be watching him, much less be listening in on him. They didn’t care about him enough to do something so outlandish.
Sam shrugged, “After a display like that, I wanted to know more about whatever it was he was willing to share. Turns out, we had very similar mindsets. He invited me back to meet Bucky, and well, the rest is history.”
Loud shouts and gunfire began sounding from down the hall, shaking Tony out of the slight haze of pain he was hidden in. The mass of soldiers around him grunted in confusion, slowly raising their weapons and heading towards the door.
, and Sam was hurt, and shit if someone died because of me, I don’t think I can-”
Pepper leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Tony’s temple. “How would you feel about going home with Steve?” After his panic attack, Rhodes and Pepper conceded that it was the best course of action to make sure Tony felt taken care of and safe. “We talked about it, and you can go back to the apartment if you want to, but you might be more comfortable at his house.”
WE HAVE REACHED THE END!
he stepped in when the younger man was having trouble paying for his coffee, or
They stared at each other for a few long moments, and Tony narrowed his eyes to prove that he wasn’t backing down from this argument. “We are
“Hell yeah it does!” Clint cheered, pumping a fist in the air. Natasha clipped him on the back of the head.
Thor gave him a soft smile and pushed to his feet. He followed Bucky out the door and moved to turn off the light. “You, Anthony Stark, are not safe until the villains behind your kidnapping are behind bars or rotting in the ground. I trust my Captain, and I gave my oath to come to his aid whenever I am needed. As long as Friend Steven, the Avengers, or you, Anthony, need me, I shall remain here.”
The barista raised a brow, obviously not impressed with his borderline eccentricity. She put the order into the register and popped her gum again. “That will be eight ninety-five.”
Steve huffed, swallowing hard as he moved his gaze back out the passenger window. When they started moving again, the dim lights from the lone street lamps flickered by. “As long as the cities we love are in danger, the Avengers will be around to protect them.”
Tony shrugged, tilting his head back up and smirking at Steve. “Sure, I wish you wouldn’t have kept it from me, but I understand why you didn’t. Considering who I am...I’m actually surprised that you dated me at all.” He frowned, brow furrowing as he actually thought through the situation. “Actually, how can you even stand to be in a relationship with me? After all that I did-”
Tony pushed his strange encounter with ‘ex-army Steve’ out of his mind, convincing himself that he wouldn’t see him again. Why would he? It was a chance meeting. And Steve was...Steve was gorgeous. Everything he could ever want in a guy. But what would he see in Tony? Some dirt poor doctoral student who didn’t have anything lined up after graduation? Of course not. Plus, someone as gorgeous as Steve probably already had a boyfriend. Or girlfriend, Tony muttered to himself. He had no evidence that Steve even liked guys, it wasn’t polite to assume.
Also, you might have noticed that Steve and Bucky's conversation was a little different than the movie. I'm not into victim shaming. Ever.
But for now, they had a briefing to sit through, so Steve pulled away, but kept his hand in Tony’s, squeezing his fingers. “Nat, Clint, you’re up.”
The only answer Steve was able to give was a wheeze.
Tony snorted and shook his head. “No way, old man. I know better than that. I’ve got an entire array of shiny new toys for you to use, but before I’m letting you touch any of those, I need to have a look at that arm.”
Both Tony and Natasha did absolutely nothing to hide their snorts. Sam laughed good naturedly, then cocked his head, suddenly a little serious. “You should know somethin’ Tony.
He just needed to knock on the damn door already. Just as he raised his knuckles to do just that, the door swung right open, revealing a freshly showered, freshly trimmed, and incredibly handsome Tony. “Hi! I uh, saw you walk up from the window. And then I was waiting for you to knock, but then you didn’t, and I got nervous. People have said that I’m impatient. Uh, yeah. So here we are. Hi.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Bruce pursed his lips while Clint sniggered. “I suppose not. I wanted to try though. Steve…” he sighed, his shoulders drooping. “Steve still blames us, I think.”
Steve glared at him in annoyance, but Tony just glared right back. Staring contests were his niche. Finally, his boyfriend just sighed in defeat and rolled his eyes. “Fine.
for revenge. But the people who did this to Tony were dead, the Avengers had made sure of that, and whoever was responsible for putting him in that situation in the first place would be next. Steve took comfort in that. Outwardly, he simply leaned forward and place soft, featherlike kisses along the discolored scars, careful not to harm him in any way. At the first brush of his lips, Tony tensed slightly, then relaxed with a sigh.
run through the list one more time.”
, but if Bucky was honest with himself, he missed the life too. They did damn good work in New York, and saved hundreds of lives in the process. Boston was slower, but no less important. So when Steve brought Sam home one day, he didn’t hesitate to welcome him into their recently downsized family and ask what role he would be playing in their plan to take over Boston.
Thirty minutes later, he had his arms crossed over his chest while watching Natasha in her Black Widow mask interrogate the three Hydra members from behind the two-way mirror. Bucky huffed by his side. “Found ‘em staking out the Weapons Depot on Fifth. Haven’t gotten them to spill anything yet. Nat extracted a cyanide tooth from two of the fuckers. Looks like the third is too green for something like that.”
He took a deep breath and fingered at his own wrist, activating the device that was hidden beneath his cheap suit and angled it downwards . Tony had two good blasts in him, and he needed to make them count. Stane had chosen his first torture device and approached him with a feral grin. Tony snarled, “Get the fuck away from me!”
“That you won’t touch me without my permission.”
Both Avengers nodded, “Back when I first met him, he was cool, you know? Not so easy going, but pretty laid back once you maneuvered your way around his walls. Bucky mentioned that he left a lot of his tension behind in New York. I didn’t realize just how much until we started up on missions.”
With Bucky by his side, the pair sought out the darkened alleyway Zemo and his cronies liked to loiter around. Steve had picked up a loose lead pipe from a junkyard on the way, while Bucky grabbed an old dagger his father had left him. No one had been expecting the two of them to come waltzing into the alleyway, and they certainly hadn’t been prepared for the two of them to come in swinging, not bothering to ask questions. Before anyone could even think to react, three of the neighborhood bullies were unconscious at Zemo’s feet, and Bucky had their target in a chokehold, one hand wrapped tightly around Zemo’s wrists, pinned behind his back.
“But I want minute by minute updates, you hear me, Brucie-bear?”
Tony ended the call and just stared at the mirror above him. He felt...better. Knowing that he could call his friends whenever he wanted made this whole kidnapping situation easier. Rogers must have put a certain amount of trust in him to not alert the authorities, and Tony didn’t quite know what to do with that.
Tony wasn’t an idiot, and knew exactly what Bucky was feeling right now, but he wasn’t about to let that stop him from trying to help. “The wiring’s been interrupted. I noticed it before, but the battle at the Hydra based messed with it even more. This is
Thank you to everyone who has read/followed this story. I ADORE every single comment I receive, and it always makes my day to know someone enjoyed reading this.
“Since Hydra stepped onto the scene again, jerk.” Bucky followed behind and dropped down onto one of the leather couches. “We don’t know what kind of scale they’re trying to make a comeback on. You need to be careful.”
The man slowly wading in and out of the no-doubt frigid water was breathtaking in a way that left Steve feeling as if Bucky had abruptly socked him in the stomach. His frame was more lean than thin, with the kind of muscles that were hard-earned, like one would get from working on a farm, or in a garage. The sun melted beautifully across the lines of his body, giving him an almost ethereal glow, and his blue and black swim trunks clung to his legs and curve of his ass. It took some silent convincing on his part, but finally Steve was able to tilt the binoculars upwards to take in the man’s face when he turned. He was struck by how young the man looked, with a poor amount of stubble littering his jawline and a playful smirk tilting his sinful lips upwards. Steve couldn’t tell the color of his eyes from this far away, but he found himself fantasizing about a light hazel gaze staring down at him from a few inches above as the man’s lean body writhed and worked itself on Steve’s cock, taking his own pleasure as Steve raked his hands and nails across the man’s back, marking his territory.
I hope you enjoy this chapter. As always, shoutout to my beta @MugiwaraLexi
It was a message he intended to make crystal clear here in Boston as well.
Steve’s fingers clenched into tight fists, and he cracked his neck. He rose slowly, picking up the file and typing out a group text to his team.
Thanks for reading! I'd love to hear your thoughts. Any kudos/comments are always appreciated, and encourage me to keep it up :) Y'all have a wonderful week!
Tony tried shaking his head, unwanted emotions swelling up and thickening inside his throat. “Hydra. You tried to get me killed because my dad wanted to bring me back into the family.”
to your
The silence in the room was enough of an answer for him. Steve nodded towards Bucky and turned on Natasha’s comm unit. “Nat, fall back. It’s the Winter Soldier’s turn. I want them to know exactly who they are dealing with.”
“As you wish, sir. It is currently the 13th of May, with a high of 57 degrees fahrenheit and a wind speed of 6 miles per hour. I would suggest wearing a light jacket if you plan on walking to your daily coffee visit, three blocks away.”
After putting his phone and laptop away and stripping down to his boxers, Tony crawled underneath the high thread count sheets and watched the shadows dancing across the room grow until sleep finally claimed him.
Sam placed both hands on his hips in frustration. “They could be lying, they could just be in some kind of trouble.”
His folks moved their family out of Brooklyn, and that was the last Steve had heard from him.
Steve smirked and reached behind in the back to grab a stray towel and wipe the blood spatter off of his face. “I do, actually. Knowing Zemo is off the streets will help me sleep better.”
, how…” Bucky drew up his mask as well, and Zemo looked between the two Avengers. “Barnes...you are the Captain and the Winter Soldier...
His eyes widened, and Steve could see him swallow nervously. “I was coming out of the dining hall across the way from an early breakfast,” Harley jerked his head in the general direction, “when I saw someone running into the building and this guy on the ground. It’s pretty early, so no one else was really on campus, so I came over to see why he wasn’t getting up, and found him like this.”
He looked up to see Bruce Banner standing in the archway that led to the kitchen, holding a small plastic bowl and popping a grape into his mouth. Bruce was the newest member of the Avengers and a genius in his own right.
Tony looked down at the box of generic cereal in his hands and felt his cheeks warm.
He barely resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “Then it isn’t Sam or Bruce’s fault either. If Hydra really was that hell bent on taking me, then they would have gotten me at the house too. You can’t possibly blame them for this.”
Well...if he was offering…
Tony swallowed and looked down, giving a little nod to show that he understood. He heard what Bucky was telling him, he did, but Tony didn’t think there was any practicality to it. He would
“You’re family, Stevie, and now so is Tony. Just remember that the Avengers have your back.
for him. Someone in the inner circle had told Hydra about his abilities, and had almost gotten him killed for it. He wouldn’t go back there, no matter what they had to say.
Tony sighed dramatically, hating that he could see the logic in Rhodey’s words. “Fine, you win. I’ll tell him the truth on our date tomorrow.”
The megawatt smile Steve flashed him made Tony’s toes curl, and he couldn’t help but grin back. “I’ll walk with you while you finish up.”
Wanda didn’t make a sound, just continued watching him.
She shrugged, not bothered in the slightest. “They raised the prices over the weekend. Eight ninety-five.”
Rhodey gave a hearty laugh at that. “That’s what I like to hear. I’ve gotta go, but stay out of trouble. Love you Tones.”
Daniel Rogers did not believe that the Howling Commandos should be seen as simply a supplier of the greatest drug ever created, and he wanted more,
If possible, the man looked even more handsome this evening. He was still sporting the tight grey sweater with the casual jeans and boots, but had switched out his nice navy overcoat for a dark green army jacket. “Funny running into you here.”
It was partly why Bucky brought up the idea of art school. Before the whole “Captain” persona came about, Steve was always passionate about art. Whenever he could get his hands on a piece of paper or a blank canvas, he never failed to transform it into a thing of beauty. After all of the shit they had gone through, they both deserved to take a step back from the harsh realities that had become their lives.
Also, that impromptu kiss was taken from Teen Wolf (another guilty pleasure of mine), so I have no idea if it actually works.
“Next?”
Steve huffed out an annoyed breath and pinched the bridge of his nose. At the drive-through, he ordered for the three of them, paid, and handed out the food when he pulled up to the window.
Tony narrowed his eyes, leaning back minisculely into Thor, but his father felt the movement and tightened his grip. Tony called on his willpower to not wince.
Steve scooted closer to him on the couch and took one of his hands and gave it a squeeze. “Just talk to me, sweetheart.”
Sorry, I would have posted a bit earlier, but I had to wait for my Aggies to *barely* pull off the win this afternoon.
“They’re gone. There was a sign of a struggle outside of Tony’s meeting room. Air reeks of something sweet.”
“You will know exactly what you need to know.”
“Feel better?” Bucky asked with a sly, sideways glance at him.
“I know what the orders were,” He snapped. “They refused to go, they’re freaked out that the police are going to send them back overseas.” Clint’s voice softened, and he implored, “They’re just kids, Banner. They need someone to look after them.”
Bucky grunted his agreement and tapped a finger to his comm unit. “I would say we’ve got another hour and a half. Stay down until we give the signal.”
“It’s nice to meet you Pepper. I’ll have him back by eleven.”
And he had a
“There can’t be very many people who know that particular detail about him.” Bucky guessed, fist clenched in realization. “Someone who he trusts. I’ll look into it, Stevie.”
Steve took a deep breath in and returned Bucky’s smile. “I know, Buck. ‘Till the end of the line.”
And then Tony got it, and had to close his eyes to bite back on his frustration. Before he had learned that Steve was the
And then Steve had rushed in with Tony in tow, which was surprising enough on its own. Steve had been adamant that he didn’t want his boyfriend around the Avengers, at least not yet. Apparently, Tony was some kind of genius who was also from New York, so it wouldn’t take too much for him to put the pieces together. So it didn’t make any sense when they both appeared in the living room looking completely disheveled and disgruntled.
. If they were watching the genius, then it would be ridiculous to assume they had any sort of moral boundaries when it came to turning a blind eye to their activities in the bedroom. “I believe you, Hawkeye. I need to know who is watching Tony, and why.”
He peeked up at that hesitantly, cheek still pressed against his best friend’s stomach. “You won’t...leave me?”
And then Rogers smiled at him, bright and hopeful like he was able to read Tony’s mind.
And then the hospital called Steve, who was the emergency contact for both Sam and Bruce. There had been an accident. Which didn’t make any sense, of course, because they shouldn’t have left the goddamn house in the first place. But they would have to wait to get their answers because two of their team members were stuck in the ICU.
To his immense pleasure, Tony slotted himself into Steve’s space and wrapped an arm around his waist, maneuvering Steve’s arm up over his shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
.” Bucky whispered. “We’re living this life because we let ourselves be ruled by our hate and need for revenge. You’re better than that, Stark. You can be with us and still have a life outside of this.” He reached out to squeeze Tony’s shoulder. “You’re going to change the world, Stark, Lord knows Stevie told us enough times. Don’t let demons from your past destroy your future. Just...think about it.”
Finally, Steve broke the tense silence. “Guys, this is Tony.”
at the mention of his parents, Steve didn’t think it was in anyone’s best interest for them to step foot in Boston. “If Howard and Maria Stark think that they are going to come anywhere
It only took him about ten minutes to get to the store, hands stuffed into his pockets as he shifted from walking, lightly jogging, to a weird half-step that he didn’t even know where it came from. Tony decided to forgo a cart for one of the baskets and began roaming the isles, throwing in ten bags of flavored ramen, a massive container of Folgers, and a few frozen meals and pizzas before stopping in the cereal aisle to contemplate his choice between Honey Nut O’s and Fruity Floats.
(08/02 minor clean-up edits)
“Tony had nothing to do with that!” Steve snapped. If Bucky thought Tony was involved in the attack that took his arm, he would have to physically restrain his best friend from going after Tony.
“They’re kids, Falcon.” Clint argued, careful to use their aliases in the field. “Even if they are, you really want to take that chance? What if something like this happens again?”
“Excuse me?”
And Steve hadn’t been...
The man stiffened, looking down with wide eyes before carefully schooling his expression and hiding the hand back into his pocket. “Ah, yeah, I was. I accidentally caught it on a loose wire from a fence. I’ll clean it up when I get home."
Steve smirked, kissing him chastely on the lips again. “I’m right here. I missed you too, Mr. Carbonell.”
Tony blinked. Thor was an actual fucking
It was Clint’s turn to scowl. “What the hell does that mean? It’s what’s on his Driver’s License. It’s the name his apartment is listed under.”
of a document if I do say so myself.” Obie’s assessment of the end of his life was jarring, and Tony suddenly found himself very, very dizzy.
. It just wasn’t feasible, and there was no telling what might happen if they ever followed through with that.” He shook his head in disgust. “When I confronted the General about it, I was basically told to keep my mouth shut, and continue with my work. Even moved up the timeline on human experimentation.”
“Stark,” Bucky interrupted softly. Tony still couldn’t get himself to look up. “
He tilted his head slightly. “I mean if we were to let you go, what kind of plans do you have? Do you want to go to school? Get an education? Find a job?”
To his surprise, Bucky just smirked and leaned back in the chair, resting both hands behind his head. “I was wondering how long it was going to take for him to move in. I’m just surprised that you’re not the one going to his apartment. At least you wouldn’t have roommates to worry about.”
“What?” He rasped, the word coming out of his dry throat stale and cracked.
He wondered what happened.
Bucky snickered and they both hauled Thor upwards, then started making their way towards the van. “Something like that, kid. Get back to class.”
.” The sudden venom in his voice caused Tony to swallow thickly. But just as suddenly as it arrived, the harshness was gone, leaving behind the icy threat. “We’ve had our lawyers be sure to include clauses that require you to keep our current military contracts, and submit new specs and inventions every quarter. It’s a
“Fuck.” Bucky swore, and Steve wanted to be sick again. There was no doubt in his mind that Obadiah Stane had planted that bomb. He handed Tony over to Hydra like a pig to slaughter two months ago, and had just murdered Howard and Maria Stark.
“I like her,” Steve told him honestly. As long as she wasn’t romantically interested in Tony, he liked the idea of Tony having such great friends.
While he was wading through his feelings on Steve’s seemingly Don Vito Corleone alter-ego, he wanted to get more information on the Avengers.
, oh, oh, shit, Please, come on. Come on-
it. You shoulda seen the way she was looking at me. We was just playin’ a little game, you Shant. That pussy wanted-”
I've decided on a weekly update schedule. I'll try to have each chapter out on Mondays. Also, I'm sure you're expecting it, but it starts getting steamy in this chapter. Lots of sex to come in this fic.  (hehe.)
helping Sam and Bruce. He struggled weakly, trying to pry himself away from their tight grips. “Wait, no! My friends...they need help!”
