If John didn’t already know what serious trouble he was in, the relief that floods him at those words would certainly tell him.
"Shouldn't we? What if... I don’t know.” John gestured wildly with his toast. “What if I get hit by a bus tomorrow and the Times publish an obituary where it says that I'm survived by my husband, Sherlock Holmes? That would be a bit of a shock for Harry. And Mrs. Hudson would never forgive you for not telling her." He trailed off, because the thought of Sherlock alone in 221B, mourning for this hypothetically dead John, while avoiding Mrs. Hudson, brought back memories he rather avoided revisiting.
But when John’s face moves closer, Sherlock tilts his own upwards. Their eyes finally meet again and Sherlock tries to make sense of what he sees there – but Sherlock has never been good at this sort of thing. He still isn’t sure what John’s motives are. Revenge? Possibly. Frustrated arousal? Probably. An urge to allow something to happen that has been in the pipelines for years but could never come out – not until now? Maybe. Sherlock doesn’t know.
He's followed him into the room before John has turned out the lights., slipping into bed without a word. He's not using his phone this time around. He's just there. Lying stiffly under the covers.
It works - Sherlock lights up like a lightbulb (familiar with the case even if he has no idea who the minister in question is) "John, surely even you can see..."
“Oh, I’m not hungry,” said Sherlock, perfectly nonchalant, his eyes fixed on some distant point in the ceiling, as he sauntered towards the sofa.
When John finally opened his mouth to say everything that had been churning in his head for the last few hours he was a little surprised to hear what came out.
Sherlock was grateful to Rosie for making regular gurgling noises to jerk him out of these thoughts.
It had been an odd year, this. Filled with drama and horrors and unpleasantness. One of those years where you find yourself thinking again and again “surely things cannot get any worse than this?” and then they do.
Sherlock feels flushed and he’s sweating. His heart is thundering and his mind is racing. One layer of it is trying to calculate the airplane’s precise location based on flight duration, speed and wind. Another layer is sorting out everything it has on file about A.G.R.A. for the meet-up with Mary, learning the layout of the city, going over a few language lessons. Making plans and back-up plans and alternate plans. But the strong undercurrent of his mind, threatening to drown everything else out – that’s all John.
But damn, he doesn't relish telling her about the latest fuck ups in his story. The whole thing is becoming ridiculous. “The whole thing” being the entire life of John Watson, for crying out loud.
He knows it won't be the last time. He knows that eventually he'll need to come back and empty it. Even if he finds a charity willing to clear it out in exchange for everything in it, he'll have to come back. But the act still has an air of finality to it.
But still, John made do. He trudged on, hell-bent on holiday cheer. He couldn't even understand why Sherlock was being such a Grinch about it - he hadn't been the last time they'd been living together. But now he seemed to have an angry bee in his holiday bonnet.
When Sherlock’s mouth starts raining kisses on his neck, John tumbles over the edge. He clenches around Sherlock's finger and comes all over his fist.
“No,” John felt vaguely horrified. "No, it's... It's just for us. I thought, you know, with the weather being crap and all that we could use a nice, hot meal. Here. Without having to leave the flat. That's all."
"You are." John took a fortifying swig of wine. "And I was actually thinking today about how little I know about you."
John squeezes his hand again, as the lights come back on and passengers all around them start stirring.
But several of his girlfriends HAVE told him that he's a great and considerate companion for Sherlock, so maybe he shouldn't change anything? (He’d always considered this comment nothing more than an irritated jibe from soon-to-be-ex girlfriends, and it’s worrying to be suddenly taking it at face value)
"You don't find it curious at all," she says with a smile that reminds him of the old Mary. Cheeky and knowing at the same time. "You know exactly why I do it. You know that dropping in and out of an accent for no good reason is a bad idea. You're just deflecting. Badly."
Carefully and almost reverently - breathing fast like he did in that stupid wardrobe - he finally (finally!) leans down and kisses John.
"Wasn't really suited to a life of crime - probably good for her to realise that now rather than later."
She, infuriatingly doesn’t reply, but rather gives him one of her more patronising (is it bordering on pitying?) smiles.
Isn’t it pathetic, Sherlock thinks to himself, that this clumsy, emotionally murky incident is the best thing that has happened to him?
“Probably safer like this,” he whispers. Sherlock nods, as he leans in for another kiss. He feels more alert, now, able to take in their surroundings. No one seems to have noticed them, but the flight attendant keeps a weather eye on them. The small wiggle of her hips suggests she hasn’t been unmoved by the display.
John is still trying to see clearly, but he knows he needs to do something other than twitch there on the bed. He needs to show Sherlock exactly what John thinks of him. Needs to show him just what a man like him deserves after such a performance.
I'm not a native English speaker and I did not have a beta for this piece, so I'm fairly sure there are several mistakes in the text. I'd be very grateful if you'd point them out to me.
The wardrobe is small. Really small, and it’s a cheap IKEA number, so it probably isn’t very soundproof either. This is really, really bad.
And - John Watson is not gay, a small part of him points out from the back of John's head. Not gay at all. Does not want to "come out" to Harry, goddamn it, does not want Mycroft as a brother-in-law, does not want to deal with Mrs. Hudson's squeals of joy, does not want to be known as Dr. John Gay Watson to all his friends.
“Well, a little…” John coughed, “a little intimate, perhaps, but we are, I’m given to understand, married. Hardly out of bounds for a couple of married people, is it?”
John covered his eyes with his hand and sighed. As much fun Sherlock could be when he was tipsy, he was much more fun when they were both tipsy. And really – this was several drinks past tipsy.
John feels real and solid. His skin is warm and he smells of cheap whiskey and Rosie and these products he has suddenly started to use in his hair. And it all feels much more…. physical than Sherlock had dared dream.
“Not to worry, it’ll stay between just the two of us. We…” Sherlock takes another sip of water. “We can pretend it never happened.”
He almost wanted to go to an ice-skating rink but that idea stranded on him not having a suitable partner for the venture, and middled aged men on their own in the skating rink were members of a demography John preferred to avoid.
Sherlock is so long and so lean, and John allows his hands to drift from shoulder blades down to his impossibly narrow waist where he encounters warm skin underneath Sherlock's thin t-shirt.
"Mhm?" Sherlock is buried in a local newsletter from Anglesey (in order to know a stupid amount of things, he needs to read a stupid amount of stupidly obscure things) and doesn't look up.
. Sure, there was this piece of paper between them, but that didn’t change anything. Shouldn’t change anything.
Sure, he knows all sorts of things about her twisted little mind. The usual stuff, with people of her ilk. The intelligence, the thrill of the game, the addiction to danger, the almost sexual response she has to deception.
Sherlock is in his chair, across from John, his hair looking artfully tousled (his deduction about "Jim from IT" flits across John's mind. People who put product in their hair must be gay, indeed), browsing on his computer. Suddenly he looks up.
His fingers are trembling, just a bit. And he can see that Sherlock is awake and looking at him. But neither of them moves, apart from John's hand.
And it wasn’t a conscious decision, John thought, when he started cooking a really nice meal for the two of them. He wasn’t laying the ground for some serious conversation, a proper heart-to-heart. But he had to admit when finished his vegetable curry and found himself making some fancy rice with more ingredients than one to go with it that it was turning out like that. He even had some dough rising in the sink, all prepared to become naans.
"Well, no, I imagine you two trying to get married in Saudi Arabia would have brought a host of problems, other than the one we're currently facing." Mycroft said.
"Mhm?" Sherlock was pouring over some journal he’d picked up from a used bookseller, which he and claimed that held fascinating data on beekeeping in the nineteenth century. Clearly, bees that had been dead for a hundred and fifty years held more interest than John did.
He caught on and he joined John. And for several long minutes, they stood there, Sherlock still facing the wall, breathing together. Catching their breath. Calming down.
Sure, they'd been domestic before. Before the fall, before Mary. They'd shared meals, quibbled over bills, spent time together and fought about household chores. But somehow, retiring together to bed every night has made it all feel even more intimate. And after finally offering Sherlock the chance to break his silence, last night, their friendship feels relaxed and close again.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “God, John, have we finally managed to make a cynic of you? I almost feel bad.”
"Sure." John liked it when Mycroft’s projects took them abroad. Suicide missions to Eastern Europe aside.
Eye contact was completely beyond him. But looking away seemed like such a failure that his gaze settled instead on Sherlock’s lips. That was a nice compromise, wasn’t it? His lips. They seemed nice, those lips. Plump. Just, a really solid pair of lips. Nothing to complain about there. John could just keep his eyes on those and he’d get out of this situation.
In the evening Lestrade calls, and Sherlock decides to take the case, even though it's barely a five, because he'd been wanting to get samples from an interesting ditch in the area.
They'll be fine. They'll be just like they were before. John will move back in, they'll solve cases and John will blog about it. And soon Mary will be nothing but an unpleasant memory.
“Sherlock?” John lowered his voice and infused it with as much authority as he could muster. “Can you tell me what’s wrong? Because if you can’t, I think you should go to bed.”
This is his elegant solution. To give Sherlock the opportunity to ask John to kindly sleep somewhere else tonight. To take his erections and his snuggling and his nightmares to his own bedroom, thanks.
He hardly notices when Sherlock removes the bottle of lube from his hand. He does notice, however, when Sherlock's finger joins his mouth. And he absolutely notices when a long finger slips into him, easily, and Sherlock's mouth finally leaves him.
They’d moved from casual banter and into… something else. Because now the silliness was gone from the conversation. The levity had evaporated.
He's working through his issues. He talks to Ella about his marriage. And what it does to a person with trust issues to find out that their spouse is little more than their imaginary friend. And he's working on his feelings about his daughter (although he politely declined Ella's offer of finding him a support group).
“Right. Of course.” Does that mean that he did? Because Janine was seriously hot, and it would be perfectly understandable if Sherlock did go for it. Anyone would’ve. And it would be good to know that Sherlock isn’t completely averse to… Things like that. Although the thought makes him slightly sick.
But this is the great thing about having gone back to Baker Street, rather than finding a new flat. There is nothing to decide. John's things obviously go into the room that's known as "John's room." Nothing to think about.
He feels… well, aroused, mostly. But also quite emotional. The haze of lust does in these, frankly, sordid circumstances not manage to overshadow the magnitude of the moment, the weight of it.
John has, to his surprise, started feeling it’s quite normal to wake up in bed with Sherlock Holmes.
John almost feels like he's a part of a puzzling crime scene and the thought feels arousing rather than disturbing - and isn't that typical of them?
"Well, as Sherlock rightly points out, these are barbarians masquerading as a civilised nation,” Mycroft said with a curl of his lip. “I'm afraid I couldn't promise anything,” he added, somehow managing to convey a shrug without moving a muscle apart from his eyebrows.
Sherlock is on the verge of pointing out that Mrs. Hudson is right there in the building, ever willing to help with things that are none of her business, but thinks better of it. He mustn't allow Mary to draw him into this moronic conversation.
"I hope you’ve thought about what I said," she says as she removes her hat and settles into her seat.
"No, something from my inbox. If you're really set on going back to that horrible place tomorrow, we need to do something interesting tonight."
The alcohol had made his mind sluggish and difficult to manage – and yet the drunkenness seemed to open up some possibilities that hadn’t been there before. He had a feeling Sherlock knew where this conversation was headed, but he certainly didn’t.
But tonight everything still felt magical and beautiful. This odd, in-between time hovering between Christmas and a brand new year stretched out between them. It felt like they were floating in a place that didn’t properly exist. A place of immunity.
His breathing is erratic and his throat feels tight. And through it all… John holds him. One hand is still hidden under the coat, but the other one wraps around Sherlock, his cheek rests against Sherlock’s forehead and he just… holds him. Like he can understand just a little bit of what happened. Like he cares.
Sherlock doesn't know what she means by this. Is she trying to make him feel guilty about the Fall and all that came after? And if she is - why?
Then he went back to work. As people do, after a traumatic event. The world keeps on spinning. People need their warts removed and their rashes looked at. And while John isn't much use as a person these days, he can at least remove warts.
He could also get drunk. Seriously drunk. Puking and pissing all over himself drunk. Harry-levels of drunkenness.
By doing so they showed enough of their hand for Mycroft and his lot to ferret them out. The last operatives were… persuaded to fill in the last pieces of the picture Sherlock had already assembled of the whole web. Everything is obvious now. Even Mary’s role in it all. And that’s why she’ll be sneaking off sooner rather than later.
Well – that’s a lie – but that laughter helps them pretend that it is. And that’s good. That’s glorious.
Somehow, it did. And it was driving John mad. The safe haven that was 221B felt claustrophobic, and he found himself avoiding going home, choosing instead to linger over paperwork at the clinic or stopping at Mrs. Hudson’s before braving the stairs to the flat.
"I'm not sure," says John, and finally lowers himself back onto his pillow. "Probably. I wasn’t really listening."
“Indeed.” Sherlock eyed the cage standing on a plastic sheet in the corner. The pet otter that Mycroft had sent them for the holiday splashed happily in his abundant pool.
Sherlock holds himself rigid and doesn't look at John. Which is good, because John can feel that he’s gone bright red there in the darkness.
And once they were sat at the table, John could really tell how long it had been since they'd done anything this deliberately intimate.
And that - just that - has answered all the questions John might have had. Because now they're finally on the same page, and Sherlock does want what John wants and he can't help but smile like an idiot before he launches himself across the bed, flinging his arm across Sherlock's chest, burying his face in the crook of his neck, allowing his lips to caress the warm skin there.
Sherlock stands perfectly still in the living room. The silence is unnatural for a man who usually has no filter between his brain and his mouth. But then Sherlock has been displaying unusual restraint in the verbal department lately.
Now that Sherlock was independent again, the proximity was gone but the awkwardness was not. If anything, it was worse, because now John was thinking about being close to Sherlock rather than having to endure being close to him.
Probably not. The marriage has, then, in fact never existed, so the dissolution of it is therefore non-existent as well.
And yet, John has started to doubt his repeated assurances to Ella. He isn’t quite sure that the best part of his relationship with Sherlock is how they don't talk about things.
He leaned forward in his chair, until his knees tipped over and onto the floor. In another situation with someone else, John might have waited for Sherlock to make the final step. He might have sat there and watched him struggle, thinking that this was Sherlock’s move and he wouldn’t interfere.
"And this little philosophy of yours isn’t something you think I should "find out for myself?" when I, supposedly, embark on a sexual relationship with your husband?"
all along that Sherlock was sorry. Sherlock had started apologising for this before John knew what had (or rather, hadn't) happened. That wasn't new.
John and Sherlock move slowly and silently in the wardrobe, trying to fit themselves together in the tiny space, finding a position that might be sustainable for a while. Because head-gangster out there sounds as if this is going to take a while.
He seems pleased. Happy, even, as he leans forward and kisses Sherlock one last time before he disappears into the lavatory to clean up.
But if he felt disgusted then he might want to... Well, he might not want to go to sleep with John. Tonight. If he noticed (and how could he not) the state John was in, he might now be worried about his virtue when sharing a bed.
Now, however, every touch seemed charged with something more. John found himself dwelling not only on those, but also on previous touches.
"I'm not sure," John mutters, as he thrusts against Sherlock, "that we'll manage to cover quite everything in this go."
In fact, he had rarely felt more alone than he had in the two days since he'd learned that he'd been assigned a companion until death (or the barbarian lawmakers - whichever came first) did them apart.
“By the way,” John gasped between kisses, “I really don’t think that Santa would’ve taken offense at this, no matter the time of year. Christ, do that again.”
They've never discussed this before. John has never asked, Sherlock has never offered. But John knows that if it's one thing Sherlock Holmes thrives on, it's an audience.
c) If John decides this is all a horribly bad idea - does he have to break up with Sherlock Holmes? (Because John isn’t eager to try sex-less life as a permanent lifestyle choice.)
that get each other off in airplanes. He always knew that if they ever crossed this line it would be so that they could move from “friends” to “more.”
They stumbled together into Sherlock’s bedroom, and standing within Sherlock’s most private place in the world John felt almost overwhelmed with the potential of the moment.
Work is shit, his family (such as it is) is shit, his home, filled with relics of his failed marriage and his dead baby, is shit - everything is shit. Everything except coming home in the evening and finding Sherlock there, silent, dependable and slowly (did he imagine it was happening subtly?) turning John's (Mary's) kitchen into a make-shift lab. And then going to bed with him.
"Well, in short, there is an unfortunate legal loophole regarding foreign nationals getting married there. It seems there was a small oversight."
“Did you know that three of the last five women you’ve swiped on Tinder are married – or do you just not care?”
"It's curious," he says instead, "that up here, where no-one can hear us, you still use your English accent. Even though we both know that it isn't yours."
“I could ask you to do all the shopping for a month, but...” Sherlock shrugged. “You already do that, don't you? Should I ask you to give me free access to any one of your possessions? Because that would be pointless - I hardly consider limited access to be a problem as things stand.” John glared at him.
He sighed, downed the rest of his beer, and made his way home. He needed to get his head around this.
"Oh, Sherlock, stop. You know this sort of thing doesn't work on me. I know you're curious. I know this is something you're willing to listen to. You've always been willing to stop to consider John."
He can see him in the window as soon as 221B is in sight. Tall, thin and holding his violin, playing something that John couldn't for the life of him recognize, even if he could hear it.
“Have you even considered what has been inside our oven?” Sherlock countered with. “Are you sure you really want to eat anything out of there?”
And while he’s thinking this, on another, deeper channel of his mind, Mary’s words are running on repeat.
"Ah, but wasn't that the point?" She waggles her eyebrows, as if they're not discussing her incarnation for life.
John was still a bit hung over, he hadn’t had anything for breakfast and he would like to get through this conversation and carry on with his Sunday. With proper holiday cheer, thank you very much.
“Yes, I’ll make sure to mention this aspect of the matter in my next email to the foreign minister, but as of now there is no news. I will let you know when there is.”
As John sat there, alone, and listened to Sherlock’s door close, he felt like he had missed something important. And he had no idea what.
When Sherlock gets into bed a few minutes later, John doesn't turn towards him. He does, however, edge closer to the centre of the bed until they're touching from shoulder to toe.
“It’s for sex, Sherlock,” John ground out. “Not to find the love of my life. If they are cheating on their husbands that’s their problem – not mine.”
The cheery Christmas music John had been listening to as he baked the damned cookies was still playing in the background. The room was softly lit by a string of lights that John had placed in a pile in the corner and then plugged it in – intending to do something more ambitious to it later.
His eyes slowly got used to the darkness in the flat and as he stared into the shadowy living room he realised that someone was staring back.
To be fair, he hasn't ever been a great boyfriend. According to some people. His ex-girlfriends, mainly. Even Mary, who consented to marry him, often cheerfully told him that she was the one keeping the whole relationship going, and John had agreed with her.
"As I said, it’s not about what he likes and what he doesn’t – it’s more fun for you to figure that out for yourself anyway – but just a reminder not to neglect it. Lots of people do, you know, and that’s a shame. It’s not just something that’s a part of the foreplay, it’s just as good as the main course."
With one, swift movement, John had him up against the wall. He twisted the arm he held behind Sherlock’s back and allowed Sherlock to feel – perhaps for the first time – just how much stronger John was.
It's as if the moment in the wardrobe never happened. Sherlock magics them a taxi and they return home. Sherlock (after a bit of prodding from John) calls the Met to tell them everything he knows about the gang and their current "project."
Sherlock isn't so sure about that. John will be furious that he fell for Mary. He'll be furious that he's feeling hurt, in spite of everything.
Thank you for reading! I haven't written any fanfic for a while but I had enormous fun combining all of my favourite tropes in this little fic :)
was both the consulting detective and the client. He was sure he had all the evidence – it was just a matter of lining it all up and connecting the aforementioned dots.
John stopped. He was standing right next to Sherlock, not saying a word, not touching. He took a deep breath.
He can't really bear the idea of staying there, with memories of Mary in every room, with Sarah, with Nurse Idiot and the rest of them. He'll do his walk of shame and return tomorrow - but it'll be easier to do that if he knows that he's taking steps to get out.
Besides, if she asked John he'd tell her that Sherlock had never once been considerate towards him in all their years together.
"Oh, I agree," said Mycroft. "Quite barbaric. But my contacts at their foreign ministry assure me that they'll correct the matter at the earliest opportunity. It turns out that they've been aware of the problem for quite some time. It's all rather embarrassing for them."
But then he stops thinking about anything as chairs scrape floors and the possibility of any of those goons having a coat in the tiny little wardrobe in the corner of the room becomes frightfully real.
Should he start buying Sherlock flowers? Kissing him goodbye as he leaves the flat? Offering him the larger slice of pie at lunch? (No, let's not get ahead of ourselves, John tells himself. Sherlock hardly eats anyway - he wouldn't even want the larger slice.)
“Ah, look who didn’t delete Christmas songs! Now, that proves that you think Santa is important. This is positively sweet!”
“Any of the above?” John said as he stood up and started gathering plates off the table. He carried the plates towards the sink, and when he turned around to fetch the rest he was faced with his best friend, who was looming right in front of him.
Afterwards, John could admit to remembering only catches. Snippets and glimpses of the battle. He heard about everyone banding together, driving the rebels from their base and managing to only lose two or three men in the process (Barnes turned out sadly to be one of them. John found his dinner went cold after it was announced at the mess hall, whispered amongst the ranks). He learned that both Mike and Molly were safe, and were even congratulated as they'd helped stitch back together one of the captain's after they'd taken a mauling to their arm. All in all, the death count was markedly higher on the enemy's side, and the base had managed to take exactly one prisoner, the rest killed in battle or having retreated. It was strange, John thought, how he felt a spark of sick triumph at the news that the
as they were slitted in agony. The army doctor saw the crack, his heart stopping as his eyes tracked its length, from one end of the egg to the middle of it. It tore through him, leaving his chest feeling as though it were wet and fragile like tissue held under water.
man before him would go to in order to gain Sherlock's faith. John was offering a way to run, and even if it was a slim chance, had it been anyone else the Dragon may have taken it.
“I… Th-thank you. For that. Cheers…” His voice trailed off into painful silence, and the Water-Spirit saw how John’s eyes continuously glanced at his large hands, as if he expected Sherlock to strike him. The Water-Spirit shrugged wordlessly in acceptance of the thanks, cool gaze piercing as he turned and placed the chain onto the floor. With a snap of his fingers, the silver links disappeared, and the darkly-curled being turned back around and began to methodically make his place in the bed.
Slowly, Sherlock nodded. He held out his mobile, which John could now see the screen of. Squinting, he could make out a text message, from an unknown number with emoticons written in. It was the sort of text that looked like it belonged on an advertisement involving teenagers.
“Good, John. When I count down from five, I want you to picture yourself in a room. Some place that is safe for you. A haven. Five....Four.....Three....Can you picture it? Good. Two.....One....”
that normally kept the veil of his Human façade stuttered with his anger. For a moment, John glared at not the normal image of the curly-haired detective, but a red and onyx dragon, snakelike and seething with its wing-tips quivering in suppressed, manic energy.
John flinched when something shattered right next to his ear, sending tinkling, bell-like vibrations over Mike's voice. His friend was practically sobbing on the other line.
was already sinking deeper into himself. He leaned forward slightly, hands clasped between his knees.
Sherlock didn't know what to make of this strange Human, that didn't refer to himself as 'Master' like the others did that had tried to break him. In fact, most things the strange man had done so far had gone against all of the Dragon's past experiences, leaving him feeling strangely off-balance and desperately confused. He clicked to himself in irritation of the discrepancies.
The little boy felt his eyes sliding shut against his will, the soothing lullaby seeping into his bones. Sherlock's hands left him, but John still felt his presence, lingering for a moment by his side. He was so tired all of a sudden, so heavily and endlessly
Not when the detective looked ill just from eating fried potatoes and was scratching the inside of his wrists as if he might like to shoot up, or worse, cut.
face. Setting the tray down on the table, Sherlock resolutely stood in front of John, spindly arms crossed over his chest in a gaze that was thunderous.
gently along towards the stairs. Blissful white noise filled John's head, and for just a moment if he closed his eyes, he could imagine that this was what relief felt like.
Sherlock’s wings blotted out the moon, the pale rays splashing down his back and turning raven hair blue. He was unnaturally soundless, a gift of his own magic as he drifted towards the human settlement near his territory, sharp eyes making out the shadows of the men keeping watch.
the shifting of scales about him as he sat crouched, his knees tucked against his chest and his tail curling about him in the darkness. His collar choked him today more than usual, as he was tucked into the furthest corner of his cage.
“I want all medics who are not taking care of high-risk patients out on the field. Take a med pack if you don't have yours on you. Weapons are in the back. I want a CO other than me informed that we need back-up.”
Frowning, Sherlock resisted the annoyance that bloomed in his thoughts. It would not do to have John weaken and die from hunger, and though the immortal beings of Sherlock’s kind didn’t need sustenance very often, humans did not last long without it. His bride was being stubborn, and it was utterly inexcusable, despite the fact that he might be upset. After all, mummy was due to arrive at some point within the mortal week (Spirits and Gods often struggled keeping track of time) and she would be absolutely furious should she find out that Sherlock had been neglecting his duties as a husband.
The Detective scowled just a little in thought, trying to work out exactly how to go about the dancing game he was playing with a personality that seemed to be fairly bright, not to mention determined to remain as defensive in all ways without coming across as overly dangerous. It was a smooth act, only broken by the fact that Sherlock had
Scottish lilt smooth, the man took John's seat and brought the teacup to his lips, taking a sip of orange pekoe before setting his dish back down upon the table. He spoke without any kind of pomp or preamble, and as he talked his hands came to rest on his knees. Hands clasped together and folded themselves, right thumb over left.
He got nothing out of Sherlock Holmes that evening, no explanation of Iolite's words or even hissed insults to get him to go away. Nothing except a quiet explanation for Molly’s rage in the middle of a sulk. It was mumbled into the back of a sofa, Sherlock having chosen to curl up in his dressing gown tightly. He looked like a pill-bug, and John very nearly didn’t hear his words at all, lost as he was in a cup of tea and his own broiling thoughts at Iolite’s confession.
“Yes, well. I was pretty desperate, back then. One becomes so when they realise that the only way they might survive is to be even more cruel than the cruelty that has been handed to them.”
times more informative than any pamphlet he had ever seen, and provided the answers to hundreds of questions that John hadn't even
When she was twelve, Shyla had been scared. Very, very scared. For staining her pyjama pants one morning had been the very horror she had dreaded since she had looked up the female anatomy, and it showed to her the final proof that she couldn't escape from or deny:
“I don’t understand,” John said, because it was about as simple a summary of his thoughts as he could get. Mycroft sighed, seeming to silently weigh invisible figures before him. Whatever the result, he straightened to stare up at the ceiling for what seemed like an eternity before speaking again.
John trailed off, staring into the liquid depths of his cup before seeming to gather up the courage to continue.
Their daughter had been moving inside the egg for a while now. Nearly months. Such wiggling had gotten so profound, so intense, that Sherlock was often having to watch the egg, ensure its safety lest it was propped in a high place.
John’s thoughts, chaotic and unpredictable as a typhoon, were interrupted by the very deliberate sound of his name being called out tentatively from the upper room.
He grew steely in heart and gaze when insults were thrown his way, and by secondary school could effectively dish out whatever was given him with such vitriol that grown adults would flinch. He was unbreakable, impenetrable, and reveled in the sense of being in total control of his own life and fate. He had craved that kind of illusion of independence, and more than anything, he despised relying on another. Even if every once in awhile, his foolish brain would crave to be touched by another person, or to be called endearments by his parents, he got by. He ignored the sensation, drowned it out with addictions and experiments, so that he could maintain his wings. So he could fly freely, unhindered by something as painfully simple as sentiment.
Posting a chapter a little bit earlier than I would have usually ^_^ Hope you all enjoy! This is where the plot actually starts rolling! :3 Many thanks to my fantastic beta Neverwhere as always for editing and being a generally amazing individual! :D
Now, standing in the foot of the kitchen and peering into the livingroom, John found himself rather starved for looking. His eyes couldn’t seem to pull away from Sherlock’s true form, Tanzanite dancing barefoot nearly soundlessly, the chairs pushed to the side to make room for the sweeping kick outwards the Gem made. Her movements to John could almost hark back to ballet, gentle and delicate and all about balance as she shifted to the ball of her right foot, hovering an instant before somehow melting into a fold that made the army doctor’s leg twinge in sympathy. Sherlock listened to no music, but Tanzanite moved in precise rhythm, the steps counted out so strictly that even someone as musically-challenged as John could see it within each step. The indigo tinge of her skin glowed in the lamplight, and the dark fan of her eyelashes seemed longer to John, half closed as they were.
John spent the rest of the walk feeling like an idiot, and wishing he could take back words that were still only half-formed on his own tongue, lingering in the back of his throat like acid and making him feel only disgust for the human race. Disgust, and cold, cold fear.
John laughed, tossing his head back and sitting on the floor. Sherlock looked at him like he was half-mad, wing-tips tingeing a confused, mottled shade of calico before the soldier got the breath to reply.
saw the hand that touched him without permission, cupping his chin and tilting his face upwards. Unwillingly a memory flashes darkly in Sherlock's mind, and his tail appeared to swish in discomfort even as he worked hard to control is
After all, without Victor, Sherlock didn’t exactly have very many places to go. That night, lying on his back in the bathroom with the sting of freshly-made cuts on his legs and a singing high in his veins, Sherlock closed his eyes for the first time and imagined what it might be like to not exist.
“As you all are aware, this is your last night in London.” Her serious tone sobered the group firmly, forcing them to look at their future with grim faces. The lieutenant kept her chin raised, dark brown eyes cool and professional as she gestured to Cerioth. “From this point on, you are not just Man and Dragon. You are a functioning pair, a unit, and at the compound you'll be trained as such.”
Daniel's eyes narrow, mouth drawing into a thin line. It is the only indication at all that he is affected by the man's words.
Shifting slightly, she sat up to move closer to him, fingers reaching out tentatively. An unsure expression crossed her face, but when Sneak wordlessly held out his wrist for her to see it smoothed over to determination. He watched in silent curiosity, expression cat-like and vaguely amused. He didn't really know why he was letting her touch the scars, and supposed an actual
The Dragon's chest momentarily swelled with shy pride, scales simmering to a slightly smug dark blue before turning grey with worry.
John climbed on, and just as he settled himself into the harness, strapping his legs into place, he felt the rushing roar of Sherlock’s massive wings unfolding, blocking out the sun itself with their length.
. At first he had considered some of his favourite rock albums (ACDC, The Who, he even had a couple of songs from My Chemical Romance) but then decided against it as he felt the creature would probably find the ripping guitar solos grating and somewhat offensive. Then, he had considered just turning on the radio to one of the trashier pop stations, but quickly discarded the idea with distaste. Mostly because if John felt like he needed to punch someone after he spent an hour being forced to listen to crappily autotuned show divas (Harry had a thing for blasting her radio at all hours of the night when she had still been living at home) then he imagined that Sherlock would very well eat him out of spite.
a knife from its home in The Skull, only to bury it hilt-deep into the rectangular cardboard. The game hung limply against the wall , displaying his anger with himself.
The pieces then came together for John, and he breathed sharply through his nose, blue eyes widening.
The soldier carried on after a breath of air, licking his lips nervously even as some of his confidence softened into care.
Sometimes, John thought it sounded like his mother. Other times, it sounded more like Sherlock. He kept trying to cling to its sound, whomever it was. Sometimes, John felt like his fingers almost found a hold. Other times, it slipped away from him, and eel slithering away back into dark water.
The man’s newly acquired softness hadn’t rounded away his quick sense of humour, and soon John found himself smiling, the first true smile in a long time that hadn’t felt forced and false. Feeling unusually social, John admitted quietly the reason for his worries, the barest sketch of his army pension problems and his isolation. He tapped his cane as he spoke absently, silently resenting the thing and his damn bum leg.
. The events of last night made it obvious to John that he could no longer feign ignorance to his condition, and no longer insist Sherlock do the same. If he was a threat to himself or others, he had always promised he'd do what he could to make sure his other selves couldn't act on their desires.
Sherlock folded his hands in front of his lips, eyes fluttering closed in brief thought. Then he refused to linger on the implications of the statement and moved on. He was unwilling to allow this personality to regain any sense of balance in the hope that it would make him give away more than he had antincipated.
Irene had run so far, that she’d come to the edge of the woods on the other side of the fields. She had gone past the cherry tree, and further still, until she had reached trees that no longer looked like human hands had touched them. There was a dull roar, the distant sound of a river swollen and flooding. She stopped here, some instinct telling her that to run blindly into the woods was to invite a twisted ankle.
In the morning, Sherlock either didn't remember or didn't care to bring it up. Certainly, he appeared neither weak nor vulnerable in declaring his thoughts on meeting with Dodge.
inside the creature… That John felt a foreign feeling of fascination crawl over him, like the ghost of a breath against the back of his neck.
“Jim Moriarty. John's most volatile personality, and quite possibly the most clever. A consulting criminal, first appeared in John's early childhood but due to laboratory experiments only became fully formed in his late teens. A ghost. A pariah and a whisper amongst even the highest government officials. Because no one has ever seen his face. Yes, I've known it was you, shortly after meeting you, actually. Word of advice, the flat is always bugged despite Sherlock's efforts to clean it. He's never thorough enough, so I've been witness to some of your more... nocturnal activities.”
The other man, the one John hadn’t met yet watched the entire exchange in a reptilian sort of way, his grey eyes flat and at a glance appearing rather bored with the entire affair.
John chuckled, nodding his ascent even as beside him Sherlock flicked his tail in flat disapproval. The colour of the creature's scales was a sulky sort of grey, like a storm-cloud.
were they shouting? His bare toes curled around the lip of the step, his hands half over his ears as his father's familiar voice roared over the rain that fell steadily outside.
The Others began to shift in renewed impatience. They wondered if the person they had decided to trust had so abruptly abandoned them. Daniel told them to be patient, but his words were drowned out by the clawing uncertainty.
At that same moment, the slapdash collection of monitors watching John’s physical state began to wail in protest. Hajera whipped her head about to look, only to see the medics holding down the soldier’s convulsing form with an expectant air. There was a terrible, inhuman snarling coming from John’s lips, and his teeth looked nearly pointed in the dim light of the chopper.
with his bare hands, the shrapnel of it hitting him more painfully than any war wound could. The one he couldn't stare at for too long for fear he'd see how broken he
Everyone could tell, the collar about her neck was a dead give-away. It was industrial, metal and leather, and it was hooked to the leash the man held as if he stood a chance at stopping something like a Dragon from killing someone if he had a mind. Of course, the real security was the fact that John could see the electrical glow flashing in the ring about her pale throat, threatening shocks if she were to suddenly lash out and attack for some reason. Her eyes were as pale as a sky just before Dawn crests over a horizon, and her cheeks were high and angular. She had silver-blonde hair cascading down over her shoulders, and it had a slight wave as if suggesting it was used to being braided for battle. Rosebud lips were pressed into an unreadable line, and her pale skin was in stark contrast to the green-brown military uniform she wore. Upon feeling John's gaze upon her, she stared back. The young man saw in those eyes an empty sort of calculation, and he felt something in the back of his neck crawl upon those pale irises meeting his own. Though her face was blank, John got the distinct impression that she was not at ease. Her limbs may have been slack, but there was a feral way about her that seemed to make most people either eye her with curiosity as he had done or shrink away in fear.
Inside, Conrad was trying his best to control the rush of excited chattering inside his head. The noise came as he shoved John's computer amongst other meaningless crap off of the bed, flopping down on it and covering his ears in a vain attempt to end the endless noise reeling off in every corner of his mind. He hadn't actually deliberately shut the door in Sherlock's face, that had been Daniel, but there was no way to tell the coat-man that because already he could feel his hold on The Body beginning to slip. Except unlike usual, John was not Waking Up to take over. Making a mad scramble as several personalities wanted to handle the problem differently. He could feel Sneak pushing for a turn, as well as some of the youngers. Even
“Do you want anything?” Sherlock made towards the kitchen, already intent on hunting down the kettle and some ibuprofen. The stomp of his shoes on the floor sounded loud in the flat, but it wasn’t enough to drown out the exhaustion in his companion’s voice.
As he sang, Sherlock leant over the shallow pools in which he had made his Bondbite so many years before, staring at his own reflection in the water, pale and ethereal. Reaching out one long hand, Sherlock whispered a spell, uttering it into the darkness in a melody that reached John as if from far away, sweeping him and filling him, making his blood sing as if it had become saltwater, crashing on the moors.
Merry Christmas! Happy Holidays! :D I hope you all enjoy the New Year! Many thanks to Neverwhere as always for editing!
“All that rich living has made you soft!” Kate huffed up ahead. “Second born, second place after all!”
She had cried herself to sleep when Nubia killed Uluwehi, and cried harder when later Nubia was found face-down in the river as revenge from one of her older brothers. Rania hadn’t been able to understand how faces that were so similar to her own had been so capable of violence.
leave in the middle of the night. The covers were cool against his heated body, and he lay with his shirt still on the floor, his lightly tanned figure illuminated by the sunset setting a bloody red in the sky. His lover for the night propped herself on one elbow, watching the stranger she had met tentatively. Her eyes followed the contour of his spine, how his sunny blonde hair
“Ah,” Mycroft chuckled, although he didn’t sound truly amused “You’re one of those who claims they actually ‘enjoy’ strenuous physical activity, aren’t you?”
“I’m afraid John, they might be out of their depth.” Her eyes glowed luminously in the halo of the sunset, and for an instant, John felt a shiver down his spine, as if the old woman was seeing a sliver of events to come.
Sherlock wanted to say more, but to do so might cause the careful lines both men had drawn around each other to dissipate or tear. Frankly, Sherlock had dealt with enough stress for one night. He finally drew away with a small sigh, glancing once at the still guitar that rested by the window before turning back to his friend.
Biting his lip a little in consideration, the detective forced himself to calm, making sure to keep his voice pitched low. Confidence, that would convince John more than anything else. Confidence and honesty. He watched as John sucked in a small breath as Sherlock turned more fully towards him, one hand slipping down from his partner’s shoulder to graze along his abdomen. Sherlock kept his gaze fixed on his partner’s face, fingers teasing along the hem of the man’s pants, skimming the barest breath inside the waistband.
Sherlock huffed, eyes narrowing at being treated like a Hatchling even as his brow twitched with interest. John was rapidly discovering that though his Dragon liked to hide it, he had a massive sweet-tooth. The soldier wrapped the cloth around his hand a few times until it made a sort of glove, coming forward until he could kneel in front of Sherlock. The Dragon's voice rumbled in his head, irritable but at least willing enough to communicate.
Trips into the villages and the main city were often long and took meticulous planning and effort. Still they were necessary, as the military gained much of its supplies from local farmers. That was how John found himself loaded into the back of a truck, sweat already beginning to cling to the back of his neck despite the early hours of the morning. Sherlock for his part was more alert than John could ever hope to be at sunrise, pale blue eyes flicking over their patrol squad, seeming to silently catalogue each individual into his mental reservoir. The Dragon had spent the past few nights telling John all he had learned from mere observation, their mental link connecting them even as they both lay on separate beds, Bill already fast asleep across the room. Sherlock had been quick to point out many hidden tells, from Captain Benson's slight tick in his right hand (
The whiskered creatures were as slick as polished stone, ranging in colour from dark brown to cold grey. Dark brown eyes looked up at the two boys in mild interest, the seals filling the air with curious barks that sounded like a cross between a dog's and an asthmatic old man. They were large animals, bigger than John when fully grown, and yet there was a gentle nature to their faces that made the boy unafraid.
and having their Dragons kneel before them, subservience forced and wretched. Each time it happened John found himself flinching, looking away resolutely. He'd look up to find Sherlock's face, often transformed into his scaly and terrifying true form, gazing at him accusingly. Neither would speak of it though, especially not when, at the end of the day, they returned to their tent side by side, dusty and tired from running laps endlessly. Bill didn't talk to them on training nights, not that John blamed him. The man looked haunted, driven during teaching hours. Wilkes seemed determined to torment him, and though he wasn't often present for the actual teaching, he'd make sure Bill showed the group at least once how to mount properly before each lesson began. Who Sebastian was meeting with, John couldn't say.
He tasted the salt air, duller on this tongue, and yet cool as it raised bumps along his skin. He could feel fine hairs rise on the back of his neck, even as he made it to the hollow of the cove and knelt to touch the grains of sand and scoop them up for inspection. His eyesight, much better in the dark than that of a Human's, watched the grains weave and sift through his fingers for a moment before his attention was pulled in another direction. Shells littered the sand, creatures of his home long since died, their outsides smoothed by the ocean and left beautiful and strange. He picked up a shell inquisitively, burbling noises muttering from his lips as he rubbed its polished surface. Experimentally, he blew against it, and a sound both loud and alien emerged from its depths and he clicked and chattered in excitement. The other pups soon also made it to shore, and they made the most of this play date to explore their new forms and to inspect the land they had so often been warned away from.
He told himself that to be so was a blessing. Staring up at the ceiling, he sank his teeth into his lower lip, and willed himself to believe.
Greg’s brows furrowed under his silver hairline, pausing long enough to look at the detective for some kind of explanation. Sherlock took a deep, pained breath, his hands curling inwards on himself. The itch across his skin, a phantom craving to pick at his nail-beds and wrists made him tremble minutely. He mentally cursed his own fear- one would think that years and years of coming out to people multiple times would have made said anxiety diminish. Yet here he was, fumbling over words like he was a child again under his mother’s inquiring gaze.
, John. I think there's a tracking device in them. In all of them. But I don't think it ends there.” Rory rolled his eyes, but Marley's gaze was serious. Strangely enough, John noted how Sherlock watched her, interest hidden in the depths of his irises. Something calculating. He found himself leaning forward, expectant. When she spoke, it was with the heavy weight of a stone. Lieutenant Jones' voice was firm with belief, unwavering. When she finally spoke, John felt his heart suddenly plummeting into the pit of his stomach.
“You should sleep in your room tonight. Tomorrow will go.... smoother if you aren't hurting and grouchy.”
There was a pause, then the crowd parted to reveal a woman. Her hair was deep auburn, and her eyes were fierce as she glared silently at Irene. Her hands were clenched tightly at her sides. She spoke, and though her voice shook, she held her ground.
“T-two weeks?” She repeated blankly, the cup quivering between her palms. Irene’s captor hummed an affirmative, picking at the dish set between them with chopsticks.
The elder Holmes however refused to buy it just yet, if only because he could see the way Watson's hands twitched every so often. Still on alert, a wolf sleeping in sheep's skin.
“Having a temper tantrum now?” He retorted snidely, to which the Spirit snarled at him wordlessly. It felt good to hurt, John was itching for a fight and had been since he had come here. He wanted to draw blood, to hit something and make it bleed.  “Don’t like having someone point out your faults? Can’t stand to look at them too closely?”
But he knew in that moment, that somehow he shouldn't be sitting on a roof when all that he thought of as lies was observing the town square with what could only be described as cool and calculating distaste.
The army doctor’s gaze is fixated on his own bare arms, where healed but still visible scars mar skin that never seemed to fully pale after time spent in Afghanistan. John looked at them contemplatively, distantly, as if he wasn’t quite sure he was seeing them clearly. It made Sherlock’s chest tighten, because that gaze soon slid to him, and John’s voice was deathly quiet as he admitted to remembering creating this damage.
Claude's eyes widened when she took in how hastily the detective spun, picking up the skull from its innocuous place by the mantel and flinging it without hesitation towards the floor. The hollow sound of its thud reverberated through the floorboards and caused the little girl to shudder. Mr Holmes was scary when he was mad.
well, here we go! :P This took longer than I wanted it to for me to update, but it's finally here and I'm happy with it. Next chapter will be the meeting between Sherlock and John!
Faint as a breeze, his nose caught the scent of perfume on John’s clothes. He would later learn the scent had a name, as so many strange things did in this Human world of metal and order disguising violence:
Cursing softly, the John almost thought himself alone as he looked wildly about for some means of escape from his imprisonment. Except that in the next instant, he heard the muffled sound of arguments pooling from inside the hut that he knelt by. The sound of his own mother's tears made John's situation all the more clear to him, and he struggled anew even as he heard his father bark loudly at the priest that was no doubt trying to placate the pair.
before he could reign in the sharp, biting panic like a horse biting its bit. Clutching at his chest through the thin material of his sleep shirt, John panted, swallowing great, huge gulping breaths of air.
The little boy at first tried to shout, tried to have his voice leap over the sound of the rumbling thunder, but he was cold and weak as a drenched kitten and already he felt the clammy stick of salt water on his scalp and how his eyes burned with exhaustion. Words kept sliding into his head, his mother's voice taking on their accusing nature.
The final squad member was the only other newbie, and as such both he and John shared a small smile of camaraderie before shaking hands. John knew his name already, having heard it screeched across mess halls. Rory McLeod was known for being a troublemaker, as well as for having one of the few Dragons on the entire compound that was rather skilled in Explosives Magic. As a result, John had no issue identifying him, to which the young man laughed jovially, ginger hair tilting back with his grin.
He said the last bit as if he were spitting poison, grey eyes narrowed accusingly. They were the colour of a storm, and behind them John could feel the weight of someone well-accustomed to power. Dangling as he was off the ground, the ex-army doctor clawed at the hand holding him in place, rapidly realising that if he was not careful, he could very well end up being drowned once again. The Selkie hissed into his ear.
“My sister.” He said simply, pale brows lowering as John's tongue darted out to swipe at his lower lip in abrupt worry. Sherlock edged a little closer, curious at the abrupt shift in mood from hot to cold.
“You’ve never said anything about this before. It seems a bit sudden, doesn’t it? Is this a new trend that kids at school are trying, or are you just trying to
Now that Sherlock had given up hiding himself behind the massive protection of his wings, John was surprised to note that his Human form was actually quite tall and rather gangly. The thin side of slender. Though John wasn't exactly a giant himself, Sherlock's legs were
“What happened?” She asked, looking between John and Mycroft as if either of them might provide the answers. John, feeling his heart beating out of his ribs and nauseous, almost didn’t hear Mycroft’s reply. The frost-covered being stood, smoothly adjusting his silken robes to perfection. He tapped his parasol at his feet, and with the action a part of the floor became trellised with a snowflake dusting. His voice was dry.
The sand when it was kicked up by the car's tyres looked like faeries dancing. At least, this was what John thought as he looked warily out the window, clutching the velveteen middle of his stuffed hedgehog. Beside him, Harry snored softly, her neck no doubt being chafed by the seatbelt as she lay half-curled in the back seat of the car beside him. Her feet were digging into her little brother's kidney, but John didn't dare complain. If he woke her, he knew his parents would be annoyed. Already they were stressed from the long drive, and the eight-year old could tell by the way his father's knuckles clenched tightly about the steering wheel and how his mother stared resolutely out the window and sighed. Another argument, more shouting. More half-hearted accusations that John didn't wholly understand but knew were bad as they made his stomach twist in knots and his hands clench.
“Very good, Mr. Holmes. I protect all of the Alters as well as John, and act as a rational mind for them when under duress.”
his fear in a real, human way. He stared into his now empty cup, his voice feeling tight as he admitted quietly what he’d scarcely admitted to himself.
towards him. Not until now. Yet in Mycroft's eyes there was a remoteness, a cool kind of steel that shone like a blade over a chopping block. Delivering blow after blow, it promised to rend Sherlock into pieces. For a second, the detective felt a horrifying well of pity for the people he so often tore apart. Suddenly a victim, his skin felt lived under, touched by dirty and unseen hands.
The twisting path it took lead John to a part of the palace that felt neglected, decrepit even. The stone statues and vases seemed dusty, the tapestries lining the walls left to rot with time. The lanterns were unlit, casting everything into darkness save for punctuations of lightning from the windows. John shivered, suddenly uncertain if this had been a good idea. Yet the voice was still singing, and it felt like it had stopped deliberately avoiding him. He somehow knew he was close to wherever it had been trying to take him, like someone could be certain of a cliff’s edge an instant before they lost their footing.
“I looked for him of course, as did Victor, but neither of us could find him. I had much less resources at my disposal at the time, to be fair. My brother immersed himself in the homeless culture of London, and I didn’t find him for quite some time. By the time I had, he’d acquired testosterone by illegal means, yet not managed to kick his cocaine habit. It took Victor’s untimely death to even bring the man out of the woodwork, he had become so much like the waifs and rats that dwell in London’s underbelly. I barely recognised the man when he came to me. My brother... it changed him. Everything.”
John's face was light and shadow, monochrome and bright, starry-sky blue as his lips pursed reluctantly, and he gruffly murmured
care, then didn't that make him a target for enemies? The concept was something that made Sherlock at once compelled to shove John approximately five million miles away from them and draw him near at once.
Mycroft Holmes had pale eyes, nearly a colourless grey, and they had first looked at John flatly, twin pieces of flint mirroring all of the unimpressed disdain a government official could muster. They matched the jewel that crested the man’s forehead in an eerie similarity to Sherlock’s Gem- shining in the light and making John’s breath catch with its clarity. It was the colour of blue steel, sharp and teardrop shaped, and it was on clear display even though Mycroft chose a more humanoid form. Unlike the younger Holmes however, the man made no attempt to cover the Gem with a fringe of hair, instead choosing to keep his hair slicked back, attempting in vain to mask a receding hairline. John found himself unable to look away from the jewel, and he found his shoulder itching and the voice in his mind whispering thoughts that were not his own. Thoughts like
.” The nickname made Sherlock smile, though it was clear he was still grumpy. He settled for fidgeting with the ends of his cloak, picking at the soft fur lining.
He hated even as the years went on and the war started to turn- the Gems beginning to suffer under constant fire from humanity, beginning to grudgingly give ground.
Sherlock watched, holding his breath as large blue eyes looked up at him, seeing but not processing, the entire posture of his
At least, not the way John came to know it, the lilting and comforting tunes of Brahms lullabies melting away fear and terror for indigo comfort.
Getting shot had burned through him like a lance, and the fever made all of the personalities delirious and strange. Their mind was splintered, shattered it seemed beyond repair, and the man that emerged in John Watson’s skin was all of them and none of them at once.
It was as his mother had said, all those years ago when Moriarty’s curse had first been struck upon him. He didn’t deserve the title of God, if he couldn’t defend it.
Had anyone bothered to actually befriend the teen they would have found it common occurrence to see Sherlock stubbornly throwing away the food in his cupboards, getting rid of anything that might tempt him into eating.
John was apparently an irritable git who wasn't about to talk to him any time soon. Then he jumped as a horribly loud crashing noise sounded from behind the door, like the bed was being torn apart by its hinges.
What could John, a relatively honest man with a past history of military service, have done to make his brother so uneasy?
The man all but hissed through his teeth, scrubbing a hand over his face before glancing nervously in Sherlock’s direction. The detective merely arched his brow derisively at the D.I’s mildly apologetic look, voice rumbling with cutting irritation.
Within moments, he’d find himself leaning into Sherlock’s space, craving the detective’s touch and feeling a longing to make contact, to claim and own and
But that didn't make any sense, at least to John. Then again he was Human, so he supposed Dragons thought differently. Perhaps the creature had only known the small Cages of the Kennel, and this was how it responded to a larger space compared to his past ones. The thought sent a small spark of pity flowing through John's chest, but it was tiny when compared to his overwhelming relief at his life no longer being actively threatened. He sighed as he leaned his head back against the wall, shuddering with suppressed emotion that was flowing to the surface now that the wake of adrenaline-induced bravery had passed. He struggled to get his breathing steady, tears of alleviation threatening to fall even as he watched the beast cautiously, lowering his eyes whenever the Dragon's gaze snapped back to him as if to make sure he was still a quivering mess on the floor.
The fact was, Sherlock felt like he was drifting, and he wasn't sure what to use to keep him connected to reality. There were so many thoughts in his head, each one destructive and demanding. Like sitting in the eye of the storm, he felt like he was watching them all tear each other apart. He could only try to pluck one at a time from the hurricane, shelter one thought from the desolation. For some reason, the one he kept picking was at once brutally honest as it was horrifying.
trying something, an experiment that John approves of. I want to see... I want to know if I can get you and John and all the Alters working together, so that there's less... fighting. Inside your head. Would you like that, less fighting?”
thought in even remotely the same way he did. Daniel read the expression behind his eyes like a book, and in that moment was fiercely glad that so often they were underestimated.
“I’d invite you for tea, but something tells me you are uninterested. Please follow regulations on this floor, but feel free to explore if you feel well enough. If all goes well, you should be able to see John in twenty-four hours. Until then, anyone with an official name-tag knows to help you should you ask for aid, and knows what questions they can and cannot answer.”
Mycroft instantly resented the puppy despite himself, as Shyla fell in love with the dumb animal, caught in the thrall of his liquid eyes and fire-red fur. She lost much of her obsession with her brother, instead fixating on an audience that would never reject her theories or games. The pup would wag its tail and follow the girl about avidly, a second-in-command that for once only listened to the youngest’s commands.
The sun sinking on the horizon slowly turned everything ablaze with fire, and as the villagers collected together, John looked like a pale ghost, the paint streaking his cheeks and curling down his hands looking like blood. A warrior, tied but standing tall and defiant, his eyes flashing and daring anyone in the crowd to look him in the eye. A moment later, John found someone. Far to the back, Harriet stared up at him. Her friend Clara held her in place, but his sister's eyes were blazing with hatred and outrage, and John returned the gaze unflinchingly, showing the same emotions in his eyes. No one else dared to look at him, and distantly the young man realised that the women especially didn't risk their eyes to stray from the ground.
“You grew up in a relatively well-off household, but that's obvious, given the way you button your suit. In fact your clothes in general speak of upper class, and you haven't tried to hide it, so you identify and are comfortable in fashionable clothes.”
Without preamble the man shrugs, as if the question is just idle instead of probing. His pale blue eyes flick to gaze about the flat, smirking slightly as if he found something highly amusing. Sherlock watches him carefully, noting how his eyes come to rest in particular on the teacup John had set out for him earlier, then glancing over towards the mirror on the wall. His voice is carefully bland, but it niggles at the Detective's curiosity, nudging it to life despite the fact that Sherlock was stubbornly repressing it.
The drugs reduced him to the point that even if he was a freak, Sherlock found he couldn't much bring himself to care.
“If he's alive at all.” His brother's words were meant to be as gentle as the elder Holmes was able to make them, but still his younger brother flinched as though struck. The gravel tone of his voice was low and rumbling.
Sherlock paused in his exploration, before his lips found a resting place against the mark he had left John with before. Sherlock’s voice was a whisper, a vow that the Demon would keep to the end of his days. He licked a stripe along the mark, tasting ownership. Connection.
The round-faced boy sighed somewhat mournfully but didn't argue. He adjusted his glasses back onto the bridge of his nose before he replied
During dinner, Grandma cheerily bore the brunt of the conversation, engaging everyone out from the privacy of eating their meals in order to get the family interacting. Harry scowled a lot when asked about school, but she was surprisingly candid and not sarcastic with her retorts. The truth was most of the Watsons had a rather big soft spot for the old woman, and indulged her familial values with astonishing patience if not strained grace.
, and in the process lost his hatred for individuals, Gem or Human. He learned hatred for death, and that was what caused him on his third year in tour to try in vain to heal a civilian Gem that he had seen living in one of the many villages by the compound.
“I analyse generalities. Not nanobytes of a person’s life. I can’t tell you what grades you got in elementary school, although I can make an educated guess. I can’t tell you what you did at night in the care homes as a child. I can’t deduce every little thing that has happened to you since the beginning of your existence, John, but Mycroft can get the information.”
to keep him from it John, but you didn't see his expression!” Greg snapped, not willing to take the brunt of his friend's misplaced protectiveness “He was
Waiting for the creature's shrieking to die away seemed an endless sort of torment, and John had been too afraid to dare relax, fix himself a cup of tea in the stretches when he was awake. Sherlock had proven to have not only a set of lungs on him but a rather incredible determination, and John had listened with baited breath to the scraping of the bed frame being bodily nudged across the floor upstairs, dragging like harsh nails against a blackboard. Inch by inch, likely peeling away the polish of its surface to nothing. Yet it never moved more than a few inches, the Selkie's strength inhuman but not limitless. Sherlock would sing and scream and rage while he did this, and although John couldn't make out the words, muffled by the walls, he felt the pull of them in his gut. Weak, but still there. Like a tether wrapped about his waist.
“Need to get the powder burns out of your fingers. I don't suppose you'd serve time for this, but let's avoid the court case.”
Sherlock, having come to a half-crouch a few feet away from his flatmate, felt a small chill thrum through his veins. In the dark, Blue’s eyes were hyper-bright, chips of vivid ice that were as wild and untamed as the ocean itself. They tracked the detective’s movements like laser-points, John’s hyper-vigilance making the man appear like cat poised to run from a particularly vicious dog.
Several hours later, neither one of them were truly surprised to find themselves slouched into Shyla's bed, ignoring the world by using a covering of tangled limbs and blankets. It wasn't a day to go outside, not when Sherlock was fascinated by tracing the marbled patchwork of John's scar, and not when John was too absorbed watching his lover as she committed his skin to her memory.
As it was, the Chinese Dragon had stopped firing long ago, eyes also fixed on John. Dodge watched with a kind of triumph in her eyes, her hunch confirmed. She tapped her fingers against her elbows, but her hands spoke of planning, restless in their movement.
He began to wonder if this is what working with Sherlock Holmes would entail. Being left behind in strange places and expected to find his way back home without any help whatsoever.
The silver glint of his scar flashed in the dark of the cove, the Selkie’s eyes latching upon it, cat-like and piercing. It seemed to happen in the span of a breath, though it may have been much longer, as John was beginning to panic at the lack of air going into his lungs. One moment he was being strangled, the next he was being unceremoniously dumped to the ground, his leg and shoulder tingling from the wet and cold and causing John to grit his teeth to suppress a pained moan.
He felt rather like a tourist attraction, and John did his best not to bristle under the Selkie’s stare, feeling as though he were being judged. Greg’s voice however, was kind when he finally chose to give voice to his queries.
Mycroft loved him desperately. Sherlock responded to the love like a flower facing the sun. The two could often be found chasing each other down the bustling halls of the castle, weaving in and out of the rookery like foxes and hares. They’d duck and dodge their way between massive arms, lashing tails and disgruntled new mothers dealing with Hatchlings that were keeping them up at night. As they did, the older Dragons would murmur to one another in loving exasperation. The mountain was their domain, and Mycroft and Sherlock both grew up amidst stone caverns, glittering caves, and family.
arse (because Sneak personally thought he was attractive, and therefore John by default was attractive) and hips. When they had been younger, Sneak had even managed to get away with some eye-shadow or eye-liner every now and again, turning his usual blue irises into twin sapphires that could glow under the lights of a club. Of course -the man decided as he glanced at his reflection in the window of the cab he hailed before he slid into it- eye-liner now wouldn't be seen as something quite as attractive. Plus, he was in the mood to try a new disguise, an alias he hadn't used in a while.
“Clothing’s itchy, why do I have to wear it?” Sherlock’s nose was scrunched, his human form all wild curls and blue eyes too large for his face as he scowled up at their mother. She was fastening a plush blue cloak about his neck, the silver clasp glimmering invitingly. It bore the crest of the Northern Dragons, a mountain peak encircled by the Dragon-God Hjolner.
who had stopped it. John’s stomach twisted, and he felt a sour tang creep onto his tongue. He was only a few days here, and already he was acting just like people wanted him to: weak and utterly dependent,
"My condolences, John. I didn't mean to get too carried away… It's just I've missed your grandmother so and when I saw your face… We were childhood friends, John. It's hard, having everyone leave you. If you know what I mean."
John felt a little proud. He wasn’t as useless as he’d feared! He couldn’t help beaming a little, feeling more confident than he had a moment ago.
Yet Sherlock would not let him look away, even when John tried to do so. His hand turned firm in its grip, holding his chin there as slowly, the detective exhaled in a sigh. The sweetness of his breath tickled John's cheeks, and that's when he realised how close he was
Elena informed John gravely as he plopped the baby-blue woollen hat on her head, concealing the freshly-growing horns just beginning to peek out from her riot of curls. The soldier nodded with all the gravity of a man about to go to war at his daughter, struggling to contain his amusement.
Sherlock made vague sounds he hoped were comforting as Not-John continued to cry, rocking slightly and sounding like an injured animal,
Her son deflated a bit at that, but his grandma merely scoffed and muttered something under her breath about
Curled up as he was in a small nest of hay, the Dragon smiled. His human form shifted before John’s eyes, becoming a silver Dragon with flecks of deepest aqua blue around his eyes and down his legs. His egg was cradled to him even as he purred in sleepy contentment.
The word husband settled in the Water-Spirit’s gut, heavy like a stone. He ignored it in favour of addressing the issue.
There truly were Dragons of all kinds in the Kennels. Lyle hadn't lied about that much, it was a virtual circus down in the halls of cages, all lined in rows. Crates and actual Cells, all glinting with eerie silver light as if glowing from within. He and Mike quickly realized that the two hours, though it had seemed excessive at the time was necessary to get a look at all of the creatures writhing and snarling in their pens. Mike decided to go about the job numerically, starting with the first cage and working his way down, but John soon found himself just wandering amongst the cages. He  peered into the darkness at the strange and mysterious animals before him. There were woman-shapes and man-shapes, most of the Dragons half-formed so they could fit in their containments. Yet there were also reptilian swishes of tails, the twitching of claws, and eyes that went from slitted to round with the absorption of light. He stopped in front of one cage, looking up at a quivering English Dragon with silver-grey eyes and short blonde hair. She bared her teeth at him in hatred, but she cowered when he reached out one hand as if to touch one partly-scaled shoulder. The non-Human parts of her skin glittered Cherry red. She was a Yellow Card.
“Why are you doing this? Why are you being… so…” He trailed off uncomfortably, unwilling to admit that Sherlock’s previous welcome had been less than warm. The Water-Spirit by way of answer pressed the fruit to John’s lips.
John wished he could tell him, no beg for air, but he was already slipping away. Pale skin was merging with dark curls, blurring into eyes bluer than the inside of a violet. His own heart sounded faint and muffled in his ears. The pain in his chest was too much, dimming as darkness edged out his vision. In a last feeble attempt, John reached out. He felt the edge of his finger brush a rapier-sharp jutting of a collarbone. Underneath it, he could feel a steady pounding. Pumping.
The ivory, bare expanse of a woman’s back greeted them, smooth save for the glittering Gem that say ensconced by sculpted shoulder blades. It glittered blood red, the only spot of colour in an otherwise black and white photo. The woman wasn’t facing the viewer, instead seated so that just a peek of black lace lingerie lingered at her hip. In red lettering at the bottom was a title:
“It's okay. It's just a memory. Do you want to talk about it, or do you want me to continue asking questions?” A moment of silence, and the detective tried again. “...Should I deduce it?” And this time, Claude nodded a hasty yes, unable to speak further.
Five people, altogether. Besides Bill, John knew none of them. However he'd seen them, caught glimpses of their faces and the faces of their Dragons. He'd seen how they acted during training, during battle. As a result, he knew immediately which ones were probably friendly and which likely weren't.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, he wasn't so foolish as to think this information came freely. Sneak's chin was tilted just enough to come across as a business benefactor, and the restless movement of his hands ticked on one denim-clad knee.
actually.” in kind.  It hadn’t meant to come out, and immediately John’s jaw had clenched in regret. It was just that between Lestrade’s wary looks, Sally’s loud-mouthed judgement and the whole of the Yard as of late looking at him as if he were of a different species… well, he wanted nothing to do with the idea of being a Gem sympathiser, even if to most he would be considered one.
Beside him, John looked at Scottie, something simmering just underneath the surface as the man’s left hand trembled before closing into a tight fist.
In fact, John quickly learned to take it as a warning sign that something was off if Sherlock made a sound at all.
The threat held, and like scared mice the team scattered in both body language and gaze, no one daring Greg to make good on his threat. They knew the D.I well enough by now to know that he would without hesitation. Sherlock watched the entire scene with pale, guarded blue eyes. There was a bemused expression on his face, something drawn to it even when Lestrade came back to him, apologised on behalf of Haldran. Lestrade wouldn’t find out that his claim that Sherlock was completely male, wasn’t strictly true until years later, the words left unspoken on Sherlock’s tongue, too caught up in being defended for a change instead of accused. It didn’t matter that a small part of the detective whispered that Greg was wrong, because most of the time, overwhelmingly, the D.I would have been
John’s hand twitched involuntarily, and it was without thinking that his upper lip curled and he responded with “
The two cups of tea went cold in the living room. Neither man found they particularly cared. They slept, John in his bed and Sherlock on the floor even as dawn came and went outside.
Sherlock's fingers touched his pelt gently, long fingers running over the faintly speckled skin with all the tender touch of a mother. Although he presented it to John, he refused to let the little boy touch, a small growl of warning erupting from his throat that even his friend could interpret without the aid of his song. His skin was a light, glossy brown, still a bit on the fluffed side since he was a pup. Already though, John could see that Sherlock would one day be glossy brown and nearly hairless, the dark layer of hide already coming through. At the throat of the cloak was a clasp, and although it was undone John could see it had engraved onto it a sort of design. Tilting his head, the little boy saw that etched into the silvery clip was the image of a seal halfway transformed into a man. The darkly-curled child seemed to read his friend's confusion, because the next instant he sang.
His sharply pointed teeth shone for a moment before he allowed himself to shrink into his half-Human form, straightening tentatively as his shoulder wound throbbed once as if to remind him of its existence.
Greg was still reeling a little, feeling like he had experienced gender-related whiplash. Yet he had also done this before with the detective, and the familiar echo of one of the man’s favourite sayings caused Lestrade to smile, albeit weakly.
“My PA’s informed me that the book has found its way into other hands. You’re off the hook for it, Mr. Watson. I want nothing from you.” That was a relief. John wasn’t so sure that money could match the price of that book.
all of you are idiots! Go back to Mummy and tell her that her brilliant idea is what we all thought it might be, a spectacular
Though the Dragon had at first been hesitant to move from the room downstairs (after all he had claimed it as “His” and it would not do for just anyone to come and take his space away) John had offered him the room on the main floor, the promise of a warm bed (all for
He didn't know why Sherlock suddenly unlocked the hidden ability to stay himself. To maintain John Watson and hold him inside his own personality, allowing him an unfamiliar freedom he didn't quite know what to do with. He also didn't know why the man looked at him with such incredulity as the puzzle snapped together in his head, his orange shock blanket wrapped haphazardly about his skinny shoulders as if he was some helpless damsel in distress. With his unruly curls and disbelieving gaze, John actually found himself stifling a giggle against the back of his hand even as he flicked a too-innocent glare over to the Detective to tell him to shut up. The man abruptly stopped talking to Lestrade, telling him hilariously enough to
It was perhaps for this reason that John was ruder than his norm. Perhaps, it was also due to the added fact that Mycroft seemed intent on treating John like he was something particularly vile that had wound up on the underside of his shoe. It made John want to stand straighter, grit his teeth and clench his jaw like a dog being put into the ring for a fight. He settled instead for smiling, but it was not a pleasant expression. Instead it was more a bearing of teeth, and his fear melted away as John’s more human side came to the forefront. Mycroft Holmes was on his playing field, so long as he appeared human. So long as he kept up the charade of playing house.
Sherlock found he could analyze even a personality that was part of the construction of the mind, apparently.
No. It was really better, today at least that there was no crime. Shyla didn’t take cases when she felt female. It was easier, that way. Though a good murder stirred excitement along her bones, enough that a familiar pang of longing coursed through her. But, no. Though Lestrade was aware that she had transitioned, the D.I was largely oblivious to the other half of Sherlock, the female side that rarely showed but sometimes appeared like an ill-timed winter. It was better that way, guaranteed that Sherlock’s pronouns were used correctly when he was, well… He. It made sure that no one would voice things like they had back in uni, hissed words of
as a living shield. Her dark eyes glinted as she calmly clicked off the safety, tone cool and detached despite Sherlock's rather menacing roar.
sadly before throwing the blanket around his huddled form. The Dragon muttered slightly, fighting sleep for a second longer as he looked at her with hazed blue-green eyes. His voice was soft and childish, and a thousand times more fragile than Sherlock would ever be willing to admit. Though the murmurs were in Dragon-Tongue, Mrs. Hudson understood the question asked completely.
If Sherlock's gaze had been narrowed any more his eyes would have been predatory slits. “Yes, well. He might have handled one son, but two was more than a bit excessive. Couldn't hide
“I won’t be Sherlock’s. You can’t make me sleep with a machine.” The name Sherlock rang in the air, with it the sudden memory of the darkly-curled Spirit. John gasped, seeing the image behind his closed lids. Those cupid-bow lips, that dark glare. The paleness of the man. With the memory the marble halls seemed to fade further, crumbling brick by brick. The dream falling in on itself like a burning sheet of parchment.
John sat in that empty room that day curled up and tense, wracking his brains and trying to figure out a way in which he could simultaneously plead Sherlock for forgiveness and yet knee him where it’d count. Between these musings anxiety clawed deep into his very soul, terror over the future of his people and his family leaving him in a loop of panic and sick fury. How could someone be so selfish? So unbelievably cruel in their judgement? Punish him, sure. John had almost expected that, and though it would have been unpleasant he would have coped, somehow. This made him want to scream, to curl his hands into his hair and tug, until bits of short blonde fibers came away with his fingers.
“Yes, but sadly we must humour your Papa, at least for today.” And he knelt, sweeping his daughter up so she shrieked with amazement and delight before resting her like a football against his hip. One impossibly long finger came to chuff her lightly under the chin as the detective looked to John with an unreadable expression. “We musn't keep Molly and her son Xavier waiting.”
He was aware distantly that his voice was rising, veering dangerously towards cracking apart. Still, Sherlock wouldn’t stop, a cold and remote mask sliding over his features. In the back of his mind, the soldier’s brain was signalling little alarms. His Dragon was beginning to look less human, and more machine.
“Did you like that then? When I wound up shooting my own informant in order to gain your brother's trust? John didn't even know, the little duck's
She grinned as John got a look at her true form, red like fire, the kind of tight but functional clothing that an assassin might wear. She smiled, and it was a cruel twist of her lips as she brought up a hood to half-conceal her face.
, John realised that Sherlock was actually figuring out where he had been by scent when the Dragon's rumbling voice spoke into his thoughts.
Daniel keeps his tone carefully differential, but his face twists for a moment into a possible expression of strange sadness. His tone is quieter, his hands relaxing at his sides.
look pretty funny and partly because the Dragon's Human form made it clear that the animal was barely out of its Hatchling years. He tried to ignore the mocking snort that briefly came from inside the Crate at his stumbling words before the high-pitched shriek continued full-force.
“You can't be serious. A rookie like you take care of a Red Card? No. I'm not going to allow this.” Dodge said flatly, crossing her arms over her chest even as she watched the Handlers get out two large metal Crates, locking a conscious and whimpering Molly and an unconscious Sherlock inside them with skilled and professional
He didn't hear her response, already his mind was on another woman, another place. Still, her own words sounded shaken and small in her ears.
John watched in utter disbelief as the beast curled around its Crate like it was the only home it had ever known, a large yawn tearing from its throat before it shifted a dreaming lavender purple, like the colour of candy floss at a fair. He watched in fascination and horrified amusement as the creature rested its muzzle against its forepaws, slitted eyes sliding closed like a giant pet as its tail came to curl about its scaly hide. He was uncomfortably aware of how he just nearly avoided being strangled to death as he rubbed at his throat, trying not to cough as he looked at the huge beast before him, clear in the light where before it had been but a shadow in The Kennels.
John flinched as the Spirit then stepped forward, robes rippling sinuously about his form like silken waves, long fingers reaching out so that pale hands cupped his chin, forcing the young man to stand taller. Like he was inspecting goods on a cart, Sherlock's lips parted inquisitively, eyes scanning the mortal's face as if he wasn't quite sure what to make of it. John tried not to shy away, chains shivering minutely with his hands. The Spirit's fingers were like ice against his skin, pressed against the erratic rhythm of his heart. Raz stood behind them, pressingly oblivious to John's heated glare and Sherlock's dead-eyed gaze, continuing the ceremony as if no one could feel the cold that the two men felt for each other, both too proud to look away, neither proud enough to risk the wrath that rebellion of this wedding would bring. His voice carried out to the crowd, his hands still stained with paint but dry as he held out the sacred binding cloth, a strip of red silk. The priest came forward and between the Spirit and the Human, a key in his palm as he unlocked John from his chains, only to bind his wrists tightly in the silk. He then passed the other end onto Sherlock, and much like a leash the Spirit held the silk tie in his hands, signifying ownership. John had to bite the inside of his cheek to stop the curling nausea that hummed low in his throat.
Sherlock thought of John’s glare, of the burning hatred behind it. No, he thought. John wouldn’t forgive, not even if he did grow to like his living arrangements. He’d still hate Sherlock, and the Water-Spirit found it tedious to walk on glass in his own home. He tasted his wine, responding in an indifferent rumble. Politics, to pretend to be uncaring.
“It's good we have an experienced soldier, you can help me with the little instruction course. You and your Dragon, mind.”
He still could not prepare himself in time before he was thrown across the room at like he was nothing more than a marionette with cut strings. The force of the impact knocked the wind out of him as his back hit the wall of the flat and his head cracked against the concrete, the velocity of the impact sparking fireworks behind his eyes.
The detective's face was impassive, but uncertainty flickered in those irises as John became aware that Sherlock was holding him, curled about him like he was afraid to let go. John's heart began to beat faster, and he scrambled to find some excuse. Some lie. Some vague faerie tale to keep up the charade he had kept for so long.
Only the knowledge that John’s grip on his arm was growing weaker finally forced Sherlock to wrench away from that proffered neck, blood coating his teeth as he breathed in deep lungfuls of air, forcing his more animalistic side down into a space where he might control it. He tasted iron and savagery on his tongue, and it slid down his throat in a few last gulps as he shuddered physically. For a moment he could do nothing but strain against the animal within him, playing a game of tug-o-war in which he struggled to find reason to restrain himself. He found it in the pair of fluttering eyes beneath him when he at last could focus, as well as in John’s faint smile.
He finishes with a small grin of satisfaction, pleased at how entirely ruffled John looks. It's enough to push him to continue, impulsively thinking he can get some more clues if he gets him to enough of an unbalanced state. The soldier doesn't help, encouraging him by asking
There was a woman beside him, from the man's brief and courteous glance through his memory, he knew she was not someone John had acquainted himself with. A stranger then. He scowled, biting back a vicious retort as he rose lithely to his feet, leg not even twinging in the slightest. (Though that man in the coat had somehow cured John of that affliction, Conrad would grudgingly give him that much.) He ignored her helping hands and stood on his own, attempting to map out the store like he used to do with the desert when he was in unfamiliar territory.
Human babies inevitably smelled of talcum and milk, the things that kept them thriving and happy. They smelled of their Human mothers and fathers, of vulnerability and helplessness. A Chinese Dragon Hatchling smelled of steam, the kind that they were submerged in by the child’s mother in order to nest with them for the first few months of their post-egg life. Nalini at a glance was no different, the dark curls that adorned her head still damp from a recent swim with Xavi. Unlike a Human child, her eyes were open and aware, and she looked up at Sherlock with irises that were wide and critical of his presence.
John, just to be contrary, reached over to Sherlock’s plate. Selecting a pastry at random, he stuck it in his mouth and chewed. Sweetness exploded across his tongue, a mixture of orange and honey, and he forgot his anger for a moment just to savour the first proper meal he’d had in awhile. Sherlock glared, mildly affronted at John’s audacity even as the human’s eyes fluttered shut in pleasure, opening a moment later even as he swallowed the last of the treat, his adam’s apple bobbing with the motion. He then stubbornly looked away, refusing to speak and keeping up his ongoing campaign of freezing the Water-Spirit with chilly silence. Sherlock shook his head at the rebuttal, muttering something vaguely insulting under his breath.
Expensive, but scratched from second-hand use because someone as meticulous as John would not be one to leave an expensive thing like a phone in a pocket with keys and coins.
” He spat, hackles rising defensively despite himself as his hands came down to slam against the table without mercy. His spoon shivered in the bowl, tinkling as if in fear of his nameless rage. The detective found himself gripping the wooden edges, furious again for what felt like no justifiable reason, yet angry all the same. Essentially, Sherlock was aware that John was only trying to help.
He told himself that was why he forced himself to stare at his injuries, access them even as it made his heart sink. There was no use shying away from his analysis, even as it grew grimmer the longer he looked. Nerve damage, was the initial assessment. Likely, there would also be a serious amount of physio to look forward to. The thought entered his brain that he’d likely never be able to shoot to the same level of steadiness. He bit back the hot, metallic flavour that rose up in the back of his throat. John breathed deliberately through his nose, staring back up at the ceiling.
” Mycroft spoke, and his voice was an east wind rolling from a mountain. “I wish to show. This, is my specialty, an ability I alone have made. I call it a Memory Well. It contains my experiences, what I’ve lost. It will tell you why you’re here. If you trust me, John, touch the light. Sherlock won’t see what you see, not with my Magic.”
Sherlock was sixteen when he first tried to bind, and half unsure why they even tried to do it in the first place. It had started with sport’s bras, too many sizes too tight, leaving them feeling breathless and lightheaded. Then when that didn’t seem effective enough, bandages. The teen had known the damage their binding methods could cause, but truthfully on that day couldn’t bring themselves to much care.
His upper lip curled, and he sneered before her in his own silk robe, hands tucked into the long sleeves where they gripped together in distaste.
His thoughts unconsciously became soothing and non-threatening as he made up his mind. Just like with his Da.
He opened his mouth to argue, but she cut him off before John could draw in enough air to respond. She was merciless.
When John turned, he willed himself not to jump out of his own skin at how close the Selkie had become. Sherlock was somewhat ludicrously tall, and now John’s head had to tilt upwards to match his face, his breathing coming a little more shortly at the intensity in which those blue eyes looked back, unblinking. When Sherlock sang, it was the softest of vibrations, the likes of which made the doctor shudder with something other than fear. Sherlock looked at him as if he were a puzzle, and one spider-like hand reached out lazily, plucking at the hem of John’s jumper as if it were mildly offensive. He seemed to understand at least most of what John was saying, a frightening leap in clarity in the language. John wondered just how
Before the Dragon-man could leave, John's voice called softly after him. The Human's tone was clear and bright in the silence, yet it weighed heavily in Sherlock's chest. It was filled with a strange kind of wistfulness that he wasn't sure how to react to.
, he hoped that didn't become a norm for him, but looking out at the dust and bodies littering the desert like broken toys, he was beginning to see it might.
John stayed where he was, back ramrod straight, even though every part of him wanted to pull Sherlock away, drag him up the stairs before he did something they'd both regret. He bore silent holes into the Dragon's skin with his eyes, radiating his displeasure at having not only been directly ignored but at how the lanky git was acting. Two parts pleading and two parts irritated. Although the soldier couldn't blame him; the more childish side of John wanted these strangers gone too.
Sherlock seemed to know with an innate sixth sense when John was going to awaken. If he wasn’t already alert to his waking, then the Dragon himself was passed out cold. John found this as he turned his head, a soft expression melting over his features as he looked at the Dragon. Sherlock lay curled in what had to be an uncomfortable position in the plastic chair he’d taken to roosting like a gargoyle in. His knees were tucked to his chin, his wings wrapped about him in a makeshift shelter. His eyes were closed, the lines at the corner of his mouth smoothed so that he looked younger than usual. Sherlock’s dark lashes fluttered, his eyes roving behind their lids with dreams.
Still, Mummy had insisted on Sherlock getting to know the man, and it was how he found himself out in the garden, sitting on one end of the swing in the back and tugging nervously at his skirts. They were the colour of the grass, an attempt on his mother’s part to make them more appealing to them. Beside him, Sherlock watched his father calmly smoke a pipe, watery blue eyes cast out towards the garden in gentle contemplation. It was a while before either of them spoke.
Dating a Dragon occasionally did yield some benefits, John supposed. There was the constant gift-giving, the ability that his boyfriend had of being a living space heater even in the dead of winter, and the fact that the few times that someone did actually decide to attack him (because unfortunately for John his and Sherlock's careers did occasionally require that they encounter dangerous criminals) he could always count on having a verified mythological creature to back him up in a pinch. Not to mention that the sex was phenomenal.
Greg watched all of this while putting in a jibe here and there, and Mycroft found to his surprise that it actually helped him. Often, he came across as informative but cold. There was no trace of discomfort in anyone’s eyes as they thanked him for his help, and no one seemed put off by the blunt way in which he spoke to those older than himself. Greg acted as a balancer, keeping everything light and jovial. Soon it was just the two of them, something Mycroft found more pleasing than he should have. He tried not to let it show on his face, but he had the impression that he was doing a poor job. Greg
“I've heard much about you, Blue. Yet I'd like to actually get to know you, if you'll give me the chance.”
John could do nothing but call after him desperately, tears filling his eyes even as the pale silhouette faded away from his vision like a firefly being snuffed out from existence.
Mycroft, to his credit, merely arched a brow in answer. The elder Holmes brother looked polished, deliberately immaculate in his appearance. Clean. Yet John could sense in the air something heavy and oppressive, a weight that followed Mycroft Holmes wherever he went, unrelentingly pressing upon those around him.
And the army doctor sucked in a breath, straightening in indignation. Yet before he could respond Sherlock pressed onwards, seeming determined to get his piece out before he was interrupted. His brow furrowed in concentration, and it looked as though he struggled to have his phrases mean what they were intended to mean deep inside the tissue of his own skull. Like sinew and bone badly broken, his explanation came in a choppy mix of insults and compliments, a veritable chop suey of deduction.
Struggling through the dizzying pain beginning to pulse in the detective's head, Sherlock blinked and slowly pieced together a sentence. His voice was beginning to wheeze, cracking at the edges and fraying like torn cloth.
Sebastian insisted, crying out lowly when Sherlock tightened his grip in threat. The Dragon’s thoughts spun, trying to make sense of it. So, Wilkes didn’t know. Which meant that the operation was much more hush hush than Sherlock had originally thought. It was in that moment that Sherlock realised what he was doing, exactly, and all but flung Sebastian to the ground as hard as he could, bolting at the last instant.
He drifted in darkness, scrambling to find some kind of rope back to wakefulness. He wasn’t entirely certain what had happened to land him in this scrape, but somehow he knew with certainty that he wasn’t dead. There was pain, and pain to John didn’t make sense if he wasn’t still attached in some way to his body. There was also the voice, calling to him in the blackness like a distant siren.
She grinned when John made as if to flick ham at her, giggling, only falling silent when their mum's sharp tone cut over their din.
Dodge's voice broke through the thick atmosphere, distracting Sherlock from his inner turmoil. Her voice was tense.
He could imagine it would have been uncomfortable to have put on. Sticky, at least. When the last vestiges of it were finally cleared away from the Human's face, the Water-Spirit looked down on John, son of Walter, trying to glean some reason as to why.
of nature. John might have laughed at the irony of it all, his own genetic code now far more “freakish” than even Sherlock’s. He settled instead for defending the detective, even if the man was currently elbows-deep in human remains, yelling at Lestrade testily.
Soo Lin's Master was called Andy Blake, a freckle-faced boy that would look wet about the ears if it wasn't for how steadily he held a scalpel in his hand as he lifted his head and greeted his Dragon. When he caught sight of John, the tentative smile broke out into a grin, and his voice was easy and kind even as he set down the sharp implement in his hand and turned to the sink to wash the dirt and grime from his arms.
“Gran was right,” he breathed excitedly, and Sherlock was promptly surprised but pleased when the little boy all but tackled him in a crushing embrace. John's voice was giddy with wonder, looking down to Sherlock's cloak and seeing it for what it was.
“You’re in luck, then. I don’t want anything from you. Nothing at all,” Mycroft turned then, deliberately giving Sherlock his back. Knowing the Dragon wouldn’t attack him, wouldn’t dare. It was confusing. It was enraging. Mycroft’s voice was soft, an afterthought. It was as if he almost didn’t expect Sherlock to hear him, though he stood only a few small feet away. “It’s good to see you.”
Sherlock normally kept his deductions to himself, or spoke them to John. Now, they were weaponized javelins, intent on getting a read where right now he only saw a frustrating blank slate.
“I have until the next full moon, when my mother holds her ball. That’s one month, exactly. Plenty of time to… get to know him. To show John that this place… can be if not home, not as bad as he likely believes.”
He would not allow himself to use sentiment as an excuse to not be prepared properly. He was dealing with a wild animal, and John had to treat it as such. There couldn't be any mercy, not until he was absolutely sure he wouldn't get seriously wounded. It was better in the end for both he and the Dragon, as if he wound up in the hospital there was little doubt in the young man's mind of what would become of the beast. Pocketing the little metal remote, he slowly got to his feet. His eyes stayed trained on the Dragon, but it didn't stir at the sound of John's movements. It was lost in a land of feverish dreams, kicking slightly like a dog in slumber. John spared a brief moment to wonder what the creature would even
why he won’t work.” Sherlock snapped back, plucking at a string savagely before playing a tune that was at once heart-wrenchingly sweet as it was sad. He continued to play, even as the mist around them tugged at his robes insistently, demanding he focus on his mother. The Fog has always liked visitors. The Fog was somewhat alive, and wished Sherlock would treat people with more mercy. "He will be injured. Or
With John slumbering away, Claude mentally whispered the plans to her brothers and sisters. As one, they all nodded.
John frowned, slowly sitting up. He kicked the blankets he had become nested in aside, beginning to make his way downstairs. He hadn’t been expecting anyone, and though it wasn’t uncommon for people in a small town just to stop by, he wasn’t so sure how they’d react to Sherlock’s presence. Mrs Hudson, if it had been her, would have just let herself in.
Shivering, the army doctor finally found his voice. It trembled, but he found himself chuckling, if somewhat hysterically.
Mycroft's eyes crinkled at the corners as if he found the jibe absolutely amusing, but his gaze was rather dead. Leaning against a black umbrella, the elder Holmes' dry wit retorted without much preamble
The more bitter side of him lamented. He ignored it in favour of looking at the elegant lines of his hands, clenched about his knees and interlocking them together. Holding him in place. Beside him Mycroft shifted, uttering a small sigh of resignation through his nose. In truth, he had known the answer to his unspoken question already. It could be read on Sherlock to anyone who looked into his magical trace, painted in invisible lines and holds of seams tied together when the young man before him had been just a pup. A terrible accident that had cost the Selkie everything.
John paused as he wondered at the question to himself. He and Mike had both been given pamphlets from the
For the first time in years, Sherlock had no collar about his throat. The absence of it was like a burn, impossible to ignore and entirely frightening. A lack of collar meant only three possibilities, and none of them were positive:
They also happened to be blocking the street that John needed to go down to get to Mike's flat. The cobblestone way that lead down the narrow path to the living quarters of the military was effectively cut off by the dangerous-looking hordes of people screaming their dissent at the government. Considering some were brandishing Molotov cocktails and Swiss army knives obviously under their coats, the soldier was reluctant to try and push his way through. With his luck, he'd brush arms with the one lunatic hiding a gun.
to cry about, and he scowled at the foolishness of such sentiment on principal. Instead he crept cautiously closer, still very much aware that the man-beast was capable of kicking out his genitals while he was in this form. Hesitantly those ivory finger-tips reached out to catch a tear-drop from John's cheek, and when the tow-headed boy saw how his new friend stuck it in his mouth and promptly gaped, some of his sadness abated to affection.
“I'll protect them. If that's what you called me here for, you don't even have to ask. I'll protect... I love them, both. Already. Already... I love them both.”
His pristine shoe became stained with red as he dug his weight into the man's shoulder, earning a keening cry as the cabbie flung back his head in agony and his glasses sparked from the overhead fluorescent eyes. Hiding the widening of his pupils as he howled in agony underneath him. Sherlock felt no remorse, the only thing that drove him was finding out the answer, if not about the true nature of the pills then the name of the person watching him.
Sherlock would have liked to have stayed, would have liked to have fought it out. He would have loved nothing more than to tear that composure apart, dig his fingers into it until it came apart red in his hands. He wished for nothing more than to rip open the beating heart of a clockwork design, John Watson, to see inside. Find what made him refuse to give up. Get angry.
Sebastian seemed to splutter, decreasing in size and stature even as the soldiers lined up cleared room to make way for-somewhat surprisingly, a petite blonde woman. She stood apart from the others in both attitude as well as appearance, flaxen hair cut short to her ears, blue eyes sparkling in a way that didn't seem to within the military mentality. They were the colour of sapphire's, and lit up when she smiled at Bill and greeted him as if he were an old friend. Murray didn't dare relax, shoulders still hunched against unseen attack as he eyed Wilkes with mistrust. John didn't blame him- the man looked fit to commit homicide.
John swallowed, throat suddenly tight as he looked at the small woman before him. He knew the look on her face, the sadness in it was something he shared, like a jagged piece of pipe stuck in his chest. Somehow, he suspected Mrs Hudson could see it in him, too, and the two reminisced for a moment in the memory of the feisty old woman that had once stood strong and bright on the beach like she was one with it.
The beach was rocky, and John’s bare feet ached with the press of stones under the soles of his feet. The sensation was familiar from his summers as a boy, and at any rate his feet were chilled by the icy nature of the water. It was truthfully shocking, how quickly John was getting used to his feet never being wholly dry. The methodic scrape of the metal pail as it scooped up bucketfuls of seawater was a soothing rasp in the depths of his ears. It took his mind off the reason why he was outside in the first place, why he was outside when the sun was barely peaking rosy along the sea-line.
He knew he didn't have much time either way. Eventually the Dragon would gather its resolve, even if it was confused and sick. It was quite possible it wouldn't read his cues properly, or that it was too far gone in the fever of its mind to register any kind of passiveness or signs for peace. Still, he had to try.
Neither of them had brought up sex again, either. John due to the fact that he felt as if Sherlock would approach him again when he was ready (and fear that if he approached too soon he might destroy all of his partner’s hard work inadvertently), Sherlock held back by his own embarrassment and fickle pride. It was like a miserable merry-go-round, and neither one was completely sure just how to step off.
now, old enough that she should have to chase after her twin every time he decided to wander off for too long on the beach. She made a mental note to throttle him later if their mum didn't get to it first, even as she kicked up mounds of pebbles and sand, toes chilling rapidly as she skirted the edge of the sea. Her dark brown curls threatened to be tugged free of the loose braid she wore even as she cupped her hands around her lips, calling out her brother's name to the sky in a hearty bellow that was carried out by the wind and over the many sharp rocks jutting out from the sand like graves.
There was no way around it, and no way to deny it. A man did not get the title “Three Continents Watson” without being at least somewhat interested in the idea of sex. Not to mention there was the other issue, one that neither Sherlock nor John had really gotten around to addressing:
“The king and queen at the top of the Great North Mountain, and soon gave birth to two sons. It was a time of celebration; every Dragon was glad that the line was secure.”
John didn't complain. Merely sat patiently with his own food untouched until the detective, realising what such silence implied, managed to bring his meal to his lips. A moment later, the army doctor did the same with his own food.
Like a tornado the size of a small planet had gone through it, papers and books lay scattered over upturned furniture all over the floor. One of the twin bookshelves had been dragged halfway across the room, creating a barricade further enforced by the couch (which now lay piteously at is side). There were pieces of cutlery spewed erratically all over the place, knives and spoons lying on top of whisks and medical textbooks as well as a human skull pinned to the wall like some kind of morbid warning right above the door (John had to study anatomy one year in school, he had affectionately named the grinning cranium
It didn’t stop him though, couldn’t. Not when Sherlock wouldn’t stop looking down at him, his expression strangely vulnerable. Not with Iolite’s voice muttering in John’s ear about how the detective’s thoughts were supposedly filled with
“Come now, must we be unfriendly as this? If my records are right you haven't been Called upon since John's Afghanistan days. Surely I'm not as frightening as
Again that facial twitch, and John trailed off as he began to recognise it for what it was. A smile, the first he’d seen on the Water-Spirit’s face. Sherlock was finding John’s pleading
Eventually however the sun began its inexorable crawl back into the sky, dragging itself up from the black pit of night that had engulfed it. Similarly, hungover but still very much alive, Sherlock found himself rising from his complete and utter despair, a tentatively fragile kind of confidence blooming in its place that could only come from the realisation that he just. didn’t. care.
, but it was obvious that the army doctor was trying to be sympathetic. Trying to understand. And though no one had ever
For a second, the kitchen fell to silence. The sound of Sherlock's own panting, heaving chest, of Mycroft's quiet moan of pain sounded heavily in the air. Everything was too hot, Sherlock's binder clung to him like a second skin, sweat pooled at the jut of his collar-bones. His heart felt like it was fit to burst outside of his skin, consume him in wet blood and hot fire. He did not dare turn around, could not bear to see what he might find. Instead Sherlock stared, feeling hot tears burning traitorously in his eyes. His voice was a quiet and rasping hiss.
noted that his sister’s skin was littered with tiny scratches and acne, a sign of severe skin picking. Like that observation opened a floodgate, Mycroft found himself flicking his gaze over his sister’s hunched form, taking in everything he had willingly dismissed.
out there… then I can only pray it is not the Dragon who runs the resistance. If it is…” His hands twisted in his lap, bundles of tight twigs. “Then we truly are doomed to destruction.”
So he closed his eyes and drifted, watchful and just underneath the surface. He had one purpose and one only: to protect the body, to protect John.
*wipes brow* first chapter. Here we go. :) the beginning of this story and the introduction to the first personality.
He had murmured proudly to the man, and frowned only when John had laughed at the nickname so hard that he had fallen out of his chair.
However, nobody came to barge into her room. Curiously enough, the footsteps paused right outside the door. Tails whipping in confusion, she waited tensely for
Behind him, Sherlock snorted softly. A sound only meant for John, irritated but still rife with a sort of rough affection.
His mind was still on Sally, and on his family back home. Both pieces of the puzzle that was his life swam before him, the largest piece appearing as they rounded a corner and John found himself faced with two heavy, open doors. The brassiness of the knockers reflected the colour of blue fire, goblets burning in a macabre sort of atmosphere that made John balk despite himself.
The perhaps most interesting fact about Queen Rania was that she may have been blind, but she used a Dragon to
“I understand, sir,” she murmured. Her dark eyes flicked to Hajera, wordlessly taking on the mantle as guide for their unprecedented guest. Anthea lead the woman away, Mycroft watching their departure down the hall.
Then John would hear the violin, and his dark thoughts would somehow crumble before a soothing melody. The first time, John hadn’t even been able to keep his eyes open. His lashes fluttered- body slumping back towards the bed as an unknown peace filled him. It left his mind blissfully empty, quiet for a change instead of fractured and dangerous. Sherlock’s weapon- as it turned out, wasn’t much of a weapon at all.
Mike adjusted his spectacles, blinking past the spatter of black blood to peer at John through them. His smile was strained, and even over the din of battle John could hear his voice as he called out.
Given the opportunity to slip into John’s subconscious was an offer quite simply too good to refuse, and the added bonus of alleviating some of the Human’s loneliness and worry was only honey to sweeten the pot. Sherlock had slipped into John’s dreamland with the ease of a fish, swimming along the blue-gold lines of thought while all the while holding onto John’s hand, ensuring he didn’t fall too far behind.
However, he decided to change directions to the other side of the beach last minute, as he heard a rather interesting noise. It was the distinct sound of a human, ankle-deep in the early morning light in ocean water. The sharp scrape of a metallic pail gathering sea water caused something ugly and furious to rise in the elder Holmes’ chest like a spike of poison.
And in a rare gesture of faith, Sherlock leaned his head against John's shoulder, nuzzling his curled head against the man's neck and inhaling his scent greedily.
It was perhaps more than a bit-not-good, but he couldn’t help the frisson of thrill that came over him, even as Sherlock stepped into the creature’s path- blocking Lestrade from harm even as his gem glowed hot with power. Until that moment John had never seen Sherlock shed his human persona in front of the met, but now his skin burned blue, even as from his gem his weapon of choice emerged, pulled into reality by one spidery hand.
Chances were there was no way he was escaping this discussion, not that he would have even if he had been
“Tanzanite. That is my real name, John.” Those eyes, pale blue blinked, and John caught a moment of predation in which Sherlock’s pupils expanded, nearly taking away the colour of them, drowning them in black. It was what the soldier used to see the moment before a wild Gem would explode into power, attack. Before he could register it however, the detective was on their feet. Still devastatingly tall, they flounced past John towards the kitchen, hips swaying to an unnamed beat. Over their shoulder, Sherlock murmured “Your Gem is a weapon-type, that’s why your hand isn’t trembling with threat.”
“He’s new to the class and I had an empty seat beside me, so I let him sit. His name’s James Junior, but he doesn’t like the junior bit much. He can do maths in his head really well, I watched him! He has this trick where he can just remember what multiplies with what nicely. He liked my colouring books, but he can’t draw very well. He likes Doctor Who and The Avengers like me!”
It was like John had somehow finally slipped into a mercury-brimmed madness, Sherlock looking distinctly uncomfortable at the question. Uncomfortable. The detective on a good day so far hadn’t really done much more than be gleeful or once, apologetic (asking for John’s war history had been a bit of a misstep on his part). John felt as if he was treading in unknown waters, and he had just as much of a chance of swimming as he did drowning in the ocean’s icy depths.
John sat curled in the seat across from Sherlock in the cab, trying to figure out exactly how he had gotten to be sitting in a dark cab next to a man who just twirled and danced with the news of another homicide. He hadn't been planning to, at first. It just became something that happened. Undefinable. He was beginning to get the feeling that lots of things when it came to this man was indefinite and unidentifiable. Mysterious and vague.
once cried for almost an hour in the bathroom when he thought I wasn't around because he'd gotten his period and the cramps had made it impossible to sit through class.” Behind Victor, a startled intake of breath. Sherlock looked at the back of the brown curls before him, hardly daring to believe. Still, his friend continued ruthlessly, crowding Mycroft's personal space with every breath. “I know that Sherlock never talks to his family, never calls them. Except for once a month, a letter he writes to one
“Yes, fear is generally a human reaction to kidnapping, Mummy.” The Water-Spirit shot back without heat, cool gaze flicking to the vast emptiness before him. These edges of his dreams were always wasteland-like, ever since his affiliations with the Dark. Much like his hardened exterior, the outlands of his own mind had never fully recovered, blackened and charred away to dust and ash. Sherlock watched as Lana drew herself up to her full height, pulling at her long sleeves in agitation even as she stepped forward. Her voice was insistent, and she showed no hesitation in raising one hand to Sherlock’s face, cupping it sternly.
There was a ringing silence, suggesting it had come to an end suddenly, while John had been unconscious. He looked woozily around, nothing suggesting that what he had just experienced had been real save for the music box resting atop the tea chest.
A second later, a chirpy voice replied on the breath of the wind. Her voice was an eager acquiescence.
If you want to even have a hope of seducing me you’re going to have to do something more than sing. I don’t appreciate being manipulated, if you think that’s all it’s going to take then you can just
“Given the fact that the victim was killed by what looks like an electrocuted knife?” Sally spat, arms crossed in front of her chest defensively. John felt something cold run in his blood at the words, shifting uneasily to glance at Sherlock. The detective didn’t seem overly impressed with the sergeant’s outburst. “I’m just saying that a Gem shouldn’t be involved in a Gem-based crime. There’s too much of a chance of bias-”
“A coping mechanism, then. According to this site anyway, a way for you to detach yourself from difficult or stressful situations. And yet you do not seem to simply use your Alters just to cope. Rather, it seems they've become so ingrained in your psyche that they can take over your consciousness at will.”
He had been afraid then, though he’d kept a cool enough demeanour. Anthea still could read him, marching in afterwards at a far more sedate pace than the medics had. Beside her, an unfamiliar woman floated, out of place in such a sterile environment, her head down and her hands clutched in her muddied skirts. She spoke Pashto, but that was not a problem. Mycroft had been brushing up on the language for quite awhile now.
the bit of information provided. This personality hadn't been awake for a few months then. If their last memory was the
“Now, before we start I want everyone's Dragon to transform. Masters and Mistresses, at their sides.”
Sherlock wondered to himself briefly if Victor would consider his meetings with Sebastian a relationship. Not that there had been any sex really,  none that counted, but out of everyone at the school, Sherlock had walked away the most satisfied with his encounters with the man. It wouldn't come as a surprise to him, really, if Victor thought him just the slightest bit infatuated. Sherlock was after all, a very good liar.
Sarah felt like she was going to begin hyperventilating, suddenly feeling as though she was staring down a tiger, poised to lunge for her throat. Yet as soon as the moment happened, it was gone.
“Older or younger?” He asked, adopting a gentle tone. Sneak had gone still, hands for once not tapping and twining about his wrists. He scratched absently at his sleeves, a sign of nerves.
“You're good with kids.” He murmured, arms crossed over his chest. He watched as the boy and girl vanished into the crowds of people, street waifs once more. Sherlock's voice was a quiet rumble, thoughtful and vague in John's thoughts.
Manu and Ra wanted war. They pushed their father again and again, urging him to allow soldiers to try and take the Dragons’ land. Rania remembered those arguments, the shouting and screaming that took place. She remembered when her father eventually cracked under that pressure, his powerful frame bent and broken under his sons’ constant attacks on his character, his position, his honour.
It was at an impossible speed that the Incubus moved, and John soon found himself physically pinned to the cold stone, the shadow of the Demon above him. An iron grip held John’s hands over his head, his shoulder screaming in protest and his heart pounding as he found himself a hair’s breadth from pale eyes and teeth so sharp looking they could be an edged blade.
And the shadow let out a low, pained moan, and his feet against his will slid forward, his entire body seeming to fight the action. Yet even if he was complying, he should not have been
During the drive home from Baker Street Dodge abruptly told Cerioth to pull over. The Dragon had been silent for most of the ride, but the white knuckle grip he kept on the steering wheel belied a tension in the air he carefully refused to let show. However, both Mistress and servant had known each other for a long time, and when Sara Dodge let a sharp breath out through her teeth and ordered him to pull over onto the side of the road, Cerioth knew he hadn't formed a strong enough defense against his emotions.
