That seemed to sting Ty for real, because his blue gaze turned darker. He looked to Steve, lips spreading into a shark-like grin. “How are you enjoying everyone’s sloppy seconds, Captain? You could ask how many people Tony has had his way with just around this ballroom alone.”
It turned out to be all for nothing anyway. Tony’s office was located right at the very top of the Stark Skyscraper, the S.I. office building in Malibu, and it was almost completely bare. The Stark Skyscraper narrowed the higher up it went and so his single office wasn’t humongous, but it was the only office on the whole floor, which made sneaking in not too hard since there wasn’t anyone there to catch him. Tony was at the Grand Prix right now, with his driver Happy Hogan and his new CEO, Virginia Potts.
“Are all merpeople such quick learners like you?” Steve asked in awe, wondering how the Earth wasn’t ruled by a race of tiny merpeople yet.
In a move born from experience in the battlefield, Steve looped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and stepped onto one of the metal boots, tightening his hold when he felt Tony lift a few feet into the air. The whine of the repulsors from Tony’s boots and gauntlets filled the air. Then there was a gust of wind as the dome of the building opened up so that there was only the clear night sky above them. Tony’s repulsors flared and they swooped up into the air, out from the hall and spiralled into the star-filled sky. Steve whooped at the rush of wind and speed, while Tony laughed as he spun them in loops and twirls.
“I knew you were going into heat more than a week ago. God, how can you think I didn’t notice? This morning, you smelled so good, I almost couldn’t breathe. I didn’t want us to leave our bed. I barely heard what we discussed at the meeting, I couldn’t concentrate because you were right there and you smelled like the best thing I will ever smell in my life,” Steve said, his voice a low vibration against the back of Tony’s neck. Then Steve suddenly leaned in, inhaled at Tony’s hairline with near desperation. “You still smell amazing, Tony…”
Natasha picked out a canapé from a waiter who presented a tray of finger food to all of them. “Which means another forty minutes in Starkland. He’s not going to miss out on a grand entrance. It’ll probably be like the Stark Expo all over again.”
“That’s it! Tell Thor that there’s no more clemency, we’re ripping apart that crazy antelope impersonator the next time we see him! I don’t care that Loki is his brother, no more leeway for him, we aren’t going to go easy just because—”
Letting out an exaggerated shudder, Tony agreed, “I’m very glad about that too.” Then he looked at Steve with a smirk. “Especially since my current prospects are so much better now.”
“What about you? What amazing Courting gifts did you used to pick out for the unlucky Omegas you liked?” Bucky asked Sam.
Steve tuned out how they were talking about him in front of him and focused on Tony and his suitors instead. There was a large projection of the stage on the curving wall of the hall, large enough for anyone in the audience to watch. But Steve was grateful that Bucky had pulled him almost right up to the front instead, because he preferred looking at Tony in person, rather than at a projection.
“Grass scent for the green smoothies I like apparently,” Tony said as he tapped on the Captain America’s shield earring. “And coffee scent because
That resulted in Steve stabbing a piece of bacon extra hard. “That’s ridiculous, you’re allowed to dance or not dance with whoever you want at your own Courting Ceremony. And there’s nothing
“Very pragmatic,” Tony said with his lips curling up in sincere amusement. “I like it. Alright, call in the black suits.”
Steve frowned and explained, “They look like really nice pearls. You should keep them instead or save them for when you really need to use them.”
He often had to wriggle over the surface of the table or the tablet so he could use it properly. His bright tail tried to propel him forward by flapping through the air, satin-like tail fins trailing behind him as he moved with much less grace outside of water. None of that ever slowed him down. Tony didn’t let anything like inelegance affect what he did.
The way he looked at Steve left no room for interpretation as to what he was famished for. Steve actually colored a little under Tony’s direct gaze and cleared his throat. “Yes, right. Let’s just. Go.”
All of a sudden, Tony leaned forward and rubbed his two hands against the head of Steve’s hard cock. Steve gasped at the sudden zing of sensation and felt his balls tighten, the aching pleasure coalescing at his cock.
But Tony didn’t even look the least bit torn. He only rolled his eyes and declared loudly, “My Courting Ceremony is not a democracy, you don’t get a vote here. Objection overruled.”
“Please, Pepper could run circles around you before her first coffee of the morning,” Tony scoffed. “And you keep calling me desperate, but you know, no matter how desperate I ever become, I would still never choose
On the day of the ceremony, right before he was supposed to dress and leave for the event where he would present himself to Tony, compete with all the other suitors there, Steve found that he wasn’t sure he was worthy of Tony’s attention after all.
He found it mostly awkward and stressful. He had an easier time dancing with Alphas, following T’Challa’s advice on letting them take the lead. But Betas and Omegas tended to expect him to take the lead when they realized he was an Alpha, and that just led to their hasty decisions to move on to another dance partner when he made a mess out of the dance.
“Uh…” Steve reaches into his pocket for his phone, “on second thought, maybe there’s a town nearby- I don’t have cell service.”
Steve groaned, hips thrusting up, and Tony opened his mouth. He let Steve feed his cock slowly into his mouth, looking up from beneath his lashes into Steve’s liquid blue gaze the entire time. He must make for a very debauched sight, with his hair mussed from Steve’s grasping hands, his lips stretched so wide against the large length pressing inexorably into his mouth. Steve was entranced, his wide unblinking gaze pinned on Tony and that only served to make Tony preen.
Steve grimaced at that. Yeah, that seemed to be a pretty big gruesome price. He tried to move on from that back to the original point. “So...what does that have to do with why you’re here?”
Bucky was in a black, double-breasted blazer and a white turtleneck. His pants seemed unnecessarily tight. Sam wore a deep maroon three piece suit with black edging against a white shirt and black bowtie. It seemed to be a big hit because the photographers kept calling out his name, trying to get him from different angles.
“What was the two power surges about?” Fury asked. The interrogation had started in earnest it seemed.
“Tony, yes!” Tony said, leaning over to brush a kiss against Steve’s cheek before the nanites formed the Iron Man helmet over his face.
If the words weren’t ominous enough, the fact that Steve was completely sure that the box hadn’t been there just a minute ago was enough to make him wish he had his shield in hand. But he hadn’t expected to need his weapon on him when he had come down to the workshop to drag Tony away from his work for some Christmas Eve cuddles. The place had seemed empty, which had surprised Steve enough that he had checked twice to be sure that Tony wasn’t in the workshop’s bathroom. He had been on his way out again, a seed of worry settling in his gut, when a flash of green had caught his eye and there was this wrapped gift on a previously empty spot of the workbench.
“Oh...you don’t?” For some reason, Bucky sounded surprised. It was strange because Bucky typically didn’t make assumptions on preferences and not every Alpha preferred Omegas, regardless of the stereotype.
His therapist had said that it was important to have a routine. Not that he had followed much of his therapist’s advice, otherwise he wouldn’t be out here in this quiet town on his own. But he liked the idea of a morning routine so he stuck to one.
Laughing, Tony kissed Steve’s hand and then his wrist, kissed up the forearm covering his eyes until Steve moved his arm and smiled up at Tony, hapless to the butterfly kisses brushed against his skin. “Sorry, Steve, but I’m never going to let it go. I have bragging rights for bagging the Alpha of Alphas.”
The little mer...man in front of him was an entertaining storyteller, but had a tendency to tangent off. There were comments like:
Tony frowned. “There’s only room for one dramatic entrance, buddy, and that’s mine. I’ve told you this before.”
A black streak dashed past where Bucky and Bruce were standing and suddenly, Tony was climbing up Rhodes’ legs, shimmying up him like he was a tree. Rhodes helped, bending a little before finally scooping him up. Then Tony was in Rhodes’ arms and rubbing his cheeks against Rhodes’ shoulder and chest and wherever he could reach, purring up a storm.
“You’re right, I could,” Steve said, cupping his hand a little so Tony could feel him more completely. “And right now? I want to see you take off your clothes, or maybe I’ll take them off for you.”
Steve inhaled sharply at that but didn’t hesitate in putting the box down on his knee and lifting one bracelet out of the box. This time, it was his own hands that were trembling, suddenly shaky from the magnitude of the moment.
Although all common sense said he shouldn’t be touching unknown small alien creatures, Steve was also half-convinced that this was all a hallucination.
“They let the Winter Soldier out to run missions so I remember some things. A lot of useless late night television programs. And you know I shook off the brainwashing fast. I’m just that quick,” Bucky said with a smirk.
Fury’s eyebrows went up at that last bit and Steve had to struggle not to blush. He had no doubts Fury was recording this conversation and that Nat would get hold of it at some point. He would never hear the end of this from her.
Fury and Tony continued staring at each other for a moment longer, before they both nodded reluctantly at each other.
The dance part of the masquerade ended without Steve even noticing, only blinking when he realized that there were wait staff in uniform collecting the masks and whisking them away on large trays, only to come out again with more trays of food and drinks. Steve drifted to a spot against a wall, absently eating and drinking without tasting or really seeing a single thing.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said with the kind of warmth in his voice that made Tony’s toes curled with happiness. He added with a teasing smile, “I accept this normal non-Courting gift.”
Steve obligingly held out his palm for Tony to hop onto, idly noticing that DUM-E and U were buzzing around two glowing disks on the desk, about five inches in diameter each. He picked up the glass of seawater too.
Shrugging, Tony said, “I just wanted to check… I made myself the same size and shape as most two-legs so that we would be on the same playing field together, but also...I have a mission to complete, Steve.”
That chilled Steve’s blood a little, the idea that everything would have been so drastically changed if not for Tony’s privacy being invaded that way. It was terrible that Tony’s private life was treated like that, but he could have ended up bonded with someone like Tiberius Stone instead. Something bad had happened which somehow managed to prevent something even worse.
“Nobody is disappearing anybody,” Steve said sharply, moving towards the couch so he stood between the two people glowering at each other. “Fury, why don’t you put the pizzas down and have a seat please.”
“What are you worried about, Nick?” Steve asked, trying to ease the tension. “I’m on vacation right now and I’ve just got a friend visiting. He’s a civilian.”
Steve looked faux-offended. “But then how will you sustain the lifestyle I’m used to if you delete those photos instead of selling them for a mint?”
Tony bobbed in the glass of water for a moment, before swishing around and stretching out his tail, his slightly dulled red and gold scales glimmering with deeper color again in the water. Taking a deep breath, Steve tried to relax his muscles and calm his racing heart. He had never felt so helpless before, seeing Tony so agitated but not being able to do anything about it. In that moment, the size difference between them seemed like a terrible barrier. He couldn’t hug Tony, not properly. He couldn’t reassure him without feeling like he could accidentally injure Tony. For the first time, he wished he could shrink to Tony’s size, or that Tony could turn human-sized.
“Don’t call me that.” She sighed. Alright, so if it wasn’t the course of action she’d chosen then something else was bugging him and that was just great. All she needed really, was more problems.
Steve made a low sound, a sad sort of half chuckle and Bruce watched him curiously out of the corner of his eye as he put the kettle on the heat.
He'd let Bruce strap him up down in the lab and take scans of his brain while they connected once. It had been strangely beautiful to watch their brain maps light up like  twin cities after dark, the impression of Bruce's wonder growing within his consciousness like a flower in bloom.
Behind his closed eyes he keeps seeing the same face, crinkled brow, grinning mouth, blue eyes glittering with mirth, and a desperate sense of horrified guilt wells up inside of him that he can’t make sense of.
He’d agreed to join the initiative because it was the right thing, to help the Gata regain a measure of what had been stolen from them; but more selfishly, it was a way of saying what he’d never get to say to Bucky now. Your people are my people. Your fight is my fight. I’ll follow you to the end of all there is.
The Asgardian armor she'd attempted to outfit his friends with was loose on Steve in places but some creative cinching and buckling made it do well enough, but Clint and Bruce were not fairing as well.
Christmas Eve was one of the few days of the year that guaranteed that come morning, Tony could be found rising from his bed at a decent hour and well rested on top of it. Well, as well rested as a guy like him could get when regular sleep was a distant dream his body had dreamed in time gone by.
He knew that reliving their old memories was the only time when Bucky got to be Bucky. When his days weren’t about the tortures he’d glimpsed in Natasha’s memories. He didn’t care how dangerous it was, he wasn’t going to take that away – not when it could be the key to bringing Bucky back!
“Wakanda follows a system passed down from the first Alurio. When a queen-fel is old enough, they are given to the Queen for training in the ranks of the Dora Milaje, the beloved ones. All of the other beloved ones are toms. They are the best and brightest selected from among the many tribes that make up Wakanda. They become ambassadors for their tribes as well as the royal family’s fiercest and most dedicated warriors,” T’Challa began to explain.
"Are you his Consort then, Prince of Asgard, that you speak so readily for him?" Bastet asked with another bored flick of her tail and Odin looked like he was going to have a stroke even as Thor's mother bit back a smile.
that suddenly made Tony doubt her twenty years of age. She seemed like just a girl to him sometimes, a child playing at Atlas with the world on her shoulders.
“You got a little sloppy with the mental walls last night Stark. Bruce and I could probably give you the play by play. That’s how we know you took teeth.”
“Nakia thinks so. She complains that I do nothing but talk about you.” T’Challa admitted with an easy candor and Tony felt some of that heat moving to his cheeks and mildly resented how relaxed that tea had made him.
That as it turned out, was the reason behind Natasha’s coldness to the tom. She’d figured him out almost immediately, and Tony wanted to be angry for that, for allowing the ruse to continue but as she’d pointed out, Fury had all but told them Wakanda would be sending someone to evaluate their Pride.
He's got the claws and the speed and everything else it takes to be a great hunter (a great warrior) and Howard's brains on top of it.
“Yes dead. Has been since the forties. But if we discount the years Steve spent frozen, then for about a year in awake time.”
Tony explains that he likes the machines, the click and whir of their gears and parts in his ears. They lull him to sleep. Even Hughard isn’t insane enough to bring his infant son to the shipyard before he’s a year old, but Papa always pretends not to notice when Tony sneaks in and finds a place for himself under his desk or the drafting table, to take a nap or just sit and watch.
He didn't know how to make it stop, knew that when you were this broken you were supposed to see a head shrink, but even if all the material he'd read said it was different these days (less shameful) there was a terrifying amount of certainty sitting quietly in the back of his consciousness that no doctor could close his wounds.
“You didn’t know about Jaime until today,” she said, maybe just to say it out loud. It was clear she didn’t need Steve’s confirmation. There was something very hard about her expression. “This boy is -”
“I need to know that you want a future with me. That you know there’s no going back. That you’ll be there with me, fighting for us because we’re
“I told you why I didn’t want to get pregnant Ty but it didn’t matter to you. I made those blockers because I knew you and Stone were the kind of bastards who don’t hear no! And guess what asshole, the answer is still no!”
Tony’s fingers literally itched to touch it and he had to bite back all the questions he had (what kind of metal was that, how did it work, what kind of alloy had that kind of flexibility without compromising integrity) because Pepper kept telling him it was rude to ask someone about their tech before you knew their name.
That made even less sense. The only two Tony trusted to see him through heat were Bruce and Clint and Tony had noticeably not shared a heat with Clint in a while. Tony ended his confusion a moment later when he squeezed Steve’s hands and looked up at him through the dark fan of his eyelashes.
“Hate to keep disappointing everybody, but I really would.” Tony tried not to think about the way Steve had backed him against the shower wall, the way his fingers had left bruises, clutching at him with possessive fury. A kind of punishment that while neither unwelcome (nor undeserved) couldn’t help but leave an aftertaste of bitterness. It was a new kind of sex for them. The first time their bodies had come together driven by frustration, fear, and a desperate desire to feel in control again. And even if in the end had been better, more emotionally honest, Tony wasn’t naïve enough to think that good sex and a few declarations of love would solve everything. T’Challa’s invitation to dinner might have distracted Steve this time but sooner or later he was going to remember that Tony was the kind of person who could do terrible things and make terrible choices.
“I’ll deal with them.” Steve answered in a clipped tone, command back in full force. “If it’s between your life and some irrational feelings that may spring up, then I don’t see how there’s a contest.”
But Thor had made him consider another possibility. If Tony's body couldn’t meet the new demands on its own, then it could use a hand, or maybe a couple thousand little helping hands.
Unimportant. He had to finish the mission. Ivan tossed the object aside and ran through the door of the shop, drawing his short rifle out of the folds of his jacket. He ignored the shouts of several officers who came running toward him from the south end of the strip, their shoes squeaking and squealing on the polished floor. His eyes searching and finding instead where the fourth armored kat was running with the Walsh girl a floor below, headed toward the second set of escalators. They’d been distracting the most dangerous players on the field to give their teammate time to get away, but Ivan could not let them get away.
Tony drew back in surprise, their hands tugging until Steve drew to a stop. Tony knew very well what a kennel club was. With the advances that Gata had made in society and the new wave of more public interspecies romances, they weren't as notorious as they'd once been. They were even legal now in more progressive states like New York, but they still came with a certain stigma.
“We are short staffed, so my uncle has been pulled away but I have sufficient experience to take it from here. The Captain has all but healed and Clint is right where he should be.”
“She said that we need to trust our bonds, that if they are strong a Queen need not magic or medicine.”
“You know, that really does sound great only, I’ve got that appointment with Banner and Ms. Cho,” Tony replied, referring to his surgery, which had been postponed due to pregnancy scares and business with SHIELD, the crazy of the week and haggling with the state government of Massachusetts.
He reaches out, puts a hand to the surface. Traces web like cracks and tries to see past them to get a decent look at his own reflection. Who would he see if the mirror were whole?
“This is one of my favorite songs,” he admitted with a wistful smile. “My mother used to sing it all the time.”
It was quiet in the room except for the sound of breathing, some harsher than others, and Natasha watched silently as Tony swallowed back his emotions, drawing inward behind walls that seemed all the more glaring now for how close the touch of his mind had been only seconds before.
He liked the soft fur on his ears and tail especially but Bruce didn't like to dwell on the particulars too much. He was just glad for it.
"Aye, I have observed this." Thor answered with a very somber expression. "This year I think should be different."
The Widow is there, shouting a warning to Iron Man as Wanda materialized from thin air to throw a fiery red bomb within their midst. Ivan wasn’t surprised at all when Pietro appeared at her side a second later, winking down at Ivan before grabbing her wrist. They’ve practiced speeding together enough for the maneuver to have become instinct. The twins are gone before the Avengers can blink, and Ivan is gone before the smoke can even clear.
So no more midnight raids, which meant they needed tags. Amory had done the research and unsurprisingly Stark Industries had the market cornered on smart non-choke collars for Gata, but ViXon didn’t have JARVIS on the lookout so they were the obvious winner.
Right. The last thing his teammates needed was Tony fumbling around in their heads like some virgin on prom night.
A glitch maybe? He was about to ask Natasha what she thought when they were both distracted by a humming sound over the commlink.
"I see." Luke the newbie made a slight humming sound and Clint stared at him for a long moment, but he couldn't detect any judgment in either the sound or his expression.
Of late, when he was home Thor found himself going to the top of the tower once they sky had darkened. There was a comfort in being under the stars of their youth, and a perhaps silly part of Thor that knew that down in his cell Loki would be casting his illusions and was further comforted by the thought, that even if Loki refused to see him they could still stand under the same stars.
“His pulse is elevating.” T’Challa’s voice was almost lost over the rapid sound of beeping from the heart monitor.
Tony took a deep shuddered breath and let it out quickly, plastered a smile on his face and sat up with a groan sending Tink and Stripes rolling to the floor with giggles.
“Why would you throw your shield?” Fandral asked with a shocked scoff. “While they are not so big as dragons, they still have powerful magic and are capable of breathing fire. You would be a fool to throw away your shield.”
Tony having already worked open the back of the phone and cracked open the casing on the system unit to get to the motherboard, glanced up sharply from his work to pin the woman with a glare. The kit’s distress washing through him like a wave made his hands shake and he tried to blink away the sensation. He needed steady hands for this. He needed to get a message to the team and put together a working repulsor and he only really had time to do one of those things, unless he took some major risks.
That's all "gentling therapy" was code for. The asinine belief that socializing fels with toms and breeding them a few times was all it took to make an unhappy kitten all smiles.
Or early afternoon. Whatever. Thank God for scary mental connections that allowed his teammate to monitor his bodily condition even at a distance. Her reach must be getting stronger if she’d known he was waking from several floors down.
Don't do that. He reminded himself. Don't demean the people who care about you by demeaning their choice to care about you.
Tony closed his mouth, unable to come up with a proper response for that because, crazy as it was to even consider, Thor was right. There was so much about the Alurio that had gotten lost, that might never be recovered but this Bastet, she'd been there at the beginning. The extent of what she could tell him was invaluable, but Tony was struck suddenly with a bitter feeling that after several seconds of thought he finally placed as abandonment.
Tony grit his teeth. Harley’s words and actions were brave but the kid was terrified. Tony could feel it buzzing at the back of his mind but the kit wouldn’t let the fear stop him. He was determined to help even if it risked his life or ended up costing him everything. He was bright and good, and so damn eager to prove himself it was painful to look at.
“Do you accuse my Prince of lying?” Nakia asked with a dangerous sounding hiss and Tony’s fur practically stood on end in warning. In about two seconds they were going to have an all-out brawl on their hands.
They'd brought in a nurse to appease some of the lobbyists who were raising a stink about inhumane treatment. And then it happened. One day the nurse brought her kid along for the ride, and the kid and Barnes had bonded. It wasn't as deep as a pride bond but it was as close as any kat had gotten since the drugs were introduced.
He jabs angrily in the direction of the other boy. "There's your thief. This man saved my things! Why are you arresting him?"
Tony’s kits won’t belong to him, they’ll belong to Pepper and sure he doesn’t have it bad, Pepper’s amazing and she’d never sell him or his kits and she’d probably even let him parent (but maybe not because even he can admit he’d probably be a terrible parent and Pepper probably should intervene) but they’ve got enemies and Pepper is only human, so Tony knew how fragile it all was.
Curiously there was a long moment of silence where everyone looked to the tom with interest and Luke appeared to be weighing his words very carefully. Tony wondered why that was, his eyes flickering to the spot on his chest where he knew the tom's shirt covered the necklace he wore.
See? You were the stupid fuck who signed your soul away, thinking you were going to be free or some shit. Of course you’re not. You’re still just an animal, only good for tricks or sic'ing some poor sod when master says ‘sic em,  and if you out live your use… well just make sure you never make that mistake.
Please don’t, he thought privately. Thankfully Sam didn’t seem inclined to ask, shaking his head with a chuckle as he teased.
They’d been through enough as it was and they weren’t soldiers or pawns to be used in anyone’s vendetta.
Instead of taking out his mark he’d gone AWOL. They’d been prepared to die together between SHIELD and the KGB hunting them down, but Phil had convinced Fury they were worth more alive than dead; and Clint really got it then, that Coulson meant what he said about standing behind him, making sure he had what he needed to succeeded and evaluating his performance with fairness. He hadn't just been talking shit when he called Clint a person and said that people needed to take care of themselves and be taken care of to be an effective part of a team.
“Look, can we get something clear between us?” Tony prompted, pulling the tom’s focus back from the never-ending mysteries of the Super Soldier Serum and T’Challa nodded slowly. “I’m with Steve. I don’t know how this whole courting thing is done in Wakanda but it really doesn’t matter. Steve and I, we’ve chosen to be in a relationship, exclusively with each other, so for the sake of starting fresh and building trust between all of us, I’d appreciate it if you’d respect what I’m telling you and cancel this little competition you’ve got going with him.”
He told himself that it was a stupid thought. Luke had never been anything but civil toward him before and there was no reason for that to have changed.
Natasha thought towards him as he entered the kitchen. Thor was there with her, along with Steve and that Luke guy.
Natasha was his and he hers. They shared a struggle and now they shared a life together. Tony Stark could no longer claim he didn’t have family, but that was okay. Fear or no fear, that was exactly what he’d wanted and before he was set to go under the metaphorical knife the team had gathered together after dinner to see about making that family a little bit bigger.
Spotting it, T’Challa chuckled, shaking his head once more as he muttered, “my mother would yank both our ears if she saw us this way.”
This close it was easy to see the flecks of amber and the deep swirls of marron in the tom’s eye. He’d been fascinated by them the night they’d met, Tony remembered. Even in shock he’d noticed how arresting they were, like the stare of a jungle cat.
While mounting, a tom sinks their teeth into it and a signal shoots up to the brain and strait down to the ovaries to start serving up eggs. With any luck over the next couple of days of heat driven continuous coupling, the two will part oh so proud parents to be. The Ovular-Gland is touch sensitive, the more enflamed the more so, but it takes a fare amount of continuous pressure to flip the switch so when tom’s bite, they bite hard and they hold on for dear life. It’s commonly called latching, and it also happens to be a biological failsafe, because even though heat hormones muddle the brain, as long as you avoid latching a fel can avoid an unwanted pregnancy.
Stone heaved a deep sigh and made like he was going to get up and step toward Stark but a threatening glower from Thor who mirrored his motion by rising from his own seat changed the toms mind.
The tom also had no qualms about using the rafters and beams on the bridge to his advantage. When he narrowly dodged a blow just to swing back around and kick Steve square in the back, Steve lost his footing and slammed into the side of the bridge.
If God’s were real and perhaps kinder, he would have been a hunter in one of the prides of old. She wondered sometimes if that might not be the source of the deeply seeded rage that had given Hulk life. Perhaps like her, inside Bruce there was an innate understanding of the brutal and violent nature in which he had been broken and then remade. With an understanding like that there was no soothing. No redemption. Just a violent revenge.
Steve tugged Tony closer, his thumb running over the inside of Tony's palm as he entreated, "That's not what this is about. The thing is, in my day the only place a guy like me in love with a guy like you could feel safe to show it was a place like this. But if they raided the place and caught you there it was a one way ticket to getting stamped and Bucky never wanted to take that risk. When he died, I regretted it. I regretted never taking the chance."
He didn’t waste time mooning over it though because crazy Killian was getting up. As soon as Catman was clear and Tony had enough room to sit up he did, firing two repulsor blasts viciously into the villain’s chest, screaming in pain as the chip nestled against his palm crackled and burst as electric current exploded from his palm.
"You mean it wasn't..." Tony hesitated, not wishing to upset her again but pushing forward at the narrowing of her eyes. Even now (especially now) she didn't like to be coddled. "It wasn't the Red Room?"
Thinking about her as some sort of abstract myth had been one thing. Thinking about her as a flesh and blood being, a mother, who had given life to his species and then left, was entirely another.
Observing the flow of the battle, Tony was sure he was the key. Take off the head and the body will follow.
Good Tony thought. JARVIS had to be combing every net available for a sign of him, eventually he’d come across the frequency with E.T.’s pulses so it was only a matter of when really. But there was no telling how quickly AIM would be after them. Tony needed a way to contact the team and send them their exact location. It needed to happen fast but Tony was good with working under pressure. With the right materials, he could get a message out to JARVIS.
Tony thought back just to be a dick and grinned around a mouthful of fish at the blank stare she gave him in return. "Bruce, like the rest of us, has trust issues a mile wide. The chances of her not being connected to somebody within our bubble are small."
Bruce agreed, and Tony shrugged. He was good for it. Sonia was staring at him, clearly perplexed but trying hard not to show it.
Okay. So he may have misjudged his readiness to go through another portal in space, and as it turned out "bridge" was just a fancy name for portal in Thor speak. Note for self. He totally hated portals. Would not recommend.
“How about spelling constantly late?” Pepper intervened just as Harley had opened his mouth, her high heels clicking smartly on the kitchen tile as she waltzed into the room to survey all their costumes critically.
They both looked at him and waited. Lambs, at the mercy of a sentimental butcher. They’re both bruised and littered with cuts, but thankfully all of them look shallow.  Even the cut on Pietro’s head had stopped bleeding, but he’d need bandages and antiseptic.
But Clint wasn’t called Hawkeye for nothing. Shooting a moving target that moved as fast as Steve, while that target darted between hedges and posts, while he himself struggled for his balance might have been impossible for most sharp shooters, but not for Clint Barton; because Steve only had a second to savor the sweet rush of victory watching the archer fall and his disk begin its return arc, before something whacked against his back with enough force to make him stumble.
Glancing coldly back at Luke he sneered, "Maybe that’s what you and all the other conservo-nazis on the planet think, but for your information, I chose to belong to Phil and he chose to belong to me. That is how a relationship works."
"He’s up to something." Steve murmured under his breath. Natasha didn't turn toward him but he could tell she heard by the amused slant her mouth took.
He didn't have the cosmetic differences that set Tony so far apart from everyone else and made it impossible for him to blend in (no furry ears, no tail, or retractable claws) so when you think about it he got the best of both worlds.
“So Tony should be insulted that you most likely scored this fish from C-Town.” Natasha remarked sounding unimpressed and Tony wondered at it. Something was bugging her.
Hughard inspects him critically and Tony worries because he can feel the tension in his hands, the way they tremble with suppressed rage. He’s sure he’s going to be hit again. Especially when Hughard growls.
"Just the lucky ones," Steve replied almost deadpan except for the mischievous glint in his eye he couldn't quite suppress, and there was just something about that expression on the face of Captain America, Mr. Apple Pie himself, that made Tony laugh in delight.
The library catches Becca stealing a book and they sever her contract. Mr. Banner charges into their room that night and grabs her by the hair.
"Then one night we liberated this hospital in France that the Germans were using as a base. When they heard we were coming they sent all the women and children out in front because they knew it would slow us down.
The reality of Tony's trust was... hard to grasp. Bruce had stopped trusting people a long time ago. It was kind of a hard thing to do when you couldn’t even trust yourself. He scared people, and rightly so, but Tony handled Bruce like he handled everything (except his own emotions). Head on, free and fearless in a way that was a bit breathtaking. Bruce was envious. Well up to a point. Tony, was also reckless in a way that was hard to watch when you cared about him.
There was something pained about his expression, Bruce noted, as Steve cleared his throat. Tony had gone stiff under Bruce's hands and he cringed, already knowing that whatever Tony was going to say next wasn't likely to help. Tony was just really good at getting under the captain's skin.
“Slow down fierce and mighty hunter. Remember what I said about training wheels. We’ve got to take this one step at a time.”
T’Challa for his part seemed equally amused, his eyes going strangely soft and just that tad distant that gave Steve the impression they might be thinking of the same person.
“Among the Alurio it was custom when invited into a foreign Queen’s territory to come with offerings. One had to step very carefully. An offense could easily result in a loss of limbs or a war between Prides. So, as a symbol of admiration and willing submission this dish was prepared to bring with the offerings. It can take weeks to fetch the right ingredients, and it was thought that the rarer the fish caught for the meat the more honor given to the ones it was served to.”
“We’re oh so happy to have you here. I’m sure you’re feeling ripe after such a long flight. So what do you say we get this wagon train on the move?”  Tony put a guiding hand against the tom’s muscled back, keeping up with appearances and providing the press with plenty of great photos as he led the tom down the carpet.
Good. If the shelter staff or any of the residents felt like they were better off robbing him and striking out on their own then trusting him to keep them safe, he wasn’t going to blame them at this point but he was going to throw everything he could at it.
“Oh, so now we’re inviting ourselves to dinner? Can’t give this guy an inch.” Clint chuckled and behind the bar Natasha paused to pin T’Challa with a hard stare. T’Challa hadn’t taken his eyes off Tony. It was a little disconcerting.
"You talking to Rogers or the fish?" Rhodey asked with a laugh as Tony all but yanked the plate away from Steve, who just looked amused by it.
“No idea. “ Clint’s voice was raw and trembling but his arm was rock steady as he lifted his bow. “But we can sure as hell burry a bird.”
IF CAPTAIN ROGERS BELONGS TO BUCKY BARNES THEN YOU MUST ACCEPT THE FACT THAT BARNES MAY NOT CHOOSE TO VOLUNTARILY RELINQUISH HIM TO YOU. YOU MUST BE PREPARED TO TAKE, AND IF YOU LEAVE YOUR ADVERSARY ALIVE YOU MUST ACCEPT THE FACT THAT YOU LEAVE A DOOR OPEN FOR BETRAYAL.
When Tony was twenty-three years old the supreme court had ruled that kats were entitled to any equites and properties left to them and could, in conjunction with a licensed handler, control their own estates so long as they were mentally fit to do so.
He and Barney went hungry a lot, got whipped their fair share, but it taught them how to fend for themselves. They learned the rules: Stay ahead. Sleep with an eye open. Always be useful. Play them before they play you.
Thankfully that wasn’t necessary. The (honest to fuck) purple pickup slowed as it came around the bend and came to a stop just before it tapped the bumper of the last rusty bucket of wheels available for rent this far out from Savannah. The driver was had short blond hair and the tool bag was wearing a black t-shirt along with his shades, despite the fact that this was Georgia and it was
They slowed, just as they had with Clint and this time Tony heard it when the female hissed out in her suit’s modulated voice, “Oh god damn it.”
There’s something about being surrounded by other fels. He (Tony) loves those kittens. They are amazing people. They don’t try to take anything or expect him to fulfill some twisted fantasy.
There he sat, curled at his mistress’s feet all gleaming muscle and ‘fuck me eyes’ probably thinking Tony’s whiskers were twitching and his knees liquefying, because he just couldn’t wait to roll over for such a big strong beautiful tom – when in reality all Tony could feel was an increasingly dark disgust.
Thankfully, that Heat had passed within hours, sated under Bruce’s close watch and careful menstruations; but another flare up had returned only days later and they’d been coming off and on ever since.
Tony found his mouth tilting upward in amusement. It was Early morning in New York and even though nobody knew it’s exact location Tony was a hundred percent certain there was at least a seven-hour time difference between them. A fact he often forgot when some new idea or thought struck him and he sent a message to the ship.
Steve heard gunshots over the comms and winced. Any hope he had that they could rescue McKenzie Walsh and apprehend those kids who were in way over their head without any fatalities was rapidly decreasing. Steve had put Bruce and Thor on civilian evacuation because this wasn’t the sort of operation that required heavy hitters and the last thing anyone needed was Hulk raging through the mall. Even so, there was still a distressing number of innocent people between them and whatever was happening on the upper levels that involved gunfire.
and that’s what you want. Because I’m what you want.” Tony held Steve’s and searched his face for some hint of what he was feeling, and Steve stared back at him, eyes widening slightly as he took in Tony’s words. Tony found himself pleading silently that Steve’s answer wouldn’t be some sort of let down. He didn’t know how he’d take a rejection when he felt like the slightest touch from Steve was going to break him.
Bruce winced as Tony rambled through his list of reasons why 'Tony's problems with heat are not Bruce Banner's fault' and shook his head.
Yep. You heard that right six. They’d tried five other stabilizing formulas and besides making Tony violently ill before the virus could wipe the thing out of his system they’d not gotten any results. It was exhausting, and terrifying, because if they couldn’t stabilize the damn thing then he was no better than a ticking time bomb. One of these days, the virus was going to get the better of him.
But there is still apparently stuff in his head to be dragged up, and the man who has been haunting his dreams and thoughts for weeks seems determined to drag them up.
. He berated himself with a groan, rubbing his palm against his eyes in exhaustion.  This wasn’t helping. He’d made the decision to trust T’Challa because they needed him, and that was only getting truer by the second. His instincts told him the tom was being as honest as he could afford to be and as long as Tony wasn’t a complete fool about it and let his attraction make him blind to any red flags or hints of possible threat, then he was doing his best.
Clint just grunted and ears twitching with discomfort Tony shifted, reaching for his tablet. He didn't know what to think.
“I don’t know about the other forty-nine kills but I saw one of them go down. Fifteen years ago I was on a mission for the KGB. I was deep undercover as a dancer in the Russian ballet. I’d been introduced to a Saudi tech magnet who was in the market for a lapkitty. My mission was clear: get close, steal a couple of high grade missile designs and get out, terminate if necessary. But he was crafty and not quick to trust, even a favored pet. My handlers doubted my ability to complete the mission and ordered his assassination. I asked for more time but they warned me to stand down or The Soldier would terminate me along with the target.
“I don’t have a two-by-four. Tell me, do you always turn to such violent measures when you can’t sleep?” He asked, fishing through Tony’s cupboards with purposefulness, comfortable, like he got invited into a billion-dollar penthouse every day. Then again, he was royalty, Tony thought with a snort. Jesus, how had they ever thought this guy was some poor kid from the congo?
The boy is walking away from them, shaking his head more and continuing to mutter. Tony catches in rough German what sounds like "crazy as a cuckoo bird."
"Gross man," Rhodey complained even as Pepper was shaking her head and muttering with a long suffering sigh.
“Very Armageddon of you Bruce. Kind of a morbid note to start out on though.” Tony teased reaching for his hand and Bruce shrugged.
“Yes. Everybody jokes about how you’re an old man, but that’s not true. Mom says life experience is what makes somebody old not age. She helped me figure out the variables see, here’s major events, good choices, oh and bad ones.” Harley eagerly pointed out the different bars on the graph while Tony fought to keep a straight face, nodding along seriously as Steve’s cheeks pinkened.
"No, no of course not, Tiberius is on track to win Best in Show as usual. We're very proud." Robert assured Tony smugly, clapping Ty once on the back in a possessive manner. "But we couldn't miss our chance to thank the big heroes now could we? You and your team did a mighty fine job Tony, your father would be so proud. Imagine his little kitten, saving the day like that."
"Stop that. No touching. My hair was a beautifully styled work of art before you got your mits on it" he grumbled but nobody was taking him seriously. Not even him really. His damn tail was sill tangled in Clint's for god's sake.
"Cuddling with Stark?" Steve arched a golden brow with a huff of breath. "I think he'd try scratching my eyes out first. He doesn't like me very much."
"We'll things are different now." Steve meant it, with every fiber of his being. "He's not alone, and if it takes him all the time we have left to realize that so be it."
"Her parent got pushy. Phil did some digging." Clint replied with another shrug but his mouth got tight around the words. Tony almost wished he could see his eyes behind his sunglasses. "He was a little too invested in breeding her and way too friendly with senator Stern for my comfort."
What did he do? Well it’s not what he’s done, it’s what he’s going to do. Or rather, more accurately what he might have the potential to do.
Steve took advantage of their enemy’s distraction and threw his own shield, which caught the boy right in the ribs and toppled him over like a bowling pin. He fell with a painful sounding thud and groaned a low curse.
“Should I have told him he was going to be alright Stevie? Huh was that the last time he was going to have to swallow his own blood? Was it?! Only when you're dead. That's when you're free. Only when you're good and dead.”
Steve continued opening the box in a daze, realizing that Tony was even more of a genius than he had initially assumed. He considered that he had several million dollars in his account as he placed the contents of the box on the table: even more tools and electronic items, but all human-sized so he had no idea what use they would be for Tony. There was also a blue machine about seven inches high that Steve couldn’t identify. Tony flopped around on the table in excitement, touching each item and clutching a wrench to his body at one point.
Something occurred to him, something Tony had said earlier. Steve frowned and asked, “When I said this Courting Ceremony is for you to meet people and be sure about who you chose, you said that wasn’t what it’s for. What is it for then?”
He couldn’t bear it any longer. Clutching at the sheets beneath his grasping hands, Tony whispered, “Steve, please…”
This bare brush of Steve’s nose against his skin, the whisper of air against his face as Steve breathed him in was the most erotic sensation Tony had ever experienced. He felt his stomach clench, his whole body oriented towards Steve who had him caged in. Tony was getting wet. He realized in a daze that he had never gotten wet so easily, with all his clothes still on and at the touch of an Alpha’s nose against his face. Not even when he was in heat had he experienced such sharp arousal so fast and so keenly.
On the stage, Tony looked across the crowd. “Thank you all for coming to celebrate me.” The comment and the unrepentantly cheeky smile earned him a ripple of laughter. “As many of you know, I had rejected the idea of hosting a Courting Ceremony for most of my adult life. But with age comes the ability to change my mind, and frankly, to hold a party whenever the hell I want. This isn’t just a Courting Ceremony to me. It’s a celebration of life, of what we have survived, of what we have achieved. It’s a celebration of all of us.
All of a sudden, he pinned Steve’s hips to the wall with one hand. He knew Steve was letting him do that since there was no way he was a match against that superserum strength. It was a thrill to know that he had Steve, this Alpha stronger than most Alphas, obeying his every signal.
“You idiot,” Rhodes said, even as he stroked Tony affectionately over his back, shifting to keep hold of Tony’s wriggling body. “How come this kind of shit always happens to you?”
What...what was he doing? Why was he waving? Steve hurriedly put his hand down and turned around sharply.
Before Tony can respond, Clint pipes up through the communicator, “All it took was one fake interrupted vacation. Megalomaniacs are so easy.”
Tony wasn’t as distanced from the death as he obviously wished he was. Life was like that. Relationships weren’t so easy to cut off, even when there was deep betrayal involved.
Steve felt a little worried. Today was just going very strangely. But he sat down on the couch with Tony, placing the glass of seawater on the coffee table.
It was indeed Sam, and he groaned and moaned his way through his dance with Steve, making it all of two minutes. His scent remained steady though, light and earthy, so Steve knew Sam was mostly being dramatic. Natasha in a deep green mask was nimble enough to avoid Steve’s lethal feet, but that meant Steve made no progress at all with learning to dance since he mostly stumbled around while Natasha avoided his feet. Dancing so close together, if he could call what he was doing dancing, he could smell her amusement.
But Steve wasn’t as enamored with her as Tony obviously was. For one thing, Amber wasn’t actually a pet dog or pet cat. She wasn’t trainable, she didn’t listen to orders and they had no idea what normal behavior was for her. Doctor Strange had been serious when he had said he didn’t want to hear from them again, so their resident expert was of no help either.
Usually his desk was a hive of activity when Tony was there, but that day, it was unusually quiet. There was nothing being manufactured by the miniature fabrication units that took up a quarter of the desk now. Tony wasn’t flopping about in front of his tablet, ordering DUM-E and U about in high pitched whistles and clicks. There wasn’t DUM-E hiding behind Steve’s arm when Tony inevitably scolded him, which usually resulted in Tony waving his little fists even more and then touching Steve’s arm to scold Steve as well for spoiling DUM-E.
For some reason, Tony’s eyes bored straight into Steve’s at that, which was always a sign that he had something to hide. He sounded casual as he explained, “We needed some big bash to remind the world that the Earth keeps spinning and we’re still alive. A little bit of a pick me up. And for charity as well, to help with some of the rebuilding that’s still going on.”
. Everything felt too warm and his collar was already unbuttoned, but he wanted to unbutton it even more. He wanted more air, cool air against his cheeks, but he didn’t want to put down the sunroof because…because it didn’t feel safe. He didn’t want the night sky above his head, he wanted to be home, in his den, in his nest.
Steve’s shield was covered in marshmallow and it was clear that Steve had kept his face clear of flying sugary treats, but the rest of his body that hadn’t been blocked by the shield was coated in sticky burnt goop. Natasha was standing behind Clint, but even she had burnt marshmallow on her annoyed face and Clint was almost completely covered in the stuff. Clint was also drawn mid-motion, throwing with deadly precision a handful of marshmallow at Tony who was in the middle of the street, laughing with his faceplate up.
Steve wasn’t even meant to be there, he thought mournfully. He had received an invite from Tony to attend his birthday party, as an apology for getting headbutted on S.I. property from a guy who had a vendetta against Tony. Steve had felt a little flustered when he had found the personal invitation and note on his desk, but Coulson had asked him to go anyway.
“He once called Iron Man a multimillion dollar robot fetish come to life,” Tony responded, eyes bright with amusement and smugness.
Another person right at the steps leading up to the stage handed Steve a very large box. “Your gift that you sent in earlier, Sir.”
Taking one look at Steve, T’Challa must have felt some pang of sympathy because he leaned in close and said, “Steve, calm down. You need to steady yourself.”
Grinning, Tony said, “I’m going to hang this in the living room so everyone is reminded of what fucking great superheroes we are.”
When he gets back to the counter with his prize - two bottles of cold water - Steve’s still there, but now he’s looking a tad impatient.
“Flying...snake. Yeah, I can’t accept this gift. I would make a terrible pet owner, just ask anyone. I’m sorry, Thor. Thanks for coming, but I can’t accept this,” Tony said, leaning away from the rattling, hissing box.
They were a pair of Scentears. One earring was a miniature Captain America shield, while the other was an intricate, miniature Harley Davidson. When Steve gently touched the motorcycle with his finger, the wheels turned.
. To eliminate half the world’s population, one town at a time, so we can save the rest. The world is full of pain, but with this bomb, I could simply snap my fingers and they would all cease to exist. I call that...mercy."
The way ‘this person’ was said, one would think it was in reference to the lowest criminal on earth, not a reference to Steve Rogers, best human in the universe.
After Doctor Strange explained the situation involving Thanos, there were a lot of discussions around what to do. Bucky mostly kept out of it, uninterested and feeling like he didn’t have enough grasp on the situation to comment.
And the always fluent Tony, who always had a quip and a smart comeback on the tip of his tongue seemed at a loss of words. A hushed silence fell across the thousands of people staring up at the stage, feeling the unexpected weight of the moment, realizing Tony’s seriousness after all his previous flippancy.
“Our communication has been positive so far. And I’m tempting him with a state of the art lab,” Tony said with a grin. “He might have had his reservations before about joining the Avengers considering the ties to S.H.I.E.L.D.—”
Tony put a hand out and Steve took it in a daze, wishing in a moment of last minute fretting that he wore a coffee scent after all since they were going to be dancing and standing close together and Tony was going to
That was what he kept telling himself. But if that hussy of an Omega didn’t take his paws off Steve right this second, Tony was going to blast him into space. Tony turned away from the sight of that beautiful young Omega, all riotous curly dark hair and fluttering long lashes, hovering over Steve and probably polluting the air around Steve with his scent.
Steve asked with awe, “So that’s what you’ve been working on all this time? An arc reactor, a combination of tech with magic?”
It was a little flattering to know that he still got it, but most of the time, Tony found this kind of attention irritating. Heat was just a regular part of life, something that came upon all Omegas every quarter. That shouldn’t make them more interesting. Tony was interesting
Natasha pointed out, “The end product is probably the result of a tug of war between the very expensive event coordinators and Tony.”
Not one to turn down such an invitation, Steve pressed the wet head of the pen to Tony’s hole and pushed in very, very slowly and gently. Tony gasped and pushed back impatiently, moving between the hard intrusion and the supple warmth of Steve’s glove. As the widening end of the pen breached his rim, Tony gripped Steve’s finger and squeezed tight enough for even Steve to feel the pressure of those small hands.
Suddenly, there was a guy in front of him with a deep blue mask that had silver filigree. Steve could recognize Bucky anywhere, from his scent, from his movement, didn’t need to see his face to know who it was. And of course, because it was Bucky, he grabbed Steve’s hands and placed them in the standard dancing positions.
“Captain Rogers, Mister Stark has fallen asleep outside of his water again,” J.A.R.V.I.S. announced as Steve was finishing with the curry he was making. It was one of the few dishes he could actually cook with some level of competency, and he knew Tony loved it.
Doctor Strange took Steve, Natasha and Sam ahead to New York through that magic gold ring thing. It was like something straight out of a fantasy novel. Then he had apparently gone to fetch Vision and Wanda, leaving another sorcerer by the name of Wong to convince Wakanda that their involvement was critical.
“You mean...like telepathy in science fiction?” Steve asked, wondering what other strange things his hallucination was going to say next.
When Steve had asked Tony once why he wanted to be in the Avengers when he could instead focus on his clean energy plans and on cleaning the ocean, Tony had looked offended and said, “One, I can multitask, thank you very much. Two, I live on this Earth too, you know. If there’s going to be alien threats that regular people can’t handle, then I want to help.”
He was in the Avengers tower, after travelling to New York from California. His apartment in the tower was untouched, left as is, ready for him to use any time he was visiting. Even though he knew he could ask F.R.I.D.A.Y. for any sort of specially scented soap and shampoo, he was using his usual scentless shampoos and scentless soap. He knew it was a decision that could possibly cost him Tony’s favor, because the other suitors would be wearing all kinds of scent-blockers to hide their nerves, or scent-enhancers to smell more attractive. Going natural scented was old-fashioned and considered to be a disadvantage.
Something hot flared in Steve, because Tony’s heat was tapering off, but he was still in heat, and he had just said he liked
Tony rambled, and Steve’s imagination was conjuring images that was making him go red in the face. Then Tony continued,
Looping an arm around Steve’s waist, Tony said to the audience, “In case you’ve been living under a rock, I just want to be very clear that I’m choosing Steve Rogers, AKA Captain America. Thank you for coming to my Courting Ceremony and for bearing witness to the start of our courtship.” He flung out his free hand, making a V with his index and middle finger.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him snugly close to him. “It’s so that no one sees what happens. You agreed on that yesterday.”
“You didn’t come over to me straight away. You kept talking to Vicente and Alexandre first,” Steve mumbled, looking out from his arm with one eye.
Tony blinked, and then blinked again. Then he cracked up, doubling over in laughter. Steve stood there in mortified silence but tried to maintain a stoic facade. Finally, Tony wiped the tears from his eyes and he asked in a wobbly voice, clearly trying not to continue laughing, “The new age dance fitness exercise is why you can take down half a dozen robots?”
Tony huffs and Steve rolls his eyes good naturedly. It’s not that Tony can’t walk, it’s that he chooses not to unless it’s absolutely necessary. Even then, he tries not to be charitable about it. Steve tries to soothe some of the pain of walking by throwing an arm over Tony’s shoulders but Tony eyes him like he knows what’s up. That doesn’t stop him shuffling closer so that he can take advantage of the inches and bulk Steve has on him.
Why was Steve smiling so much? Tony was fuming because those beautiful smiles were meant to be just for him. Just him.
Groaning against Tony’s lips, Steve pulled back a little. His nostrils flared and he murmured, “I can smell you getting wet.”
“At least we’re nowhere as bad as that,” Tony said to Rhodey, pointing a fork at the idiot duo on the other side of the table.
It was a relief for him to go on a coffee break, to be able to stretch his legs and head to the ground floor cafe for a much needed walk away from his desk. But since he was still new on the job, and he couldn’t afford to lose this cover at S.I., he decided to bring his coffee back to his desk rather than be gone for too long. The aroma of coffee was strong in the hot steam rising up from the hole in the lid. He had asked for his coffee to be extra hot, having gotten used to the taste of burnt coffee from his time in the army.
He took in the sight of Tony on the couch and his movements slowed with extra caution. With a lazy smile, Tony lifted a hand and wriggled his fingers in greeting. It wouldn’t be hard for Fury to guess what they had been doing recently with their mussed up hair and wrinkled outfits, especially with Tony obviously wearing Steve’s clothing. But Steve couldn’t care less what Fury assumed, as long as he didn’t know Tony’s actual origins. Steve had no idea what S.H.I.E.L.D. would do if they found out about a whole race of small magic-wielding merpeople and he wondered how they were going to keep Tony’s actual identity under wraps from an organization like S.H.I.E.L.D..
All the lights in the hall dimmed significantly until they could barely see each other’s faces. Then suddenly, several spotlights shone down onto the stage just as it split open down the middle. Iron Man shot out from the hole in the stage amidst a suddenly dazzling array of laser lights, the sound of his repulsor blasts adding to the music.
It went on, an endless feedback loop that lasted almost an hour, until Steve’s knot subsided and his cock finally slipped out. Tony felt slick and come dribble out of him, felt Steve’s wandering fingers touch his hole, pushing the come back in with shaking fingers.
Clint replied with a huff, “It was all they were talking about outside. They asked me about it when I was coming in and I looked like an idiot, standing there gaping at them.”
“Yeah, I’ve only been with Betas and let me tell you, my Courting gifts were unparalleled. One time, I prepared this—”
He couldn’t deny that Tony was pretty cute around Amber. She was often found perched on Tony’s shoulder or curled in Tony’s lap while Tony stroked her scales and ridges with a fond smile. Tony seemed to be endlessly enthusiastic about his ‘experiments’ on what she was willing to eat and was able to digest. So far, the list of things included any vegetables, any meat, a chair leg, the remote control, a glass tumbler along with the whiskey that was in it, an unopened can of tomato soup including its contents, various screws and a light fixture. They hadn’t yet found something she wasn’t actually willing to eat, although at least she did refrain from eating something if Tony told her not to.
“Let’s take Thanos’ car. The bomb is probably in it and no way am I leaving this with SHIELD,” Tony suggests, before asking Thor, “You can take it from here, big guy?”
It was stupid advice that did nothing to solve Steve’s problem, but it was delivered in Bucky’s matter of fact way that was so familiar by now. Somehow, the lack of comforting and soothing words actually comforted and soothed Steve’s anxiety.
He suspected he knew, what with the glowing circle on Tony’s chest. He had thought maybe all merpeople had it, some kind of evolutionary trait. How wrong he was.
Steve wanted nothing more than to lean forward and press his lips to where his thumb was stroking, but he wanted Tony to be very sure about Steve’s position in this. He pulled back and Tony seemed to lean forward, following his retreating hand, which made Steve’s heart skip a beat in joy.
, someone who wasn’t Steve. He had no idea if John Oliver was an Alpha, Beta or Omega, but it didn’t matter because Tony’s taste ran towards all of them and Tony was still in heat talking about liking someone else.
Tony’s flush deepened and he coughed, looking away momentarily. But he didn’t pull his hand away, he didn’t seem at all opposed to the move. The sad look in his eyes had faded a little as well, replaced by mild bewilderment and surprise, like he still couldn’t believe it. Finally, Tony looked at Steve and cleared his throat.
“I appreciate a man who isn’t afraid to call Iron Man a giant sex toy. After all, you have to admit, my armor is pretty sexy.”
His hot breath on Tony’s ear drove a shiver up his spine, which resulted in Rhodey chucking a bit of toast at them to stop their ‘canoodling’ in his own words.
In less than a minute, Steve made short work of Tony’s pants even as Tony made no effort to help at all. His hands just wandered over Steve’s wide shoulders, traced down his stunning back, pinched at pebbled rosy nipples. It was lovely. Steve was lovely. Everything was just...lovely.
It was definitely a strange feeling; the wet scales against his skin, the little body resting in his palm.
A low snarl slipped past Tony's lips and it was only the gentle grip Natasha took of his elbow that halted the vicious words that wanted to leap off of his tongue.
“My father like his fore-fathers has two wives, but no one can hold his heart like my mother holds it. I have often wondered if my Second-Mother suffers heartache loving someone who cannot hold her in his heart above all others.”
Their nightgown hangs off their bony shoulders, but then again it always did. Their mistress fed them scraps from the table but sometimes she withheld. A dancer’s lines must be long and lean she always said, and kittens had a propensity for plushy figures.
Ah. Tony realized now that it’s too late. Fury had needed Tony to take control and had known better than to try and tell him to do it. Clever. Oh well, he couldn’t really be mad at getting exactly what he wanted. Especially when he’d be walking away from this whole thing with his independence.
Tony, still staring at the tom, abruptly burst out laughing. He must look deranged because T’Challa understandably looked perplexed, even a little uneasy.
Tony licked his lips as he decided what to say in answer, because the truth was so much still stood to chance and he didn't want to hurt Bruce with false hopes if the things they'd seen never came to pass.
“Getting close to you was necessary by any means. It pains me to say that because I know it is the reason you will not believe me when I say that doing so was a pleasure I had not anticipated. The conflict I felt in my purpose for being here is the closest I’ve ever come to regretting the love I bear for my people.”
"I know you did," Tony acknowledged crossing the room to stand next to Banner who somehow managed to look the saddest Tony had ever seen him look and yet painfully hopeful. Sighing, Tony gave in to the need to be close and leaned down to wrap his arms around the brunette, resting his chin between Bruce's furry ears and letting his comforting scent surround him.
Clint wanted to get up now, make sure Stark and Cap weren’t doing the verbal version of a knife fight, and to make sure Tony wasn’t ingesting that reality TV shit (not today) but he couldn’t do any of that because he couldn’t fucking move. God he hated hospitals.
. But it’s like a dream he’d had long ago, the impressions stronger than the details. He remembers how they’d forged him like a weapon in the furnace, and how he’d resisted. He’d held that man in his heart – the one whose name he can’t remember – and waited for death. But Something had changed. Something had made him choose the words that would bind him inside his own head and make him a tool for Hydra.
Walking beside them father chuckles. Leaning close to mother to press a kiss against his brow, tickling the boy’s whiskers.
“And it just so happens that I have a budding interest in medical science, bad heart.” Tony gave the arc reactor a tap. “Mr. Killian’s pretty eager to sit down with me. I’m headed up to the family lodge but he’s happy to meet me at the Stark Warehouse up there.”
Bruce has given up, but not the way that Tony thought. He's not so emotionally stunted that he can't see the difference.
Steve was a big boy. He knew what he wanted. He didn’t have to be tied to Barnes forever just because they’d loved each other once. Why should Tony and the team have to let him go just because he’d met Barnes first, he thought bitterly.
“So those are your terms?” Not Bucky looked right at him, eyes a glacial blue and so suddenly strikingly familiar it sent a chill up Tony’s spine. “All or nothing?”
"Yes, mommy dearest.” Tony promised with a smirk he knew she’d pick up in his tone even over the phone. Tony slowed his walk as he reached the meeting room where (not) Pepper had directed him his three o’clock appointment was waiting. “Now wish me luck. I'm going in to interview another applicant."
“Fuck.” He heard Steve groan, and Tony looked up in time to catch a tear falling from his cheek before Steve buried his face against Tony’s chest, gripping him like he was afraid Tony would shatter in his arms.
His nose twitched, picking up on her stress scent despite the scent dampers she wore. Her anxiety was buzzing at his senses like an angry bee. He winced, guilty, because Princess was in general far less skittish than any of the other interns. It was too easy to forget sometimes that she wasn’t undamaged.
“Quick, up here!” Barney called, leaping onto a fire escape and they followed. They are scrambling across the rooftops, agile and practiced, but slowed by the burdens they carried. Still, it would be harder for the pigs to follow them this way. They’d pulled off more than one robbery just this same way.
Look, Tony was a great multi-tasker, and he was all for having an extra helping hand around on the battlefield but it was about time they ended this game.
“We should have been called out to deal with them.” Steve snapped into command mode and Tony swore everyone in the room stood up straighter. “I know our jurisdiction is primarily super powered threats but now that we know these people have access to technology like this it’s officially our business.”
They had all suffered in their way from Loki’s actions, but it was Clint who had been made to turn against those he loved.
"Queen Bastet," Thor called out, beseeching the woman's back. "My friends have indeed traveled very far to seek your wisdom. Surely on this merry occasion an exception can be made?"
"If you think we aren't having words later Hughard Stark you can just-" Tony never finds out what she would have done because a second later he's mashing his face against her soft cheeck and giggling as Papa attacks from the other side.
Tony smiled. It was always nice to be right. Assured now that T’Challa was logged into the ships computer he sent him the footage recorded from the suit.
And two, whatever friendship Tony had thought they were building was nothing but lies and he had no one to blame his stupidity on but himself.
Silence reigned supreme again while Tony mulled over that particular piece of interesting fuckery and Thor smiled down at him like he'd won something.
There are times when the soldier wakes up completely blank, little more than a set of directives. Those times he is quickly prepped for a mission, which he completes and then he goes back to sleep, no time for anything so pointless as dwelling on scents that called to him or something like a favorite fruit.
“And what’s that bird called Anthony?” Mama asks, eyes twinkling fondly down at him. He smiles up at her.
Sure enough there's the unmistakable sound of the mechanical humming of an approaching aircraft and a few scant feet before he was about to become a pancake, a black, winged, creature swooped in like a bird of prey and hooked him around his middle to snatch him up like a fish out of water, one sure hand cradling his neck to prevent this whole thing from ending with a broken neck.
Bruce's mouth stretched in a small fond smile but he just shook his head. Clint was the one who had the audacity to put his hands in Tony's hair and rub at his ears, nails dragging on that one spot that he knew Tony loved.
And then, just to make matters even more complicated, there was a part of Steve that resented the way his body responded to Tony, and felt nothing but guilt over letting the man into his heart. How could he love Tony, and raise his shield to protect what was Tony’s, when he’d had Bucky and possibly a baby, only to lose them both?
Forward. Forward. On into the black and they’re dying again, poison leeching their body of strength. An old tape shows the projection of the man who gave them life but little else. He tells them they’re the best thing he ever created. He tells them they are going to do more than he could.
* Finding "professional" pictures of small children gets harder the younger they are and I'm not personally comfortable using baby portraits. So here she is just a bit older. When thinking her character up, I straight up thought of this little girl from We Bought a Zoo.
“We said that whenever we liberated any Nazi occupied territory, but from his clothes it was obvious that the kid had been some Nazi officer’s pet. Pampered, well taken care of. Loved maybe, like I loved Bucky. I thought, ‘he must think we’re monsters’ and I couldn’t figure out why Bucky would say something like that to him when we’d shot through him like he didn’t mean anything… later, when I asked Bucky why, he asked me what he should have said instead…”
“I vote homo-tom.” Clint piped up, over from the observation area and Steve tossed him a very unimpressed stare as beside him Natasha nodded with a very serious frown of concentration on her face that would have convinced even Tony that she was serious if not for their bond ensured bullshit sensors.
“Not that it’s a bad view or anything,” Tony began, because he could find nothing to complain about no matter where his eyes settled. “But you guys don’t have to do this half naked. We’ve got plenty of training gear.”
But the comparison certainly made him view his young friend in a new light. He'd never thought anything of Tony's obsession with the colors before, but then again he was not Kǫtrdýr and the Benu was not a sacred symbol to him.
"Tony's Queen. If this is going to be real he needs to build his pride his way." Natasha murmured lowly in reply. "He doesn't need our permission."
And even then, it would be at Tony’s pace. Tony’s decision to make. Steve wouldn’t push for Tony to bond with him and he wouldn’t let the others push either.
Steve rebounded and Tony laughed, leaning up to plant a kiss against his cheek with a soft purr and transfer the gurgling infant into his arms.
“How do we find them?” he snapped, Captain America ready to take on Hydra and all other foes and make them pay. “How do we get him back?”
Hughard finishes his breakfast the next morning and grunts as he wipes his mustache with his napkin. Tony doesn't look up, because the chances of Hughard talking to him are slim and even if he were, it would only mean that Hughard had decided to punish him after all.
“Can you believe that guy though? What is it with people! I say I have a boyfriend and all they want to know is if someone if finally going to collar me.” He growled, glaring back at the group.
He found himself looking away, but could still feel Steve tracking every minute change in his facial expression.
"I don’t make a habit of making foolish bets. You know that if it had been my goal to harm you or yours I could have done so already, many times.’
“But I need you to tell me the truth. Is Norman making you do this, the whole Spider boy routine?” Tony asked gravely.
“I am majoring in architecture. My masters want me to work for the firm when I graduate...” Princess answered, trailing off to bite her lip for a moment before she continued. “But I’m far more interested in Neuroscience. I’m unofficially double majoring in it because I don’t think my masters would approve.”
“I’ve been dreaming about it every night since it happened. You were at the state dinner. You were wearing white.” Steve went on and Tony felt his stomach drop. They’d all read the mission report Coulson had sent over by now, but Natasha’s attire for the evening had definitely not been an included detail. The only reason Tony even knew that she’d gone to that ill-fated dinner in a white gown was because they were bonded.
Tony grins and Mama narrows her eyes in warning, but Tony can tell she's already holding back a smile even as she warns.
“Why must I? All the tribes speak Xhosa just as we do and we never leave Wakanda. What does it matter if I can speak English, or anything else?”
"Okay so you being a tom and all, the kit thing is probably off the table; but there's always adoption. Do you think Agent prefers the term guardian or parent? Which one makes you feel less like a creepy flesh merchant with a furry fetish do you think?"
Tony has noticed that many of the city's immigrants etch out their lives here. Some find work on the farms further inland but many of them try to find work at the factories or on one of the ships, but if they're very lucky they'll find work at the shipyard which pays the best.
YOU MUST FOCUS, AYEBA. IT IS IN YOUR NATURE TO FIX WHAT IS BROKEN, BUT THE WINTER SOLDIER IS DANGEROUS AND MUST NOT BE UNDERESTIMATED.
“He doesn’t like being handed things,” Natasha spoke up from the seat beside him, steely green eyes fixed on the stranger in their midst. “You’re new.”
“But T’Harun will be king one day. Not me,” he reminded father, though he did not know how it was possible to forget. T’Harun never let any of the other children forget.
Steve looked like he wanted to believe, Tony could see the desperate hope creeping into his gaze, but he was too afraid to.
“Hawkeye, status?!” Steve snapped and when there was no answering reply from Clint who was laying still and unresponsive on the floor he fired off, “Widow, get to Hawkeye and assess the damage. Iron Man do you have eyes?!”
“Pepper, is that you?” Tony gaped at him, feigning shock as he reached for the steaming mug. “I’m so sorry your majesty. When she said she was always watching, I didn’t think she’d stoop to possession. I hope this doesn’t go on the books as an international incident.”
“Ha, do not think just because we are allies Friend Tony that I shall go easy on you.” He heard Thor crow.
“I know Thor thinks a bond is the best explanation for our dreams but Tony, it’s not possible.” Steve insisted, because first comes denial.
"What?" Tony turned to gape at the man in alarm, only for him to take so suddenly to the air that his wind blew back the hair on top of Tony's head. Damn it! One of these days he was going to pin that guy down by his tail and get some answers out of him!
Steve's answering smile was just this touch surprised and a lot radiant, like Tony had just done something particularly brilliant, and his heart squeezed dangerously in his chest.
Who was that man he’d shot? He wondered, just as he wondered about the boy in the bedroom. The one with the blonde hair and the pretty red blush.
It’s too late she thinks as she backs away from the machine, that excruciating light assaulting her eyes, and the overwhelming heat singing at her skin.  She stumbled away from the machine and reached desperately for T’Cael, pulling him close in a tight hug.
"You're home. How was the spy game? Catch any guys in rubber hazmat suits?" He smiled winsomely at her, hoping she was glowering about something else and hadn't noticed the fruit gone missing.
Not because he honestly felt like Clint was being taken advantage of, or that him wanting to mate with Phil was some sort of rejection of Tony (he knew it wasn't okay, and he can be an adult about this) but because deep in his heart he knew that things weren't quite right.
I TOLD YOU ONCE THAT A QUEEN DOES NOT RELINQUISH WHAT IS THEIR’S, NOT EVEN IN DEATH. IF I SHOULD CHOOSE A MATE OUTSIDE OF THE PANTHER PRIDE, MY MOTHER MAY CHOOSE TO RELINQUISH HER HOLD ON ME TO ANOTHER QUEEN. SHE WOULD BE SAD AS ANY MOTHER IS SAD TO LOSE HER CHILD TO THE WORLD, BUT SHE WOULD TAKE COMFORT FROM THE FACT THAT WHETHER SHE IS LIVING OR DEAD I WILL ALWAYS BEAR THE MARKS OF HAVING BEEN HERS. I CAN ALWAYS COME HOME.
Tony watched Steve's pupils dilate and purred again as the enticing scent of aroused tom filling his nose, his heart beginning to pick up speed in his chest.
Senseless, dirty work that could get people like Peter (whose only crime was that he was that he was undomesticated) killed.  While Steve and Natasha were out there in the field, trying to mitigate the damage and keep the search team honest Tony could focus on doing what he did best, which was stripping the problem down to its basics and solving it.
The boy’s shoulders drooped in his hoody. Kid was running around in a fucking red and blue hoody for god’s sake.
“But you’re not here to talk about the new mental traffic we’ve all got going on around here or how pretty my intern is Sonia.” He segued, all business now. With an easy smile he gestured to Princess. “Would you do the honors?”
Bruce looked so shame faced that Tony had to bite his tongue to keep from interrupting with distracting chatter, because his own dislike for gooey conversations aside, he knew how uncomfortable confrontation made Bruce and clearly saying what he was saying was important to him.
“Oh Your Highness, I’m sorry have I been neglecting you? I saw you talking with Representative Adams and assumed she’d be thrilling you with highly exaggerated tales of her importance for at least another ten minutes.”
Tony's voice sounded cool and unbothered even to his own ears but he could feel the hair on his tail standing on end.
It was all a game really, and sure by playing he’d earned a reputation as promiscuous and TMZ had run out of ways to spin the buzz words “bad kitty” but pretty hurts and all that.
But JARVIS was already searching the local reports and chimed in with a negative as the car rounded the curve and a long line of familiar trucks came into view.
“That’s how you knew he was Spiderman. You’ve been watching OSCORP.” Steve realized, and Tony nodded.
“After the Sokovian rebellion was put down, a number of political prisoners volunteered for a medical research study.” She continued with a slight grimace. Yeah, Tony was calling bullshit on that whole volunteer part of things. “If you check the lists, it’s likely you’ll find her and the others.”
For Tony’s part, he’d wanted to say fuck it and go get Clint and Natasha home themselves but cooler heads (aka one Steve Rogers) had prevailed. They didn’t want to make things worse when two of their teammates were in the line of fire, but it was hard to ignore the voice in his head that insisted Natasha needed them.
Peter frowned. Master Osborne had never specifically asked Peter to keep a watch over OSCORP but Peter knew how important the serum Master Osborne was working on was. He said it could change the world. Cure illnesses. Fix it so that Kats weren’t broken anymore. Just like the bite from the test spider had fixed Peter.
“Has your friend been keeping you up?” Pietro asks, worry evident despite the smirk that attempts to hide it.  Someone somewhere is digging inside Ivan’s mind, and his name is Tony Stark. He’s been running around up there for weeks, and hiding his presence from Wanda would have been impossible so the soldier doesn’t bother to try.
It wasn’t that he couldn’t be fooled because he totally could. He hasn’t got Natasha’s scary instincts, but he’s had to sail through a lot worse set up by much cleverer people than whoever set up tonight’s snatch and grab, and you develop a certain sense for when someone is trying to fuck you over.
“It is called ṣiru,” he added absently as he stirred the mixture. Clinking the spoon smartly once or twice on the rim before he turned to Tony with a smile, mug in hand. “But most everyone just calls it
Tony didn’t expect an immediate reply. Prince T’Challa had as much on his plate as Tony did with mounting fear and public suspicion. The rebels and the assassins had been lumped together in people’s minds, and there was no escaping the fact that the rebels were being financed and outfitted by a major power. Was it Wakanda? A powerful foreign government with anti-American sentiments and Gata soldiers at the ready? Was it Tony Stark whose weapons and suits were so similar in design as to be uncanny?
Tony was about to say he didn’t know, but that it didn’t matter regardless because as Bruce had already said the chances of Steve developing a psychic connection with a total stranger out of the blue were slim; but Natasha chose that moment to drop a bombshell.
But M’Baku didn’t stop prowling forward, instead he walked past his designated seat and swooped down quickly to hold Tony’s chin, pressing a swift kiss to Tony’s parted lips. Before Steve could jump onto stage and rip M’Baku’s arms off, M’Baku had stepped back and was sitting down on the stool prepared for him.
“That’s still common for the most part, but big Courting Ceremonies like this or those televised reality courting shows tend to have different etiquette,” Tony explained.
“Hi,” Steve said softly, knowing it was an absolutely stupid thing to say, but not caring at all when he saw how Tony grinned back at him.
“Damn right they don’t.” Steve couldn’t say for sure but he thought Tony was probably grinning behind the mask from the way the corners of his eyes crinkled.
It was a pretty great nest, although Steve’s opinion might be biased since he was the one who had put most of it together. Nests were meant to be built by the couple as part of the preparation process done together before an Omega’s heat. But Steve had found out early that Tony was a little hopeless at nest building.
For reasons no one could understand, she had also blown little sparks of flame on the walls in the shape of rings. It hadn’t been enough to actually set the walls on fire, but there were ring-shaped scorched marks all around the Avengers tower now. Tony had called it “modern wallpapering” and insisted it would be a new hit in the world of home decor.
But he wasn’t swallowing seawater. He was just...breathing as if this was normal. And he didn’t have legs anymore. Instead, he had a beautiful vibrant blue tail with silver fins. Steve touched his hips gingerly, marvelling at the feel of scales beneath fingers. He took a few deep breaths, enjoying how he was breathing through the water with no trouble at all.
Steve wasn’t an uncreative person. He drew a lot and wasn’t short on imagination when he was a child. But even so, he didn’t think this was something that his brain would come up with, even in the throes of madness. He admitted, a little dazed, “I have no idea what’s happening.”
“Don’t sass me, Rogers.” Tony looks around for something to wipe his oily hands on before settling on smearing the dirt on his pants. “You heard me right, I can’t fix it.”
That was how Steve ended up with a clear glass on his desk with a little merman examining it from the outside. “I didn’t bring any seawater with me,” Steve said a little fretfully, realizing suddenly that Tony might not be able to cope with water from the tap, not when he came from the sea.
Just like how he did with the other suitors, Happy announced his name like he would rather be chewing glass, “M’Baku is next on the list.”
Tony gasped, a tiny sound that was more felt through Steve’s palm than heard. “You can’t be serious…”
All of a sudden, someone jumped onto the stage without waiting to be called. The man walked over to Tony, holding out his arms like he expected a hug. “Tony, I give to you what I meant to give to you all those years ago if not for the unfortunate cancellation of your first and only Courting ceremony.”
Steve realized that if he spoke up now, he might have a chance to convince Tony not to disqualify him.
“Not ganging up on you. It was just a statement of fact,” Steve said, staving off an upcoming sulk by rubbing a hand over Tony’s arm and then nudging his plate of food closer to Tony. “Eat something?”
Rhodey and Pepper were Tony’s closest friends and he talked about them on occasion, usually with great fondness. Steve frowned as he straightened up. “Did something happen?”
Bucky nodded and asked, “You noticed that too, huh? Do you think they can actually understand each other’s hissing, meowing and barking?”
Blinking slowly, Tony gave Steve a sly look. “Would you care to help me apply the theory to more practice? There’s a lot I’ve read which I’ve imagined doing with you.”
Steve leaned back, resting on his side, and looked at Tony. When Tony slowly met his gaze, Steve’s soft smile turned pensieve for some reason. Tony didn’t like it because Steve shouldn’t ever look like that in their bed.
“Only for you. I only smell like that for you. It’s all for you,” Tony rambled, not making much sense but not caring when he felt drunk on Steve’s arms around him, on the scent filling him. Steve smelled
Tony blinked. “Wow. F.R.I.D.A.Y. never said... Huh. I’m just surprised. You never…uh...” He trailed off, looking more than a little dazed. Then he shook his head, visibly pulling himself together. “Never mind. Um, you have a gift for me?”
Then, Tony added, “Oh, also, there’s going to be a mud wrestling pit, laser tag and some party related games outside after the masquerade. It won’t matter if you join in or not, that’s just some extra fun for everyone. And a good way for some of you to show off whatever hidden talents you have.”
The basic idea was to be the first to take the other out and of all their practice simulations he knew it was Clint’s favorite.
Portions of them he can paint over, apply mature understanding to (such as his mother’s face and her favorite barrette) but there is no erasing the sickening imprint of terror that is seeped into each brush stroke. Birth is violent and Tony deals with those memories the way he deals with all his childhood trauma. He doesn’t. They go on the shelf to be buried by years and dust.
“Stop!" Tony heard himself snapping, pain shooting up his arms as he slammed his  palms against the table. "Stop pretending like you don't hate this more than I do. Stop acting like you want to be tied to me when you don't!
“He doesn’t know what he’s doing.” Tony reminded them both. He wasn’t a fucking saint. That shit had hurt, and he was tempted to call for a round two and show Winter Kitty a thing or two about how much he didn’t appreciate being shot at, but that wouldn’t help any of them in the long run.
"I'm sorry Sir, but Agent Coulson ordered a cut off in accordance with an event you are to attend tonight. I did remind you twice Sir."
The costumed tom rushed at Killian's bared back where his shirt had burned away and Tony's eyes widened in shock as the stranger sank those sharp deadly claws into Killian's flesh without so much as hesitating, stabbing directly over the man's vulnerable organs and wrenching.
“You should ride with me,” Rhodey says and even knowing how it will end, he (Tony) wills them to smile with arrogance and go on thinking themselves untouchable.
Smiling to himself Tony hushed them all and did his best to put them on mute and give the young woman standing in front of him all of his attention.
Tony frowned, the harsh thoughts and the flood of overwhelming guilt that accompanied them pulling him further and further from the quiet dark until he was blinking his eyes open blearily.
There was some blond news reporter on television talking to some guy in a suit whose name Nyota didn’t recognize. She had no idea what it was they were supposed to be looking at.
“I know you’re not exactly in the market for taking his advice, but Luke did warn us that the risks of what we find in each others minds could be the reason the bond doesn’t take.”
The dark cloud that had been hanging over Steve’s head since he’d woken from that terrible nightmare, finally dissipated in the face of Tony’s sparkling vivacious energy and the way it wrapped around them all and called them closer. He wondered if Tony knew the kind of pull he had, or the power he had at his disposal.
Weird. He stamped down on that bit of ridiculousness because this was his home, his ridiculously expensive yogurt, his achy body and his life imploding around him, so he'd damn well eat six tubs of the stuff if he pleased, and he didn't care what some nobody medic thought about it. It wasn't like he had a girlish figure to watch.
Oh wow. Tony had no idea who makes the guy's gear, because he thought he had the market cornered on wing packs what with the little beauties he'd created for the F.A.L.C.O.N. project, but these things out classed his baby birds ten to nothing.
But Tony she knew was different. He was clever enough to outsmart the witches of the world, but fool enough to forgive the father who abandoned him (every time). His bitterness on the subject couldn't fool her; because Tony Stark was not bitter at the father who had led him into a wild wood and left him to die. He was bitter because he'd never found the right treasure to bring home.
Far from giving up the old chase, they were trying with renewed vigor to gain control of the Iron Man armor. They were pushing the angle that leaving a highly lethal weapon in the control of an unstable being was by definition negligent, and that the obvious solution was to appoint a human handler from the military to supervise. To sweeten the poisoned apple, they were suggesting James Rhodes for the job.
But Herr Vonkov's threats aren’t empty. Jarvis had no right to interfere like that and Tony doubts that Hughard will share Jarvis’ point of view that the punishment went too far. And what if Jarvis loses his job?
Darren Hardy had been the only one to walk in and shake Tony’s hand, bitching all the while about the traffic in Malibu. He’d gotten as far as “Sorry I’m late Mr. Stark” before Tony had decided he was going to keep him for life. Tony had offered to pay him an obscene amount of money to be on call for all of his real-estate ventures and Darren had been all too happy to accept.
He’s a tom now. A buck. A bull (Frankenstein’s creature). But some of those old instincts are too deeply ingrained to go away. He doesn’t get heats, but he gets attached to things. Certain scents. Certain people.  They get under his skin like an itch, and he gets caught in a loop of intense urges to possess and protect, all of it culminating around the insane idea that anyone and anything could ever truly be
"Yeah. Right. Of course whatever you say Blackbeard." Tony agreed, still seething quietly as he stood from his chair, though the reinforcement from the others had helped calm him so that he didn't quite feel like he was existing inside a pressure cooker. He wasn't quite ready to forgive Fury and he'd never fully trust the man.
She arched a brow and that alone seemed to make her expression go from unaccountably soft to dangerous and (because he liked his balls attached) Tony quickly back tracked with a giggle. Perhaps his inner Rhodey was right and he should slow down on the drinks.
Tony'd grappled for one and dove for Bruce, apologizing profusely as he jabbed the needle into his arm and trying not to piss himself when Bruce's face contorted with rage and his eyes flashed a violent green.
Nyota yawned and shivered. She tucked her bushy black tail in closer to her body as she curled up tighter in the pilot’s seat for warmth.
“He wants you alive Tony, that’s something I trust. If he’s as good as you say he is then he should be there.”
“Our protection.” Phil acknowledged a moment later and Clint didn’t look away from the windshield but he felt his heart tug at that. It made him feel secure in the decision he’d made.
He relaxed only marginally when he realized that Rhodey was also there along with kat-medic (because Tony couldn’t remember his damn name, just that he made amazingly gross but calming tea) who was sitting with a steaming cup of coffee set before him. Tony frowned. Shouldn’t he be assisting the doctor instead of making small talk with Tony’s friends?
“Peace friends. MiKall, is sometimes exuberant but she means no harm.” Thor assured them, placing a staying hand on Clint’s arm. The wary tom slowly lowered his bow but Tony noticed that he kept the arrow notched.
For a moment Ivan stares at the strange vision before him of a kat in an armored suit, wielding a large silver shield with red and blue stripes. There’s a strange design in the center of the star in the middle, triangular and familiar. He doesn’t know why that certainty hits him so strongly, but he knows he has seen this shield before. Or something like it.
And then of course everything sped up and before anybody could really get their shit together she had leaped into the air and climbed Steve like he was a tree, flipping him over onto his back with athletic gusto that Natasha would have wept tears of pride over, and is making the man roll for his life to avoid the furious lash of her barbed tail.
but because it was him, Tony Stark, master of innuendo, lord of the silver tongue himself, getting carried away by the giddy swoop in his stomach and feverish delight.
If Tony hadn’t already wheedled him into weighing in on some special project he had going, or hadn’t busted his head open (or bruised something or another during the last call to assemble) and refused the medical attention of a proper medical doctor, the probability that he’d just come breezing into Bruce’s lab before the day was out - with some new spark of genius that absolutely couldn’t wait, in need of some friendly advice, or even just a distraction from dealing with some pressing problem that he’d work up to asking advice about in his own sweet time - was high and only getting higher. The probability of a Tony related distraction (sans heat) was currently at 77%. Pre-heat had increased those probable's to 89%.
“The Ovular Gland is basically a giant button that turns the baby making machine on. Put enough pressure on it and the stork is ago.” Tony promptly answered, because tempting as it was to follow that little opening Natasha had left him (and it was an opening!) Steve looked like he was on the verge of a stroke. Tony would have laughed at the horrified expression on his face if it weren’t being aimed at him, on the morning after Steve had possibly knocked him up.
T’Challa nodded slowly, not speaking for a long moment before his ears twitched and then drooping slightly he sighed, “Okay.”
“Eh, he probably deserves some of that stress after the mad caper that he turned his own Courting Ceremony into. Pepper probably has an ulcer after the past couple weeks.”
Tony showed off for Steve, like a courting bird shaking out its plumage, and Steve held on tight, soaking up every moment of it. The air burned against his cheeks as they soared upwards before plummeting down, pulling up sharply to skim the surface of East River, breath stolen from his lungs as they spun mid-flight and banked sharply.
He had ordered a big breakfast and more, resulting in a heap of crispy bacon, lamb sausages, baked beans, scrambled eggs with feta, roasted tomatoes, broccolini and mushrooms in garlic butter, and a couple slices of fresh focaccia of all things. Tony knew the bacon, scrambled eggs, broccolini and mushrooms in garlic butter were mainly for him since they were his favorite brunch food. Focaccia was currently Steve’s latest obsession that he had with everything. Happily, Tony picked up a fork and speared a mushroom with a broccolini.
With a careful finger, Steve touched Tony’s side, as if that would somehow help him check for injuries. Tony rolled over and sat down on his bum, gripping the tip of Steve’s finger with a hand.
“I know I won’t like it,” Steve said stubbornly. Then rallied in a flare of annoyance. “What happened to everything you said during the dance? And on the stage?”
Tony pulled back a little and said, “Strange. I could have sworn that you’re not wearing any at all. Not even the lightest foundation. And considering the things I’ve had to hide with make-up, I consider myself to be somewhat of an expert.”
“Oh, I only found out about his Captain America identity after we became friends. That was interesting but it wasn’t why I approached him,” Tony said airily.
He found Tony curled up around a tiny wrench, lying on top of his tablet with his tail a graceful curve trailing onto the desk. Steve was about to pat Tony awake gently when Tony suddenly twitched violently, his head tossing from side to side in a frenzy. His whole body stuttered against the desk, stiffened, his tail arching as his little mouth fell open to emit a piercing whistle that drilled against Steve’s eardrums. Steve winced, forcing himself not to clap his hands against his ears.
“I didn’t really expect to find anyone here, not a true match anyway. Maybe a nice someone to date, but I’m too old to be expecting to meet the person I want to spend the rest of my life with, and who wants to spend any length of time with me, at a Courting Ceremony,” Tony smiled, self-deprecating, before shaking his head. “But life goes by its own plans and something unexpected happened. Or at least...
Then he released Steve’s finger and slipped back into his glass. He sulked there for a good hour, his back turned to Steve so that it was clear to all that Tony was still sulking. DUM-E and U milled about around the glass in confusion, but Tony ignored them too.
Slowly, Tony unfolded from his crouch and stood up. As he moved, the Iron Man suit started to melt away, dissolving into glittering nanites that receded into his clothing. By the time Tony stood up completely, the nanites had drawn back and settled into...into… Steve’s mouth fell open as he took in what Tony was wearing. He had on a very form-fitting dark red halter waistcoat with matching pants, black leather shoes and a long sheer scarf of a slightly lighter shade of red trailing down his shoulders...and nothing else. He wasn’t wearing a suit jacket over the waistcoat or a shirt under it.
When Steve finally stopped laughing, he went to the front door to retrieve the supplies he had abandoned on the floor. While he put away their groceries, he let himself process the existence of J.A.R.V.I.S.. Tony’s genius was really unquestionable. Steve had never seen anything as advanced as J.A.R.V.I.S. before, and he had access to quite a lot of tech that regular people didn’t get to see. He could see how J.A.R.V.I.S. would be invaluable to Tony who was now doing business by selling apps and his tech services under an alias. Much of the communication could probably be handed over to J.A.R.V.I.S. now. Those were the parts Tony found most tedious anyway.
That caused startled murmurs among the audience and Tony looked like he wanted to rest his face in his palm. Happy seemed torn between stepping between the box and Tony, and stepping right off the stage.
Coughing awkwardly, Steve stepped back and took out his phone. Tony’s gaze never left his the entire time.
Steve stared at Tony. “Tony...what. What?” he spluttered. “How do you have a few million dollars? Oh no…
Then, T’Challa’s bracelet of beads glowed slightly and he read the text that projected above the main bead.
“Oh, don’t look at me like that,” Tony complained, leaning his cheek against his hand with his elbow propped on the back of the couch.
“No, this is a bad idea,” Steve said, trying to pull away but Bucky held on tight. He noticed distantly that his own voice sounded different, realized that the mask had some kind of voice modulator embedded in it to help disguise their identities.
Looking down at his almost empty plate, Bucky popped the last of his french toast into his mouth and shrugged unrepentantly. “You snooze, you lose.”
When Fury walked past him, he looked around with a soldier’s care, a spy’s gaze, alert for any hidden dangers.
Steve brought Tony up closer to his face, and stared. There was a light pink dusting across Tony’s cheeks and for all that Tony had proclaimed that Steve had a telling dopey smile, Tony also had on a familiar look…
Tony shook his head. “I’ve no idea what I saw in him and why I stayed with him for so long. In my defence, I was very young and very stupid.”
“But you have a theory,” Tony surmised, watching Steve closely. “No, wait. Nat told you something. Oh, this is interesting. What does S.H.I.E.L.D. think happen?”
“A weapon,” Tony says, his jaw clenching in anger. “You’re testing out your weapons on isolated towns so no one knows until it’s too late.”
Natasha led the way in a beautiful black floor-length, long-sleeved dress with a slit going up her legs, almost all the way to her waist. She had said it allowed freedom of movement while providing a lot of places to hide her weapons. At a guess, Steve thought she probably had five assorted guns and knives stashed somewhere on her.
This time, when Tony twisted, Steve didn’t hold him down. Steve moved back, giving Tony space to turn, roll onto his front instead. The high thread count sheets felt lovely against his skin, made him want to rub downwards and spread his scent deeper into their nest. But instead, he bent his elbows, dipped his shoulders low and arched his lower back up.
And then Steve pulled out and pushed back in with a sharp thrust of his hips. Tony let out a sound like a punctured balloon and shoved his hips back to join Steve’s rhythm. It felt so good, so full, like his body was finally complete now with Steve’s cock moving inside of him.
But Tony wasn’t paying attention to the glass or the plastic bag or even Steve anymore. He was lying flat on his front, flashy tail waving in the air behind him as he tapped on Steve’s phone with his palms. Steve raised his eyebrows at how Tony worked the phone with confidence, when Steve was pretty sure that this was the first time Tony had ever used one. He seemed to be mostly using Google.
Steve knew what he was seeing, knew every sketch on those pages. Some of those sketches were of buildings and streets, all he could allow himself to focus on when he first came out from the ice. Then interspaced between the landscapes were his past, sketches of Bucky, Peggy, Colonel Phillips, Erskine, his mother…
Now a little uncertain, Steve drew Tony closer and closer, until he couldn’t quite focus on Tony. Then suddenly, Tony shifted to the side, almost falling off Steve’s hand altogether. Before Steve could panic, he felt little hands touched his cheekbone, touched his cheek, and then the softest of small touches brushed against his cheek.
“No, I mean, you’re really screwed. You have no hope of out-dancing anyone. Forget two left feet, it’s like you have
“Hmm… It’s definitely worked wonders on you,” Tony agreed peaceably, reaching up and patting Steve on the bicep.
As Steve drew in his breath, Tony reached out and touched both the arc reactors hanging around Steve’s neck.
A banging started against the bathroom door and Bucky’s voice called from outside. “I can smell you panicking, punk. Get out here.”
Sam marvelled, “How things have changed. You’re really messed up over Tony, aren’t you?” When Steve pretended not to hear him, Sam sighed and asked, “Did you always spend as long over each Courting gift? Because we’ve been at this for hours and you haven’t gotten a single thing.”
Tony gave Steve a smug stare from his position on the table, while Steve was forced to stay seated on the floor. Bucky thought he saw Steve rolling his eyes, something he didn’t even know dogs could do.
Steve was a little confused since Tony was already touching his finger but he extended his other hand so that it was level with the glass. Tony hauled himself out of his glass and flopped onto Steve’s outstretched hand.
That got Tony lifting off the tablet and looking up in interest. When he reached out a hand, Steve immediately touched his finger to that little hand.
I hope you’ve enjoyed this ride with me! :D  My first a/b/o fic had no smut, so this sequel was to make up for it in spades. I wasn't sure what I was doing for part of it, but I think I got a hang of it by the end. Let me know if it worked for you! (I'm posting this while I'm reallllyyyy sleepy so apologies for any mistakes!)
Steve rolled his eyes, knowing when he was being humored, but deciding to move on to the next point. “Second, if all the suitors were crappy, I have confidence you would have just sent them packing. No one makes you do what you don’t want to do, Tony.”
“Really? But…” Tony felt his spine relaxing, his body softening against Steve’s hard, unrelenting hold. “But you didn’t… You didn’t even notice all the other Alphas…”
Without any preamble, Steve swept Tony up in his arms and pressed his mouth to Tony’s. At the touch of Steve’s soft lips against his own, Tony let out a startled groan, his arms coming up to clutch around Steve’s neck as he hung on. Steve’s large hand pressed against the small of his back, pressed him closer as they kissed with ardent need.
The world contracted around Steve. It pulled in and squeezed, shoved him down and in until he couldn’t breathe and it was just too much, there was just too much bearing down on him…
and blast repulsors and basically, defy the laws of physics. Iron Man was amazing, just as amazing as Tony was.
Bending over, Steve enveloped Tony’s back, wrapping an arm around his waist instead. He pressed his mouth to Tony’s neck, breathed in harshly and his lips moved against Tony’s scent gland on the side of his neck as he said, “Tony, can I? Can I bond with you?”
Rhodey and Carol’s bonding happened very quickly, a spur of the moment decision right after the encounter with Thanos. Their wedding seemed to make up for it, with guests from all over the universe attending, literally. The simple but heartfelt speeches turned out to be Tony’s downfall.
“I’m just saying,” Tony continues into the silence. “If Bruce can get out of training on anger grounds, why can’t I get out of it on the grounds that I don’t want to?”
“I didn’t want to be so obvious, but not the point,” Tony said as he tried to remember back to that day and what he did.
Steve shifted, seeming to adjust his thrusts until suddenly, Tony cried out as pleasure blossomed up his spine, jerked white hot through his nervous system. Steve was unerringly dragging against Tony’s prostate. All those hours spent fingering Tony coming to fruition as Steve mercilessly thrust along that stretch of lightning pleasure. The constant jolts against his prostate left Tony gasping and panting out his pleasure in mindless cries, a steady stream of wanton ‘uh, uh’ echoing through the room to the slap of flesh against skin.
Maybe M’Baku would be mud-wrestling as well, and Steve could show Tony that when it came to wrestling of any sort, Steve was the winner.
As far as Steve could tell, all she had done was curl her long neck back and gnaw at the tip of her tail.
The sketchbook was still in good condition but clearly well-loved; its cover was a little creased and there was a coffee ring stain on one corner when Thor had accidentally left his coffee mug on top of the sketchbook once. Most of the other sketchbooks were in similar condition, with a couple suffering a little more damage to the cover when Steve had unwisely taken them along for some sketching during those hurry-up-and-wait missions.
Tony gasped and shivered and pushed back, forced to stop the moment the head of Steve’s cock popped in. It was...a significant stretch. And it wasn’t enough.
He reached up and tugged Tony’s open collar to the side, revealing the unhealthy looking dark web-like pattern crawling up his skin. He was surprised Tony allowed him to do that, even tilting his head to the side a little as if to grant Steve a better look. Boldly, brave in a way that Steve hadn’t been since he had assumed a false identity within S.I., Steve brushed his thumb against the dark lines, feeling Tony’s fluttering pulse. He watched as Tony swallowed, lashes lowering briefly, before dark eyes fixed on him again. For the first time in days, he felt completely fine being
Steve blinked and tipped the water in the plastic bag into the glass. The glass filled up quickly but when he straightened the plastic bag, the water level didn’t look like it had dipped at all. And at the bottom, remained the five pearls.
“It wasn’t the primary reason!” Tony protested, before mumbling, “Just one of many, many other reasons.”
Rolling his eyes, Tony put his right hand on his hip, body still encased in his armor. “I don’t want to
M’Baku walked forward in a languorous prowl, like he was hunting prey that he knew was already his. It made the back of Steve’s neck prickle, like his hackles wanted to stand up, like he wanted to growl at M’Baku and get him to back off.
But then the stunned look in Steve’s blue eyes morphed slowly into admiration, his lips turning up as well. “You’re really something, you know that right?”
Oh fuck, no, he couldn’t do this, he had made a bad mistake, why did he think this was a good idea? He couldn’t compete with anyone, he was carrying an oversized handmade box, what the hell was he
Steve ignored that interjection. “Fourth, just pals being pals? What the hell did you think we got up to back in the forties? You know we had sex too, right? And I don’t believe that you didn’t get F.R.I.D.A.Y. to do some research the moment you got off stage if that’s what you were really thinking.”
After he logged in, a video conference started on his laptop with no further delay. A glowing blue globe took up most of the screen, pulsing as the voice spoke.
“Yep. Being furry and four legged isn’t going to stop their bickering,” Sam said with a grin. “And that alien dude was so shocked that they didn’t stop fighting him either, even after he transformed them.”
There were reporters lined up along the red carpet leading into the building, standing behind red velvet ropes. They snapped photos and called out questions, but nothing over the top, so it seemed everyone was on their best behavior. None of the Avengers stopped to answer questions.
“Thank you,” Steve replied, a little faintly. It was kind of nice how much Tony clearly cared, even about little nobodys in his company. “I’m really fine though.”
Tony was gaping at him, a hand clasped to his cheek. His voice in Steve’s mind was decidedly high and shocked.
Sighing, Steve headed back to his desk. Time to get back to being a mild-mannered illustrator in the advertising department.
He was about to stammer out an apology, feeling overheated from all the blushing he was doing today, when Tony’s face drew closer and closer, and suddenly…
Steve was just a little concerned that his gift was too boring and staid. Even cheap. He was worried that Tony would look at it and think it was a joke, as compared to all the other luxurious and decadent gifts being presented. It wouldn’t be like Tony at all to think that way, but the disparity in price between what most people got for Tony and what Steve had chosen was starting to nag on Steve anyway.
He nudged the glass of seawater closer. When Tony nodded but made no move towards the glass, Steve carefully scooped him up, cradling him for a moment between his hands, taking in Tony’s tired face and limp body in the curve of his palms. Then he gently slipped him into the glass of seawater. The whole time, Tony clutched the little wrench like a security blanket.
Steve stares dumbfounded at the genius engineer, nearly hitting his head on the hood of the car as he stands upright.
Steve washed his hands and wiped them off before heading into the living room. Whatever Tony was working on, it seemed to be getting to a crucial state since Tony was getting more and more absorbed in his work, skipping on sleep and spending longer hours at his fabrication units, waving his hands at DUM-E and U.
Steve took that as his cue to place the large box at Tony’s feet, since it was too big for Tony to carry easily, before taking his seat back on the stool again. Steve tried not to blush at the sight of his clumsy gift in Tony’s hands. He thought he heard Tony mutter under his breath, “I can’t believe I got a Courting gift from Captain America, oh my god,” but he couldn’t be sure if it wasn’t wishful thinking.
His mind whirled, spinning as he tried to take in that thought even as his brain seemed to continuously refuse to properly translate what Tony had said.
Not long after Tony’s Courting Ceremony, Sam and Bucky had announced that they were courting each other in what would have been a matter-of-fact delivery if the back of Bucky’s ears hadn’t been flushed and Sam hadn’t smelled so very smug.
. Just smells of desperation. Then it turns out it was all a sham and you didn’t even dance with anyone at your own masquerade. Are you paying Captain America to pretend to court you?”
Wasn’t Steve even a little put out by all the other people circling Tony and showing intense interest in him?
Bucky stared at the cat and dog in the middle of the street. The cat was a black cat with white paws and a white chest. He had a white face except for black markings above his mouth that made it look like he had a moustache. Bucky wished he could sneak a photo because that cat just looked ridiculously cute. There was also a round glowing blue light sitting in the middle of his fluffy white chest. The cat was currently hissing at the large dog beside him, hackles raised.
Bucky sighed. “I think you’re gonna have to brace for the level of stupid he’s going to take this to.”
Both Bucky and Sam started to bicker as their group of four slowly walked the perimeter of the circular hall. They grazed off the finger food and drank champagne, whether it affected them or not. They had walked round the hall four times when Clint was suddenly there, giving out hugs to everyone.
While Tony and Steve had been poking their noses around the Sanctum’s hall, the discussions finally wrapped up and the decision was to go to Wakanda to try to remove the Mind gem from Vision’s forehead without killing him. Then, they would attempt to destroy the Mind gem, ensuring that Thanos wouldn’t have a full set of Infinity Stones to use the Gauntlet.
They had completed most of their preparations by the time Thanos arrived, but they still hadn’t managed to restore Tony and Steve to their proper human forms.
“Hey, Tony, I don’t mind,” Steve said, running a hand over Tony’s shoulder, leaning down to murmur, “It’s true after all. I am yours.”
Tony fidgeted a little on Steve’s palm before he straightened up as much as possible, leaning on one palm and his tail stretched out to his side. He held onto Steve’s thumb and seemed to steel himself for whatever was coming next. Steve’s apprehension spiked higher.
Then the band on his wrist vibrated, which caused him to look down with a jolt. All it said was, ‘Make him happy.’
“Forever and ever, til death do us part,” Steve said, holding Tony’s hand, unsure who was trembling more.
There were loud murmurs coming from the audience, shock at Captain America’s sudden appearance among the long line of suitors. Clearly a lot of people hadn’t been checking the news coverage on the event, Tony included, which would explain his wide-eyed surprise. Steve stared haplessly at Tony, knowing he was making this moment awkward but found himself so tongue-tied that he couldn’t even answer.
If they had both bonded already, their scents would be entwined. Most bonded couples didn’t bother with the fancy scents as gifts anymore, preferring their naturally shared scents. Sitting right next to Rhodey, Tony could clearly make out Rhodey’s familiar scent of heated tarmac and the stretch of lush cornfields melded with Carol’s electric scent of thunderstorms, jet fuel and something alien holding it all together. Neither of them wore any additional scents after their bonding.
Because that hadn’t been said inside Steve’s mind. That had been spoken outloud. Tony’s voice sounded exactly the same as when spoken in Steve’s head; a smooth, slightly low voice, with a sarcastic lilt to it. The words were a little awkwardly pronounced, a little rushed, which was to be expected because…
“Don’t worry about the dance for a moment,” Rhodes said, slowing down until they were barely swaying on the spot. “I was sent out here because Tony is having a minor freak out.”
By this point, Bucky and Sam had wandered into the scent store as well, still obnoxiously munching on their popcorn. They drifted over to Steve’s side.
For the first time since Tony took the stage, he seemed genuinely interested and excited, like a kid on Christmas morning ready to dive into his gifts. It was a side of Tony that Steve treasured and absolutely loved to see. There was something about his enthusiasm and delight which was often hard to resist.
Tony grinned. “Right? He’s so romantic.” He looked up at Steve from beneath his lashes in exaggerated flirtation, but that resulted in Steve actually blushing which was so adorable. What a ridiculous Alpha.
“Why did Stane do that?” Steve asked, puzzled. “Nat said he wouldn’t have wanted Ty marrying you and having another Alpha interfering with Stark Industries’ business. It would have jeopardized his position in the company.”
If Steve really was crazy, did it matter if he indulged in his own delusions? He reached out a finger again, a little uncertainly.
Although, maybe it would be hosted at a stadium. Not many details had been released about the Courting Ceremony, what it would involve and what anyone should expect, beyond the fact that it would be located somewhere in New York. Everything was shrouded in mystery, with more information to be released closer to the day of the ceremony. When Tony set out to distract the world and give everyone something to focus on, he did it thoroughly and with flair.
Tony shivered, laid his head on the sheets, feeling his body still wracked with pleasure. Every few minutes, Steve would gasp and squeeze his arms around Tony’s waist, body jerking as he came again, pulsed more come into Tony. Tony would clench up again, body squeezing rhythmically around that wonderful, impossibly large knot as his body pulsed more slick, as pleasure coursed through him.
Steve had to force his hands not to tighten on Rhodes’ hold and to keep his spine from snapping straight and stiff. “I’m very serious.”
When they leapt out the back of the quinjet, both of them whooping with delight as Steve’s arm wrapped tight around Iron Man’s shoulders, Steve thought that there was never going to be a time when he would turn this down. He loved how they soared and spun through the air with Tony’s voice in his ears and Tony’s body encased in metal pressed close to his as they flew together. He would never give this up, the way the wind almost hurt against his skin, the way his heart pounded as they plummeted down before swooping upwards in a graceful arch, the way he could feel Tony’s strength and enthusiasm right by his side.
Steve had been standing there, trying to catch his breath and looking around in alert wariness for anymore attackers when Tony had walked into the room. Steve could only watch forlornly as Tony looked around and took in the damage, took in the downed robots and raised a single eyebrow at Steve, who stood there without a single scratch on him.
T’Challa leaned in and murmured, “The secret is for you to let Tony lead. Don’t overthink it, don’t stare at your feet. Most of everyone will expect you, the big Alpha in the room, to want to lead, which is what happened when you danced with your friends as well. So they all tried to let you take the lead. But, like myself, Tony has probably been trained since he was a child to dance in any situation, in any position. If he leads, you need only follow. It will be easier.”
It was strange. It wasn’t like Tony’s face or body had changed. Tony looked exactly the same, only small. Much smaller. Small enough that he could fit right on Steve’s hand. He was like a little Tony doll, except he wasn’t made of plastic and he wasn’t lifeless. This was still Tony right in front of him, full of Tony’s vim and vigor, but shrunken down so that he was only eight inches tall. He was standing on a small stack of books on his workbench that he had climbed on like he wanted the extra height. Unfortunately, even with that extra height, he still had to look up at Steve who was sitting down on what was usually Tony’s chair.
So Amber was around Tony for most of the day, which meant that since she didn’t seem to like Steve, he couldn’t be near Tony for most of the day.
“It wasn’t how we used to do it back in our day,” Bucky said in mild defence. “Dancing was for fun. Courting Ceremonies were fun too, but they were also more formal back then, with a lot more traditions around getting to know each other. None of these dancing and mud wrestling stuff.”
“Yes, right, I’ll just...go,” Steve said in a bit of a daze. Then he blurted out, “I thought I saw in the news that you were going to be at the Grand Prix?”
“No, I’m not crying,” Tony denied testily, keeping his eyes wide open and refusing to acknowledge how his lashes were just a tiny bit, the littlest bit really, wet. “It’s just allergies. They’ve put way too many flowers in here, I always knew Rhodeybuns had specific ideas about his wedding, but the amount of flowers is just ridiculous. Does Carol even like flowers?”
That moment of happiness was disrupted by a haughty-looking man pushing his way to the front of the stage and shouting, “I object! This should be against your one gift per person rule! They’re not even the same kind of things!”
“A handsome intelligent Omega like you wouldn’t interest me?” M’Baku said with a slow smile. “Trust me, Tony, I’m an Omega of discerning tastes. And you most definitely interest me.” His voice had dropped to a low rumble, dark eyes drawing over Tony’s body in a languid, suggestive stare.
When Steve pulled back again, Tony groaned and tried to follow after, but Steve only pushed him gently down by his bare chest. Tony laid there, ready to sulk, when Steve parted his button-less shirt, pushing back his jacket as well.
Tony tried to think about what happened. He remembered what he saw, how he felt. Kenny, young and gorgeous, leaning in and talking to Steve. Steve had smiled, polite but distanced, nodding along to whatever Kenny was saying. He remembered how his emotions ran high, the absolute rage clouding his mind at the sight of Steve and Kenny standing next to each other.
Steve tamped down on the possessive surge of feelings, on the urge to start assessing John Oliver as a threat. Something in his gaze must have given him away anyway because Tony was now smirking at him, and that throw had slipped off the other shapely shoulder too, only still hanging on by Tony’s grasp.
“I didn’t— I didn’t think that far,” Tony admitted. “I just thought you would have a good time, eat some good food, experience how the whole deal was like without any pressure. I didn’t think you would actually want to court someone at one of these things. It didn’t seem like your kind of thing.”
Ty laughed, a slithering oily sound. “Oh, Tony. What do you know about business? You can keep pretending, but everyone knows Stane was the Alpha behind the business and now you have the steady Miss Potts in the power seat. But she’s only a Beta, so who knows how long that will last. Were you so desperate for an Alpha to help salvage your company?”
“Do a better job,” Tony ordered, his command undermined by how he tried to spread his legs further, by the thready edge in his voice.
“Yes,” Steve said, simply, and watched from up-close as glittering nanites spread across Tony’s chest and stretched out over his body, crawling up his neck and cheeks until Tony was enveloped in the Iron Man armor.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve said, his blush travelling down the back of his neck.
satisfying reaction. But Tony only patted him condescendingly on the cheek and said, “Stay away from me, Ty. Next time, we won’t be so nice.”
“Tony... Tony, that’s crazy,” Steve said, but he was smiling and he knew his smile must be visible in his voice or eyes somehow, because he felt Tony relax, saw his nervous attempt to brazen through being caught out turn into smug satisfaction.
“I know, Tony. I remember what you said about Yinsen. You want to make your life count, you want to do something,” Steve said, remembering Tony’s words.
Rhodey sighed. “Tony, I know you skipped so many grades that you missed out on all the Courting Etiquette classes, so maybe you aren’t aware but Steve is the one who’s supposed to be giving you gifts. You held the Courting Ceremony and he’s your suitor.”
Realizing he was falling behind, Steve took a deep breath and forced his tense muscles to loosen up. This was the moment. He pictured Tony’s face, that lopsided smile, his ‘Scientists do it best’ T-shirt with holes in it. It didn’t matter what Steve wore. All that was just window dressing. The person to win over Tony would have to be someone really special on the inside, someone who would suit Tony best, and he was here to be that person.
He turned to the Omega with his fakest smile, holding his hand out. “Hi, Kevin, right? I think I heard your name earlier.”
“There we go,” Bucky said, clapping Steve on the shoulder before collapsing on the couch dramatically. “Always knew I could rely on you, buddy.”
.” There was only deadly promise in his voice, in the gleam of his stare as he stood close to Ty and looked him straight in the eyes.
“Yeah, I think that guy’s got ulterior motives,” Tony said wryly, before complaining, “Can I see it yet or are you just going to sit there tempting me with the gift?”
Swimming a circle around Tony, Steve tried to get used to propelling himself with his tail and clutched Tony’s shoulder to pull himself to a stop.
Steve settled down on the desk, spending long minutes staring at the little wonder in front of him, and sketching Tony while he worked. Every hour or so, Tony pulled himself up and over into the glass of seawater, swirled around inside in dizzying impatience before plopping back out again so he could use the phone, leaving little puddles of water behind him.
And he was right. Under normal circumstances, Tony would absolutely hate it. Steve knew him so well, the thought was enough to make Tony want to melt in his arms.
This was love. Pure unadulterated love laid bare for Tony to take in, clear in those parted lips that tipped up in a hapless smile, in those little lines at the corner of his eyes as he watched Tony’s face.
Steve asked in a low voice, “Do you like it, Tony? Do you like being surrounded by my hand and that I’m moving you around to fuck you as I please?”
Fury stopped at the side of the couch, not moving any closer. Surreally, he was still holding the two pizza boxes. “Who the hell are you?”
“Wonderful,” Tony sighed. “Come lie down.” He ran a hand over the soft sheets, realizing that they were dry and smelled wonderful. Steve must have changed the sheets this morning, somehow.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist, lined themselves up and pulled Steve down. He arched and moaned, because yes, that, that hard cock in him, he needed it, he needed the bulging knot and the come, all the come…
He was so doomed, Steve thought gloomily. Maybe he could move to the Arctic after this. Go back under the ice. Those were the good old days. Quiet, peaceful, total lack of consciousness, no public humiliation at the love of his life’s Courting Ceremony.
He ran his hand down Steve’s chest and stomach, wet with sweat, slick and come. He dragged it down until he reached that wonderful cock and pumped it in his hand. Oh yes, he knew what would help. He needed this hardness back in him and Steve was so obliging, cock getting hard again.
The words sent a thrill through Tony. It was absurd, Tony knew that Steve was his own person, none of them owned the other.
Steve felt slight trepidation at the idea that they would need communication devices for a Courting Ceremony, but he had no time to worry about it. They were sent through the impressive doors into the building.
“You just seemed a little worked up,” Sam said warily. “A lot of these Courting Week’s reality shows and televised ceremonies are scripted. No one is going to really be expecting to enter an actual Courtship with Tony as a result of his Courting Ceremony. That would be stupid.”
“HA!” Tony mocks, “That’s what you get for not taking my offer for Stark Mobile.” He walks over to the passenger window and leans in, fishing his own phone from the center console. “E-Mobile can kiss my- oh my
“Alright, give me a sec,” Steve said, reaching out for the pump bottle of lube in one of the drawers, a fixture in the workshop after their many bouts of unplanned sex there.
Tony thought about him. Tony took in little bits of information about him and tried to give him something based on what Tony learned about him.
“I’m fine, don’t fuss,” Tony said huffily, not looking Steve in the eye, but not letting go of his finger either.
Bucky ducked back behind the open door, glad that they hadn’t noticed him. Before he could sneak away, they broke off their kiss, ragged breathing filling the air instead.
It was then that Steve realized he was still standing really close to Tony, a thumb stroking over his neck.
Lee had bustled Steve over to another counter with a range of fine gold and silver earrings, each with little globes on the backs. Steve felt a little overwhelmed looking down at almost fifty pairs of different earrings.
Sam wondered aloud, “I don’t get why you’re marking each other with these strange scents. Why don’t you guys just bond already? You’ve been crazy for each other for so long.”
But the realization that Tony was learning and adapting in a way that indicated he might not need Steve for long remained a nagging worry at the back of Steve’s mind.
“Very,” Steve said without a trace of embarrassment or humor. He pulled back a little more and placed a hand on Tony’s chest. Without looking away from Tony’s eyes, Steve took hold of one little mother-of-pearl buttons on Tony’s dark maroon shirt and flicked it hard enough to snap the threads. The button popped off without even a single pinch against Tony’s skin.
The blue throw that was decadently soft was wrapped around Tony’s shoulders, half the pillows in the penthouse and from Steve’s own bedroom propped up behind Tony. On the carpeted floor, Steve had arranged the rest of the pillows along with old towels and soft shirts from both their wardrobes. It had been a good choice; sometimes they didn’t make it back to the bed after a bathroom break. The two armchairs in the room had also been cushioned with pillows — new ones, because Steve had run out of pillows — that had been scent-marked liberally. Those too had been used at some point.
It was dirty and wrong, the way his bare body writhed against Steve’s, in this position, the way he was spread wide and hovering over Steve’s face.
He rode Steve’s cock, rode him as he listened to Steve moan and cry out, until that lovely cock obligingly popped its knot. Then Tony wriggled on that cock, squeezed and clenched around that knot, feeling an overwhelming satisfaction holding it in his body. He arched and cried out in wanton delight as he felt Steve jerked, as he felt that cock come inside him over and over again. His own cock splurted come, splattered come all over Steve’s chest, which he rubbed into Steve’s skin and that was lovely too so he rode and squeezed that knot again and again, to do it all over again.
Steve let out a strangled cry and thrust all the way in, Tony’s wetness letting him slide right in even as Tony felt overwhelmed by the hard cock finally inside him. Clawing at the sheets, Tony felt weak, felt his body trembling with overwhelming desire at Steve’s large erection pinning him in place.
Then out of nowhere, Tony turned around and swiped a paw over Steve’s side. Bucky wasn’t close enough to see if he had his claws sheathed or not, but he suspected the claws were all out. Steve snapped at Tony, literally, although he didn’t come near to making contact. Tony hissed sharply before stalking away. Steve growled in a grumbling way and went after him. But Tony didn’t hiss or claw him anymore, they just ambled off together.
It was pretty damn weird to think that he had just patted Steve Rogers, his best friend, on the head. But then, Rhodes and Tony didn’t seem to feel any kind of awkwardness even as they shamelessly cuddled so Bucky had better step up as Steve’s best pal.
Tony blinked, slow, as he tried to process that. He just nodded and pulled Steve’s hands down to his belt, his meaning clear.
In response, Sam turned so that he was facing away from Bucky and looking towards Natasha instead. “Is that young Beta who used to be in S.H.I.E.L.D. still single? The one who couldn’t keep his eyes off my thighs?”
Steve wished he could lay one on Tiberius, but it would only cause more trouble for Tony. Anyway, Steve knew that Tony wouldn’t appreciate anyone trying to defend his honor for him, not when he could do it for himself.
Tony huffs, and stands from the ground, squinting against the glaring sun as he looks out to the long stretch of road ahead of them. Steve opens the backdoor and grabs a backpack full of water and snacks that Tony had insisted on bringing as ‘road fuel’.
“No, I really don’t think you are. It was an honest mistake,” Steve said. Then realized he forgot the most important part. He looked Tony in the eye with sincere contriteness and embarrassment. “I’m so sorry, Tony. I really am. I’ll make sure it doesn’t happen again.”
So what did he have to offer Tony? His body was strong and healthy, but it wasn’t a result of his own work. He wasn’t smart. He wasn’t nice. He wasn’t an instinctively nurturing Alpha, like some who found the urge to care for all Omegas. He was more likely to give them pep talks and lead them out to battle rather than trying to keep them completely free from harm. He was good at giving rousing speeches, not being a caring and protective Alpha.
“Can you ask if anyone of them wants to stay? I could build them a really nice big house that backs up against an entire forest, if that’s what they like,” Tony offered hopefully as they all stared across the crammed parking lot that they had directed the dragons to land on.
“Fuck,” Steve swore, looking down at the coffee cup he had unintentionally crumpled in his surprise and spike of anxiety. Most of the coffee had spilled out of the cup and gotten all over his hand as well as his shirt from where the cup had been held close to his body.
“Possessive. Ruthless. Unpredictable. I’ve a long list of flaws. And I’m not the only one who has ever been called that. Right Sonia?”
“She’s right Steve.” Bruce murmured, and then clearing his throat he said with firmness. “Visions are one thing, but it sounds to me like you’re describing a tangible psychic connection. Which, unless you have some sort of telepathic mutation we don’t know about, isn’t humanly possible without a bond. Even with the serum this sort of development seems unlikely.”
“Is it part of your methodology to deny them their heritage?” Prince T’Challa pulled all of the eyes at their table to him, and the conversations at the other tables seemed to be dying off as well. No one had actually dared to try serving the visiting royal in a pet dish so he was paused with fork in hand, midway through puncturing another bite of fish off his plate. He sounded pleasantly curious as he continued.
“I’m fine Jo. I think it’s me” she answered the A.I. with a small sigh. Space was cold. She and the others had spent more time on the ARK the last two years than they had anywhere else. The cold must have seeped into her bones. She was beginning to forget what it was like to feel the sun on her skin.
The old woman who sells from the produce cart outside the one stop mart turns her head toward him, her brown face wrinkling in wary suspicion at the sight of him – a strong looking man in worn clothing that covers him from head to toe. His metal arm is hidden beneath his tightly zipped jacket, his tail strapped unforgivingly tight to his side isn’t noticeable beneath the thick fabric of his trousers and the hat he wears hides his clipped ears.
"Yeah Jay I did. Daddy's in a relationship now so be a peach and mark the date will you? File it under anniversaries... don't let me screw this one up, okay Jay?"
Tony was born different, and not just because of the tail and ears. His genius set him apart. The tail and ears only meant that he'd had to fight for everything he's got now; but right, back. We're going back.
