“Come on buddy, upsy daisy.” Dean circles an arm around him and underneath his armpits and lifts him mostly to a standing position. Cas isn’t much help. They stumble together back into Cas’ bedroom. Dean tries to lower Cas back down onto the bed gently, but Cas is heavy and ends up dropping down harder than Dean meant for him to.
“Christians call the rising of the people into the sky to meet Jesus “the Rapture.” Paul said that the dead people will go up first.”
“I loved so much that you let me do that with you, Dean. That was so much trust, and so much submission. I asked a lot of you. And I’m honored that you gave it.”
He reached up and kissed Castiel back, sweetly and almost chastely. Then he dropped his head back down on the pillow, feeling like jello all through his body. Cas snuggled up to his side and Dean reached his arm around him and pulled him close, burying his face into Cas’ hair.
“This is what I meant, Dean. I want to worship you, here in this barn on this night. I want to worship you BECAUSE you are a man, and because you taught me how to love. I love the whole world, everyone, because of you. Everything you do, you do for love, Dean. You are the most selfless, loving human being I have ever, or will ever, know.”
Now Dean’s eyes were glistening, lost in the words being spoken like a prayer in front of the closed doors of the barn. “Cas….” he tried to interrupt.
“Well, that one doesn’t look like too much fun, unless we’re looking to reenact my stabbing you in the heart from our first go in a barn.” He looked up at Cas to see if there would be any clues to his thoughts. Cas’ face remained blank. Damn, he wasn’t giving anything away. Dean walked over nonchalantly and twanged the piece of rebar with his finger. Fuck that noise. He looked farther down the row of posts.
Cas drove into him fast and rough now, unable to hold back. Dean pushed back against him to get the right tension and friction. Cas thrust relentlessly, letting the grace hold Dean and keep him safe from damage. He let himself go, pushing against skin and flesh and bone, eyes burning blue, feeling the pulsing of the grace and their heartbeats quicken, hearing the wanton sounds rolling unbidden from their mouths, feeling the coiling inside of them, thinking of the heavy air and heat of Eden, of snakes and trees and sex and love, of stars exploding and things made new, and then they both tipped over together, into a galaxy of pure sensation and pleasure and love. They hung there suspended for a moment, together, caught in the heat. Then they slowly fell back to Earth, like the sparks of blown out lights, twisting through the dark in a barn long ago.
Dean gulped. “Um, ok. Go easy on me. It’s my first time.” He chuckled a little with the joke, but Cas just continued to stare at him intensely. Dean felt both exhilarated and nervous. What the hell was Cas gonna do to him?
“Oh, Cas,” Dean sighed. He drifted easily now, sinking into the bed, sinking away. The angelic grace built inside of him, reaching out into his limbs, pulsing softly like a ripple through his whole body. Castiel could feel it, could feel the inside of Dean, the pleasure holding him and releasing within him, like waves on the hot sand. Cas sat up quietly, watching Dean’s face twitch in ecstasy, feeling the thrumming of their connection inside of his own body. Flipping open the bottle of lube, Cas quickly slicked up his own cock and, lining himself up with Dean, pushed in slow and steady, into where his grace had already opened Dean’s body to him. He could feel both the grace connected to Dean’s soul and the connection of their flesh as he continued to push inside of Dean. Dean groaned and panted, completely unselfconsiously, completely lost to anything but the feeling of it all. Both of their eyes were closed in concentration, both lost in sensation, feeling the electricity against their skin, both outside and in.
Cas’ eyes flicked to the side, seeming to search the room, and then flicked back to Dean’s face, in that dominating way he had about him. Dean knew without a doubt that Cas knew every board, nail, and splinter of wood in this room. And that he was safe here with Cas.
Finally, after spending enough time on Dean’s chest that both nipples were wet and irritated and bite marks stood out against his skin, Cas retrieved his finger from Dean’s mouth and sat up, pulling Dean’s boxers down and off his body. Cas quickly discarded his own boxers as well, and then sat back on his heels for a moment, enjoying the picture laid out before him. Dean was openly panting now, his head tilted back and eyes closed, his arms straining at the ropes. His skin glowed as he writhed on top of the sheets, unable to stay still.
Pulling away, he knelt at Dean’s feet again, and looked up into his eyes. Dean had heard Cas call him beautiful it seemed like 20 times tonight, but as he looked down at his angel staring so adoringly back up at him, he couldn’t think of another word to describe him except beautiful. He truly loved him.
“Dean, I loved the man. That’s why I had sex with him. I wasn’t looking just to ‘tap that’, as you humans say. We shared a moment and enjoyed each other. It was very nice.”
Dean nodded in understanding. They continued walking, dodging other shoppers. Dean looked over at Cas, bit his lip, and looked down.
They lay in bed, both tired and feeling lazy together, but enjoying their togetherness in a way that made them not want to go to sleep yet. This kind of being together was still fairly new, but just old enough now to be comfortable. Or at least, beginning to be comfortable. It came more easily to Castiel, who felt easier in his own skin. Which was all kinds of ironic, since it had been a borrowed skin to begin with. But his big adjustment had been to the inhabiting of a human form. He had never felt any shame or regret about his gender or his sexual or romantic feelings towards other particular genders.  Dean’s struggles with his feelings about desire and affection and masculinity were fresher. It took losing Cas to the Empty for Dean to finally realize that life was indeed too short. It took hearing Castiel’s brave confession for Dean to feel safe enough to allow his own vulnerability to surface. He didn’t have to fear that his feelings wouldn’t be reciprocated. So in essence, he was a coward. But a now more contented coward that was lying here in bed with a man that loved him and whom he loved. And a coward that was at long last working through some of his shit. So he gave himself a little credit for that. If it took Castiel sacrificing himself and then resurrecting out of the Empty to pull Dean off of a nail in a barn where he hung like some kind of fucked up Jesus on a wooden cross, then so be it. With everything else they had gone through in the past few years, that maybe wasn’t even the weirdest thing that had happened to them.
,” Castiel whispers forcefully, eyes panicked. Dean’s taken aback by it. He didn’t realise Castiel wanted this so badly. Castiel squeezes his eyes shut for a moment, taking a calming breath. “I don’t – I don’t want to wait.”
“You okay to walk, Cas?” Dean says, voice soft and yet far too loud. Castiel nods, straightening up again and pausing for a moment to let his head clear. Dean must see though that he is struggling for he grabs Castiel’s wrist to pull over his own shoulder and rests the palm of his free hand against Castiel’s back.
Dean stares at him, the horror washing over him and he feels as though he might be sick. “Cas…” His voice is quiet, wavering. “I didn’t mean--”
The outer wall, however, is impenetrable, stones stacked fifteen feet high and three feet wide. The wall had only been fully functioning for two years now, having taken the effort of hundreds of men to construct it over seven years, not too long after the Queen was taken from her chamber by the angels themselves. She was never found and assumed dead, the king had ordered an outer wall to be constructed - seeming as their inner gate wasn't enough to keep out the savages. Seven years. Nicolaus had done his fair share of it. He still remembers those worst days. The scorching heat, blistering his hands and feet.
Castiel swallows, opening his mouth but-- "My brother. Michael." Dean's eyes fall away, a flash of something akin to disappointment.
Sam charges toward him then and this time Dean allows him to hold onto his brother as long as he wants.
“Luttrell,” Castiel answers, pouring himself a mug of water from a jug. It’s a lie of course – he was born and raised for his first eleven years in Iowan, the former capital of Karlon that borders Torrin.
Castiel gives her a brief smile, watching then as Mary begins to slowly make her way through her bowl. His own meal sits untouched beneath him.
The older boy stays where he is, his eyes scanning the shelves but Castiel notices the distinct tapping of his foot on the carpet.
“Is something wrong, De – Your Highness?” Castiel asks, as he stands beside him. Since they went a while without speaking or barely speaking, Castiel has already forgotten to use his title in public. The last thing they want to do is draw attention to their closeness.
A few nights later when they both turn up to prom together, many turn their heads but most don’t actually believe what they are seeing is romantic. That is until they start dancing in each others arms and planting the occasional kiss on each others lips.
It didn’t take long for the doctor and maids to figure out the wound wasn’t deep and not in need of any serious attention. Castiel refused to be bandaged there and then, holding another clean piece of cloth he was given against his wound the entire ride back to the castle after Dean, by himself, trekked to the lake to gather their horses, still not wanting anyone else to discover it. Although if Nicolaus found it, Dean did not say.
It's like the earth itself lets out a pent-up breath when William tells them it appears the guards have finished their search, coming up empty handed, and that he’s received word from Emery. It's nothing much. Only a short letter.
A small, short laugh puffs from Castiel’s lips as he leans down and captures Dean’s lips with his own.
be making sure the girls are placing their hiking packs in correctly so that the canoe doesn’t capsize halfway through their trip.
“I apologise for interrupting but there is time for words later,” Emery says, gentle yet firm. “If we are to be as successful as you were in your last escape we must not waste a second.”
“Do not tell me what I have no idea about. And you don’t get to give up. Because you never let me give up. Even though it’s all I wanted.” Castiel takes a breath, meets his gaze head on. “Even though I wanted to because of you.”
His best option so far is still to exit out through the forest. The clouds, luckily, are out tonight, blocking some of the moonlight already. He still hasn't made his decision on whether to kill the guards or not. On whether to run with Castiel. He doesn't want to leave him and yet he doesn't want to leave his friends and Sam behind either. He doesn't want to never see them again or worse – have them be punished for his role in helping Castiel escape.
A hand brushes his own before entangling his fingers. Castiel’s gaze snaps beside him to find Dean. Standing.
Dean looks up, finds the place where the wall is lowest but looks stable enough to use the fallen pieces of the castle to climb over.
Those same words are imprinted forever in his mind. He thinks that if he was stripped of all else, those words would be the only thing he’d know. He can’t count how many times he’s replayed them over and over. And although his father never said it in such a way that it made Catharlo think he thought of his son in shame, it still ached. Deeper than he thought it could.
“Don’t you look at me like that,” she responds, before smiling shyly and scurrying back to the kitchen, mumbling something under her breath. Dean chuckles, looking back to the food and filling his own plate. Sam and Mervyn do the same.
Until he realises the shouting has disappated and suddenly his name is being said. Castiel’s eyes flutter open to find none other than Michael standing before him, his eyes not meeting--
Castiel’s already at the library by the time Dean gets there. He’s in his usual attire, head down over a book, one earbud in his ear. And strangely, he looks…peaceful. Dean almost doesn’t want to ruin the moment.
“It’s okay, Dean,” Leda cuts him off, saving him. “You don’t have to tell me. But whatever has happened – whether your father has laid off you or perhaps…you’ve found a lady…” Her eyes twinkle and Dean has to try his hardest not to turn red with embarrassment. “I’m grateful for it. I don’t like seeing you so down all the time.” Dean goes to retort but cuts himself off. He can’t help but flick his eyes over his shoulder to where Castiel is following behind them. Their eyes meet for a quick moment and there’s the smallest of smiles on Castiel’s face. Dean’s heart thuds in his chest.
. Like he’ll ever feel normal anywhere. For even here, he’s only the boy that pushed Castiel’s entire mission off course, all because he has some pathetic desire to feel loved.
“I bet he won’t show up. Probably gonna do what he did to that poor kid,” Brady says, a smugness about him now.
And part of him, tomorrow, wants to stride toward the demon and let him run him through. For it seems so much easier than saving the world. The fear is so great, settled so deeply inside of him that he feels numb.
“Don’t you want to know what it is for your heart to be free?” Catharlo stands for a long moment, eyes never straying until Emery’s hand falls from his chest and unfurls out in front of him, waiting for someone to take it.
“What does it look like?” Dean says with a laugh. Castiel stares at the glinting water. His eyes widen in disbelief.
They’re not far from their cabin, the sun barely over the horizon but it’s enough to light the field for them. There are plenty of angels about up the far end of the camp but down here, they have some space to themselves since there are less angels training due to Nyree putting more on the barrier.
Castiel paces up and down the living room, his suit ruffled and his hair even more so. While Castiel is extremely grateful that Sam and Jess hooked him up with someone to go to prom with, he is not so much grateful that it’s Sam’s older brother, Dean Winchester.
In an instant Castiel is thundering down stairs and racing straight out into the yard and into Dean’s arms, his best friend for years and the only person he’s ever had a crush on. Somehow everything is coming true.
Castiel holds his eyes for a moment before he smiles, eyes crinkling at the side. And it’s so strange. To see a smile that isn’t forced or mocking. To see a genuine one. Dean’s heart flutters. “How unfortunate.”
Sam on the other hand, he is extremely proud of. His brother will make a great king, although Sam himself is too worried about everything to believe it. With everyone he has at his side though, Dean is certain he will handle everything just fine.
They stop outside the throne room and with only a second to spare, Dean glances at Castiel, taking him in one last time. Those eyes. Those lips. That small smile that Castiel offers Dean now – as if saying, don’t worry, I’m here for you.
Dean sniffs, huffing a laugh. “Yes, just tired. Haven’t really slept. Can’t complain, of course. It wasn’t me that was captured by bandits and held for ransom after all.” He smiles, forced and flicks his eyes up to Castiel for a second before they slip away and Castiel’s frown only deepens.
“I’m not – I do not wish to dance, Dean. You are mistaken.” Dean eyes him warily but doesn’t say anything more.
“Cas, please, I--” Dean reaches for him, grabs him by the shoulder but Castiel jerks away from him as though burned.
Towards the back of the castle, they enter a large spacious room – for now completely taken up by guards fighting. The training hall, as Dean calls it. Only the guards who aren’t currently wielding a sword or in the middle of combat take notice of Dean and nod their heads.
Dimarus’s eyes are harsh when they cut to Reyne. “They’re not forcing you to tell it so, are they? They are not holding you--”
And maybe this was stupid, maybe Castiel won’t even be home or maybe he’ll slam the door in his face as soon as he sees who it is--
But once again, his judgment of everything that is Dean has been pretty poor so far. If anything, it only makes him want to find out more about him.
He groans, his head swimming and feels the taste of blood on his tongue. He’s unable to even react as someone punches him square in the face and another kicks him in the stomach. Across the hall, in the other cells, prisoners watch on and cheer, screaming out slurs and orders.
Dean takes a seat and watches as Castiel hesitantly takes the seat opposite. Just like breakfast and lunch, Castiel doesn’t start eating right away, his shoulders hunched and there is that boy again. There’s a hint of redness at the tips of his ears and when he glances up, his eyes are apprehensive. Dean has absolutely no clue what could possibly be wrong with him. He holds Castiel’s eyes and nods again, just as he did at lunch but Castiel only squirms in his seat. It’s only when Castiel cranes his head slightly a few times that Dean understands.
With one hand on Castiel’s waist, the other on his arm, he helps him to his feet. “Let me take you home.”
Castiel stares at his knees in front of him, clutching them tighter to his chest. “Why are you doing this?” he mutters weakly.
He squeezes Dean's hand tightly in his own. "Always?" he whispers, and there’s something else there, in his eyes, something uncertain, fearful, as though he doesn’t quite believe that Dean will.
However, the angels only continued their ways on earth ignorant of the meaning of their own punishment. They converged on the northern continent – on Torrin and built themselves a home there. Not wanting to live alongside them, King Winchester of the time finally allowed them to draw a line in the dirt and Karlon was from then on, penned onto the maps.
"Uh, thanks, dude," he starts, rubbing the back of his neck with his hand. "I've been at the school for a while and most of the girls I've known for five years so that's probably why. You're great too though." Dean pauses, realising what he's said. "You know, with the - uh - girls."
The king raises his voice once more, laying out their plans. Certain soldiers will stay behind to protect the castle, Dimarus leading them. He doesn’t trust all the angels to meet him on the battlefield, suggesting some might try and attack here while he is gone with his army.
"So, you just want to fuel your ego?" Dean splutters beside him and Castiel feels a hand lightly smacking him in the arm.
He finds a large book, bulging with letters stuffed into it in one of the drawers of the king’s desk and flicks through the first few pages. It seems to be mostly documenting the castle’s dealings with other towns but nothing of Iowan and the queen’s visits there to deal with the angels in person. He browses through hoping to find anything else when he comes across a passage that looks as though it’s a diary entry.
They move on, heading towards a wide clearing filled with nothing but angels engaging in combat training.
He listens to the sounds of guards rushing around outside and when finally, those on the king’s balcony move inside, Castiel doesn’t waste a second more. He starts his descent down the castle towards his window, barely pausing to make sure his purchases are safe before resting his weight on them. A guard runs around below, yelling and screaming at the others and Castiel stops in his tracks, slowing his breathing as he clings to the wall, pressing his body against the cold stone. He’s still so far up that the guards most likely aren’t even able to see him but he still waits until they’re out of sight anyway. He breathes deeply, stepping down to find another hold for his feet.
The sun highlights the different shades of green in Dean’s eyes. Something changed since he was whipped. Does Dean feel guilt over it? Is this his way of saying sorry? He wouldn’t think it possible. Castiel was the one who acted first, who hurt Dean first. He is the one who should be saying sorry. If he was good at using his words, that is.
But the breeze whistles around him, the sky clear and the sun out and it’s enough for him to stop for a second – to breathe a sigh of relief – to let his guard down for the precious few seconds he has.
He smiles, all charming and handsome and Dean never thought a stupid fake break up could ever feel so real.
Dean huffs a small laugh before glancing towards the grass and it’s hard to tell since they’ve all run themselves red but he swears there’s the hint of a blush on his cheeks. Dean clears his throat. “So…when did you want to go out?”
On another note, please, please, do not worry about me not finishing this story. I have a detailed plan of the entire thing mapped out and I've literally never been more passionate about anything, it's just that I don't have the mental capacity to put pen to paper (or fingers to keyboard :/) at the moment. If you do want some reassurance at any time though, please don't be afraid to drop me a message on my tumblr or even a comment here (although I take a bit longer to answer here as I check it much less). Anyways, thank you all for your patience and support. Your kind words really mean a lot. And once again, I'm really, really sorry and I wish things were different :(
you.” And it feels as if all the air has been sucked out of the room and his chest tightens so painfully that he fears it might crack but he only keeps silent, returning Dean’s hard gaze. Dean gives him one last shove before he lets go of him, swiftly turning his back and heading for the door. It closes behind him with a small click and Castiel’s left alone once more, that hope fading right before him.
“I wasn’t thinking,” he says, swallowing around the lump in his throat. “I was in pain. I wouldn’t have even thought to find the grace at all. I would have given up.” And it’s true. He knows it is. “And even when I came upon the grace, I did not know how I was to retrieve it. But you had told me, at the battle, that a powerful force had knocked all to the ground. That it must have been the halo. Without you telling me of it, letting me know of the power I held, I would not have come back with the grace.”
“Oh, right,” Dean mutters, before running his own hands through his hair, really wishing that it was Castiel’s hands instead. “Good?”
“It doesn’t matter,” his father cuts in, anger rising. “My son looked certain. And that’s enough to go on.” Dean clenches his fists hard, nails biting into his skin.
Castiel never faulted him for keeping his eyes closed. Sometimes he even blindfolded Dean, to help him relax even further. He knew Dean still felt kinda shaky about openly lusting after a man’s body. He knew that Dean himself knew that there was nothing wrong with it, his desire to look upon and touch another’s body, but that the feelings wired into his brain from years of toxic social norms took a while to lose their grip. It was like an exorcism of sorts.
All of the store windows they passed were filled with Christmas decorations… scenes from various stories, ranging from Rudolph to Dr. Seuss to a Torrid store window featuring Krampus. Dean was tired and cold and was feeling increasingly agitated at the obvious and shiny capitalistic desperation adorning all the storefronts. He wanted home and he wanted whiskey. As soon as possible. He squashed the bad word rising up in his throat when Cas stopped at a display they had passed. He rolled his eyes and shifted his feet, barely glancing at the assemblage of figures nestled behind the window of a craft store.
Dean felt a little sheepish at the accuracy of Cas’ observations about him. He also felt a little spied on. But he knew that Castiel didn’t ACTUALLY spy on him. Cas would never peek into his head without permission. Cas just knew him very, very well. Like a best friend would. Like an attentive lover would. Dean nodded.
“Come on, let’s get back to the car,” Cas said, pulling him along. “You’re still coming down from the scene and I need to get you rehydrated and get some food into you.”
Dean looked over at him seriously. “You are terrible, Castiel.” Cas started smiling his big, gummy smile. “You are a horrible, awful corndog and you are probably going to Hell for that.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, sitting all the way down on the floor, “Sometimes I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to it either.”
Castiel began to walk off, and Dean grabbed his arm and yanked him back. He held him with a vice-like grip in front of the Nativity set.
Dean had stopped counting. He was still able to hold on to the spike above his head, but now he could only moan. Castiel gave him one last lick, and then dropped the belt. Dean was still on his feet, able to stand. Blood ran down his back in stripes. His shoulders heaved with his rapid breathing, and his head lolled on his shoulder. Castiel knew that the incriminating voices in his head would leave him alone for a while now. So that Dean could hear the words he needed to hear.
Dean takes a breath and opens the door all the way, walking inside. Cas is lying on his bed, his tie askew and coat falling off his shoulders. His face looks practically green. Sweat drips from his forehead. He is semi-leaning over a small trash can next to the bed. His smile at Dean as he walks in is both weak and endearing. Dean smiles back with sympathy.
Dean’s arms went up without hesitation, hands grasping the bar obediently. Castiel checked Dean’s eyes once more, looking for fear or reluctance, and saw none. He ran his hands down the sides of Dean’s body, and Dean shivered at the contact. He let his hand linger on one side, lovingly tracing the skin above Dean’s hip with his fingers.
Cas, ever the responsible friend and lover, untied Dean’s wrists immediately and massaged them. They both winced a bit when Cas pulled out, flopping down next to each other and gasping for air, hearts beating a mile a minute.
“Sometimes, it’s not about the pleasure I’m receiving. Or rather, I FEEL pleasure from giving it. I get gratification from giving it, both mental and physical." He looked at Dean studiously. “From giving it to you.” And he reached over and kissed Dean’s lips sweetly.
A sharp retching sound can be heard coming from inside. Dean frowns and decides to go ahead and poke his head in. Steeling himself, he cracks the door open a bit and peeks around it. “Cas?”
Dean did as he was told without hesitation. He turned around, reached up, and grabbed the bar above him.
“Holy shit, I’m an idiot,” Dean exclaimed after a minute. “You never got to finish, Cas. What the hell? We got all carried away with me and we forgot you!”
Castiel stood up from the bed abruptly and began walking around the room, rummaging around their things. He continued to talk as he rummaged.
“So he kissed me first. I remember he pulled away a moment, to see if I wanted this, I think. And then he kissed me again, to show me it was a more-than-friends kiss. I went into his arms. Almost immediately. I was nervous, but it just felt so easy. Then he fell to his knees and washed my feet. It was like…. like HE worshipped ME. This beautiful, brave, amazing man. He washed my feet and then reached up and caressed me. He kissed me again, and I was lost. I couldn’t think...couldn’t hardly move. I just…. opened. My mouth opened and my body opened and I was his. His hands on me were fire. He held me and kissed me and made me feel so many things. I had never before embodied a human vessel so completely. I praised him as he kissed me, and he whispered to me to stop, that he was just a man while I was an angel. But I couldn’t stop. His mouth and his hands on me made me feel things I had never felt before. They were like the most delicious oil, sliding over my skin. I came again and again with my face buried in his neck, ashamed of the sounds coming out of my mouth. But he told me not to feel ashamed. He told me that he loved me, and that this time was ours to be enjoyed. He finally finished by laying me down on my back and holding my hands above my head, so I had to look up at him. He filled me completely, with his body and his soul. I closed my eyes because I couldn’t take it, the love and  the tenderness pouring out of this man. But he wouldn’t let me hide my face. I shouted, I think. From pure joy. He held my hands and kept me still and kissed my face. It was magical.”
“Yes, as in THE Apostle Paul. People forget that Paul was a human, the same as they are. Humans get so caught up in the minutia of that particular book, the Bible, which is really just a collection of very old writings and letters that have been translated and rewritten over and over again. By other humans. The idea that every single thing in the Bible is THE word of God is kinda weird. And pretty convenient for the authors, I think.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, after a beat. “Maybe not so much the asshole frat boys. But good friends? Sure. We take care of each other.”
Castiel snickered, and then stood at the end of the bed. Dean thought that he looked like the cat that got the cream, standing there in his boxers, chest glistening in the heat of the room. Without warning, Cas grabbed Dean by the ankles and pulled him down the bed, laying him out flat on his back. Dean grunted in surprise.
“I am more than ok, Dean. I am….. ecstatic.”  Cas rolled over so he could look Dean in the eyes. He grabbed his hand and leaned in, kissing him softly on the lips. “You’re the best thing to ever happen to me, Dean Winchster.”
“Paul had it all wrong. God isn’t up in the sky. He’s here, with us. He’s everywhere. And we don’t have to leave each other or deny ourselves to be loved. We’re deserving of love just as we are. We CAN experience true love, as pure as any love, down here on Earth.”
“Don’t forget, Dean. Jesus was a divine being, but he was also a man. That’s what made him so special. People could relate to him, in ways they couldn’t relate to the angels or to God. Whenever angels would come down to speak to people, we ALWAYS had to tell people not to be afraid.  Not that it helped much. The people would always urinate. Or run away. Remember when we met? You stabbed me!”
Dean looked him straight in the eye. He was a hunter after all. And he was Dean fucking Winchester.  “Yes, Castiel. I know what you are asking, and I want it.”
“Hope what?” Dean asked, concerned at Cas’ slight frown. Karen Carpenter crooned mellowly from the radio. A Christmas song, of course. Dean couldn’t remember the name of this one.
Castiel blushed and ducked his head, the commanding angel now tucked away neatly like the wings on his back. He looked back up, meeting Dean’s eyes. “I love you,” he said, quietly and solemnly.
He wasn’t a monster though, so he stood up, letting Dean rest from the constant stimulation that would make him come too soon. Cas put one hand on Dean’s heart and the other hand on his cheek, kissing his face and down to his neck.
“The miracle!” Cas yelled back, playfully running ahead and dragging Dean along behind him. Dean bit the inside of his cheek to try to hide his grin at the sight of his serious angel of the Lord FROLICKING through the fields like a kid at recess. He didn’t quite manage it. Any reluctance on his part was now feigned, just to keep up his reputation as a hardened hunter who didn’t have time for any bullshit. He always had time for THIS kind of bullshit. He wondered briefly how cold and sodden it would be inside the barn, but again felt that faint electric something on the surface of his skin, and decided to stop worrying. He was with an angel, HIS angel, and he knew he would be ok, whatever it was he was walking into.
“Do you WANT help following my instructions, Dean? I need to hear the words,” Cas asked, just to be sure. To give Dean an out.
“Ok,” Dean replied. Cas was kind of surprised at how easily Dean gave that concession, but was grateful for it. He planned on giving him water and a granola bar in the car to make sure he didn’t drop. His wounds might be healed, but it had still been a pretty intense impact scene, and that could sometimes spiral unexpectedly in a human’s head. And since the head belonged to HIS human, he was adamant about responsible aftercare.
“You’re doing so well, Dean. You are so beautiful. You are so good. You shine so brightly, brighter than that star outside.”
Dean blushed and ducked his head down. He lifted Castiel’s hand to his lips and kissed his knuckles.
“Above thy deep and dreamless sleep, the silent stars go by,” he choked out. Cas added a hand to the base of his dick, steadily jacking him while he sucked him down. Dean could barely hold himself up, let alone think. What was the next line?
They are on the road once more, following the same trail Nyree and her half of the army did when the left Anathee, going around the larger villages, not wanting to attract too much attention. In Lithos they are met with quiet celebration from their closest allies. A feast prepared and beds spared for those that would like a warm one for the night. Not all offer, however, as it seems there are still many people of the town that were not allies to the angels and are in shock to see such a number of them crowding outside their village.
“Hey, it’s okay. It’s okay. You’re here with me. You’re safe with me,” he says, and Castiel nods, raising a hand to wipe at the wetness on his cheeks. If anything, though, his words only hurt more.
Castiel’s eyes widen before he bows. “Uh, yes. Of course. I apologise for my behaviour before. I’ve never been taught the proper ways to treat a noble woman let alone a beautiful, noble woman.”
Dean closes the door behind them as they enter Castiel’s chambers. “What are you doing?” he hisses, finally letting his guard down.
When Sam turns to him, he frowns. “Cas. Your face. What happened?” he asks, eyebrows bunched together in concern.
Catharlo frowns. “It says it needs two of those with blood of the holy, both willing, to touch their vessels to the wall to be able to open the door. Blood of the holy, what could that--”
“And tonight, we toast!” Dean’s voice booms, and the people cheer and whistle below, all that hold drinks, raising them to the sky. But Dean hesitates and the hand in Castiel’s own, squeezes his tighter. “To the kingdom we’ve built together!”
“And…” Dean says, letting out a deep breath. “I…care about you.” Castiel’s eyes widen, warmth filling him as he turns to look at the prince. Dean swallows when their eyes meet. “I can’t have you dying of some fucking disease from that filthy dungeon after all.” He shoots Castiel a smug smile that falls flat. Castiel frowns slightly, the warmth in his chest dissipating.
Mary sighs, a small but bright smile on her face. “Would you look at that? I haven’t set foot outside this camp since we first settled here all those years ago. And here my two boys are, important enough to step in and out of its boundaries within mere days.”
"Welcome to all the new faces I see. I'm Castiel and I will be your coach for this semester or for however many sessions you decide to show up to."
Dean rubs a hand over the back of his neck. "Wasn't too bad," he says with an infectious grin and Castiel finds his lips quirking upward.
Lightning flashes, the sky lit up and just there in the centre of Nicolaus' vision, beyond the tree line – wings. For some reason, in this very moment, Nicolaus freezes, a surge of panic climbing in his throat, preventing him from calling out.
Sam freezes, his eyes widening in disbelief. He shakes his head. "No, he's wrong. He's not. He doesn't have any wings."
“Well, why not get rid of him? I’ll have him.” Leda laughs when Dean nudges her side with a glare. “I’m serious. You’re the oh so amazing Crown Prince. Get rid of him and find someone else.”
They rise together in the dark, stretching out their limbs and readying themselves. If Castiel strains his ears, he can hear the sound of the others padding around as well. Dean heads in to wake Sam to find his brother already preparing to move out. They all gather at the front of the inn and say short goodbyes to those that hosted them before they make their way out.
“But Laiba and Usman, your family, your life,” Castiel starts but Elaria shakes her head, eyes sad all of a sudden.
He peers up under his eyelashes, face crusty from his tears and the dry blood. He has to at least try. Convince Dean that what he believes – what he thinks of the angels – is wrong.
"Uh, hey sorry about this," he says, voice low and smooth. "I'm not gay or anything so this probably won't be any fun." Castiel's heart sinks a little but at least his nerves can flutter away. Castiel smiles sheepishly.
Dean is next, not enjoying remembering the awful smell and feel of sludge raised to the ankles of his boots. Emery follows down after, gracefully enough that it reminds him of Castiel and his heart pangs for a moment as he realises how close he is to seeing him once again.
Castiel stares at his hands, heart pounding until it hits him and he lets out a breathy laugh. Of course. Because if he can do it with one part of himself, why not the other?
“Nicolaus, we need to hurry,” the other guard says, eyeing back the way they came in. Nicolaus nods.
They change into their clothes quickly, Dean having promised to meet Sam for lunch. But even then, with the chatter all around him and Sam’s excited smiles as he tells a story from this morning, Dean can’t focus on anything except for the man who sits across the table from him.
“Dean,” Castiel says, a little desperate and Dean pulls back to look at him. Castiel swallows thickly, wings ruffling either side of him.
“I suppose.” Dean smiles, feeling a thrill of excitement. “Stand behind me and place your hand on my right shoulder.” Dean does so, lifting his right hand to rest it on Castiel’s shoulder as he did the other night.
There was a certain lightness to Dean's eyes at the sight of the two boys - something he hasn't seen since...well, he's not sure he remembers now. Until he turns his eyes on Castiel and the light fades.
“I’m sure you’re all starving,” Nyree says, stepping towards them. “Why don’t we get you all to the kitchens and then you can talk.” She motions for their escorts to take their things.
“The Elo de Olapireta spoke to them, told them of what was coming.” For they see all. Even from his own religion, which strangely, he still feels tied to despite the unfathomable proof of Castiel’s own, he understands that. Being spoken to by a god – by a holy power – there’d be no denying it.
Castiel watches for a moment, hands still in his lap until he feels eyes on him again. He glances up to see Dean watching him. They regard each other for a moment before Dean gives the slight nod of his head towards the food.
“No.” Dean’s eyes finally meet his, open and confused. Hurt lingers there. Castiel’s lips twist. “Stay. Please
“And no one did anything to stop you.” His voice breaks as he speaks, a choked off sob sounding from his lips. He can barely see through his tears but he looks around anyway, meeting every eye he can. “No one did anything,” he says hoarsely. “You look to me like I’m some saviour and yet you all stood by and let me suffer.”
Patrus’ eyes darken, almost turning completely black. “Oh, yes. Usually I only need a brush of my fingers to their heart. Dear Michael took a lot more to begin hurting you after I saved you at the invasion.”
Patrus is howling somewhere as Castiel hisses as Dean cradles a hand under his shoulder and cradles him against him.
But when Dean opens his mouth, it’s the very question he doesn’t want to be asked. “And what about my mother? What did the angels do to her?” All words die on Castiel’s tongue. But he has to say something.
Dean has lost much but he didn’t realise how lucky he was to still have Sam by his side. He couldn’t imagine how it would hurt if he was taken from him.
Dean can barely concentrate in his lesson with Orderic. Castiel is nowhere to be seen, having disappeared into the shelves not too long ago but he still flicks his eyes around every minute or so, longing for the sight of him.
Castiel straightens his back and lifts his chin. “Castiel.” The prince nods, his hands unclasping from behind his back and slowly he’s crouching down in front of him until they’re exactly eye level.
"Well, hope your seven minutes weren't too bad," he says, winking and Castiel rolls his eyes but smiles all the same.
Emery slowly drops the grate back down and slumps against the back of the stables with a sigh. He wipes his dirty hands on his trousers before leaning his head back.
Castiel gasps in surprise, gripping Dean's jerkin tight as Dean fastens his pace. Up ahead, Dean sees Sam glance around the back of the stables before motioning towards them and disappearing behind. Dean's about to turn the corner as well, when something flashes in the corner of his eye. He stops in his tracks, head spinning around to where they exited the castle.
“Well, good luck with that. You must be doing well for yourself if the crown prince is trusting you.” Catharlo smiles at the praise. “I’ll see you tomorrow, will I?”
“Okay,” he breathes, and Castiel’s feels a slight weight lift from his shoulders. Dean runs his hands over his face, scrubbing his eyes before making his way over to his desk and slumping down in the chair. Castiel hesitantly makes his own way over to stand in front of it.
But Dean only grabs his wrist to still him and smiles as he says, “It’s okay, Cas. It’s only some wine. I’ll have the servants stitch me a new pair.”
Castiel falters in front of him, having seen it in the light of the flame too but he continues on and when they finally stop before it, Emery realises why.
Dean’s eyes sweep slowly over his face, a strange look in his eye before he swallows, shaking his head as though vanquishing some thought. Then he smiles and leads them on their way.
A rough sound punches out of him and his hips jerk minutely, back and forth on Dean’s lap, almost as if he’s unable to stop and Dean’s grip on Castiel’s tightens, heat and pleasure flowing through every inch of him now.
Dean's eyes are uncertain when they find Castiel's. "Go. You should clean yourself up and get some rest," Castiel says.
"Good. Can you sit?" she asks Castiel, and he nods before Dean helps him up until he's sitting upright on the bed. "I'm going to put some ointment on and then I'll wrap you up." Castiel's about to nod when he hears it.
Patrus turns to him then, grinning now. “Oh, that’s because I don’t need to.” And with that, they let their swords fall to the ground.
But before it can get too much Dean is planting another sloppy kiss on his cheek, whispering a “Happy anniversary,” and then he’s taking off back the way he came.
Until Dean stepped up. He would be crowned king of course, Castiel alongside him too, and reign until Adam and Ofelia’s daughter came of age. The duty had seemed near impossible – to raise their kingdom to be as it once was.
“I’m not sure what Castiel thought of us in that moment but by the end of the day I think we all knew. That we were meant to be.”
Brother. He’d almost forgotten. Castiel didn’t have any disdain in his voice when he mentioned him but could that be who? His brother is the one that trained him. And what did Castiel say all the way back in that cell?
“And I didn’t want to admit it. Because you were supposed to be this prick but I liked you anyway.” Castiel’s eyes glimmer but he doesn’t look away. “And every time we hung out together I liked you a little more. I just – I couldn’t help it and I was fucked up over it. And I mean, you saw how I could barely stay away even after the bet was done. Because--"
He shakes his head, tears stinging his eyes. He can’t stop thinking – can’t stop denying. He didn’t sleep at all – he couldn’t even close his eyes. Not knowing that the person who could have killed his mother was lying just a few chambers –
Castiel signed up because of him. To be with him. Because Castiel likes him. Has liked him before he even came on this camp.
It’s confirmed when he finally speaks, words low, “I should have known. We should have figured it out. All this time--” Nyree’s firm hand on his shoulder stops him short.
“You’re right,” he says, voice hard once more. “You don’t understand. And you never will. So, just leave it be.”
They've been working since the early hours of the morning, far before the sun had risen on the horizon. The structures spread all the way across the front of the castle, and two rows back - the servants only just starting to work on the third and last. It's quite the spectacle. Would be a shame to see all of it torn down in favour of an inside event. Nicolaus had risen with them, attending his morning duties and indulging himself to have a peek at the promising set up. The celebrations seem to get more exquisite every year.
It’s been hours since they left the port and whilst the land beyond is in his sight, he would do anything to will it faster. But he is not a god. Only half an angel it seems. All he can do is stand at the prow, eyes fixed on the rising distance and grip the rail for support.
“Fuck’s wrong with him? Got his fucking panties in a twist?” Brady says, still looking slightly taken aback by Castiel’s harshness.
“No…” he whispers, his lungs filling with air but he’s not quite sure he’s breathing. “How?” he asks, the knowledge that the mysterious man that whirled into his life and into his arms was saved from death by his own mother – it’s almost too much.
“Great. Cold-hearted loner who sleeps around. All caught up,” Cillian says dryly, clearly disinterested in the conversation.
call me like this again.” He hangs up before rubbing a hand over his face. “Shit, sorry, you ready to go in?” And his eyes keep flicking away from Dean’s, almost as if he’s embarrassed by what Dean might’ve just heard.
"Sam. Go grab one of the torches from the stables. Through the back door." Despite the apprehension on his brother's face, he nods, racing off around the corner.
Until Castiel looks up and meets his eyes. “I don’t deserve you.” Dean sees it in his eyes. The aching shame. “I hurt you,” he says, and he’s never seemed smaller.
“You took my mother from me. My father from me,” he says, voice rising steadily louder. “My brother from me. My people, my home.” Castiel raises his dagger, standing over Patrus.
Castiel bites his lip, rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly as he says, “It’s my shift tonight to go through the equipment. If you don’t have anything to hurry off to, I could use some help with that.”
“I have but that doesn’t mean you will be permanent so don’t get too ahead of yourself.” Dean smiles mockingly. “Now would you please,” he gestures towards the maid. “We only have limited time to eat and bathe before I have to attend a meeting.”
Castiel hasn’t felt much inside since the day he fell to his knees and broke under the evening sky. But now – now he feels everything in full force. Worst of all the raging anxiety that threatens to push him to his knees once more. Because what if it’s not there? What if the demon has already beat them to it and has had the grace all along? What if he collects it…but he can’t bring Dean back? Either because even with all the Three he can’t bring people back or the dead have been dead too long for their souls to be brought back to their body, their bodies unable to be restored from their decay.
Castiel lies alone in bed, dawn not yet arrived. Despite all else that is going on, despite Michael appearing across from him, watching him with unreadable eyes, he had had an okay night.
"I only came in to say hello," William says, standing at the head of the table, "and goodbye to you three. I've taken you as far as I can. And these folks will make sure you get where you need to safely. I hope all goes well in the rest of your journey. Charlie and I'll be keeping our ears open for any news."
He doesn’t even realise he’s stopped in his tracks until Castiel knocks on the cabin next door. He shakes his head, trudging up the steps to where Castiel waits. Sam is bleary eyed and half dressed when he lets them in, Dean taking one last glance over his shoulder at the angels.
"Go back to your chambers. You and I will be having a chat very shortly." Dean mumbles a ‘yes, father’ in return before hastily making his exit. He doesn't even bother heading towards the kitchens with the two guards that follow him. It's a small relief, however, that they don't follow him into his room for he sinks to the ground as soon as he shuts himself in, head in his hands and the tears fall freely now, unable to stop.
Cas nods, glad that Dean isn’t going to dig in his heels and refuse. He’s beginning to suspect that Dean might have a bit of a reckless streak if he isn’t reigned in just a little bit.
Dean huffs a laugh and cracks a smile. “Please.” His cock is already plumping, remembering the cruel denial paid to it earlier in the evening and is determined to try again.
For now, he needs a token of ownership for Cas to wear for protection and he thinks he has just the thing buried at the bottom of his great chest.
Crowley flashes a smarmy smile and shrugs. “And yet here I am. Your new guy could use from training.” Crowley gestured toward Cas with his head and Benny glare turns on him.
He stops outside room fourteen and hesitates. Does he knock? Does he just go in? “Man up Winchester” He mutters under his breath and reaches for the handle. It’s just Cas behind the door, why should he knock?
Dean is grateful that Cas isn’t making him meet his eyes as he answers. He can handle physical intensity, but this kind of discussion is intense on an entirely different level and Dean just isn’t good at that. “Ownership,” Dean answers honestly.
“She was trying to get you to whip me.” Dean sits up and turns on the light. “Wasn’t she? I was late getting home from the market because some asshole stole the flour I was sent to buy. She wouldn’t believe me.”
“Fuck,” Dean groans, dropping his head back. He needs to stop thinking about bottomless blue eyes and that gummy smile.
At the edge of the hard-packed earth that marks the boundary of the village, he pries the iron band on his wrist open enough to tug Dean’s mark from his body. When he takes his first step into the long grasses at the edge of the village, he considers flinging the band as far as he can but his stomach twists at the thought and his heart refuses to force his hand.
The monk returns to his work a pointed nod, leaving Dean to stand alone wondering what his uncle is scheming.
Cas’ pace doesn’t falter and Dean fights back a desperate sob as he buries his face in the pillow. His body tingles with the need for release but he isn’t allowed. Dean does his best to think unsexy thoughts and the feeling of despair welling in him almost has him calling out for this to stop.
Isolated from his brothers, two weeks have passed since their arrival in the Viking village. Castiel has been set to work preparing the garden for planting with several other slaves. The work is hard but not unfamiliar. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for his interactions with Dean.
Sam looks to Gabe with betrayal written over his features. “How long have you known?” He swallows hard around his words and his bright eyes are blown wide in the darkness.
Dean shakes his head with a huff. “And say what? I miss you or some shit like that? I’m not a fifteen-year-old girl, Sam” he glares.
“I take it this is what you were asking for?” Sarah stops next to Dean and holds a piece of paper just out of reach with a tender smile. “He been good to you, Cas?” She arches a brow, her smile disappearing as she fixes Dean with a stern look.
“What would I do on tour? I’m not part of the band,” Cas complains a little more before taking a searing gulp of the Scotch. He grimaces with a cough and sits forward, pinching the bridge of his nose as his mind wanders.
Truthfully, Dean is probably the one he is least annoyed with. The only one who doesn’t waste his time posturing and trying to deflect the blame of a failed operation.
Cas sighs and holds Dean close, ignoring for now just how heavy his boyfriend is. The boundless affection swelling in his chest has him smiling as he strokes his fingers through Dean’s sweaty hair.
Cas lets out a strangled sounding squeak and Dean grins his victory. He and Cas haven’t been in a position to do more than kiss and hold each other close but those dreams with the honey have held starring roles in his spank bank material for years.
Cas whines like a petulant toddler, nearly stomping his foot to complete the effect. He is so not ready for this. He sucks in a deep breath that does nothing to quell the cresting swell of nerves roiling in his gut and hits the little green circle to answer. “Hello, Gabriel.”
Dean texts Charlie, who in turn texts Benny, when they’re finishing their meals and arranges for them to all meet up tomorrow. He can almost hear her squealing through her reply when he tells her that Cas is here but he’s had enough excitement for tonight.
He has three bottles of amber left, not including the one he just poured. If Dean doesn’t like the wine, he can drink those.
Dean is under no delusions that either his brother or the monk would thank him for his benevolence. He’s likely to find trouble for his decision when they return home and he must face their father, but he'll deal with that then. He only wishes he had something to soften the inevitable blow. Something with dark hair, blue eyes, and a gravel rough voice.
“I work for some very powerful people, they pay me well.” Mick tucks his wallet into his pocket and gestures to the car. “Shall we?”
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know if they’re male or female, Dean, but that doesn’t change the value of their life.”
Dean groans roughly as he cups Cas’ jaw and dives back in, their lips move steadily against one another and Cas feels himself floating with excitement. He holds Dean tightly, refusing to leave more than an inch between them and he whimpers for more.
us. From his god,” Sam says, and Dean looks up at his brother in surprise. “I told him what was happening and he was
“You think so?” Cas questions as he scrubs a hand over his face. His chest feels hollow after all the crying he’s done today but he can’t find it in himself to feel ashamed. He knew visiting the cemetery would be difficult, but discovering he has grandparents is far more than he had imagined would be possible.
“Damn right. It’s my birthday.” Cas kisses Dean’s chest and pushes himself up. “Let's go get breakfast.”
Inias is the last to agree and he does so with a crestfallen expression as he looks upon the easy way Cas stands with Dean. “I would follow you anywhere, Castiel,” Inias says as he flinches a smile and Cas wilts perceptibly.
He can hear them talking – asking him something maybe – but he’s not listening. All he can really hear is the pounding of his chest and the thought swirling around his head that this was truly the worst idea he’s ever had.
“No fucking kidding, Cas! I’m not here for that bullshit, okay? I’m here so you can tell me where I went wrong because I don’t have a fucking clue. I mean, was I just not good enough for you, Cas?"
But suddenly, someone is grabbing his legs and pulling them out from where they’re tucked against his chest. He tries to pull them back but another set of hands grabs onto him and then there is the full body weight of a man on one of his ankles. Castiel grimaces, trying to sit up when he’s pushed down hard into the stone, another prisoner grabbing his hands and holding them tight above his head. And then there are hands reaches blindly for his trousers and pulling at them. Castiel’s breath hitches as his heart pounds in his chest. He kicks his free leg up against the prisoner but it’s not enough to knock them away. He pulls desperately at his trapped leg as he thrashes on the floor, the mans’ hands unable to grasp ahold of his pants.
He pauses when he finds another entry from the thirtieth of the tenth, eleven years ago from now. Castiel swallows around the lump in his throat as his eyes fly over the passage.
When he finally lifts his head from the grass to look at the snow that has started falling, he notices the display in front of him. A multitude of servants and guards are setting up stalls and tents just inside the outer wall.
The tears are streaming down his face as soon as the door is shut. Castiel leans against it, biting his lip so as to not make any noise. His face crumples and his hands tremble. Slowly and quietly he sinks to the floor. No amount of pressing on bruises can tear his mind away from the ache in his chest.
Dawn. Castiel rises from his position on the floor and changes back into his only pair of clothes. He looks towards the set of double doors. He looks back towards the horizon.
Nyree is waiting, speaking to others that were sent out and Michael heads toward her to tell him of their own failure. From the look of everyone else, it seemed no one else found anything either.
“So, first,” Leda says, taking Castiel’s hand and pulling it towards her, “This hand goes here.” She places his hand on her waist, Castiel visibly attempting to stay as far away as possible. Leda laughs gently. “You don’t have to be shy. I’m a grown woman, you know.” She lightly tugs Castiel’s hand until it’s in the correct place on her lower back. The change pulls them closer together and Dean frowns, that jealousy surfacing again.
He shackles it around the man’s neck before staring at the other two prisoners. “Do you know who I am?” Castiel says, and his voice sounds rough and gravelly, his mouth still filled with blood. They both shake their heads. “I’m the crown prince’s personal guard.” Both of them tense before exchanging a quiet look. They don’t know whether to believe it or not for why would the crown prince’s personal guard be in the dungeons? But Castiel only has to clench his fists and the two prisoners are jumping to their feet and rushing over to each grab the other two men lying on the floor.
“Hello, Dean,” he responds, swiftly taking his own seat, palms sweaty where they rub against his jean clad thighs.
The man looks at him then with complete fear. “Never heard about anything strange being sighted,” he says, thought his hand slips where it’s wiping the glass. “And the best route is to stay down here.”
He starts to feel sick again, nausea washing over him in waves every time he thinks about it. The fear grips his heart and for the last three days, hasn’t let go. And every time he tells himself – screams at himself – to stop thinking about it, to wipe it from his mind – it’s there vividly in his memory closing in on him.
They find a table quick enough despite the crowd tonight. It’s not terribly packed – at least not enough that Dean’s friends can’t see them but enough for it not to be embarrassing how little they tried to hide in a booth in the corner.
But when Castiel showed him just this morning, as he stood so close and yet so far away, they were real.
He’s told that he must give them no more than four thousand silver coins to help their town get back to business and in one cycle of the moon, someone will be sent down to inspect and see if they’re actually putting it to good use. If there is no improvement, of course, they won’t be receiving any more help from the royals and the mayor will be punished – which is most likely the case since the mayor has never used any of the money they’ve given them to help the town.
He pauses a moment, watching as Castiel’s eyes fill with tears. He raises his hand, brushes the hair from his face.
That’s when Castiel speaks again. Says it wouldn’t have mattered because they still don’t know how he is to kill the demon. He looks at Michael when he says it and Michael finally looks back, something unspoken in their gaze but not violent.
Dean tenses, watching as two more guards carry in small, wooden trough filled with water. He’s not sure what is happening until it’s placed directly in front of him. He barely has time to take breath as hands grip the back of his head and he’s plunged face first into the trough.
It’s a book. He brushes the dust on the cover away to find that it has no title. He flicks to the first page to find it filled with written words.
“Yes?” Castiel says, and he can’t hide the uncertainty that laces his tone. However, Dean doesn’t seem to be bothered by it. He just chuckles and holds out his hand. Castiel’s eyes go wide and he promptly stares at Dean’s hand for the next five long seconds.
“I spent a long time thinking about when I’d have to leave you. And I know that’s selfish--” Castiel’s words cut off when Dean wraps his arms around him, one hand buried in the soft locks of his hair as he presses their bodies together.
“Yes. And everything was balanced. There was peace for a time. But then humans grew and evolved more than we could have imagined. And with them came cruelty and violence. A darkness that did not exist in the others we created. Leuric of course could not see it. Leuric ushered them in one after the other to paradise. But I could see it. The darkness within.”
“I thought I saw – one night I thought I saw wings in the dark but I – I don’t know.” Because there’s no such thing as an angel that can hide their wings. Everyone knows that.
On the ride back to the castle, he focuses on Sam’s head in front of him. Sam, the young prince, who’s smile is bright and eyes are wide. Sam. Not anyone else.
Now it’s Castiel’s time to be confused. He quickly jots down a ‘Why not?’ but before he can ask Dean, his door is being flung open and his older and extremely annoying brother is walking in.
The king raises his eyebrows. “Me? No, of course not. I didn’t accuse you of anything. It was my son after all who told us.” And there it is. That gleam in his eyes. He’s trying to use Dean against him. Because he knows he means something to him. And that can only mean that Dean told him everything. On the inside, Castiel’s heart splinters whilst rage bubbles beneath his skin. If he gets out of here and they come back for war, he will take Dean apart himself. He’ll make sure of it.
And perhaps, Dean needs Sam. If anyone told his little brother that, he’d pretend he’d never said it at all.
“I don’t know,” he says, voice barely above a whisper. Because he wouldn’t even know how he is supposed to kill it with the Three but without them…
“So, there is no hope left for you after all. They have corrupted you entirely. And with every breath you take you are further destroying the honour of our kingdom. Of me and of your brother – who I will be taking back from wherever you’ve taken him.” The king raises their sword once more but Dean frowns, not understanding why the demon won’t just tell him the truth. “I suppose that means it is time to end this. Once and for all.”
The man regards him with a smile before nodding. Joren had been waiting by the carriage in Kalapell – cutting him off at the end of another alleyway after he’d seen Castiel attack the guards at the opposite end of the one he was waiting beside. Castiel nods back politely.
But for some stupid fucking reason, he can’t shake the thoughts and questions building up inside of him and he can’t stop his mouth from opening when he speaks, “If you didn’t hear our conversation that day, would you have said yes to going out with me?”
Cheers and screams erupt once more, musicians taking up their instruments and bonfires being lit to begin the celebration.
Shut down. Not present anymore. Not mentally, not emotionally. Only physically. His mind far away, the only thing to focus on being the rough hands of the guards.
“What the fuck just happened?” Brady says, Seb appearing to be in a similar state – although Cillian is holding back a laugh.
“It’s fine, Dean.” Castiel finally meets his eyes. “Really.” Dean can see it in his eyes. It’s not fine. But he can tell it’s hurting him. He lets it drop.
"That's right. Hey, don't get mad at me. I'm giving you a free service here. C'mon, give it here." Castiel rolls his eyes but allows Dean to take his phone anyway.
"I was also there to search for clues of the whereabouts of the grace which no one has found in centuries. We know that the royals - the angels - had a map detailing its location but no one could find it after the invasion. Our only hope is that perhaps the king stole that as well and that it hadn't perished in the flames."
And who is he? A human turned angel? Barely. And if he didn’t know how to kill a demon, how is he to kill a god?
So, when Michael finally settles, his shoulders rising and falling with silent tears now he says, “You saved him.”
Castiel feels Dean tense beside him. "They had no proof but there was room for them to believe that I could have had the wings." Emery nods, mouth a thin line. "And I believe it is possible that..." Castiel bites his lip, eyes flicking to Sam. Emery follows his eye and appears to understand. "That he is the demon."
"So, remember: Lights are out at nine o'clock and no later. If we see that your lights aren't out by then we'll be coming over, okay?" Dean says, watching as the girls all nod. "And lights out means that there's no talking or sending some last few texts on your phone. If anyone has any problems or emergencies, you come knock on our doors, okay? Alright, goodnight girls."
Castiel’s eyes narrow, not sure he likes where this is going. “Yes, but the king and those most trusted with him would most likely have been suspicious of the escape. Especially since they knew of our relationship.”
He doesn’t know what he’s going to do. He doesn’t know how he’s supposed to even deal with this. The only thing he does know now is that he doesn’t want to scream. He just wants to be held and told that everything’s going to be alright. Except this time, he wants it to be true.
When Castiel wants to be alone, Dean busies himself with others. And there are plenty to busy himself with as the castle full of angels takes a few days to rest and restore before they move forward with their plan for the kingdom.
Some of the mirth in Castiel’s eyes fade. “Just me and my dad.” Dean’s warmth fades a little, knowing he’s probably right about the mum now.
And he lies there, his chest rising and falling gently with every breath. Castiel’s own breathing steadies and he finds his mind clear, his eyes slipping shut as he basks in this feeling.
Dean shrugs again. “Yeah. That’s why I always do casual sort of things.” Castiel huffs softly. So, he was right. “And I mean, you’re a pretty hot guy,” Castiel’s cheeks go red, “so I thought, hey, maybe we could mess around for a little while,” Castiel’s cheeks grow even redder, “and then of course go our separate ways but then you turned me down and that was kind of a bummer because again, you’re really hot.” Dean pauses, only to let out a small laugh at the way Castiel’s cheeks are now completely flushed before continuing.
Castiel sees Dean saying goodbye to his friends before approaching him at the place they decided to meet after the race.
Dean’s laugh is the most beautiful sound he’s ever heard. Castiel smiles, allowing them to come to a stop, holding them as though they are each on a string, dangling above the ground.
“It had been just over two years, then, since Michael secluded us from the rest. Since he began to train me. I remember feeling guilty that first day. Remember watching as the others had to start anew to rebuild a home for us whilst pushing their grief aside and carrying the grief of others. And I had been separated and told I was to be trained, whilst they tired themselves everyday with the weight of all our people.”
He waits until the doors close behind him, Castiel’s voice disappearing with it, and finally lifts his eyes in shame to meet his father’s own.
The half-moon helps the poor-quality lanterns light up the streets of Kalapell, the town buzzing with the sound of people going about their nights below. Men flood to the brothels and musicians take to the streets to reel in their pay as drunks stumble out of taverns, slurring profanities, their night already over before it even begun. Castiel watches one burly man, his hands still clenched as if wrapped around a glass, ungracefully collapse onto three bags of grain and subsequently knock over the wooden barrels holding – what Castiel can see written on the side – cheap wine imported from Donner’s Bay.
Castiel takes a deep breath and just as he's about to speak, he makes the mistake of looking up at the person who's sitting one row in front of him and to the left.
And he’s done it, for he feels it immediately – a fire igniting in his veins, from the tip of his toes to the very hairs on the back of his neck and the ring glows on his finger, the light pulsing ever brighter until it engulfs everything around him, vibrating his entire body before all at once the power drains into him, every pore shining with a light so bright, he has to close his eyes.
His father doesn't speak until they've made their way up the stairs into the entryway to the dungeon. A few generals are waiting there and his father finally lets out a frustrated breath. "Nothing. Nothing at all."
But someone did. And he knows if there’s any hope left in the world and Dean is brought back into his arms, he will not let him go again.
"I don't understand," is the first thing that fumbles its way out of his mouth. Because it's true. He doesn't.
Castiel, himself, pokes his head in occasionally, shuffling awkwardly and always looking as though he wants to reach out and do something. And all Dean wants to do is let him. But he doesn’t, only tells him he should keep his distance and a few times even pretends he’s asleep.
And Dean wants to fucking punch them. Wants to sock all three of them in their stupid faces. And everyone who fucking laughed at him.
“No, he’s still in a meeting. You’ve come a bit early so we have some time.” Dean waves a dismissive hand at Castiel and he finally lets Sam drag him towards the garden, the boy yelling at Leda’s siblings to follow.
After a long while the lady told him to follow her. She didn’t say to where they were going. And Dean didn’t ask. Because he knew. But even still, inside of him, he feels…
He knows it’s at this point that everything important to him is supposed to flash before his eyes. His parents. Kyra and Elaria. The purple sunset of his home. The mission. Even his brother, Michael, before the invasion took him away.
Dean huffs a quiet laugh at the memory. “I mean, you kissed me on the cheek and that was it, I was a fucking mess over it, you should’ve seen it.”
Castiel’s hand shoots out to grab the man’s own, bending the fingers backwards until he hears an audible pop. The prisoner screams, a guttural sound that reverberates off the walls and pulls his arm back through the gap as soon as Castiel lets go to hold his hand close to his chest. Two of the other prisoners in the cell stand and rush over to his side of the cell as the man swears and screams at Castiel. All three men trade back and forth about the injury, all the while cursing him. He picks up that the name of the man still wailing is Val but he doesn’t catch the other two.
Castiel shrugs. “To the angels it was not just a story. Just like our own religion. It is not just a story.”
He is fairly relieved when the lengthy meeting comes to an end and even more so when it’s time to head to lunch. He’s had enough of generals and the captain shooting him strange glances.
“You didn’t mean to make me upset?” Dean says, his laughter cutting off on a choked sob. “Then what the fuck did you mean by telling me those things?” Dean steps closer, Castiel instinctively stepping backwards. “I couldn’t fucking sleep after that – I couldn’t even fucking think without your words in my head. About my own
He stands, unmoving in the darkness. All around him is an impenetrable blackness. And yet, if he was to look down at his body – at his hands, he would see them clearly as though he is not really enveloped in darkness at all.
Dean stares at the book lying in front of him. He doesn’t even know what it’s about – he just picked it blindly off his shelf and placed it on his desk. He’s staring at the first page. But he can’t see the words. All he can see is Castiel’s scars.
He takes it all in in a second. And a second after he takes in Dean, sitting down against the wall beside the bed, his head in his hands before he looks up, rage in his eyes.
Castiel only then realises the tears streaming down his cheeks and his outstretched hand towards the soul that left them behind.
Reyne thinks it is time to step in and get what he needs quickly before the man doesn’t speak at all but Sam beats him to it.
They’re too far away for details but Dean can see through the alleyway the men shining in their chainmail standing on the other side of the square, a sturdy man at their centre, the light of the sun glinting off three silver bands on his right bicep. Dean’s heart tugs inside of him.
“Yeah, I did. Despite the circumstances.” Castiel’s laugh is small and quiet, eyes still flicking anywhere but Dean to avoid having to acknowledge the tension between them now that they’re at the end of their second date. “Did you?”
Castiel reaches for the bucket beside his tub that’s always filled with water. He crashes onto his knees in front of it and skids too close, knocking it forward. The water spills out. He stands to pick it up. A hand reaches inside of him, gripping his heart tightly.
The session has come to an end for the night and Dean doesn’t even wait a second after Castiel dismisses everyone before coming over and with a small smile, asks, “You feeling better today, sir? I mean, I just noticed that you’re a bit more yourself.”
For a moment, that hope rages in his chest as Dean stares. But then the prince’s eyes fill with fearful rage.
They share a fond look and Dean lets his eyes fall away. It’s not hard to understand what happened next.
“I don’t have a god,” Castiel says, repeating their own words back to them, teeth gritted as blood trickles from his ears and inside he screams. “I
“Don’t cry, little brother,” he says, and it’s only then Castiel realises the tears slipping silently down his face. “You freed me. You freed me, Castiel.”
Castiel sits two rows in front of him and to the left. Dean knows this because that’s where he sits every class.
At some other point, Castiel’s knees start to ache from the hard wood underneath them. But he can’t move into another position – his arms shackled too tightly to allow any upper body movement or allow him to sit comfortably cross legged on the floor.
They finally reach the royal castle, entering through the western entrance to avoid crowds – although there are plenty who have come to peek but none approach, too afraid of the scary stories they’ve been told about those that walk with wings on their backs.
They kiss, slow and languid until Dean’s leg moves and lines up in between his own. Heat pools in the bottom of his stomach, a rough exhale leaving his lips. Dean pulls back slightly, eyes glazed over with desire but the apprehension remains. Castiel nods and Dean steps back, taking his hand and dragging him into his chambers, Castiel closing the door behind him.
Castiel stares at him blankly and Dean grins, although it’s partially strained. And Castiel realises Dean’s trying to cheer him up. His throat constricts with sudden emotion before he pushes it down. “There. All better.” Castiel slowly cups his own hand in the water and raises it to trickle right down Dean’s face. A thank you for what Dean is trying to achieve.
“You look nice,” he says simply, and his eyes are filled with none of his usual teasing but sincerity and perhaps even…shyness. Castiel’s heart beats faster in his chest and he’s about to open his mouth when Victor wolf whistles.
He only sleeps because he’s too exhausted to stay conscious for any longer. And when he does wake, it’s well after dawn, and Castiel still hasn’t come for him.
His knees trembles as tears fill his vision. He stares down at his body, looking over every part of flesh, turning in the mirror to see his back, looking to his inner left arm, all the while a scream rises in his throat.
“I admit it’s been fun. I told Leuric before I killed them that I would give you a chance.” Patrus steps towards him, hanging in the air, boots just grazing the floor. “A chance to believe you could stand any chance at all.”
He thinks of the castle, of the front gate that surrounds it and throws them towards it. He hits something hard – something that throws him back onto the grass, hands slipping from Dean and Nyree.
“It’s not charity,” Dean sets his book aside and leans forward on the couch. “We talked about this… I just don’t want you to…”
“Good boy” Cas smiles and strokes light fingers over the sharp line of Dean’s jaw. “Now, sit here and wait while I get you a bottle”
With a hum, he kisses Cas’s brow and lets silence settle comfortably between them as his thoughts wander to the little piece of paper that Cas has been steadfastly ignoring since they woke up hours ago.
Dean leans forward and presses their lips together sweetly. The tender touch makes Cas’ shoulders sag and the urgency of the moment flees in favor of reveling in the minty taste still clinging to Dean’s lips. “Slow down, baby,” Dean murmurs as he rakes his nails gently over the sharp cut of Cas’ shoulder blades and down his spine as they scoot closer on their knees. “Are you sure you want this?”
There are so many ways that Dean could continue that sentence but no words feel adequate. Nothing can express the sheer level of overwhelmed that Dean feels right now.
Dean’s stomach lurches painfully and his eyes burn with righteous fury as he digs the tip of the sword against Alastair’s pale flesh.
Cas pulls back as Dean pushes to his feet and flees, leaving a trail of wilted weeds as he hurries from Cas’ backyard and into the safety of his house.
“My parents would never…” Alfie starts to say before thinking better of it and snapping his mouth shut.
He chokes back a sob and buries his head in his hands even as Balthazar pries him from his seat and sends Knude away.
Dean had found the courage in his heart to pick up his father’s sword despite being too small to wield the weapon. He stood as tall as he could and stepped around his father’s bloody corpse to challenge the towering Viking.
“Can we, Dean?” Cas turns to his boyfriend, noting the pinched smile gracing Dean’s features and his hopes immediately fall.
Castiel’s heart melts and his grace aches with Dean’s words. “I want you on your hands and knees. Facing the headboard” He directs, pointing Dean towards the one direction without a mirror. He wants Dean to be able to let go, not worry about the expressions he might make.
Dean blinks, lips parting as he stares. “Book announcement?” His head tilts adorably, stealing one of Cas’s signature moves. “You’re going to...?”
Cas straightens his shirt and forces himself to take a deep breath before he rings the doorbell with Dean right beside him.
“Screw’em. I don’t care what they think. Charlie says it's up to us how we want to handle our relationship,” Dean’s voice is confident and Cas can’t help but smile softly. “So what do you say? Come out to New York and stay with me, please?”
“Ah yes, the strapping, sunburned, bodyguard. So nice to see you again,” Gabriel tilts his chin respectfully but the undercurrent of a promise (threat) in his tone makes Cas want to climb into a hole and never come out.
He winces at the dull ache in his ass and gives thanks to his lucky stars that Dean has his back turned. He does not want Dean mother-henning him and feeling guilty because he thinks he was too rough.
He shakes his head and shoves the little box back into the bottom of his bag and starts dumping everything else on top of it.
“My dream last night, I…my mother was…” Cas trails off and shakes his head. “Portia. Portia was, we were teenagers and my father wasn’t home, she tried…” Cas stumbles and trips over his words but Dean doesn’t need him to finish.
“Not yet” Cas grunts, wrapping the fingers of one hand tightly around the base of Dean’s cock to help him hold back. “Look at me,” Cas says, not as a request.
Cas pulls himself from his memories and gives Dean an unimpressed look. When Lucius took them fishing, Dean was always the first one to grab for the fish. Not everything can remain the same, it seems.
Dean huffs and shakes his head. “Call me Dean,” he says, watching curiously as Cas’ cheeks flush slightly.
Cas pleads internally. For too long, sex has been a means of survival and not something enjoyable, but his hands ache to touch Dean and his ears demand to learn every pleasured sound he can coax from Dean. He needs this too much to back out now.
Dean smiles, satisfied exhaustion pulling at him already. He doesn’t bother fighting against his sleepiness, not when he’s safely wrapped in Castiel’s arms. Everything is as it should be.
“I have never desired him as I desire you,” Cas says as he presses a gentle kiss to Dean’s lips. “You are the one I want, Dean.” Cas breathes the words against Dean’s skin as he leaves a trail of feather-light kisses across Dean’s jaw. “Please don’t push me away.”
“Very good, Cas.” Dean’s eyes light with happiness and his smile is so pleased and genuine that Cas’ spirits soar with his simple praise.
“Dean?” Cas stirs, wiping the sleep from his eyes. “Want me to drive for a while?” He yawns and rolls his head on his shoulders before turning his sleepy gaze on Dean.
In a fit of frustration, Dean pushes his chair back, the wooden legs screeching as they drag across the floor as he pushes to his feet. He hurriedly tucks his sword away, intent on returning to it later, and bids Cas a sharp farewell.
“Dean, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me,” Cas says, the praise rolling off his tongue easily as Dean takes a long sip of his Spritz.
Cas runs his fingers through Dean’s hair and nods. “Very well. Where and when?” Cas asks as he extends his hand to James. Dean doesn’t miss the iron and silver blended band on Cas’ finger, knowing instinctively that this is as much a test as a gentleman’s agreement.
Cas slowly inches in until fully seated and Dean presses back against him. They both let out a satisfied groan when Cas bottoms out, circling his hips slightly as he waits for Dean to adjust.
Dean huffs and glares so hard that the server takes one look at the table and backs away instead of asking if they’re ready to order.
Dean blows out the flickering lamps in the room while Cas quietly resists succumbing to his doubts. Eventually, Dean climbs under the covers and encourages Cas to roll onto his side away from him.
“Isn’t that a way to see how deep a lake or something is?” Dean replies through his uncovered mouthful of food. The little twitch in the back of his mind begs for Castiel’s question to be so innocent. He would never be so lucky, Castiel’s small huff and frown remind him of that almost immediately.
Dean had searched his memory for the right words, swallowing hard before he whispered with hesitation brewing in his stomach. “Gratitude,” Dean mumbled as he reached for the offering, certain he had chosen the wrong word.
Dean’s chest twinges and a lump forms in his throat. “Cas, please, look at me.” Dean wraps his hands around Cas’ and squeezes. “You deserve to know your family.” Dean shakes his head as he stares deeply into Cas’ eyes. “I love you, so much. Sam loves you, my parents… we all love you. No one would be upset with you for wanting to get to know the only family you have left.”
“Marv did this?” Cas nearly growls and Sam takes a step backward as tiny purple flowers begin to grow under Cas’ feet.
“Let's go back to your room” Cas smiles down at Dean and the offered space before reaching a hand for his hunter.
His fingers tear at Dean’s belt and his jeans end up quickly shoved to his knees before Cas unzips his slacks and fishes out his thick alpha cock.
was enough to make me take a chance, but someone to come home to at the end of the day sounds perfect.”
“Cat got your tongue, Dean-o?” Gabriel asks and Cas can only imagine the look he’s giving Dean from the hardened steel in his tone. “You got a problem with your little Angel working in the sex industry?”
Dean sniffles. He hadn’t even realized his eyes were tearing up again until he blinks and a tear slides lazily down his cheek.
That chin, those lips. Cas shakes his head as he swallows hard. “He,” he starts but his voice is a mere croak. Clearing his throat, he tries again. “He isn’t supposed to be here yet.”
Dean may be a lot of things, but Castiel cannot find it in himself to continue believing the man to be cruel.
Cas grins, remembering just how much he loves the banter between Charlie and Dean. They remind him of what he always imagined a normal sibling relationship would be.
He turns toward his closet and digs to the back for the wide black leather belt he knows is hiding there somewhere.
“The woman on the phone said that newcomers are welcome, they only ask that we be respectful” Castiel finally meets Dean’s eyes.
Cas pulls back and looks into Dean’s eyes, the bright green nearly eclipsed by his widened pupils. “Come for me, Dean, I wanna see,” he whispers between kisses as he works his way down Dean’s body.
By the time the sun begins to sink in the sky, the half barrel is watertight and set up in Dean’s room next to the fire. Cas hurries to bring water and warm it before filling the large basin enough to submerge a person.
As if he could even consider leaving her alone right now, after what that bastard tried to do. He should have listened to his gut, shouldn’t have left her to begin with after the way that asshole had leered at her.
“You’re the one who keeps saying you’re not dating. Sounds like he’s fair game to me,” Meg teases with a glint in her eyes that spells trouble. “Invite him up, pretty please.” She clasps her hands and bats her lashes at him. “I’ll be good, I promise.”
. Showing him pictures in the car is one thing, but Dean is certain he’s going to have a permanent flush to his cheeks if Cas doesn’t cut it the hell out right now.
“You weren’t supposed to be here until tomorrow.” Cas flinches a smile, finally remembering why he was so panicked to see Gabriel in the first place. Perhaps this surprise is for the best.
Dean lets him, but Cas’s absence strikes him soul-deep and he fights to keep from leaning in again. “So, when do we do this?” Dean feigns a laugh and wipes his eyes as he reaches for his phone.
“Hmmm, that’s kinda the point” Dean’s voice is full of careless bravado, as if Castiel is nothing more than a piece of meat for him to play with. “You are mine, Castiel” He growls and crowds Cas into the cold wall at his back.
Dean rolls over and props himself up on an elbow with a grimace. “Hey,” He says softly as he nudges Cas’ shoulder. “Was that okay?” Dean chews his lip and Cas hates the uncertainty clouding Dean’s post-orgasmic bliss.
Fingertips dig bruisingly into his hips and Dean cries out with each thrust that barely grazes his prostate. “Cas,” Dean says brokenly, insides humming at the rough treatment and his cock aches but the pressure growing in his balls has nowhere to go with that tight band holding him back. “Please, Cas, I gotta…I gotta come,” Dean begs, or at least tries but he’s met with a disappointed hum.
Cas’ mind goes blank and time ceases to exist, his world reduced down to the feeling of Dean massaging him from the inside out. Pressure builds low in his stomach, sharp and insistent and he keens when Dean shifts so that his thick cock presses against his prostate with each pass. Electricity skitters up his spine, pebbling his flesh and punching blissful moans from his lungs as he loses himself to Dean’s touch.
“It’s alright, dear. I’m just so glad you’re here,” she says as she takes his hand in one of hers and Dean’s with the other. “And you too, Dean.”
His fingers dig into Dean’s shirt as Dean all but scoops him off his feet and carries him to the living room. He can’t be bothered by something as trifling as walking. Not when his best friend is laying in her bed with strange men working over her.
Cas scoots closer, mindful of his boots on Baby’s paint until their legs are pressed together and his chest is against Dean’s shoulder. “You don’t have to do this alone, Dean,” Cas says quietly as he thumbs through Dean’s phone until he finds his voicemails.
Cas straddles Dean’s hips and leans forward to claim Dean’s mouth in a heated kiss, effectively obliterating the last of Dean’s coherent thoughts. His world reduces to the firm yet comfortable pressure around his wrists, the mouth pillaging his own and the warm weight settled over his hips, trapping his cock against his belly. Dean doesn’t even care that his cock is straining and begging for attention. All that matters is the man on top of him, surrounding him with everything Dean had never known was missing from his life.
That’s the funny thing about darkness, you wish for just enough light to see, but when you get it, you can see even less than before.
First, I want to say THANK YOU to everyone who has stuck with this little AU. Your kind words have brought me to tears at times and made my heart swell with happiness. You've encouraged me to keep going and dig deeper, so thank you. A million times over.
Cas feels tears prick in the corners of his eyes and he sniffs them back as Dean resumes tracing patterns on Cas’ skin.
Cas sucks in a sharp breath and swallows hard as he stares up at his brother. “He’ll have anticipated Dean’s plan and warned Asmodeus.” Cas knows his brother and the man’s scheming all too well. Metatron is clever and devious. A master manipulator.
“Hey, Cas, uh, I was just wondering…” John starts to say but he trails off, glancing between Dean and Castiel like he’s about to ask something dire of him.
“Well, would you rather be warned to stay away or risk seeing something?” Dean crosses his arms over his chest and glares, not at all taking kindly to Sam’s reaction.
Cas clears his throat. “Mr. Winchester. I cannot complete my exam if you push me away” He forces a frown but Dean can see the laughing twinkle in his deep blues eyes.
Street,” Dean stage whispers with a hand to his mouth to direct the sound. “And they have lots of tequila.”
Cas hums at the gentle touch and his body tingles with the aftereffects of the most potent climax of his life. His breath remains shaky and hitches completely when Dean untangles their fingers and brings a come coated digit to his lips.
“Doesn’t change how true it is. I’d rather face the devil himself,” Dean says as he shrugs into his leather jacket despite the warm air outside.
Dean wants to protest the loss of contact, but Cas turns to leave before he has a chance to form the words. “Shit!” He hisses, cursing the faint scent of burnt beef as his attention is pulled back to the task in front of him. “shit shit shit” He mutters as he quickly rescues the slightly charred disks of ground meat from their blackened fate.
Dean hesitates and for a moment, Cas thinks he’s going to kiss him again but he refrains. Instead, Dean turns away to join Sam and Benny. Undoubtedly to plan their next moves.
Almost as if summoned by the fates, Dean glances up to see Cas walking toward him. He ducks his chin and Benny claps him on the shoulder in solidarity.
Saturday dawns all too quickly and once again, Cas wakes tangled in Dean’s arms. They had been up late helping Mary bake pies for today and Dean makes his exhaustion known through the loud snores ripping from his throat.
Dean’s heart patters recklessly as he nods and sits up straighter. A little voice in the back of his mind still badgers him to give up, but the tight coil forming in his gut and the bright swell building behind his ribs demands he try one more time.
Dean glances at Cas and notices his hands are now free as he steps close behind Azazel with his dagger clutched tightly in his hand. The look of determination etched across Cas’ features has Dean’s stomach lurching.
Their lips move together, a rough glide that causes Cas’ breath to hitch but he refuses to full back. Not when this feels so right. Dean relaxes into Cas’ touch bit by bit until he finally lets his hands settle on Cas’ hips.
“Cas, eat.” Dean tosses yet another hunk of dry and salty fish into Castiel’s lap. They seem to be locked in an endless cycle of disagreement. Cas refuses Dean’s thrice daily offer of a place on the bench, and Dean withholds the smoked hunks of venison that Cas
Dean nods absently, resolutely not thinking about his failed attempt to call Sam or the message he couldn’t bring himself to listen to. “Good. Went grocery shopping, had lunch. That’s about it.”
Cas silences him with a finger over his lips and Dean’s eyes go wide as Cas leans closer to whisper in Dean’s ear. “I know you can, but if that kid behind the counter recognizes the name on your card like Sarah did…”
By the time they reach the couch, heavy sobs pour from his chest and he buries his nose against Dean’s shirt as his tears soak the thin material.
Another shiver passes through him at the thought and his steps quicken until he’s shoulder to shoulder with Mick. He pulls in a steadying breath through his nose and smothers his nerves as he looks to the side with a sultry smirk that has Mick stopping in his tracks.
Cas nods and stretches his arms over his head as he pushes to his feet. He’s exhausted mentally, but not quite ready for sleep. His stomach squirms with the need to tell Dean everything about his childhood but he doesn’t know where to start.
Cas wakes to find himself pinned. Not like a wrestling pin, no. More like one might be immobilized by a giant squid. One that just so happens to be perfectly Dean sized and is drooling into the crook of his neck.
“Alright. Don’t over mix them,” she says as a reminder before turning toward where Cas is leaning against the counter, staring down at the photo in his hands.
“Yes, we are bringing your brothers back as slaves. You too. We had no choice and I’m sorry for that. I hate it. I hate it so much. But Dean has decided that you will be his, and you are damn lucky for that,” Sam snarls as he leans closer to Castiel.
Dean waits, fully seated for moment as he catches his breath. His eyes slide closed and he buries his nose in the column of Castiel’s throat, letting his hammering heart slow before continuing. Using his free hand, he urges Cas’ other leg up to wrap around his waist so he can take some of the Angel’s weight. Just because he’ll heal once he’s out of this room without the Enochian cuffs, doesn’t mean Dean wants him hurting right now. Warmth bubbles in his chest at the way Cas shivers against him, moaning his name and thrusting his hips towards Dean in tiny circles.
Cas furrows his brow and reads the message again before closing the app and opening the internet browser to look up Dean’s concert schedule. The Impalas are playing a venue less than an hour away tomorrow night. Huh.
“Dean!” Cas tugs the robe closed and ignores the way the soft cotton feels like sandpaper over his scorched shoulders. “You will not.”
Dean pulls away from Cas, sitting up straight and pretending everything is perfectly fine. Because it is. No matter that Cas is now starting at him with wide eyes and slightly parted lips.
She isn’t expecting him to resist and she stumbles back with a bitten off snarl but the dangerous gleam in her blue eyes only grows stronger.
“Alright, folks. Shuttup for a minute!” Dean yells onto his microphone with a wide grin. He gives the crowd a playful grin. They slowly quiet and look expectantly as the band takes their places.
The corners of Dean’s mouth curl slightly as something unnamable unclenches in his chest and he nods.
“Why not?” Dean pauses to add a little more gel to his hands. “He should have reminded you to put sunscreen on. Not let you fall
“I’ve never been more glad to see you.” Balthazar releases his hair to rub his eyes. “Please tell me that you’re here to rescue me from this torment.”
“She doesn’t know I planned to try to find you, but Cassie, you should see her. She even bought one of those magazines because it had your picture in it!” Michael says, throwing his hands in the air. “She’s got the damn thing hidden under the silverware tray so father won’t see.”
Cas sits up and crooks said fingers with a devious grin. Dean’s hips jerk off the mattress as he shouts in surprise, clenching and unclenching his hands around the soft rope. “Fuck, Cas!” Dean bites, clenching his eyes tightly closed. “Warn a guy first” He mutters, feeling heated embarrassment creeping into his cheeks at the way he all but squealed when Cas pressed against his prostate.
Nora scoffs and waves a dismissive hand. “I was already planning on letting him out an hour ago, but he wanted to learn the register. Most trainees only work two-hour shifts for the first week.”
Dean smiles. “Let’s go then” He shrugs as if venturing into this unknown world is not a big deal at all. Inside, he’s trembling with nerves and excitement, but he doesn’t quite want it to show.
Cas quickly baits his hook and by the time he settles in next to Rufus, Dean has returned and wraps an arm around his waist and leans in close. Together they watch the sun’s reflection sparkle and glint along the surface of the gentle waves as the car drive by on the bridge leading to Port Charlotte.
Later, when Cas was elsewhere and he expressed his concerns, Gabriel had swatted him upside the head and scowled while Sam assured him that Cas does care about him, but Dean finds himself in a constant state of doubt.
Cas is almost sure he manages a strangled squeak that he will deny until his dying day and his hand flies up to cover his mouth. His entire body trembles as his stomach does somersaults.
He’s distantly aware of James stepping out of the room and returning with a soft blanket that gets draped over Dean’s shoulders.
Dean grins. Just like that, they’re back. He’s sure they’re going to need to talk, Sam will insist on it, but they’re together and that’s what matters. “Let’s go inside.”
Cas’s eyes slide closed and he sighs before scrubbing his hands over his face. “Fuck. I’m sorry.”  He shakes his head and meets Dean’s gaze with wide eyes. “I don’t know what I’m doing.” He swallows hard and shakes his head again before turning pleading blue eyes on Dean.
Dean chews on his lip for a moment, finally realizing what Castiel might be after. “Yes, Sir” Dean mutters, cheeks heating. He had called Cas that as a joke, but if that’s what Castiel wants; Dean will give it to him.
“Babe, come on.” The bed dips next to him and Dean’s fingers toy with the bare skin of his knee where the robe has fallen open. “How bad can he really be?”
Dean’s breath catches when Cas steps close, still studying the sword without sparing Dean a glance. Rarely does Cas bless him with this kind of proximity so easily and Dean intends to appreciate the moment.
Cas hands over the cone with raised brows and immediately reaches for extra napkins. “You’re insufferable,” he says while fondly shaking his head and taking a kitten lick of his pumpkiny goodness.
The driver's side door opens and Dean slips in, immediately dragging Cas into his arms and cooing soothing sounds as he holds him tight. “It’s alright, babe, let it out.” Dean’s hands rub up and down Cas’ spine as he cries into Dean’s chest.
Cas’ tongue probes between his toes before taking the largest into his mouth a sucking. His hot tongue swirls around Dean’s toe and Dean nearly sobs with the pleasure of it all. Sparks shoot like lightening up his spine, making his fingers tingle as they tangle in his sheet and his hips arch off the bed. Cas redoubles his efforts, sucking and nipping at Dean’s toes as his fingers swipe broad strokes over Dean’s arches, targeting each and every spot that had Dean keening with pleasure in the beginning.
Castiel wakes to Dean’s indignant shout and a thump followed by a very feminine giggle that disappears with the slamming of a rickety sliding door. He peels one eye open just in time to see Dean flop on his back next to him and scrub the sleep from his eyes.
The man grunts and turns back to Missy, tapping his fingertips on the counter as she plasters on a patented customer service smile that would be enough to chill any man’s blood if they had any sense. “Of course,” she says woodenly and reaches for the pot on the back warmer and fills his cup.
In turn, Andrew and Rachel explain how Naomi took Cas and disappeared and how neither of them could afford to hire an investigator to find them. Not with Jimmy’s medical bills and their meager salaries.
“It ain’t like that,” Lee protests, shaking his head even as concern clouds his gaze. “Anyone with eyes can’t see we’re just having fun.”
“Okay, okay.” Dean nods and takes a step forward with a deep breath. If the police where involved, everything must be okay. “I know,” Dean whispers as he gathers Cas in his arms, bloody clothes be damned. “Let's get cleaned up.”
, healthy with your entire life ahead of you, refuse to accept a good thing when it’s right in front of you!”
“Good to see you, man,” Sam pulls back with a wide smile. “Castiel. Nice to finally meet you in person,” Sam says as he turns toward Cas with an extended hand that Cas immediately takes.
“Cas,” Dean says softly and wraps his strong arms around Cas’ shoulders and pulls him ever closer. He encourages Cas to lean against his strong chest and Cas finds his nose buried in the crook of Dean’s neck.
He watches as she approaches the SUV and slips inside. When his brain finally catches up with what she said, he turns toward the barista and places his second order of the morning and hopes that Charlie wasn’t wrong.
Excited whispers soon start around them and the crowd begins to shuffle apart, making room for Cas to approach the man he’s come to love so much in so short a time. Their gazes lock and Dean smiles around the lyrics of the song as he continues to play.
Sam lets out a deep breath. “It’s getting late. Wanna grab something to eat?” Sam offers, clearly changing his mind about pointing out just how annoying Dean is being with his fidgeting.
His answer comes only in the forms of breathy snores and he lets out as a deep sigh as he forces his eyes closed.
Cas falls to his knees, the rough concrete bruising but not damaging and the man shoves his head down, forcing his bare ass into the air. Cas pleads and begs, tears welling in his eyes as this starts to feel too real. He hears the rip of a condom wrapper before blunt pressure presses at his opening and the grip around the back of his neck tightens.
The man nods and takes a few respectful steps back before turning as requested while Cas tucks his payment away behind the loose brick in the building wall that no one would notice unless they already knew where it was.
Dean’s soft linen shirt fits his shoulders and chest loosely, highlighting the difference between their bodies, but Cas finds the extra fabric to be comforting.
Cas pauses briefly and Dean grumbles his displeasure. “Don’t worry, Sam, I would be happy to give you a massage when I am done with Dean.”
His head drops, preparing himself for more but the next hit doesn’t come. Instead, Cas traces light fingers down the length of Dean’s spine before tangling his fingers in Dean’s hair and wrenches his head upward.
The tension low in Dean’s gut coils tight but not enough to push him over the edge as Castiel’s shallow thrusts stutter. The fingers in his hair clench tighter and Cas shudders. “Dean, can….can I come on you?” He begs, voice so cracked and broken that Dean barely recognizes those dulcet tones.
The warriors go still and glance to one another and then to Dean nervously as they wait for their leader to put forth the direction. Dean takes a deep breath and nods. “You heard my brother, move!” He says clear and boldly in a tone that allows for no doubt or argument.
Cas reaches a hand in front of Dean and grasps the man’s straining erection. He pumps him a few times, savoring the needy moans pulled from the other man’s throat as his head drops forward on his shoulders. His thumb swipes across Dean’s slit, gathering a drop of precome to serve as a minuscule amount of lubrication. “Turn around and kneel” Cas punctuates his words with firm strokes and Dean whimpers when he withdraws his hand.
“I don’t think he’ll be weird about this, but I dunno.” Dean does not want to tell Cas how Benny held him after that horrible nightmare of the eruption.
If he could have anything in the world, all he would ask for right now is to find a nice comfortable bedroom and snuggle up with Cas until they both can feel the ground under their feet again.
Dean groans wantonly when Cas’ fingers circle Dean’s hardening cock and stroke lightly. “Please, Cas,” Dean whimpers and drops his head back when Cas groans.
“I missed you,” he manages to murmur against the collar of Gabe’s jacket when he ducks his chin and clenches his fingers in the soft leather.
“He doesn’t need to know,” Cas says as he picks up his phone to read Dean’s newest message. “He wants to meet for dinner.” His smile falls and he looks to Meg with wide eyes. “What am I going to tell him?”
Dean can’t stop the way his eyes widen in nervous fear as Cas holds out the phone but the hopeful expression on Cas’ face spurs his hand forward.
The red and blue flashing lights cast eerie shadows on the familiar brick walls as he makes his way to the waiting ambulance and the paramedic gestures for him to climb into the back without a word.
All he can do is stare, through his blurred eyes, tears still falling. His eyes flit across every inch of Dean’s face, mapping every piece of him and he doesn’t want to think about the last time he saw those green eyes, dull and lifeless, doesn’t want to think about how quickly he lost that beautiful tan skin, the paleness of death consuming him.
“Is there anything else you need?” he asks quietly. Dean gazes at him for a moment before shaking his head. Castiel’s eyes flick away, disappointed. He rubs a hand over the back of his neck before nodding and turning.
As he flicks through pages and pages of books, he finds none of which that even mention the angel’s religion. Only their own made up story of the fall and the hundreds of years that came after.
Cold dread settles into the centre of his chest as Dean remains quiet. He does not dare to look up as his eyes prick and he thinks,
Not only is Dean four years older and likely draw a lot of attention, but he also is the one person that Castiel has been crushing on since he first met the attractive man.
Sam stands a little behind her, concern in his eyes. Gods. Dean hadn’t even wondered if Sam and his mother had witnessed what Castiel had said too.
"I'm sorry for everything," he breathes against Dean's lips when he pulls away. "For bringing you into this. For destroying your life."
Nyree shrugs, dark bags under her eyes. “If he does come along, it could also help with the captives. He might know them personally.”
“What do you want me to say?” he says, his voice choked with emotion. “That since I can remember my own mum was telling me what a waste of space I was until my dad finally got a divorce and moved us away from her?”
Nyree’s eyes soften then and she pushes herself to her feet. She holds her head high and Castiel can see the crown that once sat there. Her black wings are spread wide and powerful. Castiel remembers thinking his wings were ugly as a child, no one else in the family having black wings of their own. When Elaria and Kyra tumbled into his room that fateful day, he realised there was nothing ugly about him at all.
“I do. It’s one of the first religions my mother and father studied seeming as they only lived just over the border.” Castiel looks up and leans slightly over, his shoulders nudging against Dean’s. He points towards the night sky and after a little bit of guiding and explaining, Dean starts to see the shape of an arm reaching down to grab another – as if pulling it up.
But it still stands. For he wouldn’t have tried to abandon his people, would never have those moments, if it weren’t for the suffering. If it weren’t for Michael and the backs of his people turned on him.
“Charge!” Reyne cries, and then they fly past into the battle. Nyree, Emery, Catharlo, and a handful more, wings spread wide.
Charlie bandages him up, offering Castiel a loose shirt of William’s to pull over, before cutting a small piece of fabric from around the wound in his legs so that she can inspect it. Thankfully, neither are infected. And it’s with great relief that he heals them over when together Dean and Castiel figure out that the guard responsible for inflicting the wounds was one of those Dean killed. It’s unlikely the man would have told anyone else of what he’d done and no one had been in to see Castiel since that particular torture. Except for of course the other guard who was torturing him. The other guard that Dean killed.
"Have you got all your things, Sam?" Sam nods, holding onto the straps of the small bag he has slung over his shoulder.
“What? I’m supposed to believe that you were sick and dying and some magical spell not only saved you but gave you this power and no one else used it for themselves?”
The 'date' is a little awkward at first. But as soon as they finish ordering their food, Dean seems to have a list of questions to ask, Castiel asking the same back. He finds out Dean's doing a physiotherapy course at university, to which Castiel responds, "Apparently physio is really hard. You must be pretty smart to be doing that."
And Castiel can’t say anything back but Nyree doesn’t need him to for she lets his hand slip from hers and turns before any more words can be said.
Because they’ve been on a date and Castiel kissed him on the cheek and they almost kissed on the lips and Castiel really,
“Wait,” Castiel says, causing Patrus to stop in their steps. “Tell me the truth. Tell me what really happened.”
Dean watches, not really knowing what to think. Suddenly, Castiel’s eyes are open and on him – as if he’s sensed him watching. Dean quickly flicks his own away, clearing his throat and rubbing the back of his neck with his hand.
"Dear Dean," he starts and pointedly does not look up, "I've decided that since graduation isn't too far away that I might as well take this last chance, rather than live knowing that I missed it."
Dean opens his mouth to continue but cuts off, eyes falling. A sudden sense of calm pours over Castiel and he reaches out, brushes his thumb against Dean’s cheek before lifting his eyes back to his.
There’s not too many people out but Castiel’s sure there will be soon. Dean walks up just ahead of him with four guards surrounding him. Somehow, not many people seem to notice, hurrying about their evening to either get inside before night draws over or to get back to prepare for a night out.
Castiel nodded, and then picked up the rope, winding it around his hands. It was white and silken soft.
Castiel knelt at Dean’s feet. He looked up, meeting Dean’s gaze. Dean looked at him adoringly, his eyes heavy with arousal and also affection.
Dean quickly walked over to the other post and gave it a cursory once over before turning back towards Castiel. He was feeling more than eager at this point.
“Don’t make me get out the ball gag,” Cas admonished. Dean smirked and shut his mouth, looking down his body affectionately at his dorky little angel. His dirty talk could use a little work, but Dean knew he could perform miracles with that tongue, so he let him continue.
Dean smiled at his angel lovingly, leaning in to kiss him deeply and sweetly on the mouth. “Thank you, Castiel,” he said finally. “That was fucking amazing.”
“What is that? Frankincense? Myrrh?” he asked, sniffing at Cas’ skin. Dean smiled, his eyes glowing with laughter and affection. Cas could tell that Dean was back, on the other side of that velvety, floaty space that felt so good to him.
Dean laughed at that and pulled Cas back down to his chest affectionately, kissing the top of his head.
Cas sat up and looked at Dean, tilting his head. Thinking. Then his face cleared. “Oh, you mean that stuff about the rapture? The reading from Thessalonians?”
“No. I’m ok to keep going,” Dean said, and his voice was strong and sure. Cas looked into his eyes, searching for truth, and then nodded his head, satisfied.
Dean snuck one more lick like a little kid with a sucker, and then shifted finally, leaning back to look in Cas’ face.
Cas leaned down over Dean’s body, meeting him at eye level. “Oh you’re going to feel like you’ve left your body, Dean. I promise you that.”
Castiel turned back to the bed, dropping a length of rope and a bottle of lube down on the bed. Dean’s jaw dropped.
“I know you, Dean. I know you get lost in your own head. You question yourself and you question your worthiness and you question if this is ok, and you miss out on the joy that is just the experience of having a human body. The experience of sharing your body with someone who loves you. With someone who desires you.”
“No,” Cas said abruptly, stepping away. Dean felt the cold air against the newly exposed skin at his collar bone, no longer protected by the warmth generated between them. He frowned. No, he pouted.
Castiel unbuckled his leather belt, and pulled it through the loops of his dress pants. Dean flinched a bit at the sound of the leather whipping through the cloth. He held on tight.
Dean huffs out a quiet laugh and kneels down next to Cas, gently wiping his face and mouth with the washcloth. Cas tries to wave him away.
“Wait just a minute. You, Castiel, my boyfriend, are telling me that you actually SLEPT with the son of God????”
“Being human is sometimes gross, like puking your guts out,” Dean says. “But it’s also holding someone’s hair while they puke, which is mostly what girls do, or checking on each other to see if they need anything. Like a washcloth. We’ve all been here, Cas. Being human is dirty work.”
“Ok, angel. Feed me and take me home. But I might not be able to keep my hands to myself all the way there.”
“Mmmmm?” Dean mumbled, lilting it up at the end into a question. An invitation. “Shall we take this to the back seat?”
“You trying to get me out of my pants, Dean Winchester?” Cas jokes, smiling but not opening his eyes.
Castiel stood next to him, clear of the flow of people, and rubbed the back of Dean’s neck while Dean concentrated on catching his breath.
Cas is sitting up, leaning against the cold porcelain of the toilet bowl. He tries to smile when he sees Dean, but can’t quite make it this time.
“Oh look,” Cas said, a note of affection in his voice. “It’s Jesus and his parents. His earthly parents, at least. Oh and I see they have a few angels there as well. I wasn’t there at his birth, sadly. But I met him later. Nice man.”
Dean knew that Cas already had a plan. He just needed to wait for Cas to decide to reveal it. He could do that. His heart was hammering a mile a minute in his chest. Soft, flirty Cas, followed by serious declaration of love Cas, followed by dark and dirty, or not dirty but kinky he corrected himself, Cas? Fuck yes. He was 100% on board with wherever this was going.
Cas looked up at Dean, his eyes shining. Dean could no longer keep his eyes open. He was wrecked. He held on as if for dear life, body heaving and heart thumping like a freight train. His arms shook. His legs shook. His body was on fire. He felt purified, clear and clean.
“Alright, I’ll be right back. You get some rest.” And without really thinking, Dean leans over and softly kisses Cas on the forehead.  He starts to hear that stupid fratboy voice in his head say “No homo, man”, but tells it to shut the fuck up. He’s human, and it’s a human thing to do.
Cas grinned, his facade again cracking a bit. He also knew that Dean would probably let him do it, if he asked.
“No, but….” Dean mumbled, his arms continuing to lower. Cas knew that Dean was THINKING. He was dropping out of that space he craved so much, so that he could argue with Castiel about his worthiness. Cas wasn’t having it.
Cas stood back and took in the sight of Dean’s body slowly, looking him up and down. Dean was still, letting him look as long as he wanted. His breathing was still slowing from the whipping. He was beginning to feel calm, to feel floaty. The warmth of the blood on his back felt comforting. His shoulders were tired, but not overly so. The ache felt good. He felt high.
“Well I don’t pretend to know everything, but I know probably not from a couple of dudes getting down and dirty in a barn.”
Dean inhaled, and exhaled slowly. He thought for a moment, Cas letting him, and then he squared his shoulders again. “Yes, Cas. I need help.”
Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and began walking backwards, pulling him along. “It IS a magical night, Dean. Come on!”  He turned, still clasping Dean’s hand behind him, and started walking in the direction of the barn. Dean tripped along behind him reluctantly.
Dean gasped at the turn in words, and Castiel took the opportunity to drag the thumb at Dean’s chin into Dean’s open mouth. Dean instinctively closed his lips over Castiel’s skin and suckled softly. Cas’ eyes lit up into an electric blue, not the blue of angel grace, but just this side of it. Dean moaned.
Cas’ breath catches and his stomach clenches at Dean’s predatory look. He feels panic gripping him as he suddenly realizes what Dean wants with him and the thought of anyone touching him that way fills him with terror. He can’t. He won’t.
“No, Dean. I cannot imagine thinking of my Father in such a way, or you being my ‘daddy’” Cas shakes his head, looking for all intents and purposes, confused. He wrinkles his nose when he considers the idea further. “I do not think corsets would work for us either. Unless you’d like me to wear one? I know you enjoy the female form”
A sharp punch of his hips draws a gasp from Dean that morphs into a drawn-out whine when Cas angles his hips just so and hikes Dean’s ass higher. “Like this?” Cas pants, quickening his thrusts.
Cas shushes him and pulls his hand back. “Let me take care of you,” Cas whispers, already nudging Dean to walk backward toward the bed.
“Yes” Dean swallows hard. “Please” He glances up to meet her eyes, but without the playfulness of before. Castiel watches with satisfaction at the small smile curling on her lips when Dean shrugs and cocks his head towards Castiel in a look that silently conveys
“Yeah. Sure, Dean. I’m sorry for overreacting. Get some rest, you look like you need it” Sam’s tone is soft and contrite, if not still confused. He turns and nearly runs away, surely putting the puzzle pieces together of what his brother and best friend were up to.
“Shhh, Cas ok. Promise. I won’t hurt you,” Dean says softly, barely more than a whisper in Castiel’s ear as he takes shuddering breaths.
He turns his head just enough to glimpse the sword at Dean’s side and Cas imagines he can see the graceful etching in the blade from where he sits. He can scarcely believe what he knows he saw, but he would recognize those markings anywhere.
Dean nods with a frown. Sam is right. He does need to sleep. The faint chill in the air becomes apparent when Dean pushes to his feet to collect his bedroll and decides to drape his best fur over Castiel’s shoulders when he sees the man shiver.
Dean had a bruise on his arm for a week from Charlie’s wrath at not being allowed to plan something spectacular like he had promised her.
Cas slips his hands under Dean’s shirt, gliding his fingers over the hunter’s smooth skin and Dean gasps when his touch settles over the firm nubs of his nipples to pinch. Cas hums and leaves a trail of wet kisses across Dean’s jaw as his fingers pinch and roll Dean’s nipples.
“I live in the research block, just down the street. I don’t need more than ten minutes,” Cas says with a nervous nod.
“Mmmm, my lord,” Another voice says in response and Cas bites down on his clenched fist to keep himself from whimpering. He’s going to throw up, he’s certain of it. His stomach riots and twists, demanding he run far and fast from the two people whispering in the darkness.
Garth rolls his whole head in addition to his eyes. “No one’s saying you’ve been lonely, Dean. I’m just glad you have someone now.”
“Your exam is not over yet, but this ought to keep your greedy ass occupied until a proper treatment plan can be developed” Cas meets his eyes and holds up a thick black plug. Dean’s eyes widen at the sight of the toy, something they haven’t played with before, and he swallows hard before nodding his agreement. Cas gives him a soft smile and touches the narrow end of the plug to Dean’s opening. “Now lie back down” Cas instructs gently as he carefully works the plug inside. Dean gasps at the intrusion, feeling like the steady widening of the shaft is splitting him open and filling him almost as well as Cas. Finally, the plug pops into place, fully seated in Dean’s ass as pressing lightly against his prostate. Dean keens in pleasure at the sensation and yelps when Cas gives the base a firm lap, causing the plug to press firmer against the sensitive nub of tissue deep inside him.
“About what?” Cas asks, tilting his head as the possibilities of what Dean is asking filter through his mind.
Her smile turns Cas’ stomach and the glint in her eyes turns feral. Immediately, Cas feels foolish for challenging her. He learned not long after his capture that Viking women are every bit as fierce as the men. He’s made a mistake.
“I’m fine, Dean” Castiel smooths a hand over Dean’s shoulder and down his arm, taking his hunter's hand in his own. “I apologize for my tardiness”
She turns back to him with a steaming paper mug in hand. “I know you’re kind, soft-spoken, and easy to make blush.” She carefully snaps a lid on the cup and pushes it across the counter. “You have some struggles with your self-esteem, financial troubles too I’m guessing, and your work…well, you’ve always been tight-lipped about that but your clothes and eye make-up...” She looks at him sideways, choosing her words carefully. “Look, Cas, I’m not an idiot. I’m pretty sure I know what you do and it’s
“Cas, stop,” Benny says and Cas’ heart sinks at the softly spoken command. He comes to a sudden halt and Benny sidles around to face him. “Are you ok?”
immaculate garden more than once, claiming his hedges need pruning or his grass is a quarter-inch too long.
Cas nods his permission and sits back, listening intently as Teddy points to certain items and makes recommendations. By the time he’s worked through the menu, Dean has ordered seven plates and grins at Cas over the rim of his virgin Bellini.
He’s known that Gabriel was once as cold and battle-hardened as the family he was raised with, but he left all that behind when he joined their brotherhood, Cas has never seen the extent of Gabriel’s ability and he fears that he soon will. “Gabe, we should go. There is nothing to gain here,” Cas whispers and looks at his brother with a plea written in his gaze.
“Do you know what my father told me? In a brief moment of lucidity when Lucifer possessed my body?” Castiel questions and Dean shakes his head minutely. He has never mentioned a word of this to Dean and the hunter is clearly eager to know. “My Father told me that he made each of to be exactly who we are. He made your soul to compliment my grace. He gave us a precious gift, something few of his creations share, and he begged me not to waste it”
Dean caught him by surprise, but now he’s prepared and his stomach aches with how deeply he wants this.
John scoffs and glances to Dean. “I hope you went easy on him,” he says pointedly and the tips of Dean’s ears redden.
“I would,” Cas coos as he presses Dean’s car keys into his palm. “Now stop complaining about my cooking and go to work. Unless you don’t want me to bring lunch?”
He pulls off with a pop, grinning up at Dean who is looking dazed and in awe of what just happened. “That was...awesome” Dean barks a tired but happy laugh, dropping his head back to the pillow and waiting for Cas to join him.
Eventually, Cas gives up watching Dean ignore him and settles into his nest. He pulls a blanket of soft rabbit pelts up to his chin, effectively covering himself until he’s hidden from Dean’s view.
Cas stands frozen as Dean shucks his pant down and stands bare before him, too close for comfort. Cas hadn’t thought this far ahead and his heart races at the sight of the broad expanse of Dean’s skin only inches from him. “In,” Cas mutters, turning his chin to look away.
“I need to get ready for work,” Cas says darkly as he pushes up from the couch and trudges to his room to glare at his closet.
Cas swallows hard with a frowning nod. He doesn’t understand what Dean is trying to accomplish but the hopeful gleam in his eye has Cas moving to tuck the knife into his pocket.
“You’re so good Dean, so good for me” Castiel murmurs, running his fingers through Dean’s hair without gripping on quite yet. Dean’s fingers clench on Castiel’s thighs, needing something to occupy them and Cas loosens his tie. “Will you let me bind your hands?” He rasps, running his fingers across Dean’s wrist.
Dean huffs and shakes his head with a fond smile as he reaches out to tweak Cas’ bowtie. “Formalwear, Angel. Seeing you like this,” Dean trails off with an exaggerated shiver. “Fucking hot, Cas.”
Cas hums thoughtfully and taps his thumb with his finger. “True. You are an omega who blew the operation, but if we’re being honest, I only care about one of those facts. Care to guess which one?”
Cas feels himself shatter but Dean is holding him together. He can let himself fall apart because he has a safe place to land and that thought brings about a fresh round of exhausted tears. “Thank you,” Cas tries to say but his voice comes out as more of a croak but Dean kisses his hair in understanding.
Dean’s rambling trails off as a slow smile spreads across Cas’ features and his eyes brim with warmth. “My last name is Novak. Castiel Novak. And yours?” Cas asks as he pulls out his phone and unlocks it before passing it to Dean.
Cas’s eyes follow for a moment, watching the self-assured sway of the man’s hips and doing his best not to react. He isn’t a hot-headed kid anymore but he’s had
They drive in silence for a few minutes as Dean weaves through the section of town where the shop is located and Baby coasts into her spot behind the garage underneath the large awning that keeps the weather off her flawless paint.
“No,” Cas bites as he turns to fix Balthazar with a stern look. “We don’t know that.” Dean might still die. He might die and everything Cas did today would be for nothing.
“Cas, relax.” Dean steps into Cas’ space as he lowers his phone. “We don’t have to do this if you aren’t ready,” Dean offers him an out, which makes Cas immediately sure that he is going to go through with face timing with Sam.
“Dean, would you like to go for a drive?” Castiel questions as Sam stretches his arms high over his head with a yawn. They’ve been back in their room less than five minutes and Cas is eyeing Dean hungrily.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt, I just,” she rambles as her brown eyes widen and her cheeks flush.
By the time the sun is hanging low in the sky and they’re sitting down to eat, Sam and Cas are debating something in hushed tones that Dean can’t be bothered to listen too closely too. They’re two hippies in a hippy shaped pod, just like Dean suspected they would be.
He dips into the bucket once more but he falls still with the cup half-way to his lips when his eyes catch the sight of blond hair and deep chestnut disappearing around a corner. Lilith and Ruby.
The night drags on, seemingly endless, as his thoughts circle and his chest aches with the pain of loss.
“You’re going be the death of me,” Cas grumbles, bucking his hips into Dean’s grasp. Heat pools in his belly at the thought of taking Dean apart, piece by piece until he’s begging for something bigger than Cas’ fingers.
Not long after, Dean pulls into a parking lot and begins the hunt for a space. He claims they’re still a block from the restaurant but he’s been told to find parking here. There’s more room.
“Cas!” Sam calls and jogs over with a smile. “Did you enjoy the time with your brothers?” He asks in earnest and Cas doesn’t have the heart to be truthful.
a memory. There is no possible way that he drank so much that he blacked out that moment of his memory and only knows of his clingy, melodramatic, and somewhat snot-faced teary gratitude because Gabriel teased him mercilessly for months afterward.
“You should totally join us next time, Cas.” Charlie punches Dean’s shoulder and claps Cas’s as she steers them toward the doors of the hotel with Benny following close behind.
It’s Cas’ turn to flush and he shuffles his feet as he tries to formulate the words to explain that he took the liberty of ordering for Dean.
“Yes, Sam will be wondering where you are” Castiel replies, pushing to his feet and taking Dean’s hand.
Dean knows he shouldn’t make assumptions, especially regarding sexuality, but he is not in the mood to give his higher thought processes a chance to rule his actions.
Dean thrashes below him, cursing and tangling demanding fingers in his hair as Cas sucks and swallows around his hard length. He uses every trick he’s learned to wring torturous pleasure from the man below him and revels in the sounds he manages to procure.
Cas leans into the kiss eagerly, pouring his hopes and desires into the simple touch of their lips as Dean lowers himself to press their bare chests together. “Please,” Cas whimpers, needing to be touched with the same care reflected in the soft set of Dean’s gaze. All the stars in the sky can’t compare to the sudden clarity bursting forth in his mind and the desperation twining its way between his ribs.
“Patience” Castiel urges, letting his hands drift across Dean’s chest and his thumbs find Dean’s nipples. The digits circle and pinch, sliding over the soft skin effortlessly as Dean hisses and arches below him.
“I know we haven’t been together all that long but I can’t imagine ever being without you. Maybe I’m crazy, Sam sure thinks so,” he says with a self-deprecating huff. “But I wanna go to sleep at night and wake up with you in the morning as often as I can. I want to hear about your day in person instead of over the phone and I want to be able to look down at my hand and know I got someone amazing to come home to. Castiel Novak,” Dean trails off with a hard swallow as he pulls open the box. “Will you marry me?”
“I never see anyone coming or going from your house,” Cas makes the simple statement but his eyes ask a hundred questions as Dean’s breath catches in his throat, waiting with every fiber of his immortal being for Cas finish his question.
This is for the best. Really. Not even the shaky breath he pulls in through his nose can convince him otherwise.
Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “But,” He says, turning to level Cas with a sultry glare. “We have a little time right now and I know a spot where no one will be able to see us.”
For the next few minutes, Rufus quizzes them on their schooling and their lives over the past two years while eyeing Dean critically. Cas doesn’t miss how Rufus’ gaze tracks their movements and the soft curl of a smile that develops when Dean nearly shrieks in horror when he reaches into to the bait bucket to grab a thrashing shrimp.
A low whistle comes from the back. “He must be amazing to have you in a good mood so early. Damn. I’m jealous.”
Cas presses his tongue flat against the underside of Dean’s cock and Dean nearly sees stars as Cas begins to suck harder. Dean’s pleasure builds and crests, his entire body tingles with the simple joy and disbelief of having Cas in this way.
Sam nods and gestures for Dean to give them some space. Castiel seems to trust Sam more, the monk even allows Sam to help position him on his knees so that he can reach his injuries while preserving his modesty.
Dean flinches at the vulnerability in Cas’ tone and the wariness in his eyes. “I, I’m not good at relationships, I didn’t want… I don’t want to hurt you.” He shakes his head, torn between wanting to kiss Cas again and send him away.
Cas doesn’t bother moving. “That’s, not a bad idea.” If he had known that before right now, he might have avoided opening the door to Crowley. To be fair though, they were expecting room service and hotel staff wouldn’t have a secret knock, would they? No, room service verbally identified themselves.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, relief clear in his tone as he takes a long stride to drag Castiel into his arms. “I thought you ran,” Dean mutters as he holds Castiel close.
Cas shakes his head and hunches over in the water as he wipes his eyes with the back of his hand. He killed Azazel because he wanted him dead. Because Cas knew if he didn’t, someone else would get hurt. Asmodeus was about to kill Dean and Cas couldn’t stop the boiling rage inside of him that forced him forward, that gave him the fortitude to cut into Azazel’s throat and spill his blood.
“Another hunt” Dean grumbles as he throws his duffle into Baby’s trunk. Cas stands by his side, looking every bit as pleased as Dean feels. They just got back and now Jody called asking them to check out a potential werewolf in upstate Nebraska. Dean huffs a sigh, at least they won’t be on the road all day this time. Only a few hours.
He carefully doesn’t mention the couch surfing he had to do in the seedier side of his childhood small town. His coming out stirred the pot of bigotry amongst the upper echelons in the town and their church quietly celebrated when he was thrown out. Enrolling in public school as a minor proved to be a challenge, his private school certainly hadn’t wanted him after his parents stopped paying the bill, but he found a way.
Sam nods through another yawn. “K’Dean” He mutters, fixing himself a cup of coffee and even offers to refills Dean’s mug as the older Winchester digs through the refrigerator for more eggs and the bacon he knows is buried in there somewhere.
“I agree. I would like to tell you what the collar means to me, is that alright with you, my pet?” Castiel asks and Dean shivers at the tone of his words.
When he glances back, he notices Cas watching him and he swallows hard as he abandons the history lesson.
“I have not,” Cas says with a hard edge to his tone. “Those rumors are unfounded and I will not stand for them.”
“Cas!” Dean calls out as soon as Cas cuts the engine to his hideous car. Dean stares at the off-yellow beast for a moment and then cringes as Cas’ door creaks open loudly. Next to his Impala, Cas’ Continental looks like a dilapidated pimpmobile.
Cas’ chest warms with the way Dean’s tone softens when he’s talking about his brother and the look of pure pride on his face. “That is wonderful Dean. I’m sure he appreciates the help.”
Dean shakes his head and gives her neck a shove into the stump. Ruby stays this time but Benny remains close regardless.
“Tsk tsk, Squirrel. You know she doesn’t like visitors.” Crowley’s voice comes from behind them and Cas turns to glare with narrowed eyes.
Dean shrugs. “True. But what's done is done. Now, we’re going to go home, get you cleaned up and get a little bit of sleep before I gotta get up for work.”
He stops again and swallows thickly as he tries to ignore the hunger gnawing at his stomach. He hopes Dean brings food today. The thin gruel and dried fish rationed to the slaves is barely enough to sate his hunger each morning and it is not enough to last the day.
Cas leans closer, lips brushing against the shell of Dean’s ear to send a shiver down his spine. “You want me, Dean? You want my big, fat, cock splitting you open, wrecking your hole like…” Cas trails off when Dean bucks with laughter as he remembers today’s kink list.
“Cup or cone?” She says, pushing herself up from where she’s been leaning halfway across the counter.
Later that night, after Cas searched for a hotel and Dean drove them the extra hour and a half to the small bed and breakfast Cas had booked a room at, Dean was sprawled lazily on the bed. He couldn’t believe the place when they pulled up.
Cas pulls back with a wide-eyed gasp and swallows hard as he shakes his head hard even as his eyes start to burn. “I can’t,” he breathes, panic edging in his voice. “I can’t do this.” He reaches behind him blindly and pushes the door open, nearly falling out of the car in his haste to get away.
His temple aches and he lifts a hand to rub at it when the palm of his hand gets caught on something sharp.
Castiel’s hands clutch at the sheets in front of him, gritting his teeth as Dean slowly buries himself inside of him until his hips are pressed up against his skin. “Fuck,” Dean says. “Fuck, Cas, I--” Dean shifts inside of him as he leans down, resting his chest up against Castiel’s back, his cheek pressed against Castiel’s own.
Ever since, things have been okay. He is slowly progressing with gaining control over the ability in his body – every few days moving forward in holding his disappearance for longer and becoming more controlled in being able to choose body parts to vanish, whilst keeping others manifested.
Dean jerks his chin away from his friend’s touch before reaching for the hem of the torn, stained shirt he wears and lifting it. Mervyn shakes his head sympathetically across them but Dimarus merely stares, not saying anything a moment before he curses loudly and punches his fist into the side of the carriage before cursing loudly again.
Castiel shakes his head, a small smile crossing his lips as, 'how can anyone resist those big, blue eyes' replays in his mind. They settle down then, veering off into talking about classes and the assignments they've both got going, Dean complaining about one guy in his group that isn't pitching in at all nor turning up to their group meetings.
There’s a spike of panic in his chest at the thought before Charlie’s expression changes “Oh Dean, trust me when I say it’s possible.”
The rest of the day goes by slowly, Castiel watching as maids come and go with cleaning supplies and even Hermana personally with soups for breakfast, lunch and dinner. At one point a doctor is summoned but pointedly refused and leaves hastily.
But before his knees can give way, two solid arms are slipping around his waist, pulling him close so that he can’t fall.
Castiel straightens. “Everyone in the castle must contribute towards it’s prosperity, I have the ability to help anywhere you want me to, you can’t just--”
“Alright, alright, I’ll get on inside but don’t be too long out here or else the food will go cold and I would like to catch up before I pass out.”
They’re finished with training and Dean’s sheathing his sword when Castiel steps into his personal space. “Let me see your hand,” he says, and Dean lifts his left. “No, the other one.” Dean narrows his eyes but raises his bandaged hand for Castiel to look at. “Does it still hurt?”
Dean had to blink back the tears. But… There was something. Something between them. He didn’t know if it was something Castiel wasn’t telling him or it was something else. Something to do with his death.
Castiel stares at the hand held out in front of him, his only instinct to retract and curl in on himself. But he aches to let Dean do this – to let Dean touch him with those gentle hands once more.
Dean’s still looking at his stomach and Castiel can’t catch his eyes and no, no, he shifts himself carefully to peer over Dean, not wanting to cause him pain as he searches in the mud with his hand and
He ducks his head, swallowing in embarrassment. They've both seen his shame and know his relation to Castiel so it would be strange of him to act confident like he had planned.
Without even blinking, Castiel’s wings disappear. Dean’s eyes fill with guilt once more. “I’m sorry, Cas. I wish things were easier but I just--”
For his life will end tomorrow. Because he is either killed or because the battle is over. His whole life has led to this moment and once it’s gone, he thinks, no matter the other duties he may have in rebuilding a kingdom, there has to be something more to live for. Something just for him.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, voice low and rough. “I wanna see you, have to--” He presses his sweaty forehead against Castiel’s, holding his eyes as they pant into each other’s mouth. Dean’s hand tightens as he thrusts up into Castiel again, biting his own lip in pleasure.
“I still owe you for what you did in Kalapell.” Joren begins to shake his head, the small smile turning into a frown. “No, no, I do. Let Dimarus know what you want and I’ll have it to you as quickly as I can.” Joren sighs and looks at Dean with soft eyes. “The king would want you to.” Castiel not’s quite sure what they’re discussing but he assumes it’s Joren saving the royal jewels from being stolen. Another thing the prince is clearly trying to shove in his face.
Dean freezes for a split second before shrugging. “It’s fine. Nothing to worry about,” he responds, hoping she doesn’t catch his complete and utter bullshit. Thankfully, she doesn’t push, only nods and gets to work.
Dean scoffs now – he can’t help it – and his father glowers at him. “If he was going to kill me, he would have done it already.”
Castiel’s eyes narrow at that. The guards – royal guards – seemed to be smart before, wearing noble guard’s clothes and emblems to not attract too much attention, but who in Leuric’s name would think it’s a good idea to transport royal jewels all the way to Kalapell? Presuming they wanted to keep the jewels in the first place. It is most likely now that they did not. In the end, however, Castiel was the only one who seemed to notice the guards in the town. No one else spared them or the lacquered chest they were carrying a single glance.
The man looks up then, eyes narrowed. Castiel doesn’t miss the fear that lingers. “And why you be wanting to do that?”
Until one day his mum caught up with Castiel's mum. His family hadn't said much about the two of them when he got back. But he knew that they all knew something had gone wrong -- what with the way they looked at him -- and none of them had seen Castiel around much either. And suddenly they knew why. Because his mum came home after catching up with Naomi to tell him that Castiel hadn’t been doing well. He'd been struggling. He'd been depressed. Badly. He's doing better now though, she’d said. As if that would make it better.
"We should get some rest. Big day tomorrow," Dean says, before he gets up and walks over to his sleeping mat. Castiel stares after him, hoping tomorrow will come quickly for his sake.
Castiel hesitates for a moment but he can’t resist the twinkle in Dean’s beautiful, green eyes. “Okay.” he responds quietly, taking Dean’s hand.
And Michael will always stand by it, tell him it was the only way. That if he’d trained him normally, he would never have become as great as he is now. That he would never stand a chance against the demon. That the brutality was necessary.
This time, he really might throw up. The sound of another door, sliding heavily open only makes it worse. The stench is toxic and the rattle of chains and yelling from either side of Castiel as he walks through the door and down a hallway is nearly deafening. Some words from a guard and the sound of metal on metal has the shouting ease down to a manageable level. Castiel turns two corners before he’s finally stopped and the black bag is taken off his head.
Castiel and Dean lie on a picnic rug they brought. Castiel's reading his book with Dean lying beside him, eyes closed and one arm slung over Castiel's waist.
The guard’s face pales slightly. “No, that – you don’t need to do that. Just make sure that you are with him at all times.”
Some he immediately recognises – others he doesn’t – although they could be from things other than films he supposes.
He should’ve known it then. Should have seen there was something wrong. And is that what it was trying to do? Make him understand their actions? Make him understand their side?
Patrus’ boots crunch in the dirt and Castiel sucks in a sharp breath, Patrus’ blade almost at his throat when he disappears, jumping ten yards to his right.
Castiel doesn’t say much when they rise and eat and he’s out the door before Dean can even say goodbye, clearly needing to get along to something.
He’s only nervous because perhaps he’ll mess it up somehow and Dean won’t like him. Although, again, he’s sure Dean’s had enough time to suss out whether or not he likes Castiel. At least he hopes so.
“They thought they could convince me to help them find another way too. But I had plans of my own. When I finally found Leuric, completely and utterly mortal I took them and tortured them for the locations of their Three. They gave nothing. What they did give though was something even better. Leuric had birthed a child with that mortal brother they had fallen for. And those brothers and the child were deep in hiding, never to be found, the only ones who knew the locations of Leuric’s Three. I knew what it meant then. Leuric had planned for another to take up their power to finally complete the second sacrifice. For they did not have the strength to. And there’s nothing more I love than a prophecy. A prophecy of a human destined to defeat me. But here’s the thing about prophecies. They will sing true to their word until you face a god. For a god is a creator of prophecies. And a destroyer of them.”
“He doesn’t speak,” Dean says, beside him. “An unfortunate outcome from war.” At that moment, Joren lifts his chin slightly to show the jagged scar across his throat. “But it doesn’t slow him down. If we had a few moments to spare I would show you the arrow range outside. Joren’s the best bowman in the castle. Never missed a shot.”
The heavy doors slide shut, echoing across the now barren chamber. His father’s gaze shifts ever so slightly, the familiar disappointment he knows so well and it startles him. All along, has it been a demon that looks at him this way?
They each take a hold of him under his arms and once again begin to take him away, the heels of his boots dragging on the floor. Castiel tries to memorise the direction in which they’re going but it appears he can’t – they take turns into halls and passages that he’s never been down before. Most likely backway passages so that no one catches them – but in the end, it doesn’t matter for Castiel feels the rush of fresh air and the grass and snow at his heels. Grass and snow that turns to dirt and straw.
Not long after, dawn almost upon them, do they get word from another ally that slips inside their small inn quietly, that the other party has arrived. And that everything is in place.
“It is good to see you then, Your Highness,” he says, that same pride he always saw within the man, sparking once more. “And I am honoured to have journeyed along with Castiel to retrieve this power that has helped restore your life.”
“To us,” Dean says, but Castiel’s chest is pulled tight all of a sudden and he knows that if he doesn’t say anything now, he won’t find another moment of courage.
Something Dean, of course, is very thankful for but the revelation of Joren himself – is something he is still reeling from.
Dean quirks an eyebrow. "Yes, Cas." Castiel nervously returns a smile before looking pointedly at the computer as though he's doing something.
And so, he had decided perhaps this morning he would venture into the dining hall for the first time since he arrived back at camp and sit with everyone else. There wouldn’t be much eating done with so many eyes but that isn’t really the point. After his outburst, he has been much avoided by the other angels – eyes averting wherever he shows.
He pauses, takes a tentative step forward. “Because you make me smile and laugh,” Castiel swallows, eyes flicking away but Dean steps closer, ducking to catch his eyes, make sure he knows it when he says, “And you’re annoyingly smart and never put up with any of my shit.”
“What are you watching?” he asks, stunning the girls and seemingly most of the class out of their daze.
Dean clears his throat as he pulls his keys out of the ignition, glancing to Castiel where he’s still curled against the window. “C’mon, let’s get you insi--”
He laughs at Sam who has slight bags under his eyes from the long drive and smiles at his mum and dad who are still making their way around the table to make sure everyone gets a hug. That’s when he remembers that Castiel is here.
It's a different party, different house but the same game. And somehow, the same pairing. Castiel still, for some reason, feels nervous as he steps into another closet with Dean for the second time in three weeks. One glance at Dean, however, shows that the other boy doesn't seem fazed at all.
“Well, yeah. I mean, I gotta look my best if I’m gonna get Castiel fuckin’ Novak to kiss me.” The truth, of course, is despite the fact that the night will end with a kiss from Castiel Novak no matter what he wears, he still is trying to dress to impress.
If his father is the demon, no one is safe. And if his father - if this demon - finds out that Dean has escaped with Castiel, he will do anything to punish him - to bring him back.
Dean nods enthusiastically. “Yep. Still good for me. I, uh, sort of forgot that maybe I should’ve given you my number so that we could, you know, talk about the details.”
Where at the end of the night, their differences – the wings that sprout from their backs – don’t mean anything. Because they are all human, aren’t they?
He has to save him. But how is he supposed to do that? What if they kill him? What if somehow, they find out?
“I don’t – just get him out of my sight!” Dean yells and suddenly Castiel’s being lifted up to his feet. He doesn’t look at Dean as he’s shoved forward, hands tight on his biceps as he’s lead away.
He’s careful – he’s always careful – as he takes the crown between his fingers and places it atop his head.
Their wings hang low and he realises that they are the last ones left of their immediate family. Elaria still has Adri of course but her own parents and sister are gone.
The guards will be riding on horseback and if everything goes well, they should take less than half a moon to get there.
passed since the invasion but he doesn’t know if he’d so easily be able to laugh and dance freely if everwhere he looked, everything he did was a reminder of where they are. Of what happened to lead them here.
“Perhaps you are not quite the man everyone makes you out to be,” he says. Castiel stares at him, eyes hard.
Castiel, for all of his grace, struggles with the basic steps – mostly because he’s constantly trying to keep distance between them, although Leda doesn’t seem to notice.
But it’s true. Sam is his only family left now. And he knows Castiel would transport him to Sam in a heartbeat if it was not for the current state of security due to the demon. He just has to be patient and know that once it’s done, Sam will be with him once more.
He knows it’s cruel – to leave him alone after what happened. And even though he promised, he saw in Dean’s eyes that he was unsure of whether or not he would come back.
Dean shakes his head. “I’ve seen you, okay? I’ve seen you now with every other fucking person that you’ve met and you seem to have no problem respecting them. Except for me, of course.”
But if Catharlo is right, he has almost a whole year before Heymon, Prince Dean's current personal guard, steps down and Dean chooses his own personal guard. A whole year to work his way up the ranks and show that he's the perfect guard, servant and loyal friend for the Crown Prince to desire.
“Gods, Cas,” Dean interrupts him, glancing over his shoulder, the space between his brows creased. “I know you have other things to attend to but if you could just get a word out that--”
He almost can’t believe what he’s heard. It was always assumed Nyree died in the war – in the invasion – just as her mother and father did. But here she is, standing tall, face bright as the shining sun.
The second man takes Dean’s blade in his throat, the third loses his sword to the dirt as the butt of his blade finds the back of helmet, a hard crunch as the metal meets flesh.
Reyne’s eyes tell him he doesn’t agree but he nods anyway. It was Castiel who suffered after all. He won’t question him now.
Dean whistles, grinning wide. It’s not smug or mocking. It’s that infuriating, charming smile. The one that shows how handsome he really is. Castiel looks towards the target Dean was firing at. Five arrows in a straight line, left to right, all on the same small target.
Dean sits quietly beside him, observing. Having finished with cleaning the rest of his body, he finally leans forward with a hand out. “Here. Let me get your back,” he says, voice calm but eyes hesitant.
It’s raining. This night is darker than the past few they spent in the forest. For tonight the clouds fill the sky, blurring the moon’s natural light.
Edit: I didn't really make this clear but I just wanted to say that I've already written and edited this entire fic, so there won't be any delays in posting :D
Brady laughs. “Alright, man, Cillian and I’ll make sure this idiot gets back to your dorm in one piece.”
Everyone’s mostly quiet. Especially Dean. But Castiel feels as though a small weight has been lifted from his shoulders after last night. He needed that. And Castiel was only too happy to be there for him.
Castiel’s chest starts to heave. Dean suddenly looks down at Castiel’s hand in his own. It’s starting to shake again. Dean squeezes his hand tighter and that’s it – it’s too much. Castiel rips it away and stands, his stool toppling over behind him, and with bare feet and the rest of his clothes still lying in the floor, leaves.
And sometimes Castiel wants to yell at Dean to stop being so kind and perfect because it only serves to make him feel most incompetent within every moment of the man’s presence.
His knees hit the edge and he sits down – and Castiel’s actually thankful for he’s not sure how long his legs would have been able to hold him steady.
“Well, neither are you,” Castiel mutters so quietly beside him that Dean’s not even sure he heard it correctly. But when he meets Castiel’s eyes, the warmth there is a confirmation within itself.
Emery shakes his head, face illuminated by the flames of the torch. “No. He’s staying behind for now in attempt to cover up our trail.”
As he presses on, taking down man after man, he realises that whilst he may lose the others, that flash of blonde remains with him. Michael.
Dean leans down, hands on either side of him to kiss him hard once before pulling away. And when he does his eyes hold a silent question. Castiel lets his eyes slip shut for a second before nodding.
“Dean?” he calls as he enters the clearing, not wanting to give him a fright. But as he pulls up beside the other horse, Dean is nowhere in sight. Castiel fights down the panic that threatens to claw up his throat.
“I have never had faith in anyone moreso than I have you, Castiel. And if you don’t have faith, then I will have enough for both of us. For all of us.”
The man’s about to throw the dagger when Castiel catches his arm and pushes him stumbling backwards. “What do you think you’re doing?” he asks, trying to keep the anger out of his voice.
“The angel, unable to bear the thought of their beloved’s soul sinking into the depths of the underworld, decided to to fight against it. They knew they couldn’t defeat the God of Darkness and that the God of Light would never make the sacrifice needed. So, the angel did it themselves. They drew all essence that made them an angel out of them and used the three ingredients to do a powerful spell. Powerless, they became mortal. Human. The only sign that they were once holy, the physical manifestations of wings on their back.”
Dean shakes his head, hating that Castiel felt that way around him, hating that he could have made him feel different if he’d just given him a chance.
Dean ducks under the first man’s swing, slicing his blade along the side of his knee. He sees the man fall, a scream pulling from his lips but leaves him for those behind him, wasting no time to face the next man that swings towards him.
Dean’s mind goes blank and it feels like his heart is being ripped out of his chest. The boy is gone. Dean’s hands start to shake and he can feel his eyes starting to blur.
“So do you,” he says. And the blue of Castiel’s eyes melt as Dean’s hand is squeezed tight between them. He doesn’t say anything. He doesn’t have to. Dean knows he needed to hear it.
He realises then that he never lost his family. They were here this entire time, waiting for him to look up and see it.
"Right." Dean huffs, running a hand over his face. “So, all my panic, all my hurt over you leaving me that morning – it was all for nothing. Because you were going to leave whether I kissed you or not. It had nothing to do with me, did it?"
“So, I killed them and the prophecy was heard in the minds of those brothers. And it was their duty to spread the word. And although there were sceptics amongst the angels at first, they eventually came to believe. And all those years I waited for you.”
