I looked over at Mrs Hudson to find her observing me narrowly. I had never speculated about our landlady’s past, but several things were revealed to me in that exchange, firstly, that she was by no means the delicate lady Watson, in his chivalry, thought her; secondly, by the set of her jaw and a certain martial light in her eye, that whatever our good Watson were to be accused of she would defend him to the death; and thirdly, that while she might fully trust in the Doctor’s own word, she had known enough of officers and gentlemen in her time to understand that in general, and taken as a class, their ‘word’ might mean precisely nothing.
‘Will you sit with me?’ I tugged him by the hand to the sofa. ‘We have been much apart of late, I with my cases, you with the campaigning. Sit near me, John. We both need the comfort. I confess, I am cold and cheerless today, and you are sad. As for you: there are too many who suffer this problem, and the weakness after, the dreams, and the sweats, the galloping pulse and shortness of breath. It is an effect of war, and one that many doctors now recognise. They even give a name to it: Soldier’s Heart. I know this, you know it, and you have said to me before, I recollect, that your advice to any sufferer would be that he should be kind to himself. So let us be kind. We will sit here quietly for a while, then we shall go to the bath, and sweat the bad humours out of you. We shall dine – a Dover sole, perhaps - this evening we shall read – your French is coming along splendidly now – and I shall play for you until you sleep. You will have a better night, and wake with more strength for your campaign. You do not lack courage, believe me.’
‘It is a pitiful tale is it not? The love-lorn fool, the mummer, who dies “for the love of a lady”? Alas, alas for poor Jack Point, heartbroken over a forbidden love. Better that, however, than that his beloved should die, do you not think?’
‘No, but if you are in difficulty of course we must help.’ Watson’s voice wavered. ‘Holmes, my dear fellow, take the damn tea away: if I have more, it is like to come up as the water did, and I have no wish to vomit again.’
I hope, if I have any Muslim readers, that they will find I have been sufficiently respectful in describing Qom, (spelled Kum by British people at this time), one of the holy places of Persia.
However, whether it was clear to Gregson and Baynes that he was an invert, I was not yet able to determine fully. For the moment, it appeared to me that their suspicions of him as having been the perpetrator of a vile murder were as yet so lively that they left no room for suspicions of him as a sodomite - for which I was very thankful. I did not want the poor man to escape the Scylla of a murder accusation only to be engulfed by the Charybdis of the Labouchère Amendment – under which, it seemed to me, he would certainly be found guilty.
Watson took the sheet, turned aside and perused it awhile in silence. ‘I am the sodomite, it seems, and you my minion, my pathic, Holmes.’ His face, which I, but not Lestrade, could see, was anguished, but his tone was calm. ‘We live in illicit luxury – how little they know us: we are far from being luxurious -  in a continual round of the most vile debauchery – although how we find the time for it, I cannot imagine, as I am certain it would take at least four men to engage in all of these acts in so short a time as is detailed in but one of our imagined orgies. And, like Socrates, we are corruptors of youth into the bargain. Both your Irregulars and the children of the free wards have fallen victim to our vile lusts. Ah, do not wince, Lestrade.’ He looked at him then. ‘There is no truth here for me to be afraid of. If I tremble, if my colour changes and my breath comes short, it is from rage, not from fear.’ And indeed I had never seen him so angry, not the red, heated rage of his soldier-self in battle against a known foe, but a white, still fury. ‘You are correct: some enemy has done this, as they did with my attempted seduction. It is Moran’s hand here, I think, even if not his actual hand-of-write. That is two attempts this year.’
‘Say rather the most jealous, Sherlock. She had been an active woman, you tell me, fond of sport, and dance. And, forgive me, but for you to have been engendered, there must have been some falling away from her husband, some flaw in their love that led her to wander aside. But after your birth there was nothing, only her injuries, and the shame of you – shame would the world call it: rather a blessing; had you never lived, my friend, I would be long since gone, for I owe you my very life – and his constant presence, always there, always a reminder of her transgression, her pains and her grief.’
‘Will we? I augur ill of this night’s work. Will you sleep? Be with me, Sherlock. I – I do not want to be alone tonight. I – I can see them, again, those poor men. Be with me. ’
'You are severe, Watson! Yet I do not think it is so with them, but a partnership of equals, that rare and precious thing. I shall never underestimate a woman again: she, and she only will be the model of her sex for me.'
‘What is it you wish to know?’ I murmured. I touched his arm and carefully drew him with me into a more advantageous place for observation. ‘I take it that it is the military fellow that is known to you: enlighten me first as to him. For one of those men is known to me, and so I can tell you already that your army colleague keeps dangerous company.’
‘Do you want to say more?’ I asked him, keeping my voice low. ‘You need not tell me more, John, not if you find it hard. I can tell you what I think might have happened, if you cannot find the words.’
The weather was cold and drear, it grew dark at four, and the wind howled around the inn, but the tumult was outside, and we safe within. Watson’s work was not onerous – he went out whistling, after breakfast, with the sheaf of papers on which he had scribbled directions and comments the night before. In the morning he investigated those perilous haunts of vice in the older – and not so pious - part of the city, prowling around places where Dr Jex-Blake, by reason of her sex, could not safely go, to find out how best she could help the unfortunate women who suffered and died there. In the afternoon he was occupied with the doctor and her assistants: I believe his experience of setting up hospitals, teaching students, and doctoring in the army was of great value here. At tea time he returned with another sheaf of papers, smiling absently at me as he entered, then imbibing huge draughts of tea while he scribbled further comments and directions, until he was done, when he would throw down his pen with a great sigh of relief, to turn and embrace me, and sit close with me before the fire.
Watson looked up, frowning, from dealing with his sock-garter, and stood unsteadily, limping to his desk to sit and open a commonplace book and take up his pen. I wiped my hands on a rag, threw some chips of chalk in a flask, added a splash of spirit of salts and lit the burner under them. The carbonic acid gas produced in the reaction would pass through the tube I hastily connected and into a flask of aqueous ammonia: the resultant sal volatile could, if necessary, be allowed to spill over.
Moran, in canon, is referred to as 'the old shikarri' - a hunter of wild game. His time in the Indian Army had ended in disgrace and ignominy, and he had turned traitor, both by spying for the Russians, with whom Moriarty was deeply involved, and by aiding the great criminal himself. He was almost a more deadly enemy that the professor himself, in truth: since he had become aware that Mycroft Holmes' brother was countering his moves in India and Tibet, as well as having removed his most generous patron.
‘You are not a dull man. And I do understand what you feel. But are you saying that you see the same in me?’ I bent to tuck my head onto his shoulder, feeling a ridiculous urge to weep. ‘The fall?’
‘You – you do not speak as most men, Watson. They would rather plunder the rose; pluck the bud and despoil it.’
‘But what other theory is there?’ cried the banker, with a gesture of despair. ‘If his motives were innocent, why does he not explain them?’
But someone, someone had watched these events unfold, someone patient and deadly as a snake. Someone had planned to lay Watson by the heels on a charge of murder which he would find it hard to disprove, having no witnesses to speak for him, and had been waiting the opportunity. Someone had had him shadowed, until the omens for a successful strike were propitious. Money had been lavished on the attempt: money to acquire the watchers, money to pay the drivers, money to fee the messenger, money to buy the assassins: night after night after night, waiting for the right combination of events for the plan to be set in motion, for the trap to be sprung.
‘We are not out of the opening gambit, brother. He plays his pieces well, he has not yet lost a pawn.’
“I save them,” he said, and if ever a man looked sheepish, the good doctor did then. “Only the bright new ones, with a shine still upon them. I save all year, Holmes, I always have done, even as a medical student, although of course they were sadly few then. And then I – well, Holmes, there is always some wretched child or other, hungry in the streets. I cannot eat my Christmas dinner in peace, do you see, if I do not make some return on this of all days.” And he coughed, scooped the coins back into his purse, and strode to the window. “It’s not much. I don’t do enough.”
I pressed his arm in silent sympathy. ‘And they would be good for you too, Watson. Can we contrive it, do you think? The work on Gallagher paid well enough: we might live simply and cheaply for a few weeks.’
‘By all means,’ Watson turned to me, and I endeavoured with a glance to implore him to spare me any further conversation. ‘I shall be happy to accompany you to meet your friend, Sir Henry, but Holmes here has the migraine and would be better in the dark. Holmes, if you will take a cab home, then I will follow you.’
'Weary and heartsick.' I told him, but as we reclined on the sofa together, my head on his shoulder and his arms around me, I did not tell him why. More and more, it seemed, he was compassed round with danger, and I could not bear it for him. If it were not for me, I reflected, bitterly, as he caressed my hair, and pressed gentle kisses to cheek and temple, he would be in no danger at all. I did not, quite, wonder if it would have been better had he never met me. But I could feel that I might come to think so.
‘Indeed I should,’ I replied, brushing first him, and then myself down, ‘but Watson, I think we should perhaps leave now. That was a louder noise than I expected, and I am loath to attract attention, my dear fellow.’
‘Holmes,’ He stopped, cleared his throat, began again. ‘Holmes, should you think me a great coward if I said that I do not wish to return? Even if they will have me? Oh, it is not that I would not fight for my country, if needed,’ he went on, hurriedly. ‘Of course, I should do my duty. I hope – I hope I am not such a coward as not to do my duty in a just war. It is only – I am a doctor. And I have seen so many die. There have been so many I could not save. It was not a just war, that is another thing.’ His head dropped further; the silk curtain cord twisting through his hands. ‘I did not truly expect glory – when I spoke just then of covering myself with glory it was irony, in part – but I did not expect so much dishonour, Holmes. Nor the treachery of men, nor the cruel waste of life. And yet, in that unjust war, I killed. I am a healer, yet I have killed, ruthlessly, repeatedly, to save my own worthless life, and in my dreams, I kill again. You know this, do you not? You have seen . . .’
‘ – but had I not met you, that day in Barts, I do not think it would have been long before I went to my death, as many another lonely soldier had done and will do. All had been stripped from me, purpose, health, the prospect of a decent life. And then you saved me. So yes, I owe you my life, my dear fellow. I pray that someday I may offer you something of value in its place.’
I stood up in the swaying carriage, and moved towards him. ‘I have been lonely for you too. But I could not approach you when you were angry with me, for I feared you would reject me. And I am sorry – about the cocaine. Will you forgive me, John? I have – have wanted you too. I miss – I miss your touch, your hand on mine, your arms about me. I am always cold without you. I – I took none yesterday, and I have taken none today. I have tried, John. ’’
'I am sorry to hear it: you know we agreed that you would be more careful, and walking home alone at night is not being careful. And yes, the walking on top of standing to operate will not have helped your leg. As for retiring, we agreed long ago you should make your money as a writer, my dear fellow, and it is as a writer that you are making it: for every shilling that does not come into your pocket from a patient, there are ten that come by way of your writing now you are somewhat established. And now I have charge of your cheque book, and you do not waste your substance on sorry, foundered nags that fall at the first fence, your balance at Coutts is quite respectable. You have no need to fret and worry so much.'
‘It does.’ He took both my hands, and moved me so we sat face to face, our fingers entwined. ‘And this is why, my dear Sherlock, any man now who loves another must think carefully about what he will do. About what danger he puts his lover in, and what might come to him if he did. Even with all love and trust, it must be thought on.’
But still the Bill languished. It had been in committee for three years now, Watson told me, pacing our rooms like a tiger. ‘Three years, and there is still no appetite to pass it. It is shameful, shameful in this day and age and in a Christian nation. How can we call ourselves enlightened, and seek to impose our manners and morals on those we call savages? Even Rome was not so bad!’
'It is always an object with me to serve my country,' I told him gently, for I could see how he had been torn between affection and duty, delaying a blow that his hand should have dealt, but that heart could not nerve him to. Had matters been otherwise, had the treaty's recovery not been impossible because of Percy's constant presence in the room in which it had been concealed, those weeks between the loss of the treaty and my fortuitous discovery of it could have led to a political upheaval unparalleled in a decade. Joseph Harrison, the son of an ironmaster, had had the nous to recognise the technical papers for what they were, and the greed, too, to sell them to the highest bidder, had circumstances not prevented him. Holdhurst's delay in calling in a more thorough investigation could have cost the country dear, and he knew it. 'I would not require your gratitude to be extreme: I ask only a brief hearing.'
‘I am surprised it is enough to tempt you out on such a vile night.’ Watson shivered, and I saw him look longingly at the fire. ‘Must we indeed go?’
‘I cannot remember, only that I hacked at it in a fit of disgust. John – I – I have missed you. I know you wrote, and I wrote; I know that you know what I have done these past months, and I know how you have fared – I am glad your operation on your poor Colonel was successful, by the way - and we telegraphed, but it was not enough – and – and – I could not tell you all.’
‘No, that will do me lad, ye’ve done your work.’ A slender figure stepped out of the shadows. ‘I’m sure t’will not be Mr Holmes who scants ye of what’s due, will it now?’ He nodded at me, ‘Hand over the dibs, Sir, and see my messenger right, and I’ll take ye to the dear Doctor, an’ explain as we go along.’
It was no wonder, I thought as Watson recounted his school days to me, that he, struggling to put himself through Bart's, and make a name for himself in the army, should almost have forgotten the school friend who, his school days behind him, had advanced through Cambridge, then rapidly in rank and favour at the Foreign Office under the benign, but severe, tutelage of his uncle, Lord Holdhurst, until a moment's inattention and a need for coffee had beguiled him to an unlikely ruin.
‘I am engaged upon obtaining pure chlorine, by means of a process called electrolysis. As you know, I received recently some correspondence from my chemical colleague, Charles Friedel, at the Sorbonne. An associate of his, one Henri Moissan, has just succeeded in obtaining a pure fluorine gas by the process, and since it is impossible to do that here – I have not the means of cooling the system to minus fifty degrees, and I have no platinum electrodes – I thought to try the process to produce another of the so-called halogen, or salt-producing gases.’
I never met Lamson before he died. Watson, that good soldier, and good doctor, did. He visited him as a colleague in distress, and found him repentant, the withdrawal of the drug in prison having brought him back to his right mind. He confessed, at the last, maintaining that not he, but the morphia had acted. His friends ensured that his poor wife, who had clung to him throughout, refusing to believe that her kind husband could have killed her little brother, and his little daughter, were given new names, and sent to America, there to find new lives, and a modicum of peace.
“Goodnight, Watson,” I said, feeling his strong fingers press mine. “Thank you. For today, and many days, for your friendship, and the gift.” I could not look him in the eye. My mouth had dried as if I’d thirsted for hours.
He flushed. ‘If nothing else, lest we be found in one bed together. You know, and I know, that we sleep chastely together, like brothers born were wont to: why even in this day and age it is not unknown for men and for women to share a bed, and when necessity drives us we will all seek for comfort in the embrace of another human creature. But coupled with an accusation like this, if we are discovered, then the presumption will be that we are making the beast with two backs – and so we are undone; we are shent. Our destruction would follow as night the day.’
'I cannot allow you any information other than what is known to the public, Mr Holmes. I will not arrest or charge Dr Watson on the basis of an anonymous accusation. But I cannot take you into my confidence either, lest it prejudice the enquiry into the murders. It is not fitting for you to be involved in this. You are not in the Force: there is no obligation on me to share my information with you, an outsider.’
‘Holmes, be reasonable. Mrs Hudson, good morning: pray forgive me for speaking to you unshaven and in such unseemly disorder. Would you be so kind as to bring me some tea, and send up the Inspector? Mr Holmes will receive him, of course, and I should like to see him myself.’
‘Why, this is from Burns Gibson!’ He had taken it from the envelope as he entered our drawing room, and scanned it quickly. ‘Holmes! The Criminal Law Amendment Bill has passed! It was debated until late on Thursday night: various members – oh, including Labouchère, it appears: he will insist on meddling, will he not - rising to propose this and that change or addition, but once the amendments were agreed, then it received a majority, thank God. It is through at last, Holmes!’
As we walked, I watched, and I saw. Some couples were open and joyous. A young man raised his girl’s hand, linked fast in his, to his lips, and kissed it. She tilted her cheek, eyes slanted sideways at him, and her smile invited, and promised. An older couple walked arm in arm. He leaned on her; she guided his faltering step with tender patience. Years of companionship suited their paces so perfectly that they gave and took unthinking, their bodies almost dancing together. Other couples concealed desires illicit but acknowledged. Two women dawdled along the way in animated discourse. They did not touch, but their steps matched. Gold-hair laughed at raven-hair, and when their eyes met, they too exchanged an invitation and a promise. Gold-hair’s lips moved in the slightest of hinted kisses, and raven-hair blushed, looked down, then up through lowered lashes. I could see them. I could see what they hid. Could they see me? To me, my desire was naked, burning, as if I were stripped, transparent in my need and longing. Others saw only two sombre-suited gentlemen, respectable and arm in arm, one animated, expounding some point of interest, the other listening, quietly responsive. Thank God that they could not see, that I yet had strength not to betray myself and send both of us into ruin.
‘It is supposed to neutralise the toxin,’ he replied. ‘Do, my dear fellow, hold still for one more moment. When Jack comes to put Ruby in, I will ensure that an express is sent to town, and we can see what there is to be had on the subject of the honeybee. I had no idea you would be interested in such things, Holmes, no idea at all.’
'That is understandable: he is ashamed of what he has become. No man wishes to be seen as the wreck of himself in the eyes of a woman who once found him handsome.'
‘Powell and I will attend, and a couple of other medical fellows. He wanted no other, indeed at the last, he would not let even me see him. He was so ashamed, poor fellow, so ashamed to be seen.’
Readers may recognise parts of Watson's 'eulogy' on Holmes, the first draft of which, quite sensibly, Mycroft would not let him publish. Some of the wording, however, is taken from the Stark Munro letters, where Munro is lamenting his distance from his friend.
‘But – but you, you did not – although you – you have touched – me be-before as a as a doctor, you, you – and you were – were similarly afflicted . . . I could – through your nightshirt, I could see – but you did not - ’
‘No, I have not read the Act,’ I replied to Mycroft’s question. He had asked me a few days before to visit – and, unusually, at his rooms, not at the office where he worked, or at the Diogenes - but I had not had the time until this present occasion. ‘Why do you ask? We have been occupied ever since we returned to Vienna – I trust that our resolution of Mr Gladstone’s affair was satisfactory, brother, by the by – for Watson went straight into nursing Lestrade’s poor wife, and I have been much at the Yard: I was endeavouring to clear a few outstanding items away for Lestrade, that he might be able to take a little leave. But in any case, I am not like to have read it, for it is much more Watson’s field than mine. Now I remember though, in the telegram Burns Gibson sent him, he mentioned that it was to be a felony to have to do with a child under thirteen and a misdemeanour to have to do with one under sixteen.’
‘Not a friend,’ was his reply, one which surprised me. He looked up at me. ‘I do not call many ‘friend’, Holmes. He was my patient, and I cared for him in due form. That is all, believe me. If you wish to come, I will not gainsay you, however. You are a good fellow, after all, and I know that you are sorry you misprised him at first.'
'You should be grateful to your fiancée also,' I told him, partly to deflect his too effusive praise of me. 'She grasped her rôle in the performance immediately, understood the importance of my instructions and obeyed them to the letter. Had she been a different sort of woman, all might have miscarried, but she is a strong, resolute and faithful character, and will be a wife to be proud of. Had it not been her brother who was the villain, I might have taken her even further into my confidence, but although I had no doubts as to her entire integrity, it would have been too much to ask her actively to participate in the apprehension of her brother: I would not so wound her feelings for the world - although I am afraid when all this does come out they will be sadly wrung. Will you go to her and enlighten her now, Mr Phelps? She will not even be aware, poor girl, that her brother has left the house for good, let alone under what painful circumstances. Watson might go with you, I think, if you would be so good, my dear fellow? And would you entrust me once more with the treaty? I will ask no fee from you for my services, but I confess, I should like to restore it to your uncle myself.'
Phrenology is the pseudo-science of reading character from the shap of the skull. Lombroso was a celebrated criminologist who was largely responsible for the hereditary theory of crime.
‘Indeed. I do not underestimate the importance of the case. We must set other things aside for a time. What can I do for you, Holmes, to further your investigation?’
‘Of course I will not.’ I replaced my violin in its case as Watson bounded through the door: I had no case on at the moment, and had been whiling away an idle hour with improvising on a theme by Paganini, trying if I could outdo the great master in intricacy. It was becoming a frequent solace to me, for Watson was much occupied with his hospital work, and cases were thin on the ground in this first month of the new year. ‘I did not much like Treasure Island, it is true, but one may hope for better, certainly; moreover one should not dismiss an author because some of their works do not please one. What it is about?’
‘If ever I am to meet him, I shall honour him for that kindness. He did justly by you, Sherlock, for he need not have acknowledged you.’
‘I prescribe a glass of sherry for you before we go out, in that case,’ I told him. ‘And I am sure I shall not find the Mikado at all disagreeable.’
The following morning I arrived at the Post Office to find a telegram from the night before, and a letter. The telegram was indignant and to the point:
The riots had culminated in Bloody Sunday - a dies irae indeed, the thirteenth of November, when ten thousand marchers had journeyed to Trafalgar Square, where they, and a greater number of spectators, had clashed with police, who were drawn up in ranks, armed and prepared to receive them, and with infantry troops of the British army, their bayonets fixed. There were cavalry troops also, although it was said afterwards they had been ordered not to draw their swords. In the ensuing turmoil there had been many injuries, although who had suffered the brunt of them depended on which political organ was reporting the shameful events. Myself, I inclined to think that the middle-class leaders of the marchers - William Morris, Annie Besant, and Shaw among them - had escaped lightly compared to the poor Irish and Londoners, upon whom the full fury of the authorities had fallen.
He kissed my hair. 'I will not hold you even by a thread, Sherlock. But I beg of you to be generous in your turn. Do not harm yourself more than - ’ he paused a long while, and I lay against his breast half-sorry that I understood myself to have been licensed to do what I would and more than half-ashamed that I exulted in my liberty. 'Do not harm yourself more than you must. And if you must, I beg that you will not conceal it from me.’ I felt him swallow hard. 'Bear with my grumbling, and I promise I will not complain more than I must. But if you care for me, do not conceal what you do.’
‘That is that then.’ He shrugged. ‘Doctor Watson, I bid you to take good counsel and guard yourself and Mr Holmes, for although they aim at you more specifically on this occasion, it is both of you they seek to destroy. I have done what I can with this, but my power is limited; already if it is questioned whether I have seen such a denunciation, I must lie that I have not, or say I destroyed it, and bear the consequence. And if there is another, it may not come to me. You might – you might perhaps speak to Mr Mycroft Holmes, to see if there is anything he can do. I will say good day to you both now: I must be on my way. Pray call in at the Yard tomorrow, Mr Holmes: do not be a stranger. We are always pleased and honoured to see you there, Sir. And Dr Watson, if I might trouble you to bring in the most helpful notes you took from today – I should be grateful for anything else you can tell me, or to hear any further thoughts you have had. Good day to you, gentlemen.’ He tipped his hat to us and turned. ‘Until tomorrow, then.’
‘John.’ I went willingly as he guided my head to rest on his shoulder. His arms closed about me, warm, strong. ‘Yes.’
It was as well she was attentive, for after I had seen him improving, I could barely stand to be in his presence, so great was my guilt and shame. I knew him to be less accustomed to drugs than I – my constitution had withstood them for a good many years, after all, and I saw no reason why it should not continue to do so – but he had struggled with morphinism as a soldier, and it took less of the substance to have an effect on him. And yet, I had encouraged him to experiment, myself had mixed the dose that could have killed him – doubling it – doubling it on the strength of a few published papers and an assurance that it would do no harm. I could not fail to accuse myself of the most shocking and wicked negligence. As a scientist, I should have known better than not to test a colleague’s hypothesis – as a friend, I should have tendered him more highly than myself, and never increased his dose in so careless a fashion.
I did not find Ross, my principal in the case, a sympathetic figure. He was inclined to treat me as a mere functionary, an adjunct to the police; moreover he appeared to think that I could solve John Straker’s murder and return his horse with nothing but a snap of my fingers. For myself, from the moment I had seen the envelope made out to William Derbyshire, and a receipt for what must have been a very handsome costume of dove-coloured silk with ostrich feather trimming, the suggestion of an alias and a second life sprang immediately to mind. One look at Mrs Straker, thin, haggard with more than the recent horror, her hands bearing the marks of hard work, and her dress plain almost to austerity, decided it: this poor woman had almost certainly never worn silk in her life.
‘I am no despoiler. I remember Minnie,’ he said. His voice hardened, became fierce. ‘I will not be my father. I swore to myself, an oath I hold most sacred, that I would never be my father. I have guarded my body and my thoughts, and my words all my life. I will not, Holmes. I will not be who he was. Consent: I will have consent to any loving act, or there will be no act.’
He came to me, knelt beside me, and bared his left arm to the elbow. ‘It looks strong enough, does it not? But if you were to examine the bone, you would soon feel a bump in it. He broke my arm, and it set just a little crooked. There were other incidents: I have the scars. He was violent when he was in his fits: we tried, all of us, to get away, but he would hunt us down. I was twelve when that happened – my arm. My brother struck him for it, and received the beating of his life: I thought my father would never stop, with my mother sobbing pitifully, and imploring him to be kind, that we loved him, he was not to hurt us. It was soon after that that Harry left us, swearing he would never see our father again.’
Watson was not pleased that I was working with Dupré again: he thought the man a bad influence on me, since he had offered me drugs. I had diminished my morphine use to an occasional dose, supervised by my good doctor, when sleep proved very elusive, and I was weary to the point of exhaustion, yet could find no rest. He grumbled at the telegram summoning me to Westminster Hospital, insisted on accompanying me to see Dupré for the first occasion of our collaborating, and hovered at my shoulder with a bulldog air of protection. I read a stern ‘no opium’ in his eye, and so, quite clearly, did Dupré, who was at pains to assure us both that he had given up the habit. In the end, Watson made the unfortunate man nervous enough for his hand to shake, so I chased him away to his young patients at Barts, lest he precipitate some dire chemical catastrophe upon us.
Watson expostulated, seeming to offer comfort and reassurance, for he laid his hand gently on the other’s arm, and spoke. His voice was clear and distinct, and its import sent my mind reeling.
‘When I was eleven, there was a summer’s day when there was a great bustle about the house: some rooms were redded up, and fires were lit, to drive away the damp. My tutor summoned me in the morning, and informed me that my mother and father would be visiting, and that I was to be on my best behaviour, for my future depended on how well I should acquit myself. They came at last in a grand carriage, and I stood in the hall, to watch my mother carried in on a chair. For the first time, I saw a face like the one that had looked back at me from the panes of a bookcase – there were no looking glasses in the house, so I had only a dim knowledge of my own appearance. She was a beautiful woman, John, imagine this colour of hair, but long and flowing, my shade of iris, but the eye huge, speaking, and thickly fringed with long lashes, this beak of mine softened and refined into a delicately carved little Roman nose. But even at eleven, I could see that she was very ill, there was no flesh on her slender bones, and her skin had the sickly pallor of one who had suffered for a long time. I learned after that she was able to walk a little: she could make shift to drag herself about, but with great pain, and so she was usually carried. And she was yet a young woman.’
‘Why, Watson, what is this? “We could win you?” ’ I queried. I felt truly savage, irritated, alarmed by his words. ‘You make common cause with these men already? Then I must, will-you, nill-you, be part of the game, since are we not brothers? And you do do good in your way and in full measure. You do more in the free wards than others, you give of yourself whenever asked – why, you may not have a practice with a brass plate, but you cannot deny that we have an increasing number of requests at the door at home, and that you have set up a veritable dispensary and consulting room in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen for our young patients. Why do you judge yourself so very harshly, my dear fellow? There is no need for it.’
Mary, she said, would be welcomed into her own home as companion and governess “for we women must stick together, you know, Mr Holmes, and she has had as hard a time as any, and being an orphan, leads a lonely life. The dear Lord charges us to be kind to the widow and orphan: well, I am a widow, and she an orphan, so perhaps we can go on comfortably together. It will do the children good to have a little teaching and discipline, I shall have someone to have a chat with in the evenings, and she will have a little security in her life, poor young thing.”
‘Wait.’ Memory came flooding back, and with it, pain. ‘Watson, I am sorry. I hurt you, I know, and I should not have told you what I did. It was not that I did not want you, it was that I thought you would be too affected; it was almost too much even for me. When I said that to you yesterday - ’
The weather matched my clouded mood, for I craved my cocaine with an unspeakable, an evilly persistent yearning: thrice, four times, many times a day I was drawn to the case – that same hideous morocco case in which I had kept my morphine – to caress the smooth glass of the syringe, to press a tentative finger against the plunger, even, God help me, to take up the instrument and set the needle to my scarred arm. The loss of the drug was worse than the loss of my morphine: I had never craved its drowsy embrace, its lulling quietude as I did the fierce exaltation of
‘My wife had gone to the theatre. I waited up for her. It was half-past eleven before we went to our room.’
‘May the devil take him, and his dolichocephalic skulls and his well-marked supra-orbital development, and his parietal fissures into the bargain.’ Watson stood at the window, watching Dr Mortimer leave. ‘In the immortal words of Mr Gilbert last year,  the fact that I admire his ruddy countenance does not mean that I like his bloody cheek!’
‘Yes, he was a good choice, since if anything went wrong he could be terrified into silence. There is obviously something unnatural about the whole of this strange and sudden friendship between them. He was coaxed into going down; assiduously wooed over the course of some days. He is not the sort of man to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin, so he must have been picked out from all the other people Garcia met as one suitable for his purpose. Has he one outstanding quality? Indeed he has, he is the very type of conventional British respectability, and the very man as a witness to impress another Briton. Gregson did not even question his respectability, or his account of events.’
Yet when we met Carpenter, at a meeting at Williams’s Library, in Gower Street, I instantly repented ever applying the epithet ‘pale’ to him. We were listening that evening, Watson very attentive, and I rather less bored than usual, to the Russian exile, Nikolai Tchaikovsky, a man who had been part of the Narodnik movement: an active revolutionary, whose experience was worth more than all the boyish dreams of the Fellowship put together. Although I found his views extreme, the man had at least the merit of having had the courage to put them into practice, and his stories of Russian life were engaging and well told. I was, I remember, sitting with my back to the door, and hearing someone open it, I turned round for a moment, and saw two brightly gleaming eyes out of the background of a quietly humorous face. That was my first sight of Carpenter, and in it, I gained a vivid impression of his character: that of a kindly, open man, curious, unafraid.
‘Greek, but not vice,’ he returned quickly, his brow furrowed. ‘Do not call it vice, Holmes. It – it wounds me to hear so many condemned for what harms no-one, and is not anything they may help. If you had read the authors I had, you would know it is not a willed choice. A man is born like that or he is not, that is all. And no, I have not heard that of Gladstone, either. It is women he prefers, or so one hears.’
We did not attend church – by some silent, mutual agreement, we both, I think, recognised it for the hypocrisy it would have been – but on the eve of Christmas, I came into the drawing room to find Watson turning the pages of a Bible, a small, stained volume, its limp India-paper leaves much dog-eared.
‘I do, and I think I am sending you into danger: you must be careful, so that I do not regret it. But all the same, I would sooner you face some savage beast there - so it be not actually rabid - than face what is looming over us here. In truth, it will be a relief to have you gone.’
moreover he is racked with guilt for his own, as he sees it, evil propensities, He is no case for an assize, Judge, but for merciful treatment, the grace of charity, and leave to go about his life as any rejected lover, to settle it how he may and come to terms with his own nature as best he might. Why should the poor wretch’s self-accusation doom him to a penal servitude that might kill him, when he is not a strong man, and by not eating, not sleeping, has reduced himself to a mere shadow already? A man may surely not be forced to incriminate himself, to bring the axe down on his own neck.’
For the next few days, save for our morning bathe, I barely left the cottage, so engrossed was I in our researches. Watson supplied me with a couple of wasps, and two dead bumble bees which he found upon his solitary promenade one afternoon, and I performed delicate dissections to establish their comparative anatomy. I was, in fact, quite fascinated to discover that the thoracic cavity contained no lungs, but a network of branching tracheae. I told Watson this and he laughed, and said ‘No, do they in truth? Here have I been imagining tiny little pulmonary sacs, just like ours.’
'I will not despair. And I will not say that he can never be beaten,' I told him. 'But you must give me time—you must give me time, John! For I cannot, yet, quite see my way.'
. She is in no danger from our client. She flinches from consciousness of wrongdoing, not of wrong done to her. Myself, I fear you may have hit the nail on the head with your animadversion to Moran. I mentioned having known him in India, and there was a – a somewhat -  in her, a consciousness quickly and deliberately extinguished. Well, that is all by the by: I have rambled quite enough. Tell me, my dear fellow, what have you discovered?’
‘Why, though, are you not impatient with me, when I question?’ I raised myself on my arm, reversing our positions so I now bent over him. ‘Why do you not demand . . .’
‘What is your view on the case, Sir?’ Watson said. His tone was abrupt, and his eye fierce. ‘Do you think he merits the penalty – or any penalty?’
‘Not restless as such,’ I said. ‘I simply need, I think, to be active, rather than the passive receiver of another’s actions. To tell you the truth, I do not think I could settle to music if I tried. I am sorry, Watson. I assented without thinking, and am now finding myself repent. I regret my capriciousness, my dear chap. Would you perhaps like to go with another companion?’
It is a mercy to let me die, he tells the Count, for if I live I shall lose my reason and become mad.’
'It must always be an object in me to oblige one as beloved as you, my dear Watson,' I replied, with as solemn an air as I could manage. It delighted me to respond to his gentle teasing - delighted me to see him light-hearted. I had done my damnedest to throw off the cocaine's thrall - oh, I could no longer pretend to myself it was not a thrall: to have pretended to myself would have been to pretend to him, and he was my better self in all ways. I could not be false with him. I had tried, truly tried, to reduce my use of it, and we went on so much better together, were so much happier in consequence when I did.  'Especially over an old friend. Mr Milverton's Marseilles issue is intricate but not pressing: we will let it ripen awhile the better to extract its succulent juices.  Pray let us investigate your letter: sit down with me on the sofa, Watson, and let me have the gist of it.'
‘I thought I knew whither it tended.’ He set his glass aside, and drew me down beside him on the narrow sofa, my head on his shoulder, our bodies entwined. ‘I thought we both knew our ultimate bourne, Sherlock, my dear. Do not you know? We have not spoken of it for a while, but I believed we had agreed, had come to an understanding that -’
Vin Mariani - read the adverts! Everyone swore by it, including Queen Victoria, a couple of Popes, authors (Jules Verne!) & Thomas Edison. Incidentally, in Vienna a young man named Freud has just published a paper ‘Uber Coca’ – On Cocaine – in which he details his own use of it, and how useful it is that it has no side effects worth mentioning.
‘ – you are indeed: I remember the late unlamented Dr Roylott, and our maltreated poker – an impressive feat of yours, there - ’
He narrowed his eyes: the man looked – hard: cold as I had never seen him before. ‘As for double lives, they are always discovered, do you not think? That last business upon which I had the pleasure of working with you, the affair of Wisteria Lodge, is a case in point. While you were unmasking the dictator, I was fortunate enough to be able to unmask an evil of a very different kind - a hidden evil, masked behind a respectable life, and as with Dr Jekyll's, by far the hardest to find out. Still, it was all laid open in the end, and the perpetrators punished with full measure of the law. And that is as it should be: we cannot have corruption at the heart of what purports to be good, as I am sure you will agree.'
March had come in like a lion, bringing the Hope case with it, and went out like one in a series of blustery days, iced by a wind hailing straight from the steppes of Siberia. It sliced through clothing, and restricted Watson to brief sojourns out of doors, from which he returned, blue-lipped and shaking. He was still wearing the threadbare coat, since I had not yet worked out how to replace it without hurting his pride. On the last day of the month, he was in such bad case after his afternoon walk – a solitary walk, for he would not always allow me to accompany him - that I called Mrs Hudson to make up the fire, drew his chair close to it, and ordered hot grog for both of us on the pretext of having a slight sore throat myself. He thanked me, and drank, but it took him a long time to stop shivering, and I could see that he was weary with pain after the cold.
‘You were no coward but only a boy, alone and afraid. As for your Minnie - there would have been no help, when her time came. Or unskilled and rough help. And she was young and too small, as are the girls you try to save in the hospitals. So she and the babe died both. John, come up here. I do not care if this is not manly, at least let me hold you as a brother might. Oh my dear, my dear, I am so sorry.’
‘I do not know why you look so amazed: you know I have no animus against Greek loves.’ He smiled at me. ‘Holmes, your hair is still sticking up like a hedgehog’s spines, just here,’ and he touched my temple, ‘where you were lying against me. And you have a crease down here,’ he drew a line just under my cheekbone, ‘where the seam of my robe has marked you. It will fade. But tell me, why are you shocked, my dear fellow? Is it truly so strange a thing to you that one man can love another? In China, they call the love of one man for another ‘the passion of the cut sleeve’. There is so much poetry in that, such beauty. I envy their freedom, do not you? Of course,’ and I thought he sighed a little, ‘you say you are not a man who sets great store by love. What is it you said to me once? “Love is an emotional thing, and anything that is emotional is opposed to that true, cold reason, which I place above all things.”’
The silence lengthened and lengthened. Eventually, Gregson stood. 'No.' I could see how much it cost him to make the decision. The “not yet” was palpable in his “no.” 'I make no charge. Not on the basis of the letter alone.'
‘You speak of your sister.’ He had moved to the sofa; I followed him. ‘May I sit with you? My dear fellow, I know it. Your life is an expiation. But you are too hard on yourself: you were too young to understand what was happening until it was already too late, too powerless to effect change, too – let me say it – too beaten down yourself to rebel. You tell me that although I use reason, my heart guides it. Watson, you have a heart more tender than any I know. Let reason comfort it now, that it may be kinder to itself and to you.’
‘May I venture to ask if there is some fair creature who keeps your heart?’ enquired Carpenter, his tone light and casual. ‘A future Mrs Watson, perhaps? It would be well worth the winning, that heart, I think.’
‘It is no wonder.’ He took my hand, as if I had been a child, led me to the sofa, and made me lie down on it, covering me with a blanket once I was reclining. ‘Here, sip your brandy. Now, Holmes, my dear fellow, I shall sit here, on the floor, with my back to you, so you can listen to me, but I shall not embarrass you by looking at you, and we shall just have this out very plainly and simply. Whatever you appear to have been told about that act commonly designated as self-abuse is incorrect. It is a natural thing, as men mature, for the male member to become aroused at times, and natural for it to wish to spend itself in release. In the marital relationship, of course, there is mutual agreement between husband and wife, and there is, or there should be, pleasure for both from the desire and the action, which need not, if the couple does not wish it, lead to procreation. Malthus, you know, was quite clear that indeed it should not always lead to procreation, lest the earth be overrun with humanity. We should read him together,’ he added as an aside, ‘I believe you would be interested.’
I had been lying prone along a roof, hidden from view, and listening through an open skylight to Raymond. I did not know to whom he was talking, only that from the voices, there were three of them, and I dared not raise myself to look into the room lest anyone should catch sight of me. (It was, in fact, a testament to my opponent’s confidence that having chased off a spy the day before he did not think to post guards. He had clearly thought me nothing but a sneak thief, and therefore no threat.) He was conversing quite freely and it took me little time to determine that the diamonds were, as I had surmised, being diverted in the searching houses in South Africa from the unfortunate natives who had pilfered them from the mines. A small proportion, just enough to make all look proper, was returned to the mine owners, and the remainder was parcelled up by the searchers and shipped to Port Elizabeth, where Raymond’s men brought them back to Rosenthal Cronon, who could arrange for them to be cut and finished in Antwerp. The finished diamonds were then, it was clear, sold at a discount by Raymond’s company, Wynert, much to the chagrin and financial loss of Julius Wernher and Jules Porgès et Cie. As a scheme it was both ingenious and simple, offering little in the way of risk – for no violence was required – and much gain.
I had coaxed him from within doors – though he needed little coaxing; an active man when in health, he was wild to be out – on the one sunny morning. I had insisted we take a cab to Primrose Hill, where I knew we would be able to breathe clean air, and although he demurred at the expense, he acquiesced when I reminded him that he had wanted a ramble across the hill, which he would certainly not be fit for if he was jostled along the pavement by every clumsy passer by on the way.
He laughed outright, much to my chagrin. ‘Bless you, Mr Holmes, I have never had a holiday in my life, barring a day or two out at Brighton with Annie when we were courting. When a man has eight children, he has no right to be thinking of holidays, with eight pair of shoes a year to provide, and eight backs to clothe. Perhaps when they are all grown and gone into work we might think of it, but not for many years yet. Although Tom, my oldest, is to be ‘prenticed shortly, and we shall be looking for a petty place for our Sal in due course. I had sooner keep her at home two years yet if I can spare her the work: I do not hold with sending these little girls out at twelve. Fourteen is young enough to my way of thinking, do you not agree, Mr Holmes?’
Our meeting with Baskerville proved fruitful, and I was able to arrange for Watson to accompany him to Devonshire on the Saturday two days following. The errand I had sent Cartwright, the lad from the District Office, on to find that copy of the Times I sought did not prosper. It irked me to have to use one of the telegraph messengers – I found them neither as wily nor as persevering as my Irregulars -  but they could, on the other hand, go where the street lads could not, and more to the point they could both read and write well. I had Cartwright in and questioned him, but he had been unable to trace, in all the London hotels, the cut sheet of the Times from which Baskerville’s mysterious follower had taken the words for his warning. I dismissed the lad with a couple of shillings, however, as he departed somewhat crestfallen at his failure and promised I would call upon him again if I had need.
The mob delighted in the plaintiffs’ approaching downfall – for by the end of the second day it was clear that they would not succeed. The courts were packed each day. William O’Brien, swaggering into the court as if he owned it was cheered, praised, exalted. The lads whom Cornwall and Kirwan had had to do with were coerced before the judge in the mornings, reluctantly sober, and taken away at night to become inebriated in their captivity. Meiklejohn strutted and bragged. The judge made sarcastic comments, the lawyers squabbled, the jury members complained fretfully about the stink of the River Liffey flowing by their accommodation and the odious nature of the evidence to which they were forced to listen. And the newspapers in Ireland reported it all. (There were fewer column inches in England. Those wishing to use the trial to blacken England’s name had less authority over what its press reported. And what was reported in England was referred to as the ‘Dublin Affair’, making it firmly an Irish problem.)
It was a dark summer, 1884. Shortly after Cornwall’s libel trial, he was arrested, as were Kirwan, French, and some others, and charged with the crime of sodomy, on the basis of evidence that had been heard in the libel trial. Kirwan and Cornwall were charged with conspiracy to procure men for immoral purposes as well. The boys to whom we had, eventually, spoken – William Clarke, and Michael McGrane, and another, Patrick Molloy - were called as witnesses. Malcolm Johnston went off to Ireland to stand as a witness as convinced of his own unassailable status as he had been when we met him. Alfred McKiernan and Graham Taylor were kept in custody ‘for their own safety’. Jack Saul was tracked down – not by Meiklejohn, but by Chief Superintendent Mallon of the Dublin Constabulary. He too, like Meiklejohn, had been under suspicion for bribing a witness, on whose evidence he had sent five men to the gallows, and one wondered whether these ‘gamekeepers’ were more venal than the ‘poachers’ they pursued. Watson was thoughtful for days after Jack’s capture. So too was I, for he was a likeable young man, and it would take a hard heart to be indifferent to his charm.
‘It is what doctors do,’ he said, smiling at me. But for all that I did not think any doctor could have cherished and cared for me as he did. It was John himself, not Dr John Watson, who made me feel loved.
‘What, exactly, am I looking for?’ asked Watson. We sat in the drawing room with papers spread out on every surface. ‘Holmes, these sorry rags are replete with accounts of human misery and self-murder. What will distinguish those self-murderers we are looking for from those we are not?’
He laughed at my pedantry, and asked then about some technical issue or other to do with the manufacture of strings for instruments. So the subject of company dropped. He raised it again as we parted for the night after one Sunday that had seen hours of restless pain for him, and hours of impotent compassion for me. He suffered with a stoicism that I admired but which fretted my every nerve with wishing he might take something to ameliorate it.
'John, half the time you forget to ask for your fee from your private patients, or you remit it, "because his linen was very shabby, he had children, and I could not in all conscience ask," or "it was only half an hour of my time and she was hard pressed for money," or "you would not want me to let a child go unhealed, would you, Holmes," and much more to similar purpose. That is why you must do the hospital work, because your paying patients never pay: I swear the whole of poverty-stricken London knows that if it wants healing gratis, it should call upon Doctor John Watson. And that is why, my dear fellow, you will never be a rich doctor, and I am glad you will not, because I do not like the species. I had sooner see you poor, and in your shabby bowler and shabbier overcoat - will you ever abandon that relic, by the way: you could easily afford a new one now - walking the streets of Whitechapel with a bevy of urchins at your tail, than rich in a top-hat, with a carriage and pair taking you to prescribe laudanum and valerian for the nerves of wealthy society ladies.'
‘You do not believe in God, Holmes. I know you do not; you are an infidel confessed. Why, then, submit your judgement to an arcane law designed for a pastoral people, that they should increase and multiply? Even their condemnation of Onan – of which we have spoken before – was designed to prevent the spilling of the life-engendering seed, propagating their race to the glory of their God. What harm does it cause to any, now, when we are not tribesmen competing for power, who a man loves? How can it harm? The prohibition seems to me to be on a level with the prohibition of self-abuse: senseless, a relic of our Puritan and love-denying past.’ He loosed my hand. ‘Come, my dear fellow, take off that hat, let me sit in the corner, and you can rest your head on my shoulder. You have the headache, have you not?’
Whether Dupré wanted more than lunches or French conversation did not occur to me until much later, and by then I had already quarrelled with Watson over him. For Dupré had but one real vice, which was that he, like me, occasionally took a pipe of opium. One evening after working late with him, I succumbed to temptation – that damned morocco case had called me once too often, and I had abstained so long that the beast was growling within me, hungry for what it could not have with Watson, tormenting me with dreams of his mouth, his hands, his – dreams from which I awoke polluted and unsatisfied - and on Dupré’s suggestion I accompanied him to an opium den. What he hoped of me there, once I was subdued by the drowsy reek of poppy, I do not know, but I was habituated to the drug, and the small quantity I took served to stimulate, not to stupefy me. He, more unpractised, was soon overcome, and after calling a cab, manhandling him into it, and depositing him at his house – and into the arms of a manservant who confirmed all my suspicions about Dupré’s nature into the bargain– I ambled home with the stench of opium smoke heavy about me. I had thought I would have time to wash it away, but Watson was awake when I returned. He had clearly worried about my prolonged absence. There was a ruffled track in the carpet, where he had been pacing, the butts of two cigars smoked right down were on the mantelpiece, and a drained glass on the table. He himself was in shirtsleeves and dressing gown, his hair brushed up and dishevelled as if he had run his fingers through it repeatedly.
I could not bear it. It was intolerable, a chain of words tightened round me to chafe and torment. They tossed around terms such as ‘Uranian’ ‘Urning’ ‘Dioning’ with gay abandon, as if to be such a thing were no more forbidden than the indulgence of the more natural urges for man for woman. They pondered the reasons for what they called ‘homosexuality’ (a linguistic, if not a metaphorical bastard of a term) as defined in the writings of one Karl-Maria Kertbeny, of whom I had never heard.
He released my hand and turned away. ‘Perhaps I should suffer from under your eye then. For I cannot take opiates, Holmes, do you understand? When I was – when this –‘ gesturing at shoulder and leg, ‘happened in Afghanistan, I was dosed on opium as an over-indulged child might be stuffed with sugar plums. When I became aware of it, I reduced the dose myself, but it was too late, I had already developed a dependence that it is taking all of my will to combat. I am sure you have heard of such a thing.’
He sighed, and shifted on the sofa, withdrawing from me a little. 'Then he is a fortunate man to be so happily matched with an equal partner, as she is a fortunate woman to merit your praise. It was well done of her, and well done of you, my dear fellow. Where shall we put her photograph? It is the face of a Muse, is it not: Euterpe's very self is she. Those fine eyes, that speaking countenance! Why could not the king have honoured her as she deserved? It was ignoble of him to throw her over, more ignoble even to suspect her!  Well, it was a fascinating case. I shall not write it up, of course, it must wait for another time, when its protagonists have gone beyond praise or censure. I would not have her reputation blown upon by any word of mine for all the world, and neither, I am sure, would you. But shall you tell Lestrade of it? Quite privately, of course? I am sure it would amuse him finely.'
tell you how dear you have become and how unexpected that that has been to a creature who believed he had taught himself not to care and that when you
I would have spoken, but, ‘and damned, dangerous, inaccurate tales into the bargain,’ he went on, and I saw him raise his hand to tug at his moustache, a habit of his when most moved, ‘for this so-called sin of Onan that they so deprecate was without a doubt
‘I think it is quite clear,’ said Watson to me, some days after we had wrapped up the case of Wisteria Lodge. ‘I think it is quite clear what Stevenson has been saying so far, do not you? It is very plain. But is not this a queer, uncanny tale? It could not be more unlike Treasure Island if it tried for a twelvemonth,’
Once Stevenson and Lestrade were seated, and the coffee brought and served, I leaned forward in my chair. Some banal utterances about the amenities of the season and the weather had passed between us, but I felt it was time to turn to matters at hand. Watson had remained standing behind me, his hand on the back of my chair during these exchanges. Strangely, I felt it was a gesture of protection: a lion-like standing guard, and I was comforted and strengthened. Now as I began to speak, he unobtrusively went to his desk, retrieved pen and notebook, and seated himself a little away from us. He would take notes, it appeared: excellent!
‘Come to those later. Meiklejohn is acting on instruction. Have you heard any names that signify as movers in this matter? Any at all?’
‘You imply that he is a devotee of the English vice? It is strange how many are: it has never held any charm for me, however. I hope Stark is careful, although observing them, I suspect he is.’ Watson placed my glass on the end table, then sank down onto the sofa next to me with a sigh part amusement, part exasperation. ‘Oh Holmes, do not, I pray you, look so shocked: you might be a maiden aunt with that prim expression. I went to an English public school, a surgeon’s training college, and was in the army: I have been reminding you of this now for three years and also that there is nothing new to me under the sun.’ He leaned into me, the lightest press of his side against mine and angled the book so it rested across our knees. ‘There, I will see the words clear now. Shall we begin, my dear fellow? The translation I read was badly enough worded to make me certain that the French itself could not be so, given the reputation of the author. I am eager to be proven correct.’ He laid his hand over mine, and turned the page. ‘Will you read for me, Holmes?’
‘No, instead there is hunger, poverty and ignorance,’ interjected Tchaikovsky, dryly. ‘Little use to care for affectional nature if the means of feeding the body is absent. There must be regulation of the means of production, so that all are fed, and none suffer: and this will not come from reformation, but from revolution.’
'I have no mind to anything, John. It is the drug or nothing for me tonight: you must understand that - and I cannot bear it to be nothing. You promised that if I had to take it, you would not grumble: I, that I would not conceal it. See, I am honest with you, therefore keep to your bargain and do not berate me. If you want music, I will play for you: the cocaine does not impede me.'
‘I do. Although I also thought it was rather you did not wish to be away from me. You remarked as much in your preamble.’
He sounded a little weary, and looking at him, I realised he was wearing that air of indescribable forlornity, which I generally associated with his writing not going well. With a pang of guilt and sorrow, I realised that I had ignored him for nearly four days, so involved had I been in my research, leaving him to fend for both of us, and walk the hills on his own. My mind replayed the wistful hope in his tone as he asked whether I would walk with him, and my own dismissive reply. I recollected with pain the steady kindness which had led to my being presented with sandwiches, cups of tea and plates of ham and eggs, and the surly thanklessness with which I had received them. I recalled occasions on which he had hovered near, watching my work, and I had simply bidden him stand out of my light. Now as he sat there, patient and hopeful, still looking kindly at me, l I felt the hot blood of shame rise in my cheeks. I dropped to my knees beside his chair, and laid a hand on his arm.
‘I cannot say,’ she said slowly, her eyes cast down. ‘I – Dr Watson, you ask me a question I cannot answer, and I do not see how it may have a bearing on the subject. Of  course all girls – all women – are made aware of their marital duties, but it is not much discussed before. It is the task of the husband to guide his bride through the  - the w-wedding night.’
I had offered the olive branch: pray God, Gregson would accept it. Watson too had cooled, and a look from him assured me that he would play the game.
‘I have certainly been surprised by Gregson’s actions in London while we were all so busy here. I had wondered why he left it all to Baynes, but clearly he was pursuing other game. And I have been shocked by the depths of his animosity towards – towards Mr Eccles and those men l-like him, whose affections are given to men.’
‘That reflects more on your loyalty than your common sense, my dear Watson. We are here: now, pray do not speak. I said, did I not, that this is a queer club? There are many men in London, you know, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows. Yet they are not averse to comfortable chairs and the latest periodicals. It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and it now contains the most unsociable and unclubbable men in town. No member is permitted to take the least notice of any other one. Save in the Stranger's Room, no talking is, under any circumstances, allowed, and three offences, if brought to the notice of the committee, render the talker liable to expulsion. My brother was one of the founders, and I have myself found it a very soothing atmosphere. But hush, for we are inside the portal.  Silence here is as the edicts of the Medes and the Persians: an inexorable and immutable law.’
‘Go then, prepare for the night,’ he said, and his lips brushed my cheek this time. ‘I shall come to you when I have seen all tidied away here, and the fire made safe, and I will hold your hand, Sherlock. I will hold it all night if it will comfort you, my dear.’
‘When do you go?’ His tone was light, but his brow was still creased. ‘Must it be soon? Imminently?’
An unusual departure, the tragic ending, did you not think, for Gilbert and Sullivan? But the music was beautiful.’
Now that is ridiculous, in fact, since sugar in sherry has no such effect, not to mention being the ruination of a fine amontillado or palo cortado. He then produced from his bag, we are told, a Dundee cake, and some crystallised fruits, which were shared out. Now you, Stevenson, contended, that since all shared in these, they could not be the vehicle for the poison. But mark what Lamson does next. He produces, from his bag, a small packet of the new-fangled gelatine capsules, which are coming into use for delivering powders: while these may easily be prised apart, filled and re-closed, thus encapsulating any unpalatable powder within, the process of deglutition renders the gelatine flexible and soft, it further dissolves in the acids of the stomach, and the drug thus delivered is imparted to the system without –
‘In his club? What club does he belong to?’ He knew I was attempting to distract him. Mycroft and his doings were of little interest to him compared to what we had just discovered, but he could not bear, I thought, just then to contemplate the enormity of what had been done to us: his mind would shy away from it, in all its bitter implications, whether he willed to fix it or no.
'Because there are many ciphers which I would read as easily as I do the apocrypha of the agony column: such crude devices amuse the intelligence without fatiguing it. But this is different. It is clearly a reference to the words in a page of some book. Until I am told which page and which book I am powerless.'
‘And yet? There is doubt in your eye, on your brow, John. You do not wholly believe what you have said, do you?’
‘Of course,’ I nodded in response to his raised eyebrow. ‘You need have no fear, Musgrave, he is the soul of discretion. And here is our tea.’
Watson, I am very much afraid, rolled his eyes at me in exasperation at the prospect of another trip to Surrey - he had found Phelps an anxious, if not a wearing, companion, it was clear - but he acquiesced readily enough.
'It is thanks to you I did not go alone, Holmes: had you not brought to my attention the peculiarities of Emma Smith's case, I would have rushed there forthwith: when have I ever rejected an appeal for assistance? And having rushed there forthwith, I wonder if I might not, perhaps, have been found by a colleague bending over a too recently dead body. Blood - there was blood everywhere: she had bled profusely, so that there was almost complete exsanguination. I thought I was accustomed to it, with the damn army, and doctoring, but seeing that - the wanton, savage destruction! My God, it was a veritable blood bath. Two instruments had been used: one a broad blade - a bayonet, or dagger; the other smaller, like a penknife. Or like a scalpel. Where is that damn brandy?'
‘If, as you say, Watson, it is wrong to take a life, even when under orders and fighting for your country, then you must consider what you do now,’ I told him, desperately trying to construct some argument that would lighten his burden. ‘You say that perhaps it is wrong to take life for life: the death penalty is harsh, and should, perhaps be re-considered, although for myself, I cannot see what else might deter the assassin. There are crimes committed in inadvertence, it is true, or in an excess of ungovernable passion, or even from desperation, when some poor long-abused cur turns and savages the hand that hurts them: for those perhaps some lesser penalty, some chance for making amends could be offered. But there are murders deeply thought out, Watson, plotted long, committed with the utmost cruelty by men – aye, and women - remorseless and vicious. For these, I will still maintain that life should be forfeited. But if you believe in a lesser penalty, in restitution, and recompense, in making amends or in forfeiture of goods as in the olden days, when wergild was paid, then let that be your own solace. You have killed in the service of your country, yes, and under orders. But you have paid a heavy price, my friend, and you pay it every day. You have paid in pain, and illness, in poverty, and loss of career. And you do make amends. You make amends every day, my dear fellow, when you heal and help those who are helpless. Let that be your restitution, and I pray, let it be your solace also.’
‘I hope you will never be anything but honest with me. But I will prove it to you, Watson, and then you will be sorry that you doubted me.’ It pained me that he was no hotter on the trail, that he held back from conviction. He had supported me so eagerly before, yet in this he was lukewarm, uncertain. ‘And I do not believe there is no stain on his character: there are certain leads I am following which I am not yet willing to disclose . . . Only trust me, I beg of you.’
Snippets of quotes, for those who like to hunt them, from: Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Mansfield Park, Midsummer Night's Dream, Bleak House and a paraphrase from Stoppard's 'The Invention of Love', a play about A E Housman's unrequited love for Moses Jackson.
and vows that he will right the wrong he has done to his friend. He arranges their escape, and dies defending them, sacrificing himself nobly for their freedom and happiness.
‘I was distant because I felt you might think less of me, the poor and ineffectual son of an incestuous father, a wife-beater and a drunkard. The brother of a suicide, for effectively it was slow suicide, and an addict. And then Minnie – there are those who would blame her. And so I gave you the chance to draw away from me, and it seemed to me, when you no longer invited me on cases, that you had taken it.’
‘ – and I beg that we will continue not to speak of it, Mycroft: I can think of nothing more productive of an acute sense of
‘Not just acceptable but imperative,’ he grunted, for he had caught me under the arms and heaved me inelegantly back onto my couch. ‘Lie there, and I shall bring you your breakfast. You must eat and regain your strength.’
We parted at ten, he with a bright face and buoyant step, and I with an ache in my heart. If I were not a man, my treacherous mind whispered to me . . . if I were not a man, or if he were a man such as I, we might have had all of this and more. I could have smiled with my heart in my eyes, not dipped my gaze lest I betray myself. His hand might have rested on mine, or my head bowed to his kind shoulder as we sat close. Our mouths might have met, gently, caressing, our bodies touched, and then, ah then, were I not a man, there might have been fiercer, sweeter joys, the joys I knew of only from Ovid and Juvenal, and Catullus . . . joys I had never thought to want. Joys I had despised.
I twitched the newspaper from his grasp and sat beside him. ‘Do abandon that rag, John. I cannot bear to see you with anything of Labouchère’s in your hands: the man is an abhorrence. Come, sit with me. We are in our own home, surely we may be a little careless? I have not held you this age. And Mycroft believes Pigott has acted alone to slander Parnell, he is not confederated with our quadruply-headed hydra. But for the Times to pay one thousand seven hundred and eighty pounds for a letter supposedly written by Parnell to Patrick Egan, the Fenian, a letter that has Parnell writing that although he regrets the accident of Cavendish's death, he cannot refuse to admit that Burke got no more than his deserts at Phoenix Park in ‘82, and being stupid enough to sign it “Yours very truly, Charles S. Parnell" is ridiculous. The newspaper should have known that it was, as Parnell described it, a villainous and barefaced forgery. And besides, when we investigated, we found it to be impossible that Parnell had been complicit. There are those of his entourage who encourage violence, but he does not.’
The storm broke on Sunday night with perfect torrents of rain. I flung my window wide, and let the breeze wash out every hint of the days’ foul heat. Towards dawn I fell into an uneasy sleep, from which I roused, not refreshed, but at least more determined to make progress in my investigation. I called first at the Post Office, of course, and to my delight there was a letter endorsed to my alias in Watson’s neat, distinctive hand as well as a telegram. I took them at once to the Zoological Garden, where I found a bench that was not too damp to sit upon and read them.
‘I do feel better,’ I admitted, ‘I do not know how it is, but I am so much happier when you are looking after me, Watson. You have the gift of making your patients feel protected and cared for.’
‘When she returned from Cannes with Lord Durham, she was dreadfully thin. Haggard and gaunt, as if she had not eaten for days. Her sister said she complained of not sleeping. When Lord Durham persuaded her from the ball at which her behaviour so shocked us, she could not be induced to put on a coat against the weather, and he was forced to wrap it round her while she stood passive, and looked nowhere but wrung her hands, and flinched from him, and cried and laughed together.
‘As much as any imperfectly schooled girl can, Mr Holmes. She had an English schooling, with French, and a little German, and all the common accomplishments of girlhood. She wrote a pretty hand, and was fond of corresponding with friends; there was never anything strange in her then. She played the piano well, and until she came out into society was well-regarded as a young actress in our amateur theatricals. I have seen her give a convincing rendition of her chosen part myself. And I cannot think, no matter how these men try to convince me, that she had any seed of insanity in her. She was in every respect, a girl as other girls, if more scrupulous about the forms of religion than some.’
‘I’m thinkin’ it’s more than to do wi’ that, Mr Holmes. French is a poor fish, lily-livered and limp-wristed, an’ he’s not got the spirit to fight. They’re after bigger game – aiming at the English around the Castle: they hate it worse than poison.’
For the first time, Watson appeared ill-at-ease. ‘It is not, in fact, Holmes. It is an exposition into astronomy, in which Thompson is also interested, a disquisition upon the ephemerides, or way of calculating the position of objects in the heavens. He mentioned it to me and  I asked him to procure tickets. You know – I believe you are aware that I have always loved the stars, ever since Afghanistan, when I first – I suppose I first truly observed them, so beautiful in their serenity, so bright in night’s velvet compared to our darkness. It is not just their beauty, but – but their permanence, perhaps, the magnitude of their ignorance of us, our smallness in the face of the immense universe. I am not – I am not a religious man, but - ’
‘I am an invalided soldier, and a part-time doctor,’ was the reply, ‘I do not consider myself a worth-while match for any woman. I am quite content – quite happy – sharing a house and company with Holmes here. We suit each other well, do we not, my dear fellow?’ and he crooked his arm for me to take it, unconscious of the amusement and encouragement that that wretch, Carpenter was telegraphing to me with gently smiling eyes. ‘Our dear, kind landlady cares for all our material needs, and for the rest, we look after each other, as good comrades-in-arms must.’
‘You cannot ever wait,’ he grumbled, but his tone was fond, and I heaved a sigh of relief. I was safe. He would not go. ‘You will not. That is our problem in its entirety.’
‘You are tired, and the world looks grey to you. We have not begun to fight yet, Watson. Yes, I underestimated the speed with which he retaliated: it is clear he has ways and means of finding things out that I did not expect. I know now, and shall not be so careless again. And we are clear of all imputation of evil: no-one would believe him if he said anything. Trust me, it will come right. We shall win.’
‘No,’ he sighed, releasing me (he had been looking into my face, his hands on my shoulders all the while I had been speaking) and turning to pick up the damaged board, ‘no, you do not in the least see, my dear man, and that is not the least part of your charm. What a fellow you are, Holmes. How is it possible for a man to be so wise and so simple, so erudite and so innocent at once? Pray send out your message at once, for if Dupré does indeed have quantities of this stuff, and it is all as volatile – good heavens, this board, which I now perceive, by the way, to be our new breadboard, is split quite through as well as burned, and I do believe the lower window pane is cracked too, so we will have to tape it until the glazier can be called –  he is in sore need of your warning. Then let us clear up this little experiment, and settle in for a cosy evening. Or better still, Holmes, do you tidy up the mess in here, and I will deal with Mrs Hudson about the window – at least the chair is not damaged – and summon a boy to take your message. Certainly we cannot have the whole of Westminster hospital reduced to rubble, or we, not the conspirators in this case, will be for the long drop or the gaol. Write your note for me now, my dear chap, while I go and wash my face, lest my tears lead Mrs Hudson to think me grief stricken for no cause. And do not take it amiss that I laughed. It is only that I am happy – happy, Holmes, when for so long I thought I might never be again, after the war. There are times here with you when I feel like a mere heedless boy again, or the carefree, playful child I was never truly able to be.’
‘That much I know from the work he has involved us in: it is clear to me that he holds a position of some magnitude, both from what you have intimated, and what Lestrade has told me. His inertia is not real then.’
‘I must be.’ I wanted to cling to him, to embrace him and never let go, to fold him in my arms, to sleep twined with him, our bodies bared to each other, our hearts beating as one, so precious now our intimacy seemed, so dear, so desperate, so threatened. So impossible. But I must play the man – at least to outward seeming, and so must he. We shared a bed that night – I beneath, he above the covers, my head on his shoulder, his arm about me. I lay quite still, quite still, so that he should think me sleeping, and he too hardly stirred, barely heaved a sigh. But in the morning, I saw that neither of us had slept, for dread, I think, of what might come.
