Extremis could fix his ear. Maya had shut off his ability to heal rapidly, too, or else he wouldn't be bleeding, wouldn't be hearing that sucking whistle every time he breathed. He'd given himself the heart of a super-soldier, but apparently the heart of a super-soldier wasn't all that resilient.
"I'm making you head of R&D," Tony says.
There's an engineering function called a bathtub curve—a decreasing slope describing early failures, a gentle leveling for the random failures that occur even in a product's prime, and then a steep rise as the product reaches the end of its lifespan. There are ways to flatten a bathtub curve, extend the sweet spot, anticipate failure; stress screening can reduce infant mortality, all those early failures of a system; exotic materials and construction techniques can lengthen the lifespan; a very gifted engineer—an engineer like Tony—can begin to account for some of those 'random' failures with the intuitive foresight a mere computer can't match. If you look at the entire system of superheroes as the product—
"Ah, you
"It's the cycle of promising to get better that's the hardest to deal with," continues Sue, who sounds like she knows something about addicts. "But no matter how hard they try, alcoholics always manage to make everything about themselves."
And then Friday says, "Need some time to yourself, boss?"
POLASTRI: My name's Jane Polastri, and my question is… I'm sorry, I can't resist… who's your favorite Avenger?
"I'm going to flinch," he tells Steve.
"Are you making a masturbation joke?" Tony says. "Am I hearing you stoop to a masturbation joke?"
"We should have talked sooner," says Steve.
He doesn't even have to have the armor. If someone's cracking his mind, all they have to do is send an instruction for him to poison Steve's breakfast. There's half a dozen household products that would work, and Tony has the makings of half a dozen more in his workshop. Methanol, drain cleaner, dimethylmercury. He probably has some antidepressants stashed away that would do the trick in high enough dosages.
Steve's crouched in front of him, echoing Maya's earlier posture. Why couldn't he be haunted by Happy? He's been quietly, faithfully, desperately in love with Steve for years, but sometimes Steve is an asshole.
He would've been in there with them, once. He would've been in there, with them, leaning against the counter, cracking wise and drinking coffee and explaining the Saturn V to Steve, who was interested in the space program to a degree improbably aligned with Tony's worst fantasies. What had happened to him? He'd used to have dreams like that, dreams about putting colonies on the moon, dreams about humanity's future among the far-flung stars. Now his dreams are all about survival.
"No, but I think you know things about how Rogers and his group operate that you aren't sharing. Maybe it's time someone asked you why the hell you're doing this."
"Or torture victims," Friday agrees. "Not much of a difference in this case."
"You know I'm an alcoholic," he says.
"What are you so afraid of?" Steve says. That's the rub with Steve—he always sees too much of Tony, and never quite enough. It's Tony's fault, but there's no way to translate the hundred-thousand intricate processes in his head to speech.
"No, I'm serious," Tony says, sincere in his belief that his favorite fucked-up story is far more fucked-up than Steve's favorite fucked-up story. Steve prefers the term 'tragedy,' but they both know they're talking about the same thing. "Ulfius tells Uther about this guy called Merlin, and he promises Uther he'll track down Merlin if it's the last thing he does. So Ulfius goes off adventuring, and he finds an old beggar by the side of the road, and the beggar asks what Ulfius is looking for."
"I'm sure." Stevie sets the kettle down, braces her right hand against the countertop, and swivels her hips so she's facing Tony. Tony takes an automatic step back, aware that she's too close. "I can tell," Stevie continues. "You know how your mark—" She catches herself, and says, apologetic and not a little rueful, "Sorry. Guess you wouldn't know. Not like I'll ever meet her, anyway. The odds are against me on that one." Because there are so many people in the world, she doesn't say, and so few of them have soulmates. Because
"You know, sometimes I wonder if you realize how much better it makes me to be around someone who pushes me like you do. You make me see things in a new way, make me take stock of all my assumptions. And then you go and do something like this, hide away because you think you know what's best… I don't know if I can take it. I just don't know."
"Colonel Rhodes is calling, boss."
did you hit me with?"
STARK: That's fine, let 'er roll. Do I get naming rights?
79872341.10993.14
"Maybe I oughta be a smartass more often, that's the kind of treatment I get," Steve adds. His hand is on the side of Tony's neck, his thumb on Tony's jawline; it feels nice, very nice.
"Ma'am—"
This morning, Senator John Boynton woke promptly at five, spent thirty minutes cycling in his home gym while catching up on the morning's headlines, showered, kissed his wife, and left for work, where he attended his general staff meeting, spoke with two constituents about their concerns over immigration policy, called CNBC News to discuss a recent meeting of the Commission on Superhuman Activities, and sat for the day's Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs hearings. This afternoon, he watched as SHIELD Director Tony Stark took the oath of office that made his temporary promotion in light of former director Maria Hill's abdication permanent. A few hours later, at the reception following Stark's swearing-in, Senator Boynton was led from the Willard InterContinental Hotel in handcuffs.
Eventually, Tony thinks of everything. He thought of this: he thought of this exact outcome, under these conditions, he thought of how the bullet might look as it caught Steve in the sternum, he thought of how Steve would jerk and slump, his great heart still working, still pumping blood out the profane hole punched in his chest. Tony thought of that. He thinks of it often, in color and stereo. He thinks of it so often it's frozen on the backs of his eyelids, a ghost image on a faulty screen.
Tony had been designing handguns long before he'd ever shot them, but men knew how to shoot and Starks knew how to shoot
"Hit," Friday says. She puts a holographic table at ground-level for him. "Converting to local time zone. Kellard expired at 2:30 in the afternoon, Renada at 10 o'clock in the morning, and Norriss at 3:45 in the morning."
"Just one thing," he says. "You should know: this isn't going to get better until it gets worse."
"Friday?"
TS: Uh—
"My current pursuits include playing the stock market and finding rare recordings of early jazz musicians. I am looking into global domination as a side-project."
BIRCH: Ms. Potts has us scheduled for several long sessions, with follow-ups as needed while I work on drafting the manuscript. I'm also going to be posting some sound bites from our interviews on my blog—I usually document my writing process on new projects online. It's good advertising.
"What's on your mind?" Friday asks.
Carol will be there. Rhodey will probably be there, too. They want Tony to speak, to say a couple of words. He has three days to come up with something or to stick his head in the oven, whichever most inspires him. No. He's better than that. He can do better. He's always thought a good way to go would be to fly himself up three hundred miles or so, into low Earth orbit, and slowly replace his oxygen flow with some kind of nontoxic asphyxiant while he takes in the view. Nitrogen, maybe. It's just a What If. Everybody has one.
There was, once, Rumiko.
The greaves hit him first, impacting his calves, and then the boots, building themselves around his feet as he gains five inches in height. The backplate comes next, the chestplate, the gauntlets, and he can't do anything, he can't access his mental uplink to the armor, he can't move his body, all he can do is stand there and take it—
"I'm fine," Tony says. "Whoa, calm down, I've done worse to myself in the shop." But she can't stop Stevie from turning her hand over, a frown settling on her brow as she examines the skin for damage, and Tony's fondness cuts through both her alarm and her self-pity. "What's the prognosis, Cap?"
"Are you going to let them in?" Friday asks.
"Tell the FDNY to concentrate on stopping the fire from spreading," he says. "The Avengers will handle evac. Danvers?"
"It gets worse," Tony assures him. "In the morning, Igraine learns that her husband died the day before, and even though she's grieving, she marvels over those last few hours, you know? And after an appropriate amount of time, Uther sends Ulfius to Igraine with an offer of marriage, and Igraine accepts, because that's how things worked back then, I guess. After they've been married a while Uther asks who her baby daddy is, and Igraine says, you know what, that's weird because my husband came to me when he should've been dead, and Uther says: boy have I got some news for you."
TS: On account of the swearing?
SR: I handle the field, Tony takes care of logistics and support.
"You made me into a murderer," Tony says.
There's a riot of daisies on the windowsills. Most of them are from Tony. The other flowers, the roses and carnations and baby's breath, are from other Stark Industries employees, from Happy's friends, from the boys down at the club, from family.
The original control suite for the Iron Man was almost entirely mechanical; Tony moved, and the armor responded. There were triggers based on all kinds of miniscule actions, an HUD that responded to eye movement, verbal sequences that would fire the jet boots, electronic nerve commands that would prompt the palm repulsors. Later, as his designs grew more sophisticated, he built in a cybernetic sensor array assisted by a limited artificial intelligence: the armor started to respond not to
Tony was always careful, he'd been so careful, he'd never looked twice at another boy because when you like girls too it's easier to like girls. Even if you fucked a man, you didn't fall in love with him, because… he used to know the answer. You didn't fall in love with another man, because real men didn't. That craven, hot shame that rose from his father looking at him and
BOWMAN: We've explored other options. This makes the most sense for widespread release. We can pursue more tailored applications later.
"The island proper."
TS: We should say a few words.
JK: Who?
JV: I hope you knew while you were still alive everything I want to say now. How much I respect you. How much I value our friendship.
Happy looks at Pepper. Pepper puts a hand on her hip and opens her mouth.
"You really think talking is going to solve anything?"
This is the exact moment when it all breaks down. This is the instant in which Tony Stark understands there may be nothing left to repair, that he cannot win through aftermath damage control, that he cannot have his way and salvage the wreckage later. This is not salvageable. There's no saving it.
DAEDALUS: Yes.
"Can you run a trace from the satellite?"
Presumably there is a long line of Stark men marching back into the paleolithic with rocks glasses and decanters and snifters and tankards and chalices and skins of liquor caught in their hands. Presumably Tony is just one more cog in that grand machine of weakness. He can't say. Howard Stark was an alcoholic, and Tony Stark is an alcoholic, and any children he has might be alcoholics, which is one reason but not the only reason he'll never be a father.
"That he would resist?"
"As long we both remember that. Should I send a response?"
BIRCH: Let's start with Ms. Potts, then. She's your personal assistant—
STARK: Mostly it's Steve pulling me out of trouble, let's be honest.
"Looks like," Friday says. "Three hours remaining on armor lockout. The Avengers are still containing the situation."
"As attractive as it is to imagine that I orchestrated this whole situation, even I can't summon funding for a new law, build it, and launch it without help."
Steve's staring, wide-eyed, fist still extended, like he can't believe they went this far; but then his expression sinks back into that graphene stoicism, that all-American bedrock repression beneath which is only anger.
"I won't lift the probation," Cap says.
Once upon a time, Tony bled for his art, first red and then gold. Now he's necrotic—fluidless and brittle. He doesn't bleed. Dead men don't. And worst of all, they've pulled him out of his coffin, so he's left without a way to lock all the rot away.
Tony used to have buddies and then one of them got shot in the head and the other got shot in the heart and the only guy remaining fucked off to Camp Hammond because Tony decided cutting Rhodey out of his life was the cleanest, the simplest, and by some measure the best choice.
"Sure, okay, let's go with that argument," Tony says. "What about all the people you dragged with you? Luke and Sue, that's one thing—they both have families, but they'd probably dig in their heels no matter what. Kate Bishop, though? Cloak and Dagger? Firebird? Spider-Man? Actually, scratch that, Peter didn't surprise me. Clint—Clint would jump off a bridge if you asked him."
Tony says none of that. What Tony says is, "Steve. I'm sorry."
He plays golf with the president.
"It isn't. You can't—the changes the enhancile made, that's my body. You can't shut off part of my body."
Steve looks away. It's a tactical retreat, a tacit acknowledgement that he's making the conscious decision to set this topic aside lest he dig his feet in and defeat the entire purpose of the meeting. Tony doesn't appreciate it. He thought they could
"Get me a staff roster," he tells Friday. "Names, shifts, whatever you can. Pull directly from the data spine—the on-site hardware's out of the game."
TS: Quiet, you. Give me an expanded view—
"Dad tried to cut me off once, you know," he says. "Not many people know that, but he got tired of… well. Of all the usual things." Tony smiles. It's a confiding sort of smile. "I was… god, who knows, already in college, but this was before Howard and Mom died. You know what I did?"
"You didn't think it through, Tony," Steve continues. He's relentless in the slow way of massive things. With a long enough lever, Tony could use his shoulders to move mountains.
There's another game he plays, and that game is called What Is. He plays it because he can't avoid playing it; it's a hard game, grounded in the past and the present. It's reactionary and required, useful but not loved. When Tony plays What If, the results are clean; when Tony plays What Is, the results are not.
"I don't trust me, but I trust you."
"Go," Tony says, and then, once the line is open: "Mister Secretary."
At the end, he begs:
God, that voice is relentless. If Friday's talking to him, he'll never hear it over the slow tidal power of that voice. He can no more unhear that voice than a dog can unhear its master's command.
"Which kind?"
SR: Means I get the pleasure of putting up with you.
They reloaded the gun together. Tony lifted the revolver, braced it with both hands, squeezed the trigger. He told himself to stay steady, but before the bullet had fired, he shied back.
"Tony," Steve says again. "Know you don't mean—"
"Be well. Both of you."
Tony breathed in. He breathed out. Slowly, he increased pressure on the trigger. Time went viscous; he squeezed and he squeezed and he squeezed and nothing happened although he knew
"Good," Tony says. "Go. Get. Smack them on the nose with a newspaper if you have to." She leaves, already on the phone before the elevator door can close on her; there's enough time for her to roll her eyes at Tony before she's out of sight entirely.
ROGERS: It occasionally works against us, because the rest of us can't keep up with the way he pulls solutions out of thin air, but when your back's against the wall, it pays to have a conjurer on your side.
The armor stares back at him. Iron Man is everything that Tony Stark isn't; Iron Man is Tony Stark stripped of flaws and weaknesses, of human indecision and human worthlessness, of human limitation and human shame. Iron Man is something better, something more, Iron Man is everything that Tony Stark aspires to be. Iron Man doesn't have a death wish. But there's this: what had he told that kid at Cal-Poly? Post-Extremis, Tony
TS: No problem, I have a backup. Friday?
that rivaled Tony's own yearning. There was something so pure about it, about the late nights they spent earnestly discussing the ways to be make the Avengers into a better crisis-response machine, how to use their newfound celebrity to further charitable causes, how maybe they could inspire others to stand up and
"Dr. Hansen's missiles were successfully diverted. FuturePharm exploded, but not before Colonel Danvers staged a very dashin' rescue. Zero casualties."
Jack says.
PASSIVE MODE //
"And if I don't comply?"
And that's how it goes. Boynton or some other jackal with an agenda starts pushing, and then it's Peter on a lab table, it's Steve being required to give blood samples, it's Carol having to spill all the details about the Kree that are locked in her head and her genes.
Friday, speaking from his phone: "Do I really have to answer that?"
And over and over again, there's one thing Steve came back to. Furrowed in concentration, slack with shock, lit up with anger and with joy—at rest, in thought, with sorrow—over and over again, Steve came back to Tony's face. The range of emotions, the nakedness, is terrifying. Being seen is always terrifying. This is a march of what Tony has tried to excise, all the human flaws and human sins he's learning how to code out of himself.
Sometime in the past few days, Tony has lost operational efficiency. It's probably because he was stripped of his armor, which in one important way was the only thing keeping him upright. He doesn't even have the bright webbed overlay that used to paint his eyes and nerves, and maybe that's one more sign that this is the afterlife. All he knows is that someone has to stop Maya, and Tony gave away his armor and his authority, so now he has to clean up his own mess. It's fitting that he left the armor behind. The armor is dry, hard, clean; Tony is wet, soft, decomposing. The armor isn't messy. This is an organic problem.
BOWMAN: You can't beat the east coast for population density.
It would be so easy.
Steve touches one hand to the crumbling brick. "This used to be home," he says.
Rogers hesitates, and then he pulls off his glove and offers his hand. Just like that, three hundred top-priority processes in Iron Man's head shut down. It can't be that easy. It's never that easy.
"Fine," says Carol. She pivots and falls into step beside him as Hill leads them to a conference room. "Jenn's on temporary leave. Something about a family problem."
BIRCH: Sure, if you want to put it that way.
Danvers responds, and then she grunts. His HUD informs him that she's locked in a fight with Johnny Storm.
Steve is not Tony's first or only love. His most enduring, maybe, or his most painful, the one most deeply rooted, the one he could never quite shake. There's his own ego—Tony Stark's in love with himself, goes the joke—there's his own ideas, there's the things he builds with his hands.
PASSIVE MODE //
Unfortunately, if you want me to provide more context, I'm afraid I have little to offer. This sort of… bio-engineering, or psycho-neural software development, or whatever you want to call it, is far beyond my ability to understand. I can only note that Mr. Stark's current extra-human abilities were self-inflicted, that he was born a "baseline" human, that he does not possess any kind of latent parahuman genes, and that the Extremis enhancile is not the first time he has experimented on, modified, or performed surgery on himself.
Senator Boynton's principal sin was in introducing the Registration Act; his subordinate sins contained the usual litany of greed and moral pliability. In the interest of national security, Tony had contacted the man who was both Senator Boynton's primary donor and the keeper of his secrets and leveraged that into a deal that resulted in Senator Boynton being removed from office and arrested. Tony may have murdered Captain America, but in at least one way John Boynton was an architect of his misery. In removing Boynton, Tony vindicated Steve—
"...I met Doctor Yinsen once," she says. She looks at him, precise, takes him in, and then her gaze wanders away. "Years before you did. We were both presenting at a conference in Bern." She pauses, but not to gather her thoughts; she thinks much faster than she can talk. "He had his son with him," she says.
"He wanted the kid Uther would have with Igraine," Tony says. "He wanted Arthur. So Merlin gives Uther the likeness of the Duke of Tintagel, and Uther rides to Igraine in the night and, looking like her husband, he rapes her."
TS: What?
SUBJECT: Bad PR
STARK: They're my dearest friends. They've seen me at my worst, and they keep comin' right on back.
But there are factors working against them. They're beat all to hell from the breakout, Adam and Monica are clear across the island, half the team isn't even
> TARGET ACQUIRED
Scope is the ratio of anchor rode to water depth. There once was a woman named Maria Carbonell who believed this was more valuable information than any idea put forth in the field of ballistics. With smaller boats you might have a hybrid rode that was made partially of warp to save on weight, but the anchors of larger vessels were made solely of chain. You couldn't wear away at chain, you couldn't worry it until it frayed, you couldn't abrade it until it broke. No matter how much you wanted to cut the chain you were still
"Inventing jag. I'll be fine in the morning," Tony says, because it's better than saying that he's well on his way to never needing sleep again. Steve would worry. Tony has yet to quantify why Steve would worry, but the evidence is persistent; Steve tends to disapprove of situations that lead to Tony modifying himself, although amending a little code would probably be more favorable than surgery. They each give of themselves according to ability, and this is what Tony is able to do: he can make himself better to make them all better, he can plan for a hundred thousand scenarios, he can watch Cap's back, he can future-proof the Avengers. Eventually, Tony thinks of everything.
Carol throws him a sharp glance, checking if he's making the sort of lascivious joke people would expect of the Tony Stark who smirked at the world from the front of the newspaper. No, that gives her too little credit; Carol knows him. Her offense has older roots.
HP: Remember how Steve decided he was going to adopt three teenagers and start his own team of Avengers?
He visits Maya Hansen and finds no absolution, only disinterest.
In the What If, Tony falls asleep. In the What Is, the consequence of sleeping is having to wake up. He's trying to take responsibility, but he can't be responsible for that consequence, for the consequence of having to wake up and find himself still trapped in this terrible new world without even the sanctuary of the armor to keep him separate.
"You said it, not me. Anyway, we both know how to multitask." Tony's a couple of miles up, en route from New York City to Washington, D.C. in acceptance of the beckoning hand of his betters. If he's lucky, he might get to take in a show or two while he's there. There is, of course, a sizable stable of agents of SHIELD in the country's capital, which always comes in handy. Tony's used to having his own private army; that he now commands spies and black ops teams instead of gods and super-soldiers affects his plans less than one might expect.
"Sometimes I wonder how we let you get to this point," Steve says. "How we let you do this to yourself."
JV: He would've wanted that. Maybe not the ice, but… God. I miss him.
"Tony," Norman Osborn says, "I look forward to working with you. We're going to do some great things together."
other person is too many. Some futurists disregard possibilities with low probabilities, but Tony knows better. He plans for every disaster.
"And what was I doing at those times?"
"You've been out late," Steve says. They haven't really talked since Steve put him on probation; that's by Tony's design.
There's Pepper and Happy and Rhodey; there's his company, his legacy, and his image. There's his armor. God in heaven, there's his armor. It's the best thing he's ever done, the best and the biggest, the most beautiful by far, sleek and hard and fast, and Tony loves it in a way he's never loved another piece of himself.
"Two minutes," Friday warns.
And she's right. The armor, the Iron Man, is
. Tony wonders if the kids have been having bad dreams; Valeria had night terrors for a few weeks towards the beginning of this whole mess, and Reed had been a wreck over it.
BOWMAN: Yes.
"I oughta wait it out, but…" Steve shrugs; his massive shoulders imbue the gesture with something more, something monumental and titanic. Or maybe that's just Tony, who has reached the stage of self-actualization where he can admit to a fascination but who will never reach the stage of self-actualization where he can admit to that fascination out loud. 'Fascination' is the wrong term, but language is tricky like that, imprecise. "You off to bed?" Steve says.
"No," Tony says.
Steve taps his tool against the cuff. Extremis was a tool; Maya had given him Extremis, and Extremis could fix this. All those parts of his body that Maya's locked away—
"Thou seekest Merlin," Tony says, and then he goes into his workshop.
"I can't do this anymore," says Tony.
BOWMAN: Something to-the-point, I think.
98732768123.10312.131.2
Is he Arthur, or Lancelot? Is Steve both, or neither? Tony's just the interloper, this has always been Steve's kingdom, but there's also a fairly convincing argument waiting to be made that Tony's in a long-term relationship with his own appetite for destruction. That's his lady love, his Guinevere; anything else is functional distraction.
Rogers refused to compromise, resisted arrest, and has avoided showing his face in public since "Day Zero" of Registration, although NYPD officers say Captain America hasn't abandoned his home city. "We know he's around," says Lydia Matthews, a fifteen-year veteran of the force.
Pepper looks like she knows better.
Tony twists like an unwinding spring and slaps the next blow away. It buys him enough time to put some distance between them.
"It was still negligent." Maybe if she touches it, she'll be able to sleep. Be able to put it out of her head. In Tony's world, knowing is always preferable to not knowing.
her."
He says, quieter still, "Whatever's making me lose time."
soulmate never entered her mark in the registry. Because maybe she's dead. Because maybe she doesn't want me. Tony spent the first twenty years of her life with every
and there's no hope against Maya if he can't think. Were he to pick a time to lie down and wait to die, surely it would resemble this.
No. He's out of tune.
TS: In that case, I "help" with field leadership.
"I know that," Tony says. "Can't you say something useful?"
"Jack—"
"You were late today—"
"Colonel Rhodes is calling, boss," Friday says.
FOR AUTHORIZED PERSONS ONLY
Tony smiles. "I'll make a mental note to flatter you less, if you'd prefer."
"If you think I believe in hell," Maya says, "you're only half as smart as they all say you are." He can hear her even with his back turned, even down the hallway: "Are you proud, Tony?" she shouts. "Are you?
"How did she react?"
The part of his brain still processing information in a productive way skitters ahead impatiently. REM sleep isn't the end goal or even a useful byproduct; there are worse nightmares waiting.
So Tony pours his glass of whisky down the drain. He doesn't lick that last amber drop off the rim. He pours the glass down the drain and then dashes the glass against the floor. It isn't a rational response. None of this is reasoned. It's instinctive—a last eulogy for Tony Stark.
BOWMAN: Don't make it sound like an act of brutality. I'm elevating us.
I'LL FIGURE IT OUT AS I GO.
He invests in Lila Rhodes, mathematics prodigy and engineering wunderkind. She graduates from MIT with degrees in—doesn't matter. EE, mechanical, comp-sci, whatever she thinks will serve her. She's like a sponge, she can always pick up a couple of extra doctorates later on if that buoys her ship. By twenty, she's a VP at Stark Industries, the darling of Research & Development, Pepper's pupil, and Tony's protégé. And here's the great thing about Lila—she's already as fascinated with the armor as her uncle. Tony builds her a suit, and then he watches her build her own suit. By twenty-five she's head of the company, an active-duty Avenger, and a boardmember of the Maria Stark Foundation. They call her Shellshock.
STARK: Regrettably, that's probably at least a few years away. I might have jumped the gun a little bit. Not something I'm known for, I know. We need more testing before we're sure that it's safe for use on humans, and like I said, the delivery method needs to be tweaked.
"You can't save me. I don't need to be saved."
He jerks. Shakes his head. Retracts his attention to the confines of his physical body. Ignores the glitch.
CB: Actually, that's an intriguing idea. I have to finish my definitive account of Iron Man first, though.
Now, currently, he needs that state of clarity more than ever. He's in his workshop; the most recent model of the armor is fully assembled and standing in the middle of the floor in standby mode. Behind it, above it and through it and around it, are a series of holographic models and readouts that tell Tony what he already knows.
"Can I hire her yet?" Tony asks. They're trailing Lila through the Stark Industries exhibition hall. This is where he brings potential partners when he wines and dines them. Nice place, but a little flashy, what with all the history of his father's company packed into one grand viewing gallery. Lila's eating it up. Hell, so did Tony at her age.
"Yes," Tony says. It's pulled out of him. He didn't choose to say it.
TS: Family farms?
"It wasn't meant as an insult," Reed says.
"We aren't sure Barton didn't get himself captured deliberately," Hill says. "He might be trying to make contact with other detainees. And this will take at least a week to set up. Maybe two."
In the pause that follows, he can hear Jack's train of thought:
BIRCH: Tony, do you think he's right?
"Sue," Carol says. "And Luke. What about you?"
JK: I didn't say that.
TS: Stop it. She's my Boswell, stop trying to charm her. He's serious when he says that, by the way.
"Tell me about it. Friday, take us to the sub-basement."
famous, huh?
They're parked six vertical miles from Manhattan. The skyline isn't what it was when he was a kid; he sees it now with the eyes of an adult, the terrible knowledge of someone who understands negative space. The Iron Man is built around an absence.
ROGERS: And you play dumb when it suits you. See, though, right there; you have us watching you conjure with your right hand while the left picks our pockets.
Kooning corrects.
"Good man. Tony, can you get into Ryker's systems and find out who we're going up against?"
SR: That's right. I was trying to sneak back into our HQ one night through some alleys when I turned the corner and almost walked into the back-end of a jeep. Someone had the hood open and was banging around in the engine. Figured he was American—
"Tony, I know you're in there," Steve says. He's breathing hard, a hand pressed to the opposite shoulder, the one Iron Man had grasped to throw him. "I know you don't want to do this."
When they'd put that circlet around his ankle, the world had dropped out from under him. His connection to the armor: gone. Friday, whispering in his ear: gone. That massive net of datastreams: gone.
"Are you thinkin' the delta activity has something to do with it?"
PASSIVE MODE //
CLASSIFIED INTERNAL MEMO
"Kid, you're not going to walk away. I may not have the armor, but SHIELD's on your tail now, and they'll run you to the ground if you try to escape."
I HAVE TO GET THERE.
"Jesus, Tony," Steve says. "When was the last time you slept?"
Tony was eight when his father first poured him a single-malt bourbon and told him it would put hair on his chest. He was eight and he chugged it down like chocolate milk. It hit him hard and fast, his body too small to metabolize the ethanol, but it was worth fighting against his gag reflex for the granite approval on his father's face. He'd have drunk the whole bottle. He'd have drunk the whole cabinet. He'd have drunk until he vomited and seized and became cyanotic. It hit him hard and fast, that golden glow, and that's how he knows he was born an addict; what eight year old swigs bourbon like water?
The worst quality of Tony's, the part he tried desperately to cut out, was that he wanted to be special in Steve's eyes. He had no right to be jealous, to think he had any right to Steve's time or Steve's attention or Steve's regard, knew that he was fortunate to have Steve's friendship full-stop. But he wanted that last moment kept private, not shared with two and a half million people. God, that was selfish.
"Boss," Friday says softly.
Tony emptied the cylinder. "You're flinching," Howard said again. "I told you not to flinch."
BIRCH: Let's go back to the Avengers. There's one partnership that has anchored the team since the very beginning—
He comes back to his senses in stages. Touch first, that's the pressure of his feet flat against the rug and the hard edge of the bedframe at his back (when did he crumple to the floor?), and then smell, the linen scent of bedding and crisp edge of recycled air. Taste: his mouth baked dry. Vision: the floaters from pressing his palms into his eye sockets. And finally hearing: Friday's voice murmuring a count to which his breath is synchronized.
"Fine," Steve says. "But take off the mask. I want to see your face."
"You don't matter," Steve says.
Stevie rolls her eyes. "I'm not going to try winning this one again," she says, and then she opens the cabinet where they keep the mugs, and that's when Tony loses the battle. She reaches up, like she might reach up if she were trying to steady Stevie's balance, and puts her hand over the mark.
TS: You catch on quick, Cap. There's a lot to be said for early adoption of technologies that aren't otherwise stable, and I have the resources to be a very early adopter.
He stops. Reviews. Feels the hot curdle of shame. In the twelve steps, you're supposed to ask a higher power to remove 'defects of character.' Tony fails that step in every waking moment.
The tide of his despair crashes into the wildfire of his anger; the ashes of one meet the shore of the other, and something new comes forth, something molten and righteous and right. Maybe this is what Steve feels like all the time—all that confidence—that fury—
No further questions.
Okay. Tony can live with that; or rather, Tony can die with that.
Someday he won't have to exude the armor because the peptides and lattice will be grafted into his skin—maybe replace his skin altogether. Tony exists on the cusp of transhumanism. He bleeds for his art, first red and now gold.
"Hey, Shellhead," he says.
to him, I can show him the way—isn't that right, Stark?"
His HUD flares to life. Tony can do nothing to stop it. No matter how hard he beats his will against the confines of his body, the program keeps running.
Extremis. He doesn't provide details; the last thing he needs is some infant genius getting enough information to craft an approximate replication.
He creeps forward on his knees. "They're mine," he says.
It was raining, and his pallbearers settled Steve's casket beside an open grave marked by the same plain marble headstone as the next soldier over. Someone, probably the same idiot who came up with the horse, wanted to stick a big statue of Cap right at the crest of a hill and put Cap's body to rest beneath it, but Sam Wilson dug in his feet, a tactic he honed alongside the only other man as stubborn as him. You can guess who flinched first. After that fight, Sam still had the fortitude to stand in front of an entire world and give a eulogy that will surely go down in history alongside the Gettysburg Address and FDR's inaugural assertion that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself as one of the great pieces of American oration. Too bad Sam didn't put his foot down about the horse, too.
That the situation has escalated to such a vicious, bloody state is apparently no surprise to Tony Stark, though, who tonight remarked that "[he'd] always seen this coming."
He winks at Lila. "Thou seekest Merlin."
"Guess you do," Happy says. "If there's anything I can do to help…"
Tony almost gives it up. What's the point? He's never liked asking for help—call it paranoia or experience—but the one thing he wants almost as much as he wants Steve is Steve's moral clarity. Or does he just want Steve's approval? Aren't they one and the same?
"My mark?" Stevie flips the kettle off before it's finished, as impatient as ever, and starts to pour. "Mirrors exist for a reason," she says, wryly. "And no, not really. I like to think she's always right there, just behind my shoulder. Watching my back." She laughs a little. "Guess that's silly."
TS: Classic case. Some people don't deserve the authority they have.
harmful option on the table. It's this or all of us as lab rats—"
. Past and future, meeting only in the present, joined only by the illusion of continuity, the idea that what has happened is related to what will happen. They'll only ever have one moment at a time. In the end, if they ever meet at all, they always meet in the middle.
When they met ten years ago, this was not how Tony imagined their working relationship going. He could fathom Captain America's disregard, Captain America's contempt, maybe—if he was very good, and worked very hard—maybe even Captain America's respect; in those early days, he had discovered in Steve a devotion to building something
BOWMAN: All innovators like to think their work is groundbreaking.
In retrospect, he should've seen this coming. In retrospect, he should see all things coming. His hindsight is perfect, the way he can pick out how he went wrong is perfect, but his foreknowledge is an imperfect thing. Fortunately, Tony Stark 3.0 is on the horizon, a being so well engineered nothing ever takes it by surprise.
BOWMAN: He doesn't either.
"I'm done," Tony says. "I quit."
Tony closes his eyes so he doesn't have to watch the team leave. When he opens them again, Rhodey's still there.
HH: You got it.
"This is…" Lila starts to say.
Tony takes Steve by the arm.
FOR AUTHORIZED PERSONS ONLY
Or maybe he's kidding himself. Those moon dreams were survival dreams, too—at first, in the early days when the Fermi paradox was still debated, a race to populate other planets before humanity destroyed itself, and later, after the Kree and their alien kin were more widely understood, a race to populate other planets before other planets destroyed humanity. It wasn't invasion but expansion; there was room out there for humans, too, and even expansion was no guarantee of survival. Tony had heard stories of the Korbinites.
"Still scanning, boss."
"Yeah, that was really helpful." Every part of him aches. He has sand in his eye sockets, blood smeared on the side of his face. People keep cracking his suits and dragging him out into the bright air.
"I'll keep my eyes open." For a minute there, it's almost like
He'd give every dollar to his name in trade for the words to impress upon Steve why Tony can't yet have what he deserves. If he sits down right now in this hallway to wait to die because it's better than being Tony Stark for one more day, he isn't conceding to a point Steve never had to argue in the first place; he's abdicating responsibility. Steve may have believed that Tony deserved to die, but he believed in nothing so much as taking responsibility. That's what you do. You step up, you step forward. You volunteer to carry the weight. You get tough and chew grit and grow a spine. You take responsibility.
It's after midnight when the elevator regurgitates him into the common living area. There's a low murmur of voices that he takes first for a conversation and then, when he catches the signal with Extremis, recognizes as the TV. Steve is there, on the couch, one bare foot propped up on the coffee table and an open sketch pad on his knee, although he isn't drawing. He has the glazed, directionless stare of a man wholly absorbed in late-night television.
Renada had been linked to multiple terrorist groups through Europe and the Middle East. The FBI believes his extensive organization is responsible for redistributing arms stolen from the United States military to groups including Advanced Idea Mechanics and the Sons of the Serpent.
He crawls into bed.
Twenty feet behind Rogers, Barton's restraints drop free. Cage starts forward to flank Rogers, but Rogers holds up a hand to halt him. Somewhere off to the left is the titantic shudder of Captain Marvel making landfall.
It's a good question. She's asking a good question. Friday likes to stick her nose into things; Tony encourages it as much as he can, because he still thinks curiosity is one of the better personality traits out there even if on a local level it usually ends up being one of his great moral failings. Friday's curiosity, though, that's good—he didn't build that into her, or at least not to the degree of intensity she displays. Someday that curiosity might conclude with her nose getting bitten off, but if there's a better teacher than pain, Tony has yet to invent it.
it was because he'd been
Maya kicks him. He catches it in the ribs and the spine, rolls away from her next blow, and gets his feet under him. Happy taught him that—the importance of footwork.
"I'm tired of that question. You want to know why? Because someone had to keep one hand on the wheel. Because after Stamford, a mother came to me and told me I'd let her son die. Because I don't trust any community that has me as a member to regulate itself. Because my government decided that I have an irreplaceable role in all this. Because nobody else could do it better, and it had to be done."
"Sir," his aide says. "Captain Rogers was assassinated on the steps of a courthouse ten minutes ago."
Because the What If is indulgent and opportunistic, he kills it off. Doesn't think about it again, just gives it the axe as he towels himself dry. He shaves at Friday's urging and returns to the closet, where he chooses a three-piece suit in deep navy with a subtle pinstripe. It pairs nicely with a light blue shirt; he goes bold with the tie, because frankly he could wear the greasy undershirt and nobody would blink. A few years ago one of his PR heads suggested he figure out a way to make it so his damn armor would stop wrinkling his damn suits, and ever since he's had the majority of his clothes tailored from a memory fabric that was the product of a particularly fruitful luncheon with some of his people from R&D.
"No," Tony says, and he checks the locks on the hatch and watches through the security cameras as Gomez trots around the corner and confers with a familiar man in a suit. The whole time he can feel Steve's eyes on him, can feel Steve looking at him—and it's like he's stripped of his armor, it's like Steve rather than Tony has cut Tony apart to see how he ticks, it's like he's being vivisected by a man who doesn't care for what he sees at all.
Tony isn't crazy. He knows. He knows. He
"Ready to start?" Steve says. "Good. We don't have a lot to cover today—"
ROGERS: Sure, but what I meant is—you always have some sleight-of-hand going on.
News of Stark's promotion broke only hours ago, when Secretary of Defense Jack Kooning held an early-morning press conference. No mention was made of previous director Maria Hill other than to say she was taking a period of "indefinite leave."
"SHIELD provided an affidavit stating that he wasn't acting under his own control. It won't stop our stock from plummeting if the media ever gets the full story, but at least he won't go to jail."
Tony huffs. "Really?"
Someone's shouting on the other side of the bulkhead. It probably isn't real. What's real is Georgia Messner, six foot even, laid out on this table like a pharoah. Somebody put a metaphorical needle in her very real vein and shot her full of a substance that lit her up like a Roman candle, that ate her alive from the inside out. Somebody hurt her. Tony can care about that.
"Small job for the Director of SHIELD," Carol says neutrally. She's right; although Fury, and Hill after him, had paid attention to any number of minor affairs that later had far-reaching consequences, they both know that Tony's here on a hunch. He'd met Griffin Gogol before, but only briefly, and there was nothing about Captain Ultra's powerset that suggested he'd be easy to kidnap. A flying brick disappearing usually meant some greater power working behind the curtain: hypnosis, a doppelganger, mind-control—or a being powerful enough to overcome a superpower. It's the kind of data point that others would take as isolated while Tony built towers around that small, singular particle.
Out of the water they drew him, a hero from a bygone age, clad in mail and armed with a gleaming shield.
Tony takes his helmet off.
"I can handle it," she says, sharp. "But you can't tell me you don't have doubts."
"Because something's changed," Steve would correct, and Tony would lean his hip against his workbench and marvel at how the air felt on his open, exposed skin. There'd be only a thin shirt between him and the rest of the world, and Steve wouldn't have looked at Tony like Tony deserved to die, and Tony would never have begged him to finish it, because Tony wouldn't have been selfish enough to believe he deserved an escape from the consequences of his own actions. It's the most pointless, the most unprofitable, and the most painful kind of What If: the What Could Have Been. Except who is Tony kidding, they were always going to end up here, and there was never a world in which Steve would've looked at Tony in the way Tony wanted. It's the worst kind of What If. It's the kind that crawls out of people who try to pack their hollow insides with mimicries of feeling. Tony knows what he is. Eventually, his self-knowledge will be perfect.
So. It was raining the day of the funeral, and 2.5 million people lined the avenue from the Capitol Building to Arlington National Cemetery. They were universally soaked through, shivering, and miserable. I wish I could say that they bore the conditions without complaint, that each and every person present was devoted to paying respect, not making spectacle, but that wouldn't be the America I knew, and it wouldn't be the America Steve Rogers knew either. Of course people were complaining about the weather, and arguing about politics, and talking about how expensive hotels are in D.C., and polling each other to see who says 'soda' and who uses 'pop,' because if you put ten Americans in a room you'll end up with twelve opinions about any one topic. Some of the arguments were ugly. Some of them made me ashamed to call myself an American. Some of them would've made Steve Rogers ashamed to call himself an American, too. It was an honest sort of ugliness. It showed exactly who we are, as Steve Rogers knew us, and as we know ourselves.
Tony's a big fan of humanity, but he's also aware that humanity as it is lacks a certain something. On the basest level, the material can't withstand any significant degree of stress. There's elegance in cells and tissues and muscles, he can't deny there's a sort of messy efficiency there, but skin and bone are poor substitutes for carbon nanotube composite fibers and adamantium-skinned biomemitic ceramics. For instance: if Happy were made of metal and circuits instead of flesh and blood, he very likely wouldn't be lying braindead at Memorial Hospital after a hired gun who disagreed with Tony's politics decided to take his ire out on Happy.
VP: Tony. I can't. Just think about it. Please.
What can Tony say to that? There's no comfort here. There's no hope. The doctors have told them as much, feeding them lines like 'narrow chance' and 'slim margin' and 'make sure he's comfortable'. Tony's recent crash-course in biomedical engineering has left him with enough background to take them at their word. Happy isn't going to wake up and be well; they're in for years of this, a slow, marching progression of bedside vigils driven by the dream of a statistical improbability.
TS: What do you mean?
At the finish line, Steve doesn't.
. It's what he does. He makes it hurt. If anyone survives, it's down to Tony's least favorite intervention: pure, dumb luck.
. It wasn't perfect. There was still a lag caused by the translation of thought to physical action by the cybernetic array—less of a lag than the translation of thought to body to armor, but still not the perfect, immediate unity of prediction to armor. And there were, of course, human reflexes to consider—
"And work up a temperature estimate."
"A petrochemical plant on the Hudson caught fire."
NB: We don't have all the crazy shit here that you do in New York, but we aren't completely ignorant. A regular criminal couldn't overpower Grif, especially not when he had the kids with him.
He drops back into hell, and while he drops, he builds a What If.
"SHIELD has eyes on us?" he asks.
BIRCH: Mister Stark—
While neither the senator's office nor other channels have made any statements, sources suggest that Boynton's fall is not due to his handling of Registration. Boynton has been a figurehead of that movement, not only as the man to introduce the Act to Congress but also as its champion and, at times, its harshest critic. Where other proponents framed the Act as a social program, Boynton made it clear that Registration was a matter of law enforcement, not aid.
TS: Huh.
in a mirror.
"That's enough self-pity," Steve says, and when he raps the thing he's holding in his hand against the cuff on Tony's ankle, the sound cuts through the cathedral like a bell. "You're running out of time."
In the footage, Tony takes his helmet off. He cradles it in his hands, between his knees, as he sits. The sheer blank eyepieces stare back at him, and it's one of those moments, one of those for-the-eye-sees-not-itself moments, which Tony has subverted by in some sense manufacturing himself new eyes. He can't think, can't find the words. What can you say when your heart lies unbeating on the table beside you? He's had artificial hearts before, he'll be just fine. That's something he can think about—taking his body apart. He thinks about putting something more useful in his chest, something that functions flawlessly, something that works perpetually without dismay or anguish. He thinks about his ribcage, the smooth curve of white bone, how absolutely intact the white bone is. There's no scarring there, no wound, no hole-punch circle that blew out his spine. He thinks about internality. He thinks about the blind universe. He thinks about taking his body apart. Eventually, Tony thinks of everything.
The lights are dimmed, the glass cases holding his armor cast in a reflective sheen that only hints at the threatening figures within. If he bothered taking his armor off anymore, he'd be in slippers and one of his ragged bathrobes, but he's in the armor, so he doesn't sit, doesn't sprawl, doesn't kick his feet out in front of him and prop his chin in his palm as he stares off into the distance and thinks.
"I've got a rich partner to spring me."
HH: Uh, Tony.
"Need any help, gentlemen?" he says, as though he doesn't know what's happening here, as though he isn't the head of the world's foremost intelligence agency, as though he weren't the architect and master of what is currently playing out.
He pauses.
"I'm fine," Tony says.
Friday lets him sit with that thought. She must know how it haunts him. He should've approached Steve earlier (why would Steve pay any special attention whatsoever to the garbage that came out of Tony's mouth?), he should've tried harder to get through to Steve (if he'd tried any harder, Steve would have split open his skull), he should have—should have stopped making excuses, should have taken—
"Yes," Tony answers automatically. "Does it ever—"
ROGERS: On Tony's part? Sometimes.
STARK: Ooh, I like you.
All this anger; where does it come from?
"Everything," Tony says. "All of it."
STARK: Believe me, if he found it disrespectful, he'd let us know. He's not the kind of guy who sits on his objections.
ROGERS: Pardon?
"Thanks, Commander," Tony says. "I'll be in touch." The line goes dead before Tony can end it. A flat second later, it chimes again.
By mass iron is one of the most common elements on the planet. Small wonder that the world changed when humans learned to master it, to pull it from the earth and smelt it and beat it into tools. There's a mysticism there that Tony appreciates; small wonder that iron showed up in folklore. Cold iron, that was for keeping away the fairies, and horseshoes were for luck, and iron fences around graveyards kept the ghosts inside. He could use an iron fence of his own when he's this close to leaking out his own body like a soul in a cartoon—extracted in a cloud of cold vapor through his nose and mouth because they took away the iron that kept him inside.
HA HA.
Trouble in the ranks? The matriarch of America's first family of superheroes, New York's very own Susan Storm, is (apparently!) spending some time abroad. "She's in Atlantis," our inside source reports. Catching up with an old friend or visiting a new lover? "No comment!"
What Steve doesn't know and Tony won't admit is that Steve has seen Tony through some of the worst parts of his life.
to Jessica Drew. They were friendly, but most of what he knows about her is filtered through Carol, and therefore he has been made aware that Drew is the funniest, the toughest, and the most beautiful woman on the face of the planet.
BIRCH: You're right, I don't mean to slight Ms. Van Dyne. You don't seem to get into quite at much trouble with her as you do with Captain Rogers, though.
"Did I not just lecture you all about wasting time?" Tony says. "Supervillain break-out, highly-populated area, did everyone miss that?"
"He always said, 'Pep, don't let me end up like that. You tell me to quit, I quit, and if I get to the point where you're feedin' me mush 'cause I don't have the brains left to feed myself, you let me go.' He never wanted this. He would've… he'd
Tony isn't a neurologist, a bio-engineer, he isn't Maya Hansen. He's loathe to admit how little he knows about what Extremis did to him, but the truth is that there isn't any shame in admitting what you don't know. That's what people tell him. Tony can admit when he's wrong, but he can't admit that he's wrong without a thick cloud of shame fogging his head. He doesn't know exactly how Extremis restructured him. He doesn't know how his brain works. He doesn't know how to get out of his own head; so it's a miracle that he manages to aggregate enough information to reach out through a satellite and divert the warheads to disperse their payloads harmlessly into space. The last thing he remembers is being hit by a wall of force. It feels like a star exploding.
"Do you?" Steve rocks back. You could cut glass on his jaw. Tony's always been hard-pressed to name a favorite feature, but that jaw—the straight strong line cutting into the jut of his chin, the notch at the corner, the crook leading to the soft skin of his throat. Tony had more than once caught himself physically listing towards Steve to press his face there. What stopped him was the knowledge that Steve would recoil. He'd be
"I built my panacea," Maya says. "The first release is ready to go. It's airborne, deliverable by warhead. In a couple of minutes, nobody on the Eastern seaboard will ever have to worry about dementia again." At his panic, she grins. "Just a little bit behind, aren't you? Then again, you always are."
Look: this is classified information, nothing that Tony would ever admit, nothing he would so much as hint at. He might joke about it, but never in a way that would make you suspect he was joking to cover up sincerity. It's so tightly bound inside of him that he wouldn't spill it even when drunk.
He falls asleep.
In the What If of a perfect world, he's flushed and happy when he lands on the roof of Avengers Mansion. Steve is waiting, and Tony is happy; he flew for the sheer hell of it, in that perfect world where the armor is only wings and never a ballast. In the What Is of an imperfect world, he slides behind the wheel of the Bugatti Veyron, locks the doors, and starts the engine; he'd take a deep breath, but the sound of the engine is better.
But how did his father
"Tony," she says.
"They kill him by pressing. Put a board over his chest and pile stones on it until he breaks or dies. But you know what he said, every time they asked him to admit guilt?"
he'd used to call Hank that.
"Okay," Tony says. "All right. Give me your best pitch. What are we supposed to do? Because it looks to me like waiting them out is the easiest solution. Ignore them. Don't give them the dignity of a fight."
FOR AUTHORIZED PERSONS ONLY
Lila perks up. "You can do that? With cameras, right? I read about it in
He's out of the weapons game but he's not out of weapons. He's surrounded by a dozen of them, perfect soldiers and women with stars for hearts. He lives in a weapon; he makes his home there, in the armor, and when he couldn't carry it close enough he learned to carry it inside himself.
Iron Man builds a symphony of justification. The fourth movement goes like this:
"Listen, much as I'd like to see Jessica's reaction when someone calls her a weak point, we aren't that desperate yet," Tony says. "Whatever we do, assume it's going to leak to the press. We can't keep it quiet forever."
His skin has been replaced by tessellated memory metal and peptide chains, his eyes by a deep-spectra visual array. Over the ribs of his first body curves an assembly that houses a fractal antenna and synthetic aperture radar/lidar. Above that is the upper dorsal thorax ESD with its microwave lensing and RT core. There is no cuirass here, no pauldrons, no greaves; Iron Man is made of smart molecules and external suit devices, with some small remaining organic mass at his center. He has plans for that: Models 30 through 32 are already drafted and awaiting synthesis. He may have lost the art of it all, but the trade-off is more than fair.
Two hundred days ago, Tony fell asleep.
don't understand. I understand perfectly. You think Extremis made me worse? You think it's turning me into something less than human?"
He scans again for bugs. Nothing comes up other than the standard SHIELD surveillance, although he disables that, too, as a precaution. "We finished cracking the cipher Captain America is using," he says.
DAEDALUS: Sorry, I didn't mean to be trite. We really are on the cusp of something incredible.
"Because you turned them down, handsome," Tony would answer, and he'd bat his eyelashes a couple of times to see if he could make Cap flush or laugh. Steve always seemed to take Tony's flirting as a joke, and Tony went along with it, the refuge making him more brazen than he would've been otherwise. If Steve had understood that the flirting wasn't a joke, Tony would never have flirted with him again.
"SHIELD?" Steve barks.
And that's the third day.
For almost a full decade, Tony walked around with a bum ticker in his chest. He walked like a real boy and talked like a real boy, but his insides were made of tin. He knows what it's like to live through arrhythmia and myocardial infarctions and good wholesome old-fashioned heart failures and even the total absence of a flesh-and-blood heart, although it's been years since he had to worry about any problems and months since he last woke gasping with his hands pressing so hard into his chest that despite his increased healing he still had bruises the next day. After he injected himself with the Extremis virus and reprogrammed his cells, his body grew him a new heart, and it thumps away in his chest like a war-drum, loud enough to drown out the memory of having nothing but a lump of metal behind his ribs.
, just the novelty woman who contributed to the legacy of the great Tony Stark. You like talking to satellites with your brain? You like having the reflexes of an Olympian and the heart of a super-soldier?" Her snarl turns to a sneer. "You wouldn't even know any of that was
"Maybe," Friday says. "Depends on how long the time-delay is. There's a good chance of it, but if you're plannin' what you seem to be plannin', you should know it won't work when you can override me."
TS: Were there signs of a struggle?
> LOADING…
"Dormant. Well, that doesn't in any way sound like a trap designed to lure me into a fight with a bunch of supervillains and then squash me like an ant."
Steve Rogers is not his first love, not his only love. Tony Stark exists outside of Steve Rogers, independent of him; he made value calls before Steve came out of the ice and in Steve's absence he continues to function. That Steve occasionally eats up Tony's whole field of vision is a flaw in Tony himself. Tony is flawed. It's fine. It's a function of being Tony Stark. He'll have a patch for it soon.
"You figured it out faster than I thought you would," Maya says. All he can see of her is her feet—practical boots, what Carol might call shitkickers. She leans over him, he can tell by the way the bottom fringe of her hair sweeps over his neck, and then she shoves a hand into his pocket and pulls out Friday. Pulls out his phone. Pulls out his last benevolent ghost.
TS: I love attention.
JV: I can't believe we're doing this. Why are we here, Tony?
"Having one? Having her," Stevie corrects herself. "Or maybe not having her, I guess. No, I don't regret it. Look, tea's done." She knocks the back of her knuckles against Tony's ribcage, a casual touch, and Tony, already halfway unzipped, just about crawls out of her skin. "Want to show me what you're working on?"
. Tony Stark won't know what hit him.
"I don't think you really thought that one through," says Yinsen's son. "Even if you choose to believe that you're here of your own free will and not because I compelled you, I could still have a gun."
Tony jolts, lets his hand drop away from the armor's chestplate, looks over at Reed. "Don't tell me I missed an appointment. It's three in the morning, even the insomniacs would cut us some slack."
DAEDALUS: I can't believe how fast this is coming together. Or that we had enough funding to pull this off.
Taking away your autonomy was simply an expedient method."
"Password, boss?" Friday says.
DAEDALUS: I'm aware that not all of us are on your intellectual playing field—
"Boss?" Friday says.
If he and Friday can't figure this out before the twenty-four hour lockdown on his armor lifts, he has three options. Two options—he isn't going to put the Avengers in his line of fire.
BIRCH: Personal assistant, Harold Hogan?
"Nah," Happy says. "You're usually pretty good at stoppin' yourself."
STARK: Absolutely. My intention, obviously, was—I don't know if you know this, but I'm also a superhero called Iron Man—my intention was to integrate with the suit, but there were some, ah, side-effects. The upshot is that if I get bored in a board meeting, I can stream Netflix to my brain. Total technopathy, by design and on purpose. Effectively: I am the armor. Yeah, kid in the back.
• 6h ago
DAEDALUS: I suppose the real question is why anyone abides by the Declaration of Helsinki at all.
73450012377.150.3
"Local teams are congregating here and here, Captain"—Friday lights up a couple of points on a map of Manhattan—"but the helicarrier is still en route from Washington, D.C."
"Steve,
Amidst the Registration controversy, Rogers might the only one still doing his duty. His former comrades seem too busy fighting each other to remember their original purpose; service has yielded to jingoism, opportunism, and empty rhetoric. No Avenger's descent has been more dramatic than that of Tony Stark, a founding member of the team and the current head of the Stark Industries conglomerate. Stark is perhaps best known as the hero Iron Man; after being kidnapped and held overseas by a terrorist organization for three months, he returned to the United States, donned his powered suit of armor, and appointed himself a champion of the people. More recently, Stark went public with his identity and revealed that the previous cover story, in which he claimed that Iron Man was a Stark Industries employee serving as his personal bodyguard, was a fabrication.
A hot curdle of humiliation the likes of which he hasn't felt since Steve was shot to death blooms in Tony's gut. He's humiliated, he's always humiliated, when he thinks about this. He deserves to feel humiliated.
Tony shoves his hands in his pockets and displays his best, his smarmiest, his cockiest grin, the grin he reserves purely for investors or moments of great personal triumph, the grin that declares he'd eat shit and enjoy it. "That," he says, "and I have to fund my hobbies."
When Maya grabs at him, he tries to duck; but she's fast, so impossibly fast, fast like Steve was fast, or maybe it's just that Tony's slow, that he's tired and old and the blows that feel like taps take him like a train wreck. She catches him by the hair and forces his head back until his back bows and his knees bend; the bare line of his throat is laid shivering and sensitive for her teeth. He can no longer remember his watchword.
STARK: Sometimes.
The fixation isn't unusual or concerning by itself. Mr. Stark is a man of science, and like many of his (admittedly small field of) peers, he exists at the forefront of technological development. What does concern me are some of his more radical views on the boundaries of human existence and how they might be eradicated. This field of thinking is certainly important and will arguably play a major role in the future, but Mr. Stark appears to be accelerating these core transhumanist ideas by using himself as a test subject.
Stark was only recently appointed a deputy director of the organization. He was installed as the leader of the newly-created Registration Division, which concerns itself solely with the enforcement of the Registration Act.
"No," Tony says.
No. No no no.
Tony was never
CB: Why I invited Steve. I was surprised by how little substantial writing there is on the Avengers despite your team's high profile, and I'm including individual members in that. Not that there aren't exceptions like you, but not all of the Avengers are famous war heroes.
He knows better now, of course. He could fuck men. He has fucked men. Tony Stark is shameless. Tony Stark even fell in love with a man. It's good. It's fine. He won't have those qualities much longer, but their removal is incidental, a consequence of extracting dopamine and oxytocin from the messy soup of his brain.
"Are you saying I should be burned at the stake?"
"Yeah, Friday?" says Tony.
Behind his back, the elevator doors roll open to reveal one of the most advanced, certainly one of the most fun, and undoubtedly one of the most impressive personal workshops in the world. The showcase, of course, is the half-circle of cases around the perimeter of the shop housing every intact and retired iteration of the Iron Man. He's got a couple of his favorites pulled out for display; on the landing just outside of the elevator is the old Model 16, posed with one palm facing out in his signature stance.
"I play golf with the president. Hill knows what she's getting into," Tony adds.
"You know I do," Rhodey says. "I'll suit up and meet you up top."
There are at least three people—Carol, Adam, Monica—on the current Avengers roster who have a decent shot of taking down Iron Man, and Tony has hinted at or outright given them the best tactics for doing so. A couple of the others might have a chance, particularly if they cooperate; Peter, Rhodey, and Steve have enough working knowledge of the armor that they can pick out its weak points and at least begin to disable it.
The boy and the girl had been like siblings, although sometimes they'd fought, and sometimes they fucked because it was convenient, and sometimes they shared a bottle of whiskey while they pulled apart the universe. Do you know how rare that kind of meeting of the minds is? Out of seven billion people, maybe forty are genuinely Tony's intellectual peers. Maybe only twenty. Maybe only ten. The sex had been fine, but it was never as good as the conversation.
"Very good," she says, paternal and Socratic, "although of course I tested on baseline humans, too. The real question, though, is: by what means did I achieve all these ends?" His blankness must translate to his expression, because she smirks. "Do you really not know? We serve the same masters."
Ambre Morel, a resident of Dijon and former airline captain, saw the wreck happen from the backyard of her home.
Why the high cost? While it's true that a prison designed to hold superhumans has to be superhumanly strong, the main money sink is Prison 42's location. Instead of being built on American soil, Prison 42 is in the Negative Zone, ostensibly to "provide a buffer region between Earth and Earth's most serious threats." The industry expert on extradimensional construction? Stark Industries.
In the next patch, he hopes to remove the need for sleep entirely. 2.3 is underway, a high-priority project. He likes to joke about it. "Imagine how much I could get done if I didn't need to sleep," he'll say, and Pepper will sigh and smile.
"I've always thought of that as one of the best days of my life," Tony says, "but it occurs to me that it was one of the worst for you."
"Would the American public believe me if I told them what a smartass Captain America is?"
BOWMAN: Not important. Useful, maybe. I doubt anyone else has enough pieces to finish the puzzle.
The neutralizer concealed in Rogers' palm activates the moment their skin touches. Iron Man goes down like a sack of bricks.
"It'll be worth it. We'll have a cape-killer unit standing by just outside the helicarrier gate and Carol's Avengers waiting outside the Ryker's Island portal. Call in backup from Hammond if you have to. But until then, don't talk about this to anyone."
"You're using metahumans as test subjects to refine Extremis."
The slack of, what, forcing resisting extra-legal peacekeepers to face justice?
"Uncle Jim!" Lila protests.
He's back in the picosecond. Once upon a time, Steve wouldn't even have taken the time to think about the capabilities of the Iron Man; once upon a time, Steve would have already been moving by the time Tony's tongue and lips and teeth wrapped around the word
"You're softballing it," Brickman snaps. "Rogers is a terrorist—"
Lila darts off to study the blueprints laid across one of his drafting tables; he usually works with CAD now, or his own version of it, the sophisticated holographic modelling that Pepper keeps telling him would make millions on the open market, but the blueprints are for a community center being funded by the Maria Stark Foundation, and they aren't Tony's. The design had come from the architecture firm donating their time to the project. Tony could draft a high-rise if he had to, but occasionally people like to force him to delegate.
In the What If of perfection, Iron Man builds a better world. In the What Is of reality, Tony Stark can only contemplate the fracture mechanics of his mind. That's the flaw, the hang-up; if he could get out of his own way, he'd be able to think of everything.
"Right. There's a character named Giles Corey, being tortured to force him to confess to witchcraft—you remember?"
TS: Fine.
TS: I'm an engineer, let's leave it at that. Don't tell me you're thinking of writing a book about the Avengers.
says the Secretary of Defense.
He doesn't have all the pieces, but he can bridge the gaps—projection is one of Tony's greatest gifts. Extremis restructured his brain so it works independently of his consciousness; his mind automatically connects to hundreds of wireless access points in the course of a day, upload and download, seamlessly converting brainwaves into digital signals. Yinsen's son had figured out first how to write code for Tony's brain—that was where Maya came in—and then how to install that malware without him noticing. After that, it would've been a matter of configuring the signal to trigger the malware to work on a time-delay and then sending that trigger through a trusted source like one of SI's satellites.
"Consumer products," Lila says.
At 6:03:23, Tony Stark busts free of his cocoon of shock and command lines. He is
Of course, this clash of the titans is made all the more dramatic because Stark and Rogers were not only pillars of the Avengers and the wider superhero community but also close friends. While reports of their intimacy may have been exaggerated (it's hard to imagine Rogers, a grounded veteran born into a working class family, sharing more than the occasional luncheon with the flamboyant heir to the Stark fortune), there's no denying the efficacy of their working partnership. Stark provided the means, Rogers the motivation; the rest is a story that has taken less than a decade to pass into legend.
Jack stays standing, shoves a hand in one pockets, picks up his own mug of coffee, and clears his throat. "Well. It looks like we owe you an apology." Translation: we accidentally hired a monster who misused our funds, our personnel, and our equipment. "We were worried that… but you were on to something, with those cornfield murders. Good bit of detective work. Of course, we'd expect nothing less."
TS: Take the briefcase, too. And tell Pepper "Happy Anniversary" from me. That goes for you, too—I don't want to see either of you before next Monday.
"And he's responsible for the breakout?"
Two hundred days ago, Tony fell asleep.
TS: I wasn't exactly complying with the law—
What Maya said when she came to Tony was that someone had
Yasin Renada, a multinational arms dealer and number eight on the FBI's most wanted list, was discovered dead in a private Swiss chalet on Wednesday afternoon. Swiss authorities have confirmed that Renada was murdered. According to the autopsy report, the cause of death was a friction burn consistent with a high-energy weapon.
It hardly needs to be said that the superhero "civil war" is anything but. Cape-killer units openly patrol the streets of New York, Washington, and Los Angeles in search of resisters; fights between supporters and detractors have broken out at fourteen college campuses across the country; and peaceful citizens like Julia Carpenter are hunted down on live TV with the full support of the federal government.
He looks again at the tool in Steve's hand and sees that it's a laser cutter. How had he missed that before?
Iron is the last and heaviest element produced before supernovas collapse into black holes or neutron stars or into nothing at all. Iron is that final gasping breath, a heavy ghost disassembled into discrete particles and scattered among the stars.
"Say it again, Tony," she says, and he realizes she's already starting to fade away. Discussion over, just like that, because one more person decided to walk away. "And call Jim," she adds, her voice the only part of her left. "He doesn't deserve this."
"I should get going. I have an eleven o'clock. I'm glad to see your ear's looking better, though."
"Friday?"
Did he ever believe Steve could love him?
"What was that?
He wakes up at six o'clock precisely, runs through a systems check, scans the headlines, talks to Friday. (
CB: Actually, that's part of the reason I invited Captain Rogers—
TS: Don't play dumb, Jack. I know you were watching me.
"Indeed it is. No signs of deliberate sabotage yet, but the rate of the burn and the size of it… tappin' into the cellular network." A beat, during which shaky shot-from-a-chopper footage of the plant appears on his HUD. "There are employees trapped inside. I have an incoming call from Colonel Danvers—"
"Somethin' like that," Friday agrees. "Has it occurred to you that you're fixating on the cornfield kidnappings to distract yourself from bigger problems?"
29871200012.23.2
"No?" she says. "Then it's not on lockdown because you're too afraid to go near it?"
SR: When you're as old as I am—
"But now," Tony agrees.
He stands there, caught in the sight of it, and then he very gently reaches up and touches his earpiece.
If he allowed himself the luxury of missing things, though, he'd miss the Mansion; and he'd miss the West Coast; and he'd miss the simplicity of what his life had once been, the clarity of it, the sweep of desire that had let him sublimate himself instead of the agonizing, intent need to account for all factors at all times. Maybe he's kidding himself. Even at the height of his amoral debauchery, he was always able to care about the design, the company, the pursuit. Maybe he's kidding himself; he is a kidder.
There's a pause that Tony suspects is more for his benefit than Friday's. "Best guess: in excess of fifteen hundred degrees."
NB: Contract farms. Most of them are working for Cargill. There's a big research facility, too.
"I don't want to talk about it," Tony says.
"Yeah, I'm back," he says. "I need you to do me a favor. I need you to find Maya Hansen."
"You always know," Steve says. "Why do you think I would flay you open like this, over and over again?"
Jack says.
"Get out of here," Tony says. "I'm fine. My heart is fine."
He can smell the whisky so strongly that the taste lingers on his tongue. He's still propped against the cabinets; his legs won't support him.
In this What If, the first person he encounters isn't already dead. Neither is the third. All eighty employees of a subsidiary of a subsidiary of Stark Industries make it out alive. The fire is contained with minimal damage. The person responsible is caught, tried, sentenced, and put in a secure holding facility from which they will never escape. This happens because Tony is fast, responsive, able to forecast both the short- and the long-term. Everyone lives. They live because the Avengers are there, together, on the ground, responding with the speed and cohesion that turned them into legends in their own lifetimes.
It's a good system. Pepper understands, and when she doesn't understand, she calls in one of the hundred brilliant innovators Stark Industries retains on payroll to help her understand. Resource management, that's Pepper's specialty. For all his sins and despite all his excesses, Tony is little more than one more resource. He's the best resource. Sometimes, he's the only resource.
"Absolutely, Senator," Tony says. "Thank you for your time." Maybe they wanted him to stay longer; he doesn't care. His memory is not a human memory. He remembers with machine precision what it felt like to crush Steve's trachea.
The second is make a scheduled talk-show appearance. He goes in full armor, trades quips with the host, shifts the tone in a suitably solemn direction when he talks about the temporary necessity of SHIELD ground patrols.
"We've spent a long time policing ourselves," Stark said, "but it's unfair to put that burden on a community already burdened with so much. It doesn't matter if it's brainwashing or a series of bad decisions; when someone with extreme capabilities loses control, people suffer."
With a monstrous expenditure of effort, Tony sits up. He is aware that he only sits up because Maya lets him. He's aware, and she's aware, and aren't they both just so damn smart?
TS: Are you going to tell me why?
"And you think I'm… what? Secretly in touch with Cap's underground? Feeding them information? Hiding that I'm a sympathizer?" Tony's getting angry. He's sick of people questioning his motivation in the way that only an addict can be sick. There's a streak of self-righteous hypocrisy in there, a dash of cowardly loathing, because of course they're right to question him. Doesn't matter. He's still angry.
BOWMAN: I have no trouble embracing that image. Ha. Maybe I should adopt an alias.
"Tony."
Dugan asks. He has the leisure to ask that. Nobody expects Dum Dum Dugan to dress up in a suit and thank a pack of politicians for an opportunity he never wanted. That's fair. That's fine. Tony wears a suit better than anyone.
"I have a favor to ask you," Pepper says. Then she stops. Her narrow jaw works up and down, like she's fighting against something shored up deep inside her. Tony realizes her eyes aren't clear—they're glassy.
"I gathered," Tony says. It occurs to him that he doesn't actually need the earpiece to talk to Friday anymore, but he leaves it on anyway. His brain feels like one big bruise. Apparently an Extremis-driven healing ability has its limits. So much for superior Stark wetware.
Here's where it all starts to fall apart.
"What do you deserve, Tony?"
But this is also Tony Stark sacrificing himself to save Steve Rogers. It's the end Tony favors. From that perspective, this is not a failure of the heart but a triumph.
BIRCH: Do I look stupid enough to bet you?
Tony's seen this or something like it coming for years. He has his own contingency plans to work the situation to his own advantage. As for his
Tony is the armor.
HP: Tony?
He has to be better than this. "I'm going down to liaise with the Omaha Police Department, maybe interview the survivor. It shouldn't take long."
DAEDALUS: No. It's slow going, although compared to what you would encounter under less permissive circumstances—
"I have a hunch, Timothy," Tony says.
Carol's dad had been a hardass. He was an alcoholic (weren't all fathers alcoholics?) and a traditionalist, the kind of man who refused to pay for his bright, brilliant daughter to go to college because he thought the money would be better spent on one of her brothers.
"They're all metahumans or parahumans," Friday says. "Are you going to let them in?"
—those are a matter of public record. Eventually, Tony thinks of everything.
it is. When you see something like this coming, you don't compromise, Tony—you fight!"
that the only way to make sure Steve would stop haunting him was to lock him in a box and drop him in the middle of the ocean. Tony wasn't foolish enough to believe that would cut the chain, but he thought: maybe. Maybe.
Pepper overrides the lock-out on the workshop after three days. With the little attention he can spare, Tony's faintly surprised; the last time he'd locked himself in the workshop, he'd been down here for six weeks working on the armor. Pepper rarely interrupts him when he's chasing an idea. Certain detractors like to paint Tony as a man-child who needs an entire team of paid handlers to keep him on the straight and narrow, but the truth is that Tony was starting college when most people were still wrapping their heads around algebra and running a multinational conglomerate before most people graduated college. When he locks himself in the workshop, SI almost always has a subsequent and corresponding surge in profit. Pepper knows that.
. And—pay attention, Shellhead—who's to say they're wrong? What you've done, what haven't you done in the dark—
It's a nice fantasy. It's a nice story he can feed himself when he's standing in the kitchen of Avengers Tower at two in the morning surrounded by empty seats, Clint's Cirque du Soleil mug, the Far Side panel Jessica Drew had taped to the coffeemaker, the baby bottles Luke had left behind. Sometimes he opens the junk drawer to stare at the pencils inside; they aren't anything special, plain Ticonderoga #2 pencils sharpened to a fine point, but Steve had put them there so he'd always have a pencil handy. That's another weakness Tony can't afford: nostalgia. Or yearning, maybe. Self-indulgence, certainly—his tendency to pity himself has always been one of his less attractive traits.
> EXECUTE PROGRAM? [Y/N]
The man in the mirror has bags under his eyes, lines in his face that even one of the world's most advanced regenerative systems can't fix—all the signs are there, the hollow cheeks, the clammy skin, the bloodshot sclera. There's vanity, and then there's staking your existence on your ability to convince the rest of the world that you have everything under control, and then there's the complicated blend of self- and public perception that color Tony's relationship with his own appearance.
"This is the
"You know exactly what I'm implying, Shellhead." Steve lifts his hand and pretends to knock his knuckles against Tony's forehead. "No echo. You've still got something in there."
BOWMAN: What about me?
"Stall them," Tony says. "Tell them I'm in Malibu. Tell them I'm skiing in the Alps. Tell them whatever you need to tell them to get them out of the Tower, and then put every lawyer we have on this. I want the helicarrier wallpapered with injunctions. Get Jack Kooning on the phone and have him apply as much pressure as necessary on Hill. I don't care if he has to fabricate a war that desperately requires SHIELD intervention—"
DAEDALUS: Many mice died to bring us this information.
DAEDALUS: What are you working on?
TS: You're asking me to—
"This is why I hate fighting in public view."
"Speak up, buttercup, I can't hear you up here.
SR: I'm fairly sure that's an insult.
"I believe that not to thrive but to merely
"No. It's a forecast."
Pepper smacks her husband on the shoulder. "Not like that!" she snaps.
"An explanation," Tony says. "I
"You work too hard," Stevie says, but for once she's not being bossy about it. "Remember when you were coding Friday? I don't think you slept for a week."
"Boss," Friday says, "we have a hit."
"But is it worth the risk?" Tony wonders.
Pepper doesn't respond. That's fine.
TS: I can guess.
"Tony," he says patiently, "I just thought you should know: the labs are the other way."
"You don't have to be my secretary," he says.
has been the busiest out of everyone. Not only did he appear on
"Wonderful, you know that's my favorite topic. Hit me, Cap." He'd beg for it, if Steve asked him to beg.
Something organic and internal cracks.
"She's Natasha."
He says, more quietly, "Coding flaws."
Steve full-on stops and turns to face Tony. "What did you say?"
He drew a couple of cartoons of me later on, too. I liked those a lot better than any of the medals they gave me. He was even younger than me, you know, must've been about twenty-two, twenty-three… What are you doing under there?
HH: You got it. See you, boss.
BOWMAN: Chug a bottle of Jack and get back to work.
This is the show he wants to see.
"All play and no work makes Jack a dull boy," Tony says. "What's up with the night owl routine? Still on Madripoor time?"
The line goes dead.
The Avengers are not only one of the most prominent but also one of the most diverse superhero teams on the global stage. Members have included not only parahumans like the Scarlet Witch, metahumans like the Wasp and the Black Panther, and garden-variety humans like Hawkeye, but also aliens and fully-synthetic androids. What about the heroes that exist in that more nebulous area, though? Who are they, and by what names do we know them?
Now that he's let himself look, he can't stop looking. It's been months, it feels like years, his mind can't stop superimposing that last final shot of Steve's slack, pale face over his flushed cheeks and wheat-fine eyelashes now. Even the cruel twist of a mouth made more generous by familiarity is stunning. Tony never thinks about taking Steve apart, about disassembling him into his component parts for study; Tony wants Steve as he is, whole and entire.
"Clear the mind, engage the senses," Tony coaxes. "I can probably even come up with a pot of coffee."
"You had a handle on the pieces in play too quickly to have been caught off-guard."
"Worst? Is that what you think?"
If you can't change the event and you can't change your response, the only solution is to change your self. Tear it down. Take it apart. Build something better in its place.
"You were pretty banged up. Get you something to drink? They dug up a pot of coffee for me. Just instant, but it's hot."
"Again," his father barked, and Tony Stark, who was nine, lifted the revolver, steadied himself, and squeezed the trigger. As he squeezed, he flinched; it was the anticipation that did it.
"Why—" he starts to ask, but Rogers flings the shield at his face. That's
Friday's wearing a long red cloak and a pointed hat spangled with stars—a world away from Tony's bathrobe. When her projection hops up on the worktable beside him and crosses her legs, her cloak falls open to reveal a sleek dress that's more
HH: Nah, not until later. Pep's getting all gussied up. I wanted to stop by the community center, figured I'd swing by on the way and see how you're doing.
BIRCH: The four of you seem close.
"Yes," Maya says. "A database of every metahuman in the country who so much as helped an old lady cross the street. Names, addresses, abilities. I said I needed access, and they handed over the keys."
More than one shrink has tried to suggest that Tony has a pathological dependence on the armor. What they fail to understand is that it's the other way around: Iron Man has a pathological dependence on Tony Stark.
Tony grits his teeth and keeps walking, although he wonders if Friday sees—if she had heard—
"Don't waste our time with platitudes. I already have." Tony recognizes that beatific look she's wearing. She's saving them all from human weakness. Maya Hansen 3.0—unfettered and unchained, cutting a ruthless line from what is to what will be. "And do you want to know the best part, Tony?" She leans a little closer. "All those test subjects? I found them through
I ask Stark about his efforts to reach out to Yinsen's family. He smiles again. "They don't want to talk to me," he says. "I can't say I blame them."
"If I can't trust a Rhodes, who can I trust?" Tony levels a finger at Rhodey. "Don't answer that." The elevator drops below the employee-access basements and deep into the secure levels of sub-basements that only a handful of people can access without Tony's express permission. Rhodey's one of those people and always has been, despite their occasional differences in opinion.
"I won't fight Sue," Reed says.
humans, which breeds understanding if not sympathy, similarity if not sameness. And the easiest way to make a creature obey is to make it want to obey, after all—there's that, too. Tony built that trait into Friday: not obedience, but the desire for collaboration. In avoiding hard limits, he'd given her the freedom to decide whether she liked people or not.
Her fingers creep over the curve of the cuff and trace its edges against his skin. It's the first time in recent memory someone has touched him gently. He used to love her; she used to be family. The worst part is that he still recognizes her—still recognizes himself in her.
PASSIVE MODE //
"We aren't tools," Carol says.
The only official statement comes from the office of President Yann Pujol. The press release expressed condolences for the families of the deceased and confirmed that the Strategic Hazard Intervention, Espionage, and Logistics Directorate was heading an investigation.
He'd all but begged her for it. Obsolescence was on the horizon: even after a solid month shut in his garage trying to coax faster reaction times out of the Iron Man, Tony had hit what might very well have been a final plateau. Maya had agreed, and while she was out of the room Tony introduced his own changes to the Extremis profile, and then he shot himself up and scabbed over and emerged two days later with all the wireless capabilities of a satellite. He wore the armor in his brain and his bones; they couldn't strip it without his consent. Tony Stark 2.0—not yet perfect, but one step closer to perfect than he'd been the day before.
"You're asking me to—"
Dugan sighs the ash-gut sigh of a man who drinks only whisky and eats only gravel.
"Is Friday recording?" Reed asks.
"Password, boss?" Friday repeats patiently.
Steve still thinks Tony has a moral compass.
"Early adoption is always risky, Tony. I would think you'd know that better than anyone."
There's a soundtrack the whole time: "Hill, what the hell are you saying—"
STARK: And where's that?
He closes his eyes. The mirror drops away. The reflection drops away. Tony Stark drops away, replaced by a natal presence with the potential to be everything Tony is not: Tony Stark 2.0.
In another subversion of expectations, Steve doesn't huff, doesn't glance at the TV, doesn't look skyward for the strength to withstand Stark business rituals. He keeps looking at Tony. Tony refrains from squirming, even if there's something terrible about being looked at by Steve, something he can only just barely stand.
"Sue and Steve working together makes the resistance too erratic to predict." Reed captures one of Tony's knights. "With Captain America as their figurehead, a group that might have been no more than a localized resistance has turned into a national movement. You know what will happen if we allow this to go on any longer."
) He takes the express elevator up to his penthouse suite. He exits the elevator. One of Pepper's assistants is waiting at the top with a very white demitasse of very black espresso; his name is Bill, probably, and his last name is something Polish, Tony thinks. That's a joke—the kid is named William Wozniack, which Tony has teased him about more than once, and Pepper hired him straight out of the Harvard MBA program. Before his graduation, even. His skin is dark and his hair is reddish, a whimsical coincidence that makes Tony wonder if Pepper is collecting an army of ginger-headed interns, and like everyone with regular access to Tony, Will the Woz has been thoroughly investigated through a dozen different avenues.
"Tony."
If Stark is best known as Iron Man, it's only because the Avengers are the face of a generation. In his civilian guise, Stark is a media magnet, a modern-day Howard Hughes: brilliant, driven, and glib. There's no doubt that Stark is an incredible inventor, although how much involvement he retains in the day-to-day running of Stark Industries is questionable, but despite his skill as a technologist, Stark is less than gifted at navigating life as a hero. Stark appears to only intermittently grasp the clarity that comes so easily to leaders like Steve Rogers; while Rogers believes that the greater good transcends the law, Stark has all too often allowed himself to be influenced by his role as a business mogul and guided by his own best interests.
Friday gives him three entry points, her best guess at employee locations, and a building layout with projected structural damage. It's all laid out in lines of shining blue and green, overlaid on the world, providing distance and reason to the crackle and the heat and the crumble of debris. Tony pulls up, kills his repulsors, and drops like a rock right through the hole in the roof through which black smoke pours.
Stark had previously spoken against the bill, affirming that it went against "a long tradition of heroes dating back to the Second World War and earlier" and that it would "obstruct the ability of teams such as the Avengers to operate as intended."
Jack's waiting down the hall. He turns around when Tony enters the room. "Tony. Thought you were someone else for a minute there. Come on, come in. Feeling better?"
"Trust me, Cap," he finally settles on. "Even if you didn't see this coming, I did. It's what I do: observe, predict, plan. You know what clued me in?" He laughs. It scrapes his throat raw. "Never mind, you wouldn't believe me if I told you. Either way—better than the alternative."
TS: All what?
The third is attend Happy's funeral.
"Not like this," Rogers says. "We're done here. I'm surrendering myself as a private citizen to SHIELD's custody." His strips off both his gloves, shows Iron Man his empty palms, and offers his wrists. A hundred people are watching with bloody disbelief, and not a single one makes a move to touch him.
"Dugan," Tony says. He respects Dugan, but they aren't
JK: This is a time of transition. We're bringing in some new advisors, some guys who can give us outside opinions. In the meantime all you have to do is sit tight while we handle the situation.
"Director?" the person calls.
He jolts. "Cap?" The room is empty. Everyone else must have vamoosed.
STARK: Absolutely not. Yes, you in the fetching blue sweatshirt.
There was a time when Tony bled for his art, first red and then gold, and the lightest touch of his armor would have popped that lock like a shell shucked from a shotgun. There was a time when the merest thought would have summoned all the information he needed—Maya's whereabouts, SHIELD's surveillance net—there was a time when Tony wouldn't have had to leave Tintagel at all, because his merest thought could affect change from ten thousand miles away. Igraine never had that failsafe, but Tony's life is an elaborate nesting doll of failsafes. He stacks one failure inside of another.
How do you engineer a solution? How do you anticipate the correct path?
He grunts. "You mean Ultron."
, we have to be willing to transcend our limitations. Does it scare me? Sure. But since when has that stopped any of us? We do what we do because we recognize fear, we look it in the eye and say: so what. We're creators. We're engineers and scientists. We're the architects of the future."
"Don't do this," he says. "Kid, I swear, you keep this up or you're going to regret it. Let me go. We can work something out, it isn't too late, just let me go, don't do this, don't make me do this, please don't make me do this
"I know I am," she answers.
"How long have you been there?"
"Low-profile," Friday says. "Heroes, but nobody you'd immediately notice was missin'." Her holographic self takes a turn around the table and stops to gaze at the body laid out there. There's nothing coquettish about her posture, which instead suggests the bearing of a field marshal. She ignores the muffled thumping coming from the other side of the hatch.
, to do the same thing to the rest of us. Flaw in the human code? Fix it. Patch it. Reprogram it. Make it
