“I know,” Clint nods, voice solemn and face neutral when he continues with. “I’ve seen it though, it’s a top quality penis. Seriously good work from his parents right there.”
Mr. Rogers looked apologetically at Pepper for a moment, and Antonia could not make heads or tails of it before the door was thrown open once more, and Miss Hill and Miss Romanov walked into the room. Full of thanks, and full of news, Miss Hill unsure which to give quickest. Antonia soon saw that Steve had lost his moment, and not another syllable of communication could rest with him in the face of Miss Hill’s excited onslaught.
They found themselves quickly being faced with the house the Hills lodged, Antonia recollected his intended visit the day before, and asked him if he paid it.
“We shall likely never agree about him, and thus add him to the long list of things we don’t agree on. It is nothing extraordinary. I do not believe him to believe a weak young man. Mr. Marvel would not be blind to folly, even in his own son. A yielding and mild disposition may not suit your notions of a man’s perfection, but it suits a great deal other’s.”
And there can be no answer to that for Antonia, other than to throw herself at his knees and beg for forgiveness. The silence hangs a moment, before Steven turns back to her mother, taking her right hand in his and kissing the top of it.
“You.” Steven speaks first, and later Tony will learn that this is part of who he is. A born leader, incapable of anything but forging ahead with blind and beloved optimism that hides a multitude of worries and insecurities.
“I was with Mr. Cage on business an hour and a half ago. He had just read Hammer’s letter as I arrived, and handed it to me directly.” His gaze now lands on Pepper, and Antonia has to shrug off a knot in her stomach as he addresses her friend gently, “I had hoped to bring the news to you shortly.”
and echo each feeling back to the other until it’s amplified enough to scorch.
So, my lovely readers, cheerleaders and everyone in between. I THINK we have one last chapter and then an epilogue which I hope to edit and publish this weekend. Thank you in advance for sticking with this, I appreciate that it has been a long time coming, and hopefully it is worth the wait.
that this is what he did to the rest of the team. It’s like his heart has been squeezed of every last emotion but fear and guilt, and both of those sit so heavy it feels like the weight of Mjolnir balanced atop his ribcage. Without thinking, his hand rears back and punches the shower tile so hard it cracks underneath the pressure.
Mrs. Hammer was spoken of, “I think she must be here soon,” said he “I have a great curiosity to see Mrs. Hammer. I have heard so much of her.”
The phone call never comes. Instead Tony finds himself spending a lazy Friday evening tangled in wiring with coding flashing behind his eyelids when it happens. When he feels something wrap round his bond like a vice and squeeze.
“That is easily said, and felt by you, who have always been your own master. You are the worst judge in the world, Steven, of the difficulties of dependence. You do not know what it is to have tempers to manage.”
Mrs. Marvel agreed, but hastened to add, “I will be glad to meet him, but I cannot depend on this meeting taking place. I am very much afraid it will end in nothing but my love’s disappointment. I dare say he has been telling you of how exactly the matter stands.”
“Me neither.” He repeats, and Steve is powerless, like he was, he is, and always will be, in the face of Tony’s gravity. He stumbles toward him like a man starved, frames his face in his hands. They smile at each other, huffing a laugh into each other’s space. Even now, Steve can’t believe he gets this. That he gets to have
“Pepper, I will not pretend to be in doubt of your meaning. Your resolution, or rather expectation of never marrying, results from an idea that the person whom you might prefer would be too greatly your superior in situation to think of you. Is it not so?”
domains.”
It leaves Tony helpless to do anything but rock forward into Steve’s orbit, crush his lips against Steve’s mouth like a scorch mark. As wild as fire, it’s like the engine of his libido, left idling from last night, has turned over and roared to life. He wants Steve everywhere. He curls his fingers into Steve’s shoulders and pulls, feels the percussion of Steve’s heartbeat. He
“No, it’s not that. It’s just, this is too –“ he can’t force the words out, “it’s too real.”
Tony’s eyes.
The words trip out over themselves, even Antonia finding room to be embarrassed by her forwardness over Steven. She smiles, awkwardly.
Anxious to separate herself from them as soon as she could, she soon sought possession of a narrow footpath, raised on one side of the lane, leaving them to the main road. But she had not been there two minutes in quiet contemplation to herself before she found Virginia attempting to follow her, questioning look upon her brow, and that in short they would both be soon after her. As such, she quickly dropped to the ground, feigning an alteration in her boot was required, begging them to have the goodness to walk on, promising she’d follow in good time.
Steven smiled wryly, “You seem to think every conversation we have is one of our quarrels about Antonia.”
“Well,” began Miss Hill, as though she had not been trying to be heard in vain for the last two minutes, “If I
“When would I do anything else?” Tony folds his mouth into a grin so full of humour it’s all Steve can do to not pull him back into his arms and kiss the shit out of him.
At first it was downright dullness to Antonia. She had built this up so very much in her head, but she had never seen Clint Barton so silent and stupid. He said nothing worth hearing – looked without seeing – admired without intelligence – listened without knowing what she said. While he was dull, Pepper could not lift any spirits, and her clumsy attempts to lift the mood made the already insufferable Clint even worse.
She can feel Steve’s gaze on her the entire evening, noting how it makes the back of her neck feel alight.
“It is my duty, and I am sure it is my wish,” she continued, “to never marry!”
Tony is uncharacteristically silent as they fall to the ground together.
“Miss you babe.” He says out loud to nothing, and heads to the labs quick and sure.
Obie sits up now, takes charge at the head of the table with a slick smile and raised hands, “Anthony, you may not like this life. But it’s yours. It’s not Mr Rogers - a veteran with no prospects.”
. Why she was suddenly some lovelorn fool she had no idea.
that Tony's in a meeting just to rile him up. He'll watch Tony make bed restraints strong enough to hold him with hooded eyes and the minute they are ready pull Tony into their bedroom with a moan. Steve is perfect, beautiful. Wrecked and rotten.
He stands tall, furious, chest heaving. There is sweat on his brow and fire in his lungs now, “If you touch a hair on Steve’s head, if you even think about thinking about him, I will not write another line of code or another line of design for you again.”
“You will not ask me what is the point of my envy? For once you are determined, to have no curiosity. Wise, I am sure, but Antonia I cannot be wise. I must tell you even if I wish it unsaid in the next moment.”
"Huh. Well, you don't happen to have your
"No fucking way man! How come you hook the hot ones?"
Scheming was necessary to facilitate friendship once more. Concession must be out of the question, but it was time to appear to forget that they had ever quarreled; she had hoped it might not rather assist the restoration of friendship, that when he came into the room after supper, she was alone holding the Banner’s baby, a young girl of the name Harriet. It did assist; for though he began with grave looks and short questions, his gaze soon burned with fierce affection, and he was soon led on to talk of them all in the usual way, and to take the child out of his arms with perfect amity. Antonia could feel their friendship shrouding her slowly once more; and the conviction giving her at first great satisfaction, then a little confidence, she could not help herself saying, as he was admiring the baby.
He made no answer; merely looked at Natasha a moment too long, and soon said afterwards in a lively tone.
“I want everything you’ve just said. I do. Shit - Steve - I want to tattoo it on my skin, I want to take out a two page ad in the Chronicle. I just - I just need to deal with college, I want Howard to be able to do nothing about it. Which means I need to be 21. Can you wait for me?”
her answer? – Nay you wrote her answer, Antonia! You persuaded her to refuse him. Look at me, Antonia.” Antonia catches his eye, caught in his bright blues once more, “You are the reason for this. You could never lie to me with any success.”
It was almost laughable, if not for the sorry circumstance, that Mrs Coulson, a woman who had been disliked for twenty-five years, was now spoken of with compassionate allowances. The event acquitted her of all the precociousness, and selfishness, that had been placed upon her in life.
They make their way back up the stairs together, and before they enter the kitchen Tony claps Steve’s shoulder once more and squeezes.
Tony is aware of pain, far off like it’s coming to him from underwater. He’s sunk to his knees on the cold floor with a clatter, can feel fear round his heart like a vice. He pushes worry down the bond, panic escalating in his throat when he gets nothing back. He gets a scream of confusion and agony in feedback before silence so oppressive it’s like smothering out a candle. It’s only made worse for the fact
Mr. Hammer turns and inclines his head to Pepper, who blushes prettily at the attention. “Well Miss Stark’s friend, can be one no less to me.” And with that he steps to his place at the table, opens his napkin with a flourish, and the meal begins.
"That's absurd." Tony crows, "him? Captain America? Are you having me on? Am I getting punk'd? Is Ashton Kutcher about to burst out the woodwork with a camera crew? Did I miss the hidden cameras? Are we on Ellen?" Steve snorts and Tony flashes him a quick smile.
greedy with it. Steve’s quick to help him, rucking the offending item over his broad shoulders and throwing it somewhere to the floor. Tony’s brain goes offline for a gorgeously blissful moment, tracking golden skin, muscular arms and harsh lines of a body made for battle. Steve doesn’t notice, too focused on gaining access to Tony’s lips again, seeking them out like water in the desert. His back is a solid wall to the sunlight filtering in from the kitchen window, coating Tony in shade. He’s slightly shorter than Tony like this, head tilted up into Tony’s eye line, always always always giving Tony the power. Tony wants to bottle this feeling, wear it like perfume on the inside of his wrists and the crook of his neck. He seeks purchase on the expanse of Steve’s skin, huffs a moan against Steve’s lips, curves his fingers against the waistband of Steve’s sweatpants. He’s grinning against Steve’s lips, happiness (is it his or Steve’s or a combination of both?) threatening to consume him. “Come on.” He urges, bites Steve’s bottom lip, “Come on, baby.”
“About Natasha Romanov. Did you ever hear anything so strange? Mr. Marvel told me himself. I met him just now on my way to you. He told me it was a great secret; therefore I should not think of mentioning it to anybody but you, but he said you knew it.”
friend.
Such feelings rapidly restored Mr. Marvel’s comfort, while Mrs. Marvel was more quiet in her appraisal. She could only see how her husband suffered so when his charge wasn’t near, and how she bore the suffering of him on herself.
Steven’s eyes are serious now, wrinkles at the corners crinkling in consternation. He turns to set his glass down, before turning back and fixing her with a gaze so earnest she feels her cheeks flame.
“What, he would never share a little joke with you?” the words come out mean, scathing, he doesn’t mean for them to, and she stares at him with surprise.
“Yes, but, as to the rest, leave it to me!” she persisted.
Pepper, who stood now at some distance, with her face turned from her, not immediately able to speak either. And when she did, her voice was as agitated as Antonia’s.
Mr. Hammer was still talking, and Antonia was disappointed when she found he was only giving his fair companion an account of yesterday’s party at his friend Cole’s. Not only seemingly innocent, but also a fairly tedious subject.
No, there was the dare Nat gave him and Bucky to see who could make it downstairs fastest and Steve immediately jumped out a second story window and broke a wrist. Top 15. Top 15 for sure.
“Nay, I had it from you. You wrote me word of it three months ago.”
how hard it is when I am this fantastic to be stuck with two people who don’t understand as an audience.”
“I don’t need to get laid. I
Once the interrogation was over, Maria gratefully observed, “Steve it is so very kind of you to come out to call upon us fresh from your journey. You must be so very fatigued.”
Clint turned instantly to Antonia, to claim his former promise; loudly boasting himself an engaged man. Antonia felt Natasha's eyes on her, sad and wide, and she fought the discomfort at the base of her neck. Captain. Rogers and Mrs. Hammer led the way, Captain Rogers stepping out the sidelines for but one dance and one dance alone, in order to soothe Mrs. Hammer’s expectation of leading the dance.
“I’m - there are - I have scars.” Tony bites off, eyes darting anywhere but Steves gaze. Steve softens, his hands quieter. Each movement is slow, telegraphing every twitch to Tony, letting him catalogue and understand every move with every opportunity for escape.
When they are brought to Steve, the first thought Tony has is how small he looks, swallowed up by swathes of bandages and pillows and a bed large enough for both of them. Steve never looks small, he looks larger than life, is all broad shoulders and thickly corded muscle. The bed and endless monitors around Steve makes a mockery of him, makes him look less than the centre of Tony’s world.
“You should go.
Steven was silent for a while, and perhaps no more than a few months ago his silence would have caused Antonia to rush in with jokes and jests, but she knew now to let him breathe. He dropped her hand, and the silence grew still, pregnant with potential, but she was thankful for it. It gave her time to commit to memory just how handsome a figure he cut.
“It is just a name, you know.” He speaks quietly, soothing.
The first time they have sex, Tony refuses to have the lights on. He doesn’t think he can stand seeing the italics hugging Steve’s arm lit up by his table lamp.
One morning, about ten days after the news from Richmond, Antonia was called downstairs to Mr. Marvel, who ‘could not stay five minutes, and wanted to particularly speak with her’. He met her at the parlour-door, and hardly asking how she did, in the natural key of his voice, sunk it immediately, to say “Can you come to Randalls at any time this morning? Do it, if possible. Mrs. Marvel wants to see you.”
This birthday tastes different though, and he fidgets on his feet as Sarah smiles wide and assesses him before she leaves for another night shift. He feels excitement bubble in the back of his throat, feels nerves dance across his skin.
To Peggy, bleeding out in his arms.
“What?” Is all Steve can answer before Tony darts round the desk with speed, landing in Steve’s lap. He reaches out with his hands to steady him, and is rewarded with a handful of
He sits on the top of a roof as a soulbond tears across his skin and marks it, the streets of New York continuing its frenetic pace none the wiser to the paradigm shift occurring just a couple hundred feet above.
.” Stevens voice whines as the sound of soft footfalls accompany it, signalling his departure. There is good natured humour behind it, and this conversation feels well worn, like an old coat, like the jokes Tony and Jarvis might occasionally have if they know Howard is out on business. Tony feels utterly out of his depth, and like he’s committing the biggest trespass to even be listening to a conversation so clearly not meant for him.
“This is stupidity! Where is our security! Someone throw this scum out!” And it takes a moment for it to register that Howard means Steve, not Tony. Happy’s there, and Tony doesn’t let it sting him when he rests a hand on Steve’s shoulder, tugs him towards the door.
?” Tony’s voice is a little high pitched when he eventually manages to summon up the words, the pair blessedly alone at the corner of the bar because he’s not sure how he ends up in these situations but hey he’s Tony Stark he’ll roll with it, “
“I met James.” Steve starts, and Tony’s stomach just bottoms out. He can’t speak past the drought in his throat, and he can feel bile rising to his mouth.
“She was pleased with the pies.” Antonia says by way of direct answer, and hates how Steven’s look of pleasant surprise and admiration shoots straight to her heart, continuing, “I reminded Miss. Hill she is to be our guest next Thursday for supper and backgammon.”
This is a good thing, it is better this way.
guest, she thinks she would have an argument on her hands to the contrary, given the fact he was more than six years her senior and one of the most sought after dinner guests of the whole of Highbury.
“So, Anthony Stark has a soul bond.” Howard never pulls a punch. Tony feels his words like a slap on his skin, drops the glass of champagne to the table with a crash, spilling fizz across the tablecloth, “Even now you defy me, after everything I’ve done for you.”
because who are we kidding, it’s Tony Stark). It’s a little awkward to begin, too much teeth, but then they shift and
“She’s everywhere I go, guest of honor! Droning on about her sister’s new barouche or her dresses and finery. She thinks we are some sort of medieval group of cavemen who had never seen grace and manners in our life! She had the cheek to say maybe it was a
Such feelings rapidly restored Mr. Marvel’s comfort, while Mrs. Marvel was more quiet in her appraisal. She could only see how her husband suffered so when his charge wasn’t near, and how she bore the suffering of him on herself.
“Come on Clint.”
Jarvis had been in the family for seventeen years, less as a butler and more of a highly disapproving yet amused uncle with an alarming fondness for Antonia which included sighing and hiding her ridiculous schemes from her mother. The use of the term butler had all but ceased, and the shadow of any authority he may hold over Antonia (aside her desperate wish to please him) had all but dissipated. This left Antonia to do whatever she liked; always heeding Jarvis’s judgement, but never at the expense of her own.
“Christmas weather.” Observed Mr. Hammer, not to be swayed by Banner’s impolite reply, “Quite seasonable, and at least we are fortunate enough that it did not begin yesterday and impede today’s party. I was once snowed up at a friend’s house once for a week and nothing could have been more pleasant.”
The girl at the counter hides the roll of her eyes when she hears what he wants, but he doesn’t care.
“Steve.” Tony’s voice is soft, slightly croaky with lack of use but Steve can’t help the rush of relief that courses through his blood at the fact Tony can talk, can finish a word.
“You think I’m handsome then?” Naturally Tony is wonderful, he moves past the thinly veiled self-attack for what it is, and focuses on the part of the sentence he blurted out in too brutal honesty. Steve looks at the other man in the mirror, and the air in the car suddenly becomes thick with the unspoken kiss they shared yesterday.
be serious." Tony barks, ignoring Steve's soothing hand on the small of his back like a brand, "I have had a difficult day, quite frankly awful, and all I want is to relax with a hot espresso, my hotter companion, and go to bed. So, with all due respect, you need to give me a straight answer as to why you won't give me my key card so I can be on my way."
you have any news of Natasha Romanov.”
“Well I admit I do not presume to know he didn’t, rather that I thought she had spent the whole day with you, leaving little room for love confessions.”
“I’m here.”
in higher regard than yours.”
The wide shoulders and strong arms that often wrapped round Steve awkwardly to hug.
Or not. Steve needs to get new friends.
It felt like but a moment that they arrived and agreed the space was certainly large enough, Clint bundling Antonia into his arms to ‘test the floor space’ with a quick dance that left Antonia breathless with laughter.
Truly, she is unable to understand Steven’s motivations. She knew that whatever had disturbed them had broken a moment so finely strung she was unlikely to experience it again. There had been a stirring of …
. 2. He was in a field hospital in Iraq only until he stabilised, then was being moved to Senegal and hopefully from there to the US. Tony only makes one house call, stops by Sarah Rogers. She answers, teary eyed and hollow. “Anthony,” she sobs, “my Steve.”
“Allow me to interpret this interesting silence. It confesses you have long understood me. Forgive me for being a novice, er, in the ways of love. But I assume you of course modestly refuse me the first time.” He moves forward, as though to kiss her, and she is so horrified she leaps backward, against the sheepskin as though it can save her, and all her brain can shout is
“What do you want.” Steve asks, voice trembling around a whisper. This feels sacred now, feels like worship at altar, to have Tony splayed out like this in front of him, hair fanning the pillow like spilled ink, eyes molten.
“Well, hop to it soldier.” Tony grins, links his legs around Steve’s waist that makes the angle of Steve inside him shift with a delicious slide.
He’s not sure what sorcery has been at work in the past twenty four hours, but it’s like his guardian angel has suddenly remembered he exists, sending him endless good things to make up for the utter shittiness that was his childhood and adolescence. When he wakes, he’s alone, curled up in the imprint of Steve’s body in the bed, still warm from his skin. He can hear faint sounds of life, of opened drawers and stacking plates, and there’s a wafting smell of bacon grease that has Tony salivating. He hadn’t ended up eating anything at Thanksgiving after all.
“Okay, okay. We can do this.”
They kept plotting, heads bent, to the amusement of Mr and Mrs Marvel, and it soon became a certainty that the five couples could make at least ten. But then came the problem, that the room at the Marvels was not large enough for such a size, and fear of a cramped ballroom with the inability to move and enjoy made them seize on the next problem.
“He didn’t wear the glasses, but I want to see the glasses now. I don’t think anything could make him look sexier than he already does, but I’d love to be proven wrong.”
. He’s folded in Steve’s arms like a swooning dame, and something rears up in his brain about how he hates being fragile, being small. He doesn’t have time to ruminate on it long before Steve quietens the racing thoughts by bending to place a kiss on his brow, taking the stairs two at a time barely pausing for breath. Tony’s always been distinctly aware that his mark is strong, but to have the proof up close and personal is different entirely. It makes something dark in him crow, makes him absurdly proud that this is his. No one else’s.
even Steve’s surprised by them, and by Tony’s moan so is he. They are far more confident than Steve’s should be, but
“Oh, my customers always leave me satisfied.” Steve says, low and husky, eyes devouring Tony stretched out before him, “Leave your hands there.” He says, command threading his tone, desire flowing through Tony like quicksilver, before using both his own hands to sit up. The angle sparks something delicious up Tony’s back that wrenches a groan from his lips, Steve’s eyes zeroing in on the sound with a lick of his lips. He kneels above Tony, lit up from the skylight like some dirty angel. The rhythm is slow, a delicious slide that is so far from rushed Tony thinks he can feel every inch and drag. Steve looks down at him with a gaze close to adoration, like Tony is his lodestar, his center point which everything else merely revolves around. The room is quiet aside the filthy sound of skin sliding, of heavy breathing, but it fills the room with something like a confession.
“Yes.”
Fury walked straight back into the elevator that was waiting for him, the three other men knowing full well not to say another word to him.
“I am not trying to pull anything. You think I’m gonna sabotage your big break? Fat chance. Look around, Fury. I built this shit from the ground up, for you. For this. It will work out.”
He’s wearing a grey chequered plaid suit with brown elbow patches and a brown belt, his trademark purple shirt tightly buttoned across his chest and tucked into his trousers.
Steve dropped the phone and ran to his balcony door, almost removing it from its hinges as he forced it open and threw himself at the railing. The impact and the minus twenty wind-chill knocked the air from his lungs and forced him to gasp for breath through the tears. He thought back on his life of love and loss, how he wished he could just not feel these things because life would be simpler without them. But how good the highs were. The nights when they went to bed early but caught no sleep. The overwhelming love he felt in the morning waking up next to Tony. Attending briefings together where Tony would fall asleep on his shoulder.
“I just mean, like, didn’t you get a grieving period at all?”
“Good afternoon, gentlemen.” Tony smiled, his eyes landing on the man in the middle, the only one who was unfamiliar.
“Captain America, huh? That’s kind of awesome.” Clint smiled. Tony looked down.
“It’s really great to finally meet you,” Steve said, turning in his bar stool to face Tony who was standing looking out of the windows. “I’ve heard so much about you over the past year, it’s crazy to me that so soon after everything went down I get to work with you.” He finished.
“Sorry, I was asleep. I, um-”
“Steve.” His voice was low. He sounded tired.
In all his years of fighting, confrontation and stress, Steve had never felt as afraid as he did in that moment. His body began to tremble and his hands shook as he dug the phone up from beneath scattered papers and unread books, not hesitating for a moment and flipping it open quicker than he could check who was calling. He knew. There was no one else it could be.
“Tony. Did you hear what I just said?”
Once Nick has finished with the formalities, they headed back through to the bar for a drink. Nick placed himself behind the bar, made himself a drink, and then asked what Steve and Thor wanted. Steve asked for the closest beer and then when Thor asked for a Jack Daniels, Fury looked at Tony and said; “well would you look at that - you two already have something to bond over!” and laughed to himself. When his joke was met with silence from Steve and Thor, Tony excused himself and headed to the bathroom.
When their eyes met, Tony felt every emotion that he had been pushing down for the last two years. Of course he hadn’t been completely alone since Pepper. He’d still had his best friend and right hand man James Rhodes, but Rhodey has been stationed abroad for the past 6 months, so Tony had spent a lot of time alone. He had no one to confide in or talk to, let alone share his crazy midnight inventions with - until now.
“Tony. Tomorrow.” Steve insisted, pulling on fists of his own hair to stop himself from completely breaking down.
“Tony, I-”
“It’s nice to finally meet you, Tony. After all these years.” He heard the Captain say. The mention of their presumed shared history made the pit in his stomach flutter and sink.
“I’m sure it is,” Tony said, his usual protective screen of arrogance shooting back up.
His front door was wide open.
“Oh I wouldn’t worry, Nick, that’s just the effect you have on people. Maybe it’s the all black look you got going on.” Tony jumped to his feet to alleviate the tension and avoid Steve saying something honest and righteous about the situation.
Tony decided that the best way around this situation was to avoid the topic altogether. Of course, it may come up during their initial introductions, but if Tony kept his distance from Steve and, when he couldn’t help that, avoid the topic of his father in conversation, Steve would get the message. As he pulled on a new pair of jeans and layered a long sleeved t-shirt with a short sleeved t-shirt, he ran through all of the possibilities in his head. Steve getting the hint that he didn’t want to talk about his past, Steve firstly insisting and then eventually catching on, all the way to Steve chasing him around like a bunny rabbit desperate to discuss the great Howard Stark, not giving up until Tony literally punched the hint through his throat. After a satisfying chuckle at this image in his head, Tony sat down on his bed, faced with his reflection in the mirror. Look at you, the mess your father turned you into.
Fury spent an hour or so going through the logistics of things in the adjacent briefing room that Stark had only yesterday been talking to Nat and Clint in. They discussed everything from uniforms to mission protocol, all the while Tony made sure to keep his eyes fixed on Fury. He occasionally felt Steve’s eyes burning into him from across the table, but he never faltered. He was afraid of vulnerability after how easy it had proven for other people to hurt him, and he was afraid that if he were to look at Steve, Steve would be able to see inside his soul. He couldn’t let his eyes betray him. Not again.
The water burned into his skin as he stood dead still, crying into both of his hands. What a fucking mess he’d become, a long ways away from the Tony Stark that is endlessly reported on; the Tony Stark who had been the perfect successor to Howard Stark, the Tony Stark who America trusted with their national security, the Tony Stark that the world wanted to believe in. Right then, in that moment, he felt worlds away from that Tony Stark. He felt like nothing, insignificant, worthless. This Avengers project was the only thing left to give Tony a purpose after all of these lonely years full of dead end projects and breakdowns. This had to work. But how could it? It was tainted by a ghost of Tony’s past that would arrive in the form of Steve Rogers. Would Steve remember Howard the way the public did? Or the way he really was? Steve couldn’t know the intricacies of the abuse Tony suffered. He wouldn’t know about Tony forgetting to eat while Howard and Maria went away for days on end, JARVIS being his reminder. He wouldn’t know about the adolescent drug abuse. He wouldn’t know about the screaming matches, the slammed doors, the thrown punches. But would he understand that Howard wasn’t all he’s now remembered as? Or Tony was about to be forced to work in close quarters with a man who remembered his abusive father as a hero? Tony leaned both hands and his forehead on the tiled bathroom walls as he realised that he would not have an ally in Steve Rogers. He knew that Steve would see Howard as nothing less than a hero. No one did. Only Tony.
“Listen to me. You want to know what I regret the absolute most? What I hate myself for? The way that I don’t hate you. Not at all. Not even a little bit. I say I do but I don’t.” Tony started to cry now, his words slurring into one another. “I don’t hate you. I don’t regret us. I just want you to feel the hurt I felt. The hurt I feel, right here, right now. I wish I was with you, I wish I could push you and hit you and kiss you and just fucking love you. I need you, Steve.”
“Jeez, for your sake, Romanoff, I hope he isn’t that robotic in bed.” Tony stood from his chair and walked toward the kitchen as Nat laughed and looked away, unable to hide her cheeky smile.
“Good morning, Stark!” Fury said, his loud and deep voice filling the room, the volume of which Tony knew was deliberately heightened to fuck with him.
“Like you fucking care.”
The two shared a look and a moment of silence before Nat cleared her throat.
“We.” Tony answered, strolling out from behind the bar with a scotch in hand, his coffee abandoned on the counter. “When you two were away, I was approached by Nick Fury regarding a shelved S.H.I.E.L.D. project that he wants to bring back to the table.” He explained, taking short steps toward Nat and Clint on the lower level of the vast floor. “His plan is to bring together a group of so-called “remarkable” people to “do the jobs that we never could”, Tony explained with air quotes, “or something like that. To tell you the truth, I wasn’t really listening. After “remarkable” my mind began to wander. To you two – and to Banner.” Something unidentifiable flashed through Nat’s eyes as her steely-eyed-agent stare returned and denied any feeling from being shown. Banner. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. After all this time, she might see Bruce again?
“Loki Odinson.” Fury stated. When met with a confused look, Fury assured; “you won’t have heard of him. His crimes are way below your pay grade. Just some low-end smuggling and trafficking of alien technology on and off of Earth.” He explained. “SHIELD agreed to pardon him as we felt that what Thor has to offer us as a unit is far beyond that sacrifice.” Fury raised an eyebrow at Tony.
The laughter stopped.
“Tony.” A familiar voice snapped Tony back to reality. He turned his head away from the windows to see who had called his name.
Steve rushed around the apartment searching for the source of the ringing and the closer he got to his bedside table, the closer he came to realizing where the sound was coming from. It was the burner phone.
“Damn, and I thought it would be weird with Banner and me, who knew!” Tony heard Nat say from behind Bruce.
“Yeah, I’m sorry about that. Couldn’t risk being here with the big guy so...sensitive.” Bruce shrugged. “But I’m here now, lucky for SHIELD. Heard this place has been falling apart without me?” He laughed.
“His brother being…?” Tony asked.
“You know what I regret the most?”
“Steve.” Tony took another step toward him. “Please. You know this is what’s right. You know that neither of us will be able to move on until we know.” He moved a final step closer to Steve, ending only a foot away.
“What do you say, huh?” Tony took a deep, shaky breath. “One more try. We put our all into it and if it fucks up again, we know we gave it our best shot. No wondering, no regrets.” He whispered, his voice desperate and broken.
“Before you go anywhere, I have something to show you. Well, a few things.” He said nonchalantly. “Follow me,” he said, heading for a door that the other two hadn’t noticed, almost as if it wasn’t there before.
“Tomorrow...goodnight.” Tony hung up the phone before Steve could say another word.
He does. Of course he does, he and Tony had been friends during. Bruce had dealt with Tony falling asleep in class because he had been too afraid to sleep the night before, the minor inconveniences causing major breakdowns, the waking up to a knock at the door at 4am. Bruce knows.
“Thanks. You too.” His lip curled upward to form a small and brief smile.
“Steve. Steven Rogers, Captain Rogers, Captain fucking America.” Tony was angry, that much was certain, but what was more worrying was that he was slurring his words.
The short walk felt like the nights he’d spend waiting for his mom to come home when it was just himself and Howard in the house; stretched and full of fear, his stomach and vision giving off a feeling of television static. He grabbed onto the walls of the corridors leading to the restroom until he could fall to his knees, grip the bowl and vomit. Fantastic. He considered all of his possible escape routes but even the most mischevious part of his brain knew that he couldn’t leave.
The elevator bell let out a harsh ding and made both of them jump. As they turned to look at who was on the other side of the doors, Tony sighed as Bruce spoke.
“I don’t want to hurt you again. And I worry that what you’re saying now, you’ll regret in the morning. When you’re sober.” It took everything Steve had not to say yes. To throw caution to the wind, to feel the fear and say fuck it and do it anyway. Because he never wanted to feel the heartbreak of the past few weeks again.
“So how was it having to readjust to a brand new kind of world?” He said. It felt like he had spoken for an hour.
“Drunk. Affected by alcohol to the extent of losing control of one's faculties or behaviour. Yeah. Yeah I’m fucking drunk. Would I call you sober? I mean, God, would I even look at you sober? Probably not. You’re disgusting.” Tony spat. His words cut through Steve and stung far more than any punch Tony had ever landed on him. “I mean, I gave my everything to you. Literally, everything. All of me. Everything I have, everything I am, I shared with you. And you pull this shit on me? You lied. You lied! You’re a fucking liar! You knew Barnes killed my parents. You’d known for years. You kept it from me. And for what? So you could leave me for him when he came back? You kept secrets from me, you didn’t share with me you weren’t there for me. Not when I needed it.” He sounded like he was crying now, but so was Steve, so he couldn’t truly tell. “You never committed to this, to us, because you were waiting for something better to come along. I should’ve known, should’ve known I wasn’t good enough for you to love me, but God I think I just wished so hard that I was, that I started to believe it.” He was laughing again. Steve felt like the floor was being ripped from beneath him. “I started to believe that you loved me, that you wanted me, that you needed me. The way I needed you. But you didn’t. Ever. Isn’t that just fucking hysterical?”
“Who died?” Fury’s bellowing voice cut through the silence like a white hot knife through butter.
“Crazy,” was all Tony could manage in response.
“Don’t bullshit me Rogers. You never loved me, did you?”
“I’m sorry?”
“Change of plans.” Fury asserted quickly, knowing to expect a smartass comment from Tony if he wasn’t quick to state the reason he’d called. “Thanks for getting Nat on board with Banner’s recruitment. She found him, he’s in, and they’re on their way to the compound. Clint is in for a fitting for a new transistor but he’ll be over soon. My recruits will arrive with me, in t-minus fifty minutes. Oh. And thanks for answering. Eventually.” Fury enunciated. Fuck. Tony had sent him to voicemail. More than once, by the sounds of it.
“Yeah, I mean, what are you expecting this to turn into? A frat house?” Nat joked, unaware of just how much that comment had hurt Tony. Was his loneliness so obvious that even when he created something so beautiful, it only served as a reminder that no-one would use it?
He spent an hour on the balcony, his head in his hands, shivering, crying, longing. Thinking on what had been, what could be. When he found the strength in himself to turn around and go bad inside, suddenly the Manhattan wind-chill and running into a railing knocking the air out of his lungs wasn’t his biggest problem.
“Don’t you fucking dare talk to me about regret. You want to know what I regret you want to know what I fucking REGRET?! You. I regret you. This. Us. I wish I never met you, Steve, I really do. For the longest time, I thought I’d never find someone who loved me truly, completely, all of me, everything I had. I thought I had found that in you. I really did.”
“Avengers?” Clint asked.
“Yeah. Yeah, I remember.” Bruce sighed.
“Are? Are?! Is that why you damn near killed me not one month ago?!”
Instead, Tony did the same thing he’d been doing every night for the past three years. He opened up a scotch, drank the contents from the bottle, and fell asleep wrapped in a thick blanket on the couch in his personal living area. The only difference here being that he was in the new Avengers compound, not his own apartment. He had thought that getting settled in there before everyone else arrived would mean he could help them learn the way around and turn it into a home. The sheer size of the building only made his loneliness worse, the brand new king bed occupied by one serving as another reminder that he is ultimately unloved and alone. The couch here was the same as his couch at home - it felt impersonal. It was the best place for him to sleep, and the television provided noise to keep him company. The white noise stopped his thoughts getting too damn loud while the alcohol helped to slow his brain down and allow him to sleep.
“You wish, Banner.” Tony said. “Listen, I need to talk to you about some stuff before this all goes down.” He walked to Bruce and spun them both around so they were facing away from Nat and Clint. “Y’know that one thing I’m super sensitive about?” He said frantically.
“Oh, here he fucking goes, Mr High And Fucking Mighty. I’m drunk because of you. I broke seven years of sobriety because of you.”
“I was really lucky to get to work so closely with your father, and…” as Steve spoke, Tony tuned out. Two sentences. Two fucking sentences it took him to bring up Howard. God fucking dammit. “So I think it’s admirable, the way you took his place so seamlessly. Must’ve been tough.”
Steve had nothing to say. He wanted Tony too, but he was far too stubborn, far too headstrong to admit it. He had no way to reply, so he just cried. They cried together.
“It had better. If it fails, I am not having it land on my shoulders. If it fails, you will be blamed.” He said, turning and heading for the door he entered through. About halfway there he stopped and turned back to Tony.
“That’s what he’s calling it. The Avengers Initiative. It needs to go well. I think SH.I.E.L.D. have a lot riding on it.” He said, continuing to pace, this time back in the direction of the floor-to-ceiling windows installed perpendicular to the bar. “Fury has two other people in mind. One’s some kind of God from another planet and one’s this guy – you might have heard of him, probably not – named Steve Rogers.” Tony said, struggling to hide his anger. His whole childhood had been lived in Steve’s shadow. He had been close friends of Howard’s and any argument that came between Tony and his dad always lead to a comment about Steve. The “great American hero who did something with his life”.
“Welcome to your new home.” Tony said, his words unenthusiastic, as if admitting to the room that he could never feel at home with Steve here. Tony didn’t just avoid eye contact with Steve - he avoided looking at him altogether. He observed through his periphery that he was wearing a long-sleeved dress shirt with the sleeves cuffed up to his elbows, tucked into black jeans which lead down to simple golden brown boots. He didn’t dare risk observing his face or hair, only taking note of what he could manage to decipher while looking directly at Fury and his other recruit.
“Living area. Uh-floor...floor 12.”
“Okay, what’s up?” Bruce changed his tone when he realised Tony genuinely seemed scared.
In the room that it led to, a short staircase lead down to a vast, open space with black and gold marble floors. To the left of them was a whole wall of floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking central park, and, in-front of them, a huge bar designed with the same marble as the floor. Shelves and shelves of alcohol flanked by fridges full of bottled drinks from pale ales to lemonades, rows of champagne and wine glasses accompanied by jars of fruit to garnish, and jars of metal straws and drink decorations. Over to the right, the whole floor had three steps that led down to a seating area, the marble floor covered with a white carpet and accompanied by sofas and chairs that mirrored the gold in the floor. Tucked away in the corner was a fire pit that sunk a further three feet into the floor, a sophisticated filtration and ventilation system hanging from the ceiling, unnoticeable unless you were looking for it.
“He.” Tony cuts in, word a freshly sharpened blade. He watches her with steely eyes, dares her to say anything.
Tony won't be stopped now, "We've had a truly foul day, including Von Doom trying to choke slam me, do not test me."
“I don’t know Sir.” Despite the fact that on occasion, Steve can’t stand this man, all full of false platitudes and hollow half-truths, he was still raised to be polite. A skinny kid from Brooklyn who has nothing going for him has to cultivate a reputation on his irreproachable manners and his attitude, and so even though he tries he can’t force himself to drop the Sir at the end of every sentence.
Instead of drawing Captain Rogers off to a window while they waited for dinner, he was talking to Miss Romanov. Mrs. Hammer, as elegant as pearls and lace could attempt to make her, was clearly annoyed to be slighted with a lack of enthusiasm or interest. But Bruce Banner was not one for false pleasantries, and Miss Romanov was an old acquaintance and a quiet girl more suitable to his calm and gentle speed. He had met her before breakfast as he was returning from a walk with his little girl, when it had been just beginning to rain. It was natural to have some civil turn on the subject, and he said,
hands against his bare flesh. He sucks in a gasp, tenses a moment, before Tony centers him with another deluge of kisses that swoop into Steve’s stomach and make him feel like he’s falling.
Bruce wanders in, hearing the noise, and sits on the sofa beside Clint, letting Clint rest his head on the scientist’s lap after a few whines of “pleaseeeee”. Every so often he begins writing equations down with his finger on the armrest, before Steve reaches into his pants pocket for one of his various sketchbooks, and grabs him a pencil from the table. Bruce smiles his thanks, and when he can’t stop that brain from working writes numbers madly into the margin to keep him calm.
Thor pauses, unsure what to say next and Steve realises just how smart the man truly is. He manages to hide it well, behind words of grandeur and flowing capes, but he is just as intelligent as Tony or Bruce, if in a different way. This world is truly alien to him, but he accepts all the madness of Facebook or Phones with a smile and a demand to know exactly how it works (even if he gets frustrated at having to limit his speeches of glory to 140 characters on twitter). He likes loud music (watching Tony and Clint teaching him how to headbang was possibly the funniest thing Steve has ever seen).
He walked slowly and unsteadily back toward the door to the living area which burst open just as he reached for the handle. Nick entered and closed the door behind him, walking toward Tony quickly, forcing Tony to retreat until he slammed his lower back against a table. Despite Tony now being in crippling pain, Nick still yelled at him in as hushed a voice as he could manage.
A shrill, unfamiliar sound cut through the air. Steve, being half asleep on the couch in front of the quiet, dim television, took a moment to register it. He pushed himself up, his body still aching. Three weeks had passed since the fight in Siberia and he was still limping, still dreaming about the fear in Tony’s eyes when his mask came off, wishing he hadn’t been the one to make Tony feel that way. He was supposed to be on the other side, right? Fighting for Tony, not against him. But Bucky means the world to him. He is the only tangible connection Steve has to his past. Tony knew this and fought him anyway. How was Steve supposed to feel about that?
“I’m sorry, I’m only trying to be a friend—”
“What?! No! I mean, yes, obviously, I just want to see her happy.” As Tony panicked to answer the question, Bruce laughed at how he can still get Tony’s gears turning after all the years they’d spent apart. “But shut up! No. This is so much more important than that.” Tony insisted. “You know what I’m talking about.”
“Just give me a second to say me peace, will you?” Tony ran his shaking hands through his short hair, seemingly trying to compose himself. “Here it is. In the last three weeks, I rebounded. I thought I could just go back to my old ways, erase you with others. But I couldn’t. I’d cry and leave before my second drink. I can’t escape you. You are what I want, no one else. There is nothing I want or need more than this. Us. Remember the day we got up early and watched the sky go from pitch black to sunrise on your balcony?” he gestured toward the balcony and took a step closer. “The time I had to sleep on your floor on that mission because my room was next door to Clint’s and he and Nat were at it like rabbits on Viagra. The time I took you out for a drink because I didn’t believe anyone could be so reserved as you were. These are all moments that I remember clearer than all of the science in the world, because they’re all moments in which I fell in love with you just that little bit more. I can’t let this go, not without another try. Please, Steve.” He begged, now only a few steps from Steve.
“I’m sorry.” Steve sighed. “If I—if I overstepped a line. Before. I was just trying to make conversation.” He approached Tony. “I really admire you and all of the work you’ve done for SHIELD. And, well, the world,” he added. “I don’t wanna start this on the wrong foot.” He said, his smile never faltering until Tony saw it.
“This is Thor,” Fury said, cutting through the silence that followed Tony’s empty statement. “Of Asgard. He has agreed to work with us provided we grant his brother immunity for his previous criminal actions on earth and cease our pursuit of prosecution.” Fury said.
“It was fine, the target was taken out and the threat was eliminated.” Clint stated, matter-of-fact and straight. He clenched his jaw as Tony smirked and tried to tease a moment of weakness out of him.
And Tony was standing in the entryway.
Tony sighed, squeezed his eyes shut, and mustered all the strength he could to enthusiastically push off the bar and spin around. It it took more strength than he had ever called on before.
Shit.
“Yeah, it was. But you’ve had it just as tough, like yeah it was weird having to figure out the way this modern day world works, but it took a shockingly small amount of time. It’s just the world I was in years ago with extra stuff. Whereas you really were thrown into the deep end when Howard passed, from what I’ve heard. Did you really have to just take over straight away?”
in his tower. He helps him move his comically small box of possessions into his apartment and casually says, “
But now Howard is dead, and instead there is Tony Stark. Upon their first meeting, Steve sees so much of Howard in his son, in Tony’s sharp, quick wit, how he holds himself with overpowering confidence while in reality he is constantly seeking approval, and, of course, in his intelligence.
“You got coffee?”
Steve doesn’t really care about the gifts themselves. He thanks Tony for them because Sarah Rogers raised him to be polite, but he’s more appreciative of the thought and effort that Tony puts into them than their monetary value. It’s clear that Tony cares for his team. It may not be obvious who doesn’t know where to look, but Steve sees through Tony as if he were glass.
Steve straight? Tony actually has no idea. “What if it doesn’t?” Tony asks cautiously.
.” And there it is. That earnest expression that is so often on Steve’s face, the one he gets when he’s about to lay himself bare, which he’s doing right now, at 2am, in front of Tony. “You’re smart, and you’re funny, and you’re generous – not just with your money, but with your time and effort. You’re selfless to the point of being self-sacrificing, and the reason people don’t give you the credit you deserve is because you hide all of this behind your walls. But I- we do appreciate you, Tony, we all do, and you are our friend.”
Tony re-enters the living room with a fresh beer and looks around for someone he knows. Which is easier said than done – slightly concerning considering that this is his house party. But he has a reputation as an excellent host, and his large penthouse ten minutes way from campus is a perfect location. So it’s not surprising that people he’s never met before turn up at his parties. And he has some amazing friends who help him clean up afterwards. Speaking of whom…
“Yeah, well, we both know that was bullshit.”
Oh. “Why would it change?” Tony asks.
“You know you can talk to me, Tony. I give pretty good advice. Especially when I’m drunk. I probably won’t even remember this conversation in the morning, so you really can tell me anything.”
Tony isn’t going to push Steve any further, especially not since he’s still drunk. So he stands up. “I should probably head back to my place. Make sure it’s not completely trashed.”
Tony blinks at Steve, clearly surprised. After a moment of silence, he says, “I was wrong about you. You’re… you’re something else, Cap.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, watching as Steve hoists himself up and struggles to keep balanced. “This one’s getting sleepy. You enjoy the rest of the party, just make sure no one breaks anything.”
“Nah, I could do with the exercise. Besides, you got Wilson there to deal with.”
Steve sighs heavily. “I do stupid things when I’m drunk. Lowered inhibitions and all.”
“Yeah, a little,” Tony says.
“Because I’m a good friend. And you don’t need to tidy up if you slept through half the party.” Tony finishes his coffee, rinses out the mug, and walks to the door. “I trust Bucky and Sam can look after you in the morning for when you’re inevitably hungover and irritable?”
Because, as it turns out, Tony Stark’s love language is also gift giving. He fixes the Avengers up with their own space in his tower, even if Steve and Bruce are the only ones to take him up on the offer at first, he pays for their groceries, offers to upgrade Steve’s suit and even the shield (which Steve politely declines, since he doesn’t want to weaponise a symbol of protection). He recommends the best therapists money can buy to Steve as soon as he finds Steve on one of his bad days, when even the slam of a cupboard rings like gunfire in his ears. He fiddles with the wifi until it’s ten times as fast as the standard connection and available throughout the entire tower, including the roof and several metres above it. And he installs every available streaming service on every monitor in the tower (so that Steve has no excuse not to catch up on popular culture, Tony says).
drunk,” Steve says.
“Yeah, you are.” He nudges Steve’s foot with his own. “Drink your tea.”
“Thanks, Tony, but you’ve already done so much for me-” Steve tries to say, but Tony holds up a hand.
“Watch your mouth!” Tony gasps.
“I’m not
“Did you forget the
Tony taps Steve’s shoulder, making the choice for him. “C’mon.
“Because… I don’t know. I’m drunk.”
Steve ducks his head, feeling his face warm. “The offer you made when I first moved in – whatever I needed, I could ask for – it goes both ways.
part of my ‘genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist’ title? Seriously. You want the moon? Just say the world and I’ll throw a lasso around it and pull it down.” He frowns. “Actually, you won’t get that reference. Remind me on Christmas to watch
“Hmm?” Tony glances at him, and there Steve is, looking up at him with that scrutinising expression he gets whenever he sees right through someone’s bullshit. Damn the guy for being so perceptive.
And as weeks living in the tower turn into months, Steve starts to notice the mornings after Tony has a nightmare, how he’s less tactile, how he jumps at the sound of the toaster. He asks JARVIS to wake him up whenever Tony leaves his room in the early hours of the morning in a state of distress, and at first Tony doesn’t question it when Steve starts appearing in the kitchen shortly after he goes to get a glass of water. They sit and talk, and Steve watches as Tony gradually calms down. After a few times, Tony finally asks Steve why he follows him into the kitchen.
“Whoops,” Steve says, and to his credit he looks at least a little sheepish. “I think I’m gonna regret this tomorrow.”
“What?” Tony prompts.
, Tony, you can come to me. Because, believe it or not, there are some things that money can’t buy.”
“Pussy.”
“Mm,” Steve says, which could mean either
“It’s too hot.”
Tony sighs. “Because otherwise I’m just the rich jerk. If I’m generous with what I have, people don’t hate me as much.”
Caught out, Steve grimaces. “When you put it that way, I sound like a creep.”
“Is that a promise?” Tony asks, his heart literally skipping a beat. Odd. Maybe he should get that checked out.
.” He turns the kettle on and fixes Tony with a Look. “Now, we’re going to have a conversation. Do you want tea?”
“Only because you let me,” Steve replies. “And I’m glad you did. I wish…” he trails off, instead gazing down into his mug.
“Hmm?”
. Tony catches him, of course, and keeps an arm around Steve’s shoulders. To make sure he stays upright, he tells himself. Not for any other reason. The elevator opens on the ground floor and they walk together out of the building and into the cool night. The fresh air is an immediate relief for Tony and he takes a deep breath.
Steve searches Tony’s eyes before sighing and leaning back against the couch. “No. I can’t. I’m not brave enough.” He downs half of his tea.
Tony takes a sip of his still-too-hot coffee to avoid looking at Steve.
“You got that right.”
“Do they?”
Which makes the not-so-tiny crush that Tony has on Steve slightly concerning.
But Steve has somehow wormed his way into Tony’s personal space. Despite Tony’s efforts, the stubborn asshole gets through to him like no one except Rhodey has done before, by doing nothing except annoying him into opening up and giving him those ridiculous puppy eyes whenever he senses that Tony is hiding something. The most frustrating part is that Tony’s not even mad about it. Steve is… well. Steve’s great, and he makes Tony feel like he can let his guard down just a little. It’s like a breath of fresh air, where he can just be himself instead of what everyone else wants him to be. Sure, they bicker about half the time they have a conversation, and at the very beginning of their friendship they had a few really big fights, but now Steve is one of Tony’s best friends.
“Most of the things I do when I’m sober I don’t regret,” Steve says. “I’m scared I might… do something tonight that’ll ruin everything.”
“Good. He already doesn’t like me.” Tony takes a seat on the couch.
Bucky’s still frowning at Tony. Tony likes to think they’re good friends, but he can never tell for sure whether Bucky actually enjoys his company or just puts up with him for Steve’s sake. As Steve’s oldest friend, Tony understands that Bucky’s protective of him, especially around Tony, who isn’t known for being responsible. “You sure you want to take him?” Bucky asks. There’s a silent warning in the question.
They reach the apartment Steve shares with Bucky and Sam, and Tony watches silently as Steve fumbles with his keys for a good minute before getting the door open. But as Tony heads towards Steve’s room, Steve plants himself in the lounge. “C’mon, Sleeping Beauty. Let’s get you to bed.”
Tony nods. “I’ll take it.”
“…Yes? Shoot.”
Steve glares at him. “I’m not tired,” he says, yawning. “Anyway, a few lost hours won’t do me any harm since I get at least eight hours every other night,
“Is that a good thing?” Steve asks.
“You wanted to escape,” Steve says next to him.
Steve blinks, and – oh no – now he looks like he’s about to cry. Oh god. Tony can’t deal with a crying Steve. He can’t deal with a crying anyone, but
“Call it what you want, you were definitely unconscious,” Tony insists. “Besides, I need some air.”
Steve groans. “I can’t help you tidy up from here! Why did you walk me back?”
Steve makes his amends to Tony as soon as he can after the battle. He apologises for what he said on the helicarrier, and for the blunders he had made before that. In return, Tony offers him not just a room but an
Steve frowns at him. “No. Not until we talk about earlier.”
. Disappointed, in both Steve and himself. Steve doesn’t realise why, doesn’t find out what kind of man Howard became, until a deep dive on the Internet (which he gets the hang of pretty quickly, thank you very much) brings up old articles about rumours of
“You always do,” Bucky says. Bucky and Sam are usually the ones who have to deal with Hungover Steve, since they’re his roommates. “You wanna go home?”
Tony frowns at him like he’s unsure whether or not to believe him. Finally, he says, “You got JARVIS to tell you whenever I had a nightmare, didn’t you?”
“Hang on, did you just imply that I’m a nerd?” Tony asks.
However, when Steve tells Tony this, the first time they meet – days after Steve comes to in the twenty-first century and he’s still grieving the life he left behind – Tony looks
“Y’know, some people find your cockiness kind of endearing.”
good.”
“You do so much to take care of all of us,” Steve sighs, “that I think you forget to take care of yourself. You deserve to be taken care of.”
“Shut the fuck up.”
“No, you’re an asshole.” The serious look on Steve’s face makes Tony laugh. “But we wouldn’t have you any other way.”
“Do you think that we’re – me and Nat and Rhodey and the others – we’re only your friends because you buy us stuff?” Steve honestly looks like someone has just kicked a puppy in front of him.
Tony is looking at him oddly, like he’s never heard those words directed at him before and he’s trying to work out if this is a joke. And that pains Steve a little, because despite the bickering and all the walls that he understandably has, Tony deserves all of the good things. And making sure that Tony gets them? That’s definitely something he can do.
“Can we not do this in the middle of the street?” Tony quickly interrupts. “I’m walking you home, come on.” He pulls Steve forwards, hoping that he’ll have forgotten this whole conversation by the time they reach his apartment.
He finally spots them packed onto the couch, chatting loudly and amicably. Rhodey and Pepper are watching over them like the mom friends they are, despite definitely being drunk themselves. Pietro is sprawled over Clint, Wanda, and Maria, which can’t be comfortable for any of them, but they seem to be managing. Thor is next to them, telling them a story with wild gestures. Perched elegantly on the coffee table and looking like the canned Long Island Iced Tea she’s drinking isn’t affecting her at all, Natasha is chatting to Carol, who is as drunk as Natasha is sober. Sam is practically sitting on Bucky’s lap, which Bucky is tolerating at best. Bruce is nursing a can of lemonade and spots Tony first, waving him over. And in the middle of it all, Steve has fallen asleep.
Steve lets Tony lead him to the elevator, but as soon as the doors close he pulls away and leans against the mirror instead. “You don’t have to walk me home. I can go by myself,” he says.
Steve opens a cupboard and hops clumsily onto the counter to reach what Tony assumes is Bucky’s instant coffee on the top shelf. “I won’t tell Bucky if you won’t,” Steve says sneakily, confirming Tony’s suspicions.
Tony, always a couple steps ahead of everyone, catches onto what Steve is saying with a shock. But then doubt settles in – Steve’s drunk, Steve’s kind of crying, Steve’s straight.
“Yes,” Tony says decisively. “
Steve scowls at him, but he can’t hold it for long before breaking into a smile. Once again, Tony’s reminded of how gorgeous Steve is. “I like this.”
