He loved the feeling of the soft fabric around his naked body; it felt like a caress that could very well replace human contact. Human contact.
"Obvious. Always are." Sherlock muttered. After that, they walked in silence, each lost in their own thoughts and alerts to their surroundings.
was new. She looked at him from head to toe and a teasing smile started to appear but then she saw his face.
was received thirteen seconds later. He also received a text from Martin telling him the jury had accepted the evidence and was on process,
"You know with the painting issue things got... complicated." He said taking the item to his lips once more.
"Oh, like the detective?" the man asked, and Sherlock scowled, confused. Soon he heard a little laugh at the other side of the phone "I read that blog, do you? Don't tell me... are you him?"
“…in our products. You already noticed the fragrances, the textures, and the variety.” The voice of the recording was a calm voice, the British accent seemed somewhat forced. Sherlock mouthed ‘
John looked at Sherlock the whole time, his mouth a bit open and an obviously amused smile on his lips. His eyes were completely open, as if he saw the man in front of him for the first time. At seeing this expression, Sherlock gave a long exhale and suddenly he had no idea of what to say, he began to blink, and he opened his mouth to say something but he could never remember what it was.
"You trust him!" Mycroft chuckled again, "in this world there are just few people trusting him at first glance... first it was Detective Inspector Lestrade, but I know he can be easy to handle. There was John and now, of all people...
“I have my contacts, Lessss- Greg. We know each other from the time I was in Florida. Hudson’s business was in New York as well.”
John saw, with little disgust, how the girl brushed long fingernails by Sherlock's jaw. His eyes were fixed on hers all the time. Sherlock eyes never moved to look more of her. In John's head, a scene from months ago was replayed. Irene, naked, in front of Sherlock. The detective had said
There was another silence in which John talked with his hands, Sherlock noticed; his finger trailed one of his scars and then it was followed by both of his palms rubbing firmly over shoulder blades with a circular motion. Then there were thumbs; they moved from the back of his neck down to the upper part of his hips. John circled the small of Sherlock’s back with his thumbs and then moved them up again, the rest of his fingers circling Sherlock’s sides; they passed by his hips and waist, all the way up to his armpits.
"Sherlock Holmes." Sherlock said with a frown. He knew that voice and soon the realization hit him, he got surprised how his body responded to that, he wasn't used to have a physical reaction from a mere thought, but his stomach felt revolted. He wasn't used to deal with a real person after an experiment, since they usually involved people – or part of those people – whom... just couldn't demand an explanation
"You should be glad I'm not a killer, you would be dead by now." Sherlock entered the flat with long steps.
"Save it, Greg. Meet me in one hour. 221B, Baker Street." John hung up, still this smirk on his face.
"I was just wondering, since you accepted her invitation to lunch... I told you I was going to ask you some questions, don't turn it on me." John smiled.
He didn't stop stroking, he knew Sherlock was close, especially when Sherlock's hand moved over his demanding more speed and pressure, his hips rocking into their hands, making his arse bump lightly against John's lower belly, managing a wet sound caused by the water falling over them.
"How can you know that?" John said panting a little as he followed Sherlock. Even when he enjoyed the
“Mycroft is coming in an hour, you said. I’m going to take care of Rosie, put her to sleep early. After that please make Sherlock Holmes come back home.” He paused for a moment. “The
he informed us about sound sensors, so thank you very much." Lestrade nodded at Sherlock’s words, "It seems they keep an eye on the canal, so if we go round it at the opposite side, we might be able to get there, quietly".
When John’s thumbs deliberately passed over Sherlock’s hard nipples, Sherlock closed his eyes, exposed his neck, and
“Ha! Funny, but no. I’m good.” John cleared his throat and pursed his lips to a side, Sherlock turned the screen of his phone off. “So. What do we do now?”
“Well, kissing is intimate,” Sherlock moved an inch closer to John’s face. John congratulated himself when he - even if he didn’t want it like this - didn’t move. “Involves too much sentiment.” Sherlock moved forward until the tip of his nose touched John’s and he moved his face away without hurry. “If you ever want to, John, rest assured I am going to let you, no matter how, why or when. Even if you want to do it when we’re sixty and you’re divorcing your second wife. Or third.” He smiled. John frowned. “Or in another life when I’m the right gender for you. Or if I ever become the right person. I don’t mind. I’ll let you. And I’ll welcome it. And if you… if you never want to... that’s fine, too.” He paused and his lip moved up a little looking at John’s intense stare. “In the meantime, I’ll be here for you and Rosie as I promised. Nothing has to change.”
"So, how do we proceed from here?" Lestrade eyed the inside of the questioning room through the blurry window embedded in the door. "He’s crying… well his father has just passed away."
"Sherlock..." John couldn't help a surprised smile; he tried to catch how Sherlock had come to that conclusion. So that's what Mycroft was talking about. Why was it so hard to follow. "What about the homeless gang?"
John’s eyes went back to Sherlock, who now was looking intently to the carpet or John’s feet. John made a gesture with his hand and lifted one brow (‘
He washed himself quickly and stepped out of the shower. He realised he had forgotten a change of clothes, so he put the wet towel around his waist and threw the blue robe over his shoulders. Now the flat seemed warmer. He organised everything in the bathroom and got dressed rapidly. He was ready to start a little experimenting: he had to know what John knew about last night, he had to discover what his mind was really up to and, most importantly, he had to stop the body-stimulating dreams.
"Sherlock, take the rest of your shirt off. I can't massage your shoulders with this." He said grabbing the piece of fabric between his thumbs and index. He was tempted to remove it himself, but he didn't want to add the extra tension to the current situation.
It was no surprise when Sherlock appeared from his bedroom with pyjamas and dressing gown on, that was quite the norm. The reddened lips and the little pink spot on his jaw - visible even with the stubble - now
Sherlock’s hips started moving again, same as before, delicately, just to feel the texture of the soft towel against his skin. He opened his eyes and kept them fixed on the ceiling, his neck no longer tense, his breathing pattern close to panting once more. There was something inexorably surreal about the whole situation. He couldn’t help but remember that time in Uni when he was so far gone with arousal that, even when he had heard one of his teachers going to the bathroom next to his room, he couldn’t stop masturbating for his life.
“Ah, no. Not my bed.” Now it was John’s turn to clarify when Sherlock’s brows rose up. “No, I mean, Rosie sleeps right next to me.”
“She’s associating. I told you she is assisting,” Sherlock stood from his chair and walked over to check over Rosie’s shoulder. “What do we have, then?”
"I don't know..." Sherlock took the paper from the confines of his pocket and observed the numbers on it. He heard John clearing his throat and giving a throaty giggle at the same time.
"Sherlock...!" John cut Sherlock off at the middle of the sentence. This really was not the time to talk about the matter, less with Sherlock's poker face as he did so. How could Sherlock talk about such matter just like that? "What is it? The state of what?" John asked.
"Jesus! Sher-" John was visibly startled and turned to yell at him - but was stopped by what he saw: Sherlock was wearing a black sleeveless shirt, black jeans, his right upper arm was wrapped in a piece of black fabric covering what seemed to be a still-bleeding injury. In his other hand there was a long-haired wig. Sherlock looked taller and paler than normal… and thinner. "…what the hell?"
John opened the door to 221 at half nine. Mrs Hudson was watching that old karaoke show with celebrities which for some reason was half-hosted inside a car. He recognised a rerun that he had watched with Sherlock and Rosie with John trying to sing along to Elton John, Sherlock rolling his eyes at the questions that ‘
"You know him." Was the first thing John had said to him today. Sherlock hadn't been around the flat all day. He was at the Yard, helping Lestrade. John had been at the hospital.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, smug. “The programmer they couldn’t contact anymore left us a huge clue with the camera names. He is also a good fighter.”
Mycroft knew what Sherlock expected, he expected a change in the answer, he expected that something in his older brother's life would have impacted him enough to change his mind about that life's philosophy.
John coughed and took a gulp of his soda. He switched the phone to silence mode again. As he did it, another text came in.
I get it.” There was a brief silence and then John frowned and added, “He also mentioned his dog, Toby. Are we going on a hunt?”
"About last night..." Sherlock eyed John not moving his head. It was the first time he was in this situation. He had thanked for this new case to keep his mind busy. But he knew John, he also knew that he couldn't escape the inevitable, so he just listened, John sighed and proceeded, "... when I told you that I'm not gay... you told me you weren't either..."
“We wait.” Sherlock stood up and stretched his spine and his arms above his head. “We need to see who is poisoning Hilton. She wants to know if Elsie is doing anything differently but she doesn’t want to suspect her partner.”
Molly had to step out from her trance. Sherlock was fascinating to look at; his quick movements, his eyes which never looked where she wanted them to, his lips that moved in a lovely way as he spoke.
"Ah... yes. I told you, I am okay. What time is it?" Sherlock blinked a couple of times, looking outside the window and paying attention to his surroundings. He heard the sounds in the street
Sherlock withdrew his arm from John's chest and gave an audibly, annoyed sigh. John was still panting, a hand clung in his chest.
Still with the coffee in his hand, he stood up and bought another one. He walked to the other side of the bench and handed it to the mountain of blankets.
“Relax, John. They know you’re a doctor, too. Tired of…” Sherlock couldn’t help a huff from his nose as he felt the vest riding up at the small of his back with John’s forearm. “Tired of sickness, you wanted to try massage therapy for a change, so nothing odd in a little check-up.” John snorted at this, the sound muffled by Sherlock’s vest.
“Yeah, I’ll have a look at it later.” He managed a smile and walked to Rosie, giving her a soft peck to her forehead. “Let’s all eat now, shall we?”
"Yes, Sherlock. Do whatever you need." the DI said despite the glare it earned from Donovan, he simply shrugged in response.
Sherlock kissed him eagerly. John was taken aback by the sudden action, lost in the rhythm Sherlock had decided out of the blue, but he allowed himself to relax. Soon the mess of teeth and tongue took a normal course; he flicked his tongue inside Sherlock's mouth and it was sucked by the other, his fingers got lost in the dark curls, Sherlock's hands moved indecisively between his shoulders, neck and scalp, his breathing erratic through his nose, little sounds forming in the depth of his throat. It was madness, and soon John felt himself getting lost in the kiss.
Sherlock walked to the door and turned to Armand, who was looking at him intently. The detective offered his open hand to the surprised younger man, who took it and shook it firmly, wrapping the offered hand in both of his. Never taking his eyes from the detective's, who had a satisfied smirk all over his face, his eyes wrinkling at the sides.
"You're going to test me." John had a very quizzical look. Sherlock noted this and smiled lightly with a daring nod. "Okay." John cleared his throat and looked away from the distracting glance from his companion. His hand moved from Sherlock's nape to the armrest of the couch, finding Sherlock's hand in the process. Their hands were inches apart from touching and, for some reason, John found it thrilling and at the same time, he felt like a
"What on earth gave you that idea?" John began a little ghosting over Sherlock's neck with his fingertips, he applied a light pressure on both shoulders, a soft moan escaped Sherlock's throat.
As soon as Sherlock was on his back he covered his bits as best as he could, cleared his throat and muttered, “Apologies.”
Elsie jumped in fear as soon as she saw him, almost falling over the table full of jars with liquids behind her. With quick reflexes, Sherlock grabbed her by her arms just in time, his scarf falling from his face and the remaining liquid of the jar wetting Sherlock’s right sleeve. She started to struggle and Sherlock’s soft chant of, “
They stayed like that for a couple of seconds, taking in the other's presence. Just breathing, feeling, squeezing, rubbing. Sherlock's face lowered to the juncture between John's neck and shoulder and he inhaled deeply, holding onto John for dear life. Soon, he moved a bit and John could feel Sherlock's erection pressed above one of his buttocks, the detective let out a soft moan at the contact, John felt his skin with goose bumps at the sound and the feeling.
He smiled to her, it was bittersweet, but a kind smile; he didn't say a word. He paced to the main door, opened it, eyed once more the troubled woman on the chair and walked outside. Once the door was closed, the detective noticed a disturbing silence and then... there it was. He heard a throaty shout, some kind of glass breaking and the woman crying, loudly. Animalistic sounds coming out from her throat, combined with coughs and gasps. Sherlock closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, the chilly air hurting a bit his nostrils. He didn't want to listen anymore, point was already proven, so he walked away fast. It disturbed him somehow. The book he had read last night described a bunch of expected reactions coming from a parent;
John was hurt, his heart was contracted, there was a burning in his chest and he woke up with a start, checking his watch; it was four in the morning and Sherlock continued there, impassive as always, his neck stretched in a pensive state but at the same time, John saw a bit of fear, insecurity, but surprisingly there was also a haughty touch in his posture, the little ball moved in his hand, his legs carefully placed over the table in front.
Sherlock took off his shoes and his socks outside the room and walked bare feet to the bed and watched, observed. His head tilted as he did and his eyes softened, a wider smile made its way through his lips and soon his eyes crackled at the sides.
“Aloe provides help for collagen to develop below the dermis,” John said, completely taking Sherlock away from his mind. “It mitigates scars tissue over time.” John squeezed more product into his hand and continued his ministration on Sherlock’s back. “You know…” John paused and took a breath, “Mrs Hudson has this aloe plant she never uses and it’s huge. I’m… thinking about massaging you with the substance from the leaves. At home.” John knew he was blabbing. He cleared his throat and went on, “At least once a week, or…”
' and again, the knot in his stomach was felt and he closed his eyes for a while, a sigh escaped his lips.
He found one that was cheap enough and made a call. He left his laptop over the coffee table and sipped on his coffee as he waited. After a couple of seconds, a recorded woman's voice greeted him:
"Come on, John. You're a handsome man and you could always be a gigolo, but I don't think you have the nerves to actually do it." Sherlock opened the flat's door and went downstairs.
and tried to swallow around the glass of water. John never failed to surprise him with these little details. It reminded Sherlock that John was a soldier, a captain, a doctor and a surgeon. A person that always thought ahead, almost a strategist. John Watson may not solve the case, but these little details made the difference in a well-planned one. He had to suppress yet another shiver.
With a groan he supported his head between his folded arms in the front and in a matter of minutes he started to doze off again.
"I know, I know... Mrs. Hudson, please don't worry about anything. I can handle Sherlock... and I'm sure Inspector Lestrade won't bother with a drug's bust now... he saw everything, remember he was with us."
“I’ve been thinking,” John moved to the other bicep again. “If Abby Slaney had something to do with Elsie Patrick, in the past…” John stopped and looked over at Sherlock. Their faces were close, but they didn’t move away. “… I mean, this spa has been opened only for two months. You didn’t find Abby’s records from before that time.”
“For the first time in my life.” Sherlock’s voice was soft against John’s neck. “I was really aware of another person's body, of another person's smell. We had… We have our arms around each other.” Sherlock tightened their embrace and pressed his face closer, if possible, to John’s neck. “It’s like holding some rare, exhausted, nearly doomed bird in my hand which I had miraculously happened to find. I am very frightened and I’m… I’m sure you’re frightened, too.” He moved his hips again, pressing his hardness against John’s hip once more.
"Because... it would be the first time I've ever seen you interested in a woman, besides Irene Adler..."
"And how did you know she really wasn't in love with him?" John was curious about the situation, forgetting almost completely to congratulate himself for being
"And I don't expect you to, Mr. Smith." The older Holmes frowned lightly, never taking his eyes from Armand's, "If you are not helping others as I see, and acting by your own ideals without minding who you step over... I believe we have nothing else to discuss."
Sherlock sighed and put the note aside on the table. When he lifted the cup, a big spider was there, inside the inverted cup... and it was staring straight at him with big, red...
"Why I am so bloody stimulating now?" John questioned in a whisper. Sherlock let out a little chuckle.
“Yeah!” Martin answered, oblivious of whatever was happening. “Mr Holmes found something absolutely brilliant! Let me show you.” He stood up and walked to the coffee table and started to sort some papers.
The hand Sherlock had on John’s shoulder slid to his chest and John recognised the gesture as acceptance of them having to stop this. But no. This was not what he wanted and he knew he had to do something fast. He was not going to let his insecurities waste his time anymore.
“Oh no, it’s a blend of our own!” Abby said and Miss Eldridge added, further back, “It’s very good!”
Snorting, John read the entry he was about to post in his blog. He rubbed his temples and suddenly felt a heavy stare over his left shoulder. Somehow, Sherlock had positioned himself behind John and was now reading carefully the contents of the blog with a deep frown. A chill went up John’s spine at the sudden closeness, even though being this close was more than normal for them. His mind snapped back to what he had written:
The car ride was spent with Martin chatting about the water waste and how the majority of it came from Elsie Patrick’s cosmetic chemistry. He also told Sherlock how the analysis he’d helped with had accelerated the process so they could file it under Abby Slaney’s threat, leaving Elsie Patrick without blame in the case of the water waste.
Sherlock gave John a very comical glare, John knew the glare wasn't serious, though. He had seen Sherlock glaring seriously and he had prayed, more than once, not to be at the receiving part. John lifted an eyebrow as a response.
There was a prolonged silence as they drank their teas. John left his cup on the table and walked to Sherlock, bringing the first aid kit, a bowl with water and some clean cloths.
And Greg had known Sherlock for five years before him, how had he not taken the time to see Sherlock as he really was? Sometimes it just pissed him off, the more he wrote on his blog about the case, the angrier he became with his own thoughts. It was stupid, but he couldn't help it.
"Really, Sherlock. Are you still in pain? It could be something serious, you know... you should go to see a doctor."
He made his way to the toilet and John had to repress his laughter as Sherlock fought with his erected penis trying to release his bladder, even when he wasn't looking, frustrated noises narrated what the detective was going through.
In the cab, he had gone through his contact list and had deleted one by one, he had passed over John's speed dial and Mycroft's. His phone was only left with those two contacts. Every time his phone had asked for a confirmation to delete the contact permanently, Sherlock would smirk and say, almost an audible '
John saw when Sherlock's lips stopped moving and thinned. He was waiting. She started to move back, slowly, she withdrew her foot from Sherlock's thigh – she had moved it very close to his private area – and she also released the scarf. She took her margarita and stood up, looking down at Sherlock who now was looking at John, an indescribable look on his face. His
down to Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock glared at him. "That was quite... amazing." He whispered. Sherlock's expression changed to a satisfied smile.
Sherlock was so taken aback his lips started trembling, eighty percent of his confidence was gone. “Thank you.”
“And I told you I want to help, didn’t I?” John got to his feet and walked over to his jacket. He picked something from his pocket and put it on Sherlock’s side of the table. “I have a colleague working at a cosmetic lab, Mike gave me his number. I asked him on the phone and went to grab it this morning before going to work. It’s their star product on scar removal, it even works on keloid scars which are the hardest to clarify. I thought…”
“How long have you waited to announce those words to Abby Slaney?” Martin asked. Outside, the sun had begun to rise and the crickets had started to sing. The beacon lights of the two police cars outside were flashing and one of them was already disappearing in the distance with Miller, DI Lestrade and a distressed Abby Slaney, the sound of the receding sirens deafening on the otherwise quiet manor. Standing next to them, a satisfied Wilson Hargreave was looking pensively after the car that disappeared in the distance.
Only now did John notice that a pesky “for a bloke” followed after every little thing he thought about Sherlock. He grimaced at the realisation.
“It’s a pattern, John! Take the first of each of those codes and put them together along with the last of the octal code, it’s going to give you the name of both cameras. Hence, the letter.”
Sherlock smiled and turned his torso to look at John whom in turn lifted his face in his direction. “I guess we can both agree I didn’t need any more stimuli this morning.”
He heard the door opening and the steps ended there. Sherlock had stopped for a reason. John didn't want to move or speak. Then there was a little rustle of clothes, surely he was shrugging off his coat... and John finally heard the familiar call.
Mycroft clenched his jaw and lifted his brows tilting his head to the side a bit. "Three. Are we doing this again?"
"Are you alright?" He asked taking his hands from his pockets and pulling off his gloves. His deep voice resonated softly in the flat after John's desperate cry.
He entered the small room he had temporarily made up for this case; there was John, a white coat over his clothes, massaging yesterday’s William Scott in slow motion as the mental Sherlock moved freely around the scene:
"Well the case almost solved itself, John. You saw the photograph." Sherlock turned to look at him with a genuine confused expression. They were near a park, trees moving with the wind around them. The detective walked to John as he kept on talking, "It was clearly the photograph they found in the garbage; the girl was wearing an emerald ring, smiling, next to the younger brother. Engaged. The same girl was in the photo hanging on the dead man’s wall, when he was about five years younger and she was one of his students."
Little by little though, Sherlock had grown so accustomed to his presence that he would never wake up when John was near, in fact, there were a couple of times when he was so deeply asleep that he wouldn't even respond if John shook his shoulder attempting to wake him up.
There was no way he could stop thinking about the things Sherlock said last night. It is true you might loosen up a bit at night time; it is also true that, being over the phone, you can say things you usually dare not say face to face. But this is Sherlock we're talking about; he isn't the kind of person who would just not to gather the courage to say things right on your face.
Sherlock didn't wake up immediately. He moved his head slowly and snored softly as he inhaled more air. His hand moved outside John's jumper, pulling it up a little, all the way to his chest, making little pressure to support himself to lift a bit his head. His eyes were still closed and he struggled to open them. John watched in silence how Sherlock opened his eyes and frowned at the faint morning light. He was certain that Sherlock could feel his rapid heartbeat under his palm.
Sherlock never took his eyes from the menu; he could sense the confusion Molly was feeling. She was seriously taken aback by Sherlock's words; she wanted to get mad, to get up and leave. But she also knew Sherlock. She knew this opportunity wouldn't present itself again, even though she understood Sherlock wasn't doing this for her, he was doing this for John. That thought alone made her stomach knot, but she tried to stay calm.
Sherlock's voice echoed in his mind. Suddenly, the image of Sherlock arching his back, his hot breath against his lips once more and his name on those delicious lips invaded his mind in an endless loop.
Sherlock returned to Angelo's home on his last day in London. He had been following John for the lasts days, looking for something, anything, that proved John believing in him even after all of the press' articles. He needed anything. Anything would do.
"Sherlock!" John snapped out, getting closer to the bed. "Sleep! Please. You're making another huge misunderstanding here!"
“John,” Sherlock interrupted, serious, but not trying to put some distance between them. “My scarf and my coat might still have some of the... liquid. I need to…”
"What are you doing?" John asked, lifting himself on an elbow groaning as he cleaned his stomach. He was sore, the small of his back hurt like hell and his legs were about to cramp.
"Sherlock? What are you doing?" John asked trying to keep his calm, standing up from the chair and walking to the other man.
After a long day at the hospital, John entered the flat around eight in the evening. The place was dark, but Sherlock's silhouette was completely defined; he was curled up on the leather armchair, with the faint light coming from the window, John saw how his eyes were closed and he had a frown in his features.
John had his own theories about the patch. He knew it had been intended to be attached to Sherlock's skin for longer, it seemed as if it was placed far enough not to be seen. Now his biggest fear was; if the patch Sherlock had before had only
He sighed, he knew Ella was right, there was a time when he should say it aloud, just one time, just once.
Sherlock deleted the conversation as well and saved the phone in his jacket. He took a deep breath; his mind was working again like a rocket about to explode and, perhaps for the first time, his mind showed him a world with no John Watson around.
A big bartender walked to them and placed Sherlock's beer on front. Then he yelled, intending to be heard above the noise "On the house!" and pointed to John's beer and Sherlock's. Sherlock smirked quickly and then yelled back "Thanks, Jack. This is John." Jack nodded as a greeting to John and left.
She worried when seeing Lestrade and John walking upstairs with a very lost Sherlock... for the second time.
"No, no, let me finish. It was almost as if I was touching myself when I was touching you... your taste, your fluids-"
He sighed and answered out loud, habit he had for years now. His brassy, throaty voice echoed in the flat.
And he needed Mycroft. Financially, conveniently and, even if he didn't want to admit it, emotionally. His last name being a big advantage for him, bringing so many upside downs to Mycroft's life as he
his mind screamed. He dried a little his dripping curls with a towel, pulled the shirt back on and turned back to look at himself in the mirror. As soon as he locked his stare with his own eyes, he tried to stop the forming frown. Then he saw how his curls were facing everywhere, he placed them back carelessly with his fingers, the mirror got splashed by water droplets.
Sherlock looked at John incrediously. "Why would Mycroft do that? I did everything I did to keep you safe!"
“You aren’t the only one with nightmares, Sherlock. Tonight, I was being shot in Afghanistan just before I heard you.” John set his mouth in a grim straight line. “The war still gets it’s share but for the better part of the last 2 years, when I’ve been able to sleep, I’ve had to watch you fall over and over again. Only you didn’t come back then.”
Around 6:30pm, Sherlock was pacing in the sitting room. Their reservation was at 7pm and while it only took about 15 minutes to get there, depending on the route the cabbie took, he was anxious to get underway.
“Good morning. You fell asleep while I was in my mind palace and I covered you with a blanket. I guess I nodded off as well. And no, not trapped. Learning that I apparently like to cuddle with you.”
John started laughing as he remembered the chase after the cab only to find an extremely confused American tourist. “To that point in my life, that was the most ridiculous thing I had ever done,” he said.
Sherlock realized it was time to put this into action. He wanted to ask John to go for a walk in the nearby park and he would tell him then, but unfortunately, he was starting to panic and his normally cool and collected exterior was crumbling. John saw his face. He knew that Sherlock had issues with panic attacks in the past and he could see the writing on the wall. Whatever Sherlock was thinking about was making him lose control.
“Should we go home? If we kiss again, I may be unable to control myself and we will be putting on quite a show,” Sherlock teased.
“Mrs. Hudson already figured it out for herself,” They both jumped when they heard their landlady’s voice from the door. “It really is about time, boys. I’m so happy you both finally figured it out!”
John stood in front of the familiar green door of 221B Baker Street. No where else had ever felt like home so much to John as this flat did. John’s parents died when he was young and he had a strained relationship with his sister at best. He went from the residence halls at school, to the barracks, and then the bedsit when he was discharged home. It seemed for the better part of his life he lived in temporary housing, always ready to move at a moments notice. 221B was more permanent and it was so hard for him to leave when he finally moved out a few months ago, even though it was hard to be there without Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson filled the mother role for him in ways he didn’t know he needed. She doted on him and Sherlock. He missed that. Even though he was aware Sherlock’s parents were alive, he didn’t know how involved he was with them or much about his family aside from Mycroft. Of course, Sherlock was there. John felt infinitely more comfortable when Sherlock was around. John swallowed hard as he realized that he never felt at home as much in his flat with Mary. It was a nice, bright flat that felt homey but he still felt like a guest. Like he didn’t quite belong there. But if he didn’t belong there and he wasn’t sure if he belonged here anymore, where did John belong? He must have been staring at the door for quite sometime because he suddenly heard Sherlock’s voice from the window “For Godsake’s John, the door isn’t going to magically open if you stare at it long enough. Come in already!” Taking a deep breath and bracing himself as he had so many times in his army days to deal with whatever may come, John entered 221B.
“Mmmmm.” Came John’s sleepy reply. He stood, took the clothes Sherlock was holding out to him, and went to the bathroom.
John chuckled at Sherlock's pout. "Well, you know I've been in a relationship or two." Sherlock raised an eyebrow but said nothing. "Ok, you know what I mean. But I know nothing about your past. I know in the years we've been living together you've never been on so much as a date unless it was for a case."
John in turn looked at Sherlock. The grey blue eyes that were normally shielded against scrutiny were open for John to read. He saw the sadness, hurt, concern, exhaustion, and something else. John couldn’t quite put his finger on the that last one. Had it been anyone else, he would have said love and longing but this was Sherlock and that didn’t make sense. John noticed that Sherlock’s already lanky frame had gotten smaller. The posh dress shirts that Sherlock usually wore hung loosely on him. John had always laughed to himself that one of those days they buttons were going to give up the struggle as they often were pulled taunt across Sherlock’s chest. This was no longer the case and this made John cringe. His cheekbones more pronounced and his eyes a bit more sunken in. His normally inky black curls had lost their luster. Where ever Sherlock had been, he had taken worse care of himself then he ever did before. John didn’t know Sherlock when he was addicted to drugs but suddenly he could imagine what he may have looked like.
“Please, John! I knew if there was any way Sherlock was alive, it would be you who had to bring him back. I’m not stupid. That fellow that would stay over sometimes who looked a lot like you, Mycroft popping round as often as he did. Give me some credit!”
Life got crazier than even I expected with the arrival of baby girl #2 in February. So every spare moment has been catching up on sleep. LOL
“John, I would like to kiss some more,” Sherlock offered a small smirk. How he managed to sound so innocent and alluring at the same time John would never be able to figure out.
"My history is not all that exciting I'm afraid. As you know, I've never been one much for emotion or sentiment. Until you of course. You are the only one whose ever made me feel anything like this. I was in something of a relationship in Uni but thinking on it now, it was more for his benefit than my own. I just thought it was something that people at that age did and might as well have been Victor. We were friends or I thought we were. Anyway, it ended when I didn't want to be used anymore. All of this is new to me."
“Yes, John. I’m in love with you. I have been since we met. I know you aren’t gay and don’t feel that way towards me. I have learned to live with it and I promise, I won’t be awkward about anything if you will come back and live here. You can delete it, it's fine. I'm content just to have you near by. I won’t bug you and your dates anymore either, whenever you go back to dating after this whole thing with Mary. I’m so sorry about that -” John grabbed Sherlock's arm and that broke him off from his tirade.
“Brother, I know precisely where Dr. Watson is. However, that information is classified and you are not allowed to know. You have no idea what happened while you were away.”
Suddenly, a very angry DI burst through the door, making them both jump. "Goddamnit, Sherlock!! Stop avoiding my calls, I need you on this!" Lestrade came to a halt when he saw Sherlock kneeling between John's legs, he had clearly interrupted something.
Sherlock took a deep breath. “John, as you will you remember from the pool incident, Moriarty needed me out of the way but he wasn’t content to just kill me, he wanted to BURN me as he said. What he meant was to make sure that no one believed in me anymore, to watch everything I’ve worked for fall away and make those most important to me stop trusting me as well. I was meant to see all of this before he killed me. He set the wheels in motion with kidnapping those children and making it seem that I was the kidnapper. That pushed Donovan and Anderson to go to the Chief Superintendent about me. How did I always manage to solve the unsolvable? That was the easy part for Moriarty. Those two idiots never liked me anyway. But that forced Lestrade to doubt himself for trusting me as he had all those years. Even though he knew my methods and even knew Mycroft was capable of the same, it started to eat away at him. He never said as much but I could see it in his face. Unfortunately when I grabbed that gun and ran, it made him believe even more he had been wrong about me. Lestrade played right into Moriarty’s hand. Can’t blame him though, presented with the evidence as it was unfolding, I wouldn’t have believed in me anymore either. I knew he would never have turned Mrs. Hudson even though he knew how important she is to me. Her blind faith in me was stronger than anything Moriarty's could have shown her.  And then you.” Here Sherlock paused and bit his lip before continuing. “He started to make you doubt me, even just a little. I don’t blame you for questioning me, John. You had only known me a short time and you had only ever been warned about me. I’m surprised it took that as much as it did for even just a small amount of doubt to creep in. That's when I had a strong suspicion this was going to have to end with my “death”. He went global so to speak with the whole Richard Brook story and it made everyone else believe that I committed all those crimes myself before solving them. Then the meeting on the roof of Bart’s. Moriarty told me that he had snipers pointed at you, Lestrade, and Mrs. Hudson. There were two ways to stop them. Moriarty had a code word to use to call them off or they had to see me fall. Before I could get the code word from him, he shot himself in the head. The only way to save you all was to jump.”
Sherlock climbed into John’s bed and thanked him. John pulled the duvet over both of them and then fell quickly back to sleep.
“Alright. After you were taken in Serbia, I moved on with a small team from MI6 to Romania to find Moran. All of the information that Mycroft translated that you collected said that Moran was truly the last piece of the puzzle. Once we got him out of the way, we could end this all. There was no one left to take over an operation the size of Moriarty’s. Once we arrived at the mansion he was using as his headquarters. Honestly, a mansion, it was ridiculous. Anyway. Once we were able to breach the security, it was actually pretty simple to get to Moran. The security was impressive but we were planning for more so it was easy on us. I got to Moran’s inner office and got trapped in there with him. It was always my intention to be the one to take him out. He was an impressive fighter, all his years in the military doing covert ops certainly served him well, but not well enough. I shot him in the chest, twice. I thought it was all over but he did get one last shot off as he was falling. I swear, my left shoulder has a bloody target on it.” John pulled his jumper off and pulled the neck of his vest over to show the angry red wound still healing just overlapping the starburst scar that brought him home from Afghanistan.
John felt like he let go of a breath he didn't know he was holding. Maybe Sherlock did feel the same as him. John always knew that if he ever had the chance to date Sherlock, it wouldn't be easy. Maybe he would finally get the chance. Sherlock was watching John intently. John met Sherlock's eyes and gave him that special smile that was reserved only for Sherlock.
The air around them almost grew heavier as both were unsure but felt something shift between them. However, the moment was interrupted by their beloved and ever so timely not-your-housekeeper landlady bearing a tray of delicious smelling treats. Both men took a deep breath before offering genuinely happy smiles to Mrs. Hudson.
John ran his tongue over his bottom lip before he began speaking (Sherlock never realized how much he missed these little ticks of John's before). "After the nonesense with the Yard, Mycroft dragged me to his office. He told me that I was to be offered a position with MI6 for an extremely important mission. One only I could do apparently, but that meant he needed to explain things to me first. That's when he told me you were alive and everything that happened between you and Moriarty. I was relieved, angry, and in total shock. Then he told me what my mission was." John paused for a moment and looked Sherlock right in the eye. "My mission was to protect you while you worked to take down Moriarty's network."
“Come on, Sherlock. I saw you make tea the other day. I know you ca-“, the look on Sherlock’s face stopped John in his tracks. “Sherlock, what's wrong? What’s happened?”
At Sherlock’s words, John was painfully aroused. Sherlock wanted him. He looked at John as if he was some precious treasure and John loved that. John was usually the one offering flattery and making the other person feel this way. He loved feeling it himself.
The group gathered around the kitchen table and Mrs. Hudson fussed about making tea, John ordered take away for the lot. Lestrade filled Molly in on why there was a sudden dinner party taking place at 221B. She squealed and ran over to hug John and Sherlock. As they tucked into the meal that had just arrived, they all took turns telling stories and catching up on the years that had gone past while Sherlock was gone and the no one really knew what to do with each other. Several hours and several drinks later, the crowd dispersed, leaving Sherlock and John alone together again.
John called out “Sherlock!!! Sherlock, wake up!!! Sherlock!!! I’m here, wake up!!!” After several moments, Sherlock stopped thrashing and seemed to be waking up. John moved closer to the bed. “Sherlock, it’s ok. I’m here.” He spoke quieter, not wanting to alarm Sherlock but still letting him know that he wasn’t alone. Sherlock’s eyes opened and he looked at John and blinked rapidly. “John?” His voice was hoarse from yelling and rough with sleep. “John. You’re really here? You’re alright?”
And this is how things went for about a week after John’s return home. Every night, one or the other would wake to screaming. Wake the other and talk. Some nights, everyone was able to return to bed, others they fell asleep on the couch. Finally after the 8th night of this happening, John had had enough.
Sherlock smirked for a moment as he noted John did not object to the candle with his usual frustrated declaration of “NOT GAY”. John just laughed, “I think Angelo may have had a bit of wine tonight. He’s awfully chatty.” Sherlock nodded and looked out the window. John noticed that Sherlock has spaced out. “What’s wrong, Sherlock?”
“I knew it! I bloody knew it! It really is about bloody time.” DI Lestrade cheered from behind Mrs. Hudson.
Mary had been looking forward to putting all the cloak and dagger escapades behind her and have a nice domestic life (with the occasional contract on the side but John didn’t ever need to know about it). However, now Mary was angry. She had to find a way to get rid of Sherlock. He should have just stayed dead. He was not going to get between her and John, even if it killed him.
The first round of the meal came and the waiter explained the dish and the wine pairing and they both began eating. Fortunately as there would be multiple meals to try, there was just a few bites of each item. As they ate, they chatted, and while the conversation remained the light banter they had, their eyes would meet and meaningful looks were shared. Both men were coming to the realization that this was indeed a date and a rather good one at that. It was until the forth plate came out that it was even close to being addressed. Sherlock’s phone pinged several times in rapid succession. He looked at the screen, frowned, typed rapidly back, and then slid his phone back into his pocket where several more pings rang through but he was ignoring them.
Sherlock let out a huff while opening his arms wide as if to say, clearly I’m fine. Mycroft nodded and started to turn back towards the door.
Sherlock woke first the next morning as the sun started to stream through the windows in the sitting room. After blinking the sleep from his eyes, he looked down and saw his army doctor curled up on his chest. They must have shifted to lay down at some point during the night as the last he remembered they were sitting up. Sherlock smiled down at the grey/blonde head on his chest. He ever so gently pulled John closer to him with the arm still wrapped around him. Sherlock cringed a little when John stirred. He hadn't meant to wake him, he was just so happy to have John with him he couldn't help himself but to try to hug him closer.
Mycroft opened his mouth to object, this time to be cut off by Sherlock who had been standing by the window, tuning his violin. “Know when you have been beaten, brother. You know very well you will not change his mind. I’ve known John Watson long enough to know when his mind is made up.”
John felt tears burning in his eyes and he swallowed the lump in his throat. He tried to speak but his voice cracked at the first syllable, he simply nodded. From the first case it was clear that both men would kill for each other but it wasn’t until the pool that they both realized they would die for each other as well. Sherlock put a hand on John’s knee and John shakingly covered it with his own. John took a few deep breaths, trying to regain his composure but he was losing the battle. He stood up, cleared this throat, and indicated he needed a minute. He walked quickly down the hall to the loo.
"Jesus, Watson! Where have you been? I haven't seen you in months. I was worried Mycroft might have done you in."
I have some wonderful ideas on this story so I hope you'll stick with me while I try to get this completed. I have 2 chapters to upload tonight and will be working on more with hopefully more conistancy.
“Git. Never do that to a soldier, you’re lucky I wasn’t in my room. I’d have likely shot you. Shoot first, ask questions later.” John exclaimed as he reached a hand down to help Sherlock onto his feet. Both John and Sherlock felt electricity between their hands as they touched. When Sherlock was on his feet, neither man dropped the other’s hand nor could they find words to say; they both just stared at each other seemingly lost in the moment. The moment broken by the ping of Sherlock’s phone. Sherlock broke away first and grabbed the phone from his dressing gown pocket, desperate to look anywhere but at John. John coming to himself, shook his head, and went to the kitchen declaring the need to make coffee.
**Alright, no more delaying, I'm going to his post. I must stop editing. I need to go back and edit the previous chapters again before this one. (Seriously I've not hit post. I've re-read this 8 times since I copied it over.) LOL
“Sherlock. I’m sorry, you took me by surprise. I think it’s a valid suggestion and I don’t see the harm in it. However, can I counter that we stay in your room as opposed to mine? You have a larger bed.” John smiled at Sherlock.
Sherlock looked over as John landed on the last step. His breath caught in his throat. John was wearing an extremely well fitted grey pinstripe suit with an emerald green shirt that made the green flecks of his multi-tonal eyes dance. He looked far from the cuddly, jumper wearing Doctor he normally presented himself as, he looked more like he had walked out of a men’s magazine. After a moment of Sherlock staring at him, John spread his arms out to the sides. “Does it look alright, Sherlock? It’s been a bit since I’ve worn it and the trousers are a bit tighter than they used to be. I’m not quite as fit as I was in the army.” He chuckled.
As soon as the crisp air hit Sherlock, he started to feel better. After a few deep breaths, the anxiety faded. “I’m sorry about that, John. I think I ate too much and wasn’t feeling well. Some air was exactly what I needed.” Sherlock offered another smile at John and began to walk towards the park.
“I’m afraid it’s time for my soother and bed for me, boys. I’ll sleep much better knowing that you are both here and safe.” She received a kiss on the cheek from each of them as they bade her goodnight before she went back down to her flat.
At that moment, the door to the lab opened and DI Lestrade walked in just as Sherlock was kissing Molly. “Oy! Hands off my girl!” He chuckled. Sherlock looked at him and back at Molly, putting together the deductions he had previously overlooked. “Oh, right, obvious. I’m sorry, Molly. I was so wrapped up in my own problem, I didn’t observe. I’m so happy for you both. Graham is perfect for you.”
“Ask away, John. Any questions you have, I will answer as truthfully as possible. I have nothing to hide from you.”
“That sounds delightful. I probably wouldn’t have been able to figure out what to order anyway. Now I don’t have too.” John smiled.
"Come on then." John started to walk away, clearly expecting the lanky detective to follow him. He waved to Greg and went to his motorbike. He tossed a spare helmet to Sherlock. They got on the bike and off they went. Back to Baker Street. A lot needed to be said between the men and they were not going to have it out in the middle of a crime scene with the whole yard watching.
“We couldn’t let him carry on, Sherlock. You realize that. So we had a choice; we could incarcerate him for all the liberties he took or we could recruit him. Dr. Watson is now an agent with MI6. He was thrilled. He is currently undercover abroad on a mission. I don’t know if I can even get a message to him at this point. I don’t know the duration of the operation either. He has been gone several months already. Trying to communicate to him that you are alive could jeopardize his safety and the success of the mission.”
"If it's about Moran, you can just hold it. I don't want to talk about him tonight." A dark look flitted across John's face but Sherlock didn't ask after it.
John quietly drank his tea and replayed the evening over in his mind as well. He may not have a mind palace but it was a lot to take in. If you had asked him this morning if his day was going to end having told Sherlock he was in love with him and helping solve a pretty sick crime, he wouldn't have believed it. John started thinking, what did that make him and Sherlock now? They never really finished talking about what these new revelations meant. Sherlock could be lost in his mind palace for hours. John finished his tea and brought his cup to the kitchen along with the cold cup of tea that still sat untouched in front of Sherlock.
John gestured towards the door as if to say ‘After you’. It was a fairly warm evening, so Sherlock left his signature Belstaff and they stepped out onto the street to hail a cab. As always, one magically appeared for Sherlock. John had his suspicions that Mycroft had a fleet of cabs dedicated to following Sherlock around but he couldn’t prove it.
“If you had died too, or just suddenly disappeared, that would have raised suspicions to the remaining leaders of the network. It would have made everything far more dangerous. I’m so sorry, John. But you needed to appear to have nothing to do with this or to appear to have any knowledge I was alive. The most effective way to do this, was to make it true.”
"Something tells me, I want to punch this Victor prat. I promise you, we are in this together. It has to be about what we both want. And since it's pretty obvious we're terrible at picking up each other's signals, we will need to just be honest with each other, yeah?"
I'm so sorry for the delay in updating. It's been crazy here! But I have the last 2 chapters of this fic. Hope you enjoy!
Here is the final chapter of this story. It's my first attempt at smut of any kind so, hopefully not terrible. I changed the tags a bit as my other plans didn't come to fruition here. I have lots of ideas for other fics so keep an eye out.
"Uhhhhh, sorry, mates. I just thought Sherlock was being difficult. I didn't realize." Lestrade stumbled through an apology as he realized just how intimately the two were sitting.
“If you’re going to go around and take my clothes off, I’m starting to think you are overdressed, love.” John looked down at Sherlock’s shirt.
A small noise came from the back of Sherlock’s throat as he leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s. The kiss started slow and sweet, feeling like coming home, becoming complete for the first time. John gently nipped on Sherlock’s bottom lip, asking for entrance. Sherlock complied and they deepened the kiss. Sherlock’s hand went to John’s cheek, John’s fingers tangled themselves in Sherlock’s dark curls. They kissed as if their very lives depended on it. Unfortunately, they had to break the kiss as they needed to breathe.
John was in shock for a moment. Was Sherlock actually suggesting they sleep together every night? Waking up this morning was lovely. Though it could cause issues down the line, given John’s feelings for Sherlock. Could he honestly be this greedy to take advantage of his friend’s needs for his own needs of being close to Sherlock? Apparently he had been quiet too long as Sherlock started speaking again.
“As long as you are sure. You had me worried for a minute. I thought something that upset you. Well, beyond your stomach.”
John shopped in auto-pilot as he grabbed the food items they needed. Then it occurred to him, he didn’t have any decent pajamas to wear. Most of his pajamas were older than he cared to admit and had holes or were threadbare in way too many places. Not a big problem when he is sleeping alone but if he is on some level trying to woo Sherlock, he could at least have decent looking sleepwear. He knew it wasn’t posh as Sherlock’s wardrobe but he picked up a few pair of pajama bottoms from Tesco as well as a set that came with a grey and black striped shirt that put him to mind of his favorite striped jumper.  Shopping accomplished, he headed back to the flat. He had even remembered to get Sherlock’s sodding marrowbone.
“Nothing. Later, perhaps. How are things at your job?” Sherlock emphasized the word job with hand quotations.
Please, Sherlock. You know exactly what I am speaking of. Tell Dr. Watson your feelings for him. –MH
The man turned his head and pulled off his helmet, offering a well known crooked smile to the DI. "It's practically my job, Greg."
After several weeks of the new sleeping arrangement, they had found their rhythm. They didn’t always go to sleep at the same time and then sometimes they came in from a long case and just collapsed fully dressed sprawled across the bed and there are times, Sherlock didn’t come to bed at all. Those nights were hard for both of them as John had gotten used to having someone to sleep with and Sherlock just loved to cuddle up with John. Cases and experiments kept Sherlock up some nights, as he did love the early hours of the morning when no one else was up and he could quietly conduct his experiments without interruption.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.” Sherlock joked and gave him one of those genuine smiles reserved only for John.
‘To hell with it,’ was the last thought John had as he burst, gun raised into Sherlock’s bedroom. He did a quick sweep of the room but Sherlock was alone. He looked over at the bed and saw Sherlock was clearly having a nightmare of his own. His arms trying to reach out but seemed stuck to his side.
Sherlock kissed John once more and then strode over to Lestrade. "You are fortunate that John wants to solve a crime this evening." He pulled on the Belstaff and his scarf and stormed out of Baker Street with John trailing behind him. The DI shook his head. He wasn't sure what alternate universe he just stepped into but if it meant getting Sherlock's help on this case, he didn't care. He followed John and Sherlock, giving them the address before heading off in his cruiser.
As soon as they were in a cab, Sherlock grabbed John and kissed him deeply. He ignored the cabbie pounding on the ceiling to get them to stop. "That was absolutely brilliant, John! You solved that case in record time and before the Yard even knew what was happening." Sherlock kissed him again.
After a bit, they broke apart, needing a breath. They panted while their foreheads pressed together. Both were smiling at each other, their eyes saying more to each other than they could ever communicate.
“I told you when this all started, I have no interest in being an agent. I agreed to bring Sherlock home. And he’s standing right there. Moriarty is gone, Moran is gone, Sherlock is safe. My very brief career as a double 0 is over.”
Sherlock stood with an insult for the DI ready to go but it died on his lips when he saw who was with Lestrade. He ran his eyes over John. Dressed from head to toe in leather for protection but it didn't hide that the good doctor had bulked up a bit while away. John's face had become unreadable, the friendly smile he had for Lestrade had faded away when he looked at Sherlock.
As John hurried down the street towards Tesco, he was relieved at how well Sherlock took the suggestion. He knew that there was some unspoken thing between them and that this could complicate that but he wanted to test his theory. That really they just needed to be in some reasonable proximity to each other to be able to move past these nightmares. Or at least, not have to go very far when they did have them. John smiled to himself thinking of finally being able to wrap his arms around his detective and truly call him his detective. He didn’t know how to make that leap but at least this would serve as a jumping off point. At least that’s what he hoped.
Sherlock looked at John with wide eyes for a moment before rubbing his hands over his face. The great detective was speechless. John continued.
After Sherlock tried to explain the reason why he had to do what he did and Mary declared that she was actually fond of Sherlock, John needed air. Some space alone to think about all of this. He initially took a cab home with Mary to their flat but he knew that he needed to get away from there as well. Not that Mary was being pushy, he just needed to think clearly without having to worry about anyone’s feelings right now. He kissed Mary goodbye and took a duffle bag with a few days worth of clothes. He checked into a hotel somewhere between his flat and Baker Street. John would later think of the irony of this.
“Molly, I find myself out of my depths and I need your advice on a rather personal matter.” Sherlock said cooly. At least he hoped he sounded slightly detached. This was difficult, opening himself up to Molly, even though she is who he turned to when he needed help with faking his suicide.
Sherlock looked for a moment like he might object, but then thought the better of it. “Of course, John. I’m glad we are both back as well.”
After John left the flat, Sherlock couldn’t help but smirk. He didn’t know how to address the clear shift in their relationship or how to nudge it along the way he wanted but he could at least put forth some effort for his army doctor. He went to his room and stripped his bed and changed the sheets. It took a little convincing to get Mrs. Hudson to wash his duvet, but she eventually agreed. He ran the Hoover and did a quick wipe down of the dresser and nightstand, tossing a few samples that may have been laying about well past their prime. He opened the windows to air out the odor. It may not be as noticeable in the middle of the night but John would likely be offended by the smells when he was actually trying to fall asleep in the room. Might as well make his room as welcoming as possible. John appreciated a clean space. He knew John’s own bedroom was sparse but very clean and organized. Sherlock wanted to accept this change as something more than what it was, but he would have to be subtle to encourage this shift along. Being as considerate to John as he could without going completely overboard was the first step.
Before John could say anything, Sherlock stood up and looked darkly at the inspector. "Detective Inspector, as I informed you before, I am not available for any reason this evening. Not even a 10. I don't care if Jack the Ripper has returned from the dead and is raising hell in Whitechapel as we speak. Surely, the Yard isn't so inept that they can't handle one evening without me?"
Sherlock escaped into his mind palace, going to the wing dedicated to John. He had carefully built up this place while he was away. Mind Palace John and the memories were all that kept him going through. Maybe Mind Palace John would be able to help him figure out what to do about Real Life John.
“Of course, my room is fine.” Sherlock said and offered a small smile. Inside he was relieved and excited at the same time. John agreed to sleep nights with him! Sherlock generally didn’t require that much sleep but he might need to change that habit if it meant being wrapped up with his John.
“Yes, Dr. Watson, a cuppa would be most agreeable. I’ve been waiting for you to wake up, I have something rather urgent to discuss with you.”
Sherlock tightened his grasp on John, hardly believing that he had been convinced that John would never speak to him again and now they were together. Sherlock never gave much consideration to his emotions and the past few days had been a large step for him. But as John had said, they were in love and they had their family with them. As oddly pieced together as it was. Sherlock finally dozed off himself with a smile on his face.
Sherlock paused. He leaned forward and looked John directly in the eyes. “John, you have to understand. If I needed to actually die in order to keep you safe, I would not have hesitated one moment. My last living thought would be the comfort of knowing that you would survive. Surely you know how important you are to me?”
"Both my boys home at last. You two have things to talk about. Give a yell if you want some tea." She patted both their cheeks and went back into her flat.
Molly put her hand on his shoulder, “Sherlock, of course he loves you. The way he looks at you when you aren’t looking is as if the world begins and ends with you. And, Sherlock, the way you look at him when you think no one sees as if he is the most precious thing in the world. You wonder why everyone thinks you are together? Because most of us couldn’t imagine having that kind of love. But neither of you see it in each other because you are so frightened of losing each other. You didn’t see him after the fall. He was broken. He was as if he truly lost half of himself. You complete each other in a way no one else ever could. Sherlock, tell him. You both deserve to be happy and both of you are keeping that happiness from yourself.” Molly wiped a tear from her eye as she saw Sherlock’s face brighten at her words.
John looked puzzled for a moment and then a bright, mischevious smile took over his face and he sat back down. “Sherlock Holmes, the world’s only consulting detective, is willing to forgo a crime scene to have dinner with me? I couldn’t think of any other place I would want to be.”
"God, Sherlock. I love you, too. I've been trying to hide and deny it for so long. I didn't think you would ever feel that way about me. You gave me back my sense of purpose. You gave me the home I didn't know I wanted or needed. It's always been you."
At the lab, Molly had her back to the door when Sherlock burst through. She nearly jumped out of her skin at the noise.
Sherlock, at the same time, looked into the deep green of John’s eyes and finally clearly allowed himself to see what he had always dreamed was there. Sherlock could see the love and want in John’s eyes but he could also see the hesitation, the uncertainty. Sherlock knew he would do anything to make John know that the feelings were emphatically mutual. There was no need for doubt any longer.
John cocked his head slightly to the side, his lips pressed together in a grim line, his eyes hard. Greater men than Mycroft Holmes had been the subject of this look and quivered. Mycroft swallowed but tried to stand his ground.
As if nothing had changed, Sherlock got the plates and started the kettle while John got the takeaway at the door. John laid out box after box of chinese food, having ordered all their favorites. They quickly filled their plates and sat at the table. They shared a smile, this felt right. Another of a thousand moments they took for granted for so long. Another moment they never thought they would have again.
“Well, again, my congratulations. As I have some plans to make, I will leave you to it. Molly, many thanks. Gavin, be good to her.” Sherlock said as he strolled out of the lab before they could correct him again. They simply sighed and said goodbye.
“I knew I should be expecting a happy announcement, took a lot longer to get there then I anticipated. Sleeping together before marriage? What would Mummy say?”
“Oh, Sherlock. You aren’t a freak. You can be difficult but don’t you think if John was going to leave you over it, he would be gone by now?” Molly wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s waist.
"I know this is a big change from everything you are used to. I'm worried I'll do something that would be considered normal but that maybe you don't know that or are comfortable with and you won't want to be with me anymore. Or that you will get bored of me."
John looked at Sherlock alarmed. He licked his bottom lip. He couldn’t imagine what Sherlock would have to tell him that would make him not want to return to Baker Street.
After a few moments of silence, John cleared his throat. “Are you ok?” Sherlock nodded. “Just a nightmare.”
Sherlock closed his eyes in relief for a moment, relishing the tender embrace. He wrapped his arms around the shorter man. Sherlock knew this wasn’t forgiveness but it was a step in the right direction. Very rarely did he find himself in the position to be touching John in such a manner so he wasn’t going to rush it.
Life for the next couple weeks went on like that. John and Sherlock sharing a bed but John maintained his room with his clothes and other stuff. Nightmares weren't over and done with despite the first night of uninterrupted sleep. As John predicted, it was much easier for the men to be able to deal with the nightmares, usually by just wrapping the other in a hug and dozing back off or brief conversations without having to leave the bed.
John shook his head. “I told him back when this all began I wasn’t going to be an agent once we were back home. Assuming I’m still welcome, I already have a pretty good gig as a consulting blogger.” He offered a cheeky smile to his friend.
This bit was harder to write than the others. I wanted to have some grand plan of Sherlock telling him over dinner but as I was going, I liked this better. Getting Jawn all sentimental with the memories. Hence why Angelo was key. He had to nudge them along. Good thing Sherlock called him.
“Sherlock. This has to stop. We can’t keep running to each other every time we have a bad dream. Neither of us has had a good night’s sleep in a week.”
"Not about him. When you got to the crime scene, you knew I was alive, why did you not react to me at all? I thought you were going to rip my head off."
"I've never done all this before but I love you more than anything I can even think to compare it to. I'll probably be out of my depth at times but I want to be with you. I want to be your boyfriend, partner, lover, whatever you will have me as."
John heard Sherlock walk back into the sitting room but he hadn’t heard him made any tea. As he was turning to Sherlock, he started teasing him.
The room suddenly swarming with police officers. Mary, looking defeated and heartbroken, dropped the gun she was holding and raised her hands behind her head. She was quickly taken into custody by Sergeant Donovan. After Sherlock and John gave their statements, they got into a cab headed to Baker Street. They were silent the whole ride home and Sherlock kept looking over to check on John but his face was unreadable.
“This has been an whirlwind of a day. First Mary turns out to be an assassin trying to kill you, you tell me you love me, than a random dinner party. I can barely wrap my head around it.”
“What? No! Sherlock, I wasn’t clear. We need to stop running to each other. Think we can just bunk together? I know it might be a little weird but let’s save ourselves the commute in the wee hours of the morning at least.” John offered up a shy smile at Sherlock. “I promise, no funny business.”
Sherlock woke up when John got out of bed but had hoped to doze back off. As usual, not having John close made it impossible for him to fall back to sleep. He pulled the duvet tight around him as he listened to John go about his normal routine. As much as he thrived off of chaos, he craved this normalcy, and was scared he would never have it again. The detective heard the kettle start to whistle but John was still in the bathroom. He decided to be helpful for a change and go get the kettle so John could get dressed. Just as he was about to get up, his cellphone pinged. It was Lestrade asking for clarification on a recent case. The detective sent off a quick text and headed to the kitchen.
John smiled and shook his head. “Not tonight. I’m starving and I’m sure you haven’t eaten. Once I got back to London, I had a debriefing with Mycrof. Once I knew you were alive and at a crime scene, I came straight away. Let’s order a take away and we can sort the rest of this another time. The important thing is, we’re both here, together. Yeah?”
"It appears they were given a drug, likely HGB, and then strangled. Whoever did this, took their time. To kill 5 adults? We can only guess it's someone who knew the family and that they trusted."
“I’m here, Sherlock. It’s ok. We’re both back at Baker Street.” John sat on the edge of the bed and gently touched Sherlock’s arm. Sherlock reached out and wrapped his hand on John’s wrist. Sherlock took a deep, shaky breath and exhaled, trying to regain some composure. Truthfully, the relief of seeing John alive and well, not torn to shreds like he had been in his dream was overwhelming the detective and he was doing his level best not to weep with joy at the sight of the doctor.
"Nah, he couldn't take me anyway. Been helping the British Government actually with a few things." John winked at Greg but offered no further information.
Sherlock was standing outside Angelo’s when John arrived. He was carefully watching the crowd around him. John chuckled to himself, guessing that the detective was deducing every person as they walked by. He could see the concentration in his friend’s face as he was “reading” everyone. Anyone who didn’t know Sherlock would think he was scowling at everyone, almost frighteningly. John knew better and found nothing sexier than when Sherlock was deducing someone. Those sharp cheekbones stood out even more, the cupid’s bow lips pressed firmly together but still impossibly full, and (even though he couldn’t see them from where he was standing) his blue-grey eyes would be full of electricity as they moved almost impossibly fast taking in everything. Sherlock was so wrapped up in what he was doing, he didn’t notice John walk up next to him.
Sherlock sat on the couch, trying to process everything John had told him. John's explanation certainly lined up with the man he knew much more than the story Mycroft had painted. It didn't remove the guilt Sherlock felt for having left John so vulnerable in his absence. John came and sat next to the detective.
Sherlock walked into the kitchen to make tea. He reached for the kettle while texting Mycroft telling him to arrange to have John’s belongings packed from his former flat. When Mycroft asked if he was to move the items back to Baker Street, Sherlock paused before answering. It hit him. He did still have a secret he was keeping from John. One that would ultimately impact whether or not John returned to Baker Street. Sherlock felt a lump in his throat. He wasn’t sure he was ready to share this with John but he had literally just promised not to keep anymore secrets. Well, it was now or never.
John smiled sadly as he watched Sherlock retreat. He knew Sherlock was feeling guilty about everything, he shouldn’t in John’s opinion but he couldn’t make Sherlock see that. He would wait for him to come back to him. He’s waited through this process many times. John finished his whiskey and brought his glass to the kitchen. John settled back in his chair, picking up the book he had been reading.
Sherlock eyed her suspiciously for moment and then said “After you,” gesturing towards the car. The woman got into the passenger seat and quietly whispered something Sherlock couldn’t quite make out to the driver.
“I love you, too. We all love you, too. Definitely no one more than me. That’s our family. It would be weird.”
Sherlock woke up wrapped around a very lovely, warm pillow. As his brain started to wake up, he realized it was not a pillow but a person. Before he opened his eyes, he recognized the familiar scents of tea, soap, and something unmistakably John. Why was he cuddling John? He remembered having a horrible nightmare about the pool, the vest exploded. Sherlock was spared but he had lost John. The very thought made his chest go tight. He would be lost without his blogger. He had come to John’s room looking for comfort. Blasted sentiment. It’s all John’s fault. He had to come along and make Sherlock doubt everything he knew. That maybe caring wasn’t a disadvantage. In the deepest recesses of his mind palace, Sherlock hid a secret room. The room was dedicated to John. He knew he had fallen in love with his army doctor but he also knew that John was adamantly “NOT GAY” so would never consider a relationship with him. If he had even thought about being brave enough to tell John, he knew John would leave Baker Street and Sherlock’s life forever. Living without John was not an option. His true feelings for John would remain hidden and he would simply enjoy whatever type of contact John would allow.
Sherlock knelt in front of John, desperately trying to read his face. It took all of Sherlock’s will power not to wrap John in his arms. John lifted his face to look at Sherlock. He reached over and cupped Sherlock’s face in his hand.
John laid back as well. “I suppose you’re right. Sorry for startling you. I’m going to put on some tea, care for a cup?”
Sherlock mulled over John’s offer. The tension between them still lingered and they had done nothing to talk about it. He wondered if they ever would. It could mean trouble but Sherlock was never one to shy away from taking a risk, well unless it involved potentially losing John again. This was a very calculated risk as least. John suggested it so Sherlock can hardly be blamed if there were any ill feelings as a result. “I think that’s a valid solution. I wouldn’t be able to ignore you anyway. I propose my room as I have a larger bed. Two of us squeezing into your hobbit sized bed seems like it would be uncomfortable.”
John wasn’t the only resident at Baker Street finding it difficult to sleep. Sherlock was laying awake in his bed as well. He was going to get up and play his violin when he heard John come down the stairs and go to the kitchen. He heard the kettle boil and knew that John couldn’t sleep and therefore, he would be in the sitting room. Normally this wouldn’t be an issue for Sherlock, but he couldn’t handle confronting his friend like this. He felt raw, vulnerable, exposed, and he didn’t like it one bit. He has had strong feelings for John since that first night they met but he had always assumed John would tire of him as most did and be gone. He ignored the feelings he had building up, he reasoned if he didn’t allow them to be felt, then it wouldn’t hurt as much when John left. But then John did something extraordinary. He stayed. Sherlock knew that John was definitely “not gay” and would never consider these types of feelings for him. And he came to accept this as the way this would play out. Sherlock had decided that he would be happy with whatever type of relationship John would give him and if that was friendship only, than Sherlock would treasure it. But contrary to popular opinion, he was only human. Last night proved that with his desire almost too much to handle even with a strong control over his body.
“I’m very good at what I do, I assure you, you will be dead for real this time. Best of all, John won’t know it was me. As you’ve pointed out many time to anyone who will listen, Scotland Yard would be useless without you and I’m very good at covering my tracks. I haven’t been connected to a single hit yet.”
“My “job” is going fine, thank you. You know why I work in the surgery. I’ve got to be able to pay my share of the rent. Before you say it, I know you find it boring, but you’d get sick of me hanging around the flat all day if we didn’t have a case on.”
"I know. And you did keep me safe. You stopped that sniper from taking me out. But, Mycroft did have a point. We've worked together, side by side, chasing and taking out criminals for years. You needed someone who knew how you worked to have your back, Sherlock. It was my way to repay you for saving my life.” John gave Sherlock a meaningful look. “It was my chance to make sure you came back to me. I know you may have felt alone out there, but you never were.”
Then Moriarty again with the dramatics, wanted her to get close with the Doctor to see what information she could get from Sherlock. Mary was fairly certain that Moriarty had discovered her attraction to John and was testing her loyalty. John might have been a nice dish but Mary had long ago learned not to bite the hand that feeds you. She wouldn’t have turned against Moriarty. Then he went and shot himself in the head before the plan of her infiltrating ever took place. She waited a decent amount of time before pursuing John, just in case Moriarty had been faking it. She had heard whispers of the network being dismantled but there was never anything concrete, until now. All things being what they were, she was pretty low level in the network, she was listed only by code initials in one file. A.G.R.A. Even she didn’t know what it stood for. But who was she to nag about Moriarty’s filing system?
“I’m afraid I won’t do this right. I’ve never been in a relationship. I don’t know how to do it. I will be stupid and selfish and make you angry. I don’t understand affection. I’ve never had sex. You’ll want more than I can give you. You’ll realize you can do better and you’ll leave me forever.”
Mary looked confused, “How will I be caught?  You are standing right here and no one knows where you are. I’m about to shoot you. I’ll be long gone before anyone even realized you are missing.”
Mary’s eyes widened as she heard a gun cock next to her head. She turned slowly to see John with a murderous look on his face and his gun pointed at her. “John! I-I-“ She stammered
Sherlock sat in his chair opposite John and they sat in a companionable silence, drinking their coffee.
“I didn’t suppose you were just going to take my word he had been taken care of without actually having to hear the whole story.” John chuckled darkly. Sherlock shook his head.
A few minutes later, they entered the flat. John sat down in his chair and buried his face into his hands. How could he have trusted that woman? How did he not see what she was?
John awoke the next morning feeling refreshed and comfortable. He had someone wrapped around him and he did enjoy a good cuddle. He opened his eyes and looked down to see raven curls resting against his chest. Then he realized it was Sherlock with his head across his chest and arms wrapped tightly around his waist. Their legs were tangled together. John remembered something about Sherlock having nightmares and wanting to sleep in his bed with him. John grinned. He liked having Sherlock this close to him. Even if he was fooling himself that Sherlock had any romantic interest in him. As John had been told, relationships weren’t “his area” and he was married to his work. For a brief moment, John forgot about all of that and indulged in the fantasy that he had finally told Sherlock that he loved him and his detective loved him back. This was unfortunately short lived as Sherlock started to stir.
Mycroft closed and locked the door behind him before coming to a stop in front of a massive bookshelf. His fingers deftly pulled a well worn but sturdy leather bound book forward, “A Tangled Skein”.
On the windowsill sat a small black cat, it’s fur long and shiny, and from the black studded collar around it’s neck hung a little gold bell.
The cat stretched out on his chest placing a hairy paw on his lips and John chuckled. Suddenly the cat stood and walked to the edge of the bed, turning back to whine at him again.
John arched with a wail of passion as he came, and a moment later there was a ringing in his ears as he heard voices yelling and loud beeping around him.
Sherlock’s frivolous mood died quickly, his smile falling into a frown. ‘John, you can’t be here. I don’t know why she brought you here but…,’ his keen blue eyes darted around the room with an edge of fear that John didn't see very often.
‘Fine, listen then.’ The doctor took a deep breath. ‘When you fell….’ he cleared his throat to quell the rise of unbidden emotion. ‘I um...I broke. Everything I thought I knew about the world, about you, about who I...thought I was...it all shattered.’ He paused, gathering his thoughts. ‘Watching you d...die, was so much more painful than being shot in that God forsaken desert. And now, seeing you here, alive, I can’t just, I won’t walk away.’
The cat continued on until it came to a thick wooden door covered in ivy. John would have thought it abandoned if it weren’t for the warm glow from the window and the crescent moon shaped sign that read closed. The cat turned back to him and meowed before walking through the small flap at it’s base.
John hissed and pulled back as he accidently sliced his tongue on one of Sherlock’s sharpened canines.
He sat there for a while, letting his tears dampen his jumper, but the familiar ache in his knee let him know it was time to move on, at least for today.
Sherlock visibly deflated, sagging against the barrier. The taller man closed his eyes, again resting his forehead against the transparent blue wall. ‘I can’t leave John. I physically can’t.’
Sherlock smiled, ‘Morearty wasn't your average criminal, or human,’ he mumbled the word. ‘Once I understood the full scope of his organization I realized that it would take...unconventional methods to rid the world of his empire.’ His voice dropped a bit lower, ‘and if it meant keeping that psychopath away from you than there was no question about what had to be done.’
His eyes began to water at the thought of being given the chance to say those three simple words to his best friend.
‘Sherlock,’ John whispered. His breathing was labored, but he rubbed at his monster’s back as his mind slowly came back online.
Mycroft took a deep breath through his nose and kept his features calm, his eyes flitting to the earthy brown skinned, shamrock green eyed woman to his right.
This time there were only waves, ripples across its surface, and when they cleared he could hear his detective’s voice.
The pair stared at each other, before a small smile began to creep across the consulting detective’s lips. ‘John I...John!’
The silken glide of the detective’s tongue as he angled his head made the doctor’s toes curl in his trainers, and John was well flushed when Sherlock pulled back an inch or two to meet his eyes.
It was the same voice that lead him through the mile long corridors of the British Library to the ancient medical texts. Somehow the latin seemed familiar.
When the grieving man didn't answer she continued. “Have you thought about talking to someone John, a professional or...anyone?” She touched his hand, “You have friends John, we all care about you...I care….”
Sherlock smirked before he seemed to sober completely, ‘Leaving you was the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life,’ the detective scanned the room as he spoke, gathering his thoughts. ‘Harder than kicking cocaine...morphine…family dinners….’
‘It’s been months Bunny, where the hell have you been,’ John complained as he toweled her off. ‘You’ve come to take me to see him yea,’ he asked as he dried her fuzzy black head.
‘Sherlock,’ John moaned loudly a few achingly pleasant moments later, but the detective didn’t stop his slow wet drawing of the soldier’s essence. ‘Uhhh,’ John wined, taking hold of the tousled curls. He couldn’t stand the heat that was now dampening his clothes, but he moaned despite himself as Sherlock suddenly bucked hard against him. He could feel the bulge clearly against his own, but he was also beginning to feel weak in a way that was well beyond tired, despite being asleep, and he tried to bring his lover back to himself.
The first slam of his balled fists against the blue sent ripples around its entire surface. ‘Damn it Sherlock! You don’t get to just throw me away!’
‘God help me,’ the doctor trembled. ‘I love you.’ He started when he looked up. The blue wall was cracked. Long jagged lines stretched its entire surface, up to the ceiling, in front of where he stood.
The first dream came three months to the day after Sherlock’s fall, and it began as John was startled out of bed.
John nodded, ‘it’s just a dream,’ he said reaching out to pull his monster closer. ‘You can’t hurt me,’ he whispered against his lips.
“True!” Irene smiled, plucking a tissue from a nearby box to better clean Molly’s face. “But there’s nowhere else i’d rather be.” She fully handed the tissue to Molly, “go on and blow”.
“We’ve received word that there was another anomaly recorded today. Has anyone confirmed that it was the same energy signature as the one last week?” The woman looked around at her constituents.
‘Meeeeow,’ the cat whined across the small room from atop his dresser. It pawed at his clothes folded neatly in anticipation of tomorrow’s work day, knocking down his slacks and shirt.
Her fur moved like black fire around her, and it took him a minute to realize her little mouth was open in a loud meow. A moment later the sound reached him and he squinted his eyes shut tight as the meow slowly shifted in to a deafening roar.
‘Ah so she’s a she then. We’ve run into each other twice now. Does she have a name so I can stop calling her cat,’ John chuckled.
With the press of a button the projection of a round table and six colorful symbols lit up the room.
And ultimately that voice was the final nudge to follow Mike Stamford to that fateful St. Bart’s Hospital.
John shook his head and shrugged, ‘what the hell right, I’ve seen stranger things running around the bloody country with Sh….’
The blogger suddenly felt very old. He couldn’t even speak the man’s name. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath before quickly dressing grabbing his keys and following the little black cat out into the night.
Sherlock’s eyes were on his bare feet. ‘Moriarty,’ he began and John’s eyes widened. ‘He had assassins waiting for Lestraud and Mrs. Hudson...and you.’ The detective met his soldier’s eyes, ‘he was going to kill everyone I care about in this world.’ Sherlock took a step forward. ‘I wasn't going to let that happen.’
Standing in the much to large darkened foyer he immediately felt strange, light headed, and he covered his eyes for a moment, blinking until they were able to adjust to the darkness.
Author’s note: In this version of what happens after The Reichenbach Fall, none of the characters aside from Mycroft, Lestrade, and a speckle of non cannon characters know how Sherlock survived the fall.
She rubbed her thumb across Irene’s wrist, remembering the perfume she’d smelled there. “I was a different person when I worked for...them.” Molly’s eyes darted around the rooms, quietly showing Irene where the bugs were hidden. “...and I couldn’t...wasn’t supposed to...feel. If my superiors had even suspected….” She faltered. “I couldn’t think of any other way….”
Irene closed her eyes. “What you did was cowardly.”Her head hung, “you ran away from me, left me to pick up the pieces of a life I didn’t think was possible for someone like me.”
knew he was dreaming, but seeing Sherlock, speaking to what felt like the real Sherlock and not a figment of his grieving imagination was worth the strange feeling  that stood the hairs on the back of his neck on end.
He almost laughed as he imagined Sherlock urging him on with a, ‘don’t be dull John, clearly the cat is talking to you’.
On some basic level Sherlock knew how close he was standing to John as he gazed down in to his brilliantly blue eyes, and it was the ever present knowledge of the danger the doctor was in that kept him from stepping forward.
‘I thought,’ John had to take a moment to breathe through his laughter. ‘I thought cats were supposed to be agile! How the blazes did you just fall in here Bunny?’
“John, John wait,” Mary called, but the doctor was already out the door. She slumped back into her seat with a sigh. “Oh John.”
Molly tried to keep the mirth in her voice, “I couldn’t have lived knowing you weren’t taken care of.” She scooted her chair closer. “I still can’t.”
There was a strange blue light coming from under the door at the end of the hall he found at the top of the stairs and John looked down at his furry companion for guidance, but the cat was gone. He turned around in a half circle; he’d definitely chased it up here.
He closed his eyes and shuddered; every blink seemed to bring forth the image of Sherlock plummeting, the heaping thud as he met the concrete.
Molly kissed her quickly and stood to grab their coats, helping Irene in to hers, before slipping on her own and offering The Woman her arm.
Sitting up in the tub John tore the rag from his eyes and he couldn't help the nearly hysterical laughter that bubbled up at seeing Chubby Bunny shaking off the water now soaking her fur.
John stood up straighter and waited for Sherlock to meet his eyes before he spoke. ‘I know I'm not as smart as the great Sherlock Holmes, but I'm not stupid Sherlock. You didn't have to walk through this alone...you still don't.’
What caused the doctor’s eyes to water was the sight of his late detective floating on his back above the bed, limbs limp, and eyes closed. Both he and the bed were encircled by a ring of light that tinted the white walls a deep ocean blue.
“No, I haven't spoken to my therapist. There's nothing to talk about. He was alive and now he's not.” John swallowed down the last of his whiskey in two long gulps, coughing for a moment at the burn, before standing and slipping his hand from under Mary’s. “Thank you Mary,” he began taking a few bills from his wallet and placing them on the table. “Really, it's very kind of you but I'm okay. Stiff upper lip and all that.” He began walking away but turned, swaying a bit, “tell everyone not to worry. I'll see you on Monday,” he said with only a slight slur.
The wayward feline looked as if it’d been caught, paw extended to tap at the side of another small ceramic potted plant, as it’s ‘bored’ blue green eye stared up at John.
The veteran started. He’d definitely heard Sherlock’s voice but the man’s lips never moved. The doctor edged closer to the ring, noting the glowing blue white line on the floor marking it’s edge.
Skidding to a stop at the ledge he looked down and immediately recognized the bright red door of 221B.
Sherlock kissed him, slowly, before quickly latching on to the doctor’s neck, coiling around him like a snake. John’s thighs spread wide to accommodate the larger man, and he arched into the sensation as heat spread from Sherlock’s many sharp teeth through his veins.
“Shut up,” she whispered between them. Irene could taste the creamy chocolate as she passed her tongue over Molly’s lips. “You don’t have to play that role with me.” Her eyes fell to Molly’s downy soft lips.
John stared up at the white nothingness above him pliant and patient. Even as the creature tilted his head farther back to bury his nose in his stubbly neck, he felt peacefully calm.
John sighed again and stood. ‘Why do cats do that, just knock things over.’ He placed the folded clothing back in it’s pile and turned. ‘No reason, just making a mess because you’re boar….’
The soldier stepped forward but Sherlock spun holding out a hand warning him back from the ring of light.
He looked around then, suddenly realizing he had no idea when or how he’d gotten back to baker street.
He sat across from her sipping his third cup of whiskey and wondered if she could ever love half a man.
‘Hum,’ John wondered. He opened the window and followed her feathery swishing tail up the ladder on to the roof. The pair stood for a moment taking in the huge hunters moon overhead. It was the largest John had ever seen it and it seemed close enough to reach out and touch.
Greg nodded and extended an arm to fold the taller man back into his chest, tucking the blanket in behind him.
‘Sher…,’ he shivered when the detective rolled his hips against him. ‘Bloody Hell,’ he panted. ‘Sherlock...sto...stop….’
Taking a moment to listen for prying ears Mycroft opened his phone and dialed the first number on his speed dial.
‘That would be a bad idea.’ Sherlock rolled his shoulder, a strange look of hunger passing over his features. ‘I’ve been put in here for a reason John.’ He shook his dark head, closing his eyes, ‘I don’t want to hurt you.’
‘Dear God I love that voice,’ he thought and Sherlock chuckled, standing but leaving his violin on the floor.
‘Sherlock...I don’t understand. If you’re dead then what is this place? Where are we and...how am I here?’
The Woman stifled her laughter with a gloved hand, almost demure, as she stepped further into the lab.
John huffed, and rested his wheaton head on his knees. A few minutes later he rose and went to the bathroom to relieve himself, grabbing the bottle of whisky and a glass from the kitchen.
The soldier winced as a moment of pain passed from the speed that his pupils had dilated, and John noted his lust didn’t fade, even as he watched the iris of his detective’s left eye swallow the now glowing blue and then the white, until all that remained was shiny black.
‘Sherlock,’ John chuckled. ‘Look, I know that I’m dreaming, but I also know that you are,  in some way, alive. If you’re being held against your will somehow just give the word.’
“Ms. Addler! How did you...I mean why are you,” Molly stumbled over her words, eyes darting around the room, as she stood, but she was stilled when Irene dropped her large black fur to the floor, took her cheeks in hand, and kissed the alphabet from her lips.
“The data is still being analyzed. It’s taking some time but the readings so far do seem to be similar.” The british government sighed feigning weariness, “we will have more data by tomorrow evening and I’ll have my secretary brief you…,”
They both began to laugh as they untangled and removed their respective gloves before embracing properly. “I’m so glad you’re here,” Molly whispered.
John stared at the metal and leather chair. He could stand there forever and count each fleck of dust that wafted by the thick beam of sunlight.
In slow motion Sherlock watched his hand reach out to John. He’d just caught sight of the dark brown leather jacket when a large hand wrapped itself around his throat, a second covering his mouth, and together they pulled him back into darkness.
John held his breath as he slowly opened the door to find Sherlock sitting cross legged in a bright ring of sunlight on the floor facing the open window. Immediately he noted that his detective’s hair shone a fiery red orange in the nearly blinding sunshine, and he stepped forward when his vision fully cleared after stepping out of the darkness of the hall.
The doctor spun, eyes darting around the room and landing on the cat still sitting on top of his dresser, clearly watching him. His mouth fell open as the cat, looking him in the eyes, knocked his clothes off the dresser again.
More than the pain in his head, it hurt to hear Sherlock sound so desperate. But he had no time to focus on that new pain. Pulled forward, he fell and instead of the plush carpet his face hit water.
‘You're damn well bloody right you're responsible,’ John shouted. ‘How bloody stupid are you! How could you do that...just give up...just leave!’
‘Ofh! Bloody hell,’ he grumbled, half asleep. He rolled on to his side from his back, rising onto an elbow and peering blearily into the darkness. There on his windowsill, framed by the brightest moonlight he'd ever seen in London, sat the same black cat he’d chased from 221B, complete with bell and missing eye.
John could feel something not quite, but akin to, electricity shoot up his arm, and the light of the barrier rippled and crackled as Sherlock’s lax frame fell atop the plush bed.
Careful to avoid the broken glass on the floor John climbed out of the tub wrapping a towel around his waist and grabbing another from the cupboard for Chubby.
“Where’d you come from little guy.” John picked up the purring wriggling cat and she deftly jumped out of his arms over his shoulder and out the bedroom door.
“The whole office is worried about you. Asking you out on a date was the only way I could think of to keep you from going straight home and drinking yourself to sleep...again,” she leaned forward a bit on her folded arms with the last word.
‘John,’ Sherlock added a bit more bass to his voice, hoping for his former air of authority and hoping the medic didn’t notice it’s quiver, straightening up taller on his knees. ‘Go.’
“Thank you….. I’m just so so shocked...but pleased,” she stumbled. “That you’re here. After our last meeting I never thought I’d see you again. I thought.” Molly shook her head and sniffed, forcing herself to keep contact with the eyes she’d been trying to avoid for over a decade. “I know what I did was...unforgivable….”
The British government was silent for another half block before he disturbed the doctor’s wandering thoughts.
The beeping was so light, only someone trained to sleep lightly would have heard it, which was why Mycroft was slowly shifting and blinking the sleep from his eyes.
Suddenly John felt a jolt run through him when his partner sped up his strokes with a twist to his wrist.
The younger man knelt atop the bed with wide shocked eyes, his hands resting against the barrier without incident. He looked as if he were yelling but John couldn’t hear him. He had so many questions, but for the moment he was just happy to be able to look into the detective’s eyes and see his soul staring back. The sudden flash of lifeless blue eyes shattered the last of John’s stoicism and his shoulders shook as he covered his eyes to hide his tears. A few minutes later when he was able to calm himself he raised his eyes back to his detective.
(1) Chantilli cats are a long haired breed with low dander. My little girl is a chantilli thank goodness because I'm allergic to cats. lol
The curse died in his throat as his knees finally gave way, and he sank to the floor. A gloved hand covered his mouth to quiet his pain.
John stared, mouth slack in shock as he stepped farther into the room. The raven curls shimmered as they were jostled by an unknown breeze.
Slowly her veneer began to break till her shoulders were shaking with sobs and Irene wrapped her arms around the small ME.
He didn't turn, lifting his face to look out at a fluffy cloud passing by. ‘How have you been,’ he questioned.
He chuckled briefly at the irony of his lecturing Sherlock on the benefits of proper sleeping habits.
“Where are you staying, while you’re in town?” Her focus was split, but only between Irene’s eyes and lips.
As he reached for the handle he didn't question the unlocked door because of the lilting violin that lured him from inside. He slowed his pace up the stairs as he spotted Chubby at the top, and he pat her head as he passed.
As he wandered down the street in a random direction a sleek black car slowed to a crawl next to him.
‘I don’t know how, and...,’ the doctor’s thumb touched the detective’s blood red lips. ‘I’m not sure I want to.’
Sherlock was the first to speak as their giddy mood receded. ‘You know I thought you’d be more curious about all this.’ His eyes wandered around the room.
“Ah jeez, Myc. Your brother is stubborn as a three legged mule,” she sighed with a chuckle. “John went back to Baker Street.”
Once again the door was unlocked and the ex soldier’s breath caught in his throat as he slowly pushed it open.
Flailing up in bed the doctor found himself badly tangled in his blankets, falling over the side in a cocoon of sheets.
“No! You have no idea what I feel! You despised your brother,” he chuckled darkly. “Probably because you know he was smarter than you,” he pointed an accusatory finger at the arrogant man. “He was better than you in every way that matted, and I let him di….” John’s eyes were wide and wet when he realized what he was saying.
From across the room he heard the soft meow, then a moment later a meow from the foot of the bed, but he cracked an eye open when the cat called from atop his chest.
When the man didn’t answer he stepped closer, the light painting his skin as he reached out with one singular thought, ‘Sherlock’.
Before John could blink he found himself flat on his back with the wind knocked out of him. Luckily, the now glowing ground was actually soft, but he watched wide eyed as suddenly every button on his shirt went flying when it was ripped open.
‘Sherlock, I know that look and I’m not being dense, the only living thing I’ve seen since I got home from work today is that bloody cat and you.’ The doctor was becoming agitated, but it dissipated quickly. ‘I can’t believe you’re here.’ He stepped closer to the barrier searching his friend’s eyes, ‘I can’t believe it...Sherlock….’
Looking up into shimmering azure eyes John spoke in a low voice, ‘I’m here, I’m with you Sherlock...If there’s work to be done than do let’s crack on.’
A moment later Sherlock looked up with sad baggy red eyes. He smiled slightly, just a simple upturn at the corner of his mouth, and John smiled back.
Sherlock rest his lips against the soldier’s wrist, loosening his grip in his hair, as he ground his now sharp teeth. Dropping one of his hands to the small of John’s back, the other messaged the back of his neck relaxing him further. ‘I...changed, to protect you. But I believe I’ve made a serious error in judgement.’
This time, instead of the door, the chantilly (1) walked over to the window, standing up on her hind legs and pawing at the latch.
Irene shrugged, “when I heard he was gone,” she rubbed gently at Molly’s palm, meeting her eyes squarely. “I had to come back. If not for him or myself, then for you. I know how much he meant to you.” Molly let lose a teary smile and squeezed The Woman’s hands.
Immediately the teeth embedded in his skin were extracted and replaced with lips and a tongue that quickly stopped the bleeding.
“Thank you for joining us Mr. Holmes,” a sharp green eyed blond woman spoke first and Mycroft nodded.
With a lick of his lips Sherlock reached down John’s body to pull him free of his trousers and pants, and he kissed him softly as he slowly began to stroke him.
‘I'm sorry John,’ the taller man looked down at his hands. ‘I know you have a lot of questions, but I can't answer most of them. I just...needed to see you,’ he met his friends eyes. ‘I was told you weren't fairing very well and I hold myself responsible.’
Sherlock flattened his hands against the barrier, motioning for the vet to do the same.  John took a deep breath, reaching out, implicitly trusting that the reaction would be different.
The third floated by in a  jumble of numbers letters and symbols as his senses were suddenly dialed up to ten.
The boffin nipped at his soldier’s shoulder, grinding them together. John’s mouth fell open as his breathing sped up, and Sherlock’s now dilated but blue eyes met his with a lust neither had been prepared for.
John began sliding his hands around the forcefield. ‘There has to be a way to break through this...wall.’
“You've lost weight...I haven't seen you take a lunch break in weeks. And we can all smell that you haven't been showering or doing laundry regularly,” she said with a small smile.
John’s first thought as he surged forward past the blazing ring of light was, ‘I was right! It burns!’
Staring up at a trembling black eyed Sherlock John was unfazed, unrepentant despite his heart thundering in his chest.
The room was massive, lavishly decorated with oversized furniture and a carpet he could feel bend beneath his well worn trainers. There was a large round bed at its center that sat directly beneath a similarly sized round skylight.
John on the other hand ignored every single warning bell going off in his head. But he knew in his gut that, even if he were burnt to a cinder by the blazing light that surrounded the posh man standing in front of him, he was going to cross that line.
Sherlock watched John staring at the door. Why didn’t he just come in? Doesn’t he know this is his home too? It was breaking Sherlock’s heart to see the pain and confusion on John’s face. Almost like he was lost and couldn’t find his way home. It was one more emotion that Sherlock didn’t know how to deal with an one more realization about how much he hurt John. This whole endeavor was all about sentiment and Sherlock was so far out of his depth. He could handle being uncomfortable for John.  Sherlock didn’t expect to see him this morning but he was pleased to see him walking down Baker Street like he had so many times before. This time was different obviously. Sherlock had yet to formulate a plan on how to get John to forgive him. Mind Palace John just told him to let John talk and be patient with him. Neither of these are Sherlock’s strong suits but if it meant having a chance to bring John home, he would learn. Sherlock resolved to himself that no matter what happened, what was said, he would leave himself open to John. He would not put up his shields. He needed John to know how sorry he was and how much he meant to Sherlock. It would be difficult.  After a painfully long time, Sherlock finally called down to John to stop staring at the door and come in already. He braced himself for whatever John had to throw at him. He was hoping that there wouldn’t be anymore physical abuse, the wounds on his back were still healing. He would take whatever John had to do but he really hoped that bit would be over.
Sherlock shook his head. It all felt too raw and he was slightly embarrassed that his brain would continue to play these tricks on him now that he knew John was alive and well. He was a man of logic and still these terrible images haunted him. He knew he would tell John about them at some point, just not now.
About half an hour later, Molly arrived looking thoroughly terrorized. She hadn’t been familiar with the Mycroft Holmes’ method of providing transportation and she was convinced she was about to be murdered. Sherlock and John both placed a kiss on either of her cheeks and thanked her for coming and for all that she had done.
The soldier smiled sheepishly as he got out of bed. Sorry to be leaving the comfortable warmth of Sherlock but he needed the loo and now that he made a fool of himself, he figured he might as well get on with the day. He had barely turned on the kettle when he heard footsteps entering the kitchen. “That was quick, Sherlock. I woudn’t have been half surprised if you conked back out.” He turned around and it wasn’t his roommate standing in the kitchen.
‘Brother dear, you’ve only been alive for 3 days, couldn’t keep yourself out of trouble? Phone is being tracked, notifications being sent. Do try to stay safe until the Calvary arrives. –MH’
John instinctively grabbed Sherlock's arm back. "I'm glad we can finally put that bastard Moriarty behind us. He's been hanging over our heads for far too long. We won though, in the end. We're back at Baker Street, where we belong. We can pick up life where we left off without having to worry that the next shoe is about to drop."
“Sherlock, I forgive you. I’ll be honest, I still have a lot of feelings about the whole situation but you were willing to sacrifice everything for me. You asked me if I knew how important I am to you but do you know how important you are to me? I couldn’t hate you if I tried. Even on the darkest days after you fell, I never hated you. Sherlock, you are the most important person in the world to me. I don’t want you to ever leave this flat, leave me, again.”
He watched John walk down the hall. Sherlock didn’t know how he himself managed to hold it together while telling the story. He could normally detach himself from sentiment but for John, he didn’t this time. Watching John’s face as he made his revelations was extremely difficult. Watching the pain, sadness, fear, grief, and maybe understanding course through John’s face was more difficult than Sherlock ever expected. He just wanted to pull John close and make him feel safe and loved. John Watson was most definitely loved and because of this, Sherlock made sure he was also safe. Sherlock went to the kitchen to put on the kettle. They had finished the pot that Mrs. Hudson brought up and he was sure they could both do with another cuppa.
While he could hear John knocking mugs about in the kitchen making tea, Sherlock grinned to himself. John hadn’t actually objected to Mycroft’s teasing about the happy announcement. Maybe John wasn’t quite as straight as he used to so adamantly insist.
Sherlock looked confused. Solved what? John had only just gotten back. John gestured at the crime scene behind the consulting detective.
“I had to eliminate the threat all together. Even if those snipers were fooled, Moriarty’s network was vast and other threats would pop up in their place. I needed to make sure you would be safe. With Mycroft’s help I staged the fall in a way I could survive and Molly assisted as  I needed a man inside the hospital as well. For some reason, Moriarty didn’t target Molly so I was able to use her as an asset. Please don’t be upset with her. She suffered watching all of you and being unable to say anything. Had she, she would have compromised all of this. Of course, Mycroft provided me with Intel as to where to go to dismantle the whole network. As I was technically dead, I needed to be discreet as well as thorough. For the most part I was abroad, though on extremely rare occasions, I came back to London. Would you like to know how I survived?”
"John. I don't know how to begin. I don't know what Mycroft told you, as you didn't seem that shocked to find I was alive. I'm so sorry."
Mary has a plan to get Sherlock out of the way and have John to herself but unfortunately for her, sentiment gets in the way.
He broke their kiss, “May I?” he indicated John’s shirt. John grinned, “If that’s what you want, love.” Sherlock pulled John up to a sitting position and pulled his jumper over his head and removed the button up shirt that was underneath. He leaned John back on to the bed. This was the first time Sherlock had ever seen John without a shirt. Sherlock looked down at him, taking in the view of John’s chest and stomach. He was more muscular than Sherlock had imagined. While he wasn’t as fit as he had been in the army, he certainly wasn’t slacking at all. Sherlock traced his fingers down the center of John’s chest and then leaned forward and starting peppering John with kisses down his jaw, his neck, and then eventually stopped at John’s shoulder. He saw the scar from the bullet John took in the war. It looked like a starburst. He tentatively touched it with his fingers and felt John tense beneath him. He knew John was self-conscious about the scar. Sherlock gently kissed the scar. “You’re amazing,” Sherlock murmured, “So strong.” He spent a few more moments tracing the lines of John’s scar with kisses before moving on and exploring the rest of John’s chest and torso. He could feel John relax. As he reached John’s trousers, he knew he needed to see and explore all of him. He wanted to taste, touch, feel every inch of John. Sherlock wanted to know what he liked and how to please him. He looked up at John, his eyes dark with lust, and gently tugged at his belt.
After they both had quick showers and John had gotten Sherlock to eat at least a bit of breakfast, they sat back in their chairs with their tea. John lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock. "So, I believe we are back where we started last night, before we were interrupted by an angry DI and a revenge killing. Shall we continue?"
Sherlock blushed slightly before giving John a genuine smile that seem to be reserved only for him. “Thank you, John. I will play it again, I’m sure.”
“You know what I went through when he died the first time and you would have me suffer it a second time knowing that he wouldn’t be able to come back. Clearly, I meant nothing to you if you were willing to inflict that on me. I’ll tell you again to drop your weapon. I have killed for this man before and I will not hesitate to do so again.”
“Nevermind the coffee, John. We’ve got a case.” Sherlock popped his head into the kitchen on his way to his bedroom to get dressed. John sighed and went upstairs to get dressed.
“Ah, ok. Still wasn’t what I was expecting to hear. Tell me more about what else that has you thinking that his feelings may have changed.”
Sherlock ran his long fingers down John’s hips, hands rubbing down his thighs, and then ran them back up to cup John’s buttocks in his hands. He pressed an urgent kiss on John’s lips and rolled John on top of him so he was being straddled by his army doctor. He loved this, feeling the weight of John on top of him. In their current position, their hard lengths were just a few thin layers of clothing apart, pressing firmly together, and it felt amazing. Sherlock tentatively reached down and touched John’s member through his pants. John let out a moan at the contact. John bucked his hips at the touch and moved against Sherlock’s erection which then caused the detective to let out a deep purr from the back of his throat. At this point, they both lost control. They were kissing and holding onto each other as they started to grind their hips together. In what seemed like second, Sherlock reached orgasm and yelled out John’s name. John followed almost immediately taking his turn to shout Sherlock’s name. They collapsed in a tangled heap on the bed, panting, and smiling.
They had barely gotten their coats off when they arrived at Baker Street when Sherlock pulled John close to him. He held onto him as if Sherlock would drown if he let go. He finally had his doctor in his arms not as a friend, colleague, flatmate, but as his. John nuzzled his face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck, placing light kisses there. Sherlock let out a deep contented sigh. John looked up and Sherlock met his gaze before leaning down and kissing John again. The kiss lacked the urgency of the previous one but was no less passionate. Sherlock initiated deepening the kiss by running his tongue along John’s lower lip. John parted his lips to allow Sherlock in. For several more moments, they lazily fought for dominance in the kiss until once again being humans became an inconvenience and they had to breathe.
“I came to you straight away, John. I didn’t come back here till after. Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson had had her evening soother by then so she took me walking through the door better than expected. She restocked the fridge with food early this morning.” Sherlock almost looked disappointed by the lack of body parts.
The two men climbed the familiar 17 steps up to their flat. Still not a word said between then as John pushed open the door, removed his jacket, and walked into their sitting room as if he had been there all along. Sherlock moved in a trance, removing his Belstaff and scarf, his eyes never leaving John.
“I’m sure we would find ways to entertain ourselves.” Sherlock gave a smirk that John didn’t know how to interpret. Was Sherlock Holmes actually trying to flirt with him? Just in case, John smiled back.
John laid back on the bed as the waves of emotion just rolled over him. He was suddenly exhausted and could barely keep his eyes open. He had resolved that he needed to see Sherlock, without Mary, and talk. The last thought in his mind was that he would go to Baker Street the next morning and see him. John feel into a fitful yet dreamless sleep.
“So, what’s his story then?” John said indicating the man who currently held Sherlock’s focus. Sherlock jumped slightly at his voice.
“Are you sure I won’t be ruining everything? I won’t be a good partner. I’m a horrible, selfish person. Everyone tells me. I’m a-a freak.” Sherlock blurted out his fears.
“As ever, brother mine, I was concerned. You simply stopped responding to texts and it would appear you found the cameras again. Given you had just been kidnapped mere hours ago, you do understand my worry.”
Thanks for hanging in there with me to this point. Things are moving faster now and there is some fluff and lovely feels coming in the next chapter.
Mrs. Hudson patted him on the cheek and took her seat at the table. They took turns sharing stories of the time Sherlock was away, keeping them as light and humorous as possible. It wasn’t until Mrs. Hudson started rubbing her hip, they realized how late into the evening it had gotten.
Swiftly and silently, John went downstairs and swept the sitting room and the kitchen quickly for any enemies. He stepped cautiously down the hall, weary of the weak floorboards less they gave away his position.
Mrs. Hudson brought an assortment of cakes and cookies as well as a pot of tea up to 221B. She was so happy to have her boys back home. As she walked into the flat, even she could feel the tension building there. She had no idea at that time what sort of tension. Of course she knew how the men felt for each other, even if they were too blind to see it for themselves but she also knew that both of their tempers could run hot. She wasn’t sure if she was diffusing the situation or helping it along by walking in. Nonetheless, she brought the tray over the the kitchen table and began doling out the goodies before they could ask her to leave.
When they arrived back at the flat after their dip into the Thames, they both started shedding their clothing in the sitting room. Freezing and wet was not an enjoyable feeling and they both wanted to solve this as quickly as possible. John pulled off his coat and jumper. Sherlock turned to see him in a pale blue t shirt clinging very flatteringly to his chest and stomach becoming almost translucent where it touched his skin. Those jeans that fit every curve perfectly when dry should have been illegal they way they clung to him when wet. Sherlock caught John’s eye for but a moment before John thankfully went off for a shower. Sherlock almost thought he saw a fleeting look of lust in his friend’s eye before he scurried off. Sherlock couldn’t trust his vision as his feelings were surely clouding his perceptions. He was painfully aroused by the thought of John in those clothes clinging to his body and the thought of peeling them off of him and covering his body with his hands and lips to warm him up. He had to stop thinking at this point. John would surely leave if he knew Sherlock had these feelings. And he would much rather have John here, even if not in every way he wanted him.
The waiter came to the table with the final course and the two finished their meal quickly and without much conversation except what was being spoken between eyes meeting and barely contained smiles. They were both eager to return to Baker Street. While the restaurant was lovely, somethings were better discussed in actual privacy. Sherlock informed the waiter they were going to skip dessert but he was convinced by the waiter to at least take the dessert home with them, it was not to be missed. Sherlock settled the tab and with their compliments to the chef, the men took their leave. A cab once again appeared to be waiting to take them back home.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and his brows furrowed. “Of course you are important. How could you think otherwise, John? You are very important to me at least. Anyone else who can’t see your worth are idiots.”
"I was overwhelmed with relief at seeing you, Sherlock. Mycroft told me you were alive but didn't say anything else. Just sent me off to the crime scene. I didn't know what condition you would be in. Alive is just breathing. You could have been missing a limb or something. I knew you would be tortured in Serbia, I just didn't know how. The relief on seeing you standing there as if you had never been gone was, quite frankly, shocking. And, of course, I've been protecting you from Moriarty's men for so long, I was afraid that someone may still be watching. I didn't know what reaction would set them off." John dropped his head and rubbed his hands over his face. "I know they are gone, but it's been years. Years, Sherlock, of making sure you would come back home, back to me. It's hard to believe that it's finally over."
“Ex-experiment, John. Wanted to see if even in unconsciousness someone could feel themselves being watched.”
“There were times I had to come back to London. We couldn’t let them know that I knew where you were. So for some of the time between your assignments, I was here. Of course, we let it out I had been recruited into MI6, but I had a body double who would go on missions as me and since it as basically just lackeys following me when I travelled, no one knew the difference when I left. But while I was supposed to be in London, there were higher level baddies watching me so I knew I had to at least make an appearance. The biggest problem was when you were captured in Serbia. Mycroft… he wouldn’t let me be on the team that got you out of there. I nearly ripped his head off. I knew,” John paused, he head fell into his hands. He couldn’t keep the emotion out of his voice. “I knew you would be tortured before any of us could get to you. But Mycroft said that I needed to be the one to act on the information you had gathered. It was critical to ending all of this. I made him promise to get you out alive and bring you home. I went after the last piece of the puzzle. I prayed he made good on his promise but I didn’t know until after I finished that you had been rescued and were mostly healed, back home.”
Sherlock was pleased that his first attempt at a suggestive remark seemed to be well received. He hoped he could keep John’s interest without making this clearly all about the physical attraction. He was extremely attracted to the doctor but it was so much more than that. He didn’t want John to think he wanted just sex.
John woke first to sunlight pouring into the room. He felt incredibly well rested for the first time in a long time. He felt Sherlock’s back pressed tightly against his, the violinist’s fingers resting lightly on his thigh almost as if he was checking to make sure he was still there. The doctor smiled. He realized they made it through the whole night without a bad dream between them. At least not one that woke anyone screaming. He stretched and reached to check his phone that was on the night table.
Sherlock and John were once again alone in the flat. There was almost an awkward silence as each tried to figure out how to proceed. John quickly tidied up the kitchen table while Sherlock put the dishes in the sink.
“Everything alright, Sherlock?” John looked concerned as now Sherlock’s phone was ringing and the detective appeared determined to ignore it.
“Yours. It’s got a bigger bed and nicer sheets. It would probably be better. Let me go see if I left any pajamas here.” He jogged upstairs and came down a few minutes later in an old pair of pajama bottoms and the same undershirt he had been wearing earlier.
Sherlock gestured with an arm towards their chairs as an invitation to sit. Not that he wanted to rush the warm feelings in the flat but he knew it needed to happen. He had hope for the first time since he came back that things might work out and John might come home. For that to happen, they needed to get this over with. John turned to hang his coat on the hook by the door and Sherlock poured their tea and brought over the plate of biscuits to sit on the table by their chairs. As they sat down and got settled for what would surely be a difficult conversation, John couldn’t help but feeling like this felt right. He was still angry and hurt but at the same time, the hug, the doting by Mrs. Hudson, sitting across from Sherlock in their chairs as they had done so very many times before, it filled his heart with a sense of peace that he had been missing. Like he had finally come home after a war he didn’t know he was fighting.
‘Being kidnapped as we speak. They want me to believe I’m going to see you. Not very smart, haven’t taken my phone away. Please track my phone and contact Lestrade and John with my location. –SH’
"I agree. In that regard, I saw last night that you had some hesitation, some doubt in your eyes." Sherlock didn't need to ask why, John knew what he was getting at.
After pulling up in front of 221B Baker Street, John locked the bike, and opened the door. Sherlock remained unnaturally quiet. He didn't know what to expect when he saw his blogger again, but this wasn't it. Mrs Hudson met them in the hallway.
Later that evening, after a dinner of Thai, John and Sherlock sat in their respective chairs relaxing. John nursing a tumbler of whiskey and Sherlock a glass of red wine. They were sitting just enjoying the quiet.
“Dr. Watson went to a very dark place after you died, Sherlock. He didn’t leave Baker Street for months. Lost his job at the clinic, stopped talking to everyone, barely uttered even a word to Mrs Hudson. Then one day, he came out of hiding. We all thought he had come around finally but we were wrong. He was a different man then. He became a vigilante of sorts. Any criminal he helped apprehend for the Yard was either beaten within an inch of his life or simply killed. Not to mention the havoc he raised if he stumbled upon a criminal act before the Yard could intervene. You can imagine the paperwork.” Mycroft looked annoyed, Sherlock looked ill.
Sherlock took John's hand in both of his. "You will undoubtedly do something normal and I will be confused. You need only explain it to me and I will try to understand. If I'm not comfortable with something, I will endeavor to let you know. And John, surely you know, I can never get bored with you. You are the mystery I can't solve, I can't read you like I can read other people. You are an enigma: kind and deadly, caring and intimidating. I could spend many lifetimes with you and still not be bored as there is always another layer to Dr. John Hamish Watson that I didn't anticipate."
“Greg is Lestrade, you git! Really, you don’t want to go see about the case?” It was John’s turn to look confused.
“I knew a happy announcement would be coming. I use assumed it would be sooner than this.  I do hope there is cake?” Mycroft surprised them all by appearing suddenly in the doorway.
When Sherlock woke up, he was confused why he was alone at first. Then as he started to realize it was almost 10am, everything started to become clearer. John was working today (dull), there were no cases (boring). He perked up immediately when he remembered he was going to talk to Molly about John today. Molly would help him understand what was happening and then he could figure out if John loved him too. Sherlock almost wanted to slap himself, he sounded like a babbling school girl. Sherlock’s thoughts turned to concern. He didn’t know how to do this thing. Relationships were difficult and required compromise and consideration for the other person. As Sherlock had been reliably informed in the past, he is a selfish bastard. Could he be a good partner to John? ‘First things, first,’ Sherlock thought, ‘Does John even care for me that way?’ Sherlock showered and dressed in record time and was hailing a cab to Bart’s in no time.
I'm not great at coming up with cases so I tapped into my love of Criminal Minds. I don't remember if I saw this case specifically or something similar or if I just put a whole bunch of random clips of episodes together.
That was all that was said by way of a greeting between the two men. Their eyes locked and to any bystander it would look as though they were having a staring contest but John and Sherlock rarely needed words to communicate with each other. Volumes were being spoken in that silence. Sherlock studied John’s eyes. Those emerald green gems that seemed to hold the world in them. He saw that John was angry, hurt, relieved, happy, confused, and there was so much grief still present even though Sherlock had come back. He had seen the aftermath of his jump on John. In the rare occasion his mission brought him back to London, he did check on John and could see that he had withered in that time. Lost several pounds from his average frame. Pounds that Sherlock had worked so hard to get him to gain when they first met. When John discharged home, living in a bedsit, feeling useless,  and unsure where he had belonged. Whether John ever actually was aware of his own PTSD related eating disorder, Sherlock wasn’t sure but he made sure that John ate anytime he said he was hungry. Sherlock wasn’t much for eating himself. His transport just didn’t require that much.  John’s face aged with heavy lines of worry and sadness.
At that moment, Mrs. Hudson came into the flat carrying a tray with tea and biscuits. She put the tray down on the table. She looked into the sitting room and saw the two men wrapped up in a hug and she smiled broadly. Her appearance in the flat didn’t alarm them and they didn’t break the embrace for another minute. “My boys. Oh my boys, it's so good to have you back together. Just as it should be.” She walked towards them and pulled them both into a tight embrace. For the usual gusto which Mrs. Hudson dealt with all things related to “her boys” she was very subdued. A true look of relief on her face that the two men had come back together. She could clearly see that there was a lot of tension between them. Based on Sherlock’s behavior the night before, she knew there would be lots of talking and probably shouting before the day was done. Never before had she walked into 221B to find the men wrapped up in each other’s arms as if they were each a life preserver for the other. “You boys have a lot to talk about. I’ve left tea and nibbles.” She smiled once more with tears in her eyes. Both men grinned as they heard her softly humming as she left the apartment.
Finally John spoke, “I guess it’s off to bed with me as well. Good night, Sherlock.” He smiled at Sherlock while walking towards the door of the kitchen.
“Actually, I just really like trees and really don’t like forest fires.” He mutters and John thinks that he must have hit the nail right on the head if he’s acting like this.
“Yes.” John finds himself saying, although he doesn’t know why. “John.” He says and there is a brief silence from the other side of the line. “It’s Holmes, right?”
Lestrade nods for a moment then shoots thumbs up to the Ranger who has just finished putting in John’s window. “Alright then, it was a pleasure John. I’ll let you know if we find anything towards this but, just to warn you, things like this don’t normally get figured out. They’re too complex and there isn’t enough evidence. Hell, for all we know those girls could be out of the state by now. There really isn’t much that we can do.” They shake hands and Lestrade reminds him to contact him as soon as he gets out of here.
“Carl hated climbing, his dad or guardian, this scary bloke called James Moriarty brought him out here in the summer to get him away from home; I think he was having a messy divorce with his newest wife or something. Anyway, his dad used to be in the military until he was discharged for a non-fatal injury. He was missing four of his fingers.” Sherlock says and John has to wince, he’s seen injuries like that on a man before and they never end well. “I used to talk to Carl all the time because his dad was in the tower most days but Carl loved to hike so I used to walk him around the trails.” And it sounds to John as if he is smiling. “He used to get into trouble with the Rangers a lot for going out without his parents and I vouched for him. Got me in even more trouble but he could come and go as he pleased which seemed more important.” Sherlock says.
John wakes early, as is his MO, to the sound of radio cutting in and out, but Sherlock isn’t trying to talk to him at all so he doesn’t even bother talking to him. It is surprisingly easy to slip into a routine during the day of checking through the windows and reading the maps on his desk and walls to try and acquaint himself with the layout of the park, even though he knows in his mind that he never will.
“Okay then. How about the Redbeard fire?” John finally says and it takes Sherlock a very long time to answer but John doesn’t rush him.
The Pilot is kind enough to pull his luggage out of the back for him and he's carted off of the runway by a tired looking man in a jumpsuit who claps the Pilot on the back and tells him that his readings were good the entire time. Eventually, when they've reached a smaller out building, the pilot turns to John and holds out a hand but doesn't bother with taking his gloves off.
He comes across a tree about halfway to the lake, all ripped up with half of the bark missing and deep gouges out of the wood. He doesn’t even realise that he’s calling Sherlock before he hears the kssh beep of his radio.
Not John laughs and the sound makes Sherlock’s stomach roll. “Of course I am, I have to put up with you all the time.”
“Redbeard. Had him when I was a kid; grew up in a lonely household and he was pretty much my only friend as a kid. He died when I was young.” Sherlock coughs and John doesn’t know what to say. “Listen, there’s a thing in the middle of your room with a round map on it, do you see it?” And John radios back an affirmation. “If you’re really the military man Molly claims you are, I’m sure you’ll be able to tell me what that it.”
On the cab ride here, they had discussed unimaginable happiness. Well, John asked lots of questions and Sherlock answered in his usual cold way. John wondered if he had ever felt it, and Sherlock said that he hadn’t which was completely true. Sherlock thinks that John wanted to feel that with Mary. Which was fine. Because Sherlock hoped that they would both feel it in the end.
John grabs the radio and holds it up to his face. “Hello?” And he barely gets the words out before he is cut off.
“Sherlock?” John asks and when Sherlock nods, John throws himself at him and kisses him fiercely. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he realises that Sherlock is laughing but ignores him instead. Because they are safe, the helicopters are coming and Sherlock is alive, not dead at the bottom of a cavern like Carl Powers. “I thought that you might have left already.” John whispers as Sherlock wipes the tears away from his eyes.
“Someone’s broken in, my typewriters been chucked out of one of the windows!” He hisses and launches himself up the stairs, ignoring Sherlock’s frantic call and instead focusing on the large hole in one of his windows and the mess on the floor. “They’ve completely fucked everything up! They stole my fucking sheets, Sherlock? Who steals fucking sheets?”
John is wearing his black jacket with the patches on the shoulders and elbows today. It's a particular favourite of Sherlock's because it was what he was wearing when the first met and he hopes that he's memorised every stitch of that jacket because he can't do it now, not in nine minutes an definitely not when he still can't get into John's room. So instead, Sherlock works out the temperature of his mouth by the small puffs of his breath in the cold February air. Every exhalation fogs the air with a drifting, ephemeral white cloud that barely dissipates before the next warm breath condenses into another misty plume. Sherlock doesn’t need to memorise John’s breathing pattern because that is tucked neatly away in his room as well but Sherlock watches just in case, because a moments worth of data is better than none at all.
Inside, he meets Molly Hooper, a girl not that much older than him who's lived in Shoshone for most of her life and who knows the park better than anyone.
Molly nods as though it's terribly exciting and leads him out through the back and into a store room that smells like mud, damp and old sweat. "He's been coming here since he was nineteen; he did a degree in fire prevention or something like that." She says and begins pulling things out of boxes and placing them on a small, foldable table in the center of the room. "He knows a lot about the fires. He can look at them and know what caused them and where they're heading better than anyone." And John admits to himself that, that does seem quite impressive. Anyway, it'll be better than knowing too much about guns or how to heal someone after they’ve had their leg blown clean off. After a moment Molly stops what she's doing and smiles painfully at him. "You might not get along with him at first, but he's not too bad when you get used to him."
Not John snorts like it's obvious so Sherlock bristles and takes another long drag on the cigarette. “Don’t ask me, you were the one who called for me to be here.” Sherlock sends Not John a glare and simply earns himself raised eyebrows as he sits down in his chair. Sherlock tucks his feet underneath himself, suddenly colder than he has been in ages. He watches not John for a moment and realises all the little details that he has gotten wrong before; the slightly faded colour of his jean cuffs and the scuffs on his knuckles from one too many fights in alleys at the end of a case. Sherlock wonders how he ever managed to trick himself into believing that this John was real. “Oh don’t be like that,” The look that Not John sends him makes Sherlock’s stomach roll. “You created me. In his image. If you can’t even get that right then how the hell can you call yourself my friend?” The words are hissed and they fall onto Sherlock’s skin like paper cuts, splitting open his veins until they bury in his lungs.
“Actually, I’ve been up since about six. I’ve been catching up on what I need to know and didn’t think I needed to contact you.” He replies and places the radio next to him to continue working. In the back of his mind he remembers his typewriter in the back of his bag and promises himself he’ll get at least one page written today.
“No, no, no! Jesus, no!” Sherlock cries and John wonders if he actually thought he was being serious. “Just make sure they don’t do it again. Take their stuff.”
“What do you want me to say? The whole place is open, it’s crazy and members of the public are scattered all around it like malignant growths. You’re going to have to face more than one creepy guy around the forest, John. Better get used to it.” Sherlock says and quickly goes onto talking about how many people visit the park each year. John talks to Sherlock a lot about almost nothing, the park and its secrets and almost everything that Sherlock knows about it he tells him. He’s also told about the ranger, Lestrade, who pops down every now and again who has a raging crush on Molly and that he’ll probably see him at the next supply drop. He finds out about Mrs Hudson, a woman who had taken one look at the skinny, disproportionate boy that Sherlock had been and trained him in the art of knowing fire, and being capable of destroying it. He also finds out, from a slip of Sherlock’s tongue, that he is very gay and very proud of it. John’s cheeks flare up when Sherlock says. “Yeah of course. My parents weren’t very supportive when I told them at dinner one night that I liked having cocks shoved down my throat, but it led me here so I don’t think that it is completely terrible.” And John chokes, earning a laugh from Sherlock that makes goose bumps break out all over his arms. It’s a lot to take in but the hike back to Gladstone is long enough for him to become readily acquainted with Sherlock, although he says hardly a thing during the man’s monologue.
The Pilot echoes his instruments into the comms and John listens out for what he knows which is, in truth, very little whilst he waits to leave. The tinny radio had been turned on almost as soon as they had left the airport and it is blaring something by the Rolling Stones that he isn't particularly fond of, but it is enough to distract him from the sinking feeling that he gets as the Pilot adjusts his rank tabs.
“No, it looks like it was lost a long time ago. I’m flush with ropes and now have a camera to take pictures of the average views and my gorgeous face. Thank you, Carl Powers.”
“What do you want?” Sherlock asks, because he isn’t high and he isn’t being tortured so John being there makes no sense.
“They left their, uh, clothes here. Looks to be two girls. What if they’re naked?” John asks and Sherlock groans loudly.
But now Sherlock thinks about it, everything seems to happen in nines. They met on the twenty ninth of January, John has been living with him at Baker Street for just over nine years and Sherlock is able to name ninety things that he loves about John from the top of his head this very moment. But Sherlock won't tell John that, because that's his secret. And John's leaving to get married, anyway, so there isn't much a surprise like that can do other than garner too much sympathy and ruin their already strained friendship. Sherlock tries to delete that information from John's file but it won't leave. Not that, not that blasted woman's perfume and 32 Kensington Road, it won't leave. Sherlock tried for just over an hour the night before and when his mind palace locked the door to John's room, Sherlock went to bed and lay down with the light still on.
John smiles towards Baker Tower and watches a silhouette flash across the windows for a moment before disappearing. “Goodnight, Baker Tower.”
The space between John’s eyes creases and his face tightens as if in physical pain before he lets out a long breath and nods to the ground. “I’m going to miss you is all, being gone.” John seems to realise what he says when Sherlock flinches ever so slightly and he’s barely intelligible when he starts again. “That isn’t what I mean, Sherlock, it’s just that…”
“Then don’t be such a spoilt twat.” Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond to that because he is, indeed, a spoilt twat. When John sees this he smirks and looks back to the tracks. “You know, Sherlock, for a genius you are remarkably dim at times.” Sherlock pretends not to scoff. “I lost you once, Sherlock. If you think that I’m going to let you go again then you’re an idiot.”
“Who is it?” Sherlock asks, and John snorts until he sees his eyes. Then his smile falls and he just blinks.
Even as he’s staring into the horizon of a completely different country, the thought of home makes his chest hurt and the wonder from the day blows away, leaving him feeling strangely empty and all alone.
“Ex-lover, then?” John asks finally because that is really what he has been asking from the beginning.
“You’re good at working with people but you’re working as a fire watch who spends months at a time holed up in a tiny little tower in the middle of nowhere? Yeah,” John says as he flips over his bed. “That makes loads of sense.”
John tightens his grip on the umbrella and makes a noise. “And you remember, at your graveside, you remember when I told you that I owed you everything?” If Sherlock remembers correctly, he had said something else entirely by John clearly has a point and Sherlock doesn’t want to dance around it any longer. “Do you know why that is, Sherlock?”
“The Redbeard fire. I like it.” He sounds husky as if he’s trying to stop himself from crying. “Are you looking at the fire?”
Sherlock doesn’t know what to say and he makes a small gasping noise, staring down at John with wide eyes. John simply nods in reply and digs his hands deeper into his pockets. “Try to understand,” There goes that painful expression again. “When I lost you, it was like losing everything.” Of course, like the last three months, John doesn’t look at Sherlock when he speaks and chooses instead to watch his shoes. “Now I’ve got you back, and everything’s settled into place again. 'Cept it's all wrong.” John lets out a grunt and heaves in a deep sigh. “God, that couldn’t have been more clichéd if I had tried, could it?”
“Yeah, it fucking sucks. I’m going to have to fix the window; it’s been pretty much ruined.” John mutters and kicks at the glass on the floor. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock. Who the fuck did this?”
“Shut up.” Despite his words Sherlock sounds like he is smiling. “I’ll talk to you in the morning. Good night, John.”
Nine minutes to say goodbye, it seems. Sherlock has bid farewell to many in less, obviously, but this is John. And for the life of him, he can't work out how to summarise John Watson in nine minutes.
Not John lets out another snort so Sherlock looks down at his hands. “Of course you have, but it’s not too late, you know. You can always call me.” Not John smiles over his tea cup. “I do have a phone.” Sherlock glares at the man.
“So, what about you? I already know why you’re here, you’ve got major PTSD and can’t go back home, but you’ve barely told me anything about yourself.” Sherlock says as John’s tower slips over the hill and John lets out a laugh.
And how can Sherlock lie to John Watson? “As you know, John, I am not familiar with the fair sex or even romantic entanglement in general…” He doesn’t make it past that sentence, because John grips at his arm so tight that it hurts.
John gapes for a second before crossing his arms. “Na, course not. They had fireworks and they’d lit a campfire.” He looks back to the tower and shakes his head, trying to calm his frustration. "And in fucking fire season no less.”
“Bastard.” He mutters. “As well you know, we don’t have bears in England. I haven’t exactly got my bear call practiced.”
John laughs to himself and crosses his arms, closing his eyes against the light. “It’s going to burn for a long time.” He says.
John looks completely and utterly heartbroken. The sight makes him feel a bit ill because John hasn’t looked so broken since he fell and he doesn’t want to think about that either. He inhales deeply and just stares at Sherlock’s head, Adam’s apple bobbing up and down with every breath. “This is a mistake.”
He hates the thought of John not being there when he returns from a case; he hates the idea of someone else touching his John. His wonderful, brave, oblivious John who can’t be half as clever as Sherlock thinks he is if he can’t see the detective tearing himself apart. Or maybe he can and just chooses not to care, like Sherlock chooses not to notice if John and Mary have had intercourse after John comes back to the flat late at night. That, he thinks, is something he will definitely not miss. The absence of that will be bliss.
“You're not real.” Says Sherlock, then he braces his arms against the window, and stubs out the cigarette.
“Well, you hardly gave me a moment to…” He breaks off and stares at his tower in horror. “Sherlock, someone broke in.”
“Either there are bears out here or someone has an axe and an anger problem. You find that as disconcerting as I do?” He asks.
Sherlock barks out this sharp sort of laugh that warms John a little. “Oh yeah, it was hot and heavy. Of course, Carl Powers was twelve years old so our love could never really be understood.” It takes John a moment to understand the teasing in his voice and when he does he groans loudly.
Sherlock sighs and John imagines him leaning back, like John is, against the side of his tower whilst his feet hang over the walkway. It’s oddly peaceful to watch the fire grow; even as he knows what it will do John can’t help but stare in wonder at it. “Doesn’t mean that you can’t appreciate it.” Sherlock says and John catches the heavy meaning in his words. The fire hasn’t grown much since he had been sat here but there is no doubt in his mind that it will be huge in the next couple of days. “She doesn’t have a name yet. I usually think of something funny or something practical or a little risqué when coming up with them. But why don’t you do the honours?” Sherlock asks and John chuckles a little at his words.
John blinks and suddenly Sherlock’s noise fills with the smell of smoke and blood. John is lying on the grass, red on his skin and fire on his clothes. Sherlock is screaming for him, but he can’t hear. “Sherlock?” He barely hears it, and the words aren’t coming from John’s mouth. But it is John, he can hear John. He’s right there. The small taps at his face are what bring him out of it, of whatever that was. A memory, Sherlock supposes, of when John was in that bonfire. That was only a few months ago, yet so much has changed. “You there, Sherlock? Lost you for a moment.” John stands in front of him, and there isn’t any blood in his hair or ash on his jacket. He is safe, standing on the platform with a suitcase in his hand.
“You need to come home,” Sherlock says to John’s chair, hatred dripping from his voice. “I couldn’t care less about Mary, John, because you need to come home.” His throat tightens and Sherlock wonders if he is going to vomit, but it disappears with another drag of the cigarette.
“You’ve got a front row seat for what might be the biggest fire of the year,” Sherlock says and he sounds tired to John, though he can’t argue. He’s been exhausted, what with the hike that he had to do up to the Aspen Grove that took much too long in his opinion. “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
John really isn't surprised at this; half of the people he had worked with over the years were strangers, hermits that live in the back end of a creek surviving on crackers and cheap beer. He doubts that this Holmes will be any different. "I think I'll be fine, Molly." He says and she smiles wide enough that he pretends not to see her blush. “He can’t be that bad, can he?”
They were back at Baker Street before they realized it and both laughed as the cabbie seemed happy to be rid of them. As they entered the flat, John went to the kitchen to make tea for them and Sherlock sat on the couch. By the time John got back into the sitting room, Sherlock had leaned back on the couch, with his hands steepled underneath his chin. John smiled to himself. Between everything that they had talked about and the new case, he wasn't surprised that Sherlock needed to catalog everything. John placed the cup of tea he had made for Sherlock in front of him and then he sat next to him on the couch without touching him, as not to disturb him.
Their eyes met.  John found himself lost in Sherlock’s mysterious blue grey eyes. He could stare at them forever and never be able to clearly explain their color or the way they made him feel. Especially now as they were pouring out Sherlock’s heart. He could see the emotions that Sherlock normally kept hidden from the world. He saw love, longing, trust in those eyes. John was overwhelmed at the realization that all of those feelings were for him.
"Not like that. She's this lovely lady who runs all of the fire watchers in Shoshone; you'll probably hear her on the radio a couple of times. She's up at the main camp so you might not see her."
John glowers at the radio and feigns nonchalance with his next call. “Oh, lots of things like how to do pushups, how to read maps. And how to fire a gun.” He hisses the last words out and has to pull the radio away from his face when Sherlock barks out a laugh.
John finds Carl Power’s body three days after the Redbeard Fire starts. It’s early in the morning and they’ve just been told that the helicopters will be making rounds soon, that they need to be back at their towers but the afternoon if they want to be hauled out in time. He’s gone down into the cave where he saw that creepy guy and he notices a shoe almost immediately. It doesn’t take long to climb down the rock face and drop into an open cavern.
Sherlock nods. “I do.” John looks down at the ground, mouth tipped up at the sides, and nods to himself. There is something inside of Sherlock that forces his lips apart, and he speaks without realising it. “I kept an eye on you. Not all of the time, but once a month, if I could, I would make sure that you were alright. Sometimes I sat in the waiting room at the surgery, I watched whilst you visited my grave and a couple of times I was just across from you on the tube.” Sherlock’s face falls without him realising it. “You never noticed. But that was alright, it was better that way.”
The problem is, is that Sherlock does understand. He understands perfectly what John is trying so hard to explain because he is feeling that very sensation as they speak. The warmth in his chest when he found out that John is safe, alive and well, albeit with a newer half, and perfectly over him. Of course, it isn’t the greatest of news but beggars can’t be choosers, so Sherlock sticks with that and hopes that, if nothing else, their friendship can be salvaged. And they both work hard on it, harder than they have worked on anything before, because this has to work, there isn’t another option. And all of Sherlock’s work is to be taken apart with the exchanging of sentimental words and bands of gold, one of which is to be secured around John’s finger. Sherlock doesn’t know if he can think of anything so repulsive. It is the same feeling he encountered when John punched the superintendent back before the fall, when he stood up against Irene Adler for him. For the constant tirade against his brother. Sherlock knows the feeling because he has spent the last nine years living it. He doesn’t know if he will be able to stop, and the thought scares him slightly.
John lets out a long suffering sigh and rubs at his forehead. “Okay, you’re probably out here because no one back home can stand you.” He says, and doesn’t turn off the radio when he mutters. “Which, after this brief introduction, isn’t a big shock.”
“It won’t be long. We’ll figure everything out in our time.” Sherlock forces the words out all at once, not that he could have stopped them if he tried. Not John stills and winces, arms drawn into his chest. Sherlock’s head falls to the window with a soft thump and he lets out a shaky sigh. There is a moment where the room falls silent, and Sherlock just watches the cars outside for a while.
There is music blaring in the distance and John reaches past his embarrassment for a second to roll his eyes and remember to be angry for a moment before he rounds a bush and finds two bras and pants.
“I don’t need looking after.” Sherlock mutters, because somewhere in his brain he thinks he does. That’s why his brain suggested John, that’s why it suggested a Doctor.
Sherlock stills for a moment because none of it makes sense. John being here when he is supposed to be on the other side of London and the fact that he is here to see Sherlock. He is here to tell Sherlock that he is leaving his wife. “Why on earth would you do something like that?” Sherlock sounds more affronted than he means to, but John just rolls his eyes.
