And that familiar feeling was coming on again, Jane taking Thor’s knee, rubbing up his thigh under the cafeteria table and smiling sweetly at him. Her eyes enticed, and though she was just a simple raindrop compared to Thor’s thundering smile, she was confident by now that this could become more exciting as the days passed by.
“Not without wanting something in return.”
It made him giggle.
He knew better than to try and pick a fight. He knew that Maria hated it, and it would result in nothing but awkward silences at dinner. Sure, Tony didn’t want to go, and yeah, the project with Bruce was a lie to go and sneak out to Pepper’s room for the evening, but Tony knew better than to try and stress the situation, especially since he was at a disadvantage currently, with how Maria seemed genuinely upset about Tony’s insistence on outing from their family dinner.
What if he really was a sissy?
Thor was gay.
And honest to God, somehow Steve became the one to stare, somehow he was really beginning to take notice of Tony Stark, the way he smiled, how his eyes always seemed so wide yet characteristically laid back and squinted with interest and tease. It was his eyes that Steve wanted to explore every earthly shade with, and he knew that he'd spend hours on Tony's eyes if he were on a canvas in Steve's bedroom.
The Sun could do things to the entire world that the other elements couldn’t do for each other. The world breathed because of the Sun.
"Why the long face, Anthony? From what I've been told, you had been looking forward to this all week." Jarvis smiled, clearly referencing the week's prior drives home when he had initially heard about the sleepover and had gotten his ear talked off about it by Tony at nearly every pick-up and drop off.
But Tony knew how his father felt about the bear. He had called him a sissy boy plenty of times for Tony to know how ashamed he should feel of his dependence.
When Tony got home he entered to the sound of piano playing from the living room while their butler, Mr. Jarvis, took his bag and greeted him about his day. Howard, like usual, resided in the basement or garage whenever he got home from work, and since today was a Stark day, that’s what he was doing the moment Tony stepped inside.
It's raining
Steve assumed it had something to do with being an Extraordinary, Revolutionary and Peculiarity in human form, head to toe.
“I do,” Tony said, taking his fingers in his. Both of their hands were soft, rid of the callouses that had come from their mortal lives.
And then he also noticed the head of a stuffed animal, just right above Steve's own.
Tony’s face screwed up in confusion, concern falling away. “What, in a week?” He questioned.
Tony tightened his jaw briefly before sighing, leaning against the doorway as she moved to the fridge, standing in front of it.
“Stark.”
Thor noticed her eyes, her smile, the way she squeezed his leg and leaned over to kiss his cheek, gently saying that she needed to use the bathroom for a bit, and then the sway of her hips as she left the table, leaving Thor to stare after her, his throat drying up.
"What if Steeb doesn' wanna be friends after this because I mess up?" Tony whispered and curled further into the bag on his lap.
A week after painting Tony Stark, Steve Rogers found himself outside in the rain, sitting below an aghast sky with graphite on tan paper, attempting to sketch a hummingbird eating a worm. The air was heavy and tasted like dirt and rusting metal as it gently crashed into the tin overhead that kept Steve safe from the perspiration that gravity pulled towards the Earth.
“Because..” Steve swallowed. “You’re my family, and…. and I love you. I never stopped loving you. I love Peggy, I love the Commandos, but you made me have a purpose in the future-”
Tony looked up at the man who has shown him far more kindness and love than his father ever had, and swallowed.
It seemed only recently that the popular Junior boy was starting to take notice of him. At first, it was just tiny glances, quick looks. Nothing more. Tony looked at a lot of things anyway, because Tony liked to think-that was one thing Steve knew about him, it was that he really enjoyed thinking. For the most part, Steve wasn’t particularly sure of what exactly, but he was sure that it was something extraordinary, revolutionary, and peculiar.
“Why are you here?” Steve whispers.
“But I’m a killer.”
“Okay, I just...” Steven breathes out. “It’s strange, to have you here.”
Tony looks up to check, “No. Just blue.”
Anthony waits her out, sword at the ready.
“I shouldn’t have shot it. I shouldn’t have. What if he’s hurt?”
“I don’t know.” Bucky says, darkly, “But this changes our timeline for battle.”
“Immediate or long-term solution, fine.” Steve says, “So what do you need now?”
Silence had followed and Steve had knelt down to kiss Tony’s chest, fingertips still playing at his jaw.
He still walks in tentatively, heart kicking up when he finds the tent empty. He storms back out and is about to call out for Anthony when Happy, wringing out wet clothing, flicks his head to the pond. Steven relaxes.
Tony grabs lube … from somewhere, Steve doesn’t see where, because it’s only a few seconds before Tony’s shoving two fingers unceremoniously up his ass. Steve’s mouth gapes as his hand reaches over to clutch Tony’s ass, pulling at a cheek to give Tony better access to his hole. It’s natural to hold Tony, but it takes a few moments for Steve to connect what he’s seeing to reality.
“What are you doing this for?” Tony asks.
Steven’s mouth is gaping, almost mirroring Anthony’s jaw in their looseness, hinging open. His eyes are black, pupils blown out. His nostrils are flaring, siphoning Anthony’s scent. He looks lost, and found. Both things at once.
Steve clicks off the blow-dryer, “What?”
“What?” Steve asks, “We’re keeping count?”
“Oh, America, come here, sweetheart,” Anthony says, when America scuttles out from the side of the log.
Anthony is frozen, watching her. He’s seen people die before. He’s seen people die slowly. He’s killed someone. He’s killed Obadiah.
It’s only when Tony’s had a mug of coffee and three donuts that he realises that Steve’s trapped him.
“Starrk, I’m not playing this game with you.” Steven says.
hits, that Tony is allowing this now when he might not allow it later -- thrice.
Then, Steven tilts his head and presses forward. Anthony opens his mouth readily, and Steven licks into the warm, wet heat of him. Steven kisses Anthony slowly, languorous in exploring him. Anthony trembles under him, hand coming to clutch Steven’s neck belatedly. Steven responds by wrapping his good arm around Anthony’s waist, bringing him into his chest.
Anthony hasn’t heard a voice like that in a while, and its cadence has him unsettled for a moment, the feeling like seeing the dining chair being used for shitting.
“Beat me?” Schmidt’s eyelids rise, a simulacrum of the raised eyebrows he no longer has, “The loss of slaves doesn’t concern me. It’s the fight between the titans that I wait for.”
“You shot it at Schmidt.”
“Fucking Wakandans.” Gregory swears, pushing up with a burst of energy. His hands fumble at Anthony’s visor, but he’s clumsy, and Anthony pushes him back.
Steven pauses from rearranging the animal furs that make up his bed, “Why would we fight?”
He looks around, quickly, as they walk out, eyes half-shaded by guilt, and half-submerged in lust.
“Bucky’s asking if you want donuts. And if I’m okay.” Tony grumbles.
“That’s not fair,” Tony nudges Steve up so the boy has to make eye contact with him, “It was my turn to be nice to you.”
“It will be fine, Tony.” Steven reassures. “You will be able to choose how to handle this.”
“But you got through it, sweetie. Come on, here, look at me.” His mom lifts his head, and he gazes up at her, crying, snotty mess that he is. She looks back at him, gaze calm and warm.
“You’re not listening.” Steve says.
“Her present.” Anthony takes Steven’s hand, and draws it into the space under his furs.
“Then let me take care of you. Let yourself rest.” Tony replies, digging his hands into the meat of Steve’s shoulder. Steve’s eyes widen at the motion, mouth gasping slightly.
Steven Hrothgars of the Brooklynites is bonded to Anthony Starrk, formerly of the Manhattenites, in the stuffy air of Spring.
“Anthony!”
“It will not be the first time I have drawn him out of bloodlust.” Anthony dismisses the concern.
Mr. Stark furrows his eyebrows in that same expression Tony makes when someone isn’t tracking what he’s saying. It’s startling, like gazing at someone’s rendering of a landmark you walk past everyday. Steve can’t help but dislike seeing it.
Anthony comes in a long, prolonged moment, body arching in a shivering motion that makes Steven stutter before he continues to thrust into Anthony, drawing out his pleasure. It’s only when Anthony’s come lands on his chest that he stops, fingers swiping out to gather a bit for a taste.
It’s beautiful, Steven thinks, somewhere far back in his mind where he’s still capable of fully conscious thought, that as Steven’s knot expands, Anthony’s cock fills, hardening again under the weight of Steven’s knot.
“Fuck me, shove your knot in me, whichever description you prefer.” Anthony firms his jaw, “I will not be taken willingly. If you want me, you will have to force it.”
“If I am worthy of it, I will.” Steven replies.
“Oh,” Steven intones, “Um, how soon?”
“Figured it out yet?” Steve asks, leaning against the counter and at complete ease. Tony’s jealous.
“Will you hold me?”
“Uh, hi, Mr. Stark.” Steve says, and then starts forward when he sees Tony’s asleep. He walks over, as if entranced, finding himself standing at Tony’s bedside, opposite Mr. Stark. His hands close around Tony’s wrist, checking his heartbeat even as his eyes scour over his face. He’s less pale now but his hair is flattened from dried sweat. Steve wishes he would open his eyes.
As it is, Steven can only think of how pretty Anthony looks, cum running down his chest, body slick with sweat, eyes blown out.
“A good man.” Gregory says, “And what appeal does that have for you?”
(If he could go back -- if he were made of something more than faith, he would turn back time to this moment. There is an outcome waiting at the end of this line that will prickle at him for many years.)
“You’re up for the best boyfriend of all time with this.” Tony says from where he’s seated on the grass, “Though I’m not sure if it’s you or Cap who should win since you’re using the shield.”
They had first met in the gaping, thirsty maw of battle.
Steve’s got a robe on when he comes back, and Tony still has his head down.
Anthony smiles, as if he can read Steven’s mind. He finishes putting on the salve and then goes to wash his hands.
Steven focuses on Anthony’s pleasure as the omega starts writhing on him, consciously pushing down to meet Steven’s cock. He plays with Anthony’s nipples until they pebble, redden in a colour they only seem to get in heat. He licks and kisses Anthony’s body. He pulls at the omega’s cock with quick, rubbing strokes on his head.
“Phase 3,” Clint whispers, “Damn, we’re right on time.”
“How can you say that?” Anthony’s breathless, “No one believes that.”
“I am not, and I will not.” Anthony speaks into Steven’s chest, “I told you, I chose to do it.”
The fact that Steven is approaching him now, based on a comment half-hopingly thrown out by Anthony one evening – it’s a gift.
Soon, there is silence.
“You’re leaving?” Steve asks, surprised despite himself.
He goes through the plan, not because they need reminding, but because his brain needs something to ready against.
“He told me not to let you in.” Bucky continues, “Half out of his mind, and that’s what he tells me before telling me to guard the door and wait. You don’t think he’s got a reason for that?”
Steve had not ever figured out how to describe the magnificent beauty that he had seen, hadn’t dared sketch it out of fear that he would sully it. He had simply stared until he remembered to leave. It had been the most difficult thing to look away, once it had gotten its jaws on you.
Anthony can’t help but blow a kiss back.
“Bucky, where is he?” Tony repeats, arms crossing. He feels the gauntlet unravel from his arm and sink into his skin, the click of a key turning.
The drawing was something Anthony had learned of in bits and pieces. It is an instinct incongruous to Steven’s warlord reputation; a part of his childhood that stubbornly held onto the Alpha’s heart even through the deepest tragedies. He reaches for chalk when he’s safe, when the beauty around him is true enough that he forgets who he is.
Anthony’s lips form a little moue, eyebrows furrowed. It is an endearing look on him, and Steven raises his hand to rub at the space between the omega’s eyebrows. Anthony permits the touch with a soft sigh.
“You again.” Steve had startled, tears still fresh on his cheeks.
“I think maybe we are in the same boat here.” Thor says finally, words carefully weighed out. “And I was hoping, that perhaps, you have understood something I can’t.”
“I didn’t ask for this.” Anthony asked.
“Oh, sweetie, I know. Come here.” His mom’s lavender scent fills his senses and it makes him cry harder, the mess inside him bursting out. He’s hugging her harder than he should, can feel the outline of her bones, but she’s kissing his head, and she’d let him know if it was painful, so he forgets it and holds her close.
“Okay,” Steve takes a deep breath, “Do you have a shovel?”
Around him, Hydra is burning.
“I still scared you.” Steven says, hollow.
“Fuck.” Bucky drawls, angry and nasal. “Fucking
“Don’t try and fool me,
Steven waits.
“You don’t want that.”
“Maybe we can speak on this tonight?” Anthony suggests.
“No, Steve,” Anthony patters forward, “That is not – you have not broken anything.”
There had been more missions in the past month than they were used to, since the Mandarin had launched an aggressive attack against Iron Man, and by extension, the Avengers. While Peggy had strategised and protected them from the media campaign, they weren’t able to avoid, and frankly hadn’t wanted to avoid, the attacks that had kicked off in China.
Steve waits on the precipice of something. The sky is fighting itself but Thor is nowhere to be seen.
“What?” Bucky blinks rapidly, “Oh hey, shit.”
The pack is curious too, drawing near Gregory’s makeshift prison to try and get a glimpse at the infamous Carver. But Thor draws them to the fire with loud wit and charm, has them laughing gregariously over a retelling of his performance at the castle. The especially curious ones – mostly soldiers who’ve fought the past few months against the Carver’s men – linger but Steven has them leave with a few glancing looks.
“Thank you.” Anthony should not be blushing.
Steve turns to Tony, heart in his throat.
“You were in a rage.” Anthony says, “And you stopped before you could hurt me, truly.”
Steve shakes his head a little helplessly.
“Mrgh.” Steve says, “You’re hot.”
“I know, I know, I’m sorry.” Steven says, only slightly sheepish.
“Steve!” Anthony calls out. His voice comes out hoarse and weak.
“Tony – Tony?” Steve strides forward, eyes snapping around. “Tony, where are --?”
Tony lowers his gaze to Steve’s hands, grasps one in his, traces at the colour on the knuckles.
“It was – it was bothering me.” Tony says, looking a little lost, “Like the lyrics to a song.”
do have a choice.” Tony snorts, pulling Steve back into the moment.
“Whose?”
“That early?” Steven is surprised.
He’s closed his eyes again, so he doesn’t realise that Tony’s sinking down on him until he
“Mom?” He rasps out, voice dry.
“You impress me.” Steven insists, “You’ve always impressed me, just being who
“Steven?”
It’s stuffy spring.
Tony doesn’t even wince at the change in topic, “Yes.”
“Hmm, how about we go rally the troops, and then we find a quiet corner, alright?”
Steve laughs, pressing a kiss to Tony’s cheek.
“Anthony.” Steven states.
“Forget fair.” Steve says, “Besides, you think I was with you tonight just to be nice?”
Steven still moves slow, but Anthony can barely keep up, feels like his nerves are alight, feels so much that he knows it’s bleeding out, through his eyes, out of his mouth, onto Steven.
“The hole Bruce, uh, HULK made in the field, I wanna fill it.” Tony explains.
“Wasted.” Steven spits.
Anthony smiles, leaning forward to brush a kiss at the Alpha’s bond.
“Please.” Anthony says, looking up, “Tell me what to do.”
want to be better.” Anthony shakes his head, “That doesn’t make any sense.”
Steven grows bolder after a few minutes of kissing, the difference as marked as sleep and life as he turns Anthony over and onto the ground. He’s quick to assume power over Anthony, his hands moving quickly over his torso as he kisses; wet, teasing touches that have Anthony arching to meet him midway.
“Kind of, yeah,” Steve grins, before adding, “But he’s also my boyfriend’s dad. I don’t want Tony to be, I don’t know, in an awkward position.”
“I heard Carter over the comms. I figured – I figured this happened. So I came.”
Time blurs a little, Anthony feeling himself sink into a stupor, into Steven’s arms. He doesn’t feel like thinking, his mind satisfied enough that it sits back, lets sensation take him somewhere low and safe.
Bucky: all done here [Sent 10:12 PM]
“Open to the possibility of a relationship of equal standing.” Anthony says.
“You and I are not so different.” Tony had appeared behind him.
Anthony smiles sweetly. “I know that, Steve.”
“Well, I’d best leave you and the goose to your evening.” Bucky announces, loud and provocative, as he leaves.
“I don’t regret it.” Anthony says, defiantly.
“I mean – everyone knew. Bucky teased me, in front of you, Nat too, in her own way, and Peggy – she called me to her office just to talk about the protocol on intra-team relationships. I thought you --” Steve breaks off at Tony’s increasing confusion.
Anthony hands him an unused cloth from his pocket, and Bucky grunts his thanks as he brings it to his mouth.
“Who are you?”
“I’m starting to feel like a mortal again.”
“Omega, you are the Carver’s brother, is this not true?” Steven repeats, voice more Alpha than human.
They fall into silence for a few minutes as Thor tests the give of the armour, stretching forward and trying striking variations. Anthony crosses his arms as he watches for any awkwardness.
“You do not know anything about us, and our relationship is none of your business.”
how Steven’s strength fed his soldiers, Alphas, Betas and Omegas straightening and grinning in anticipation of the battle.
“I make you want to be better.” Anthony repeats dumbly. It doesn’t make sense.
“Well, you kissed back and we’re here now, so obviously it was a good call.” Steve replies.
“Okay, Winter, you win.” Anthony says, “We’ll keep this dummy.”
Hydra rustles, and finally, two hours after standing off, the barbican’s gate pulls up.
As Steven turns to face the omega, he can’t help but think, somewhat derisively, that a pack that would sell their son for peace is no pack worth emulating. Anthony must see this in his expression for his eyes shift downwards in a calculated attempt at demureness. It surprises Steven enough that he blinks to Starrk.
“No, you don’t.” Anthony says, quiet and firm.
“Oh. What are you doing here?
“We need to get Steven.” Anthony replies.
Steven flinches, pulling away. Anthony follows him with shushing noises, eventually scrambling onto Steven’s lap to keep him pinned.
“It’s okay, we’ll figure it out.” Steve whispers into Tony’s hair, kissing him.
“He’s fine, Anthony.”
“You will earn it?” Anthony’s gaze darkens, “And you are so sure of this?”
“Fuck off,
“Don’t pretend.” Tony had smiled then, the curling of his lips so very much like Steve’s fingers, turned inwards. Steve only realised then that the man wasn’t a mortal.
“War’s not done, Steve.”
“Jammed,” Bucky finally whispers, “We gotta kick it in.”
Natasha’s hand reaches out to grasp Tony’s, the hand Steve’s not holding, and she squeezes  it before moving back. Tony exhales, quietly.
The Avengers that surround Steven look to him now, eager for blood. It’s not unlike Schmidt’s people, Anthony realises, finally placing that unsettling unfamiliarity. The gaze of warriors looking to the Alpha for permission to release the beast inside.
He then leans up and kisses Steve, open-mouthed and deep. Steve inhales in surprise before his hands come to Tony’s back, returning the kiss. Tony smiles as Steve’s kisses grow bolder, stronger. Steve pinches his waist in retaliation and sits up, the motion pulling them apart.
“Please.” Steven calls back, removing his scalemail.
Steve needs a moment to clear his head, “I need clothes.”
“Hey!” Tony says, and Steve yawns into his face, laughing harder when Tony can’t help but yawn back. “Cheater!”
“Just a minute.” Steve replies.
“There may have been a few conversations with Natasha,” Anthony sighs, “She’s terrifyingly persistent.”
Anthony’s fists tighten in reflex as he takes in the scene. Bucky’s stance is relaxed, angled slightly to his right. He’s tired too, sweat matting his long hair, but not nearly as much as Anthony. His grey eyes, watching Anthony, are alert and calm.
Steve shifts back, “Since when?”
“What?”
“Alright, alright,” His mom smooths over his head, resting her hand on his neck, and Steve feels tears slip out, shuddering sobs that sound ugly in the quiet of the infirmary. “Let’s not think about that, huh? Nothing is set in stone yet.”
“It’s – um,” Tony rubs his eye furiously for a moment before Steve’s mom reaches over and stills the motion, “Oh, thanks Sarah.”
“So you’re saying, we’ll do it together?” Tony says softly, a quiet smile of amusement. He looks beautiful in that moment, bright and vibrant and so full of life that Steve can’t help but lean forward and kiss him.
Anthony snorts, an abrupt, ugly sound he immediately reddens after. It delights Steven so truly that he can not help but give the omega a smacking kiss that deepens when Anthony pulls him forward. They lose themselves, for a little bit.
“You lost someone.” Tony gestures to the stone on the ground.
“And that’s what’s getting you upset? Not that Mr. Stark is also on the board?”
Starrk hands Steven a knife, leatherbound and strong, to fulfill the rite. The Alpha must go first. Steven takes Anthony’s hand, slices a clean line across the palm.
“Really?” He hears Bruce drawl, but Steven’s already flipping Anthony around.
Tony beckons him close, eyes still closed. Steve’s eyes widen, and he quickly sits, and then lays onto the bed. Tony moves to give him space, but Steve makes a small, protesting noise and Tony halts.
“Maybe, maybe when we bonded.” Anthony admits, “But I had three escape plans within the first month. I could have definitely left.”
“I am...” Steven swallows, “Not well.”
“Mean.” Tony sticks out his tongue at Natasha, who very maturely sticks her tongue right back.
“No,” Tony says, “But you were really good to me tonight. It’s only fair --”
Tony breaks off, shaking his head. Steve watches him, still panicked and on-edge. More prey than predator now.
“You asked me for it.” Steven says, simply.
The gold cannonball, shot through their gate, forgotten by Hydra soldiers who circle around it like a misplaced stone, breaks open. Like a boil, it pulls apart, and their men and women burst forth with bloodcurling screams.
“Oh my god!” Tony scoffs, “I told you -- I tripped and knocked my nose, it wasn’t your fault!”
Tony turns, meeting Steve’s gaze for a moment before looking away. He pushes Steve back with a hand against his chest. It warms him, even now, and Tony’s not a healer, but he’s always been able to fix Steve up.
“What?” Tony mumbles, still half-asleep.
Anthony moves above them, low and quick through the corridors. There’s barely anyone here but his eyes keep darting around nervously. His mind relays the path he has to take, a voice suspiciously similar to Natasha’s giving him directions.
“I have so much darkness, reserved for Schmidt.” Steven continues, “And I thought with his death, I could leave it behind. But he is back, and it pulses in my heart, strong and twisted and leaking.”
“Yeah, I guess I would.” He responds mildly. Pointedly, he flips his hand in a neat move that intertwines his fingers with Tony’s. Mr. Stark’s -- Howard’s eyes flick over the gesture.
“Take off yours, too.” Tony grips Steve’s jaw, halting it in its journey downwards.
“How?” Tony mumbles.
“Killing it.”
Schmidt stands on the barbican, half of his body set on fire. His face is melting, burning into nothingness.
Anthony rests his forehead on Steven’s chest, and Steven’s eyes widen, stupefied gaze meeting Bucky’s.
metal is that?”
“We both know it is not as easy as that.”
(...)
Tony removes his hands, revealing red, teary eyes. “You’re so arrogant. Do you know? You’re the most arrogant person I know.”
“So there
Tony gives him a blank stare.
“I --” Steven starts, and then stills, jaw clenching as he forces his body to a stop. He looks askance for a moment, childlike, his eyes moving from Anthony to behind him, where Bucky still stands.
“Steven.”
The Alpha in question looks the very picture of a warrior, like something out of the fairytales Jarvis would tell. His hair is dirtied with mud, and his shield hangs on his arm, as casual as an explosive. His gaze, where it rises to meet Schmidt’s, is defiant and burning.
“Yes,” Steven says, “Haven’t I made it obvious?”
Sam’s letter is quite sparse. It is harvest season, so he’s likely busy and only sent the note as an afterthought. This is all good news.
He goes through every piece of furniture in the room in a similar manner; picks them apart, tears them open, looks through pillows and light fixtures. His breath slows, body thrumming still. It’s about four minutes in that he stops, stands in the wreckage of the room, and comes to terms with the fact that there’s nothing here.
“No electronic devices.” His mom repeated.
“I must say, Captain, your dinner plate gets the job done.” Thor yells down. Loki looks as if he is contemplating kicking Thor off the parapet.
“Parker. Shuri.” Anthony calls.
“Perhaps it is possible we are not infallible.” Anthony adds wryly.
Steven breaks away, just a little, wild eyes on Anthony.
“You know the plan as well as I do.” Anthony says.
He takes Tony’s head, and leads him down the length of him. Tony widens his jaw, and then puckers his lips so that Steve’s got a tight, hot channel to fuck into. It’s so easy, so natural for Tony, and the picture of it blooms through Steve, makes pre-come drip down the side of his cockhead. He’s already close, and it’s only been a few moments.
“Thanks.” Tony says.
“Hm, the snark made a bloody mark on you, though.” Steven raises his eyebrows at Bucky’s nose.
“Make yourself useful.” Steven suggests.
“What?” Steve asks, glancing helplessly for a moment before taking out his phone. The screen opens up, and he sees a notification for texts sent from Bucky.
“So I guess our strategy is to ignore it until it happens?” Anthony mumbles, stepping back to check the fit of the armour. “How’s that feel?”
He unsheathes his sword in the moment after, crouching into a fighter’s stance.
Thor’s a walking dichotomy. Anthony had never met an Alpha who wielded power so easily as Thor, and yet seemed to choose, constantly, without deliberation, to be gentle. He had terrified Anthony after the bonding ceremony, coming up to Steven with a bloody deer in his arms, a
“You and your sprinkles.” Tony smiles, and Steve grabs a kiss from Tony’s lips before the boy can react. Tony gasps.
Anthony moves in a quick flurry, removing his goggles.
Anthony can feel himself hardening, can feel his hole clenching and unclenching, wetness pooling almost too quickly under his tunic. He’s not exactly comfortable on the ground, and shifts his back to rest on the rocky surface.
“Lucky bastards.” Bucky snarks, quietly. Steven agrees.
“But I’m the winner.” Tony replies, and even to his ears, it sounds petulant.
“But there is something I must also ask of you.” Anthony continues, “Between us, I request that you call me Tony.”
“Gold in my eyes?” Anthony smirks, “Are you flirting with me, Captain?”
“Tony.” Steven rasps.
“What is it you want?” Steven asks.
“Oh wow,” Tony raises his eyebrows in mimicry, “It’s like I’m too deprived of something to be a nice person.”
But in those early days, even the tiniest glimpse of humanity, weird and goofy, had been a blessing.
“Okay,” Anthony says, “Alpha.”
“Ha,” Tony grins, leaning back to cup Steve’s face, “Serves you right.”
She runs at him, and he’s almost intimidated by her hardiness, to go straight into a sword. He thrusts forward, and she brings her dagger up, knocks his hand down with a speedy gesture that leaves him clenching his wrist, the sword fallen. She picks up the sword before Anthony can react, thrusts it back at him. He barely avoids the strike, steps low and forward, kicks her side viciously.
Steven keeps talking above him, words lost to Anthony’s ears but tone coming through, halting and hushed. His knuckles, when Anthony opens his eyes to check, are white with how strongly they clench the furs.
“Perhaps not consciously.” Steven concedes, “But you know how it affects me, and you use it only when you think I pose a danger.”
Anthony’s smile twists at that. “I wasn’t trying to manipulate you.”
“There won’t be an emotional moment.” Steven cuts in viciously.
Steve shuffles closer, wraps his arms around Tony’s waist. A shiver of hope makes itself known when Tony allows the motion, leaning ever so slightly into Steve’s arms.
“That’s a real nice sentiment.” Tony says, raising his eyebrows. He takes a sip from the coffee, and reaches for the chocolate donut that Steve had on his plate, half-eaten. It’s a mark of Steve’s pity for him that he doesn’t make a fuss about it.
Anthony peels Gregory’s helmet apart, and fractions of Gregory’s angry, twisted expression burst through. The deep red of the cuts marring his face are striking against the healthy glow of his face. Gregory reaches up again, and Anthony strikes at the joint in his shoulder, slashing it down.
“It’s a fucking Hydra.” Bucky had grumbled, rolling his eyes at the sight. “How clever.”
Steven scrunches his face, and grips Anthony’s shoulder, “You will not condescend --”
“Okay, okay,” Steve flashes a quick grin, “Counter-counter proposal, we go out for donuts and coffee.”
“Hydra have wreaked havoc on the world for too long.” Steven says, “And, there was a time I didn’t know of them, didn't know who was the cause of all that pain in my childhood. Now that I do, I can not look away. Some days, I wish I could.”
“But you don’t want me anymore.” Steve states, dully. The anger has fallen to slumber again. The memory of what it turns him into like a snake rattler scaring the beast mute.
Tony withdraws his fingers slowly, and Steve sucks on them, lavishing at each moment the joints and knuckles that make up Tony’s hand. Bite marks, faintly imprinted, remain as Tony slips free.
Anthony knows something is deeply wrong from the moment Steven enters the camp.
He moves through the hallways without quite tracking the corners, his mind seeming to run ahead, keeping him in pursuit.
“That is not my call-name!” Anthony protests. “You keep saying it, and it’ll stick.”
“Oh, but you’re wrong, good Captain,” Gregory replies, “It is very much my business.”
The barracks are a true jail, steel bars running down from the ceiling. There are four visible prisoners, three rough-faced men and a slip of a woman. No sign of Anthony. The guard is, in a stroke of sheer luck, faced away from them. Bucky flips the crossbow and knocks the man out.
.” Tony says, lips forming the word like a curse, “It’s never been about wanting. It’s about how our world works. Our continued
Despite himself, Tony bristles at Steve’s easy calm.
Steve can’t see Tony’s hole, but he can see the movement of Tony’s fingers, in and out, this way and that. He’s almost rapturous as he watches, kissing Tony’s hip as he lets himself be blatant in his fixation.
He grips Tony’s waist, and pulls the man onto his lap, leaning back against the table as Tony adjusts himself in the hold. Steve rifles through a box for a rag but eventually ends up using his robe to rub the come off Tony's face.
“The gold suits you.” Steven says now.
“Bucky.”
Gregory also doesn’t seem surprised, neatly leans back with an empty grin at their arrival. His eyes when they skate over Steven and Bucky, are that of a vulture’s, catching sight of a carcass.
“Who I am,” Steven says, “Is someone who decided, one day, that he would purge this world of Hydra and has spent the eight years since then, fulfilling that promise at every expense. I have killed, tortured, lied, cheated.”
“Am I wrong?”
Steven laughs, a quiet, bitter bark of a sound, “How much of my life will this monster take?”
“Are you going to fuck me at any point?” Tony asks, grinning into the kiss. Steve laughs, kissing him one more time before pulling away.
Steve rests a hand on Tony’s cheek, stroking upwards before unceremoniously thwacking his face, “We don’t have to make it a thing.”
“You know, ever since you’ve gotten the serum, you’ve been a real pain in the ass.” Tony snarks.
“I know you heard me.” Tony says, flopping on to his stomach.
“You think you are a match for him?” Gregory’s eyes remain on the table and the pieces, “Do you know what you have, in company?”
“What?” Anthony asks, “Steven.”
The interior of the military tent is a mess, broken figures and wood, everything dented with the familiar markings of the shield. Only the map, information collected and rendered over many months, remains untouched. Steven sits in the corner, by the remains of a broken stool, head clutched in his hands. His shield lies plainly by his side.
“Why, are you vying for the spot as his omega?” Anthony says.
Steven drags Stane by the bulge of his neck, taking the rocky, jutting path to where Anthony is watching. His omega’s eyes track Steven’s movements even as his hands shake in stilted, slight moments.
He covers the distance in what feels like moments, coming to a flashy stop in front of Steven.
Steve sighs, pushes himself up, and on unsteady feet, carries Tony to the room. It’s an unremarkable bed, made for one, and Steve lays him out on the mattress carefully. Tony’s eyes stay closed. Steve takes in the sight, the stretch of Tony. Sated. Safe. So endearingly sweet.
“He certainly does.” Thor agrees.
“Aw, shit,” Tony says, “Okay, let’s go shower.”
“What?” Anthony asks, confusion smearing his expression.
“I want to fill the pit.” He says, turning to Steve with excitement.
He mirrors the streaks on the other side, and quickly cleans his fingers on a cloth. Then, he dips into the white paint, painting under the blue on both sides. At the red paint, he stops, thinking.
Anthony takes the knife and returns the favour.
After a minute, Anthony knocks a foot at Steven’s ass in a silent gesture to continue.
“Ugh.” Clint pouts, “I miss when you never talked.”
She pouts upon realising that Anthony isn’t going to play.
Steve immediately turns to draw him onto his chest. Tony comes willingly, and rests his head at Steve’s collarbones. Steve puts his arms around his back, keeping him in place. Another mark of their well-oiled routine.
“Steve,” Tony says through a tight throat, “Steve.”
“He’ll be fine.”
“For what it’s worth, you feel better?” Steve’s almost sheepish as he asks.
“It’s how you appear.” Steven replies, after a moment, slow and attentive.
“You ask me this now?” Anthony growls, “
“I don’t need comforting.” Steven says.
“And it is rather startling,” Anthony says, “But I confess I have come to like it.”
“You have less armour than both Steven and Natasha.” Anthony says, “This is the minimum I can pare it down to.”
“Let go, or else I’ll get the armour out.” Tony says, trying to yank his arm out of Bucky’s grip. Bucky holds firm, and pulls him far enough that the gym door is no longer in Tony’s line of sight.
Steve turns to see Tony grimacing, his eyes fluttering awake. Steve drops the burger on the table, and runs over, his hand immediately reaching to grasp Tony’s hand.
Steven pulls away from Anthony, and is gratified when Anthony follows his lips with a dazed expression.
The goose dawdles forward before slipping over a bit of ribbon. He honks loudly as he falls. Anthony sputters out a laugh, tossing a hand over his mouth in an attempt to hold it in. Steven kisses him, wetly, on the hand over his mouth.
“It is personal for all of us now.” Steven narrows his eyes, “Do you think it would be impersonal for me?”
“Ha,” Steve huffs.
He puts down a box on the bed, and opens it to reveal donuts. He picks up a glazed donut, and closes it.
“He’s worried. He said he didn't – look it doesn’t even matter. I can help him, and he’s gonna hurt himself the longer he’s in that state. You know, we’ve both seen it.” Tony pleads, "You can't say you'll stand by and let that happen."
“Alright, Omega, your death.”
Steve raises his forehead from Tony’s. His brown eyes track over Steve’s face.
“You’re going to give me a complex if you keep using that to manipulate my emotions.” Steven remarks.
“I do not know.” Steven says, honestly, “But I suppose I will earn it.”
“Three escape plans? Really?”
Mr. Stark’s snort pulls him out of the memory, “There’s always another way.”
Bucky trails off, gaze troubled.
“Are my eyes still red?” Steve asks, after a few minutes of content silence.
“Okay," Bucky drawls out from the doorway, "We’re good, here?”
“Tony!” Bucky’s use of his shortname – solely reserved for Steven’s lips these days – quietens Anthony.
“But you were in the line of – are you hurt?” Anthony’s hands shake over Steven’s armour, trying to find a sign of blood or rupture.
“My boy,” Stane drawls, “I had not thought we would meet again.”
He knows Steven isn’t as composed as he appears, had seen it this morning when he’d sank down on Steven’s cock, the dull grey of the morning bringing the Alpha’s drawn gaze into sharp relief.
“Yes.” Anthony says, voice coming out overtly pleased, even to him.
“I’m not saying it was wrong.” Bucky’s eyes squint, “Just pointing out that you’ve got a favourite tactic.”
Anthony finally pushes Gregory onto the floor, whips his head to the side with the force of his armoured glove.
This is what Steve thinks of, alone, at night, after he’s killed and been killed in return. Tony bent over him, eyes barely open, mouth a tortured, pouty twist, red on his cheeks and chest, sweat a glossy cover across his skin, a tremor in his body as he pulls himself open, carving out space for Steve to occupy.
“I think I’ll do that. But, more subtle.” Bucky reaches for his phone, before remembering it’s turned off, “Tones, help me compose the message.”
“I only hear it in a negative context.” Steven shrugs.
“Let me,” Steven swallows, “Let me. Please, Tony.
He watches Steve meander forward, a warrior at ease. His gaze is warm, a distinct contentedness in the curl of his eyes that sings a clear tune to Anthony. It seems a lifetime ago that the Alpha had seemed like unmarked stone, inscrutable and plain.
Happy receives the signal, pulling the catapult into place. The cannonball, a larger, metal device that had taken ages to configure, shoots into the air. It gleams in the sky, a golden colour that had been painted days prior. It travels through the air, soldiers screaming.
“Keep going.” Anthony urges, taking Steven into his mouth again. Steven swallows, a hard motion. His hands remain curled into the furs, ordered by Anthony to stay there.
“Rest.”
“No, hold on, Tony,” Steve grabs Tony’s hands, “Give me a second, alright.”
to have his time. If Anthony didn’t know it to be bone-deep sincere, he would find it a comedic farce.
“If it’s a virus, surely there’s a way to cure him?” Steve asks.
“Your face is already grimy,” Steve flicks his temple, “You’ve got dirt on it.”
Steven hums in question.
“You sure?” Bucky presses, and then when Tony goes quiet, shakes his shoulder lightly, “Tony, are you sure?”
“You’re his latest avatar.” Tony had stated.
.” Bucky drawls out as he leaves, picking up the longswords he’d had Anthony work with earlier in the session.
“Hello boys.” His voice is stripped, nothing to glean.
“I am much nicer to you than you deserve, most of the time.” Bucky replies, dryly. “And if you’re capable of insulting me, you’re not too far gone.”
“Extremis is a variation of the super serum, from what I gathered in the Mandarin’s stupid monologue. But it’s a code, so I managed to figure out what was going on and I – oh, shit.” Tony breaks off, clutching his head.
“That was beautiful.” Steven shakes his head. “You were beautiful.”
“Alright then, let’s get it going.”
He turns his gaze to the gate. He’d had to rely on hearsay for a layout of the castle, maids and guards that Natasha had scouted out in a frenzy. Based on that, they’d made an educated guess that Anthony was being kept in the West wing, in the barracks with the prisoners. Steven works through the route in his head again. It’s either that or think of Anthony, and that’ll lead him to spiral into thinking of what’s happened to him, whether he’s hurt, whether he’s –
“How are you?” Steven asks, “Between us.”
“Yeah, I do. I mean it’s still gonna be an issue to deal with, tomorrow, or in the future, but --” Tony swallows, “Thank you.”
“No,” Steven says, “As I said you when you first asked, it is your right to attend and contribute to such meetings, as my omega.”
“I’m level.”
But there is something to the sharpness in the omega’s increasingly quicksmiling eyes that intrigues him.
“I can be what you need.” Steve says, “I could be anything you want.”
Agent Sousa had come by on behalf of Peggy and said they were organising some scientist, Kennedy, to come by. Bruce had texted the group chat, saying he was feeling rough but to text him when Tony woke up. Natasha and Bucky were stuck with clean-up, according to Natasha’s quick call.
“You make me,” Steven’s eyes dart away for a moment before returning, belligerently almost, to Anthony’s, “You make me want a future.”
“Spider monkey?” Parker pants.
“Well, if Thor hadn’t knocked out Schmidt, we wouldn’t have defeated Hydra before Spring. I reckon he gets a fair amount of credit.” Steven says.
(...)
The words run out, and Steven is horrified in their wake.
Tony waits, flexing his hands in Steve’s warm grip.
“Steve, you will not blame yourself for this.” Anthony says, helpless.
“I asked you first.”
Anthony walks forward, and Steven inhales sharply. When he looks up, his face is streaked with tears.
“Stop following me around.” Tony snarls.
“You and everyone, I suppose.” Anthony says, gnawing his lip, “With the exception of Gregory, apparently.”
Thor leads the attack, and he is a titan with armour, a god come down from Heaven, hammer by his side like an extension of his arm, war-paint struck across his face. The Hydra soldiers take one glance at him, and scream, running away. Thor’s army takes chase, blazing through Hydra soldiers from within, and it is only moments before they take control of the inner courtyard, blocking out the men’s escape routes.
Cannonballs take out the center of the horde.
“He’s mad.” Tony says.
“I want to break his body.” Steven confesses, “Rip his limbs from his joints, one by one. Make him intimately aware of the bones in his chest. I would do a great many things to be sure of his pain, his death.”
“It was an experiment.” Steve retorts, “This is an acceptable outcome.”
“Why would that be obvious?” Tony asked.
He’s practically shaking, Tony is, as he continues riding Steve, going deeper and deeper till he’s practically abusing his hole over Steve’s cock, ragged enough that it chafes even Steve. His hand stays over his mouth, suffocating sound, and Tony’s eyes are fixed on Steve’s, watching.
“Yes.”
Steven grins back at him, draws him in to lay another kiss on his lips, sweet and lingering.
“You are asking me to trust you, again.” Anthony says.
“That’s...” Steven’s right hand brushes Anthony’s lips, puffy and swollen red as they are. “An understatement.”
“Anthony!” Bucky says, holding him back again, “Be careful. He is – understandably – very upset.”
“No.” Tony answers.
It’s when he’s halfway to sleep, Steve’s head in the nook of Tony’s neck that Tony hears it.
Anthony doesn’t know how it is he gets back up, lower body stiffened with a bizarre sting, body sore and raw. But he finds himself, wavering, on his feet. His eyes sting, the raw taste of puke still lingering in his throat.
Tony swallows, “He won’t hurt me.”
((He doesn’t know what he’d do differently though. He’s not been taught to permit that kind of self-reflection.))
“Not true,” Steve says, “Shirley’s Cafe is 24 hours now.”
The night before, he’d sat in the pit hoping for inspiration to join him, or at least for an idea that would make the pit seem like a part of the process instead of just the glaring error it actually was. Early in the morning now, 4:36AM, all he’s figured out is that it’s hard to be hopeful when sitting in a big hole in the ground. It’s fine, he reasons, his prerogative has always been actualising the future, not dissecting the past.
He’d spent the debrief with his hands curled around the flat of his chair, eyes skipping between the clock and the agenda on the whiteboard. He hadn’t ever been the type to fidget but sitting there with Peggy’s steady voice droning on in the background, he’d felt like he was going to break out of his skin.
“How would you know that?” Anthony cuts in, voice bitter.
“A bond, sold by my father. False companionship.”
Steve hears him, and his face twitches, a sneer curling his lips in an ugly expression.
“No. Steve, I’m not hurt. Look at me, nobody’s hurt. Well, in fairness, the bad guys are kinda hurt, and you’re definitely gonna get your ass kicked by Carter but --”
Anthony’s head falls forward. He can’t quite get his thoughts in order, feels an intense urge to be with Steven, even though he knows, rationally, that Bucky is right.
“Thanks, I’m taking English Literature this year.” Steve says before dumping more soil into the pit.
“Avengers assemble.” Steven says to Anthony.
“Buck,” Steve straightens even with the sudden lethargy that's taken over him, characteristic now of these -- incidents, “Gotta have a word with you.”
“That is not --” Anthony scowls, “How could it possibly be manipulation if you’re completely aware of what I’m supposedly doing?”
“Counter-proposal, go to bed and sleep.” Steve says, not reacting to Tony batting at his chest.
Anthony looks through the binocs one last time. This better be right. Please be right.
Natasha occasionally helps out, forcing Anthony into flexible and strange positions that pull at muscles he didn’t know he had. Still, despite their shared designation, she’s a deadly force with an ingrained sense for fighting that is difficult to translate onto others, and it often falls to Bucky to take Anthony through the steps.
Stane’s eyes widen, the fool not having predicted this moment.
“That isn’t how we do things here.” Steven says.
He does so in record time, sprinting back to find Bucky and Natasha back. Natasha and Bruce are sprawled on the bed adjacent to Tony’s, a game of scrabble going. Bucky and Tony are brainstorming what to do about Annie, and Steve’s mom is having a quiet conversation with Jarvis by the medicine counter.
So many soldiers, Hydra mostly, and that should be reassuring, that should be
“Have a little faith.”
“Stevie?” Bucky calls out. “Might wanna rally your troops.”
“I’m just saying we could shower first.” Steve says, “And we’re outside.”
Their army has broken off into packs, protecting each other’s backs, taking on sections of Hydra soldiers. Black litters the ground. Iron stays moving.
They make their way to the military tent, the clearing silent and absent now.
“You’re lying to me,” Anthony smiles, and Steven blinks in surprise, “But it’s fine. I’ll make you believe it.”
“Okay, okay, let’s go.” Tony soothes, as he drapes Steve’s arm over his shoulder. After a moment’s pause, he pinches Steve’s waist. Steve raises his eyebrows at him before wrinkling his nose in acquiescence.
“No,” Steven replies, and before Anthony can deflate, adds, “Because you are not my follower. I could not treat you as such.”
“Steve.” Anthony calls.
“Well, you may consider this that rare instance.” Steven says.
“I’ll tell him it was me, okay, I’ll tell him I forced you.” Tony bribes.
“Doesn’t suit me?” Steve’s hands tighten on Tony’s hands for a moment, before unclenching entirely, “You think that’s what it is? Not maybe the fact that your safety is compromised anytime you step into a room with me when I’m like – like that?”
“I – I’m sorry.” Anthony shakes his head, “That was out of line.”
“My – the stitches.” Steven’s voice is marked with slight hesitation, “You said you wanted to pull them out, when the time came.”
“Steve, I’m your friend.” Tony says, “Before any of this, that’s what we agreed. That we would be friends, no matter what. Before co-leaders, before boyfriends, before any of it, we would take care of each other. So you can’t ask me to know you’re in pain, and expect me to keep on with my life. You sure wouldn’t.”
Up close, Steve’s panting, his face and arms slickened with sweat. There’s a little blood on the cuff of his sleeve and his hands have angry purple strokes across the knuckles but they aren’t torn. His body’s vibrating again, like a coil pushed to its limit. It's not the worst he's been, under this particular circumstance.
Steve hesitates for a moment before sitting down next to Tony, straddling the desk so that he faces his side-profile, “No, I’m not.”
“I’m gonna come, again,” Steve announces.
Natasha looks up from where she’s easing Clint down on a rock. The archer is swearing loudly, bleeding from a jagged, brutal wound on his leg. She and Bucky exchange a quick flurry of looks, and she turns and walks to speak to the soldiers.
Anthony promptly wraps his lips around Steven’s head, feeling his cum spurt out, hitting the back of Anthony’s raw throat. Anthony swallows what lands on his tongue, feels Steven curse quietly above him as his body draws tighter and tighter.
“No, Steven.” Anthony’s voice cracks, “Please.”
It goes on for a while, fifteen, maybe, twenty moments through which Steven seems to loosen again, incremental and beautiful.
In this moment, Steve brings Tony’s hand to his lips, pressing a kiss there. Tony turns to look at Steve, catching him in the motion. He scrunches his nose at Steve, a cute little mixture of embarrassment and contentment. Steve smiles, and presses a kiss to Tony’s knuckles again, a promise and plea.
“You his errand boy now? Seems like a demotion.” Steven remarks, “Whaddya think?”
The canyon.
“Not like that’s stopped you before.” Tony replies, laughing when Steve pinches his waist again.
“I know that.” Steven says.
“Donuts and coffee, that was the first step. I’m thinking distraction and comfort as the theme.” Steve suggests.
“I’m going.” Tony says, pushing away from the wall.
Tony leans in and kisses him, a soft exchange. Steve smiles and pushes Tony’s hair back. He leans in for another kiss when Tony scrunches up his nose.
It is a challenge, to know how Steven sees him, to know he believes Anthony to be his equal. It is a standard to live up to, but one that Anthony can’t help but crawl towards, dogged and uncertain in equal measure. Anthony had always wished for something brighter to look to, in those high castles with their long walls and his brain cycling through his future like a well-worked wound.
While she gets back up, Anthony runs and picks up the dagger she’d thrown at him. He turns to her, clenching the dagger. His mind flicks through memories of trainings with daggers... all two of them.
Steven glares at the man, walking forward to pointedly untie Anthony. A foot before he reaches the table, he knocks against a barrier. He startles back, and looks around but there’s nothing visible. He taps his hand against the barrier, and feels Bucky come up.
Smoke rises up around him, and he can make out blurry figures around him, but can’t see anything, can’t decipher the musky fog.
“I promise.” Steven repeats, “Just a few cuts from the battle. Nothing serious.”
“I like to think it’s give and take.” Steven continues, “I radicalised him, he made me funny.”
“You’re just going to poke holes in the strategy.”
“You will be where you can do most damage.” Steven recites, faithfully.
Tony lets out an angry, hissing sound, and turns away, body shaking.
well?” Steven asks.
“Should it not be?” Steven retorts.
“I appreciate the concern.”
This is familiar, a pattern wrung out through many blowjobs until they figured out what they like best. Tony enjoys giving oral sex, and likes Steve to control him as he does it, decide when and how to use the man’s mouth. Steve likes Tony’s mouth, and likes the sight of his broad hands on Tony, the sight of Tony’s blown-out eyes and swollen lips as he devotes himself fully to the task.
“No, it’s not!” Tony replies, louder than he’d intended, and instinctively he looks around the diner. The few people there don’t seem to have noticed, though the waitress at the bar does make eye contact with Tony. Tony breaks off, and looks down at the powdered sugar and crumbs on his plate.
“Huh,” His mom squints, “Well, they didn’t confiscate my phone when I was coming through security, so I’m guessing it’s not too serious. I just turned it off. But there’s no heart monitor, no IV. Kind of surprising considering what he’s been through.”
“Oh yeah, that’s Ironman!”
“You are my omega.” Steven replies.
Steven pushes past Bucky to where the gate’s being lifted up, creaky but quieter than they’d hoped.
And Anthony. His Omega.
. Nothing like you, nor me.”
“We’re here for an omega. Brown-haired, fair. Do you know where he is?”
“We don’t operate with vengeance... that’s not – that’s not us.”
“Be safe,” Anthony says, “Steve. Be safe, be smart, and burn Hydra to the ground.”
He reaches forward and places his hands on Steve’s cheeks. Steve stills under him, and his eyes meet Tony’s, searching.
“What --” Gregory pants, “What
Tony scoffs, pushing back from the seat. “Let’s not.”
Anthony is gagged, tied to a chair, a checkered board with miniature toys on a table between him and the Carver.
“Hey,” Tony mumbles, “Hey, you’re okay, now.”
. He’d been the only one to get them a gift, and his delighted laughter at everyone’s confusion over when and where he’d got the deer had been what had uncoiled, just a twitch, of the fear that curled in Anthony.
“Shhh.” Bucky scolds, “You’ll draw their soldiers’ attention.”
“Come on, let’s go to bed, we’ll all be winners then.” Steve says, arm locking over Tony’s chest and nose nuzzling into the skin below Tony’s ear.
“No.” Bucky says, after a moment, hand leaving his nose to reveal a bloody but intact nose. “You have a hard fucking head, though.”
Steve watches quietly as Howard leaves.
“You’re a dick.” Tony blurts, “This was totally a set-up.”
Tony moans, and the sound vibrates through Steve’s body. With this position, it almost feels like he’s jerking himself off. Tony’s pleasure as his own. He’s about to voice the thought when Tony’s voice goes high and pitchy.
“Okay, hey, Steve, yeah, it’s fine. You’re okay, it’s just me and you.” Tony's rambling, relief pulling words out of his throat. The rubber band’s been cut loose.
Anthony puts up a crude gesture, smiling sloppily when he hears Bucky’s familiar amused huff.
“Why, will you take me up on it, Iron Man?” Steven retorts.
“Wash off.” Tony says, “You’re filthy.”
“Do not play dumb.” Steven snarls.
“It should.” Anthony furrows his eyebrows, “But it rarely is.”
“Stop reacting.” Bucky orders, hands loose in front of him. “Make
He realises he’s making a low, moaning sound, a noise of distress that weanes off his scent, makes him aware of the stench in the room. Sweat, and blood, and puke. He needs to move. He has a role here, and he needs to get it done.
(“It feels like I’m being moulded, just for you.” Anthony had whispered, gently.)
Anthony pants, sitting up on his elbows. Steven watches him carefully. When Anthony nods, he sighs, body visibly settling in relief.
“Broke a few rib cages. Spines, too. Maybe a couple of kneecaps.” Steve says, offhandedly.
“Gregory, I,” Anthony begins, “I could – We could be better.”
“Like hell" Steve murmurs, bringing down Tony’s hand so that his mouth is free again. Tony's eyes are dancing when they meet Steve's.
Steven’s army occupies most of the field. Black-clad bodies are strewn across the ground, some of their people too, but mostly Hydra. Above all, red soaks the scene. It is a gory sight, in the bloody heart of which Steven stands, natural as anything.
“Winter.” Steven flicks his head, “Take watch.”
“There’s a bed,” Tony says, sounding drowsy, “In the room ahead of the bathroom.”
“I did not think I would have to go through it all again.” Steven responds.
“Give me a leg up.” Steven says, instead. They both squeeze their way through the gap, getting soot and mud all over their clothes. Bucky swears as he pulls his crossbow through while Steven quickly surveys the interior. Their immediate surroundings are deserted. Bucky comes through and shakes the dirt off, pulling his black mask over his nose. Steven brushes soot off his shield, and his eyes catch on the courtyard, laden with dark sand, muddied and streaked with blood.
“We found it. That was more tiring than...than fighting the kraken.” Steve continues.
“If it were up to me,” Steven whispers, “I would cut your knot off and make you choke on it. Parade the hills with your guts as a necklace.”
been at it for a while. I need to bathe.”
“Parker, off.” Anthony gets into the seat, “Get me the binocs.”
“Perhaps our intelligence network needs bolstering.” Steven suggests, “I will have to speak to Natasha.”
“You like that, huh?” Steven catches the glint in his eyes, a small smile lifting the corners of his lips. The sight is relieving, the sun breaking through dark clouds, and Anthony can’t help but return the smile. Steven’s thumb comes up to touch the curve of it.
“Tony, stop fucking pushing -- Tony!” Bucky says, almost angry as he looks him over, “Are you even in the right space to be doing that?”
Anthony steps back, wipes the tears that slipped out. Steven doesn’t let him out of his arms though, simply holds him tighter when Anthony makes a questioning noise.
“That doesn’t matter right now.” Tony says firmly, “You’re okay, and it’s fine, and no one’s hurt.”
Now, Steven rubs his hands quickly, blowing warmth into them before drawing Anthony out of his furs, smoothing his thumbs over the curve of his hipbones. Anthony’s eyes return to Steven’s, and he smiles sweetly.
“I wouldn’t do that.”
“What?” Steve says, through a mouthful of the sandwich his mom had brought. He’d finished the coffee she’d brought for him and then also had half of hers.
There’s so much noise. Everywhere: cries, metal, injury. The battle is a mess, formations fragmented into shards, slashing at each other.
“I’m fine.” Steven kisses Anthony’s lips, “I promise.”
Bucky falters at the sight before swallowing, “Take care, dude.”
“I know.” Anthony smooths a hand over Steven’s hair, matted with sweat and grime. He’s scenting Steven, grounding him with his touch, and the Alpha is not so lost that he doesn’t know it. Still, he permits the touch with unsteady eyes.
It is pure Alpha, and if Anthony put out his tongue, he would swear that he could taste the power that flowed out of him, could
“And you, what? Want to see my ugliness?” Steven asks.
“Oh, good girl, America.” Steven smiles, detangling the letter from America’s claws.
He picks up the salve, and starts applying it liberally over Steven’s shoulder.
“But I trust you with the hardest things.” Anthony argues, “The ugly things, about me.”
Steve sits on the bed, careful not to dislodge anything. Tony doesn’t look any different, just a little pale and grimy from the mission.
is necessary for the survival of the mortals. And the two of us, together, we’re not --”
“Since when?” Tony asks.
“I wanted to tell you. I didn’t realise at first, who the Carver was. It was only when rumours of the virus became known that I recognised his handiwork.” Anthony finally looks up, and his eyes are far away, remembering, “We’re not close, see. As kids, he was a visionary, the smartest in the family, and just as heartless and vicious. When he presented, he was sent to the Western Seas for his education, and I never saw him again.”
Their soldiers are doing well but they’re overwhelmed. The Hydra soldiers are reckless, throwing themselves into danger without concern for their lives. They cut anyone who drags them down, Hydra or otherwise.
“Yes, I know Bucky Barnes.” Tony had settled down next to Steve.
“Can’t say
“Schmidt is alive.” Bucky says.
“I’ll be safe, Steven.” Anthony says, “I’m going to be protected.”
Howard Stark stands up from his place near the bed. Steve straightens in surprise.
“The texts Bucky sent.” Steve clarifies.
“You’re really leaving him in this state?” Steve asks, and then promptly regrets how it comes out low and accusatory. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to --”
“I meant your body. It’s sweaty.” Steve clarifies, the words dampened by how his hands are still resting proprietorially on Tony’s waist.
Anthony looks pensive, sitting by the pond. Steven approaches slowly, notes the moment Anthony feels him coming, the omega turning his head to watch him come nearer with dark eyes. When he’s close enough, Anthony gets up, draws Steven down onto the rock, and then smoothly sits himself on Steven’s knees. Steven wraps his arms around the omega, nuzzling the nape of Anthony’s neck, breathing in his scent and immediately lighter by the assurance of Anthony’s closeness.
Anthony smiles at the admission, a curling, slow movement that transforms his face. It is a wonderous, disarming thing to witness.
Anthony’s hands feel trapped, sweat sticking his fingers to his leather gloves, making his maneuverability awkward. He has to keep blinking, the salt from his hair a constant, irritant sting. Gregory is tiring as well. His blows have flagged in frequency, and he’s taken enough hits to his head that Extremis is unable to keep up.
“Those are all traditionally omega duties.” Anthony notes.
“I figured it was the quickest way to draw you out of your stance.”
Steve glares at him, “If there was, Tony would have figured it out. I’m telling you, there wasn’t.”
“You’re awake.” Natasha says, walking forward. “Oh, hi Sarah.”
Bruce had cackled all the way back to camp, describing the confusion and shock of the men at Thor’s sudden arrival and even more sudden departure. Anthony had laughed along, walking hand-in-hand with Steven, and speaking to the prisoners.
The Alpha lashes out, a swinging motion that is more power than grace. Anthony dives to the side in a belated response, rolling away. He crouches with an aching back; the ground is rocky here, jutting like teeth.
“I didn’t realise I was so obvious.” Steven says.
The gym door gets opened, and like an arrow his eyes meet Steve’s where he stands in the middle of the boxing ring, demolished equipment around him. His shield is nowhere in sight, but the left side of his face has a bloody smudge on it, and the sight is startling enough that Tony moves forward on instinct.
“Yes,” Anthony says, “Yes.”
Steve’s fingers had still been curled inwards from strangling, the remnants of the brute force he’d enacted on the creature still coursing through him. Energy: pure hatred. Tony’s eyes hadn’t missed it. Steve would come to learn that Tony’s eyes didn’t miss much of anything.
“What?” Steve had asked.
“Tony,” Steve sighs.
. Okay? Just, please.” Anthony begs.
“I never said there was.” Steven says carefully.
When Steven finally thrusts into him, he feels complete. Like the click of a key turning through. He doesn’t know what expression he makes in that moment, but Steven’s returning look is answer enough, awed and loving.
“No, you don’t – you don’t know that.” Anthony shakes his head.
“Are we keeping count?” Steven asks.
Anthony tries to breathe.
After a few minutes, Anthony shifts back. His nose is red, and his eyelashes darkened with wetness, but his gaze when it meets Steven’s is dignified.
“The gym --”
“Why do you attend the battle meetings?” Steven asks one night, as Anthony scrubs himself down in the corner tub.
Without quite meaning to, Tony ends up in Steve’s room after showering, snuggling under the comforter while Steve dries his hair.
“I will fight you.” Anthony announces, almost impudently.
“I am home.”
“I don’t feel it.” Tony answers belatedly, “Not the eyes. When the phone came near, it was like a bee buzzing near me. I couldn’t ignore it. But I can’t – control it. The words just came to me.”
“It would be a waste of meat if you didn’t.” Bucky counters.
“How you have so much faith in me.” Anthony explains. “It’s not something I can understand.”
“Is it not?” Steve asks.
“I’m going to come.” Steven says into Anthony’s lips. Anthony moans.
“Okay, can we sleep now?” Steve asks.
When he reaches the infirmary, he presses three fingers onto the touchscreen, hard enough that his hand shoots back in a reflex of worry, eyeing the glass for cracks. It holds, and he waits as the computer confirms and re-confirms his identity. His fingers have left prints on the glass, and he rubs them out in frustration as the computer lets him in.
“Always.” Tony says, “At least, not with you.”
Thor chortles, a real gut-laugh that his body moves with. Anthony can’t help but grin in return.
Steve is out of the door before Peggy’s dismissal has fully left her lips.
There is screaming, from their army, from the Hydra soldiers, pain and fear and exhilaration, mingling emotions that create a cacophony that hurts to hear.
“The truth is,” Steven offers, voice low. Anthony blinks back at him in surprise. “I don’t think you’ll want me if you see me for what I am.”
“Don’t you --” Steve tilts his head, “Do you ever think of me, want me, need me?”
“Oh, here he comes.” Bucky sing-songs, and Anthony’s eyes flash open.
“Alright.” Anthony whispers.
“Are we going?” Steve says, impatience and exhaustion evident in his expression. Tony and Bucky exchange a quick look, and Tony winces apologetically. Bucky’s expression clears, and he nods, gentle.
“Why?” Tony mutters.
He walks back.
are, Anthony, how do you not know?”
It’s only when they reach the stairs leading to the barracks that they hear a guard’s drawl. He exchanges a look with Bucky, and they move down the stairs, Bucky’s crossbow propped up.
“Pleased to make your acquaintance.” Steven agrees. Anthony’s deep in it now, only gets so punch-drunk on lust when he’s deeply comfortable and deeply horny. This is something Steven’s learned, after five months of sex. He gets a thrill at this version of Anthony, knows that this state is only because his omega trusts him to take care of him. It’s all Steven’s wanted.
“We broke up.”
“Oh, love.” Steven rests his head on top of Anthony’s, and a brush of a kiss passes his forehead. “It’s okay.”
“Trust me.” Bucky reassures, “It’s Steven. He finds a way.”
He takes stock of his armour, flexes his arms, and tips off the cliff.
“Did you memorise that?” Steven teases.
“It worked out, didn’t it?” Steven grumbles, “Brought him down easy. No proper footwork, that one.”
“That’s not what you said to Fury.”
“It never does get old.” Tony had said, eyes on the view.
Anthony blinks. “You will?”
“Always do.” Is her final remark before she leaves entirely. Anthony watches her descent to the frontlines, where fifty-some soldiers stand. Steven is by Bucky’s side now, and they break off their conversation when Natasha reaches them. She says something to them, head tilted innocuously, and Steven’s head turns to Anthony, meeting his gaze.
“Well,” Tony shakes his head, “Yeah? It’s not like it’s totally out of bounds for me to be in love with you? I mean, we’re dating!”
“He’s not yours.” Steven interjects, stalking forward and leaning down close enough that he can feel the smirking man’s putrid breath on his jaw.
“What?” Steve says, shifting back a little.
“You don’t know what you want.” Steven replies.
“Yes, thank you.” Steven responds, starting to walk away.
“Shouldn’t justice be impersonal?” Anthony argues, weakly.
“Sure, you need to bathe. You’re more sweat than Omega right now.”
“That’s very rich coming from you, Alpha.” Anthony says, and Steven knows the “Alpha” is purposeful, an attempt to soothe Steven’s sharp edges.
The omega meets his eyes with a smile that promises more.
They sit for a few moments, basking in the hope that lingers from their banter.
“You’re fighting for me?” Anthony croaks, throat raw, though it feels a while ago that he’d had Steven down his throat.
“Hmm.” Anthony responds, tying up the string in a neat loop.
He moves forward, and pukes onto her crotch. Her reaction is immediate. She shrieks, pulling back, too overwhelmed by disgust to hurt him, and he grabs the sword she’d put down to pull off her clothes. He swings it at her, clean and cutting. He has a moment where he recognises the arc is perfect, perfect for one aiming at --
“What is the matter here, Anthony?” Steven asks.
“Now, that’s not polite.” Gregory says, “Not nice to ignore the Alpha here.”
Clint pulls Anthony towards him and yanks him down so that they’re hidden.
(...)
“No, Anthony.” Bucky says, resolute, “He will come out.”
“What’s it like with Hephaestus?” Steve had asked, “For you?”
Anthony nods, almost curious as Steven’s hands come to his hair, pulling the strands back with simple ease. He smiles down at Anthony, a quiet, lazy thing.
“Yes.” Tony answers.
He would gladly wait, he would. But maybe that isn’t what Anthony wants now?
.” Schmidt’s mouth purses around the word like a slur, “You have always been shortsighed. All of you, but possibly the Captain.”
“Ha,” Tony says, and then, weakly, “I’m sorry.”
The use of his short-name falters Steven’s steps, and he turns questioningly.
The admission is not easily given, and Anthony wipes the tears away from Steven’s cheeks, wishing the gesture could ease his soul too. He kisses his Alpha’s cheeks, smiling softly as Steven leans into it.
Steven is looking to them when Anthony turns his head back. Anthony can’t read his expression from here, but he catches the flash of teeth as Steven’s face splits open, shield lifting upwards. The army congregates behind him, breaking into sections. Six soldiers stay behind to tend the wounded, the remainder charge ahead, howling in excitement, fully immersed in the battle.
“The image of that does make this situation a bit more acceptable.” Anthony grins.
Below, the soldiers startle at the sound, bows and swords coming up and a moment of quiet spreading in the air as they gaze upwards in confusion. Anthony looks through the gaps in the wall, spots Bucky slip away. He can’t see Steven and Natasha from here, but he knows, wherever they are, they’ll start moving.
“You are cruel.” Steven pants.
It was mortifying.
), he drifts a little.
When Steven doesn’t respond, Anthony straightens and cups his neck.
“What?” Tony’s eyes, confused and bright with frustration.
“How can you --”
“Are you well?” Steven’s voice is gentle, a magnet drawing Anthony’s gaze.
The first time Steven notices it, he thinks the omega is simply bored.
“Fuck!” Steven curses, jolting upwards.
“Don’t know, man! The big boss has dinner with him everyday, playing silly games in his room. Can’t tell you where that is, though. Got no clue, honest!”
“What the hell is this?” Steven asks.
Anthony flinches, “I wanted to --”
A ruthless machine is what he had been, coldly immortal.
“Come on, soldier-boy.” Tony says, “Let’s go to your room.”
“He feels like me,” Steve had conceded first, “Without any filter.”
“I’ll be damned.” Steven says, stupefied.
Anthony looks him over, perceptive eyes roaming his face, his shoulders, his torso.
“You dirty cheat.”
“How would we break through the gate?”
“What if I’m wrong?” Anthony says, quietly.
“Building.” Anthony says, belligerence making the word sharp.
Clint visibly exhales in relief, then nods. He takes out a red arrow from his boot, one that glistens bright as he settles it in. The arrow sprinkles red flecks of light into the air, a discordant, trilling noise spreading from them.
“We fight for our place in the sun?” Anthony suggests, tongue lolling back from Steven’s cock.
“It wasn’t your fault.” Steve says, finally.
“My phone’s in my room.” Natasha retorts, sitting cross-legged on the bed. She peers curiously at Tony, and Steve sees her eyes widen when she sees the black film. She meets Steve’s gaze, and he’s not sure what she notices but she sits straighter.
The boltshooter releases the ten-meter arrow with a ‘swish’. Anthony watches as it shoots through the air, aim clean and true, lodging into the area just above where it’s rumoured that Schmidt sleeps. It’s a tense, few moments, the arrow wedged into empty space.
The two sides are mindful of each other, not watching each other directly but aware that at any moment the pressure that simmers between them could blow open. There isn’t a weak link between them, no question of where loyalties lie, no limits to what they’ll do.
And it isn't perfect, and they're not as well as they both say, but the war is finally won, and they're still together.
(Korg had laughed his head off at the sight of the iron men and women walking out, and had nearly choked on his rabbit bone, eventually needing Thor to thump his back until he spat a bloody mass of bone and spittle out.)
“Is it so straightforward?” Anthony asks, almost accusingly.
Steven is drawing him in before he can sit properly, and Anthony finds himself on the Alpha’s lap. Steven’s hands are brands on Anthony’s head, pulling him close, mouth meeting the meat of his neck, breathing hotly over his pulse point. There are a few quiet moments spent like this, breathing each other in. Anthony brings his arms reassuringly over the breadth of Steven’s arms, watchful for any injuries.
Bucky rolls his eyes.
Tony looks down and meets Steve’s eyes.
“Do you not want me to?” Anthony retorts, cupping his hands in the water.
“Let’s go get cleaned up.” Tony says.
“Well, transfer that into righteous anger.
It’s horrific.
It has been enough time, Steven reasons – when he can no longer ignore himself circling back to their tent – enough time for Anthony to have cleaned up.
“Stop.” Steve says, red seeping into his ears.
“Not that different.”
– but all Anthony can see are bodies, humans dead and clumped together. Footprints over their faces, skulls caved in. Marks made by soldiers running over dead bodies in their attempts to escape the fire.
“Tony, would you calm down for a moment.” Bucky says, hand coming to pull Tony off his stride towards the gym.
“Okay then,” Anthony says coyly, “We’ll talk tonight.”
“I do like distraction and comfort.” Tony murmurs, leaning against his hand.
“Follow the plan.” Steven reminds.
“Not – not in any way I can say for certain.” Anthony leans back, rests his head over Steven’s shoulder. “I’m not sure I understand it.”
“Say, thank you Natasha.” Natasha calls as Steven hurriedly ushers Anthony away.
“Oh,” Anthony blinks. He continues fixing up the armour, letting the repeating motions settle him as he thinks.
“Stop.” Bucky whirls around, puts his hands on Anthony’s shoulder. “You’re in shock, okay? It’s a normal response. We were just blown out of the sky. I understand how you feel right now. But you
An Alpha who has killed and conquered. A warlord. A boy who was raised in Brooklynite, pulled apart and pushed down in their trenches. A boy who turned into man in those trenches, who stood up and fought back. Countless times. Took a shield and put it in front of his family, swore to live his life for something bigger than him. Swore to see the fight through.
"Yes,
“I wanted to tell you, but I didn’t know what to say. He’s my brother, but what do I know of him? And what could I offer you? The more I thought about it, the more confused I got.” Anthony smiles, a remorseful creature, “But you’re right. I should have told you the moment I realised. I’m sorry.”
“Anthony, would you feed America?” Steven asks, distractedly, thoughts already on how much of their recent battle he should include. Samuel is good about screening what to tell the pack, but the letter could always be spread. Probably best to be conservative on details.
“I’m good at kicking.”
Mr. Stark glances up from where he’d been frowning at Steve’s grip on Tony’s wrist. Steve swallows but doesn’t let go. Tony’s heartbeat is steady under him; acting as quiet support even now.
Tony scrunches his nose, “Um, no. But there may be one in the tools shed.”
“As many tricks in the bag, though, remember?”
“Wasn’t too hard to knock you out the first time, I’m looking forward to doing it again.”
“You can have whatever you want from me.” Anthony says, startled by the urgency in Steven’s voice.
Two cannonballs get shot, one to the right and the other to the left. They’re aimed to go over the wall, wreak havoc on the courtyard. Instead, they clang against an invisible barrier, rippling across what seems like empty space before rolling over and off the wall.
“Eat shit, Winter!” Anthony snarks. Steven hides his laugh in Anthony’s hair.
“It is a dangerous thing to believe.” Anthony asks, “For an omega. Do you understand?”
“Like what?” Anthony asks.
“Forgiven.” Anthony echoes.
(...)
Steven nods. “Clint, Nat. Get rid of the castle guards, quietlike. Lift the gates, as low as you can get and still let us through. Stay at the gates, keep suspicion low. Thor and Bruce – you’re on backup. Engage as a distraction if things go south. Cut them down, no need to be considerate. Bucky and I will infiltrate through the moat, search for him.”
“You did it, Steve.” Anthony says, smiling at the shine that makes itself known in Steven’s gaze, “You won.”
“That is because, you,
in this pack.” Steven says, “Before you knew them, liked them even, you were helping them. That is something Gregory would never think to do.”
Tony stutters, “Untouched?”
Bucky proved himself to be a relentless and observant teacher, and Anthony in turn proved to be an unreasonably quick study. They had originally worked on purely defensive maneuvers, skills reserved for the rare hypothetical instance in which Anthony didn’t have a soldier around to defend him. But after a month of Anthony’s snide remarks to Steven, and Bucky realising he was quick on his feet and quicker in his mind, they had re-aligned their aim.
Steve gasps, “Wait, I wanna, wanna do you, too.”
“I’m Tony.” He had offered Steve his name, and Steve had accepted it.
“Mhrgh.”
“Tony, what does that mean?” Steve inquires.
“Don’t know how?”
“Right.” Steven says, hands squeezing Anthony’s for a moment.
.” Steven says, leaning down to capture Anthony’s lips in a kiss. He presses Anthony into the furs as he does so, but again, curiously, there’s no force behind the action.
“Wow, insulting me when you could be kissing me.” Tony drawls.
“Did your Alpha teach you this?” She asks, “In between fucking you?”
“All that time, he didn’t physically hurt me. Didn’t touch me at all. He just – said strange things to me,” Anthony says, “Memories from our childhood, but marred. His rage towards me. Ideas of the future. Rambling monologues about genetic superiority. Designs of these bizarre, twisted machines. The things he wanted to do with them, they were...”
The cannonball shatters through the gate.
“No,” Steven says after a moment, smiling back as he leans forward, “We did.”
“No, that isn’t what I meant.” Anthony rushes out.
Anthony turns. It takes some maneuvering, and Steven goes to pull out but Anthony whines for him to stay, so he stays. Anthony rests his head on Steven’s chest, watching his face.
“I’d better win the best boyfriend of the year award for this,” Steve says, scooping up discarded clumps of grass around the pit with his shield.
Tony presses a small kiss to the tip of it, licking away the come that sticks to his lips as he rises up again. Steve’s almost embarrassed about how his cock responds to it, almost eager as it flops forward.
“Where is he? Do you know?”
“You’re a menace.” Steve says, “And my hand’s not clean, stop licking it.”
(...)
Steven is a butcher. He slices through bodies, shoves down attacks, dances through defenses. It’s almost an art form, watching him move through the pack, clean and quick and ruthless. Bucky and Natasha follow him, protection and clean-up both.
“Anthony,” Steven rumbles, and then when Anthony turns in to his chest, “Tony.”
He swipes a streak of blood on Steven’s right cheek, then his left. It’s not as clean as the blue and white paint, but the colour is vibrant, almost glowing on his pale skin.
“You say set-up, I say,” Steve scrunches his face, “Reflection? Peer review?”
Steve had been shaking with it, fraying at the ends.
Steven faces his omega, noting how his eyes skip over Steven’s bare chest before flickering back to his face. There is interest there, at least physical. But Steven isn’t naive enough to assume that amounts to much, in the imbalanced context of their bonding.
His mind begins to untangle the situation, somewhere in the corner of his consciousness that is always thinking, quietly working out possibilities, storing ideas that no one wants to hear from an Omega; complex and ready. Always ready, but never heard.
Her breath settles on his forehead, and he becomes aware, slowly, of her gaze on him.
“Just let me help you.” Tony finishes, and he feels Steve shudder, his lips pressing into Tony’s temple, an open-mouthed caress that isn’t quite a kiss but isn’t quite anything else.
“That is an actual...goose.” Bruce says.
“That’s the difference, you know.” Gregory’s eyes drift away from Anthony’s, to the blue light in the corner, “Between me and you. The single, most damning difference. Further down than our designations. You’re the optimist. And I’m the realist. And so we will never see the same world.”
Anthony turns away from the sight, walks to the four catapults. The wooden weapons were painstakingly dragged up the cliffside at night and built over five months at base camp, America flying almost daily between Anthony and Jane, a young Beta who Thor flushed at hearing the name of and who understood the complexities of Anthony’s designs with an almost intimidating ease.
Anthony’s breath catches.
“I’ll keep us ticking.” Bucky says, “You keep your head straight. For Anthony.”
“Love you.” He says, in that same tone, and then starts up again with the song, “Love you, love you, love you.”
Anthony looks at him, tears making the conflict in his eyes clearer. He makes a questioning sound when he sees the tears on Steven's own face.
your snark and belligerence implying otherwise,” Steven says lightly to ease the sting, “Have an awfully low opinion of yourself.”
The Hydra soldiers fighting Steven’s army are shaken, struck by the noise behind them, distracted. Steven presses forward, men and women brought higher by adrenaline and the euphoria of the sight of Thor’s attack. They rage through the Hydra men, bowling them over. Steven’s shield, notably splattered with blood, takes on more of that bright red, as he pushes forward.
“Alright?” He urges.
Anthony’s refitting Thor’s armour when the topic comes up.
“Do you think gods can worship other gods?” He repeats into Tony’s ear.
“Shut up.” Bucky shakes him, just a little, “We’ve got to get out of here. Best chance of survival.”
The last few months have brought many rounds of ... long, passionate love-making during which Anthony is consistently and shamelessly loud, noises that Steven draws out of him with poorly concealed delight.
“Alright.” Steven lies. There are burdens which are his to carry, and this failure to protect Anthony – his bright, mocking omega who would insist he didn’t need protection – is one he will carry as surely as his oldest failures.
“Don’t need to tell me twice.”
Starrk finishes before Steven can decide, his eyes like the dark glint of stone as he looks over Steven and his son.
“Tony.” Steve says, stupefied, “How did you know?”
“You’re full of bullshit.” Anthony says.
“At some point, yes.” Steven says, ever so gently, like the wind rustling leaves.
“Anthony.” Steven calls.
“Vibranium.” Anthony answers, not without smugness.
His face is bored but it’s a poor mask for the relief that’s clear in his eyes.
did."
Bucky turns an unimpressed look to him, “You think I mean me? Tony, if you get hurt on account of him, he’s not going to forgive himself.”
“Um.” Steve swallows, “You’ve never said that before.”
“Perhaps two weeks. Maybe shorter.” Anthony replies.
There’s conversations to be had, of course. Tony has been mapping them out in his head, exchanging thoughts in quiet moments with Bucky, knowing Steve’s likely to resist any form of real external help. The serum was perfect for him, gave him the tools he needed to fight the battles he’d always wanted to fight. It’s difficult to conceive of the ways in which it’s chipped at him, taken his humanity and scraped the edges blunt. Imperfection is not a quality Steve has the privilege of showing. It’s a secret they share, the three of them, the captain with his two moons, his lover and his brother. But it’s a burden too, and one that’s becoming visible outside of their orbit.
“I’m not playing.” Steven grits, “Tell me where he is.”
“Oh, fuck you.” Anthony whips back.
“True enough.” Steven responds.
In the centre, like a spirit summoned from the dead, sits Schmidt. Encircling him are seven Hydra agents, poised and waiting.
“You don’t know anything.” Anthony says, sure in this if nothing else. “He’s a good man.”
“You will receive a fair trial, under the laws of the Hrothgers’ tribe.” Anthony recites, “You will be granted freedom to provide your defense, you will be --”
Steven shivers, a violent ripple that moves across his body, ends with him moving back to meet Anthony’s gaze.
Anthony turns his gaze to the field, where the soldiers are now getting ready to fight. Helmets have been latched on, and the formation sharpens into an arrow. Steven’s shield rises above them, the center behind which the army arranges itself. Natasha and Bucky flank Steven at the front of the arrow, the Widow and Winter behind the Captain.
“Deprived of sleep, yeah.”
“The Pack Omega, on his knees. A natural position, wouldn’t you think?”
“It’s too selfish.” Tony shakes his head, “We’re being too selfish.”
“Can I help you?” Steve had asked.
Steven tells him this, and Anthony laughs incredulously.
He returns to the animal furs. When he feels Anthony’s gaze still pressing at him, he looks back to meet the disquieted omega’s eyes.
Steve looks away, “I don’t know what you mean.”
Tony looks up, “What?”
“And I will be there if he needs to fuck it out.” Anthony adds, and Bucky snorts before wincing at the gesture, hand moving to his face, where blood is drying.
“Good work, little goose.” Bucky rasps, “Now I’ll be needing my sword.”
“I’m fighting for you, Tony.” Steven pants out, head coming to the hollow of Anthony’s throat.
“You fell while trying to run away from me! Because I was fucked up, and you were scared, and you can’t --”
“How did that feel?” Tony gestures to the hydra.
“So what’s the problem?” Anthony splashes water onto his face.
“Tell me.” Steven asks.
“Only partly. It’s not your duty to fix this. It’s the team’s, and if this is a failure,” Steve leans forward when Tony looks away, “Tony, hey, look at me, if this is a failure, then it’s ours to bear. Not just yours.”
“Finish it, Tony.”
“And in the sharing of blood, I am become yours.” Steven recites.
“Yes,” Anthony nods, “But you did not have to do this. So I thank you.”
Steve’s eyes widen, “Uh, do you?”
“Not here.” Bucky says, looking around at the crowd that’s gathered, soldiers appearing from their tents, looking sleepily at the group, “Nat!”
Anthony drags his eyes back to the binocs, resettling his gaze onto the castle’s roof.
“Sure?” Steven may be the only Alpha who can see an Omega presenting and still keep his eyes prudely on his face.
Steven’s shield comes back to his front, and with a rallying cry, they charge.
“Run back to Schmidt!” Steven jeers, as Gregory trots back, “Go back to daddy, you fucking coward!”
“You came through okay?” Steve raises his hand to Tony’s cheek, rubs at the skin there, somehow soft and clean even after battle. It’s as impossible as the rest of him. Steve’s hand leaves dark smudges, blood and dirt on Tony.
too long.”
From the left T’Challa leads, from the right comes Clint. Thirty strong men and women on each side. Their army, tripled.
Steve turns to see Tony writing out a text on the notepad, right hand scribbling even as his left stays clasped with Steve’s. He thinks of this morning, frozen on the rocks, hearing Tony’s broken voice on the comms.
“Smoke’s on.” He says, “Dinner’s getting made.”
“I suppose.” Bucky says, dubiously, “But I will come with you, in case he needs to fight it out.”
“...Tell me what they were.”
“Bucky, I shot the gem at him.”
“It’s Extremis.” Tony says, a quiet admission. He’d noticed the interaction.
“And have you ever built anything you didn’t know would go to safe, trustworthy hands?” Steven asks.
“Guess Extremis didn’t delete that.” Anthony mumbles.
“I knew we were flirting. I didn’t realise it could be something more until – well, until it became something more.” Tony says, honestly.
(...)
“Okay?” He asks.
Anthony looks on with disdain.
There’s a tussle on the parapet, ending in a quick moment with a shadowed figure smashing a bow into the guard’s face. Clint. The other guard yelps, and brings up his sword but is pulled down abruptly. Natasha. Those were the last of the guards, Steven knows, moving forward with Bucky into the moat. He lifts his shield up over his head as they move farther in, and sees Bucky do the same with his sword.
He grips Steven’s chin, moving it forward when the Alpha doesn’t immediately meet his gaze. Steven’s mouth parts at the assured touch.
There’s a neat, twisting flip, and Anthony is on his back again, Bucky pinning him. He hisses, feet kicking messily at Bucky’s torso. Bucky swears, and his head lowers as he resettles to pull Anthony’s arms back.
The comment startles a laugh out of Steve, and he leans up to kiss Tony. Sex has always been easy between them, comfortable and safe, almost to their detriment, drawing them to each other even when they can barely look at the other. Tony is more relaxed now, at this moment, than he has been for
“Okay, you’re right.” Steve adds, “And no, you can’t record that.”
And, as if it had been heard, shots come through the clearing, booming. Loud enough for their men, huddled together in a ball of metal. A signal.
“Fuck, okay, fuck, I gathered as much.” Tony mutters, “Then let me see him? Huh? I can help him.”
“Fuck off, Bucky, no one asked you to stay.” Anthony says, pushing Steven off when he tries to press kisses against Anthony’s neck.
“Uhh, I don’t know. Give me an example.”
The armies meet.
Steve startles from where he’d been resting against the chair. He turns to the doorway.
“I’m not pressuring you, by the way.” Steven adds.
Anthony inhales sharply, eyes caught on Schmidt.
With mock disdain, Tony raises an eyebrow at him. “Why, you need to hear it?”
“I mouthed off to him.” Steve confesses.
Before Steve can respond
“Weapons, too, I gather?” Steven asks.
The blood unnerves Steven and he turns a sharp corner, starting the route to the barracks. He doesn’t need to turn to know that Bucky is keeping pace behind him, eyes out for anyone following them. They walk quick and silent, uninterrupted through the corridors. The walls are unremarkable, stone, no coverings. Just light fixtures burning in a steady yellow light at the center of each path.
Anthony takes his time getting out of the water, draping cloths over his waist. Steven keeps his eyes on the omega’s face. Anthony makes his way over to Steve’s side, sitting down on the furs.
“Looking ripe.” Gary calls out, after a few minutes.
Gregory falls silent at that, some internal fight in the Alpha going quiet as he grows lax in Anthony’s grip.
Anthony watches him for a long, thoughtful moment. Steven returns his gaze, open even as he worries that the brutality will be too much, that Anthony will see something in him that he can not accept. After a while, Anthony leans up, presses a soft, wet kiss to the bleeding line Stane had drawn over Steve’s ear. It is the first time has kissed Steve, anywhere.
“You are the Carver’s brother.” Steven says.
“I should go to him.” Anthony says, heading to the military tent.
He can feel when his body accepts the intrusion, the weight of Steven’s cock no longer scraping at his throat, but resting, deep in him. He’s drooling, can feel it dripping from his lips, but Anthony is high on the moment, and his eyes seek out Steven’s.
it, a rush of warmth like good alcohol flushing through him.
Tony strokes at Steve’s jaw, and he nuzzles at the hand, sniffing at the scent of copper.
Anthony leans back as Steven speaks, and the Alpha notes this, struck with quiet shame as he breaks off.
“Ah, yes,” Thor shifts his feet, “I do appreciate the work you’ve done to accommodate me.”
Anthony blinks rapidly, and Steven leans into kiss his cheeks. There’s a question in his eyes, and Anthony nods that he’s fine, hand reaching to where Steven’s bond pulses. He presses there, feels Steven’s thrusts stutter at the touch.
“Bucky.” Steven says, “Is this urgent?”
Tony heads straight to Bucky, who upon seeing him startles from his slouch against the corridor’s wall.
The man is grinning, a rare thing these days, and Steven returns it, struck with hope and joy.
Bucky drags Anthony with him over the last few steps. It’s only when they walk through that Anthony realises they’re back in the courtyard.
“I have seen the aftermath of his battles. What he leaves behind.”
“Tell me to stop.”
“Hm.” Tony pulls away, shakes Steve off when he tries to hold on, “You’re lying to me now.”
Anthony stumbles back, sword still clenched as she gargles, abrupt and lurching. She falls to her knees, and her eyes, through the mask, are surprised more than anything else.
Unwittingly, Anthony’s mind recalls the board game he and Gregory would spend hours over. Wooden pieces, wooden board. Gregory’s smirk over the fireplace, his laughter when he got a trap set up, how he wilted when Anthony saw through him.
“Okay, okay, you’re not, fine,” Anthony shakes his head, as if to clear it, “No, I only meant – you’re not anything like what you’re saying. There’s so much good in you, Steve, please listen to me, there is. You are a good person, and a great Alpha.”
Steven’s mind is racing, trying to stitch this revelation with what he knows. The week after Stane’s death, Anthony had been quiet, almost distant. Steven had worried that he’d shown him too much of his darkness, and Anthony didn’t want any part of it. But the week had passed, and Anthony had been normal again. Steven had been giddy with relief, had told himself he would be patient from then on. He wouldn’t push Anthony again.
He falls.
“You will not touch me in anger.” Anthony spits into Steve’s face.
“Yes, of course.” Steven replies. "I told you I decided this long ago."
When the tears come, they don’t hurt. There’s no ache, no tightness. They just flow, easy and quick, and it’s not soon before Anthony turns his face back to his Alpha’s, lets him erase their tracks until there’s nothing but clean skin.
Steve smiles at Banner’s news, but his heart feels sick at the news. He was going to miss the boy, and how easily he’d gotten along with him. Not that he wouldn’t be glad to have Iron Man back on the team, but while Tony was small, Steve was able to show his affection for him, platonic as it is, without fear of being rejected. Once he goes back to normal… Steve doesn’t want to think about what will happen. If he doesn’t remember, it will hopefully be business as usual.  If he does… Steve is certain he will lose any chance of friendship he ever had with the man. He nods at Bruce.
is?” Bruce inquires, always one to get right to the point.
"See you next week!"
"Fine," Clint agrees quite a bit reluctantly, "You want all the knives out of the kitchen too?"
spies. We're trained to notice those sorts of things. Second of all... you really thought you were being sneaky? Cause, I've got to tell you... you both
"First of all, Tasha and I are spies. Well...
"Tony, what are you talking about?" Natasha asks, settling back into her chair, confused.
Years and years ago, when they first became partners, Clint and Natasha had decided that the best code word for them would be 'honey.' Since neither of them would ever say it to the other under normal circumstances, it was perfect. Over the many missions they've run together, it's been used to mean anything from, 'I've been compromised' to 'request immediate evac.'
"Sorry, man. You're gonna have to be a lot better than that if you want to keep a secret in this house," Clint replies with a slight chuckle, going back to his practice.
"Tell me this isn't real. Tell me it's a bad dream. That I'll wake up. Please," his voice is broken and hopeless as he begs her for a reprieve from what ever horror has shaken him.
Natasha takes a deep breath and lets it out very slowly, trying to calm her frazzled nerves.
Steve smiles and nods at Tony’s affirmation, and turns his head towards the door.
"Wait a minute!" Steve practically shouts, standing and continuing to stare at Clint, "You... all of you knew we liked each other?! What... how...?"
The boys give each other identical looks of worry, but both nod when they see no anger in Clint's face.
“Thor’s right,” Steve agrees, shifting Tony in his arms slightly and heading for the jet, “Let’s get Tony back to the mansion for now. We can figure everything else out later.”
When Natasha comes by later to check on them, she smiles to herself when she finds them both fast asleep, and closes the door.
“You can stay in my room, Tony. There’s plenty of space, and if those guys do come back, I promise I won’t let them take you,” Steve assures him.
"Were they injured in any way?" Fury's outward demeanor seems unruffled by the information that two of his top fighters have been turned into little children, but the entire rest of the team can tell he's worried. They all are.
"Steve, do you remember when we said we are your family?" Clint asks suddenly, voice muffled with emotion.
"What the fuck was that?!" Clint screams at the boys.
“I couldn’t reach any of the ones on the wall, so I brought you this one,” Tony says by way of explanation, then turns to head into the kitchen, but Steve picks him up before he gets very far, “There were some apples on the counter. I saw them when we made pancakes. We’ll need them for the apple trick,” Tony squirms in Steve’s arms for a moment, trying to get down and get the required apples.
Steve sits on the side of the bed and runs a gentle hand through Tony’s hair.
"Are they now? Well, how about you two come with me and we can meet them down at the station? It's dangerous out here and I wouldn't want you two getting hurt. I'm sure your parents wouldn't like that either."
“I love you, Tony,” he whispers, voice barely audible, “I have for awhile now. I just didn’t realize how much until I almost lost you. Well, the adult you. This you. I didn’t know how to tell you. Still don’t. I’m terrified that if you knew, that our friendship would be over, and I couldn’t bare that. Everything is still so new, so foreign to me. Having you here… it grounds me, in a way. Makes me feel like I’m not alone anymore. If I lost that… I honestly don’t know what I’d do. I need you, Tony. More than
Steve pulls Tony to his feet and leads him to the door. Tony turns and waves to the archer just as Steve turns the handle.
Tony stands outside the gym Steve uses for training trying to gather up the courage to open the door. But before he can, Steve himself appears, nearly running into the startled Tony.
Tony curls in on himself, pulling his knees to his chest and clutching his screwdriver tightly. Clint feels like the worst human being in existence, and he desperately hopes Howard Stark is rotting in hell. He reaches out a hand and sets it on Tony’s knee.
“That’s a… that’s a lot of apples. Just how many of these am I shooting?” Clint asks, looking at the boxes.
“Understood.”
"You are our family," Thor answers, bringing over another chair and sitting next to Natasha, "And we are... were yours. You are Anthony and Steven. And our family is not complete without you in it."
Tony is holding one of the wooden spoons from the kitchen and is hitting Steve's bare behind, while Steve leans against the arm of the couch his pants around his ankles. Natasha quickly darts to Tony and grabs his wrist before he can land another strike, and Clint sprints to Steve, pulling him away from the couch and helping him pull his pants back up. They are both so shocked at what's happened that neither of them can say a word. Thor, noticing this, kneels in front of the surprised boys and gently takes the spoon from Tony's hand.
Natasha feels her blood run cold at the question. Ice fills her veins, and fear and pain break her heart. She quickly glances around the room and sees the same reaction from all the others. With as much calm as she can muster, which isn’t as much as she normally has, she turns Tony to face her.
to do that again."
She hopes the all seeing guardian hears her, then turns back to the controls and pushes the jet even faster.
“Do it again! Do it again!” Tony insists, and Steve tosses Natasha another apple.
If you've never heard the story of William Tell before, go-go-gadet Google and take a look. It's an... interesting story.
“We go in, we get Stark, we get out. If we meet resistance, we fight, but try not to kill anyone. I don’t
Tony nods shortly, burying his face in the Captain’s neck.
“Will you stay with me?” Tony asks, eyes drooping with exhaustion.
Tony immediately shuts his mouth and his body trembles a bit in anticipation of punishment. They both stand ramrod straight and look at the floor.
your sex therapist! There are plenty of actual ones you can go to. Stop interrupting my practice time."
"Our trainers said my name was one zero four nine six, and my brother's name is one zero four nine five. But you call us Steve and Tony. Why?"
I thought I was done with this story, but this short little epilogue demanded to be written. So, enjoy a little more!
She knows it isn't cowardice that's made him leave. He's stared down the barrel of a gun more times than anyone can count, and she's personally witnessed him being tortured for days on end without the slightest sign of breaking. But this is different. This is Steve and Tony who were taken and made small and innocent again... then had that innocence ripped away from them with such brutality it makes her want to either break down in tears or find the people responsible and slice off their skin piece by piece.
He is sitting with his back against the far wall, knees pulled up to his chest, shoulders shaking slightly as he rocks back and forth. She rushes to him and takes one of his wrists, checking his pulse. His heart rate is a bit fast, but well within normal. He looks up at her when she touches him and there are tear streaks down his face. She lays a palm on his cheek, searching his eyes for the cause of his distress.
Once the field exam is over, Tony’s silence ends.
"Something Tony said gave me an idea. They think, or were told, that they were bad children so their parents gave them away. Sold them. What if we become their new family?" Tasha says, taking a seat on one of the weight benches and pulling Clint down to sit next to her.
“Wait, what? Why me? I can’t cook!” Clint protests, but lets himself be dragged into the kitchen anyway.
The two boys are heartbreakingly obedient as Bruce takes them down to his lab to look them over. They quietly take off their clothes and sit on the table, sitting close, but no longer holding hands. They are covered in bruises, some old and faded, others that seem to be only hours old. An x-ray shows that Steve's arm is fractured, but thankfully not broken, so Bruce puts it in a small brace to keep it stable while it heals.
He thrusts forward again, even more powerfully before, and he feels Tony's entire body shift up the bed at his movement. It takes less than a dozen strokes for Steve to finish, and he calls out Tony's name as he fills him with his cum. Tony reaches his own climax at the exact same time, arching upwards and screaming his release.
“And you aren’t our trainers?” Tony asks again, getting nods of negation in answer, “Are you our owners? Is that why you gave us new names?”
"She was lying!" Tony yells at his small blonde companion, "Don't you see that? They're just saying those things to earn our trust. We mean nothing to them! And as soon as we believe them, they'll hurt us, just like the others did. We're better off on our own, where no one can hurt us ever again."
“I don’t mind if the team knows. But if it bothers you, I’m sure a well placed word in the right ear would keep Clint silent on the matter. Unless you’re thinking you don’t want to try a relationship…”
Natasha leans over and uncharacteristically brushes a stray lock of brown hair from the sleeping Tony's face. She cups his face gently, a look of concern in her eyes, which startles the rest of the team at seeing something so maternal on her usually stoic and unreadable features.
"Four years old and they think their only purpose in life is to be slaves. How could
”Steve. Steve. Steeeeeeeve.”
Clint and Natasha both jump out of bed and race down the hall to the boys' bedroom, flinging the door open. Both beds are empty, and there are several sets of clothes missing from the pile on the dresser. Thor comes up behind them, breathing heavily, having obviously received the same message from JARVIS.
Steve showers and dresses quickly, then goes to make the requested pancakes. In hindsight, leaving Clint alone with a child Tony, and expecting them to put pancake ingredients together probably wasn’t the smartest plan Steve’s ever had. When he walks into the kitchen, it looks like it’s been hit with a tornado. A very powerful flour tornado. Both Clint and Tony are covered in flour, having apparently decided that a flour war sounded much more exciting than making pancakes. Natasha is sitting at the dining room table, drinking her coffee and reading the newspaper, trying to hide her smile. Steve gives both Clint and Tony a stern look, then takes the broom from the corner and tosses it at Clint, smirking when Clint looks at him in disbelief after catching it.
“Oh god…” Tony turns and buries his face in Steve’s shirt, “How close did Clint come to killing me that night?”
“Tony,” Steve takes the boy’s hand in his, and leans forward in his seat so he can meet his eyes, “You’re coming home with us.”
“It’s too early, Tony. Go back to sleep,” he says, closing his eyes.
Steve looks at Tony for reassurance, and the adults can see Tony move his hand under the table to hold Steve's.
"Hey, Clint?" he starts, voice a little wobbly.
"You didn't inconvenience me, sweetheart," she gives him a small hug and leads him out of the bedroom.
Natasha closes her eyes against the anger swelling inside of her, and feels the air shift as Clint turns and leaves the room, unable to handle the situation. She understands how he feels. She's been hoping against hope that she'll wake up soon and this nightmare will be over.
“Um… just a sec, kay?” he says, trepidation in his voice. He goes over to where Steve and Tasha are leaning against the wall by the door. “I can’t do this,” he admits in a whisper.
"If I had arrived sooner, or gone with them as requested..." There is pain in Thor's voice, as though he is holding back the strength of his emotion.
“Um… sure. I can do that.” Hawkeye responds, mouth a little dry.
Once she's collected herself, she opens her eyes and puts a gentle hand on each boy's shoulder, causing them to look up at her.
“I almost…” he whispers, almost inaudibly.
Steve buries his head in his hands and takes a deep breath.
Once they've finished talking and deciding how to handle their small teammates, and compromised on putting the kitchen knives in a locked cupboard, Thor decides it's time for some dinner and they head out into the living room. Tony and Steve are no longer asleep, but are instead kneeling next to one of the arm chairs with their hands folded in their laps, eyes staring fixedly at the ground. All three adults stare at the two of them for a few moments before Natasha clears her throat and kneels next to them.
They stand quickly and assume the 'punishment' position, fear evident in their faces.
"It's alright. You didn't know any better," he responds, taking Steve's other hand and smiling at them as best as he can under the circumstances.
By the time Tony is finally clean and wrapped in one of Steve’s soft fluffy blue towels, Natasha has returned from the store with clothing for the boy. Steve groans internally when he opens the bags she hands him, and briefly wonders if he can get away with letting Tony run around in oversized tee-shirts until Bruce can find a way to make him an adult again. The bags are filled with tee-shirts, underwear, socks, pajamas… all Captain America themed. Tony is thrilled and wants to immediately try everything on, while Steve is just grateful the jeans are at least normal, and vows to never send Natasha to the store again as long as he lives. Steve quickly changes out of his soaked clothes and follows Tony into the kitchen, which is thankfully no longer covered in flour. He scowls at Natasha, but she just grins at him in response.
Realizing his mistake too late, Tony takes the out.
"I feel I must apologize to all of you."
And that's the end!
“I wan’t really sleepy, so I started reading one of the books you got me, and it had a story about William Tell and how he saved his son by shooting an apple off his head, and it sounded really cool, so I wanted Clint to show me cause he said he could shoot anything and that he never misses,” Tony explains almost sheepishly, wringing his hands.
Realizing that she won't be able to get any answers out of him until she can take the time to calm him down, she turns to the two boys who haven't moved at all since she came through the door. She is terrified to find out what they might have said or done that would shake Clint so badly, and the answer dances in the back of her mind but she can't dare to think it. She goes and kneels in front of them, gently urging them to look at her.
the man, just keep SHIELD from trying to use alien technology to make more weapons. Which considering how that had worked out the last time… made a lot of sense. But seeing Tony’s reaction now… Steve feels awful for hurting his friend.
"I see your point. But how is this going to work you being team captain and all?"
Steve sits up suddenly, knocking Tony back on the bed, and starts tickling him gently, eliciting squeals of joy from the boy, as he kicks and waves his arms around trying to get away. After a moment, Steve stops, and sets Tony on the floor.
Steve stands, just as surprised by the anger as Tony. He hadn’t meant to actually
A silent tear rolls down Clint’s cheek as Tony speaks. Suddenly, everything starts to make horrifying, terrible sense. From the moment Tony and Steve had gone offline, it had taken the rest of the team exactly forty seven minutes to find them. But what had been minutes for them, had been days to the small children trapped within. Clint places a hand gently on the side of Tony’s face, the resulting flinch piercing his heart as he whispers,
She slips into bed that night and is pleased to find that Clint has joined her. She pulls him close and they lose themselves in each other, chasing away the memory of what happened with pleasurable touches and passionate kisses. They fall asleep spent and wrapped in each other's arms.
Clint is at the archery range the next morning, when Steve comes in and sits on one of the benches. Expecting a conversation, Clint turns to the Captain, but when he doesn't say anything, Hawk shrugs and goes back to his practice. After several minutes of silence, Clint lowers his bow.
“I’m sorry! I thought they were the same bow! I didn’t mean to destroy it. I’ll put it back together, and it’ll work perfect! I was just trying to help, cause everyone’s been so nice to me, and you saved me from the bad guys on that flying ship, so I wanted to show you how happy I am that you let me stay with you, and I didn’t mean to break anything! Please don’t be mad! I don’t want to go back home! I want to stay here with you and Tasha and Thor and S-steve! Nobody will talk to me at my house, but you guys talk to me all the time, and you play with me, and Steve makes me food, and lets me sleep in his room, and you don’t make me sit in the corner cause I don’t know the answer to something yet, and I’m really sorry! I won’t do it ever, ever again! Please don’t make me leave!”
Tony glares at him for a moment, looking for the lie. Apparently not finding one, he slowly scoots over towards Steve.
"No, please," she pleads with the silence of the room in a near silent whisper, "Not this."
to look like,) and then climbs into Steve’s lap to watch.
The next day, Bruce calls Stephen Strange for help in figuring out how to turn Tony back into an adult, and then the two of them sequester themselves in Bruce’s lab. Steve goes for his usual run in the morning, and upon his return, is greeted by the small brunette crashing into his legs as soon as he walks in the door.
“So? You’re better than any of those hacks any day. And you know I don’t want anything to do with their research. Come with me, get angry, get me out of this!” Tony whines.
"Any word from Bruce?"
"Why don't you two sit on the couch and I'll have JARVIS start a movie for you. I'm going to go check on Clint and Thor. They're setting up your bedroom."
A small voice pulls Steve from sleep, and he vaguely feels a tiny hand shaking his shoulder.
"You did just fine telling me. So what's the hold up?" Bruce questions, pulling up a chair and taking a seat next to Tony.
"I can't believe this!" Steve says, collapsing back on the bench, and banging his head back against the wall, "I've been trying to figure out how to tell the team all morning, and now I find out they already
"No. I'm not seeing anyone at the moment. Although not for lack of trying on Natasha's part. She seems to think every available SHIELD agent is viable dating material. Is my lack of a personal life the problem that has you so worked up?"
"Brother, where are we going?" Steve asks as he and Tony wander down the long winding road that leads to Avengers Mansion.
