The blond snorted.
A little jingle sounded across from them, and Peter hopped up, cell phone already to his ear as he hurried off down the beach the opposite way Cap and Bruce had gone.
"Hey, I don't have a mask to hide behind when I blow somethin' up," Johnny replied smugly, flashing Peter a big grin.
He couldn’t sleep. It was odd to sleep like a normal person again and trying to get any rest with Tony on his mind was very difficult.
The Clint getting his blood drawn glanced at the one in PJs and growled.
“Peter? What are you doing in the trunk?” Steve was quick to lean and offer his hands to Spider-Man.
“Wow, don’t get too excited, you’ll strain something,” Tony said sarcastically from against his side.
"You shouldn't really be moving around at all." Bruce sighed and began to unbutton his shirt. "I'm not even sure where Cap and the other Hawkeye went. We shouldn't split up like this."
“My, my, aren’t you two adorable?” A familiar voice teased. The tall Amazonian woman from the day before stopped in their view, smiling and holding onto her boyfriend’s arm.
The Hulk headed down the hallway like he knew exactly where he was going...but passed right by the bedrooms. Instead, he headed for the staircase.
Hawkeye walked up behind the two demigods, shaking his head.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
"I think you're safe," Clint assured her, rubbing his wrist absentmindedly—a look of horror intentionally on his face. It earned him a concerned look from Cap.
"Uh, well, look at him. I don't want to get him arrested," he mumbled.
"Doom?" Carol turned to look at him. "I don't know about that. He was probably busy grop—er, poisoning our team." She headed into the elevator, pulling her card out. "Hey Tony? Peter and Johnny are here—looks like the Fantastic Four are missing some people too."
“No luck?” Steve asked him.
“Is it Matt? You guys are totes adorbs together—I’m not denying that—but come on, bugs! You and ME! We make a duo that’s so explosive, it makes C4 piss its pantsuit!” Grabbing Peter’s hand and pulling on it, Wade added brightly, “Besides, blonds have more fun!”
Tony glanced back, then stopped short and looked again. Even with the pouring rain falling down on their heads, he must have noticed Steve’s expression. Damn it.
“Jeez, Bruce camps all the time. He knows how to avoid being mauled by a bear, Cap,” Clint groaned, rolling his eyes. “Right, buddy?”
"Okay, but use small words."
“What’re you doing?” Tony’s voice from so close nearby startled him, and a glance told him the billionaire had stepped over to look at the kayak, too. “Really? The shark actually bit a hole?” He was laughing, probably at just how badly things had all gone wrong, and how fast.
The Jotun spat out a mouthful, gasping and hurriedly wiping water from his eyes.
Tony would have liked nothing better than to swim up closer to Steve, but with Bruce out there in the woods somewhere unknown, he couldn’t take the chance. Siiigh. Coffee did sound pretty nice, too. He had more pressing matters to attend to, though.
"Yeah, good idea. Be honest, you think Thor's messing with the weather?" It had been SO nice just a few minutes ago. Then again, it had been gorgeous out recently and started to pour rain in the middle of their frisbee game, and Thor had insisted he didn’t cause it…
Taking Peter’s arm gently, Cap turned him away from the others and lowered his voice.
“Last week,” Peter repeated, staring at him. He’d thought they were being extra bitter at each other, but maybe out of jealousy, not because of THIS. Now he just felt lousy for not noticing on his own. He moved closer to Matt, slipping an arm around him. “Anything I can do to help?” A thought occurred to him, and he added sadly, “Wait, this wasn’t over ME, was it? I swear, I flipped a coin to figure out who got the weekend alone first…”
Bruce looked back at the ceiling.
Lightning flashed above and it was thankfully revealed that Clint was just opening his vest.
"Are you sure? It has to be pretty late by now," he told Clint as he stepped through the fence exit as well.
"Iron Man, your allies need you!" Thor boomed. “The Captain has gone missing!”
“What’re you going to do? Shoot their boat?” Matt asked dubiously, sitting his sandwich aside to actually give Wade a hug. It caught the blond off guard.
“Stark. I hate to be the one to tell you—and especially saying this about my enemy—but you are nowhere near good enough for the captain. He may be foolishly patriotic, overly self righteous and far too much of a do-gooder—but you are more...like me.” Loki flashed a smile, gesturing openly with both hands to Tony. “To ever imagine the two of you together is ridiculous. I can almost hear the public outcry already.” The black haired demigod placed a hand to his ear and smirked.
“Thanks,” Matt told him nicely. “And don’t worry. Your secret’s safe with me. I’m just here to see Peter and Wade.”
Even with the word ‘dating’ confirming it for sure, Tony couldn’t argue with that kind of blunt honesty. Sighing, he took a seat beside the fire again and looked at the loudly bubbling coffee pot.
"Stop it, both of you. We need somebody ELSE to do the test."
It was early, but Cap was a morning person. If he got up like he usually did, there was a chance he might pass by and hear them talking.
The lights fluttered between darkness and some too-bright, overcharged state. Tony, meanwhile, was gasping and clutching at Steve's hand.
Glancing around quickly, Clint slammed the trunk shut and leaned on it protectively.
“He means we’re TOGETHER together,” Tony clarified, placing a hand over Steve’s on his shoulder. “Planning our wedding, that kind of together.”
"I could tell Steve I was wrong about you liking Tony, and that after we talked, I realized all of the over-the-top flirting was genuine," he offered, raising an eyebrow. "But then we have to go back  and explain all over again that it was a ruse later at some point." He sighed and tied the tank top loop he'd been holding onto into a knot over one hip so it stayed up without him holding onto it. "I don't like lying to Cap, even if we're trying to help him."
Below them, all laughter and twigs breaking had fallen silent.
“Do you think we should have told Peter first?”
"Uh, not sure." Hawkeye placed the bent needle on Bruce's palm. "I stole it out of Tony's lab. The monitor thing said something about magic." The man shrugged his shoulders.
Now he was REALLY curious what was up with Hawkeye and Dr. Banner. Cap seemed to think they were doing things they shouldn't. Considering how Bruce turned into the Hulk if his heart rate got too high, that gave the imagination all sorts of fuel... He blushed and tried to focus on making meatballs. Steve and Tony didn't seem to be in much better moods than before. What could be done to help with that?
"...No," Tony realized aloud, frowning. "Not even the one who was with you. Pepper's still coughing from the gas, though—I should take a sample from the Clint that was with you and compare it against the others." He turned and headed straight for the door.
Bruce was looking more and more uncomfortable with the way they were acting, but relented and sat in the chair they kept waving him toward. Clint thought maybe his eyes had the tiniest bit of a green glint. Aw, great. This oh-so-important chat was probably just a lecture about bears and sleeping out on boulders away from camp. Nothing to freak out about.
"Then it has circuit breakers and surge protectors built-in? C'mon, give me a little credit," Tony said, rolling his eyes.
Glancing down at the metal detector, Clint chewed his lip.
Returning to his spot by the fire, Wade went right back to drying Loki’s book.
The thought was worrying, but Clint had been a SHIELD agent. Hopefully he could manage to keep a secret.
“Adopted,” Thor said with a little shrug, turning an adoring gaze down at Loki again. The Trickster still looked irked that they hadn’t believed what she told them earlier. She really hadn’t lied, either. “Don’t be angry with them, my love—they are only concerned for me.”
Matt tipped his head ever so slightly in Wade’s direction, keeping his gaze out to sea. A grumble of thunder sounded in the clouds and a split second later the beach flashed from a crackle of lightning. Matt frowned, reaching a hand out to take Peter’s sleeve.
Deadpool lay on the roof, curled tightly into a ball. A branch had blown into him and was waving in the wind, not unlike a palm tree on a stormy island at sea. The mercenary didn't move, despite the pouring rain, thunder, lightning and wind.
“You’re alive!” Wade shouted, throwing himself at Clint to hug him. “Bugs save you! He saved you!”
Up the trail, Deadpool turned to glance their way.
Then he smiled over at Bruce, saying quietly, "Good idea." He seemed to be in a much better mood now that he was warm and stuffing his face. His cheeks were very rosy though.
“Bugs wants us to get along. Come on, Double Ds—let’s play nice.”
"Who said I thought you didn't care about me?" Loki asked, acting hurt. "I know you like us both."
"Agreed," Tony said, raking damp hair back from his forehead. Now that the concern for Peter had calmed down again for the moment, the fact that Cap had pretty much avoided him since they got out of the car returned, and he sighed. "Look, it's late. Let's just...turn in, save any more thinking for tomorrow, huh?"
Cap and Tony were right about him and the Hulk—them being together would be a STUPID idea. Idiotic and irrational and-and…kinda hot.
Bruce turned and looked up at Hawkeye, too worn out to even muster shock at the mess his research papers had become. The Hulk hadn't been the point? Then, that meant...
“He’s got toned puns and smart buns! Er, the other way around!” The man shouted back up.
“Peter was really upset, Tony,” Steve said, frowning at him. “I guess the three of them have never really spent time together when they aren’t fighting crime. Peter just wanted a few more days with them and Matt wasn’t having it. So, I told him I’d take responsibility for Wade if they could stay for a few more days. Then,” Cap sighed, losing the frown. “Peter asked us all to do a boat race. I guess that’s why he wanted his friends to stay so badly. If you ask me, I think the three of them need some time alone to work all of this out.”
But Clint didn't leave him alone.
Sudden brightness filled the room, and Peter realized that Cap had just turned the lights back on.
Clint raced through the crowd. There were people gathered around a big office building across the street from Stark Tower and boy oh boy, was the office building on fire. Clint had seen Captain America ducking back inside after dropping a woman off just outside of the door.
"Where else would I be?"
Bruce was pretty sure Clint was only holding the vest over their heads for his benefit. He was sure a seasoned spy and assassin could handle some rain.
"If he's the impostor and can fake an injury, you could be an impostor and fake an illness," Bruce sighed, taking hold of the arrow. "Are you ready for this?"
"I'm looking for things nobody but Iron Man can see," Tony replied brightly. "Scanning for forensic evidence, you know, the technical brainy stuff you don't usually do. I've found out a LOT so far, actually. Thor said he thought the Hulk hurt one of you two, though. C'mon, don't leave me in the dark, here."
He sipped the latte again. It really was perfect. His favorite coffee shop back in the city was probably deeply offended, because this was a better latte than he’d ever had from there. Then again, Peter wasn’t exactly rich, and it was probably his own fault for going to the cheapest coffee shop he could find. Sometimes ‘coffee shop’ really meant ‘gas station that just had a little drip coffee thingy in the back’…
...Or maybe that wasn't the cure. The Avenger lay back into the chair. There was no way Doom would risk him escaping. It had to be a trap. He looked around the room again. There wasn't anything he could use to fight with and he sure as heck wasn't up to jumping off a cliff in his current state—another sixty plus years in a block of ice wasn’t appealing.
"...So, sauce," Tony said overly-casually after a moment.
“I assure you, many of the Avengers enjoy coffee more than they should.”
"But he is wounded—how can this be?" He picked Loki up easily, turning to the others with a frown. "We must tend to his wounds at once!"
"I don't have anything you'd want," Bruce muttered, leading him toward the medical room. The only alternative to this plan was to somehow get the power back on—and that didn't look to be happening anytime soon. Why had the backup generators not worked again...
Tony snorted.
“Nay, I am sworn to secrecy! Do not trouble yourself, friends.”
Tony's armor could fly him around faster than jets moved—he had to have seen the beacon by now, and was on his way, Cap told himself. Then they—and poor Clint—could get out of here.
“Dumped you?” Steve repeated, looking from Peter to Tony. “That better NOT be what we heard.”
It was too early for anything but coffee. After coffee was the talk with Peter, and after that depended a whole lot on how Peter reacted.
He could make out the shine of Clint's eyes in the dimness—and they were still fixed on him. Another grumble of thunder rumbled.
"Do it, it's worth it," he whispered to Wade confidently, unwrapping the bread loaf and realizing it was an unsliced one that had been baked pretty crispy. Nice. He started crunching it up with his bare hands, reducing it down to crumbs.
As casually as he could, he stepped around the medical beds and made his way to the door. There was always time later for him to return at full, uninjured power to play with their feeble minds.
Just then, the doorbell rang, though. Peter web-slung his way toward the front entrance hall in a split-second, shoving his mask back on with the other hand as he went.
"C'mon Bruce. I think that sandwich place is still open." Clint followed the path out to the back exit in the fence.
Before Clint could reply, the blond Asgardian they spoke of came crashing through the nearest window.
The lights flickered, and the hum of the machinery faltered somewhat. It came right back, though.
Ooh. It was such a perfect setup and Loki did none of the work! All he had to do was set it in motion. It was just too good. He turned back to Thor, bringing a mistiness to his borrowed blue eyes, placing a hand on his stepbrother’s.
A cold shower would have worked better, but eh.
"OWW!" Both Clints yelled—Loki from the alcohol, and Hawkeye from his hand getting crushed in a pained grip. The archer wrenched his hand free, backing up and rubbing it.
It wasn’t there.
Up this close, he could probably see just how tired Bruce was. His eyes were weary, and with the wet hair and the scruffy beard, he felt he really was the picture of a man who hadn't slept in days.
"I had not known you had any designs on the captain, brother," Thor said quietly, glancing at Loki.
Maybe that was it! Maybe Clint had specific plans for their outing, and was annoyed that Bruce was messing them up. Social things had never exactly been the scientist's strong point, and being sleep-deprived really wasn't helping that any. Well, now he felt dense.
“Dammit,” Clint grumbled, sticking his fingers into the bloody spot and grimacing. “They don’t make stitches like they used to.”
Staring the man down, Clint wedged himself between Wade and Bruce, sticking a hand on the stranger’s shoulder to push him back. Bruce didn’t need to Hulk out.
Bobbing his head in agreement, Steve picked another bunch of flags out of the kayak and turned to find a spot for them. As he knelt beside a clump of seaweed and rocks, a deep growl of thunder sounded far above them, making him glance up. Stabbing the flags in, Steve came back to Tony’s side and frowned back the way that they had come from.
“Isn’t it obvious?” Tony grumbled. “Thor doesn’t want to fight with him. He doesn’t seem to think the civilians in the camp are in danger, either.”
“Then explain this picture!” Tony jabbed a finger at the newspaper again.
“Yeah, last time I saw Doom, I was smiling and handing him an Arc reactor designed to blow up in his face. The guy’s probably pissed.” The cringe was audible in his voice.
“No shit. Let’s go.” Snagging Bruce’s hand, he led the way across to the other cabin.
"We’re bait," he stated to Doom, frowning at the thought.
“Sorry. I talk when I’m nervous,” the merc stage whispered.
"I'm s-sorry Bruce." Steve got up, leaning on Tony for support. "But first t-thing's first. If you..." He coughed into his hand before continuing. "...If you are g-going to make a c-cure -- we need...power...on." Wheezing, he shook his head.
"You don't have to do that—if it's anybody's fault the papers are everywhere, it's mine." He frowned, adding pointedly, "You should take a hot bath or something—you got chilled out there."
"Smart to hit Banner. Brought ME out to play. He says the same."
Bruce finally noticed the tracking bracelet on the archer's wrist. He looked Clint over in a very neutral way (or maybe just exhausted?) before replying, "I could sit on the floor if you'd rather."
Peter glanced after Thor and blushed a bit. Oh. Go figure, anybody would notice Thor's muscles in that outfit...
Thor! He had completely forgotten about Thor. A wave of relief washed over Steve so strongly that he plunked back down on the medical table. If there was one person he knew could pull any of them out of a pinch, it was the God of Thunder.
Peter’s shoes slipped on the slick stone as he arrived at the top of a tunnel that sloped down. A steady stream of water ran out of a crack in the wall above it, shooting mist up into the beam of his light.
Taking a cue from Peter, Wade sat the knife aside and dumped all the meatball fixings together.
"Aunt May, it's freezing cold out here," he said as theatrically as he could. "Let me call us a cab, we shouldn't walk home in the rain!"
"Sometimes I love that guy." Hawkeye said through a smile, opening the door to his door. The room was very plain inside, with a large workbench on one side. The work bench was covered in arrow heads, weird bits of tech and oil. But the thing that caught Bruce’s attention was the comfy looking bed that took up most of the room.
Cap stared at the screen, not hearing whatever the report lady had gone on to say. Tony was with Loki. That was all there was to it.
Bruce moved over as quickly as he could without stumbling in the dark, kneeling down to test the man's vital signs.
Bruce blinked and hovered a hand out by Clint's shoulder in case the blond fell over.
"We're not even officially together, Cap," he said sadly. "And if I'm this wrong about you and Tony, maybe I'm wrong about him too. Maybe we're just bros like he always says." Seeing Tony and Wade approaching with driftwood in hand, he sighed. "I'm just a photojournalist, what do I know."
Daredevil and Wade started back their way, looking like they were caught up in some kind of argument. It was hard to hear over the weather.
Bruce placed a hand on his shoulder.
…Which kinda sucked when Clint wanted to help him put on sunscreen. Shaking his head to dismiss the idea, Clint shut and zipped his suitcase shut, just to have something to do that WASN’T staring at Bruce’s back.
“Banner found that odd as well.” Thor had hurried over in the time Steve was looking away—he was right in front of them now, gesturing to the fancy campsite. “He claims that he has never even seen another camper in this location. That’s why it is his favorite.”
The redhead gasped and scrambled forward into the stairwell—and down the stairs. Luckily she grabbed the handrail on her way through toppling over, and wound up hanging by her arm. Her knee and elbow weren't so fortunate, and got scraped up pretty good on the steps.
Steve came over to help Tony up.
“I don’t think Thor would cause a storm to blow in if he knew we were out here. I’m sure everyone’s waiting for us back at the shore and we’ve only hit two spots on the map. But with a shark around, we might have to reconsider. Whether it’s his home or not, it wouldn’t be safe for the others to paddle through to collect flags.”
“Hey, the more we mess with other people’s lives, the more we can avoid ours!” Wade said brightly, laughing nervously and holding up a palm toward Matt. “High five!”
The Jotun sat back down on the couch. His plan would have to wait. The stringy man seemed so harmless, it was mind numbing to imagine the power he had in his slim body. If only they could be alone for a few minutes without the Hulk immediately smashing him into the floor...
"He always does when it really counts." Covering a small cough with one hand, she glanced at Tony and added, "I guess I can go to bed now. Or shower—that chemical gas smell is still in my hair." She sighed and turned to head out the door.
"You mean they don't bother you and Hulk so much," Bruce corrected. "I see Captain America all the time while I'm in Hulk's head, but he doesn't actually know ME all that well, does he?" He glanced at the door unhappily. "After talking to him on the beach the other night, I know he doesn't have anything against you..." He looked at Clint and sighed a little. "...Doing what he thought we were doing. So it must be just about me. I'm a safety risk, as usual."
“C’mon, he’s tougher than that,” Peter replied, hoping Hawkeye wasn’t offended. He was the most normal non-powered human member of the Avengers, but he’d survived things that would kill any average person all the same.
Loki placed his hand on Thor's, leaving a bloody handprint. His lips moved like he was going to say something, but instead he slid to the ground. As dramatically as humanly possible, he looked up at Thor before passing out cold.
"Yeah, the Four are in trouble but Cap is, too," Tony said. "And where'd Thor go, anyway? C'mon, let's go see about that power."
“I don’t know which I’m more surprised about, that you know about Wade or that you’re okay with ME.” The redhead smiled, toasting Tony with his coffee. “To not dodging rockets and shields.”
Loki paused, adding, “Poetically speaking, of course.” He waved a hand at Tony. “Find a lesser mortal to throw your lust at.” He sat back up, grinning at Stark. “Captain America will live forever, so take comfort that, someday, when you lay dead and cold in a grave, he'll look to other immortals for comfort.” Placing a dramatic hand on his chest, he smiled sweetly. “Like me.”
Bruce took the half glass of water Loki hadn't drank with the pills and handed it to Steve. "Don't talk, and try to breathe slowly, okay? I'll check on the synthesizer in just a moment."
"Still doesn't rule out clone or Skrull. That’s all I’m saying."
Bruce looked at Clint's hand for a moment, brushing his thumb over the back of it. He closed his eyes and drew a slow breath. This was doable if he could just keep himself perfectly calm...
Apparently, the super villain on the table thought that the kiss on his forehead was a bit much too. He blushed furiously and tried to shrink into the table, checking to make sure that no one saw it. Clint stared back at him pointedly.
Tony lingered over on the shore, Steve noted, talking with Thor. The Asgardian looked very different in earth clothing, so hopefully nobody at the fancy camp recognized him from the news or something.
Imagining Clint’s face when he found out that Cap and Tony were engaged was making the billionaire smirk now. They’d been extremely discreet (not something that came easy to a flashy person like Tony Stark), and he was pretty sure the others had no idea they’d been together for over a month now.
There was a blinding flash of lightning overheard, then a roll of thunder, and rain began to pour down on all of their heads again.
"I always thought it was you, you know. That you were the real one," Bruce told Clint tiredly, pulling his attention from the Shakespeare going on beside them.
“…Are you serious?” He asked at long last, hopping to his feet and leaning on the balcony.
“You don’t remember? Anything?” He pressed, frowning. “You know…the boyfriend thing?” He whispered as quietly as he could.
Oh, boy, Wade always had some colorful tale about that particular member of the X-men…
Cap stayed at Tony’s side as they started walking, shielding the other man with an arm above his head. If only Steve had his actual shield. That worked much better against the rain.
“Why’d we have to come to a freaking hot spot? It’s like 90 degrees!” Clint moaned from the backseat, poking his head up into view of the rear view mirror. “I voted for the ski resort!”
What was he supposed to say? He hadn’t really had a man like him—not one he cared to talk to. Bruce seemed okay, but Clint still felt like he didn’t know him.
"Only if you order the BLT," Clint grumbled angrily.
"Oh, hey!" Peter shot a web at the building across the way, swinging right into Wolverine's path and holding out his other hand. "Hold it! Let me get the bike and bring it out to you. Aunt May'll freak out if some scary hairy guy starts breaking into our garage."
The whisper was so gentle that Peter wondered if he dreamed it. Matt’s voice was always nice to listen to. It probably came from talking a lot in court. He had to be good at speaking for that, right?
The tequila was starting to hit him, a very familiar little fuzzy feeling at the edge of his mind. It was kind of a relief at the moment.
"Ow," Tony said faintly. "Hey...h-hands off." He looked at Clint tiredly. Tony being too tired to smile was pretty unusual.
Clint turned his head to stare at him.
Peter had to tell them SOMETHING, but he couldn’t actually tell them any of the things that were the real problems.
The archer fidgeted, then he leaned in and pressed a quick kiss on Bruce's lips—leaning back quickly to stare at Bruce with wide blue eyes.
"Tony," Captain America said, stepping up next to his friend. "What happened...with H-Hulk? Footprints in the y-yard?"
The guy snorted and shook his head like that was some kind of joke. The taxi's cage divider must be pretty tough for him to be that confident with Cap in the backseat.
"Pizza?" Clint asked hopefully, shivering as he glanced in Thor’s direction. "That does sound pretty good."
The blond had closed his eyes, resting his head against the back of Tony's helmet.
The vision down the hallway was like something from a nightmare: the hulking green monster, barreling toward him at high speed and the place lit like a slasher movie. Hell, there weren't even any flickering lights...the thunder rumbling overhead reminded him of Thor, though, and that didn't help things any.
“We need to inform the authorities. If this thing decided to go toward the beach, someone could get hurt. Maybe… Maybe Hulk or Thor could just throw it further out to sea?”
Wait. Naked Bruce. The scientist had borrowed some of Clint’s clothes yesterday, so they hadn't been stretchy. If Bruce turned big and green...
"Uh, it's n-not important," Cap said quietly, cheeks darkening. He glanced over at Tony shyly. "So, you're que—er, gay? W-what about Miss Potts? I a-assumed that s-she would be Mrs. Stark s-someday."
For once, the diplomatic route had actually worked. Not only had Doom apparently been expecting him, but Iron Man had been invited into the castle without so much as a shot fired to try and knock him out of the sky. It was almost suspiciously easy, honestly...
The Hulk was picking up any piece of rubble that wasn't bolted down and hurling it after Amora, roaring all the while. It was a miracle he wasn't after Hawkeye, since Hawkeye had been the one to zap Bruce.
"Yeah." Clint shut the garden fence. "I heard you the first time, buddy." The man gave Bruce an attempted playful nudge in the arm and continued on. "So, sandwiches?"
Tucking the phone into the pocket of his imaginary business suit, Loki sat back in his chair and watched the other cafe goers.
"He's definitely not," Bruce confirmed. "I should have figured. This is Captain America we're talking about. But I used the idea that you like Tony to convince him to try talking to Tony for me and see if he can feel out whether Tony knows any of the other Avengers have feelings for him. I honestly hope Tony misinterprets that to be about Cap's feelings and breaks the ice, but that's probably asking for too much."
“Hey Cap?” Came a slurred voice. Hawkeye had come over to them, a now-empty tequila bottle in one hand. “You’re the besht dad I’ve ever h-had.” Growing misty eyed, Clint bent to give both men a hug, sniffing. “Thanksh for…” the archer mumbled, some words too quiet to hear, “...all the time. Don’t desherve it.”
“For some who is so acrobatic, I thought you’d be fond of hiking,” Steve called ahead to Clint. “Consider it an exercise if you want.”
"Think they've got audio feeds...? Pepper reached into the pockets of her pantsuit and rummaged a little, sighing.
"Actually, I was thinking we'd try walking right through his front door," Tony said, crossing his arms and looking down at the castle.
"Everyone's locked in here. It isn't safe for you."
The scientist turned one piece of pizza upside-down and stuck it on top of the other, eating them like a sandwich. More food faster, he figured. Peter and Johnny were back to sitting on the floor and watching one of the titular teen moms in the movie struggle to restrain her vicious newborn with a muzzle.
“My apologies. I didn’t think you wanted to do that,” he explained, looking away from Tony. “You’re right. The team would see right through us.”
"Yeaaah, not gonna happen." Tony shook his head. "You don't get it, do you? 'Til we figure out which one's really you, neither of you can be trusted, so you're staying here and you're staying locked up. We can handle this. Jarvis can keep an eye on you."
"I'm not sure,” he choked.
Maybe Hulk was around enough to notice the root beer thing, but clearly Bruce didn't catch the significance. "Cap looks kind of miserable," he added under his breath, though, glancing back over his shoulder at the cabin.
Deadpool followed, looking for anyone else along the street. It was the early morning hours now and there weren't very many people around, but the few that were out gawked and pointed at the two. The merc made rude hand gestures back at them as they went—even the people that didn't point.
Without comment, the magic infused man casually tossed the arrowhead at them. As it flew, it made a soft hiss, releasing a glowing green gas. It pulsed and Bruce’s head started pounding. It felt like someone had grabbed him by the ears and shaken him.
"Hold it. You wait up here," Tony said, rocketing down next to her. "If Doom gives his word he'll stick with it; if not, he might try and take me prisoner, too. Why? I have no idea, but I also have no idea why he wants Steve, so it could happen." He shrugged. "If it does, you're my backup—get some help, don't try diving in here after me, okay? This place has like 200 Doombots guarding it."
“Cap,” he began, frowning. “We can’t do this forever. I can’t. Okay? You and I, there’s something happening to us and I don’t like where it’s headed. Before we found you in the ice, I…”
Tony tried to be patient, reminding himself that everyone had had a hell of a day.
Bruce sighed and punched the last button on the machine. Even without rushing, he was pretty sure his attempt at a cure for Cap had turned out the same as before. Still, may as well let it synthesize and try it out.
"Are you alright?" The blond man coughed back, straining against his chains again. There had to be some way to open them.
"But the hero LEFT the scene shortly after fire officials arrived. Have our protectors grown LAZY? Next, a man survives three days locked in a telephone booth after trying to change into his secret identity..."
There was a kind of mechanical buzzing from the hallway, too. Glancing at the door to the hallway, Hawkeye looked at Bruce and smiled. The day couldn’t get any more weird so he opted to ignore it.
“Okay, that’s cool. Can I borrow a shirt for my boy Peter? His clothes are all waterlogged from falling in the lake and that tree really mucked up the luggage IN the tent—so he’s gotta go sans the shirt or take a loan.”
The Hulk was doing his best to smash Amora, who was doing remarkably well at avoiding this. Ms. Marvel was kind of caught in the crossfire.
"Are we sure we WANT them to get some privacy? If the Hulk rips up half of this beach, I can't exactly explain that away," he pointed out to the blond.
“Come on, let’s just go,” he told Peter in passing.
"Hawkeye...Clint." Thor placed a big hand on his shoulder, looking solemn now. "I will pry no further, but know that I respect and care for you, as always. If there is anything that I can do to aid you, you know you have only to ask."
"Huh? No, no, that's, uh, unrelated," Peter said awkwardly. He sighed. "It's complicated, Cap. Wade's not in high school, it would be weird to have him there all the time. That, and...he's got some enemies. I don't want to bring danger to the kids at school."
Peter mirrored his move, leaping in front of Tony to catch the frisbee before it could reach him. Tony snorted behind him.
"Run from what?" Bruce asked, steadying himself. Wait...had somebody attacked Clint? Maybe he wasn't sitting here just because of his injuries.
Still, he got to wake up next to Steve. Maybe getting up at this ridiculous hour would keep anybody else from barging in for a little while…
Wait...the Hulk actually respected that arrangement even a little bit? Usually he seemed content to show up and smash things to bits until people blasted him into unconsciousness again...
"Hawkeye!" Thor's voice boomed, even over the card's audio. "What help do you need, friend?"
“The lake’s this way.”
“He’s obviously trying to relax and take a vacation just like us,” Peter said hastily, sticking a hand to Wade’s back and towing him in the direction of the Avengers’ side of the lake. “Let’s leave him be!”
"Then whoever left with Dr. Banner was not what they seemed," the computer said matter-of-factly. "I can play the footage for you, sir. Barton left with Dr. Banner late last night and they have not returned."
Taking it shakily, she smiled the tiniest bit.
“Wow,” he said, mystified. “You’re not parting ways after vacation at all, then!” His brain was whirling with questions, none of which really WERE any of his business but all of which he was really confused about. Were they dating before the vacation? Did Loki plan to show up here and meet them all along? She—he? So many questions!—sure had seemed to meet Peter by chance. Loki was probably pretty good at acting that sort of meeting, though.
Wade suddenly lunged forward to pat Peter's head, now on his stomach hanging halfway over the roof edge.
As the captain turned, he was distracted by a woman jogging past them in tiny shorts and a bikini top, a panting orange corgi dog in tow.
Tony gave him a covert thumbs up just before Peter returned with a bright yellow backpack slung over one shoulder. Unzipping it, he pulled out a notebook and a little pencil case and sat them on the table in front of Tony.
He had a very fatherly tone—like he was scolding a child. Hawkeye actually shrank back a little, and Loki wanted to laugh so badly.
"Do I FRIGHTEN you, Captain? In your pathetic state, it would be trifling for Doom to force you to drink this serum..."
"If it keeps you safe, I shall not leave your side while you are here," he promised.
"I'll go check on h-her." He stumbled to the door.
"Thanks," he said, smiling brightly at Cap. "Wow, this is great. I'm on a tropical paradise vacation with bonfires on the beach, and I get to sit around eating s'mores with Captain America! Man am I glad I got stuck in that car trunk." He took a giant bite of his s'more and chewed happily.
“Thanks,” Matt told Cap, pulling off his baseball cap and trying to tame his copper hair. “I’d never forgive myself if I didn’t ask, but can I get a handshake from Thor? It’s not everyday that I get to meet an Asgardian.”
“We’re going to another planet if we have to,” Tony declared. With the kind of lives they led, they just might have to actually do that.
"Then we must help him! ...How can we?"
“So, were you asleep while you were in the ice or just really bored?”
“See? That’s what I said!” Wade said quickly, pointing at Cap excitedly. Pushing his way between Clint and Bruce, he stuck out a blood-stained hand toward Steve. “God, it’s awesome to meet you! I’m such a big fan, you’re on all my underwear—”
Bruce had turned around quickly when he heard somebody else talking. He looked at Spider-Man, but said nothing.
“Guess what.”
"Tony has no way of finding us!" Pepper put her hands over her face. "What's he going to do with us, Cap? There's no way out..."
"…Is this weird?" He asked softly, leaning back from the scientist's hand and frowning. "I mean, this is okay, right? You don't think everybody's going to freak out, do you? Because of the Hulk?"
Loki grabbed his hands, which happened to have the needle in them. Who cared?
Pizza? Bruce stopped raiding the popcorn bowl long enough to glance at the door (albeit still chewing). Oh, yeah, they ordered pizza.
Tony gripped his hands so confidently that it was reassuring, tugging lightly on them...and then Steve realized he wasn't tugging lightly. That was, in fact, his best effort to pull Steve to his feet. Tony would never admit it, but clearly he needed some help doing that.
The last thought that went through Bruce's head before the "other guy" took over was that the sandwich shop had better not end up getting smashed after all of this.
Casting a nervous glance at the other two, Wade bravely started peeling the onion, psyching himself up.
As the blond was wriggling around in the tent, Matt arrived at the top of the hill, looking more than a bit pissed off.
"Uh?" Bruce blinked, hearing him and snapping out of the doze somewhat. "...We're still on the bench," he said after a moment, perhaps a bit defeatedly. For a second, there, he'd been on a boat...
Thumbing the button, the first Avenger waited for Tony to pick up.
"...Banner says there's a shield locking us in. You don't lock Hulk in. Whose bright idea was that?" He cracked his knuckles and grinned darkly, heading for the hallway.
Catching it easily, Steve flung it back across the beach to Tony, keeping his focus on Wade.
“Well, Fury had arranged for everyone to take over our patrol areas, so technically we could take a few more days off back home. I think people nowadays call it a ‘staycation?’” Cap ventured, looking to Tony for confirmation.
"Sure, why not?" Tony looked amused by the kid's enthusiasm. Peter grinned and took off, forgetting about his plate of waffles.
“They’ll be sorry when he’s the next billionaire in New York. Peter’s a keeper. Between me and Wade, we barely get to see him around school and work. It must be nice to live in the same house.”
Clint nodded and Bruce saw him shiver too. Hours of cold rain did that to normal people.
The masked man promptly turned to Cap and crossed his arms over his armored chest.
Oh, great. It was Aunt May, and she sounded worried for him. Pete sat up just as he heard a voice over the crowd.
Peter tossed a web out in front of him and dove into another swing, answering conversationally, "Almost gettin' bug-squashed by Wolverine and Deadpool. They were bickering over a motorcycle, followed me around half the night."
"Skrulls DO get all of your memories..." Miss Marvel said, frowning.
“Hallelujah! The power’s been restored! The apocalypse has ended!” Wade pumped a fist in the air (dumping lettuce from his sandwich) and ran to give Peter a hug.
Out of the blue, Cap pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek, still smiling at him.
“So, do you go to Peter’s school?”
Huffing, Hulk stood and leapt off the roof easily, plummeting them through the hot muggy air.
Clint turned to look at him, eyes sparkling in the dark.
"Please let me up."
Great, now he'd probably have trouble sleeping even as tired as he was.
Steve watched his back until he left, shaking his head.
"You serve, I'm already warmed up."
"I'll be fine," the redhead said, rolling her eyes. "I have the place memorized, you know."
Bruce shot him a smile in return, and Clint noted that his eyes were still soft and brown. No alarm at the kiss at all. PHEW.
Bruce should have been laughing by now. That would’ve made Clint sticking his foot in his mouth easier to pass off as a joke, laughter. Instead the brunette went super quiet for what felt like a painfully long time.
The ginger guy settled in beside him, seeming strangely at home in his borrowed clothes even though they were oversized on him. Apparently Cap had loaned him some blue pajamas.
Clint was determined to tell them to ‘get a room’ at some point and see if they gave anything away. They HAD to be dating. Nothing else made sense. From the outside, Steve was married to his job and strangely enough, Tony WASN’T dating a long line of women for once, no matter what the tabloids said about Pepper.
"Oof! Whadabouthotdogs?" Peter replied, muffled by the man's shoulder. He patted Wade's back gingerly, hoping that would be sufficient reciprocation so that the hug could end.
"Some water, perhaps. I shall return." He headed across the room to the counters.
Bruce stopped and turned toward him, sighing and sticking his hands in his pockets.
"Uh...well, Hawkeye spends more time with Bruce than the rest of us," Tony explained over the come. "Usually reasoning with the big guy's pretty pointless, but I guess Hawkeye's got the touch."
"Iron Man is performing scans," Thor replied, sounding concerned. "Has Banner come to some kind of harm...?"
"Yes. Thor will always come if his brother is on Earth—usually to take him back to Asgard." He coughed and sipped more water. The bed was looking more inviting by the minute.
Taking a seat on the chair beside the redhead, Cap noted that Matt already had his phone pressed to his ear.
Bruce glanced at the hand on his arm and sighed a little, letting himself be led away.
“I’m sorry, we got off-topic. If Wade isn’t in school, what does he do?” Cap asked glumly, adding different condiments to the different buns. Apparently, he knew what each member of the team liked on their burgers.
“No, something for smaller teams. Say, two people to a team—that way Cap and Tony can be on a team. We just have to make sure everyone partners up before we tell them what’s going on. How about a treasure hunt or something?”
Breaking twigs and crunching dirt made the Spider Sense flare suddenly—somebody was approaching the tree, and fast!
Lola waved a hand at Spidey.
She played with the tip of her braid and tipped her head.
The picture had been clearly doctored. He would have remembered smooching Tony in the middle of a flower-covered archway. It was amazing how little value pictures had in modern time. Anything could be faked.
Jeez, looking at couples irritated Tony right now. He was worried about Bruce eying Cap while Clint was eying Bruce! Why couldn't they just have a nice, fun, no subtext family vacation, huh?
Taking a really long sip from his own cup, Clint looked across the bonfire as Bruce was playing with a marshmallow. Then he turned back to Tony and quirked an eyebrow.
Deciding that he'd feigned doing Important Things long enough, Tony stopped typing on the keyboard and turned to face Steve, mustering up a laugh.
"You okay?"
Bruce shivered a little, wondering what he was about to say. Oh, he didn't want to deal with that right now...especially since he wasn't sure which Clint was the real one. He knew which one he WANTED to be the real one...
"That's...that's nice," Bruce mumbled, sounding distracted. He was also looking off to the side, and hadn't so much as blinked at the acid display across the room. The Hulk must have chosen now to speak with him.
There was a long pause, then Cap mumbled to himself worriedly.
"Hey!" An angry voice came from across the garden. The first Avenger turned to see who it was, only to spot Hawkeye heading for them and waving an arm over his head.
"Okay I have to ashk—is this a shex thing? Because I’m pretty shure Thor has a thing for Jane Foshter..."
"Yeaaah...well now that you've got your bike back, I'm gonna have to ask you both to leave. Aunt May's just running errands and the power's out—she'll probably be back sooner rather than later.
“Double chocolate on mine! BRB, pops!” Wade called, already darting back toward the woods.
Peter shrugged awkwardly.
“They’ve never bothered me before,” he said, glancing at Thor. It wasn’t exactly typical for Thor and Bruce to hang out together, Tony thought. It wasn’t typical for Bruce to be Bruce instead of the Hulk, really. Great, even they got more alone time than him and Steve at the moment…
"Surprise, surprise," Peter muttered, crawling up to a higher vantage point to watch the two duke it out. "Hey, Deadpool," he hollered, "He says if ya don't give his bike back he'll take it out on me!" Not exactly Logan's words, but he really WAS getting to deal with Wolverine showing up randomly thanks to Deadpool's antics.
“Are you actually here?” Clint asked, deciding that it was more reliable to just ask the hallucination. Hey, at least Hulk wasn’t drunk.
"And how would that help us? Unless somebody takes pity and unlocks a door so we can go inside, our only hope is to coat ourselves in newspapers for insulation."
Peter couldn’t help smiling at that. Maybe they didn’t need to have some big conversation or ultimatum talk. Maybe the three of them should just hang out and see how that went on its own. It had been an excuse to get the kayak race plan started, but Peter really WAS enjoying just spending some time with Matt and Wade without fighting crime for once.
As if on cue, Tony came walking through the door...with a medical bag. He headed right to the cell and knocked on the side. "Jarvis, let me in here."
The thought had just occurred to him that Hawkeye happening to be kidnapped the same time they happened to have an impostor Hawkeye was an awfully big coincidence.
Tony Stark had asked if ‘Roger Barton’ was Hawkeye’s husband. Was the man gay? Some groups on the internet thought so, as Loki discovered when he learned not to do internet searches for ‘Hulkeye.’
Glancing Peter’s way, he gestured back down the hallway.
Quirking an eyebrow, Steve tried to think of a more polite term. Any shortened version of homosexual sounded much worse, in his opinion. It was hard enough to defend the new America without getting lost in all the terms that people used to hate each other. If Tony thought that ‘homosexual’ sounded old, than there was no way that ‘queer’ would be acceptable.
"Even corpses bleed for a while," the Hulk grumbled. The heavy footsteps told Clint he was being followed. "...Banner says PRESSURE stops bleeding."
“I got this!” He hissed to Peter, aiming the pistol at the figure coming around the tree.
Grabbing his hands, the brunette stood up and stepped right up next to him, glancing around them again. Now that they were standing, several beachgoers had noticed them and were whispering as they passed by.
“What do you want? Your lost little spider isn’t here.”
"Tony knows his limits," Bruce said grimly, tugging at his arm. It actually took leaning back for him to manage to pull Loki off of the ground, and even then the Jotun had to help him a little. "A-and, if he wants to push them, my being there isn't going to change that."
"Isn't that what a manipulating imposter would say to get me to free them, though?" Bruce looked him in the eyes. He was as exhausted as ever—changing back from the Hulk so fast hadn't given him much time to rest, and he'd been awake working on cures and patching people up all night.
Ooh boy, Steve thought, pressing a hand to his head. Cringing, he cleared his throat.
“Ooh, the gravelly voice is niz-ice!” Wade quipped, actually catching the frisbee when it came back.
“Well, maybe you should lie down in the meantime.” He led Tony back toward the medical beds, hugging him close under his arm.
Growling, Clint plucked the book off his lap and stood, aiming for the back of that punk’s blond head.
The real Hawkeye patted his shoulder, cringing.
“The news often does that, sir,” Jarvis commented wryly.
"Such an ignorant reply," Doom said, irked. "Doom has bested GODS before..." He was leading Cap down a gloomy hallway lined with gargoyles. They turned a corner and Doom pushed open a big door, light spilling out.
“Alright,” Cap agreed, dropping his gaze to the camp fire. “If you two could relieve Thor of guard duty, I’d appreciate it. He’s down on the shore.”
“No you don’t! If I knew that you two hadn’t told anybody yet, I never would have kissed Peter,” Matt groaned. “If you go and do that, they’re really going to be worried about him.”
"Uh. Bruce." Clint stared back at him, eyebrows raising. He put a hand over the other man's. "The sandwich shop closes at midnight... We need to get going."
“You're monologuing agai--” He was cut off by hands grabbing around his throat.
Tucking the card away, Hawkeye leaned on the edge of the bed, giving Loki a dubious look.
“Well, kid, looks like you don’t have to ride in the trunk after all,” he told Peter. Peter laughed, coming over to where Hawkeye was downright scowling into the nearest car’s trunk, and waved into it.
Catching the blushing, Tony instantly leaned forward, eyes widening.
"P-Pepper...?" Tony sputtered, then winced a little. "Ow. Ouch. Haha...y-you're really that old-fashioned? We're not an item...just because she's my s-secretary."
"I do! I'm sorry!" Clint knelt down in front of him, sighing. "It was just a stupid impulse and now this is all awkward and weird." He shook his head.
“Too late,” Tony grumbled, crossing his arms. “If there’s big green problems we don’t know about, we sort of need to.”
Bruce brought a hand up and rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously, glancing at Clint.
"Wait, wait, just talk to me a sec here!" Peter's voice drifted to him from up the stairs by the cars, and he sounded a little panicked. A glance up there told Cap that the kid was hurrying after Daredevil, who was back in his red suit with the mask off and stepping quickly toward the cars.
"My job is all about thinking," Bruce pointed out, looking at him sidelong. "When I'm not working, sometimes I just want to do something mindless." He glanced at the sandwich shop to check if it was open yet. It wasn't.
"Nap time!" As the word registered in Bruce's mind, a powerful slap connected with his cheek.
"I need to know what kind of arrowhead it was first," Bruce said evenly, glancing back at Hawkeye. "Did it have serrated edges? Barbs? Will pulling it out do much damage, or is it more of a sharpened point?"
“Got ya!”
“Sure things, bugs,” Wade said, already heading off down the beach.
Loki was the type who might meddle with them just for the fun of it, but he seemed rather more serious here. Like he had a goal in mind.
“Should we go?” He whispered hurriedly.
“Or ELSE,” Hulk said ominously, smacking a fist into his palm.
Before Tony could muster a reply, the other tent’s door started to unzip and Cap took a long step back. Clint climbed out of the tent, yawning widely.
"Aww, you can smell love? Can you smell tacos, too?"  Deadpool grinned, throwing his arms around Wolverine's neck and rubbing their cheeks together.
“It’s Mr. Stark and Mr. Rogers,” Matt added, sounding worried. Abruptly, he rolled away from Peter’s side.
Before Wolverine could reply, a swift kick connected with his head. As he toppled, he released Peter—right off of the roof top.
"Uh right," Clint said slowly...and a bit sadly. He definitely picked up on Bruce's hesitation. He turned around and pointed to the door. "I think this is the basement." He tried the handle. It was unlocked so he opened it. It led to another hallway.
Thor glanced over his shoulder into the house and then back to them.
"Not much of anything. Cap's off on patrol, who knows where everybody else is. I slept in late and it's been eerily quiet all day. Kinda bored." The archer eyed him tiredly. "Want to go on night patrol or something?"
"Only b-because of you...having your way w-with Clint." Steve muttered, coughing.
"You can't go out there in that condition," Bruce said, looking very tired suddenly. He rubbed at his forehead, his eyes fading back to soft brown, and he sighed. "Splitting up is the problem. We aren't thinking."
"Clint?" Bruce called after him. Surprisingly, even in his spacy state he'd noticed Clint was leaving.
"Tony..." Pepper sighed, then coughed. She sounded exasperated. "He's been in his workshop for days. Who knows when he'll notice we're gone?"
"It was really brave of you to stay behind, but you should've let me," Pepper told Steve, stepping inside the room and coming over to stand beside the blond man. She looked at him sadly. "I would've been okay, Tony wouldn't leave me in a place like that for long."
Thor's expression softened, and he dropped the hammer to the ground, taking Steve's hand in both of his.
"If a little poke hurts, the needle will definitely be worse," he pointed out. "I have to be sure before I stitch the injury up."
Then there were all the other issues. The public opinion and super villains that might use their relationship against them. The political implications of two well known heroes dating and whether that gained or lost favor. Even one kiss would have people screaming in their faces.
"Hey!" The man across the room yelled, pointing the arrow he had in his hand at Loki. "Keep your hands to yourself!" Hawkeye looked genuinely angry. The fool.
It was awesome to hear that Bruce wanted to spend time with him and it actually made Clint blush—which he was ready to claim was a sunburn to save face.
“Good god, DAD, I’m alright!” Clint growled, trying to pull his arm away in vain. Cap was super strong and Clint was super tired. Bad mix.
Loki flicked his finger, scrolling through the latest articles on his phone. It was such a hot miserable day that making mischief would have to wait until after he finished his iced coffee.
With that, he turned and dashed off after the King of Wakanda, adding loudly, "Hey T'Challa, you should play frisbee with us tonight!" It was childish and he knew it, but if Cap was being that careful not to let T'Challa hear their conversation a second ago, he probably wouldn't pursue it further. Or make a scene in front of Tony.
Peter couldn't shake off the feeling that Deadpool was still nearby. The street was busy, as it was a weekend, and they passed many small stores along the way home. It would have been easy for the pesky mercenary to hide in one of the stores and jump them as they passed by.
"Look." He sighed, sitting up and staring Bruce down. "I don't know about you, but I'm hungry, tired and really cold. I won't try anything. I don't want the other guy around right now. I want to hang out with you." He waved a hand at Bruce tiredly and laid back down. "Besides, Tony's rich, he’ll fix whatever the Hulk smashes."
"Sorry dude." Torch hovered over next to him. "I was lookin' for you! Everybody's gone!" The usually upbeat blond actually looked freaked out.
Oblivious to their staring or how uncomfortable Peter was, Wade actually tried to make meatballs.
Clint leaned back on the bench, tucking his arms behind his head.
"Sooo...food, then?" He ventured.
Tony turned quickly and opened his mouth to reply, then saw Pepper and smirked.
"Doom needs no bed," the masked man insisted. "This is a lab."
Dropping his arms to his sides immediately, Cap cleared his throat.
Bruce only shrugged a little in response.
"Oh, good," the redhead said, looking around at the cell roof again. She brought a hand to her mouth and raised her voice. "Tony's going to kick your butt!" Cue lots of coughing afterward.
What was Tony going to say that hadn't already been said, anyway? Confess that he hadn't even thought of anybody else for a long time, that he thought maybe he loved Steve, even? That seemed to be what Steve was waiting for, for Tony to take all of the proverbial armor off and be the vulnerable one and confess first. Either that, or Steve didn't feel the same and wanted to avoid the subject.
"I was about to say the same thing," Bruce admitted. "But you're still bleeding. Let me dress that wound first."
“Hm,” the redhead hummed, tapping his chin like he was thinking. “How is it that one of the men that Peter considers his father figure missed his eighteenth birthday?”
"Ah. Ow. Just a door," Clint muttered, turning to look at him. He could make out Hawkeye's face in the dark, as well as the really worried look he had. All lit dimly in green.
Cap went straight to the kitchen, digging through the fridge. He smiled as he offered Peter a root beer.
Wade stopped in front of Loki, a huge grin plastered on his face.
This whole trip was a mistake, Tony thought fuzzily, trudging past the giggly frisbee players without a sideways glance. If Steve had been avoiding him before, now he wasn't even wanting to sit on the same side of the campfire. They hadn't exchanged a single word all evening. Meanwhile, Bruce and Clint were acting like incredibly dense newlyweds (Tony STILL couldn't tell if Bruce noticed Clint was hitting on him, even after the whole sunscreen thing), and Hank and Jan and Thor needed to get a room. Probably with the hot string bikini-clad woman they'd somehow roped into playing with them on the beach.
Peter gave Clint an uneasy smile as he tapped something on the phone screen.
Clint felt like he knew Hulk pretty well. It was Bruce that had been a mystery to him. How’d he get a crush on a guy that he only saw a couple days a month? That was so stupid.
“Okay, I know Hulk knows this, but Cap only drinks root beer soda when he’s mopey!”
“A lot too much!” Peter said incredulously. It wasn’t like he could blame Thor for the weather if it had gotten this stormy on its own, but since making it storm had been his part of the plan, he should have at least mentioned to somebody that he wasn’t in control of all this. Shouldn’t he have?
"Ha! Maybe as a simple friend!" The Ice Giant sputtered. He laid back down, hissing and holding his side. "The noble captain was frozen for almost a hundred years—I doubt his heart has thawed yet.”
Across the fire, Tony got up silently and walked off down the beach the same way Peter had gone earlier. Maybe he wanted to use his phone, too.
"Sorry buddy." He suddenly turned and jabbed Bruce with it. Crackles of blue electricity lit up the hall as a lot of voltage shot through the small framed man's body.
“You heard the man,” Wade said, stepping over next to Matt. He stuck a hand toward the redhead, wiggling his fingers. “Truce.”
“That sounds excellent, thanks,” Matt replied quickly, following the king to the kitchen. “I was starting to wonder if I was the only coffee drinker around.”
Peter gave Clint a passing smile, but he was still troubled thinking about Cap and Tony. Steve said he knew about Tony's love life, of all of the Avengers. How exactly did he know? It lined up that maybe they were dating each other, and that was bad, because that meant Tony's dating trouble was also Steve's dating trouble. What if they had a bad break up? Would the Avengers do the superhero version of dividing a household in a divorce...?
"What—what happened to you?" He turned and wrung the vest out, slinging it around Bruce's shoulders. "I'm—I'm sorry. This was my fault, dammit."
"What, the reactor? Like anybody who sees me doesn't already know me on sight," he pointed out, smiling. Somehow with his hair wet, his topaz eyes seemed brighter by comparison. It was disarming, having him look up at Steve and smile like that. "Listen," Tony began, as they reached the staircase up to the cabin, "We should--"
Peter whirled around to see the way Clint was looking. The sparkling waters of most of the lake were visible from this high up, and it was a gorgeous sight. He just saw that, though—a gorgeous sight, nothing more.
“I’m not sure where you heard about treasure here, but hiking around sounds fun,” Peter said, shrugging. “Sure, let’s do it!”
"Apology accepted," he told Steve quietly, trying to sound good-natured about it as he gave the big blond a slap on the shoulder. "You know what, I should talk to Clint and Bruce too. Be right back."
Wade pressed his fingers around the arrow, slipping a hand into his back pocket and pulling out the tiniest little pistol Peter had ever seen.
The Hulk was as bored as he was, though the giant green man was unbothered by the heat, and had been entertaining himself by crushing a garden gnome into a fine powder. When Hawkeye peeked down, he could see that the gnome had been reduced to tiny pebbles that Hulk was crunching under his fingertips.
“Matt won’t stop calling me!” Wade announced, flinging the frisbee off over Tony’s head like it was a baseball. The blond jogged over to Peter and showed him his phone, pointing to the screen. “He’s all like ‘why’d you leave me standing here!’”
"Whatever, Skrull," Clint quipped, waiting just inside of the cell door.
“He was on the beach when Steve and Tony paddled out, right?” Bruce had wiped his wet hair back from his forehead and was wringing out the hem of his plain white T-shirt as if they weren’t just going to go back out into the storm. He sighed. “Too bad nobody has a phone on them because phones are technology, huh?”
“Damn you, Logan,” he muttered.
“I do not know, sir,” Jarvis said evenly.
“He didn’t say it like that, but he implied enough. Something about forbidden love for somebody he could never have. Between that and both of us kind of giving up on dating after losing touch with our girlfriends, Thor and I have a lot more in common than I expected.” He paused, looking like maybe he regretted even admitting that much. “…Thor probably only talked to me because he figured I won’t be around much to tell anybody else, so if you could keep that between us, I’d appreciate it.”
"Neither will I,” Cap assured her. “You need to head outside, though. The smoke won’t hurt me." Cap carried her as gently as he could back to the door, laying her just outside where the air was less thick. "Does this place have an upstairs?"
"I'll be back before you know it," he promised, smiling and stepping down the beach toward the mysterious woman. "I should get off the phone--Tony wanted this to be a no-tech vacation so we'd actually hang out with each other. I took the call because it was you, but I think he and Cap need some cheering up. Maybe I'll go pretend to need advice so I can feel them out and figure out what's the matter already." He paused, realizing he was thinking all of that aloud. "Uh, anyway I gotta go. I'll talk to you again soon, okay?"
"Listen, we've got a situation with the Fantastic Four going on," Tony told the other three in the room. "All of them are missing except for Johnny Storm. He's here now, asking us for some help, but we've gotta focus on curing Cap's poisoning first thing."
He sighed and closed his eyes, thinking back on the day. Swimming around with Bruce, drinking with Tony. Checking out that Amazonian babe who insisted on playing frisbee with Thor. She had nailed Thor in the face so many times, the demigod must have been distracted by all the jiggle.
If he didn’t know any better, he’d think that Matt was making eyes at Peter. Which, if he knew Peter liked Wade and was friends with both of them—well, that was a cruel thing to do.
Thank god Cap and Tony weren’t here, Peter thought, tossing another piece of kindling on the campfire. The Avengers co-leaders were people he respected greatly—practically fathers to him, really—but they also were kind of everywhere. Especially in New York City, where Tony’s tech meant he could peek at any security or street camera on a whim.
"SUPER VILLAIN!" Deadpool yelled, rolling back out the door in a blur of black and red.
Leaving them to their plans, Cap went back to making waffles. It was beginning to feel like he was working in a restaurant. Too bad he didn’t have his Identicard to call everyone over to eat.
He seemed a little...off. Something about the way he talked made Pepper's assistant senses tingle.
“You’re right, it isn’t safe for them,” Tony replied dryly, sitting the coffee pot into place and turning to poke at the firewood. Thor was looking after Clint thoughtfully, but knelt down and grabbed a piece of firewood, cracking it into shards with his bare hands.
"To Dr. Banner's room, sir," Jarvis replied.
"If you want." Clint gave a little nod. He made no effort to move though, keeping a firm hand on Bruce's shoulder.
"Hey Jarvis—where's my shirt?" The other Clint shouted up at the roof.
So he hadn't gone and asked yet. He was going to, though—he practically had.
"Sure," Pepper replied, frowning. "Why ask, though, if you're going to ignore my advice? If you're worried about appearances, y-you've got to accept something about people right now...and that's that there's no pleasing everybody. Ever."
“Huh.”
"Wade, right?" He asked pleasantly, out of the blue. "Looks like you didn't find my firewood stash. C'mon, let's grab some." He waved for Wade to follow him.
"You know Tony a lot better than me, Cap. Deep down, you probably already know. If you look at the team, the other person who really seems to be keeping secrets is Clint, though, so maybe..." He sighed. "Maybe that's what all of the over-the-top attention he's faking toward me is about."
“What we SHOULD’VE done was huddle under the kayak. We managed, though. At least nobody got struck by lightning.”
“Careful, now, you’ll cut our weekend short,” he teased. Blowing their cover probably wouldn’t make him pack up and head home, but it sure would cut to the chase about whether anybody was going to flip out and turn green over their relationship.
Tony looked after the two and sighed. At least Clint’s grumbling was predictable and consistent. Who knew how Bruce would react to him and Steve getting engaged? After they told Bruce, they had to get him to transform so they could break the news to the Hulk individually, too. That was the plan, tell each person one by one, and it seemed unfair to consider Bruce and the Hulk the same person when they clearly were not.
Tony probably knew a thing or two about feeling ill, with the state his health was usually in. Not that he tended to brag about that. It was probably the one thing he didn't brag about, actually.
The billionaire smiled weakly and patted his arm.
“Shoot,” Matt told him, idly fidgeting with his walking stick. If Peter didn’t know any better, he’d think the redhead was suddenly nervous.
First, get rid of tackle box, THEN ask if Bruce is into guys.
Who had said that to him before? It had been Peter, hadn’t it? When he described being in love.
“I figured you’d have a problem with it.” Matt gave a small shrug. “I knew sooner or later, if we kept dating, I’d have to meet the two of you. I didn’t plan on it being this weekend, though.”
“Banner still has not returned,” Thor announced, stepping back up from the path to the lake.
Bruce shrugged his shoulders a little, fidgeting with his hair and keeping his arms hugged close to his sides.
"Wrong Clint," the injured archer chimed in, waving a hand. "He's the fake one."
Unlike him, Steve wasn’t standing rigid, braced for impact. He had a hand over his face and was shaking his head and good god—was he crying?
Except, Steve wasn't really paying attention. Usually he was all over a topic if it was a concern for Peter, but he almost seemed to be avoiding talking to Tony at all right now. He didn't honestly believe they were JUST out here for a kayak race, right?
Clint hopped up onto a log and scanned the trees.
"Oookay. Look, I'm going to go talk to Tony. Where did you say he was?"
"We shall celebrate with Chinese and coffee!"
"Did you say TWO of me?"
Tony couldn't help a small smirk at that.
He and Steve had agreed that after Thor secretly met with Loki last night, they really ought to keep an eye on him while he was keeping watch over the Jotun’s camp. If he’d mentioned the earlier chat that would have been one thing, but he’d carefully pretended it had never happened to the Avengers.
Catching the look, Bruce leaned and peeked into the kitchen as he stepped past. He carefully said nothing until they were outside, but turned to Clint immediately when they were.
“We should go make sure Cap and Tony don’t make it to shore!”
"Yeah, he does," Peter admitted. "And yeah...they're the dangerous kind. If you hear who he is you'll probably either have never heard of him or hate him, so maybe we could just change the subject."
With how many handfuls of sunscreen Clint had just slapped onto his back, Bruce could probably just smear it around and cover everything.
“Evening plans?” Hawkeye asked, getting the door for his friend. Even with all the obnoxious colors, Bruce made his new outfit look good. Too bad he had dumped the tank top. He just couldn’t muster guilt over the tackle box. It was a roadblock to getting any closer to Bruce and he was determined to bury the damn thing as soon as he had the chance!
Through all the grumbling and bleeding, it took Clint a moment to notice the other half of Peter’s comment.
"Heeey, looks like the scan's done. Okay, I'm heading back. Hang tight, let Dr. Bruce take care of you."
"Hey!" Johnny went after her. "Where's Cap?"
"Come on. Sit down." He gently pulled on Bruce's shoulder in an attempt to lead him to the medical bed. "Let me play doctor for awhile."
Wade took the frisbee to the gut and actually fell over backwards.
"I can smell it." Logan pointed between them.
The blue eyed man glanced around tiredly, before leaning against the shop's door frame. He rested his head on the beam and stared at Bruce...who had been staring at him.
Steve didn't look at all well, though, and he had this really bad feeling from the way Clint kept looking at him that there was probably more to this whole thing than met the eye.
“…When we talk, really talk, we argue. I’d rather not argue with you,” Cap explained sadly.
Annnd now the Arc reactor was like a big arrow pointing out where Tony was outside. Sighing, he crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against one of the cars. Out across the sand, the ocean was whipping into tall peaked whitecaps, and the dark sky beyond it looked like it went off into forever. The rain was so thick it made it hard to see that far, of course, especially with it running into his eyes.
“Shouldn’t we eat breakfast first?”
“This’s probably going to take them awhile. Want some coffee? I’m thinking I’ll make some.”
"Hold fast to me and Mjolnir will carry us to the mountains."
Steve sat quietly while the computer worked, tired eyes looking over the medical room absently.
Cap sighed. Getting undressed seemed like a lot of work right now. He bent to untie his shoes, but wobbled—ending up on his butt on the ground. He groaned, running a hand through his hair.
Strong but gentle hands caught under Tony’s arms and he was lifted up to stand on his feet in the sloshing waves.
The Hulk snorted, then shook his head without comment.
Tony hugged Steve with one arm in return, slipping the other under his legs and picking him up. Carrying the blonde princess-style, he started for the hallway.
Peter and Johnny were taking bets now on which of the babies—a snarling blond, a dark-skinned brunette and a curly redhead—would take down their own fathers first.
"There aren't even any locks to pick," she sighed.
Clint lowered his bow, suddenly aware of the pinching pain in the back of his arm. If he ripped his stitches one more time, Cap was gonna kill him.
"Hey, are you alright? Can you hear me?"
"I don't wanna get ice-cream," Peter said hastily, holding up both hands. "I really need to be getting home—if Aunt May wakes up and I'm not in my bed, she's gonna have a heart attack."
Bruce did frown slightly at that. Drawing a deep breath, he replied as neutrally as possible, "No. Please don't try something like that again—it won't end well. We can’t keep wrecking Tony’s house."
Slipping from Thor’s arms and taking him by the hand, Loki tried to lead him away.
"Jeez, Jameson, half an hour ago you were calling Cap and all masked superheroes vigilantes," Peter Parker muttered to himself, glancing up at the TV. "You could at least keep your OPINIONS straight, even if you lie on TV all the time!"
“Hey, Cap?” Hawkeye asked from the back, waving a hand between the front seats quickly. “Can you hand me a soda? Bruce fell asleep on our cooler back here…”
“You know...” Cap cleared his throat, looking Tony directly in the eye. Try as he might, his face was flushed. He didn’t want to go through that conversation again. They had to at least get a name from Peter before they could try to trace his boyfriend.
"I am sound of mind," Thor said firmly.
“I don’t know how old he is, but if his healing factor is as good as Wolverine’s…” Cap trailed off, frowning again. “Peter’s dating Wade?”
"And Banner said you were hurt! Sure run fast." Cue a rather ominous rumble of a laugh, and then the heavy thunking sound of the Hulk's feet crunching up the rubble in the hallway. He was chasing after Loki, and rapidly gaining!
"Mr...Deadpool, is it?" She ventured. Jameson was always going on about Spider-Man teaming up with this guy. Spider-Man was a decent person from what she knew, so in theory, so was Deadpool...
“What does it sound like?” He asked, sitting up. “Matt says Peter’s with both him and Wade, and none of them seem to have a problem with it, either. I’m pretty sure Matt’s got no idea he’s with two super-powered people and one of them’s a dangerous mercenary crazy person.” He held up his hands again, scowling. “How the hell did this happen? Last I checked Peter couldn’t even balance dating one person his own age around the Spider-Man stuff!”
"Asshole. Is the other me okay?" They suddenly stepped off of the hallway carpet and onto the hardwood floor.
"Wait. If he managed to lose Thor, then he wasn't here for Thor. Maybe Doom isn’t behind this." He looked over at Bruce for confirmation.
he thought,
"I-I..." He trailed off dramatically, added a little whimper for effect, and clutched weakly at the front of Steve's shirt.
Bruce withdrew his hand, blinking a little and looking past him at the door. Then he looked back at Clint again with a green glow around his vision.
"Cap?" Pepper looked up at him, shading her eyes with the back of one hand and peering out between her fingers. She was sitting on the floor at the bottom of the first flight of stairs, her legs out in front of her, and looked a little rumpled. Steve was pretty sure he'd never seen her without her hair in a ponytail before.
"Oh, wow. You think that’s my girlfriend?" He asked like that might be a pretty huge compliment, even though it was also wrong. Lola was way out of the league of some skinny teenage dude. "Uh, actually, it's a boyfriend that I have." He looked up at Cap to check for any reaction to that. Peter knew Cap pretty well by now, and if there was one thing he was not, it was as narrow-minded as people assumed. They'd never directly talked about things like this, though.
"My allies are not cruel like those you are often in league with," Thor said, rather gently. "And if they were, I would not allow any harm to befall you. You know that my word is good."
"As I said, it didn't hit anything vital. You're lucky."
"The Hulk's gone on a rampage twice in one night—what the hell did you DO?" Tony demanded, turning with crossed arms to stare Clint down. The archer was pretty sure he just wanted to know so he could poke Bruce into Hulking out whenever he wanted, too.
"Master Stark left the Baxter Building and started to return here, but made a detour," Jarvis explained. "Sensor scans revealed a trail of magic residue from the Baxter Building out into the Hudson River. I believe he is following it."
Cap sighed, eyebrows lowering.
"Yep." The merc nodded. "Let's just hope...it's not Chris's blood." After a dramatic pause, he suddenly headed for the stairs.
"Perhaps YOU will be more useful to me."
“Unicorn tastes like confetti cake,” Clint replied, taking another bite. Why they didn’t just call it confetti cake was beyond him. Maybe unicorns were trendy. Swallowing down his ice cream, he lay an arm over Bruce’s shoulders and sighed. “I wonder what the skunk flavor was.”
"Whoa, okay then!" He smirked. "Wow...you sure you're not under s-some..." He paused to cough and wince, clutching his chest. "...G-god of mischief type magic spell or something?"
"Hey, I'll live."
This seemed to make Deadpool extremely pleased, and he pulled Spider-Man up, then into a tight hug with zeal. He smashed Peter's face against his shoulder, rubbing his back cheerfully.
Starting after Deadpool, Clint felt his food sinking in. Why did Cap have to be right about eating before doing stuff?
"Shouldn't be out there alone since Doom's in a kidnapping mood," Hawkeye cut in quickly, clapping a hand on Steve’s back.
It was weird hearing Wade NOT annoyed to be mistaken for Spider-Man for once, but Peter felt kind of warm and fuzzy at the story. Aww, missing him was making Wade try to help people?
"Yeah, Tony. It’s me. What do ya want?" He knew where this was going. Probably to some creepy lab in the mansion that nobody knew about where Tony dissected clones and robots.
A hand caught his arm as Matt hurried to his side, frowning as the thunder growled.
“I don’t think that will be an issue. They’ll be too distracting plotting how to get rid of you-know-who,” Clint muttered to him, nodding in Wade’s direction. “I don’t know anything about Daredevil. The guy’s a recluse. Is he like Deadpool?”
What did it matter? For once, Loki wanted to look like himself while he tricked one of them. It didn’t matter if they were married or involved.
Peter set to work doing so, listening intently.
Hopefully the Avengers hadn’t seen this meeting. Oh, shoot, wasn’t somebody assigned to watch Loki’s camp, even?
Apparently, Cap’s frowning at Wade was too distracting to let him see the frisbee on its return flight—it hit him straight in the eye.
"Hey! No, no, put that away, I'm safe and sound..." He faded out of earshot.
“Talking to him,” the scientist replied, running a hand through his hair. Still looked messy afterward. A little messier, even. “I think this morning was the first one-on-one conversation we’ve ever had.”
Bruce put a hand on Loki's back to support him, looking a bit worried he would fall over backwards.
"Really? You were gone...for so long." Wade sniffled dramatically. "I know the war took its toll, but Spidey, I felt it too! The loss, the pain!" He grabbed the brunette's hand and squeezed it tightly. "You don't have to go through this alone, man!"
“He IS a lawyer,” Tony said dubiously. “Seemed pretty straight with me, though. Besides, you saw how he and Peter greeted each other. Like one of those cliche romance movies where they run in slo-mo and call each other’s names and hold hands. I know you saw him kiss Peter, too.” He shook his head, sighing. “I don’t want to believe it, but I do. We should still have a chat with Peter, though. Matt could get seriously hurt being anywhere near the superhero side of things.”
"Hawkeye! You seem displeased," he observed.
Bruce sighed, going back to pick up his plate before joining Clint on the couch.
The sky flared and thunder made his ears ring. The next thing he saw was a brilliant red cape flowing in the air in front of him as the demi god descended to land in front of him.
"What people say is not always the truth," the demi god said rather sadly. "Some claim that only mortals have souls. Do you think me soulless, too, friend?"
Now that HAD to be code for something. Who put spaghetti in a sandwich? Bruce fidgeted nervously as the lights in the shop dimmed down, shadowing both of their faces dramatically.
He stepped into the room and led Cap inside as well. It was a lab of some kind, with beakers boiling on burners lining the walls and some sort of examination table in the middle. The straps on it made it look like Doom was trying to play Frankenstein.
“Dude, the title is ‘Persuasion!’”
“Nope! I’m good!” Wade chuckled, launching the frisbee back to Peter.
"Tony said he had to get back to Captain America," he added, looking at the other Clint. "Where is he? Did he get hurt—is he in his room?"
"How about lightning?" Clint suggested, making a little wave over his head, like Thor did with his hammer.
“Hm?” The blond croaked, squinting up at Bruce through an eye. He chewed for a moment and scooted to sit up. “What?”
"Give me back my bow," Loki insisted, knowing it was pointless.
"We are, and we aren't," Bruce sighed, watching him shuffle the cards. "I mean, we're different forms of the other. The only thing I'm immune to is gamma radiation--otherwise I can get hurt or sunburned or whatever else and it just doesn't seem like it, because turning into Hulk heals up whatever happened." He smiled wryly. "Thanks to this vacation, this will probably be the longest-lived sunburn I've had since the gamma bomb incident."
Thank god, indeed, he thought. Right now, they needed to focus on the task at hand. They could worry about Peter once they got back to New York.
"Secret—NO!" He shook his head. Wait. Wait. If this Clint man was as trampish as it seemed he was, Loki could really throw things up in the air if he led several Avengers on—no! This was Thor. THOR.
"...Crispy and perfect!" Clint grinned, making a little squiggle in the air to symbolize bacon. At long last, he reached for the sandwich shop door and pulled, but it didn't budge. He stared at it, then up to the sign, horror on his face. "W-what? Oh come on!"
Thor sighed.
"I'll take that as a YES!" The merc grabbed Peter, trying to pull him into the cab through the front window. "Woo, wieners!"
This time he just smiled, though, and agreed easily, "Good thinking--we'll know where everything is, even if everybody else has to go hunt for the flags on sight. Oh, uh..." he nodded over at Matt, raising an eyebrow. "Is he gonna be able to do that?"
Tony took the handkerchief out of his pocket and placed it on the table, ordering Jarvis to analyze it. The computer ran quite a few tests and listed out the detected ingredients in the substance on the cloth.
“Are there a lot of bugs at the beach?”
"The whole building's going up, can you move?" He said to the person, coughing from the smoke as he came closer. It was odd to be coughing, but he didn’t have time to think about it.
Would it be strange for Cap to remind Peter that the Avengers are like a family? They cared about him, especially Steve and Tony. It hadn’t been too much of a stretch when he told Wade that they were Peter’s parents. It really felt like that sometimes. Like when he and Tony were arguing over the way the media talked about Spider-Man, or Tony setting aside a college fund for him.
Peter sighed and glanced at him. WHY did he smell like perfume? Wait, was that MJ's perfume? He quickly looked back up at the sky, trying to think of a way to leave now that the obligatory hot dog eating had concluded.
Disturbed from his nap, T’Challa sat up abruptly, clutching his book and looking around.
Tony nudged Steve’s side.
"Now STAY."
"Thanks?" Tony arched a brow as he took the cup, smiling at the blond. Clint had been sitting with Bruce up until now, but the scientist had moved over to sit by Cap and Peter. Had he gotten bored that quick? Speaking softly so that the others wouldn't overhear, he commented, "You seem like you're a lot more excited about a vacation than you were when we first got here. I noticed you and Bruce spending half the day together--probably related, huh?" Tony took a tiny test sip from the cup, and wow that was a lot of tequila...
“My baby is immune to corruption. Oh yeah! It’s one of his super powers!”
"Hang in there pal, you're sounding a little faint," Tony said, trying to sound lighthearted and snarky as usual. It was difficult this time. Steve was in bad shape, and after all of the comments Clint—the shirtless one—had said earlier about Doctor Doom, all manner of god-awful things could have been going on while Tony was gone.
“Well, the sun’s back, but I’m not sure I want to stay much longer. I actually miss technology,” Cap said, bewildered by his own words. Though Peter spotted the small smirk Cap gave Tony after the comment. “What do you say, Tony?”
"Okay, the signal's coming from the middle of the castle, probably down in some dungeon straight out of medieval Europe," Tony told Carol nonchalantly, hovering to point—as if 'middle of the castle' wasn't clear enough or something.
"What?! But I'm Hawkeye!" Clint protested loudly, outright struggling now. Steve grabbed him and shook his head.
"You think of me...as like YOU? You wish!" He put his arms out, too, mirroring Loki's gesture. "Everybody wants Tony Stark—s-some of them just won't admit it. Yet."
Clint thought to himself over and over, making his way down to the beach. Cap was right about the sunscreen, but Hawkeye had a more important task on his mind; hiding that damned tackle box.
"That's w-what he told us too, but h-he still isn't back," Steve told him.
Wade leaned over the edge to watch him.
"Ooh, yay. Not really our thing, but hey. Glad to help,” the archer added.
Peter braved a peek over his shoulder.
“I’m making coffee. Wanna get the fire lit and speed that along?”
"..." Bruce looked up at him, setting the pants down on top of the vest. He held up a hand. "Come here a second."
Calling to Thor would be pointless. Cap's voice was weak enough without yelling constantly. He waved his arms over his head instead. The demigod probably was too busy summoning lightning to notice, but it was worth a try.
Well, the change in accent sure was weird. Peter paused a moment to see if his Spider Sense was setting off any alarms. It wasn't, though; there was no tell-tale tingle coming from the base of his skull this time. He wasn't usually this suspicious, but with Aunt May along he couldn't be too careful—especially since there was nowhere to change into his Spider-Man outfit inside a taxi with his aunt right there.
Since he’d been pulling pretty hard, he realized the weight was gone a second too late. The result was crashing face-first into Wade’s chest, arms and legs wrapping around him like a koala.
“Really? Out of that w-whole speech, THAT'S what you took from i-it?” Steve sighed. "W-what I mean is, if w-we had that ch-chance—" He stopped himself, rubbing his forehead and groaning. "It would b-be a horrible idea a-anyway."
“THOR? Why would Thor be out…” Deadpool trailed off, hand with the webbed up gun reaching back to rub his neck. “That was totally Thor breaking that tree. Huh. Didn’t recognize him without the cape.”
Amora gasped and frowned.
“Stay your hand, Hulk—and you, Hawkeye. Have we not had a tiring enough day without decimating our camp with petty fighting?” Getting scolded about wanting to jump into a brawl was rich coming from Thor of all people… Turning to Loki, the big blond added, “Your mortal friends must wonder where you’ve gone. Take your book and return to your camp, brother.”
"Aye-aye, Cap," he said, trying to lighten up. Seriously, was it the tropical air? Everybody was so sad tonight, and bothered, and apparently gay. Taking a seat again, Peter resolved to try and cheer Cap and Tony up tomorrow if they were still glum. Maybe they wouldn't be. Maybe Cap would give Tony one of those legendary inspiring speeches and everything would be perfect again soon.
“Tony? Tony, it’s after five. We should get up. Tony?”
“If it concerns Bruce it DOES concern the Hulk.”
"Like I said—not ready to meet the parents yet, babe." The hallway was better lit now. Some of the lights were back on, but on a dim setting. Deadpool saw the melted open door and peeked in. Pepper had to lean around Deadpool to see inside.
"Put it on Stark's tab," Bruce mumbled, sounding glum.
Waiting until they had flown out a bit, Cap pressed a quick kiss to Tony’s cheek before heading out.
“Cornering me,” Matt told him drolly.
"There's a fight out there."
There was talking from the entrance hall; it sounded like Peter and Johnny were returning.
There was a small kitchen to the left of the door and a living room to the right. The kitchen had boldly striped blue and white curtains and dishtowels which matched the couch and love seat set in the living room.
Quirking a brow curiously at that reaction, Bruce pointed at his neck.
“Does Matt know about Peter’s other life?” He asked, trying to recall if the redhead had said anything about it.
Hawkeye ignored him, also turning to dig through the cabinets.
"A volcano in New York?" Peter stepped a bit closer, leaning over one of Wolverine's arms to look at Deadpool dubiously. "C'mon, what did you really do with it? You were asking me earlier if I had any spare tires for a Harley."
“Thank you,” Clint heard Cap say to Tony.
Loki stirred, rolling his head at the sound of Tony's voice. His green eyes opened slowly at first, but then he flinched at the sight of the Hulk.
"I can smell," the Hulk retorted. "And I'm not blind, there's blood all over you." He stepped inside the medical room and placed Loki onto the sofa there as carefully as he could. What he planned to do was anybody's guess; Loki was pretty sure the Hulk's medical knowledge only went as far as where to smash people to break their bones or burst their organs or some such nastiness...
Bruce looked up at the roof distantly.
"Go home and take a hot shower?" Bruce suggested sleepily, very close to dozing off on his shoulder as before. It was warmer under the vest than outside, and the sound muted away.
A splash sounded to his left, and he heard Bruce mumble something about seaweed, sounding uneasy.
"For a minute, you sounded like you meant it," Bruce said quietly, running his fingers through his hair to get more of the dust out of it. He wiped a smudge across one cheek by accident with the back of his hand, looking at the floor in front of him. What a mess.
If nothing else, at least they'd accomplished this much. They knew who the real Clint was, and they had a cure for Cap. Hopefully it actually worked.
For a few minutes, the sounds of the storm filled the air. The waves crashed and rolled, thunder rumbling, rain splashing and splattering on the kayak top with every gust of wind. Finally, Tony’s voice came from under the kayak.
Thor had placed Loki—who still looked like Clint's identical twin at the moment—onto a medical bed, and was binding his wound carefully. Judging by the skill, either Asgardians got hurt a lot in battle, or Thor had had a very long time to master basic first aid.
"HEEEEY!" Wade yelled, running after him. "Why's everybody running away? Was it something I said?"
"Do not underestimate Doom," the masked man said darkly. "However, we will not fight today, Asgardian. Instead I offer to trust in you as you have in me by revealing yourself."
“That means hand to hand. You know that, right?” Matt asked, turning to frown at Wade.
“Aww, but there’s plenty of room in there, look—I rode in with Dr. Banner’s tacklebox, I could keep it company on the way home,” he joked. Wait, hadn’t they had a whole talk about giving the tacklebox to Bruce when they’d first arrived? How was it still in the trunk? Come to think of it, Peter hadn’t seen any fishing going on the whole trip…
Whoa. Where did that come from? That sounded surprising friendly…maybe even flirty.
Steve dropped the cord, feeling horrible.
After shoving the bag at him, Peter immediately got out the first aid kit and went to work peeling off Clint’s old bandage, dabbing at the stitches with some fresh gauze. “Sooo…”
"It's a pretty big scrape, but shallow--nothing too serious," he concluded, moving the other hand to feel the other side of Clint's face. It almost felt nice, if not for the fingers poking at his jaw and then moving to do the same to his neck.
"Scanned 'em and they are," he said in bemusement. Glancing at Steve, he added quickly, "REALLY fast. Like, not even five minutes, because I had to get back and save you and all that."
"It's all for the cause."
“We know,” Cap said, giving Peter a half hug before stepping over to give Clint a hand up.
Hiding his surprise, Cap nodded.
"I wish. I feel like I'm in a 50s horror movie...this place is in bad taste," the redhead commented tactfully. She then went back to coughing.
Bruce shook his head.
“How’d you end up in the lake? I thought you were hiking,” Cap wondered, glancing between the three of them.
"Yeah. Wait. What? There's another other me?!" The blond grabbed Bruce's arm with both hands.
"We went to get sandwiches," Clint said honestly. He would just leave out the part about kissing Bruce while he was naked. "I think the lightning spooked him."
“Yup. He’s good. Thanks for coming,” Tony told him, turning and starting back toward the house.
Bruce was in the exact same predicament, hair hanging in his eyes. He gave Clint's hands a little squeeze and smiled sheepishly.
“That’s good, because I wasn’t talking to you, sour puss,” Wade shot back, gesturing to himself. “I was talking to ME.”
“You sure we’re talking about the same Peter, here? I’m Tony, by the way,” he said suddenly, smiling. “And this’s Steve.” He did not hold out his hand, probably because the man wouldn’t have been able to see it anyway.
"And whatever you've heard about Daredevil, that's probably exaggerated too," Peter added, frowning. "He's a vigilante, but technically so am I. You realize that, right?"
"Well ya don't have to be a jerk about it," Peter grumbled, stepping up to the edge of the roof. "It's not like I took it or anything. Meet me at the bus stop." He hopped off the edge and started for his house.
Distracted by these thoughts, Bruce let Clint lead him to the other door—the one Thor wasn't keeping an eye on—without any more protests.
It had been nearly an hour since Tony had flown off with the others. Clearly Thor hadn't met him halfway with the Arc reactor or anything strategic like that. Go figure, Steve was the strategist of the Avengers.
"Where can the captain and the disembodied gauntlet be?"
"Don't worry, sir—I'll have you out in a second."
"Hey look big guy! Something to smash!"
Steve ducked past him, bending to pick a shirt out of his duffel. It was a plain white t-shirt.
A burning office building was shown on screen, with Captain America charging inside. Next it cut to a shot of Cap and Hawkeye climbing into a yellow taxi. The woman reporting spoke in that usual reporter tone, over emphasizing everything.
Loki snickered to himself, imagining the look on Thor’s face. His stepbrother could be so much fun.
"Huh? Yeah." Clint nodded, his face flushed. "Just spacing out." He shrugged, looking anywhere other than Bruce.
“A splendid idea,” Thor said cheerfully, holding up his hand. Mjolnir came flying to it in seconds, and Thor wrapped an arm around Loki’s waist. “Now I can truly show you the sights of Midgard.” Whirling the magic hammer in the air, he called to the others, “We shall see thee again at the mansion, friends!”
Nodding, the shirtless one looked at him sidelong.
“Seriously?” Matt asked him in a whisper. “What if it’s a love spell or something?”
Clint stared. Yup, that was Cap. He was raking sand into a big pile with a piece of driftwood.
"Why are you wearing a tracking bracelet? That's Tony's tech, isn't it?" Bruce leaned over close to him to see the device without actually grabbing Clint's hand and pulling it closer. He blinked.
Outside, the storm had continued to rage, splashing huge raindrops into Pepper's eyes. The shield outside was still up, but it seemed weaker than before. A blur of red caught her eye just over the fence. Someone was out there.
He glanced at Steve sidelong and sighed as they stepped into the cabin--and back to the sound of people talking and dishes clinking as the other Avengers dished out spaghetti. How did a vacation have any right to be this stressful?
Eying the gold letters, Clint quirked an eyebrow and sipped on his coffee.
"You okay?" Clint came in, blanket wrapped around his shoulders still. He came over and leaned on the counter beside Bruce.
Clint stared at him, blinking slowly.
“Did I hear my name?” Wade came charging down the hallway to join them, a sloshing mug of hot chocolate in hand. “Thor fixed the weather, just FYI. Yep. Mission Stoggers can continue!”
"Do you know if any of the Avengers are interested in each other besides Hank and Janet?" Bruce asked, fidgeting. It sounded like what he really wanted to ask was if any of the Avengers were queer, but most of them were male, so without Jan that was practically asking the same thing.
Shrugging, the black-haired man put the other blanket on top of the first and tucked the edges in around Steve's shoulders as well. "I'm gonna go check on Pepper and then see how Bruce's doing. Tell Jarvis if you need anything, even a sandwich or something, okay?"
"What news do you bring of our comrades?!" Thor rumbled.
"You have any idea how many people that is? Spider-Man is famous for being the friendly neighborhood hero, Cap. And his villains are nut-jobs--they better not even be thinking about dating him." He wrinkled his nose at whichever villain he must be thinking of right then.
"Pizza time!"
Tony came over and put one of the blankets over him, tucking it in around his shoulders. He paused there and added dubiously, "You're gonna sleep fully dressed? Your clothes probably still smell like a dungeon."
Releasing the breath he had been holding, Cap gave Tony a quick hug. It was a Thor moment. It would probably be too much for some of the team members if Thor AND Steve started hugging everyone, but the thought of losing Tony hurt too badly not to this time.
“Huh?” Wade turned to look at Peter too, his blue eyes widening with excitement. “Is that Matt?” Darting over, the blond practically bowled Peter over as he started shouting at the phone. “Hey double Ds! Miss you! Smoochies!”
Thor placed him on his feet carefully, keeping a hand on his back like he might topple over again at any moment. The thunder god didn't appear embarrassed at all by the situation, but he definitely noticed Loki’s form's flushed face, judging by his expression.
"Okay," he said finally. Not his most intelligent comment ever, but it got the point across, and the awkward silence was broken.
Why did Steve get the feeling Doom didn't expect Tony to be able to come up with an Arc reactor very fast?
"Well, it depends on whether Matt stays. If he does, we've got the right number of people to pair them up into teams," he explained hopefully. "It kind of felt like I didn't bring anything to the vacation, so last night I used up the last bit of my phone's battery searching for ideas, and..." He looked at Cap to gauge how favorable his reaction was, suggesting, "Kayak flag race? Two people in each one, and they have to go grab all the flags on the map, any order they want. No flying or tech or web shooters, just two people who have to paddle together to move."
"Hawkeye, is the Hulk there AGAIN?" It was Tony, and he sounded annoyed.
"I'm not bad," Peter said cautiously, glancing at him. Leaning in, he whispered, "Do you feel left out because you can't get drunk like Tony and Hawkeye? Don't feel bad, I can't get drunk either."
"He broke into the wrong house." Johnny shook his head knowingly.
The idea of Hawkeye and Hulk being an item had never occurred to Steve. They seemed to be friends from what he could tell, though they certainly bickered. What couple didn’t on occasion, though? Perhaps it was more that Hawkeye was with Hulk’s softer side, the brilliant Bruce Banner.
Doctor Doom turned in a swoosh of green cloak and headed to one of the countertops that didn't have chemicals cooking on it, moving something glass around. Cap heard liquid being poured.
Hulk shrugged and easily picked Clint up, placing him on one massive green shoulder.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but can’t you fly? Maybe we should…go on ahead.”
"If I stick this in your arm and get a bunch of hydraulic fluid, I'm not gonna be happy," Tony told the black-clad Clint, holding up the syringe and raising an eyebrow. "I need a sample from YOU because you were exposed to the same gas as Cap, and I need to compare your sample against his. It's just a blood drawing, don't be a baby."
“Is that Matt?” Tony jumped to his feet, alarmed.
"Both Deadpool and Spider-Man were later spotted near where the Hulk went on his rampage, angering the beast for fun! Citizens, I ask you—where are the Avengers to stop these villains? Where are the Fantastic Four? The X-men? But I know the truth! They are working WITH them!"
Well THAT was reassuring. Spider-Man was about to comment, but then tilted his head the other way, looking around Wade and up to the sky.
With an angry grunt, Wolverine dropped Deadpool's arm. The merc stirred, groaning loudly.
“I hope Wade made coffee, too.”
"I've got nothing," Bruce replied honestly, sighing. "I'm too tired, I can't think anymore." Judging by the crazy amount of rain dumping on their heads all of a sudden, it was most likely normal thunder.
"O-okay, I remember, I remember..."
“Nah, that’s bugs’ spot. I go all over the place! Hell’s Kitchen, Latveria, Japan—you name it, I’ve shot someone there!”
The Hulk turned, too, and was already starting in that direction. Clearly whoever had come in could get the door open just fine, which meant that it had to be Cap and Hawkeye, or...that the shield was down.
"It's not his fault, Cap," he said sadly. "It's me, I'm the one who doesn't want to go public. I guess...that's pretty horrible, huh? Especially if you think so." He sighed and sat the rest of the s'more down on a nearby candy bar wrapper, poking at it.
“You know, that’s not a bad idea, young man.” Dropping her tote back under the umbrella, she slipped her cover up over her head and tossed it aside, starting off the beach confidently. She braided her hair as she walked, not bothering to tie it off.
"How should you know? You're not even out of your teens," he told his big green alter ego under his breath.
"Um. Are you saying you want me installing SHIELD tech in your roof?"
"Didn't go right for a long shower after all, huh?"
"Yeah, but this roof's pretty wet, and it's cold," he said, hoping to hint that he needed to go home and get warm in bed.
"Oof!" Deadpool landed, almost falling over Peter.  He looked around, at last releasing Spider-Man. "Why're we walking?"
Bruce easily fell into step beside him, keeping hold of one of Clint’s hands. He was still smiling, shaking his head.
Reading the sign, Clint dropped a twenty dollar bill on the counter of the stand. The perky looking high school kid attendant hurried to get them a metal detector, smiling at Clint with big sparkly eyes.
“I’m not here to fight,” he clarified, holding up the book. “I got what I came for and I’m leaving!”
"Hey, Clint..." Bruce said, pulling his attention back to the present. He was looking at Clint thoughtfully, brown eyes scanning over his neck and shoulders.
“So, um, we’re pretty sure the tree through our tent was something Dr. Banner did. Or, you know, the Hulk,” he began awkwardly. “I-I don’t think he did it on purpose, but it still feels kinda personal. Do you think Wade or I did anything to make him angry?” Hey, so far everything he’d said was true. Ridiculous, but true. Not that Peter thought Bruce had anything against them. If anything, he probably just felt bad for accidentally shooting Wade in the lung with an arrow. Awkward first meeting…
Unwrapping the very bloody gauze from around his waist, Loki curled his lip at the gruesome sight below it. What in the world did Stark make that arrow out of? He smeared off as much blood as he could. The little alcohol disinfectant wipes stung horribly and smelt awful. Dropping red soaked wipes back into the bag and placing a handful of gauze over the hole in his side, he started wrapping himself up again. It took a lot of focus for such a simple task. His head had that floaty feeling once more.
The teen knew who it was even before he glanced and saw the man's bushy black sideburns. He raised an eyebrow and smirked.
Tony sat up in the hammock, sighing and running his fingers through his mussed hair. First a lot of rain and then rolling around in bed meant that it was kind of a curly mess. Whatever.
"Who is this Jane Foshter?" Doom loomed over him, his scowly face mask about two inches from Clint's nose. "Tell me!"
From somewhere up the hill, the cracking of trees sounded in the distance. Tony sighed, sipping his coffee. It was a toss up whether that was the Hulk or Loki, but his bet was on the Hulk based on the direction.
"Sure," Bruce said easily, glancing up and down the beach. As if finding a spot without other people was even possible right now.
The blond stared at the hand offered to him like it was a snake.
"Okay, Clint, I'm not sure why you're really apologizing to him, but I'm pretty sure it's not why he thinks." He turned around, reaching for his T-shirt again with a smile lingering on his face. Bruce didn't smile a whole lot, and it was kind of nice. Except for the part where Hulk thought that apology meant something weird, and Bruce totally overlooked how brown hair and brown eyes looked like HIM.
Clint gave him a smug grin.
He felt like an idiot. Of course Steve was bad at talking about this. It was easy to forget when looking at handsome, well-spoken Captain America, but Steve probably had no idea what he was doing at relationship anything. Was Tony pressuring him?
“Thanks for the help,” the man said, still smiling as he started off, walking stick tapping the ground in front of him.
The woman at the coffee machine offered Peter a cup.
Tony blinked, looking her over for the first time and taking in the drenched hair and clothes, torn pants-suit, and bloodied knee and elbow.
Sandwiches...that was how this whole thing started.
"How about some water?" Pepper coughed, sounding rather tired now.
“You sure? Okay.” Peter pulled out some more gauze on a roll and wound it carefully around Clint’s arm to wrap the piece he held into place. Tying the ends, he used a bit of medical tape to be sure it stayed put. Poor Hawkeye—getting dragged up the mountain by him and Wade couldn’t be much fun while wounded. “I’ve got some painkillers in here, if you want ‘em,” Peter offered sheepishly.
Sandwiches? That was the big draw to sneaking out of the mansion...? Bruce glanced around at the dimly-lit garden and stepped lightly through it like he was trespassing on somebody else's property. The lights of the city glowed in the buildings overhead, and somewhere in the distance, the constant hum of the traffic was almost relaxing.
Normally there wasn't any resistance involved with a needle THAT sharp, Clint thought, squinting at his duplicate’s arm.
"Wow," Peter said, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "Uh, I guess if all of this underhanded sabotage is for their sake, I can lie to Cap and Tony about what we're up to. I've got an idea about the planting flags thing, though. What if THEY have to plant the flags for us to collect?"
Loki scoffed, sinking down in his chair a bit more. Despite that, he looked bothered as he stared down at the burned out campfire.
Matt. Right, that was the guy’s name. He had been wearing a red suit when he arrived and since he could apparently hear through walls, Clint assumed he was another super person. Which helped explain how he got around so normally, despite the blind blue eyes staring at him right then.
Tony blinked and turned back around to face him fully, crossing his arms.
"Unless you want to help me," Loki added with a shrug.
"W-where's Tony?" Captain America wheezed, wobbling.
"Yeah..." Bruce agreed absently, making a beeline for the bench again. When he reached it, he sat down and leaned back, looking up at the stormy gray sky. Now he was confused. Was Clint the one acting odd, or was it him?
“You talkin’ smack about bugs?” Wade said, puffing up his chest. “I’ll throw YOU off this cliff! Bugs is the best!”
"I-it's like the fish are mocking us," he managed after a moment, wiping a tear from his eye. "I'm sorry, are you okay? Who knows where that hook has been."
“Come, my love, we haven’t a moment to waste.”
"Clint? Hawkeye?" She placed a hand on one of his, looking around quickly for any sign of anyone else.
Bruce sighed, but let himself be led along. Getting anywhere near the straps on the bed made him uneasy, but he didn't think he had better complain after keeping Clint restrained in them just a few minutes ago. Besides, the Hulk could easily rip through straps like those, he assured himself. They were just leather.
"You steal her again, I'll make you into coleslaw." Wolverine shrugged his hand off.
“No, no! That’s alright! We can stay here. And-and make…out! We can make out!”
He heard soft footsteps suddenly. Surprisingly close.
Looping an arm around Tony’s waist, Steve rocketed them away in the smooth water.
"Truly, friends, you are identical," Thor informed them, looking amused. "And there is no shame in a distinct profile. Framed by such eyes, noses such as yours make for a truly handsome visage."
"If you and the other Hawkeye act the same, yes, you were going to."
“Clint, wait,” Cap stopped him with a hand on his chest. “Please put on some sunscreen.”
Peter patted Matt’s arm before letting go of it, stepping around the campfire to stand closer to Tony.
"Dude! I hate that guy!" Deadpool said loudly, dragging Peter along with him as he split away from the crowd. "So, how about we go apartment hunting, then?" He gave Peter's shoulder another squeeze. "Eh, BUB?" Wade said mockingly.
Clint looked so enthusiastic that it seemed like it would be bad to interrupt him, so Bruce just stood there and let him talk about all his favorite sandwiches. Occasionally he'd glance back at the restaurant in some vain hope that Clint would notice and follow his gaze and realize the place was closed for the night and there were no spaghetti and enormous meatball sandwiches to be had...
Taking the coffee carefully, Matt smirked at him.
“Cap, seriously, I’m alright.”
Thor. Where had that blond buffoon gone?
"Stop it," Hulk growled. He probably sounded a lot angrier than he really was...right? Probably. The big green Avenger proceeded to tuck Loki into the crook of his arm, cradling the blonde so that he was laying back and not pressing on his wound too much. "Cupid's hurting himself. Banner says you need a doctor again."
"He just so happens to be a Spider-Man fan, really? And he used a tracking device to find him? C'mon, Cap. He's waving all sorts of red flags, here! He's ripped enough to be a super-something, and I don't like that one bit."
Thor brought a big hand up to brush one of her dark curls away from her cheek and tuck it behind her ear, smiling at her fondly.
Peter hadn’t realized he’d been looking glum until he got called on it. Now he shifted in his seat uncomfortably and took an extra long drink of coffee to avoid answering. He couldn’t just out Matt as Daredevil without his permission. Heck, Cap and Tony were probably being so nice to him because they didn’t know about the whole ‘blind Catholic ninja vigilante boxer’ side…
Tony remembered more of the evening before than he let on, too, and Steve had given him a piggyback ride back to the cabin. Besides being disgustingly cute, that was just...not 'avoiding you' behavior even slightly. Talk about mixed signals.
He’d added two layers of chocolate. Peter deserved it after being trapped in a car trunk for 10 hours.
Bruce gave them both a small nod in greeting and ate his ice-cream, probably to avoid joining the conversation. Thor and the Hulk had exchanged blows and snarky comments many a time in the past, but Clint couldn't recall many times Bruce had talked directly to Thor. And yet, Bruce had probably been listening to those talks with the Hulk. What a weird thought.
What could they have to talk about that they needed to go off alone for, and why did it have to be in such a romantic setting? He cursed his vacation spot choice, and suddenly wished he'd chosen somewhere with snow. "Of course, I could be wrong and you see a side of our dear Dr. Banner that he doesn't show to the rest of us."
"Okie dokie, guess this's goodbye, then. Thanks for the food."
"We have to do something, though," Pepper said anxiously. "Hawkeye is..." She looked at the door the archer had disappeared through and bit her lip. "I really hope he has a plan besides just buying us time."
“Whoa!” Peter charged down the slope after him, diving over the edge with no clue what was beyond it. Judging by how the Spider Sense tingled, he couldn’t just let Clint fall—
Bruce took a bite of his rainbow ice-cream and gave Clint a sideways look, arching a brow.
Wade let go of Peter and even offered him a hand up before darting into the kitchen. He slid on the tile, catching himself on the counter to stop beside Cap.
"...We must return to Banner as quickly as possible. Come, friend, we have much to discuss," he told Hawkeye, turning and hurrying into the house.
"Tony." Steve placed his other hand on top of the one that still held Tony's. "You know t-that I..." He cringed and stopped himself again.
"I learned that a long time ago, Miss." Slowing his pace he sighed again. "We both know that Tony isn't the marrying kind and I'm not even sure he's, er, interested in men," he said quietly, just in case someone was in the hall. “We're close friends. Is it possible that you're reading him wrong?”
“Sorry,” he mumbled, rubbing his forehead. “I know it’s a strange question. Don’t worry about it.” The first avenger leaned and grabbed the big plastic plate with all the s’more fixings on it and offered it to Peter. “Please tell me the truth, Peter—your girlfriend is your age, right?” Not so subtly, Cap nodded to the woman in the green bikini, who was busy nailing Thor in the face with the frisbee.
So, the first Avenger or the heartless playboy?
“So, Matt, have you known Peter long?”
Bruce moved to run his fingers through his hair again, but brushed against his stubble on the way there. He rubbed his chin in slight alarm, replying faintly, "I-I forget."
"He's looking for you," Pepper added to Cap, clarifying.
It was really tough to tell what Steve was thinking, but he'd definitely been distant lately, avoiding any in-depth talk about life with Tony. He WAS from the 1940s, maybe gay things made him uncomfortable. If Tony had a chance to find that out while talking about OTHER people making him uncomfortable, that was a hell of a lot better than making Steve uncomfortable by asking if he himself was interested in men.
"He's coming back on his own?" Tony sounded surprised. "Alrighty then...I'll clear a path for him. Hey, is Hawkeye with him?"
Bruce looked up at him, but said nothing. Whether he believed the excuse or not, Clint seemed to understand that he was trying to put some space between them. What was frustrating was that now Bruce almost wished the blond would come sit beside him again. Or that he'd stayed asleep when he'd dozed off before.
Bruce went to shove his hands into his pockets, then realized the swim trunks didn't have any. He lowered his hands back down, shifting from one foot to the other a bit.
Hulk grumbled something under his breath, glancing back at the camp. Peter had moved back over to stand with Matt and Wade, talking to them and waving a hand around. Tony was standing near Steve, looking like he could really use a drink, and Thor was dutifully marching down to the lake to keep an eye on Loki’s camp.
Clint sighed. Getting abducted hadn’t been part of his plans today. They were probably going to have to fight their way out.
Aw, man. Cap's reasons to yell at him were piling up fast.
Bruce mumbled something and stuck his hands in his pockets, turning abruptly to walk around behind the bench. Really, he just needed something to do—standing there felt very uncomfortable with Clint's sharp eyes watching him. He circled around the bench before stopping and checking his watch.
"Uh, yeah." Hawkeye took several steps back. Hopefully Bruce didn't mistake it for a heavier storm and crawl under a log.
The captain turned back and started to unload the cooler into the fridge, adding to Bruce, “Can you tell Clint to bring his cooler back?”
The card was waved away, though.
"Unless Doctor Doom did something to him so that needles bend off of his skin, making him look suspicious so we'll side with you. You could be a doombot."
He paused and squinted like he was actually trying to remember.
Great, he thought darkly, his shoulders slumping.
The rush of water was deafening now, and Peter spun through open air, trying to right himself enough to locate Hawkeye. He glimpsed the archer’s blond hair a split-second before cold water flooded over him. The lake! They’d just fallen into the lake!
“Yeah?” Trying not to look as nervous as he was, Clint stopped chewing his lip just as he dumped the cards all over the floor. Rubbing his neck, he sighed and looked at Bruce anyway.
No. He wasn’t going to resort to arguing with Deadpool.
"Just walk that way like five blocks." Hawkeye pointed.
"...I really liked it, but I had to pull it out of his mouth." The merc paused for air.
"Clint told me they're together the other night," he said, playing it cool and talking about their teammates instead of the fact that they themselves needed to have an honest conversation.
“Oh yeah! I forgot to tell you guys! Birdman and the skinny guy went back to keep watch. In case Cap and Tony make it back to shore.” Wade explained, stuffing his fingers between Matt’s to hold his hand.
Bruce sat up quickly, eyes widening.
"D...epends," he gritted out, "Wh-why...you're helping..."
The moment Hawkeye said that, a blur of red shot down from above.
“I hope you aren’t hungry!” Cap called after him threateningly.
Sitting up with a tiny travel packet of ibuprofen, Peter raised an eyebrow at them both.
"Oh... Uh, right, sure," Peter said sheepishly. "I didn't really bring any spare clothes or anything, I kind of jumped onto the car with the tackle box and that's it..."
Cap had to admit, they really didn’t need to restrain Clint. He was too injured to do anything anyway.
"Hey. Evil me. Don't die. You're makin' me look bad,” he heard Hawkeye say.
"Lightning, really?" Tony arched an eyebrow. "C'mon, he's not scared of THOR'S lightning."
“There’s a good spot.” He led the way across the sand, keeping watch for anybody who might startle Bruce. Joggers, kids, crabs. If the Hulk came out, Tony might cut the week short.
"Then how come YOU are acting so weird and dragging Bruce around?" Tony said coolly. "Sorry, but you look pretty fishy to me."
Peter wanted to wipe his eyes, but his hands had onion and bread crumbs all over them.
It was true—how could Clint know before Cap and Tony did?
"Bruce, are you okay?"
Clint could relate there.
"You know, the more people here who know I'm outside the better. Is there some special reason we're sneaking?"
"What for? I-I got him already. With that...s-super strength, you know it's gonna...be a FUN honeymoon, too..." He added a quirk of his eyebrows for emphasis.
The Hulk paused for a minute like he was listening to something. He snickered, crossing his arms over his giant chest.
"Nothing I wouldn't do for any teammate who got abducted and poisoned and shackled to the wall in a super villain's dungeon, right?" Tony didn't add a few of the things about Doom he'd been hearing, but judging by Steve's reaction to his question earlier...
"It'll make a lot more sense when it isn't just on paper," Bruce assured him, munching on the donut he'd taken. "What are the others up to? I'm not even sure what day it is, honestly—I feel like I've been in here a long time, but I can't stop in the middle of something like this."
"Jan's smart enough to know he'd be too busy looking at tiny bugs to notice her in her bikini."
"Alcohol seems to be helping right now, but...that's pretty unhealthy. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to put all of this on you, Cap. I'm asking about it because I wish I could help somehow, but people are used to seeing the Hulk, not me. I'm worried about Clint. Could you try talking to Tony, for me? See if he's noticed if any of the Avengers have feelings for him?" He stopped and turned to Cap, turning pleading brown eyes up at him. "Please. He'll talk to you."
That’d be easy to test, Clint thought. Not that he wanted Hulk to show up, but maybe he could just try to increase Bruce’s heart rate a little…
“Thor, don’t. We don’t want to start a fight with civilians around!”
Without hesitation, the blond man laid back down.
Some context notes for this chapter:
Staring down at him, Steve took a second to weigh if Tony was being serious or if he was just messing with Cap. He decided it was the latter and shook his head, glancing to check on his presumably burnt waffle.
“I’m sorry,” he said heavily, pausing just long enough for Clint to interrupt their conversation.
The laughter had stopped, and the night was eerily quiet all of a sudden.
Damn.
"I'll...kill...him!" He growled through clenched teeth.
A dunk in water was all he needed to clear his thoughts. With how dodgy he was, Bruce was probably straight too.
The archer stood quietly staring at the ground, red faced. Rubbing his neck, he cleared his throat to speak.
“I…think we should find cover. Maybe we can set the boat against some rocks and make a lean-to.” His heart wasn’t in his words at all, but he pushed on, lifting Tony’s hands off of his shoulders. “I’ll move the boat.”
"My shoe broke. I-I slipped and...rolled a little. Not too much," she said, seeming strangely calm about it. "Scraped my leg up really bad, and my elbows. My shoulder...really hurts."
Tony looked at him finally.
"Jarvis, can I get another blanket?"
"Tony will help Thor, if Thor even needs help," Bruce reasoned nervously.
“We’re so dead!” Clint hissed, paddling along past. “If Loki doesn’t shoot us in the back, the lake monster’s gonna eat us!”
She stepped away from the wall and over to the door of the cell a bit shakily to investigate.
Captain America didn't stop Clint, though. They all headed down to the basement, the injured man in the lead, gingerly stepping down each step. He seemed determined to find his other self.
Bruce shrugged and revealed the two cards he held: a ten and a seven. The seven of hearts, actually. He handed them back to Clint.
“Yeah, Cap, it’s fine,” Wade said coolly, brushing Matt’s hand off of his shoulder. “Matt here was just being a tool.”
“Oh God,” Cap mumbled, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment and grimacing. “Why not.”
Clint yanked on his restraints again, since Doom's back was turned.
Oh, boy. Peter took a big, deep breath, painfully aware of the fact that Matt could hear his pulse racing. Yeah, that sure helped his nerves.
"Truly?"
The God of Mischief’s eyes widened the smallest bit and Peter suddenly had his full attention.
Shaking off his bemusement that Cap and Tony had apparently encountered the shark he’d just made up, Peter shot Matt a little smile in greeting. If there was a real shark, at least nothing too terrible had come of it—and they’d agreed to cancel the race! Somebody would get the flags they’d put out on the sandbar someday.
“To his credit, Cap tried to. Lucky for me, he got distracted. Bet you scared the shit outta that bear,” he added, snickering as he managed to sit up.
If Hulk was gay and he was created off of Bruce, did that mean Bruce was gay? Actually asking him point blank felt like a really bad idea.
The blond archer stirred in his sleep, turning and biting off a mouthful of sandwich as he pressed against the back of the couch.
"Look, it sounds like fun, but I actually need to sleep at some point. Criminals are like other people—they seem to move around more during the day, so I've gotta be awake during the day to catch them."
Aside from Romeo and Juliet at the bed next door.
Bruce seemed to notice the blood, too, because he moved over to press the gauze pieces over the wound again. With Loki laying on most of the couch, he had to lean half over him from down by his feet to do it.
Behind them, Cap sat the syringe down, pressing a finger against where it had been injected. It had actually left a mark. He nodded to Tony.
Tony and Thor retreated out the door, closing it behind them. Bruce, meanwhile, opened the briefcase and pulled out a few surprisingly normal doctor items—a stethoscope, a little penlight, stuff like that.
"N-new needle. Gamma...poisoning," he mumbled into the blonde's shoulder. Anything he bled on had to be treated as a biohazard.
"Oookay. I guess they have a different idea of reserving the entire resort for one group than I do. I'll worry about that later--now we REALLY don't need any other people seeing Spider-Man go into our cabin, so get inside and change already!"
Hovering near the fire and peeking into the cup, he saw that the latte looked expertly prepared. The lady had even poured the cream foam into the shape of a little heart. Aww. Wait, a heart?
"An Arc reactor? Isn't that, I don't know, infinite power?"
He didn’t have enough coffee in him to think about it yet.
“If you get Peter hurt, you’re answering to us,” Cap told him under his breath.
Cap had demanded that he eat something and Clint had felt the need to be deviant, skipping food entirely. Why? Why was he like this?
“Maybe Clint could join you? How does that sound?” Cap said, turning to look at Clint expectantly.
"It looks worse than it is," he concluded. "If we go for a swim, the saltwater should clean it nicely and it'll be okay. You're up to date on your tetanus shots, right?"
The sea swirled around them, the silky sand below them dropping off as they left the shallows behind. The weather was like something off of a postcard, with puffy white clouds and glimmering blue water like glass around them. In the far distance, one tiny gray cloud dared to show itself, tainting the picturesque scenario like a bad thought.
"It must be nice being able to just go do that without worrying about your pulse," he muttered, turning and taking the sunscreen bottle from Clint. "I can't play frisbee, but if you want to play, I'll come over and cheer you on. Sunscreen first, though."
"What? Oh, it was fine. Fun," he added hopelessly late, trying to salvage a positive tone and failing. "Excuse me, Cap." He picked up his coffee mug and retreated back out of the kitchen as quickly as he'd arrived.
"Easy there, soldier." Captain America stepped between them, almost toppling over from moving. "We'll s-scan him too."
"We could give them a call, if there's a pay phone around here," Bruce suggested, sticking his hands in his pockets again and glancing around. He definitely still looked and sounded bothered by something, but hopefully he'd deflected Clint's suspicions enough that he could assume it was worrying about jail.
“Wade, we’re sans the masks right now,” Peter reminded him, trying to sound casual about it. Did they suspect romance instead of friendship? Tony was still staring Deadpool down, and Steve didn’t exactly look excited about the situation, either.
“Matt is Daredevil, isn’t he? Holy shit, kid!”
“Dibs on the room with the biggest bed!” Clint told Tony, brushing past him and heading down the small hallway in the middle of the back wall.
"I don't t-think we should w-wait either." Cap wheezed heavily. If anything, he seemed to be getting worse. "It's not like Tony not to have b-backup...backup..."
He got a little salute from Peter, who zipped off into the nearest cabin. He zipped back out again, glancing back over his shoulder a few times, and then ran into the cabin Tony had the key to instead.
"Why ARE you interrupting?" He asked whoever it was drolly. Much as he'd come out here to avoid talking to Steve, it seemed like they could've clarified some things until the new arrival got here. Was ONE private conversation with the man too much to ask for?
Clint let himself be fussed over while he swigged down the last of his coffee.
"Yeah, some kind of poison gas," Tony said distractedly, snatching the handkerchief from Steve's hand. "Where'd you get this?"
Snapping his walking stick over his knee, Matt folded it up and sat it down beside him, pulling on a smile as he turned to Tony.
“Not—not like that,” he clarified, sighing. “That’d be super freaky with Hulk in your head—if you’re even gay. Not that that’s a problem. Being gay. Or not. I just talked to…did you know Spider-Man’s gay? Had no clue.”
“Three days,” Matt shot back without hesitation.
“Yeah, Wade mentioned that part,” Tony said, pouring himself a cup of the coffee and looking nonplussed. “Made a mountain of pancakes, too.”
“Wait, wait,” he whispered, trying to make his mouth catch up with his brain. He felt awake, but not well-rested, that was for sure.
Clint stared at it and shook his head.
"Which made sense, because when it got caught in the zipper, it hurt like hell," Deadpool finished, stepping in after her. He immediately turned to stare at Tony, going silent.
“Hey Matt! You should totally play frisbee with us!” Wade cut in excitedly. “Bugs’ dads are crazy good! I almost lost an eye!”
From somewhere off in the dungeon, there was a faint groan, then some coughing. It sounded like he wasn't the only prisoner here. Maybe it was Clint.
Thor swept Loki up into his arms and placed him on the table beside Tony.
"Um, he likes blonds."
Bruce shrugged, a little exasperated.
“Oh. Cold sandwiches then!”
Surely their actions spoke more loudly than the tabloids?
"We're going to cure you, too, Pepper."
"Thor. Someone has to talk to you about this. I know it will be hard to hear..." Loki leaned over and held Thor's wrist gently. "No one likes your hugs, buddy. It makes us uncomfortable."
Steve knocked on the cage again and said in a voice as raspy as Wolverine's, "Please pull over, sir."
There was a heavy 'thunk' down the beach, and then a burst of feminine giggling. Turning back, Peter saw Thor and Jan both helping Hank off of his face on the ground. There was a neon green frisbee clutched in his hand stubbornly, even as he spat out sand.
He put a hand over his heart like that might keep it from pounding as he thought back on their conversation on the bench. It was a good thing he was so exhausted right now—he probably couldn't muster up any adrenaline to transform at the moment.
"Thor is a powerful man. Doom would only trade him for something that he finds very valuable. Like Reed Richards. Or maybe some device to help him take over the world."
"Help!" Johnny yelled at the card.
Oh, right. Peter had been enjoying having them around so much he’d kind of forgotten that they hadn’t even arrived here with everybody else.
Somehow, it always managed to be Tony's life on the line—it was almost like he planned it. The First Avenger felt a pang of guilt. It was all because of the cure that Tony had even rigged himself up to the wall like that.
For a moment, Cap’s eyes flicked back across the fire towards Tony, then he focused on making another s’more, clearing his throat.
“Well hello, Peter. Just give us a moment to get dressed and we’ll be right out.”
“I was hoping we could take some time and go swimming. Just the two of us.”
“Wow, he’s comfortable with letting us all know who he is?” Cap whispered, like it might keep Matt from hearing him.
Due to a record-breaking heatwave, this chapter is a day late—sorry about that! As always, comments and kudos make our day. ♥
Well, that wasn't very comforting.
"Meditate," Bruce sighed, running his fingers through his hair. He got snagged rubbing at the stubble on his chin again, looking absently at the floor of the elevator in front of him. "Jiu-Jitsu. Lots of reading. Why are you asking these things now? You've been assigned to watching me for weeks."
"What do you think? Maybe we should be exercising some of this sugar off," he joked. It was a weak one, but he had to cut himself some slack, he was still processing what all of this meant--what it MIGHT mean. He shouldn't get his hopes up yet, maybe Steve had been about to totally shut him down, or... Or something.
“Makes sense,” Tony said, nodding as he crawled back out from under the kayak and was promptly soaked by the rain again. “There’s plenty of space out here, I guess.”
"You did that in front of Bruce? I t-thought I could trust you to k-keep him calm, Clint, what were y-you thinking?" Captain America managed hoarsely. It sounded way less intimidating with all the wheezing, but Hawkeye still looked guiltily down at his feet.
