Seeing Alexander Pierce trying to take control of the situation, meaning that they don’t have too much time left.
“Alright, you’re up, little buddy. There’s our stone.” He points towards the briefcase holding the Tesseract.
Steve nods, understanding what’s going on with Tony right now. “Okay,” he says. Tony knows he’s only trying to appease him, but he’s too enraged with everything that happened.
“And I believe telling all youse, alive and otherwise, what we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that?” This time, he looks over at Bruce who simply seems defeated, almost more than Bruce. “Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not- that’s what we needed!”
While Yaël looks like she can’t wait to see who Hilde dragged along, it’s Dr. Cho who takes control right now. The moment the inner door has opened, she instructs Hilde to put the body down on one of the cots. Loki doesn’t weight that much, so Hilde doesn’t have too much trouble with it.
But the sad look on Thor’s face stops him. The God of thunder has his hands clasped together, as if he’s praying for Tony who is standing right in front of him.
“Come on, we got a situation,” he says. It doesn’t matter if he starts scolding Peter for getting onto the ship; he’s here now anyway and there’s nothing much he can do about it. What he
He hears T’Challa tell Okoye to stand up. When he tries to pin them down, what he sees is more dust. He quickly looks at Wanda, who is hovering over Vision’s grey, lifeless body. When she starts scattering as well, her eyes meet Steve’s for a moment. Rather than scared, she looks peaceful. Relieved. Steve reaches out for her, but it’s too late.
Hilde seems to have enough of it. “Now that we all know each other, does anybody know how we’ll get out of here? The pod is no longer functional, so we’re stuck.”
“And Sam and Bucky can be your best men, and Peter and Rhodey’ll be mine. And Morgan obviously will be the flower girl.”
But it takes a few more of his insistence before something finally seems to happen. Both Pierce as Thor look down to past-Tony, who has dropped the case. It’s being pushed over to him, where Tony grabs a hold of it and tries to walk away.
He hears the others in his ear, but he can’t react. He can’t really hear them, as his ears are ringing a bit from being too close to the explosion. He can only focus on that bright light that suddenly appears out of nowhere, flying through Thanos’ ship with such a force that makes it break apart from the inside. After going through it a couple of time, there’s an explosion and the thing crashes into the lake.
“It’s ridiculous.” Tony fights back another laugh as he looks at the scene in front of him. Next to him, Scott climbs up onto his shoulder, tiny again.
The others regroup a bit further away. They don’t comment on the pair, still standing on the platform. Bruce gestures that they should start up a game plan and figure out their best approach.
FRIDAY returns, though even she sounds nervous. How is that even possible? Tony turns towards Strange, pointing at that stupid necklace of him.
We're reaching the end. I've been writing two full days on this to finally finish it! Though I might need to filter through some of the mistakes, but it's very late and I need to go to the hospital tomorrow for the entire day so I'll fix those then.
“There’s something happening with the stone. Its radiations are getting off the charts. I don’t know what’s happening.”
Peter tries not to listen too much to Strange. Instead, he focuses on Tony, who’s next to him. No, he’s on him. Tony has his arm wrapped around Peter’s shoulder, as if he’s afraid Peter would disappear if he wasn’t holding on to him. Peter doesn’t mention it. At this point, his Dad is the best comfort in the world.
So as Scott is ranting against him, Tony can see Natasha and Clint give each other a surprised look. Scott has never really been like this before.
in fact been at the funeral. He just hadn’t been at her side; how could he if the man had died because of him after all?
“Say, come to think of it. How did we ever catch her the first time around?” asks the woman in confusion. When she wants to think back of it, she comes with no answer at all.
“You’re looking for the Starks,” she points out as she puts the unconscious girl down on a bed Susan points them at.
“Idiot.” Natasha rolls her eyes and holds out her hand towards Yaël’s belly. Pressing her fingers onto it, she wonders if any of them have any idea how to do this. But with the stone being the one for Souls, it must have sensed hers trying to reach it. Slowly, an orange glow emanates from her stomach, until the Stone flies out and comes to rest onto her hand. She feels the sheer power of it, and lets out a shaky breath from it.
Trying to get up feels impossible, but Tony still manages to take a couple of steps away as he sees Thanos’ army, and in turn Thanos himself, turn to dust and disappear with the wind. At least, he’s pretty sure that’s what he’s seeing, but his right eye doesn’t seem to give him many signals, anymore. With only his left side remaining, he catches Rhodey on his way up. That’s when Tony drops down and leans back against a piece of what must be a space ship.
He knows Tony isn’t happy that Peter followed him here, but Peter would never leave him alone. Even if this is all a suicide mission, Peter won’t let him die alone. Not that Tony’s going to die. That can’t happen.
Much to his horror, Steve’s upper hand quickly changes and instead, he’s being pushed back. With every blow, a piece of Steve’s shield breaks off along with it.
Tony sees Scott shrink back to what must probably be his regular size. A little later, he hears some strange music playing in the background. “
“We swore an oath to protect the Time Stone with our lives,” Wong adds dramatically. Tony rolls his eyes.
Vision gets it. He gets it, but he also doesn’t. He’s asking her to do something she can’t bear to live with. Something he won’t live to see the repercussions of. He won’t know what becomes of her if she does this.
The woman in the white dress stands up from where she’s seated and approaches Gamora with a friendly expression. Clearly, she’s not in the mood for another argument.
“Hey, what’s going on?” he asks curiously as he finally seems to see the change on the screen as well. They’re nearing the surface, it seems. And they’re not slowing down.
“You saw what those stones did to Thanos. It almost killed him. None of you could survive.” He’s now standing in front of the gauntlet. Nobody stopped him from reaching it.
“It was good to meet you, Rogers.” Howard returns to take back the stuff he handed over to Tony. Behind him stands a black car, with in front of it another familiar man. Tony loses his words again after seeing him, recognizing Mr. Jarvis in an instant.
If they do this right, it won’t take too much time. One at a time, they jump forward to distract her, make her use her powers at them while hurting herself with it. Even Natasha has to admit that, while she’s powerful, her powers aren’t all that practical. To use them at the cost of one self? It’s not a way to enter battle, that much she knows.
“Just as I was going to agree with her Wade showed up. I don’t know how, he just did.” Peter can easily figure how Wade appeared in the after-life. “He just started talking to this woman, greeting her as if she was the love of his life. She acted very much the same way.”
The next stop is Asgard. There he just drops Mjölnir on a table he finds, mindful of not being seen. He makes quick work of injecting the Aether back into Jane, and before she can even turn around he’s gone once more. Now, on Morag he carefully puts the stone back in the orb, and then he puts that one back on the stand it supposedly had been on. The moment the orb comes in contact with the stone, a forcefield comes back up, protecting it from being taken.
“May? Honey, is that you?” he asks while walking to the side to continue the conversation in private. Tony glances back at Steve, giving him a nod along with a wide grin. They actually did it, didn’t they?
That seems to do it for Steve, who still doesn’t seem to be too excited about the whole ordeal. As the others wait for them to make their choice, Scott seems even less pleased as they make their decision.
There’s this feeling of victory after Yaël exits the ship with the intention of grabbing her stuff. Hilde would rather not have the child being born in outer space but if it has to happen, it must. The realization that she has no idea how to bring a baby into this world is frightening. She sighs even louder and stands up. The ship won’t get into better shape, so she should probably just bring the others up to date. Maybe find if anybody with any medical history would be interested in coming along.
But Steve knows, because these past five years have been making him feel like his hair’s turned grey, anyway.
“Resurfaced. Some of them are still recovering from where-ever they went to,” Natasha says as she jumps out of the craft. Steve follows right behind her. “Others have arrived with the help of other Mutants.” She points in the direction of other crafts, where Steve can indeed see that it’s not just Wakandan soldiers out there.
Yaël startles upon hearing her voice. She looks up, turning to where Hilde is standing. Her dark eyes stare back at her, but her expression is hollow. She takes a deep breath.
“What?! Peter, too?!” Wanda didn’t mean to shout, but she notices Steve flinching even from the distance he’s created between them. He stops for a few short seconds before continuing in his steps.
Steve frowns as he closes his book. “I don’t think we’re talking about the methods of composting here,” he points out. “Just so we’re talking about the same thing-“
There’s nothing but a gigantic white light at first. A strong sense of residual energy gathered around her. When Wanda can see again, she’s on the ground, trembling and finally crying for real. It’s done. It’s over. She has done it. There’s no way back for her, anymore.
The pair moves forward, except they didn’t expect there to be another woman in the elevator once they manage to get inside. She’s got her hair put up, and is wearing a dark blue dress. Around her neck, she seems to have got some sort of SHIELD-necklace for some reason. Could it be her badge, maybe?
“Then why did you come here?” Peggy leans back in her chair, her brown eyes staring him down. Steve chuckles hesitantly.
Okay, reality check here. “There’s no way to get them back, Thanos destroyed the quantum tunnel.” Tony then hands out an extra earpiece to Peter, figuring that the one in his suit won’t be linked up to this particular channel after going to space. Peter takes it quickly, and then jumps back out there without another word. Tony watches him go, feeling nothing but pride towards his son.
He’s glad that he came to stand in front of the chair, as he falls back in his shock. Bewildered by the discovery, Tony lets out a surprised gasp before he puts his hand on his face. Never, ever in his life did he expect to find anything as close to this.
“I’m afraid I’m barely presentable. I didn’t sleep with the twins causing chaos wherever they go,” Thor excuses himself as he enters. Tony snorts and shakes his head. Yeah, he’s definitely a parent, now. His clothes are full of stains – probably from the food the kids refuse to eat. He’s wearing sweat pants and sandals, for crying out loud!
Everything happens so quickly. When Vision is thrown on the ground, she slowly crawls his way to see if he’s alright. Except that his magenta skin is now grey, his eyes empty, and there’s a large hole in his head.
He’s conflicted in so many ways; all reasonable thought would have been to go back home and get Peter to safety, but by now Tony knows that this is no longer about them; no longer
Gamora then frowns. “How am I alive? Thanos gave me a fatal wound, there was no way for me to survive this?”
Eventually the door opens. And seeing Peggy standing there, Steve realizes that he has no idea what he’s doing. What was his plan? To just show up? Tell her he’s still alive, that she should just move on?
Dr. Cho opens her mouth, but then quickly closes it. Hilde gives her a teasing look, but then nods to her as an indication that she can continue.
“Alright, we’re optimistic, yes. I like your plan, except it sucks so let me do the plan, and that way it might be really good.”
Steve laughs as he hugs Tony tightly. Tony wonders if he’s crying or not, but it’s hard to see from this position.
“Oh, right… Anyway, they spoke for a while, as if I wasn’t even there. And eventually she agreed to get me back here
“Your minds melted even though Steve’s in Wakanda and you’re here?” Pepper points out. Tony groans, rolling his eyes and waving away the comment. “Tony, be realistic here.”
As if on cue, Strange comes flying by so fast Tony almost misses him. He sees Peter looking at him as well. He doesn’t look conscious, though.
“What I would do to have you back on Earth,” Tony mutters against his hairline. Peter just leans into the touch with his eyes closed.
After the initial surprise she lets him into the house. She offers him some tea, which Steve accepts gratefully. And after they’re both seated he explains to her how he’s still alive. All that has happened over the past few years. And while he lets out some crucial details – like SHIELD being infiltrated by HYDRA – he feels like he can finally be entirely honest.
“Uh, no, not really. You keeping secrets from me, bro?” Tony asks, patting him on the shoulder before walking through the hall. He’s never really been here before, but he’s heard of the place through Peter, who seemed pretty impressed.
Gamora has this horrifying thought that she actually might be. Even more so now, standing next to her sister. The one who has spent so long hating her. The one she only recently managed to make her trust her.
“We need to leave,” she hisses at her, barely audible. Yaël doesn’t move. A tear rolls over her cheek, falling on the floor underneath them.
Oh, right, he’s running. He’s not alone. Tony quickly taps on Pepper’s shoulder, indicating the need for a break. The woman turns towards him, her face looking as red as Tony’s feels, her strawberry blonde hair in a pony tail. Her blue eyes meet with his, and Tony’s a hundred percent sure that she could run five more rounds.
Howard smiles, obviously happy for him. “Hey, let me ask you a question. When your kids were born- were you nervous?”
“Tell me where the girl is, or I swear to you I’m gonna French-fry this little freak.” It’s a threat, spoken out in a low voice. This man means business.
Pepper snorts at his complaining. She gently pats him on the shoulder before moving forward again. The trick here is to never stand still during a jog. If he would stop walking, it would become extremely hard for him to pick it back up again. He might just summon the armor here and make it fly him home, that’s how tired he is.
“Nat,” Steve returns, realizing what she must be experiencing now. When Natasha looks up again, her eyes are red and tears are already forming in the corner of her eyes.
“What’d be so awful about that?” asks Tony, pretending to be confused though he understands his words more than ever.
“What are you reading?” he asks, but then he looks over at the model on his desk the next room over. FRIDAY never put it away, just kept it there for Tony to look at. He loses his thoughts a bit while observing it.
He knows a bit about Hilde. Mostly, that she likes to drink away her worries of her past. From Bruce, he learned that she’s also quite the skilled fighter, but didn’t use those skills for a long time due to being too drunk mostly.
“Don’t act like you don’t know,” Tony mutters back. “Of course, I didn’t sleep well. The bed is so cold.”
“She’s right, you can’t,” Strange deadpans, as if this whole conversation isn’t going shitty enough as it is.
“I can’t help everybody,” Tony counters. He doesn’t know what he’s doing here. Maybe he’s trying to find a way to talk himself out of it, but he can’t help but be curious about the result he created a couple of meters away from him.
“I think you should go,” she tells him, observing Strange with a worried glance. Then, suddenly on the other side of the portal, Bruce appears as well.
“Where are we going?” somebody asks behind her. Hilde recognizes Korg following her. So he made it out, that’s good. She’s going to need his strength in the last bit.
He grabs the tesseract and puts it away, quickly trying to walk away. Especially when he hears the familiar voice of his own father only a couple of meters away from him. He freezes for a second when their eyes make contact, and then he quickly turns around to head the other direction.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” he sobs out. Tony is still too weak to get up and comfort him, so all he can do is lift up Steve’s hand and press his lips against his fingers.
And those familiar robotic spider legs come out, attacking on his adversaries on their own while Peter tries to figure out how to get away from there. With the help of the arms, that means that he can use his own to hold on to the gauntlet, which is great.
Tony nods, honestly feeling like he’s floating out of his body right now. There’s a thousand emotions going through him somehow. His mind telling him that he should have known, that he should not have forgotten what he built Ultron for.
“Lightning won’t help you, Thor. It’s gotta be me.” Bruce marches forward while keeping his gaze onto the gauntlet. Noticing Thor’s disappointed, heartbroken face, Tony puts his hand onto his shoulder and squeezes it once. He knows Thor still feels guilty about missing the mark back in Wakanda. He really thought he had him, but Thanos had outsmarted him.
When the weapon has sunk right into Thanos’ chest, giving him a fatal wound, Thanos staggers in his stance. His hand is onto the axe, yet he seems to lack the strength to pull it out.
The light is getting too much. Tony carefully lifts up his hand to try and shield his eyes away from it. Through his fingers, he tries to catch a glimpse of whatever has come in front of their ship. Maybe it’s something that will kill them before natural causes can.
“I mean, it hurt. Obviously, it hurt. But at the same time, seeing her like this. In her element… I know that’s not where I’m meant to be.” He then clears his throat. “Besides, she was wearing a wedding ring.”
“Blue Meanie? She still in on this? I’m impressed.” Together, they walk back inside. There’s this familiarity at being back in the compound, but it’s mostly memories that Tony doesn’t want to think back on. The workshop he’s brought to is the same one he spent days in with Peter back during his internship. He can even still see his workbench on the side, where DUM-E is looking up hopefully, only to lower its head again at the realization that Peter hasn’t arrived. Tony pats the bot once on the back of its neck.
The twentieth day, the last of their food is finished. It’s Nebula who offered him the last bid, despite his lack of appetite. He’s been trying to play games with her to find some distraction. While she’s had trouble understanding them at first, it seems like she’s got it all in her fingers now.
“It’s a long story,” she admits. Right when Hilde expects her to speak, there’s the sound of vehicles approaching. They’re all black, stopping close together until one particular man gets out, taking a device to his mouth.
Thor suddenly turns towards the man, who looks like he’s about to crap his own pants. “You, where is your screen?” he asks. The man frowns for a moment, but then points towards his bed. Then, there’s another shot hitting the ship. The lights turn down once again, coming right back up immediately.
“Look at a mod inspiration, let me see what checks out.” He walks around the table as FRIDAY does her work again. “So, recommend one last sim before we pack in for the night. This time, in the shape of a mobius strip, inverted please.”
“What are they?” she asks, her heart racing faster with each image she sees. Next to her, she feels Vision stiffen.
They know better now. It’s been many years, and they’ve trained well together. Natasha knows the girl’s weaknesses, though the biggest ones are her own powers. So, this time, before the 2012 version of Yaël can even start to look for the past Natasha and Clint, the original two jump her and drive her away from the current battle.
“But he already knows it’s in me,” Yaël quickly counters, sounding annoyed by it all. They’re interrupted by the sound of shouts in the front of the crowd. The three turn to the source of it, finding that the hangar doors have just opened.
“You telling me this’ll actually work?” Rhodey sounds surprised as he looks over at Tony with the purple orb in his hand. Next to him, Nebula stills seems to be unsteady at her feet. She squints over at everybody, as if she’s seeing them all for the first time. Tony just blames it on the time-travel.
Some of the mutant students are trying to keep Xavier’s academy going. Steve has been over to check on them a couple of times, but it’s clear that, even all this time, the students are tired. Everybody’s tired. Everybody’s sad.
Strange seems alarmed at that. “Under no circumstances can we bring the Time Stone to Thanos. I don’t think you quite understand what’s at stake here.”
Tony lets out a long breath. “For now,” he returns. Then he moves his head up until his lips are pressed against the top of Peter’s head. He kisses him there once, softly, and then turns away towards Strange. “Why would you do that?”
And as Peter becomes nervous, Tony armors up. As much as they’re trying to turn the ship, it doesn’t seem like they’ll steer clear from that thing on time. And much like Tony expected, their flying donut hits the other ship, causing for their vessel to tremble around them. He can see on the side of the screen that multiple parts of the ship have been destroyed because of this.
, Tony thinks as he tries one more time to get free from this magnet. His need to get loose becomes even higher when the man suddenly throws something to Peter that gets him tied up. Behind them, the first man still struggles with Strange’s cloak.
It’s pretty much a miracle that they get on the second quadrant in time. Before the flames can reach them, the ship seems to have separated itself already. That means that they’re going to have to jump, then. Hilde wraps an arm around Yaël’s middle, and without hesitation, she slams onto the button of the door. Immediately, they get sucked out into space, almost literally smashing against the ship before they get to float into the emptiness of space. Hilde holds on to some part of the ship, turning around to find Yaël still holding her hand. It’s clear on her face, though, that she can’t breathe at all.
Tony goes back to the ground where he takes down three more guys. He’s about to move out, when suddenly he’s flying again – and not in the good way. He smashes up against some of the debris, finding a large, faintly familiar figure running back up to him.
“No! No, nothing like that. Just, it could be a coincidence, I don’t know, but… I dreamt that-“ Tony stops mid-sentence, taking a deep breath. “I had this super weird dream of the Steve and me, with Peter, and then there was another baby,” Tony says quickly, afraid to be interrupted again. The smile on Pepper’s face falls, then, and now instead she’s looking confused.
When Steve finished showering, he threw on some clothes and shuffled back to the couch. Tony smiled at him and returned his attention to the TV. A few minutes later, Peggy came up the stairs in her pajamas.
The video cut to black leaving Tony smiling and crying in his lab. He wiped away the tears and ejected the disk and made sure to keep it in a safe spot. Tony kicked himself because he had forgotten all about their photo album. He turned the lights off in his lab and made his way to his room.
The fair was crowded for a Monday morning, but that didn’t stop the kids from having the craziest Monday morning ever.
“When I say I have never experienced something like that in my life, I am not exaggerating. This is what humans do for fun???”
Steve laughed and paid for the hat. Peter led Steve around town and showed him everything from post offices to fish restaurants and bathrooms. At every place they went, Peter had a sarcastic comment or funny story. They moved to the pier where they admired every stand and went all the way to the end to look at the art work.
If you want to know what song Steve was listening to it's called "Dear Friend," by Dayglow. You can find them on spotify or on apple music. They don't have much of a presence on youtube sooooo. Yeah! Good times. Some of the lyrics might not be completely right because there are no official lyrics so I just listened to it a bunch... lol
Steve could see a tiny smile creeping at the corner of Tony’s mouth. Steve led them inside giving Tony his own personal guided tour using his old sketches from his first time in the museum and his own personal insight into the world of merpeople. By the end of the tour, Tony had lost the frown and was laughing and playing along with Steve’s dumb tour guide bit.
“The future is a scary thing, Steve, but you can either get left behind or keep moving forward.” She winked at that last part.
Steve left the cove and made his way back to Peggy’s house. This time he didn’t run fast but slowly jogged and enjoyed the quiet morning. Steve watched the ocean and thought he saw a tail that was too big to be a fish, but too small for a whale. Steve recalled Peggy’s story about seeing a mermaid tail. Steve brushed it off as a dolphin tail or simply his imagination.
“Nice to see you too Mrs. Johnson.” Steve had bought some fancy pens when Peter took him to visit for the first time and ended up talking for awhile with Mrs. Johnson about her lost cat.
Finally, the time came. He excused himself and took off. He ran as hard as he could away from the crowds and back towards the cove. He didn’t care how out of breath he was, he needed to get to Tony. He reached the cove just as the sun began to reach the horizon.
“Well, my drive usually takes about an hour depending on traffic and I get a coffee or tea before I go in. Sometimes I’ll do my makeup so I don’t look so tired. By the time that’s all done, I don’t actually get to work until like 8:30 or so.”
Steve took a deep breath and watched as something started moving toward him in the water. Steve squinted and saw a head pop out of the water. It was him. Steve’s face turned white as the boy swam towards him. Once he reached the shore he pushed himself up onto a rock. Steve’s mouth fell open. The boy blushed and looked up to meet Steve’s eyes.
Peggy threw her dishrag at him, “SHUSH! I'M TRYING TO TELL YOU A STORY! Okay, anyway, no one believed him at first and dismissed him. He showed them a strange mark on his lower back, but everyone brushed it off as a bruise. That was until a large yacht went out to sea on a stormy night!”
Peter hopped off the dolphin statue he was sitting on and led Steve back up the pier. They made a right and followed the beach for a bit until they reached a hole in the wall type place with a bright sign that read “Sandy’s Bakery.” Peter pulled the door open and Steve was welcomed by the smell of bread and cookies.
First thing he learned was that Peggy had been in the military as a high ranking officer, but had to come back due to a severe back injury. She lived in the town because the doctors recommended she didn’t live in a big city that could trigger her PTSD.
When Steve woke up, it was sometime after 1. He lazily got up and changed into swim trunks, grabbed a towel and his sketchbook, and went to the beach. Steve decided to get in some drawing before exploring the rest of the city. Steve was welcomed by the warm California heat mixed with the cool sea breeze.
Wow it has been a HOT minute. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. I already have the other one written so I'll probably post that soon. If you still care about this fic, drop a comment or a kuddos or other. Thanks :)
That night Steve couldn’t fall asleep. As soon as he turned off his lights, his mind took off at the speed of light. Thoughts raced around in his brain not stopping until way past when Steve should have been asleep. Steve managed to finally drift off for a bit around 4:00 am.
“Bucky? Never! He’s like a brother to me. I’ve known him since we were little. I don’t think that would ever happen.”
Memories were a bit tougher. There was still only that one flash that Steve had, a few other dreams here and there, but he couldn’t tell what was real and what wasn’t. He also suffered from short term memory loss so it became harder to remember simple things like what Steve had eaten for breakfast or where the living room was. He sometimes forgot what his friends looked like and it would shock him every time he would see them.
Mrs. Johnson led Steve past the erotic novels and past the autobiographies to a small shelf in the back. There only a few books, but Tony would love them nonetheless.
When Steve reached the rock, he stopped. He didn’t know why he was scared to climb over, but something inside him was telling him not to do it. Steve ignored his brain and climbed the rock. His heart beat loudly in his chest as he saw something on the rock.
The day after Steve had been admitted to the Hospital, Tony couldn't sleep. He stayed up every night working on some meaningless project trying to distract himself from the pain and longing. Rhodey made him leave the house a few times to go to the grocery store and Pepper brought him food and water so he wouldn't pass out. He missed Steve. Very much. He didn't know he he had gone the first 40 something years of his life without him.
The words stung as they passed through his head. He kept dismissing them trying to find a way to console himself. Nothing worked.
Once all the stores opened, Steve made a  beeline for the book store and slipped in. The woman who owned the store popped out from behind a bookshelf.
“Well, I can’t tell him about you and he can tell if I’m lying over the phone so we’re in a bit of a situation.”
The problem was that Rhodey was insisting that Steve join them since there was “extra security” and he argued that they needed back up.
His thoughts were now dominated by Tony: his voice and his walk and his body (especially his butt). Steve could feel his heart jump every time he thought about him or was in the same room as him. He occasionally would get a boner when Tony would walk by in a particularly tight shirt or when he would pass by the workshop and see Tony dancing to AC DC or Led Zeppelin.
Steve sat in the conference room until everyone had disappeared to other parts of the compound. He sighed and put his head down on the table trying to slow his breath.
“Well, we have a few hours until you need to leave and we solved the problem with your friend.” Tony had been implying that they should do something to kill the time.
“Oh, give it to me.” Tony handed the phone back to Steve who turned the flash on and said, “Smile!” The screen lit up and took a photo of the boys smiling like idiots. “I have to go.”
Steve led Tony towards his own display which held his charcoals, his pencil sketches, and his large painting of the ocean featuring the merman in question.
Steve hated that his friends were fighting over him. He felt so helpless in that moment because he couldn’t do anything. He was useless on the field and useless if he stayed behind. Steve began to feel self loathing creeping at the back of his brain.
The wind blew and the sun was hot. There were tons of pieces of art from paintings like Steve’s to statues made out of old soup cans. It seemed like everyone in the town had made something for this auction. Steve helped move boxes, set up displays, and bring refreshments to the rest of the crew (courtesy of Sandy). Tony sat on a bench in the distance watching Steve and the ocean tentatively.
The cove was empty and sun was now high above the horizon. Steve remembered what Tony had said about loving human science and decided to take a trip into town.
Steve thought that maybe this trip could give him time to come up with a plan for the future. Unlike his friends, Steve had no future he was set on; he was pretty good at a lot of things, but not amazing at just one thing. The only thing that Steve could almost qualify was his love for art. His parents hadn’t been to happy with that idea.
In a safe in his closet there was the small photo album almost entirely full of pictures of Steve and Tony and their friends. Tony smiled as he flipped through all the pages. He watched their relationship grow through a series of pictures.
“Well, after a few dates, if the people find that they and the other person work well together and you still like them, you officially start the relationship. There’s more dates, hand holding, kissing, stuff like that. Sometimes it lasts long, sometimes not. Sometimes people even get married.”
“Well, I like to watch humans and learn about their customs and I’ve never seen you before. You caught my eye.” He winked.
The section was a lot larger than the other one. There were books on medieval, post modern, and religious art. Steve found a book that had a lot of impressionist paintings in it explaining the history of each one. Steve decided to splurge on the expensive art book and bought both.
“Yeah.” Steve sighed and remembered the book. “Oh, good news now. So I was thinking about what you said last night and I had some time to kill this morning so I got you something.” Steve handed the book to Tony who examined the front cover.
“Yeah, still on that New York time. This would be a reasonable time for me to wake up if I wasn’t here.” Steve plopped down on one of the stools at the island.
“Never say never, Steven.” Peggy glanced at her watch, “Now off to bed with you. I have to get up early and you look exhausted.”
“Then, you and the person you like do things together alone, usually, and you get to know the other person and have fun. First dates are always scary because you never know what will happen or what you will learn about the other person.”
By noon, Tony and Bucky, surprisingly, were both feeling a bit under the weather so they took a break by riding the Ferris Wheel. Bucky and Nat were in one seat while Tony and Steve took the other. Nat winked at Steve before they were hoisted into the air.
Towards the left middle of the canvas Steve added a large rock in the ocean. On top he painted the red tail with gold flecks he seen last night. Steve was proud of his rendition, but was afraid of painting the rest of him.
“No. I do. I just didn’t think we could cause, you know, your dad.” They had discussed Tony’s difficult family life and Steve realized that maybe their worlds weren’t so different after all.
Steve look around to make sure he wasn’t breaking any rules and began to climb. Steve scaled it with ease as the boulder wasn’t very tall. He dropped onto the sand and looked out at his surroundings.
Tony took off his shirt, revealing a large gash in his left shoulder. "Ah shit buckets, this hurts. Ahhhhhh! Man that little kid was so good at inventing and he never accidentally almost blew
Steve couldn’t tell if Tony was being nice or condescending but it made something in him turn sour. Maybe it was the tone that Tony had used, but Steve felt extremely defensive.
Peggy stood up, “I know this is going to sound cheesy, but we are all here for one reason. Steve. Well the art too, but mostly Steve. You have brought all these lovely people together. Some new friends, some old. You have brought art, joy, friendship, love. Thank you for everything Steve. Thankfully, the summer is not over, but it feels like you’ve been with us for our whole lives. To Steve!”
Steve closed his eyes and rested his chin in his hands, “Might sleep or draw or go for a run on the beach or something.”
“Yeah, you got it.” Steve hopped onto the swing next to him and soon the boys were swinging in sync, smiling and occasionally trying to high five when they passed each other. Steve had time to reflect on everything that had happened. A few months ago he was just a bored 17-year-old with no hope for the future and a plane ticket to California. Now he was still 17, but in love with a merman, no less, forgetting about what the rest of his life held in store only focusing on the crazy brunette swinging wildly next to him screaming and laughing just like a kid.
“Man, Steve. You can’t go around saying stuff like that! You don’t know what the locals have seen!” Peggy’s face grew serious as she cleared the plates from the table.
It wasn’t Bucky or Natasha or even Sam. It was Tony’s voice. Soft, sweet, caring. Steve didn’t know why but his chest felt warm when Tony began to speak.
“Well, what if you take in the book in a water proof container and keep it there? Just read it above water and put it back when you are done. It’ll stay safe in the container and you can read it.” Steve added, “Oh, and your dad probably won’t be looking in any caves any time soon so there’s that.”
He had lied to Tony, pushed him away, and made him cry. Steve didn’t know why but the thought made him throw up. He began to cry as well. Something in his brain shifted.
Tony continued to work without stopping or sleeping or eating. He only cooperated when they went on missions and Tony could be away from Steve. Bruce began to work with him on the project since everyone felt that it would be better if Tony had company.
“So, Steve. Your room is down that hallway and on the left. The bathroom is across the hall. My room is downstairs: off limits. I work most days so I will be out of the house. You may go where you please, but either send me a text or a leave a note if you plan to stay out all night. I’m a very easy-going person by nature, but will kick some arse if needed.” Peggy gave Steve a threatening glance. “You seem like a nice kid, Steve. I have to go to work right now, but feel free to explore the beach or the city. I’ll be home by 7:30.”
Tony realized what he had said and moved away from Steve, his face was clearly red, “Wow, um, I did not mean that. I’m sorry. I just say things sometimes and I didn’t know what I was thinking. I mean, I probably will like Bucky and I bet he’s a really great friend. I guess I just meant that it’s good that you guys have such a good friendship. I’m sorry.”
Steve pushed all his feelings down and all the memories and emotions until he thought he couldn’t take it anymore. The world felt like it was suffocating him and everything made him annoyed. It wasn’t until a meeting with the team that Steve finally came to a decision.
Steve nodded and remembered the shell in his bag, “Since you seem to be the expert, could you look at something I found on the beach?”
The big group, including Tony, congregated in the corner where everyone sat down with plates of food and lots of chatting. Steve looked over at Tony who just looked plain awful.
When the approached the restaurant Steve saw a small redhead and long brown hair that Steve knew well.
Peggy led them to the parking garage where her blue BMW convertible was lounging among the other cars. She popped open the trunk and Steve threw his suitcase and backpack in the back and climbed into the front seat next to Peggy. She had thrown her hair into a ponytail and had begun to re-apply her lipstick. She put on a pair on red sunglasses and handed Steve his own.
For the next week, Steve hung out with Tony most days depending on when he was free. He showed Tony some movies on his tiny phone screen and promised that movie theatres were much better. They watched every genre there was, including some romantic movies. Tony payed attention the most during those and seemed to be making mental notes as he watched.
Steve also brought Tony some human food to try which Tony ended up loving so much that Steve started bringing food to all their hangouts. Steve was really falling for Tony, but he couldn’t tell if Tony felt the same way at all.
Sandy had dark skin and her curly hair was pulled back into a bun. She looked like she was in her mid forties, but Steve couldn’t be sure and didn’t want to ask. Her smile and eyes radiated warmth and love.
Steve didn’t feel like questioning her logic and followed the instructions. One he had drank the full glass of water he began sipping at his OJ.
Though Steve appreciated the gesture, he had gone through quite the growth spurt and could carry the bag with ease, “I’m okay, thanks.”
The big oak door shut behind her with a thud. Steve finished his juice and went to kill some time. The boy had been occupying his thoughts since he saw him, so Steve decided to go to the cove. He felt like he needed to go back and make sure he wasn’t imaging. Steve threw on some shorts and his running shoes and put his sketchbook in a small drawstring bag.
“It’s no problem. Plus, the fun is not over yet. And, yeah, this view is pretty stellar.” Steve watched the passing ships in the distance not noticing that when Tony was talking about the view, he was really looking at Steve.
Tony sighed in Pepper’s shoulder, “Oh Pep. I made him cry today. He looked so sad. How could I do that to him? I can’t deal with myself.”
The words felt heavy as they rolled off his tongue. The rest of the avengers looked heartbroken for Steve. They knew how much Steve had gone through.
“Of what?!? I am doing my best over here being his friend and showing him around town while trying to hide the fact that I am so in love with him I have no idea what to do with myself when I’m with him. I have been terrified of ruining it with Tony. I didn’t even have to say anything to mess everything up.”
Steve felt terrible. The entire team was counting on him and nothing he did helped. He felt a need to apologize.
Steve was really tired of everyone trying to tell him what was best, “Whatever. I’ll tell him on Wednesday before the art show. Okay?”
When Steve woke up, he walked over to his room and found Tony was gone. The bed was made and there was no medium height brunette anywhere.
The cold undertone in Tony’s voice hit Steve like a ton of bricks. Steve had really messed up now cause Tony was no longer bubbly and smiling Tony and was instead an aloof and cold version of himself.
After spending a few hours in the park, listening to music, mostly silent except for a few words here and there, Steve got up.
Steve approached the town’s center and could see it had many buildings painted turquoise, yellow, or pink. It all felt fake as Steve passed friends getting coffee and children running around unattended. There was a long pier lined with small stands. It was completely unlike New York, but Steve kind of liked it. On Steve’s left was a small building that was the “Mermaid Museum” which apparently documented the sightings over the years and had real artifacts. Steve chuckled to himself and bought a ticket.
Tony was silent. Steve could tell something was bothering Tony, so he decided that it wasn’t the best time to bombard him with more emotions. Though he knew that Bucky would be mad at him for putting it off, it just didn’t feel right.
Tony and Steve spent the morning packing up the art that Steve was donating to the auction and moving the pieces into Peggy’s car. They had to take a few trips because some were smaller canvases while others were big paintings. How Steve had managed to finish all that art was astounding.
Steve yawned and walked to his room. He wrote down “go to bakery” on his hand before falling onto his bed. He took a minute to process everything that had happened. Steve took the advice he got and locked it up in his brain for safe keeping. Steve sighed and closed his eyes. Sleep came easily and he was gone within minutes.
Sandy continued her story, “I became obsessed and tried to learn everything I could. I even saw one once. No one believed me, but I know what I saw. I gave up on my search and now run a sandwich shop and tell my story to those who ask.” She winked at Steve.
“Here, look.” Steve opened the book to the pages of Tony’s face. He felt silly showing him, but Tony was genuinely interested. He smiled at all the pictures and insisted that Steve showed him others. They flipped through the book stopping when Tony didn’t recognize something human.
“Rule number two, you are young and vulnerable. Don’t come out here without someone watching you. Okay?”
“Oh right. That’s today. But it’s not that big of a deal. We’ll still get to see each other. I’m in town for another three weeks after this. It’ll be fine. The only difference is you’ll have your tail back.”
“The brain remembers everything. Just because you can’t recall a memory doesn’t mean it’s not there!”
That morning, Steve was woken up by a pair of brown eyes staring down at him. He shot up almost hitting Tony in the face and falling off the couch.
Steve had just lied to his team. He his head felt okay. It would probably even be good if he got out of the compound, but something in him couldn’t bring him to admit the truth.
That night, they had a bonfire and made s’mores. Tony was so amazed at the concept of tiny dessert sandwiches. It was a great day, Steve knew that, but he knew it would be better if he just knew how Tony felt about him.
Tony scooted over to Steve and pulled him into a hug that caused both the boys to fall into the sand, tangled in each other’s arms. They laughed and stayed like that for a little bit.
, this mermaid goes to a sea witch who gives her legs so she could go on land to find the boy that she loved and it was fun. I mean she lost her voice and in the actual story it ends badly, but is there anything like that?”
Steve ran before he could get an answer. His heart was beating fast and he couldn’t think straight. He made his way to the house where Peggy would be waiting to go. She had been invited to come along since she knew Natasha.
One fateful day, the Avengers had a meeting to talk about the next mission they had to go on. It was a pretty routine mission: Bad guys hide in cave, they have weapons of mass destruction, the avengers fight the goons, destroy the weapons, grab a beer on the way home.
I'm so sorry that this is coming almost 2 years later... it's so hard to believe that I was writing this 2 years ago like damn. Anyway, if you're still here, HERE YOU GO. It's not over yet, but here's another chapter :)
“We are going to the fair,” Steve thought to himself, “It’ll be fine. Nat and Bucky are there. We are in public. Nothing is going to go bad... Or I will cry.”
Steve ran to the nearest bathroom and threw on his nice button down and shorts he had especially for this night. He combed his hair a little and shaped it with some product. He not only had to look good for the art show, but he wanted to look good for Tony. For the moment of truth.
Steve’s heart jumped after what Tony had said and how close he had gotten. Finally for the first time since he got back Tony had gotten almost up in his face.
“Steve I’m too scared. I am not a trained professional. I’ve only had legs for like two days. You’ve had them your whole life. ” Steve could hear the genuine fear in Tony’s voice. He felt bad for pushing him, but didn’t realize he would react so seriously.
Steve rushed over to the bench, “Hey, I gotta go change but I want to spend this last hour with you so hang out with Sandy until I’m done.” Tony nodded and solemnly walked over to the bakery where Sandy was busily waiting tables and chatting with customers.
“Well, they both were part of a movement called the impressionist movement in the late 19th century where people broke the mold of art and painted freely. That’s my favorite style of art. It’s so free and expressive and beautiful.”
“Well, it’s lovely to meet you Steve.” Peggy extended her hand and shook with a firm grip. “Can I help you with that?” Peggy pointed at the large suitcase Steve was carrying with him.
Steve and Tony shifted to a more comfortable position where they were both lying on the sand watching the sun set. The conversation was over as quickly as it started and they began talking about the situation with Bucky; neither could come up with a solution.
Tony smiled at Steve’s rambling. Steve swallowed hard trying to will the blush back into his cheeks.
“I’ve seen that face before, but I don’t know remember where I saw it.” Sandy scrunched her face and stared at the drawing. “I can’t think of it right now, but these are amazing Steve! You should submit some to our arts festival!”
“Well, you guys are up early. Oh, Steve.” Peggy shook her head. Steve had fallen back asleep on the couch with his phone turned on in his hand despite the large cup of coffee and wake up shower. “How are you, Tony?”
Tony fumbled around until he found Hello Kitty band-aids and gingerly placed five or six on his shoulder.
A few hours passed and Steve woke up at sunrise. He threw on a shirt and took a run down the beach. He really needed to get the energy out of his system and Peggy wouldn’t be awake for another couple hours. He tried running in the opposite direction of the cove, but after about thirty minutes, Steve turned around and made his way back over.
From the kitchenette Tony quickly shot back, “Steve as your bo-... friend, I think it would be better to stay at the tower. I’m sure we can handle it.”
The last photo was from six months ago and there were still about three pages left to fill inside. Tony closed the book and took a deep breath. Pepper always knew how to make Tony feel better. Though Steve had forgotten about him, Tony always held onto something he had once heard from his elementary school science teacher.
Steve shoved his clothing into the dresser and put his backpack on the desk. Steve sighed and muttered, “I guess this is home.”
Steve hopped off his rock and walked over to the Tony. He gently placed a hand on the end of his tail. It felt wet and scaley as Steve had expected. When he looked closer it was a deep red with gold flakes spread throughout.
Although Steve acted like he wasn’t bothered, he watched enviously as Bucky and Nat cuddled together. They were all smiles and giggles while Steve was alone.
“All you have to do is start moving your legs back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. Put a little of your body weight into it. Back and forth.” Tony was struggling with the concept only making his swing move minimally. “Why don’t I just push you. It’ll be easier.”
The rest of the afternoon was much like the morning with tons of greasy fair food and riding rides that could kill them many times. Tony’s favorite was the Zipper. He just kept laughing as they were thrown around in circles. Steve loved his laugh.
“Thanks.” Tony shifted a little. “So what are human customs when it comes to partners? Or girlfriends or boyfriends?”
“Don’t worry Tony, I’m a trained professional.” And with that, Steve hurled himself off the swings landing in the grass and rolling over to face the sky. “Come on Tony. Join me, the view is great down here.”
Steve laughed, “Yeah. Distant cousins. My parents don’t like me just hanging around at home during the summer so they send me somewhere with some relative I’ve never met.”
“Yeah I’m coming in a week and stayin’ for a few weeks. Get ready for surfing and babes. I can’t wait.”
"Oh- oh- my god. Umm, ha ha sorry. I'm just- Um, trying not to- Uh bleed out. You know. The usual." Tony could feel the blood draining out of his body as he spoke. The world was crashing down on him.
Steve sat on a small rock towards the center and closed his eyes. He listened to the waves crashing and seagulls calling to one another. Steve may not have loved the beach, but he sure loved being outside.
They spent a few minutes without talking, both taking in the whole fair and the beach very close by.
Tony put his precious memories back into the safe, and for the first time in weeks went downstairs to eat dinner.
Steve slowly glided down the coast watching clouds float by and families enjoying the weather. The sand felt muddy and warm under his feet and the afternoon sun was beating down on his neck. The walk was nice, but Steve was getting to a patch of rocks he was not sure he could cross. He approached cautiously and saw that there was a cove if he climbed over them.
Tony heard Bucky's mocking voice and whipped around. When he saw Bucky and Steve sitting on the couch, he turned completely white.
Tony laughed at himself. He had been hoping to propose to Steve after their mission. "Look how that turned out" he thought.
He finally responded with more confidence, “Steve, I get that you’re a little untrusting right now, but I know you better than anyone. I will defend you if I have to.”
Steve waved. Tony could have died right then. When he looked into Steve's eyes he saw nothing there. Not the usual loving look or the knowing eyes when Tony did something stupid. They were blank and Tony couldn't bear to look at him.
“Natasha sent me down. She said that you usually break down around this time and told me to check on you. I- I- heard the bag break and came to see if you were alright.”
They shook hands and made quick introductions before all heading into Sandy’s. Inside, Peggy was talking with Sandy.
“Here on land we divided up towns into what we call counties. They are just an easy way to organize them. A fair is where people can go have fun and eat food and go on scary rides. Combine those two things and you have yourself a county fair.”
Steve admitted he had become interested in the mermaid legends before he met Tony which prompted a lengthy explanation of the history of the merpeople. Steve got a chance to fawn over famous artists while Tony simply listened even though he didn’t really understand what Steve was saying.
Sandy and Peter spent a good ten minutes flipping through the book admiring all the drawings that Steve had done. When they reached the face Sandy gasped.
“Very.” Peggy was about the leave, but she turned and said, “Erm, Steve, I’m going to be late tonight so feel free to either order food or eat whatever’s in the fridge. My day off is tomorrow so we’re hanging out. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Nobody judged him or said anything to him. They knew it would be better to let him get his emotions out instead of pushing them down.
Bucky punched Steve’s arm, “Come ON Steve just tell him! It’s getting annoying to keep watching you dance around your feelings. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you this love sick in my life!”
“Oh, I guess. Um, here.” Steve pulled out the shell and handed it to Sandy. “I found it in a cove by Peggy’s house.”
Those words echoed in Steve’s head. He didn’t know what Tony had meant when he said it but as Steve thought about it more he realized why Tony has been upset the whole time.
“Guys, doesn’t Steve get a say in all of this? He is literally right there.” Natasha cut off Steve’s train of thought. After a moment all eyes were on Steve, waiting for an answer. The only one who seemed to not care was Tony.
“Honey, I know we’ve been tough on you lately, but it’s only because we love you and we want the best for your future.”
Steve fiddled with his sweatshirt, “And um, it might seem boring, but there is an art show to raise money for the local school and they asked me to make some art for it. I don’t know if you want to come and see it or whatever. You don’t have to if you don’t want to-”
After weeks of Steve being a complete jackass, everyone was stretched thin. Tony especially was just tired of Steve being cold and pissy with him. Maybe this machine would fix everything.
The italics are part of Steve's inner monologue type thing. I decided to play around with it a bit. Idk if it's working. ://
“Awesome. Well, I gotta go. My parents still forced me to do summer school and I have homework as if I didn’t leave school.”
Steve thanked Tony again and started to walk away. Steve looked back and watched Tony disappear into the sea. Once he was back near Peggy’s, Steve started dancing and laughing. He couldn’t even tell if any of it was real or not.
“Will you just come look at my art first? Then you can go and I’ll meet you back at the cove at 8:00 sharp. I promise.”
Tony’s face turned a light shade of pink. It seemed that he didn’t know a proper response. He took a second to compose himself.
Tony backed away and Steve’s heart fell. He wanted Tony back in his space, to feel his heat. Steve also realized something very important: Tony doesn’t hate him.
“Alright everyone, the store is closing,” Sandy announced. “Bidding starts now so get out your checkbooks, it’s for a great cause!”
Steve laughed and replied, “Man, I wish you could come on land and see the world. You would love it. I know I’ve gotten used to it cause that’s my life, but it’s really cool sometimes.”
He put in his headphones and slowly made his way through the exhibits. It wasn’t very large, but Steve took his time studying the pictures and learning about different legends and stories. He also used this time to sketch what he saw.
“Oh, um. Well traditionally it usually starts with two people who like each other. And not like in the sense that they are friends, but like their smile and the way they look and want to be with them a lot. One usually tells the other person and they get asked on a date.”
When Steve got back home, Peggy was watching the news and eating cereal. She waved and Steve gave her an enthusiastic smile. Steve still had the whole day to try to keep himself busy, so he decided to work his stuff for the festival. Steve pulled out the easel he was borrowing and his paints and headed to the balcony. It was hot, but not unbearable so Steve put on some music and began painting. He had been working on a nice landscape of the ocean side but decided to add something.
“Yeah, but she moved to England when she was little. They moved back when Peggy was fifteen. Then she went off to join the army.”
Steve’s internal clock was counting down as everyone started milling towards the pier. There were tons of people spread out through the whole area. Music played in the background and children ran around through adults legs.
He poured himself a giant cup of coffee and put a pop-tart on a plate. When Tony was decent, he walked, with more confidence than yesterday, to join Steve. Steve slid the pop-tart over to Tony and took a long sip of his coffee.
Steve packed his bag and the four were on the road in no time. Nat drove them with Bucky in the front and Tony and Steve in the back. Steve was in and out of consciousness the whole time while Bucky bombarded Tony with questions about where he lived and what school he went to. Tony answered the questions without any indication of his fishy situation (pun certainly intended).
Peggy eyed him fiercely. “Okay, the boat went out to sea and was tossed and whipped by the waves. It crashed and sunk, presumably killing the thirteen people on board. That was until they all washed up on shore a few days later just like the boy had: unharmed, with a mark on their lower backs, and talking about a mermaid’s kiss!
Natasha put a hand on Tony's leg, "Tony, we don't even know if he will have memory loss. The doctors have no way to confirm until he wakes up."
Steve let out a huge breath not realizing he had been holding it in for so long. “Yeah, no problem. What happened though? You were fine like 30 seconds ago and now you’re all freaked out.”
“Did you leave me this?” Steve asked grabbing the shell out of his bag. Tony nodded. “Well, I really like it. Thanks.” Steve began digging his nails into the palm of his other hand (a nervous tick he never grew out of).
Tony nodded. Steve moved precisely and grabbed the chain from midair stepping out of the way so as not to get hit by Tony’s legs. When the swing came to a full stop, Tony jumped off and fell into Steve’s arms.
Tony shrugged, “Whatever you say. He won’t even look or talk to me these days. No I haven’t been the friendliest either but I have reasons.”
Steve laughed, “Only sometimes. And you haven’t even been to an amusement park. Believe me, this is nothing.”
Steve stopped in front of his work and waited for Tony’s reaction. Nothing. Silence. Not a smile. Not a joke. This was not how he’d planned it.
Tony learned that he could become human for a week, but it would take a little while to track down someone who could do it. Steve was beyond excited when he found out, but made sure to play it down so Tony wouldn’t get freaked out.
Steve heard Tony’s small gasp and felt sorry for him. Tony obviously had some connection to Steve and Steve was shutting him out. Steve turned away and walked to grab another bag. Tony quietly left gym and Steve was once again alone. Steve dropped to the floor out of exhaustion. He hadn’t realized that all this exercise actually would have an effect on him. As he lay there, breathing heavily and trying to get his energy back, Steve heard talking from the hallway.
“For everything. You have given me more fun in 24 hours than I’ve ever had down there. Plus, this view is terrific.”
There was one person who was different than all the people he had met. Anthony Stark. Or Tony if you are a friend. He had been acting the strangest when Steve had come home from the hospital. The first time they met, Steve had seen Tony without a shirt trying to put pink band-aids on a painful looking gash in his left shoulder. Steve didn't know how to react so he stayed quiet. The next few weeks however, Tony tripped over his words when he spoke and constantly tugged at the ends of his sleeves as if he was always nervous. He would make sure to stay a good distance away from Steve as if he was trying to restrain himself. Steve didn’t understand why he acted like that and no one would explain either. They would say “It’s just better if you didn’t know.” and that was the end.
“If he doesn’t come with us on this mission, we’re toast!” Rhodey’s voice echoed through the conference area. All the avengers were clearly on edge, exhausted, and hoping the argument would end.
“Okay, uh, I really like humans which is kinda a bad thing where I live cause mermaids aren’t supposed to talk to humans, only help them secretly. I’m a bit of a rebel.” Tony laughed and ran a hand through his hair. “Something drew me to you and I felt like I needed to meet you.”
“I don’t think I can do this anymore, Rhodey. I can’t reach him, he shuts everyone out, maybe I should just try to find someone new.” Steve could hear Tony choking back tears as he spoke. The great Iron Man that everyone kept talking about was now devastated.
When the doctors told him that Steve was suffering severe head trauma and would probably not remember him was the day Tony broke. He cried. He cried for hours. For days. It took Pepper and Rhodey three full days to get Tony to calm down enough to talk to Sam about his problems. Sam listened, cried with him, helped him through the pain. Tony couldn't bear the thought that he would look at Steve and there would be no recollection of anything they had together.
Steve led Peter back toward Peggy’s house. They cut across and down to the beach where it began to look more familiar to Steve. When they approached the edge of the cove Steve stopped and turned to Peter.
When Steve finally woke up, the doctors called Tony and said that Steve had no memories. Tony just sat there, his breathing jagged and pained. He didn't cry this time but sat silently for a few minutes before blasting Black Sabbath and getting back to work. He needed something to concentrate on that wasn't Steve. He ignored the nagging in his brain to go visit Steve. Tony felt that he wouldn't be able to deal with Steve until he came home.
Steve turned on the cold water and stepped in letting the icy drops barrage his skin. That certainly woke him up and calmed his already fried nerves.
Steve closed his eyes while the safety video played on the small, crappy plane screen. His parents always insisted on sending away for the summer and this time he was being forced to stay with some distant cousin he had never met in California. As soon as June 1st had rolled around, they bought him a coach plane ticket and sent him on his way.
“I discovered it first. I get to make rules: Rule number one, don’t speak of this cove to anyone. This is between me, you, and Sandy. I get that people can come over here if they want, but I don’t want big crowds of people over here cause you guys think there is some mermaid. Got it?”
“Well, no girlfriend. Or boyfriend for that matter. I used to be pretty small and sickly looking. No one was really interested back then. Now that I grew and play sports, girls start to notice, but it’s all superficial.”
Next thing, Peggy could read people easily and had figured out Steve in less than a minute. She figured out what was making Steve look constipated and gave him some advice.
“I don’t believe in half fish half human hybrids who live in the ocean, which is extremely unrealistic, by the way, because below a couple hundred feet there is no light! Also how would scientists miss them for this long?”
“Pete, what are you doing here?” Steve was shocked to see the little kid standing with a young woman who looked a little older than Peggy. She had long brown hair and a sweet smile.
After an hour of drawing and thinking Steve decided to leave one of the sketches of the face. He knew it was a silly sentiment, but maybe someone would fine it and recognize him.
“The town started believing in mermaids, even if there was no real proof they exist! So now the legend says if you get hurt in the sea the mermaids will protect you. Always be on the lookout for the flip of a tail because it’s good luck! Who knows Steve, maybe even you will see a mermaid during your stay.” Peggy giggled and turned back to the dishes.
Steve kicked himself for not planning this better. He only had an hour with Tony as a human before Steve would have to go back to only seeing him at night and his friends were lowkey invading his space.
As the days progressed, Steve realized that he had not only forgotten memories, but feelings. When people would ask how he was doing Steve could only reply “I don’t know” because when he thought about it too hard his brain got fuzzy. The doctors say he damaged multiple parts of his brain which would account for that feeling. The only time Steve ever felt something was when he would box or work out.
Steve paced up and down the pier waiting for the sun to get low enough for him to leave. Bucky picked up on his anxiety but kept his distance. Steve was thankful to have a friend who could read minds.
“Good night then. Also, I suggest you go into town tomorrow if you don’t believe my story. Go to Sandy’s Bakery for lunch and tell them I sent you. Ask about the mermaids!” And with that Peggy was gone leaving Steve in the kitchen alone.
Steve worried and fussed over the whole thing until he thought his head would explode. The time came for him to meet Tony. He let Peggy know he was leaving, grabbed his books, grabbed a small beach chair, and began walking down the beach. He was worried, but also wanted to ask Tony’s opinion on the whole thing. Steve made sure to check to see if anyone was following and hopped over the rock. He landed on the sand and set up his beach chair and began reading his art book.
Tony nodded and Natasha walked out of the lab. Tony sighed and found a DVD player in a cabinet full of junk.
“Bruce, help him!” he says. Then he nods towards Wong and Strange. Pulling out his glasses, he puts it on his head to observe his surroundings. “FRI, what am I looking at?”
“Hey, uh, can I ask you something?” Steve asks. Rhodey startles upon being addressed all of a sudden, but then he nods as he offers him a sad smile.
Pepper takes his hand into her own, squeezing his fingers gently. “I know this is hard. This must be about the hardest thing I’ve ever done, too. But I know we can get through this.”
Steve is already up on his feet, and Natasha is doing the same behind him. Both stare at the video message in front of him.
“My name is Brunnhilde, I’m a Valkyrie of Asgard and I need to get back to my people.” It’s the same thing she’s answered each time, but never has the person in front of her indicated that he’s going to go with her wishes. In fact, she could break out of this room without trouble but the point of them coming here is to find refuge. Being violent is not going to help their case.
“Then we must get you out. Go with Hilde and Thor. I’ll hold him off with the Hulk for as long as we can.”
She can’t do this. She can’t risk the universe, but she also can’t let her sister suffer even more than she’s already done in her life.
“I just took down three guys for you. You’re welcome,” Johnny Storm says playfully, completely engulfed in flames as he smiles down at the two. Tony squints at him, but Peter holds up his thumb.
Tony sits down on the floor, right in front of where he put down the helmet. He hasn’t picked it up for a long while. There’s no use for it, anymore.
Because this is what it’s about to be; a loss. Tony’s no idiot. He’s aware that he doesn’t have much longer to go. He can’t move his right arm, and if he thought he was hurting at his chest after the whole arc-reactor ordeal, he clearly never used an Infinity Gauntlet before.
Hilde nods. Then, after a short goodbye, she starts running back into the opposite direction. First, she needs to get Yaël, make sure that they’re out of the ship before the bad guys realize half the civilization is missing.
I've noticed that the chapter that aren't in Tony or Peter's POV are quite short. It's because I'm not used to write other characters, and I'm mostly only including their chapters to make the story a bit more clear. I don't write in Yaël's POV since she's Caspinn's character, and nobody can write her like she can. Caspinn doesn't write anymore (at least for now), so the chapters including her are almost always written in Hilde's POV.
He’s out, yet not asleep when he hears Nebula approach him. She looks him over, finding that while he’s still breathing, it’s faint. Quietly, she carries him over to Drax’s former seat where she lies him down. He’s too weak to stop her.
The final chapter and the epilogue of this story are already written. All I just need are the parts between this chapter and the end :')
Now, Tony can handle a lot, but having people treat his son like that? That’s a no-go in many, many forms. He jumps onto his feet and starts flying around Big to annoy him while at the same time hitting him with some of his lasers.
He and Rhodey had spent the night before drinking up a storm, encouraged by his mother requesting him to visit for his birthday, and Tony having no idea how to deal with the tense and hostile mindfield that was him and his father’s relationship.
Steve looked over his shoulder to see Tony stumble in, kicking off his shoes and already looking dead on his feet despite it only being 8:30.
Steve looked at him flatly. “I can’t imagine how that outrageous idea even came to mind. I must be the worst friend in the world.”
Everyone shared their variations of “no”, and Clint sighed again, swearing vigorously under his breath. “I’m going to have to ask Coulson for a new one.”
From the few times Steve had been to Natasha’s apartment (though it was practically a shared apartment between her and Clint based on how much of his stuff was there), he knew that she liked to experiment with drinks, and he trusted her, so he had no qualms whatsoever about drinking anything she’d made.
“I swear to god, she must be an assassin in another life,” he stage-whispered to Steve who rolled his eyes and reached for his own blue mug in front of him.
Going back home was the worst part. Home never felt like home, and with the absence of his mother it would falter to make even a faulty resemblance of one.
“Everyone’s a critic,” Clint sighed sadly, but quickly shook himself out of it. “Have any of you seen it?”
“What do you need the shirt for?” Bruce asked, stopping what was sure to be another dramatic Clint and Tony argument.
He guided Tony to the dining room table and reappeared with a knife and plate. He cut a delicate slice- a mere sliver, really- from the cake, and deposited it onto the plate and pushed it to Tony.
On his other side, Tony’s innocuous mask slipped and he began cracking up. “I told you he wasn’t paying attention,” he said to Bruce.
Steve wouldn’t call himself a possessive guy. In fact, he doesn't think he has a possessive bone in his body. Or at least, he
Steve had his sad puppy look again and Tony leaned into him, chest feeling lighter as he leaned back.
Clint flipped the shirt over, studying it carefully, and nodded in satisfaction. “Not even any oil stains this time.”
Clint and Sam were sitting on the couch in the TV room, up playing Mario Kart despite the late hour (why he ever let Pepper talk him into housing a bunch of children he’ll never know), so he walked as quietly as he could to avoid conversation.
“And I have made Romkugler!” Thor boomed. His tray was heaped with an assortment of what looked like sprinkles coating balls of cake batter.
The blanket was a gift from Thor’s mother, Frigga, just before she passed away a few years before. It was one of the last things she knitted just for Thor, evident by the legendary Norse hammer, Mjölnir, stitched lovingly into the corner. It was no secret Thor loved that blanket more than anything in the world. In fact, Steve was sure the only time he had ever seen Thor truly furious was when Loki had mistakenly taken the blanket for himself back in their freshman year.
Tony sat in the middle of his hurricane, dumbfounded. He turned around and started pulling at the things he’d already removed from the fridge, expecting one of them to contain his final slice of cake.
Tony and Bruce always shared semi-whispered commentary during films, mainly about the accuracy behind the science of it, and it was pleasant to see Natasha’s usually well-guarded expression fade a little the longer she sat in the darkened theaters. Thor and Clint were always good for a laugh, but with Clint off at archery practice, and Thor on a date with Jane, that left just the four of them to view the movie together.
He stepped forward, looking sheepish, “I wasn’t really sure what happened the other day with the cake, but I could tell it was important to you, so,” he turned and picked up a container from the counter, “I made you another one.”
coffee makers, and the last one’s an espresso machine,” he looked pointedly at Steve. “You gotta stay up to date if you wanna survive in this technology-based world, Grandpa.”
He took note of the pale orange color and took a sip, ignoring Tony’s reverent comment of “bravest man in the universe right there” that was directed at him.
There was another time, far after the accident but not far enough, that Tony revisited his seventeenth birthday cake.
It wasn’t a foolproof system. Tony knew he couldn’t have cake whenever he had a bad day, and that one day, it would run out. Still, nearly a third of it was left and he was only in his forties. Tony had hope that he wouldn’t run out anytime soon.
Steve pushed the mug to him, watching in amusement as Tony fumbled with the cup before downing the entire mug in just two gulps. After, he lifted his head up from the screen, gaze looking slightly more alert than before.
Steve glanced over to Tony who was idly sipping his drink, slowly sliding further down into his jacket. Clint strode over and unzipped it in one smooth move before Tony could even duck away. Sure enough, he was wearing Clint’s purple and silver archery team shirt.
When Tony returned home after three months in a dank cave, the first thing he did was look for his cake. He had to push around some things in his fridge, but eventually he found it tucked away in the back, a mere half of what he’d had before he left remained.
As they watched the movie Tony saw his own life reflected in the movie: becoming an orphan, inventing amazing things but all the adults around him ignoring his success, his determination and intelligence. When the main character decided to make a memory scanner Tony got an idea.
Tony audibly sighed, his face in his hand. Steve tried not to stare at him or put a hand on his leg in support. Steve’s attention was diverted when Vision piped in.
Out of her apron, she pulled a small polaroid of a blur of colors and shapes. Steve could make out the vague shape of a tail and people on a boat.
When Steve got bored of lounging around, he decided to take a walk down the beach. It was a nice day, but he had no interest in swimming. Steve never understood the fascination with the ocean. Maybe it was because he had grown up in a place where the beach wasn’t super prevalent, but Steve preferred land.
Peter and Steve ate happily. Steve watched the crowds of people walk by. His mind floated around. He wondered if anything that he had heard was real, but decided not to question Sandy.
“You’re welcome.” They sat in silence for a bit before Tony said, “I think I better explain myself.”
Tony was relieved when Bucky said this and practically sprinted away to his workshop. He quickly turned on some loud music and threw his shirt back on. He sat down and put his face in his hands and sighed. Dum-E beeped in support.
“Welcome to the Mermaid Museum. I know it’s kind of stupid to take a merman to a museum about mermaids according to humans, but hey.”
When Tony went to change, Steve forgot that he knew nothing about the etiquette of changing and Steve caught a glimpse of… more than he expected. Steve yelped and covered his eyes. His cheeks were burning and his breathing was really fast now.
On their usual Thursday movie night, the Avengers chose to watch a kids movie to distract themselves from the thought of losing Steve. They decided to watch
And with that Peggy went about her morning business and Tony let Steve sleep. Even though he didn’t know very much about humans yet, he realized that humans need a lot more sleep than merpeople do.
“Well, a long time ago, it was said that there was a boy about seventeen years old who came to the beach every day and surfed. One day he was part of a surfing competition but the waves were rough! He tried his best to stay on, but got knocked down by a wave!”
Steve furrowed his brow as he did a quick mental backtrack. “There weren’t any robots in that movie.”
“It’s hard to believe you were worse when you were a teen, especially since you’re such a shit now.”
“Mr. Stane indulged himself while you were assumed dead,” JARVIS answered stiffly, sounding as annoyed as an AI possibly could.
Tony shrugged as he pulled on his jacket, zipping it together once more. “Nothing wrong with keeping you on your toes.”
Tony swallowed. Put his cup down. Stared at it. Picked it up. Stared at it. Took another sip. Put it back down. Stared some more.
They continued light-hearted bickering as Bruce moved forward, and pulling out his own small dish from the counter. His item was a brownie, sprinkled with chopped mint leaves. “I didn’t have high hopes that neither of them would start a cake fight, so I made you something too.”
“The cake was the last one my mom ever made me. She and my father died a few months later in a car accident, and the cake was kind of all I had. Our house was never really a home and I had no strong connections to anything there, but my mom had made that cake for me because she thought I was going to be home for my birthday that year, but I wasn’t,” a sad laugh fell from his lips, “because Howard and I had a disagreement and he told me not to bother.”
Steve relented with a smile, letting go of the mug and heading over to the counter where the coffee maker rested.
Steve moved closer to Bruce and dropped Tony in his now-empty seat. The other hardly seemed to notice the action, and slumped down, curling up next to him tiredly as he shivered slightly.
Tony looked affronted. “Why, Steve, it would be unsafe to hold onto such items, much less consume coffee from them.”
He must’ve stood there for a while, cold air spilling out into the kitchen, as the box idly dripped with condensation. After some time, Obie appeared behind him, looking curiously at the box in his arms.
Steve quickly looked around, but neither Natasha nor Bruce looked perturbed at their actions. In fact, Natasha seemed to be studying Steve more than anything else. Her gaze was methodical and calculating, and Steve itched for a reason to look away.
“Like hell there isn’t,” Tony muttered, swirling the liquid around in his cup. “How do I know you didn’t poison this?”
Tony finished taking off his jacket and draped it over his chair. He then raised his arms, and before Steve could think to ask what he was doing, Clint reached over and neatly pulled off Tony’s shirt for him in a well-practiced maneuver, almost like he’d… done it before.
“I’m afraid this matter concerns all present members upstairs, Sir, and it would be in their and your own best interest to see to the dilemma at once.”
Thor just gathered as much of it as he could into a ball and nudged it further into Tony’s arms so he could hold it better and inquired if Steve would need his assistance in getting Tony to his room. When Steve declined, he only smiled and ruffled Tony’s hair before leaving his most valued possession at another person’s house.
“I wish you’d come here to ask me something else. Anything else. Honestly, I… I might not always show it, but I miss you, Nat.” Tony approaches Steve and Morgan before turning back to Nat. “There’s enough place in the house for lunch, if you want to-“
They’ve lost all control. Peter now, too, gets the helmet on as he awaits impact. Finally, Strange seems to want to make himself useful as he makes some movements with his hands and they’re suddenly surrounded by orange lights.
“We don’t have one yet.” Natasha shrugs as she speaks. She blinks up at Rhodey who drops his arms and nods. “How about we’ll go and make one right now, huh?”
Then he hangs up. Steve’s just going to have to forgive him for that. Carefully, the three men head towards the door, exiting the building to find themselves on the street.
Tony barely realizes he’s thrown onto the ground until he sees a red-and-blue flash appear in front of him. His heart skips a beat, but not in the good way, when he sees his own goddamn son standing there, holding that axe that was about to crush Tony into a pile of goo.
That’s how he sees Captain Marvel keeping Thanos from closing his hand. His right hand, which is now hidden underneath the gauntlet. That means he must have put it on, already. Peter wants to get there, but he can’t reach them all that easily with all these bad guys constantly getting his way.
“She’s great, by the way. We need you. You’re new blood.” Finally fighting out of Rhodey’s hold, Tony marches up to Steve. “Bunch of old tired mules. I got nothing for you, Steve. I got no coordinates, no clues, no strategies, no options. No will to live.”
When he looks at his hands, he barely recognizes them. They’re dirty, no matter how much he washes them. They used to have water to shower at first, but they’ve only used it once after realizing that they were running out.
“Wow,” he breathes out as he turns off the lamp. “3000? That’s crazy. Go to bed, or I’ll sell all your toys. Night night.”
The world slowly starts to find stability. While nobody finds peace with what’s happening, they’re making their way through the new world. The cities are all too large for the few amount of people that remain so it appears empty.
he here, then?” Yaël asks. Then she gives Loki a short look, disappointment suddenly clear on her face. “Loki, you didn’t-?”
“World governments are in pieces. The parts that are still working are trying to take a census. And it looks like he did exactly what he said he was gonna do; Thanos wiped out fifty percent of all living creatures.”
Lady Sif returns the seventh day after their arrival. She comes in search of Thor and her companions, only to learn that nobody’s left. None of the Warriors Three have made it. All her friends are gone.
Suddenly, someone grabs Hilde’s arm. When she turns around, she sees Yaël looking at her with those golden eyes of hers.
!” She quickly looks back at the screen. Shield capacity is only at twenty percent now. That’s not enough.  “Move it people, come on!”
bad.” Tony looks down at his figure, noticing he’s not exactly in shape at this moment. Steve never minded. He even often likes to spend special attention to his belly, for some reason.
JARVIS, Vision has always been a bit more protective over Stark at some occasions. Some small parts of JARVIS are still inside of him, only Stark once described it as Pinocchio becoming a real boy who gets to live his own life.
“You’re talking about adopting a child here, Tony! And sure, you have Peter and he can perfectly take care of himself, but the kid you’re intending on pulling along into your little family? They won’t have powers.”
Natasha and Steve walk up to where the King and Okoye are standing. She gives him an apologetic look, but Steve is glad that she took the lead. Bucky catches up to them and comes to stand on his right. Where Steve would have expected Nat to stand to his left, she, instead, goes next to Bucky.
“I meant it, Steve. After we get Peter back, let’s just get married. Let’s retire, and just… be old guys, together.”
Clint is quick with the container. It’s not a good idea to hold on to an Infinity Stone for too long a time.
Do. Not. Roll. Eyes. Looks like the man holding Peter feels the exact same way. In his annoyance, he moves the blaster back to Peter’s head, making Tony fuming with anger.
He’s stopped when he hears a yawn next to him. Turning, he finds Drax standing next to a confused Mantis, his hands on his belt as he does exactly that.
“Call out for the evacuation,” Thor says. Loki starts tapping against the screen, but when Hilde turns back around, she notices Yaël putting her hand on Loki’s to stop him.
Howard guides him in the direction of the elevator. Tony nearly forgets his suitcase in the process.
Tony finally manages to get a good look at him again. The kid hasn’t aged a single day. He looks shaken, yet not entirely in a bad way. It’s more like the whole, current situation is giving him all kinds of energy that add up to his already overactive state.
They all get suited up. It’s an agreement they made, just in case the stones would do something that might bring back the Hulk. They can’t afford any other mistakes. Tony instructs FRIDAY to bring the facility in lockdown. Bruce gently presses his hand against the gauntlet that adapts itself to his size.
Going through the ‘gardening’ session of his backyard – or is it his front yard? – Tony approaches the little playground Morgan made for herself. There’s this little tent where she’s usually hiding. Seeing the blue drapes getting closer, Tony caps his hands to warn her of his approach.
She knows the stakes; if they fail, they might lose even more than they already have. But if they win, a lot of people will be reunited with their loved ones. Tony can’t take that away from the universe now, can he?
Tony doesn’t answer, there’s no time for that. He gets to the hole, sends out some of the nanos in its direction and immediately the hole gets shut. When there’s no more sucking them into outer space, both Strange and Peter fall down on the ground with a grunt.
That skinny son of a bitch actually threw him into the sky? Well goddamnit! After getting his thrusters to work, Tony turns around to fly back in the direction of the battle. It’s dusty, and messy, and it turns out that Skinny is way more difficult to handle than Big due to the fact that he can move objects with his mind, but Tony’s sure they’ll figure something out.
Steve looks apologetic, that much Tony can see. He also knows that, while the mission five years ago has been an epic failure, the super soldier never really lost hope that they might find a way to fix it. That hope has just been… dormant for a couple of years.
“I should sure hope so,” Peggy laughs. She leans her head against Steve’s chest. “I’ve missed you, Steve. But it’s been 2 years now.”
“How about Steve?” Bruce then interjects. Tony turns towards him, automatically reacting to that name.
Gamora knows the woman, much like she knows the man, as well. Her heart aches, at the thought that these new parents would be robbed of their happiness like that, in only a matter of minutes.
Loki has finally left his lover’s side. He’s wandering around in the escape pod, rocking his newborn child back and forth while singing him a soft, Asgardian lullaby that Hilde hasn’t heard in many years. She has yet to ask for the heir’s name, but that’s a matter for later.
Peter tries. He really tries. He starts making his way downstairs, but he’s not fast enough. One moment, Tony forms a blade with the suit, and the next the blade is stabbed into his gut.
Much to his unawareness, outside the ship, Peter finishes his climb back on the vehicle, looking down at the world underneath him with a shaky breath, his back pressed against the metal behind him.
There’s the axe doing a full Mjölnir on them and swinging in Bruce’s direction. Tony jumps up, pushing the scientist out of the way.
Oh, so Bruce calls it Bucky-time, too. How quaint. Tony rolls his eyes, but eventually he does pick up the phone. He finds that he has a message from Peter, who tells him that he just left for the field trip. Tony smiles slightly, though it changes into a frown immediately when he realizes Peter has no idea what’s about to happen.
When suddenly Yaël jumps up on her feet, holding her arms out with a loud gasp of surprise exiting her mouth, Hilde gets on her feet as well, taking a battle stance instantly to protect the pregnant woman next to her.
“Sounds like you’re going to do something stupid,” Sam points out, grinning. Bucky joins in on the conversation.
There’s a signal. Peter knows what it is. So everybody jumps into action when a large chunk of wreckage descends onto Thanos. Peter can see Tony using his thrusters to make it gain speed. Thanos is taken by surprise and can’t react.
“Steve,” Tony whispers out. The beard is gone, though the red skin on his chin means it must have happened only recently. His hair is still as long as Tony remembers it. Looking at Steve, Tony realizes it’s a sight he never thought he’d see again.
“And what about afterwards?” Natasha eventually asks once they’ve all separated. “You’re gonna be Iron Man and Captain America, still?”
And eventually he gets to stand in front of the house he knows Peggy lives. It looks like an apartment building; she probably didn’t have much to go on after the war. That’s not right…
“This thing could finally help bring him back,” Steve points out as he takes the device and looks it over. “Bring everybody back.”
Before they can reach out for the second man, the doors open and some sort of army starts storming inside. The person, Hilde can’t say what it is, exactly, says something to the man. Before he can answer, he’s suddenly pulled along, through the door.
Maybe the reason he’s no longer stopping the medics from healing him up is sitting right next to him. Steve is hurting, probably just as much as he is. He loved Peter as a son, as well. He just went into space – where Tony almost died – to try and bring him back. And while Tony isn’t surprised the mission wasn’t a success, he knows Steve is beating himself up for it.
“Maguna?” he asks. The nickname stuck after Morgan kept on saying her own name wrong at first. Tony picks up the little toy rat on the ground and looks it over. “Morgan P. Stark, you want some lunch?”
“It’s not that- Stop it! Just let me!” Thor’s voice cracks for a moment, and his eyes redden from upcoming tears. “Just let me do it. Just let me do something good. Something right.”
“A time heist. Of course, why didn’t we think of this before?” Tony looks over at Steve, who has a conflicted expression in his face. Tony hates that he has to be the party pooper here, but he’s never been the optimist. He’s the realist. “Oh, because it’s laughable? Because it’s a pipe dream?”
“Is that even possible?” she asks, taking in the wound and holding her hand over it as she tries to close it with the energy she’s sending its way.
As they draw closer to the planet, eventually Strange seems to notice it, too. He comes to stand next to Tony, looking upwards. Neither of them say anything, though Tony’s attention is divided; after all, Peter’s exploring the ship as we speak.
Bruce tears off his shirt and smacks his hands onto some stuff. Clearly embarrassed about the whole ordeal, the roar he lets out is less than convincing.
“Cap. Captain. Steve. Sorry, America. Rogers. Look, if you do this, and this doesn’t work, you’re not coming back.”
A purple explosion destroys the wreckage that crushed Thanos, and the giant lets out a raging shout. Suddenly, out of nowhere, there’s a flock of bats following Tony. Where did they come from?!
Thor, Yaël and Hilde returned to New Asgard. The Asgardians were happy to see their King alive and well, but Thor is still guilt-ridden and hurt about everything that happened. Not long after his return, Jane Foster went to find him. Steve has no idea what she did, but she managed to make him feel less like… well, shit, to put it literally. In a moment of pure euphoria, Thor asked the astrophysicist to marry him, and there has been a large, Asgardian wedding they were all invited to. Steve had enjoyed it a bit, but both him and Tony were extremely aware of how Peter would have loved the festivities. They’ve excused themselves quickly after that and went back home.
Peter nods, seeing her flying past Thanos without trouble. That is, except when Thanos throws his weapon towards a particular brown van Peter knows is important for some reason. There’s a large explosion, and Carol is thrown off her course. The gauntlet flies out of her hand and falls down on the ground.
The whole scene gets interrupted when, through the debris of the compound, Scott emerges a couple of size larger than should be. In his hands, he holds on to Bruce, Rocket and Rhodey as he’s saved them from being drowned.
“I don’t really think Steve’s fashion-sense is what actually matters right now,” Natasha points out. She still has her blonde hair but she hasn’t been bleaching it anymore, meaning that there’s already red coming back on the top. As it turns out, the blonde was supposed to trigger some memory of Bucky’s according to her, but it ended up not being necessary in the end. She probably hasn’t yet found the time nor the motivation to change it.
And Peter observes the situation for a bit. Tony can see on Peter’s face that his mind is thinking about everything around him, and even quicker than he would have imagined Peter starts nodding.
“Hey, do you ever miss it? Your powers?” It’s a question that suddenly comes to mind. Yaël has never really expressed her sadness for the loss of it, but the woman by herself is quite the mysterious entity that Hilde thinks she can never truly unravel.
“Maybe,” she admits. “Either way, Thanos is going to pay for what he did.” She grits her teeth, the tone in her voice nearly giving Hilde shivers.
Happy, May and Rhodey follow him inside, probably just as curious to see what’s going on. They get up the stairs, and the first thing Peter hears is Morgan’s happy giggling.
They try to figure out if they can make the van working again. Luckily, with Pym’s daughter aiding Scott, it might just go a little bit faster. Tony decides to trust them to make it work. Upon noticing Strange’s magic in action, he hurries towards him, and quickly faces the wizard.
He can see from Wanda’s hunched body further away that the mission was a failure. It’s not her fault, she did all she could.
Steve felt a prickle of irritation at that, but brushed it off as the two continued light-heartedly bickering.
After a few more films, movie night came to an end and it was found that, in addition to being too deeply asleep to make it to bed himself, Tony had also grabbed Thor’s blanket -his
- Steve had to come over to watch it. After that, there was always some new movie or game Steve didn’t understand the reference to, and more often than not, he found himself canceling other plans to keep his Friday’s open for Tony’s inevitable invitation.
Clint, thankfully, did not go through with his Hammer Industries documentary threat, instead choosing
Tony whistled lowly, “Damn. You know, I hear that after the fifth time he stops giving uniforms and just starts tazing students.”
“The best poison I’ve ever tasted,” Tony agreed, taking another sip and looking down mournfully at his near-empty mug. He looked over to Natasha pleadingly.
The others occasionally come down to try to get him to open up the door, especially Steve, who came on many occasions, and Tony very pointedly tries not to look at him because he doesn’t need to feel like the worst boyfriend to ever exist on top of everything else, and Tony very nearly breaks when he sees Pepper’s disapproving frown (and also nearly pisses himself out of fear but he’d never admit that), but if he didn’t break when Banner got the Hulk to use his sad eyes then no amount of glaring would get him to open up.
“So do you forgive me yet?” Clint asked, slowly waving around his cake as if it could hypnotize Tony into saying yes.
Tony pointed at Natasha defiantly. “Don’t think I don’t know your games, woman. I saw you reach for decaf earlier!”
And it was then that Tony was able to take in the mess he’d created. Melted ice cream leaked from cartons, semi-frozen vegetables were limply defrosting on the floor, and a few containers were actually broken in his haste to look inside.
Tony remembers his seventeenth birthday like he remembers the periodic table, meaning that he has no trouble remembering it perfectly.
Steve watched in thinly-veiled amusement as Tony struggled to get the coffee out of his hands without spilling it.
It was a while after he left, two hours according to the clock, but two minutes according to Tony, when he finally reached forward and cut just a little corner off his piece, one that practically dripped with frosting.
Steve’s voice turned a bit more earnest towards the end, and Tony smiled evenly at him, all soft edges and tired eyes. It was Tony’s real smile, one not painted on for the press at his parents’ social events, or the ones he politely offered to his latest fling of the week, this was something raw, something natural, something … solely Tony.
Natasha’s calculating eyes softened a little and she had the barest hint of a smile as Bruce tried his own drink and smiled down at it afterwards, pleased at the flavor.
pot of coffee that morning, the erratic clacking on the keyboard made him look over. Tony’s hands were typing in a frenzy, only pausing once in a while to adjust the sleeves sliding down his forearms.
Steve slid into his regular chair at Natasha’s kitchen table, Tony and Bruce following behind, conversing about the movie they just watched at the theater just a few blocks off-campus. Steve wasn’t entirely sure what the movie was about, but he knew it was some dramatic sci-fi thriller with a rapidly advancing plot full of inaccuracies to keep more explosions in the film that just made things worse. In the end, he was more than content to just study the others as they watched the movie.
“How is it you can barely function before noon yet somehow you can always manage to find your way into my apartment before you’ve had any coffee?”
he didn’t, not until the day Tony Stark slid into his and Bucky’s shared apartment in a jacket that was decidedly not his.
Tony nodded mock-seriously, “You must be. You should consider yourself blessed that I’m kind enough to let these things slide.”
Natasha just shook her head as the front door opened and shut quietly, Clint ducking into the kitchen soon after.
When he was digging through the freezer, looking for something to eat while he continued sorting, Tony found a pristine white box. In it, a cake with Maria’s loopy handwriting reading
Easy conversation filtered in and out of Tony’s head, making this one of the best moments he’s shared with the team, and then a cupcake with
It was only later that night when they were all tucked onto the couch together, stomachs full of every sweet imagined, and limbs so tangled no one could tell who was on who anymore, that Tony felt comfortable enough in the dim light of a movie playing on the screen to talk about it.
Steve ignored the way his ears heated slightly in embarrassment, instead choosing to watch Tony poke at the drink in front of him with a mixture of mild curiosity and suspicion.
Clint groaned. “I need it for tomorrow’s competition. Apparently, it’s “unprofessional” for the captain to be the only one not wearing the team shirt.”
Clint trailed off mid-joke upon viewing Tony on the couch and the precarious situation involving Thor’s blanket. Thor, on the other hand, didn’t even seem to notice. He passed Bruce a mug of green tea; Natasha, a closed bottle of liquor (she didn’t accept pre-opened drinks by others); and despite Steve’s earlier claim he hadn’t wanted anything, Thor handed him a steaming cup of apple cider that made him smile a little.
Not quite sure what to do with his parents’ things, Tony ended up keeping most of them, despite Obadiah’s promises that someone else could come sort through it all. But Tony felt it was a bad idea, Obie focused less on sentiment and materialistic things than most people, and he was sure that whoever he hired would be the same, if not more.
On top of that, the jacket simply seemed to dwarf Tony. Bunched up folds of fabric appeared all over the clothing as he sat down, and if that wasn’t hint enough it wasn’t his size, the oversized sleeves Tony had to keep pushing up lest they swallow his hands entirely was a pretty big clue.
He lifted his own hot-rod red cup up and muttered “cheers” before unceremoniously clinking his mug against Bruce’s and taking a big gulp.
which he took to watching on the floor, proudly reciting the lines along with the actors. Natasha raked her fingers through her hair from where she was perched on the recliner behind him, mouth occasionally twitching into a semblance of a smile at Clint’s antics. Bruce sat on her right, comfortably leaning into the corner of the couch. Thor lounged nearby on his two-person couch, his usual dark red blanket draped over his lap, watching the movie with unbridled enthusiasm, laughing along heartily with the characters on screen.
The next day, Tony and Howard had gotten into a fight, and Howard told him to stay at college until he could learn to grow up. Maria sounded disappointed but not surprised, and said she’d speak to Howard about letting him come back at least for the holidays.
With that, Tony reached out and grabbed Thor’s blanket that was hanging over the side of his couch, pulled it over himself, and promptly fell asleep.
The drink’s base was definitely some form of blueberry tea, but the rest of it was oddly sweet, with just the slightest hint of spice chasing it. Well at least he knows what the hot sauce was for.
Steve bit his cheek to keep from laughing as Tony looked down mournfully at his now-empty cup. “Besides, the coffee Barnes makes is a godsend. There’s nothing else like it.”
About a third of the way into the movie, Thor stood. “I wish to retrieve a beverage from Anthony’s supply. Would anyone like to accompany me?”
Just as the masked man and Vizzini engaged in a battle of wits for Buttercup’s life, Steve heard the front door open and shut, accompanied by a foreboding chill from the cold night air.
So Tony took him back to his house where he poured them each an expensive glass of liquor and cut them both a small piece of cake.
Steve sat on the rock and stared at the ocean. It was a beautiful day with not a cloud in the sky. They hung out there for a while before Peter asked the time.
Tony walked toward him slowly as if Steve was a wild animal. They made direct eye contact, but neither of them spoke.
“Thanks,” Tony replied coolly. Tony seemed so unbothered by Steve’s blatant mess up that Steve was almost sad. He didn’t even flinch or blush or anything.
Steve stepped out into the cool beach air and heard the waves lazily lapping in front of him. Steve put his headphones in and began his run down the beach. It wasn’t a very long run, maybe ten or fifteen minutes at most, but Steve didn’t really care about the exercise. When he reached the cove he climbed over the familiar rock and found himself in the same place as yesterday. On the rock where he had been sitting was a small, colorful seashell with strange markings on it. Steve hadn’t seen anything like it before. He looked around to see if he could find the person who left it or any sign that someone had been there, but there were no footsteps or any signs of life. Steve put the shell into his bag and sighed. He sat on the rock and drew the face over and over again trying to remember a new detail each time. Steve didn’t know why this face had intrigued him so much.
“Well, if you could become human just for a week or something, maybe we could hang out while Bucky was here. I mean we would only be able to see so much, but we’d still get to see a good amount.”
“Then they came. They rescued us, healed us, sent us on our way. I don’t remember much, but what I remember is that mermaids saved my life and I got a weird mark on my back. And my camera managed to get one photo that I believe is proof.”
The night passed quickly and Steve was back at home knowing a lot more about Tony than the night before. He was happy.
As he climbed the rock, the butterflies in his stomach were doing cartwheels. There on the rock was a curly haired boy sitting cross-legged staring at the sunset.
“Man if you told me a couple weeks ago that I’d be sitting here talking to a merman, I would have called you crazy.” Tony laughed at his comment and Steve smiled up at the boy.
“It’s okay, you’re not used to human customs,” Steve muttered the next part under his breath, “or reproductive parts either.” Steve sighed and trudged back into the kitchen.
“Hello?” Steve called out, but no one answered. He shook his head and closed his eyes again, returning to his meditation. The world felt still and Steve finally felt relaxed for the first time in months; though he didn’t dare admit it, Steve was afraid of the future and how lost he felt when it would come up in conversation.
Steve didn’t turn to face Tony. He couldn’t. Not when he had messed up so royally that Tony had left with no comment. Steve was crushed.
Steve led Tony to his room and tried to pick clothes that would fit him. It was hard because Steve was taller and built a little bigger as well. In the end, Tony was wearing one of Steve’s tighter fitting shirts, but it just looked average on Tony. The shorts were a bit harder as Steve didn’t know his… size. Or anything like that.
“Yeah sure.” Steve handed Tony his phone who began playing around with every app. Tony had his back turned to Steve who simply stared at the back of Tony’s head feeling things he really hadn’t experienced before.
Steve hung up the phone and sat down on his bed. There was no way he could tell Bucky, but there was also no way he could lie for weeks to Bucky’s face. Steve groaned and fell back onto his pillows.
He picked up a screwdriver and threw it at the wall. It clanged loudly against the wall and fell to the floor. He turned to see Pepper and Natasha watching him.
“Okay.” Tony’s happiness was beginning to get slightly annoying and Steve was grateful for that. He found something to focus on to distract from his more than obvious crush.
“I’m sorry, Tony. I don’t know what to tell you.” He sighed and turned back to face the small man. “I don’t remember anything.” Steve knew that was an absolute lie, but he didn’t want to be around Tony any longer. “If you don’t mind, I just want to be left alone.”
The rest of the day passed by slowly. Steve was getting antsy and didn’t have anything to do while he waited. Once it was 6:00, Steve grabbed his bag and ran out the door leaving a note to Peggy saying he would be home late. Steve jogged down the beach scared and excited for the meet up. As Steve was approaching the entrance, he stopped. He realized that maybe someone was messing with him or the note was for something else.
The sand felt hot under his feet so he moved quickly to find a spot to sit. The beach wasn’t very crowded on that Tuesday afternoon, but there were enough people to be subjects of Steve’s drawings. There were kids playing in the waves and parents desperately trying to keep their kids out of trouble. They all became immortalized in the little sketchbook.
Steve’s thoughts were interrupted by a sudden phone alarm. He pulled his hand away from their embrace and saw that he needed to leave in order to make it to dinner on time.
Pepper handed Tony a DVD. It said “In Case of Emergency” on the disk. Tony chuckled and grabbed it from her hand.
When he returned to the house he showered and got ready to go explore the city. He made sure to keep the shell on him to compare to the knicknacks they had in their stores. Steve grabbed his wallet and headed out. He had no car so he walked the three miles in.
The rest of the guests echoed the sentiment. Even Tony smiled in Steve’s direction. It was a great moment and a terrible moment all at the same time. Steve was so overwhelmed by everything going on that he felt like he was going to throw up.
Peter explored the area picking up shells and rocks and playing in the water. Though he seemed grown up, Peter was still a kid and Steve forgot that sometimes. When he found nothing, Peter happily began building a small sand castle.
That night, Peggy and Steve had dinner together. Peggy made spaghetti and meatballs and forced Steve to watch cheesy movies with her. As the night went on, Steve got to know Peggy a lot better.
As Steve was looking at a “mermaid bone” a small kid was tugging on his shirt. Steve took out his headphones and looked at the kid. He was about seven or eight with light brown hair and freckles.
“Okay so this is going to sound really stupid, but is there such thing as magic? Like any form? Ever?”
After Tony’s blow up during the meeting he stormed off to his lab. He was so mad at the world, himself. Mostly himself. He had gotten mad at Steve and made him upset. Tony had never seen Steve so upset, on the verge of tears.
After an awkward breakfast in silence, Steve turned the TV on for Tony and told him he was going to go shower.
“Amazing!” Sandy glanced up at the clock on the wall, “Oh no! I have to get back.” Before she left she said, “You have a gift, Steve: don’t let it go to waste. Thanks for coming down, boys. Peter, tell May I say hi!”
Tony turned his face away and Steve could see the tips of his ears begin to turn red. Steve chuckled softly and pulled out his sketchbook.
Tony once made the mistake of checking on Steve after he had worked out. It had turned out to be an awful decision as he almost started crying when it was over. Tony left with a fire in his soul pushing him to work harder and for longer hours.
The sky was turquoise and the clouds had turned pink as the sun crept closer and closer to the horizon. Once again they piled into the car fully exhausted and ready to just sit still. They returned to Nat’s house where they spent the rest of the night flopped on top of one another watching cheesy movies from the 80s and eating popcorn. Tony kept asking questions about the outfits and crazy plotlines, which Bucky and Nat were eager to answer. Steve simply made up the excuse that Tony had been homeschooled with strict parents.
They started off the morning with a breakfast of funnel cake, followed by a ride on a dangerous looking roller coaster called “The Zipper”, they moved onto the infamous Gravitron (where Tony ended up being upside down the whole time), rode the Kamikaze ride about seven times switching partners and even finding a few strangers to sit next to, and finally topped it all off with lemonade and ice cream.
They got into the car and sped off down the road. Steve was still thinking about what Tony had done. He didn’t know how to interpret it. The good news was that Tony wanted to see him again. The bad news was that holding hands might mean nothing to Tony.
“What are we doing today?” Tony asked with enthusiasm that shouldn’t exist that early in the morning.
One Saturday morning, Peggy had work and Peter had a playdate so Steve had the day to himself. He put on his swim trunks, some flip flops, and put his sketchbook and sea shell in his bag. He felt weird returning to the cove and made sure not to get his hopes up for seeing anything. He made his way down the beach smiling at the familiar faces he now knew. Some people even stopped him to chat. They would ask about school and New York and his art. Steve appreciated the gesture, but ended the conversations quickly and kept walking.
Sandy took it and examined it. She smiled fondly at Steve and said, “I think you’ve caught the attention of a mermaid.”
“Whatever. I can sneak away. He knows I come up here. As long as he doesn’t know I’m with you, I’m fine.”
Steve decided to put that painting on hold until he saw Tony again and could take a picture instead of having to try to remember every detail. He moved on to some charcoal drawings and other smaller pieces he was doing (at Sandy’s request). Thankfully this distracted him for a few more hours until mid afternoon. Steve was getting really excited for seeing Tony again, but had to make sure to keep it on the down low. He didn’t want to go and ruin it with his stupid crush or reveal his plans.
“Yeah, it’s kinda my thing. Not that my parents think it is, but I think it is.” Steve felt his cheeks going red. He didn’t really tell people he drew because they then he set expectations that he didn’t feel he could meet.
“Alright! There you go. Now just move your legs a little. Put them straight out when you go forward. Bend them back when you move back.”
Tony had his tail in the water and Steve lying down with his knees bent. They were sitting shoulder to shoulder admiring the sunset.
When they were done, Steve grabbed Tony and dragged him to the one place Steve had left out on their town tour from a few days back; The Mermaid Museum where this whole crazy journey had started.
