stress." Cas practically growled surprising her; Amelia stomped off and Cas turned around and almost ran into Dean.
"Dean, you okay?" she asked and he just grunted. "You've never been sick during you heat." She stated and to prove her point he puked again and started shivering and sweating. Another round was coming and it hit him hard, he curled up and started crying, with out his glasses Dean could freely rub his eyes trying to wipe the tears away. "Dean honey tell me what's wrong." Mary pleaded and got closer, she could feel the body heat coming from Dean so she didn't get too close.
"Fuck, fuck. Cas I'm close." Dean moaned, "me t-too." I whispered and reached down to stroke myself. Two strokes later I cried out Dean's name and painted our stomachs. "Cas, get off before I knot." Dean said "no, I want your knot, it's been so long." I grouched but repositioned ourselves so we were comfortable. "Dean, get the blanket." "Why, it's freaking hot." Dean groaned, "well, incase Mary does wake up before your knot goes down, I don't want her seeing anything like this." I said, "oh, uh right." Dean said and flung the blanket over our waists.
"Night." Cas hung up and checked the time, 9:30. "What did Gabe want?" Dean asked sitting up not even wincing this time.
I said wiping my face with my sleeve. Once I stopped crying and was calmed down Missouri and I gathered all of Mary's things, "alright bug, ready to go home?" I asked with her bag on my shoulder, "yes mama." Mary said and I scooped her up with my free arm. "Bye Missouri, thank you so much for taking care of Mary, and for the tea." I said as I was walking out the door. "No problem honey, I can watch her anytime." Missouri smiled and waved as we made our way across the yard. I set Mary down and opened the door and Mary took off running into the house.
Dean had a restless night, between Benny's snoring and Charlie's sleep talking, and his ribs he got probably 3 hours of sleep. When 9:30 rolled around he got out of bed, grabbed some clothes and headed towards the bathroom. Once he was done, he grabbed his wallet off his dresser and went downstairs, Mary was already sitting at the table with coffee and toast. "Good, you're up. Do you want me to make you something?" She asked, "nah, I cereal is fine." Dean said and winced when he grabbed a bowl out of the cupboard.
she said. "Alright, oh and before I forget, there's a pork chop, some green beans and garlic mashed potatoes in the microwave for you."
"Well, you should have your baby with in the next two-three hours boys!" she smiled and left the room. "You excited?" Mary asked pulling up another chair, "yeah, mostly nervous at the moment." Dean said, "that's perfectly okay." Mary smiled and patted Dean's hand. "Mom?" "Yes baby?" she said turning her attention to him, "y-you're going to stay with me right?" Dean asked, "of course, if you want me here." she said, "yeah, I-I just want you and Cas in here." he said before a contraction hit.
Once groceries were unloaded Dean and Charlie sat down in the living room and started on making lists of ideas and things they would need. About an hour in, Dean’s phone rang. “Hey babe, what’s up?”
They sat and made small talk while their food cooked. They discussed some wedding plans, whether or not to transfer Henry to a new school and what Dean plans on doing for a job. They agreed on a small wedding mostly just family and a few people Cas work with. Location is still unsure, Dean of course wants pie instead of cake.
"Dean, I'm fine. Gabe, he went into labor and I want you here." I said and I heard Dean let out a breath he was probably holding.
“I know, I’m just looking to see what’s out there… I have classes Monday so I might scope a few things out in between.”
"You know what Cas. Fine. Go without me, and just so you know, I'm no where near perfect. You should fucking know that by now." Dean shouted back and stormed out of the house. I stood there and I could feel the hot tears make it's way down my face. "Mama?" Mary's voice came from behind me, 'shit' I mumbled under my breath and wiped away the tears the spilt. "Yes baby?" I turned around and crouched down, "you okay. Daddy will come back." Mary said quietly wrapping her arms around my neck and more tears fell. I carried her back to the living room and went to the office right off it so I could keep an eye on her and cry silently over the fight.
Missouri said and grabbed my hand. "Yeah, and my heat was a few weeks ago, so when I ordered a beer Dean bout had an heart attack but let me drink it. So I told him after the movie we would stop at the pharmacy to get a test. And when I took it, it was negative; And I was kinda hoping it would be positive." I said and I didn't realize I had starting crying until Missouri pulled me in a hug and was shushing me. "Oh, honey, you'll get to try again next month." "I know, that's what Dean said, but while I was waiting for the results I let my mind wonder and I got excited thinking about Mary being a big sister and I could see her playing with her new brother or sister."
It's been a week since the proposal and we were having a celebration/New Year's Eve party at the Roadhouse. Missouri was watching Mary for the whole night so Dean and I could stay as long as we wanted. There was lots off food and of course lots of drinks but Gabe and I sticked to water. "Alright everyone 15 seconds to go!" Ash yelled and started counting down, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!" Everyone shouted and exchanged kisses and hugs Dean pulled me in for a deep kiss. "Happy New Year Cas." Dean said "Happy New Year Dean." I whispered back and kissed him again.
“Shit.” Cas groaned as he came. They carefully maneuvered themselves to the side of the bed that didn’t have come on it and they laid down.
Dean was softly snoring before Cas could fall back asleep but soon followed him, only to be shook awake what felt like a minute later.
His ears were ringing, blinking his eyes a couple of times, Dean gathered his surroundings, Cas was laying on top of him and John had a gun. That’s when he felt warm sticky blood soaking through his shirt and that Cas was laying way too still.
Dean groaned a little and looked at the alarm clock, '4:30?! Really jr… Let me sleep.' Dean whispered and got a solid kick in return. He carefully slid out of the bed so he wouldn't wake up Cas and walked to the living room, turned on the lamp and grabbed one of his books.
Dean had enough, no matter how hard he snapped the hair tie, it wouldn't work this time. He slowly crawled over to his nightstand taking the razor he hadn't touched in over a month, rolled up his sleeve and pressed the blade down making a small cut, breathing out his release thankful that the voice finally stopped. Dean was too distracted and he didn't hear footsteps outside his door or the door even open, so he almost had a heart attack when Sam came in.
They were into their third scary movie, 'Mama', when there was a knock on Dean's door causing them all to jump. "Dean?" Mary called and poked her head in, Benny paused the movie, "yeah mom?" "I have to be at the hospital at 10, so don't stay up too late, and I'm guessing you two are spending the night, so Charlie, I brought you some of my pajamas you can sleep in, um I didn't really have a shirt, so I'm sure Dean will let you wear one of his." She said handing Charlie the pajamas and giving Dean a knowing look.
Once he was done with practice and showered, Cas went straight to Bobby's room so he could give him the yearbook camera Dean had borrowed to download some pictures for the yearbook. He found Bobby at his desk with a cup of coffee and reading the paper, "morning Bobby." Cas greeted and the old man put the paper down and took the camera. "Mornin'." he huffed but looked at Cas seriously, "congrats by the way…" and Cas was momentarily shocked, of course Dean's aunt and uncle would know about the pregnancy but still took him off guard. "T-thanks." Cas said blushing a little, "wait, Dean did tell you right?" Bobby asked, "yeah, sorry… You just took me off guard." Cas said smiling a little. "Good, you scared me there for a second…" Bobby gruffed, "alright get goin' or you'll be late for your first class." he said shooing him off.
They found everyone in the kitchen and Cas could feel the tension in the air, "Dean, sweetie, how'd it go?" Mary asked when they rounded the corner, "uh, I-I'll tell you later." he said avoiding John at all costs. "Damn it boy, your mother asked you a question you better answer it." John yelled and Cas could see Dean flinch, "f-fine. The doctor appointment went fine." he said, "doctor? What you sick or something?" John asked.
Once Dean knew he was alone he started talking quietly, "don't worry little man.. That whore out there is never going to take your daddy, papa… shit, what ever you end up calling him away…" Dean got a whiff of watermelon and he chuckled, "I'm never going to leave you… I'm not going to leave if you present beta, alpha, or omega. I love you…" Dean whispered.
Dean ran upstairs and sat on his bed finally letting the tears fall. He wish he could call Cas, but he couldn't. He couldn't call Charlie or Benny, but he could call Jo. He trusted Jo with everything; he pulled out his phone and pulled up Jo's number and hit call. Dean let out a broken sob when he got her voicemail.
Sam poked his head in the door, "Dean? C-can Bobby and I come in?" he asked hesitantly. "Yeah Sammy, come here." he grinned and scooted up in the bed so he was sitting up more. Sam pushed the door open and Bobby, along with Jo followed him in; Sam ran over to the bed immediately. "You doin' okay?" he asked giving him the puppy eyes, which made Dean chuckle, "yeah, 'm fine… Ready to be an uncle?" Dean asked.
"Oh god, oh no. Is-is?" John stuttered, "I don't know. He wasn't breathing!" I sobbed and I felt Jess's hand between my shoulder blades. "So? This must be-" "Lily, Lily Marie." Dean said and I rolled over to see Dean pass her over to John. "They took Henry away. They took him away from me." I whispered. "Henry?" Sam asked, "yeah uh. Henry Michael, a combination of our middle names." Dean said and crawled into the bed with me and wrapped his arms around me.
"Maybe you should lie down for a little bit." Dean suggested, "no, I want to be down here and help make food." I said but leaned heavily on Dean. "Please Cas, you would make me feel better if I knew you were lying down and not risking anything." Dean said "alright, but come get me in an hour or so." I said turning to walk up the stairs but stumbled a little so Dean came over and lifted me up bridal style. "Dean!" I gasped and Dean grunted "Jeez, you're heavier than I was expecting." "Well, you are carrying more than one person technically." I chuckled and Dean managed to carry me up the stairs and put me down on the bed. "I'll bring you some more Ginger Ale. Anything else you want?" Dean asked "will you bring me some sweats or pj bottoms? I want to get out of these jeans if I'm going to be laying here." I said already unbuttoning them.
"Alright mom… Love you too." Cas said and hung up tossing his phone next to him on the bed. "I'm glad you called her." Dean said bumping his shoulder against Cas's. "Me too." Cas sighed and ran his hands over his face. "When did he wake up?" Cas asked resting his head on Dean's shoulder and continued to play with Henry's foot.
"Ho-how did we not know?" I asked still staring at the monitor, "well, considering you're only two months and the first month they didn't separate like they normally do. But seeing as they're separate, it'll more than likely be a boy and a girl, but we wont know for a while." Dr. Maddison explained, printed of copies and I put my shirt down and sat up. "Okay Cas, since you're already bigger than last time, is there anything else different from your previous pregnancy?"
"What if you get pregnant." Cas said and that sobered them up pretty quick. "I'm not in heat, it would be a fucking miracle if I did." Dean said. Cas could smell the familiar scent of apples from Dean's slick and he dove in smashing their mouths together. "First, I gotta repay you." Dean said pushing Cas off so their positions were switched, "what do you mean repay me?" Dean just ignored him and unzipped Cas's pants and pulling them off along with his boxers, "Dean what are you-ooohhh god." Cas moaned as Dean took half of Cas's sizable length down his throat, Dean bobbed his head a few time before Cas tried pulling him off. "Dean, as much as I love this, if you don't stop I'm going to pop a knot." Cas gasped and Dean slid off the bed and quickly removed his own jeans and now soaked boxers. "Then you better get to it, 'lover boy.'" Dean grinned using the nickname from earlier.
"What's got you smiling like a teenaged girl?" Gabe teased so I showed him the picture of Mary on Santa's lap. "Well ain't that cute, little creepy but cute." Gabe said handing me my phone. "Creepy? How's it creepy?" "Come ooonnn Cas, an old man dressed up like Santa and has a bunch of little kids sit on his lap and he asks them if they've been naughty this year. Little pervy if you asks me." Gabe said shoving more popcorn into his mouth. "What ever." I grumbled.
He made it to the top of the floor when he smelt it, blood, so much blood. "Dean." Cas gasped and sprinted down the hall and pushed open the bathroom floor. "Oh god, SAM! SAM CALL 911!" Cas yelled tears filling his eyes. He fell to the floor grabbing a few rags from under the sing to tie around Dean's wrists, "Dean, baby stay with me." Cas said tears falling freely as he tried to stop the bleeding, when he saw a piece of paper onto of the sink.
Cas found Dean sitting on the edge of their bed in nothing but his boxers. Cas went into the bathroom and ran hot water into the bathtub and dumped some lavender bath oil in. He went back into the bedroom and carefully got Dean’s attention and got him into the bathtub. He turned around to leave when Dean grabbed his hand.
I said strapping her into her high chair and set her food on her plate and cup; she had little chunks of chicken some mashed potatoes and a few green beans. I sat down next to Dean, who had also filled my plate; "thank you." I said patting his knee under the table and Dean just smiled at me with his mouth full of food. "That's disgusting. Don't do that again." I said grossed out and John smacked him upside the head "I raised you better than that boy." John said.
I shut the door and went upstairs to get ready; Dean was still in the shower when I finished getting dressed so I went back downstairs. Dean came down 15 minutes later wearing jeans that was snug in all the right places, a black t-shirt with a green flannel that was un buttoned and the sleeves were rolled up. I couldn't stop staring, "you look good." I smiled and walked over to kiss him. "You look hot." Dean said looking me up and down, I had on black jeans that also were snug in all the right places with a dark blue shirt and I wore my glasses.
"I-I'm sorry? Mr. Olsen was reluctant to let me leave… What's going on?" he asked getting a bad feeling in his gut. "It's show time Cas." Bobby said clapping Cas' shoulder then signed them out. "Show time? What?" Cas asked completely confused, "Dean's in the hospital… Ellen called a few minutes ago saying his water broke." Bobby said slowly. Cas just stared at him like he had grown a second head, "you listenin' boy?" Bobby huffed and Cas turned around and took off in a dead sprint outside.
Dean pulled up the driveway and they met Mary in the kitchen. "Hi boys. How was school?" She asked, "Fine. Boring." Cas and Dean answered at the same time and Mary just laughed and let them go upstairs. The went into Dean's room and Dean began getting some clothes to change into for tonight. Cas set his duffle on the edge of the bed and pulled out his clothes.
"I have to keep an eye on Henry." Dean said not bothering to move, "Sam can watch him." Bobby said and walked out; sighing, Dean got up and set Henry in his crib and followed his uncle up the stairs.
“Don’t be smart with me.” Mary warned. “I just wanted to make sure. I’ll be headed up that way soon.”
Inside Cas was already at his locker getting the things he needed for his first class when he heard someone come up next to him. Before he could get a look, he was crushed into a hug, that's when he smelt it. Underneath the scent blocker Cas could make out the small scent of apples. "Dean! Oh, I've missed you." he said squeezing Dean tighter, "I've missed you too." Dean sighed and the quickly scented each other with out realizing it.
It didn’t take long for them to get everything loaded up into the suburban and Charlie’s bug. Dean followed Charlie into the kitchen and told Henry that they would be back soon and reminded him one more time to be good.
"So?!" Charlie practically yelled. "Alright, I'm going to tell you but you seriously need to keep it on the down low." Cas said and the two just nodded. "Okay, so Dean and I found out that we're True Mates-" "What! How?! That's amazing!" Charlie interrupted, "I'm getting there. Shush." Cas glared, "we know because when we had sex on homecoming night, Dean obviously wasn't in heat but he's pregnant." Cas said quiet enough, no one around them could hear but Benny and Charlie could. "PRE-" Charlie started to yell but Cas slammed his hand over her mouth. "SHHH!"
Cas stayed awake the whole time we was tied to Dean, as creepy as it sounds, he watched Dean sleep. His eyes roaming his body, stopping at the scars; Cas leaned down and gently kissed a few of the scars as if his kiss would make them disappear. Dean had been doing so well, he hadn't cut in a little over a month and Cas was so proud of him.
"You're beautiful Cas." Dean whispered and placed a kiss on top of the swell. I pushed him back and sank to my knees and took the tip of Dean's cock in my mouth and sucked. "GAH!" Dean gasped I continued to suck his dick for a few minutes then pulled off, "as much as I'd like to continue this, Mary has a tendency to take short naps." I said moving up to straddle Dean's hips and I slowly sunk down groaning as Dean filled me up. "Cas, oh god. Still so fucking tight." Dean groaned bucking his hips up hitting my prostate. "Well, it's been a while." I moaned and thrusted down to meet Dean's thrusts.
“I’m not going to hurt you honey. I’m an omega too.” Dean said softly and continued to slowly approach her. The closer he got the easier she was able to smell the omega scent coming off him. Dean saw her relax and heard her let out a huge sigh of relief. He slowly sat down next to her, set his sketch pad and pencils and just waited for her to start talking.
"Alright Jo, come here. Ellen you too, I know you both are itching to see it…" Dean chuckled and he walked towards Bobby's study for a little bit of privacy knowing Bobby and Ash would be uncomfortable with it. Mary and Sam have seen enough of it that they didn't follow, but Cas did, "lemme see lemme seeeeee" Jo said jumping up and down. "Jesus, you're just as bad as Charlie." Dean rolled his eyes but lifted his shirt up over the bump and turned slightly to the side.
Once dinner was over with we were all sitting in the living room, "okay Cas, let't get the pictures out." Dean said "I was going to wait till Mary goes to bed, that way she's not constantly wanting to look at them and you can take the time you need." I said and leaned on his good arm. "Mama?" "what?" "babies? I wanna see." Mary said standing between my legs and looking up at me. "Sweetie, you can't see the twins yet, but you can see my tummy." I said smiling, "okay!" Mary said with a big smile so I took my shirt off and sat up, "give me your hands." I said and I took Mary's small hands and put them on my stomach.
"Hey Cas. How's it goin?" John greeted me when I came in. "Good, how are you?" I asked taking off my jacket. "Alright I guess. I'll go get Dean, go ahead and sit in my office." John said turning around to head into the shop. "Hey babe, how'd it go?" Dean asked coming into John's office wiping his hands on a rag. "Good, Gabriel is going to have a boy." I smiled and leaned in to give Dean a kiss trying not to get oil on my clothes. "Wow, cool. How bout you every thing looking okay?" Dean asked, "Dr. Maddison go called in for an emergency C-section so no, we didn't get a chance to get things looked at, but we rescheduled it for Saturday." I explained leaning against the desk.
Dean sent the message opened his Itunes on his phone. Right as Rambling On came up his phone chimed,
"Mom, I don't know what to wear!" Mary groaned and threw another shirt onto her bed, "do you know where Anthony is taking you?" I asked moving over to her closet, "we're just going to the Roadhouse and then the movies." I rummaged through her closet and pulled out a black tank top and a green flannel shirt. "Here, wear this with your skinny black jeans. The green will make your eyes pop." I said handing the shirts over.
Cas slowly pushed in and they both moaned when he bottomed out, "move you idiot." Dean huffed and Cas just nipped at his collarbone and started moving slowly. Once they were knotted together, Cas held Dean closely and rubbed the small baby bump. "I love you. So much." Cas whispered and Dean just grabbed his hand, "I love you too."
Dean was laying on his bed reading a book when there was a soft knock on the door. Mary poked her head in, "you ready to talk honey?" she asked and Dean felt a twinge of panic, he had almost forgotten that his mom saw his scars and that she wanted to talk. "Uh, yeah, I guess…" Dean said slowly sitting up. "Okay, I'm going to go change then I'll be back in." She said and left the doorway, returning 5 minutes later. Mary came back in the room in baggy pajama pants and a t shirt, she slid up the bed to sit next to Dean.
"Okay, Dean and I talked about it, Lisa and Garth, you two will cover arts/music and any fun candids, while Becky you deal with academics, Cas and Dean will deal with sports. When you finish a page print it off and hand it in to me and me and Dean'll go over it and find any mistakes. Any questions?" Bobby asked and everyone said no and went back to their desks to do their quiz, which Dean knew he aced. "Oh, by the way, don't forget about your collages, I've decided to assign it again at the end of the year to see if you're family has grown or changed in any way." Bobby said and then went back to grading the quizzes.
he asked and just assumed Charlie got free and wanted the phone. He called his father real quick to make sure he could go.
"I'm glad you're okay." Cas said kissing the top of Dean's head, and there was a knock on the door. "Guys, mom said whenever your ready to go downstairs. She wants to talk to you." Sam's voice came through, "kay, thanks Sammy." Dean yelled. "We need to tell your parents." Dean said already making his way out of the bed, "yeah, about that…" Cas started, following Dean who had stopped and turned to face him. "What…" "They are in California… And they wont be back till the end of next month." Cas said rubbing the back of his neck, "and I don't think this is a good thing to say over the phone." he continued. "So, your parents wont know I'm pregnant till I'm already a month into it?!" Dean stated, "yeah." Cas said quietly.
So when Monday rolled around and when Dean woke up not in heat, he was a little curious… 'Probably nothing, it'll probably start later or tomorrow.' Dean thought to himself and went downstairs to watch tv. Dean spent the day watching tv and starting his paintings for the art show. He'd already drawn a picture of Lucy for the drawing half of the contest, so now he just needed something to paint.
Sam came home a few minutes later with Mary and they found the two snuggled up on the couch watching 'The Hobbit'. "Hi boys." Mary greeted, "hi mom." Dean smiled, "hello Mary." "Cas sweetie are you staying for supper?" She asked, "if that's alright with you." he said and they both sat up so they could see Mary better. "Cas, you know it's no problem." Mary smiled kissing their cheeks before heading to the kitchen.
She took my blood pressure and drew some blood, "okay Cas, I'll take this to the lab, it'll probably be a few day's before we get the results, but if you follow me, we'll get the scan, take a look and then you can go home." Dr. Maddison said and I followed her to another room. "Okay Cas, I'm going to have to have you strip down to your boxers, you can leave your shirt on but the metal in your jeans will mess up the scan." She explained and left the room to take my blood sample to the lab. I stripped down and laid on the table. The scan was quick, so once I was dressed again I followed the doctor back to our original room and she put the picture of the scan up on the board.
All Henry needed was a diaper change, so once Dean got him situated, he made his way to the bedroom. Before he got the door open he could hear Cas talking, "I miss you too… He's doing good… He is, he's been home about a week now." Dean heard him let out a small chuckle and that's when he pushed the door open; Cas was sitting cross-legged on the bed with his back against the headboard.
He waited until Mary was out of the room before he got up and got dressed. Dean pulled on a pair of loose sweats and one of Cas’ tshirts, inhaling his scent. He paused at the bedroom door, he felt safe in the bedroom. Downstairs is where he had issues, specifically the kitchen. Dean took a deep breath and forced himself down the stairs into the living room.
"Yeah, I really would." Cas said "oh, um… Yeah, that would be awesome." Dean said blushing even more and Cas busted out in a huge grin. "Cool, uh. I'll text you details?" Cas said, "um yeah, give me your phone. I'll put my number in." Dean said glancing at Bobby since you weren't supposed to use your phones in school unless for an emergency. When Dean locked eyes with Bobby, he winked which made Dean blush even more, he quickly punched his number into Cas's phone and sent himself a quick text to get Cas's number.
They went through the whole first act of the play and after Mrs. Rosen gave her announcements Dean went to clean up his mess from painting. Once he was done he couldn't find Cas, but he did see Charlie; "hey, have you seen Cas?" he asked, "no, but I think I saw him walk back stage." Charlie said patting Dean's shoulder before going home.
He thought about their kiss, they way they ground into each other. The more heavier his memories got the faster he stroked, and by weird chance, he came all over himself when he remembered coming down Cas's throat. Dean came down from his high and was sane for a little bit. He made a face at the come on his hand and stomach so he quickly washed it off with the bath water and decided to go to his room.
The three of them ate their lunch all eyeing Dean after about 10 minutes Bobby came back in with a sleeping Henry and Dean about knocked over his chair to get to his son. "Calm down or you'll wake the pup." Bobby grouched but handed Henry to his daddy. "Idjit." he mumbled and walked to his desk, "well, all the girl teachers are hooked." Bobby grinned and Cas just smiled in return but kept a careful eye on Dean.
“Okay baby. Benny won’t come over anymore.” Dean sighed and had Henry stand up so he could rinse his body off before wrapping him in a towel and getting him to use the bathroom.
Cas wrapped his arm around Dean and pulled him closer, “there’s no rush on the wedding. We could get married 10 years from now and I’d still be perfectly happy… We’re going to get through this. I promise.”
Smelling angry alpha Sam took a step back and Henry started fussing. Hearing his son getting upset, Cas took a deep breath and calmed down a little, "thank you, Sam, for taking care of Henry." Cas said and made his way downstairs. An hour later, Mary and Dean walked through the door with pizza. As soon as Dean entered the counter Cas was all over him, he gently took Dean's face in his hand and checked out his cheek. It was still slightly swollen but the bruise had gotten darker, "Dean, what happened to your hand?" Cas asked softly, noticing the brace. "Punched the ass in the jaw and broke my knuckle." Dean murmured and leaned into his mate, the day catching up to him.
A few hours later Dean was leaning against the wall with Cas, (more like keeping him up with all he's drank) talking to a few people that used to be on the swim team with Cas when he felt his phone vibrate. He pulled it out in case it was Sam and read the message
We got home and I put Mary in the living room and turned on cartoons. "Mama?" "Yes Mary?" I called from the kitchen "Juice?" she asked coming into the kitchen as I was putting the pie on the counter. "What do you say?" I asked already pulling out her sippy cup. "Please mama." Mary said trying to mimik Sam's puppy eyes. "Good girl." I said and handed her some apple juice, "want me to put in 'Frozen' while we wait for daddy?" I asked pulling a bottle of water out of the fridge. "YA!" Mary screamed and ran to the living room stepping on Squirt's tail causing him to run and hide under the table.
Cas laid there and slowly ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. The action made Dean fall into a deeper sleep and he started snoring softly. Dean’s natural scent starts becoming more noticeable instead of the smell of stress and upset omega.
Cas smiled a little and wiped away Dean's remaining tears. And they both were assaulted with the smell of watermelon making them both chuckle. "I guess the pup was feeling left out." Dean said moving a hand down to the bump. "I guess so." Cas smiled and helped Dean up; once he splashed some water on his face Cas handing him his glasses and they went back to their room.
"Sure, what do you need help with?" he asked putting down the chips, "well, there's this new girl in my class and her name is Jess… And she's like super pretty, and the spring dance is coming up and I want to ask her… But I'm afraid she, well and her parents are going to be like most of my friends." Sam said, "what do you mean like most of your friends?" Cas asked, "well, they still talk to me at school and stuff, but their parents, besides Andy's don't want them coming over and stuff because of Dean… So I'm just afraid that Jess' parents are going to be the same." Sam explained.
"Oh, this is cool!" Sam grinned once they got it all assembled, it was a grey swing with a little elephant mobile above it. Dean just stared at it and got a little teary eyed since his hormones were still a little whacky, "Dean? You okay?" Sam asked moving closer to his brother. "Yeah, Sammy. I'll be fine." Dean chuckled and wrapped his arm around him and squeezed, "stay down here tonight. You can join us for movie night." Dean smiled, "okay! I'm going to go back upstairs and shut the tv off and I'll be back down." Sam grinned and bolted up the stairs.
"Oh, Dean honey, I found these and I thought you could wear them on your wrists… I-I know no one at your school knows about the accident and I jus thought if you'd want to wear these you could." Mary said quietly handing Dean two thick leather bracelets. "Thanks mom, yeah, that would be nice." Dean smiled and put them on.
"Thanks again Missouri for watching Mary today, it'll be a lot easier to prepare the food for tomorrow with out having to worry about Mary." Dean said when Missouri came over to get Mary. "It's no problem, I enjoy spending the day with her." She smiled and took Mary next door, "Cas? Cas where'd you go?" I heard Dean call out "bathroom." I called out weakly and threw up again. "This is one thing I do NOT miss about pregnancy." I groaned and rested my head on my arm and I felt Dean kneel next to me and rub my back. "I know baby, but only about a month left of it." Dean said quietly and I shoved him back and puked again right as the door bell rang.
"Oh, well it's none of my business what you two fought about so, I'll head home then. You okay to take him upstairs?" John asked "uh, help would be nice I don't know how well he's going to do with stairs at the moment." I asked shifting under his weight. 5 minutes later we finally got Dean into our bedroom and we dropped him onto the bed where he started giggling. "Idiot." John grumbled and patted my shoulder and left. I started pulling off Dean's boots and socks when I heard him start snoring; I rolled my eyes and continued to strip him down to his boxers and under the covers.
“I’m sorry Dean I just got side tracked with cleaning up the yard. I’ll make him dinner here in a minute.”
Dean pulled his flannel back and lifted his shirt up over the bump and Charlie actually screamed making everyone flinch and Lucy to run out of the room, "oh my god! It's so cute!" She giggled running over and placed her hands on each side of the bump.
"So Cas, prom is this weekend, you sure you and Dean aren't going?" Charlie asked while they were at lunch. "No, Crowley told us we weren't allowed to go this year because of Henry, and besides, even if we were able to, I don't think Dean would want to." Cas said, "instead I have a date night planned." he grinned. "Ooohhh details!" She grinned.
Before the movie even ended Dean started moving his hand up higher on Cas's thigh and began nibbling on his throat. "Mm, Dean." Cas moaned tilting his head, "let's go upstairs." Dean whispered, "but the movie isn't over." Cas said, "we'll finish it tomorrow." Dean said rubbing Cas's quickly growing member through his jeans.
"Why would I quit? I love swimming and Dean's at almost every meet anyway." Cas shrugged, "oh and Cassie, you do know mom and dad aren't going to back till next month right." Gabe mentioned, "I'm aware." Cas said turning the tv on and his phone chimed, *
"Hey guys!" Jo greeted the group, "hi Jo." Everyone except Dorothy, Andrea, and Gabe said. "What's with the fancy dresses and nice clothes?" She asked, "tonight's homecoming, and we're eating here before the dance cause we don't want to go to the game." Dean said leaning against Cas's side, "yeah, we're not staying long though, we are gonna go to Dorothy's house and have a small party." Charlie grinned.
"Yeah, I guess that's true." Dean mumbled "by the way Cas, Mary's costume is absolutely adorable!" Jess said, "thank you. Missouri actually found it when she went shopping one day." I said "it fit her nicely and she really liked it." An hour later we said our goodbyes and I snuggled closer to Dean, "don't forget tomorrow Gabe and I have an appointment at the clinic." I said after a yawn. "Are you sure you don't want me to go?" Dean asked wrapping his arms around me, "I'm sure, Gabe doesn't like going alone and it's just a check up. I'll stop by the shop after and let you know how it went." I said and quickly fell asleep.
“Because I was no longer a Novak 4 years ago. I had the name but I wasn’t legally a Novak and I don’t want the name anymore.” Cas explained.
"Mary?" Cas asked walking into the living room. "Cas, sweetie, um this is kind of awkward, but Dean's heat is really bad." Mary started and Cas felt his heart speed up. "Is he okay?" Cas asked, "well, he keeps asking for you and he's never asked for an alpha before, so I was thinking if I could just borrow a few of your shirts that way he has your scent… Hopefully that can calm him down." Mary said and he just nodded and ran back upstairs.
"Tha's a loooonnnnng ways away." Cas said then burped. "Oh that's nasty." Sam said making a face and they heard Jess giggle behind them. "I'm sorry you have to see him like this Jess." Dean apologized once he and Sam got Cas on the bed. "It's okay." She smiled and her and Sam headed back upstairs so her mom could pick her up. "Alright boozy, let's get you ready for bed." Dean said more to himself.
Dean looked at his ring, “honestly, I forgot we were engaged. We’ve been together for so long now that I already feel married to you.”
“No, it’s okay. I want to see him before he leaves.” Dean slid out of bed and went into the bathroom.
“No, I know. I just was still in my dream I guess when I woke up and you tried touching me. I was yelling at you in my dream… Told you you’d never see Henry again and when I went to leave I fell down the stairs. That’s when I woke up.” Dean curled into Cas and let him rub his back.
“Shh, go back to sleep.” Cas soothed. Henry coughed a couple of times before falling back to sleep. Cas watched him for a few minutes before going into the bathroom to take his shower.
The bell rang and a few minutes later Cas walked in talking to Garth and smiled when he noticed Dean and Henry. "Hey." he mumbled and gave Dean a hug and bent over the car seat, "how are you today big man?" he whispered and chuckled when Henry spit out the pacifier, smiled and started kicking his legs. More people started filling in and once they realized who was in the room, they swarmed Dean and Henry.
Later that night Dean and I were laying in bed right before going to bed when I felt a small twinge in my lower stomach. I didn't say anything not wanting to make a big deal out of nothing. "Night Cas." Dean whispered and kissed my cheek before burring himself under the covers, "night." I whispered back and tried to get comfortable. I tossed and turned for what felt like forever before I got remotely comfortable to sleep. Sometime during the night I jolted awake with a familiar pain jolt through me. "Finally." I whispered and sat up and began to shake Dean awake.
Cas's heart skipped and started to race when he saw Dean curled into a ball on the ground; "Dean, Cas is here, he's going to lift you off the floor okay?" Mary said gently, Dean slowly uncurled himself, "Cas!" he said somehow looking happy, "okay Cas, slowly." Mary said and he looped his arms under Dean's armpits and started lifting only to stop when Dean protested. "NO! NO stop! Stop it hurts!" Dean pleaded tears now running down his face. Upstairs Benny and Charlie could hear Dean's cries, "should we go see what's going on?" Charlie asked looking worried. "I think it would be better to stay up here… Cas and Mary have things under control, uh… Mary will come get us if we're needed. We should give them some privacy." Benny said.
Two hours later Dean had a sleeping Mary over his shoulder and we said our goodbyes. Dean got her put in her carseat with out waking her up and we headed home. Once we got home I pulled out Mary's ponytail letting the curls fall and put her in her small bed. I walked into our room and got ready for bed since I had to open the bakery in the morning.
Mary was asleep by time we got home so I carried her inside, "go ahead and let everyone know we're home. Tell them they can come over around 2. I'm going to take a shower and then take a nap." I said quietly once we got inside. "Okay, a nap sounds nice I just might join you." Dean said carrying the duffle upstairs and I followed with Mary. "Keep an eye on her while I take a shower then you can take one." I said laying Mary down on the fresh sheets and peeled off my shirt. "Cas, shouldn't we put her in her own bed?" Dean asked following me into the bathroom.
"DEAN!" A blonde woman yelled and pulled him in a huge hug once they got to the Roadhouse. Cas was so confused, 'who is this chick and why is she hugging Dean?' Cas thought to himself, he didn't know it but apparently they could smell the jealousy, "easy big boy. I'm not after your man." The mystery woman said pulling away from Dean, "Cas. Baby it's okay, this is my cousin, Jo." Dean smiled and Cas instantly calmed down. "I-I'm sorry I didn't know." Cas stuttered turning a little red.
Dean couldn’t speak for a second because he knew he’d start crying so he took a few shaky, deep breaths and started his vows.
"Okay Mary, let's get you dried off and into some clothes." I said walking over to the little pool. "No mama! Not yet!" Mary whined baking away from me. "Mary. Please? You're all wrinkly." I asked trying to stay calm, "no!" Mary shouted plopping down into the water. "Mary Elizabeth. Come on. You're done swimming for the day, you've been there for an hour and half. It's almost time for lunch." I whispered trying not to make a scene. "NO! I don't wanna!" Mary started crying and Dean came over with the towel and scooped her up causing Mary to scream and kick. "Enough!" Dean yelled and she instantly stilled but continued to cry because we hardly ever yell at her. I followed Dean into the house and took Mary from Dean and she calmed down a little. "Dean will you go get her other clothes from the car?" I asked as I started to dry Mary off who began shivering.
I Mary's apple cut up in small chunks and set them in front of her when the doorbell rang. I was in baggy pajama pants and one of Dean's AC/DC shirts, "I hope it's not anyone important." I told Mary and went to open the door. "Oh, hello John." I said and moved out of the way to let him in. "Morning Cas, sorry to drop by so early and unannounced I just wanted to bring this by and talk to you and Dean for a minute." John said hanging his coat in the closet with the others and kicked off his boots. "That's fine, Dean's in the shower and I was just about to make pancakes. Would you like some coffee?" I asked "that would be great. Thanks Cas." John said and followed me into the kitchen "Grampa!" Mary yelled when she saw John, "hi sweetie. How are you?" John asked and kissed her forehead.
Dean took a big breath and let it out slowly looking up at Cas. "Okay, so you know homecoming night, a-at Dorothy's party… And we had sex for the first time?" Dean started his voice shaking a little, and Cas let out a nervous chuckle, "yeah, I remember… It was amazing." "Yeah it was. But uh." Dean started but stopped and Cas could see tears forming in his eyes, "I-I don't know how to say this." he sniffed breaking eye contact. "Dean, just say it, please you're starting to scare me." Cas said his heart racing.
Cas was sitting on the couch with Henry on his lap and was on the phone. "Alright, thanks Charlie. See you tonight." he hung up as Dean sat next to him, "Charlie said the party starts at 7 but her, Dorothy, and Benny don't plan on being there till around 8." he explained. "Okay, Sammy said that he and Jess can watch Henry tonight Dean smiled. "Good, come on let's get him down for a nap." Cas suggested.
"I don't know… Maybe we'll just leave you here with Squirt, and daddy and I will go open all the presents with grandpa and Uncle Sammy…" "NO!" Mary screamed and ran over to Dean. "Daddy!" She said sniffling "aww baby girl, you know mama's teasing, we wouldn't open presents without you." Dean said and picked her up. "Come on, let's get your jacket on. With Mary strapped in her carseat I got in and leaned over to kiss Dean on the cheek. "What was that for?" Dean asked changing hands on the steering when so he could hold my hand.
By time their movie was over, Dean could hardly keep his eyes open. He was on his side with his feet propped on Charlie's legs and his head on Cas' lap half asleep half conscious. "Dean, the movie's over." Cas said patting his shoulder, Dean just groaned and shrugged the hand off. "Dean come on." Cas said a little louder, "whaaatttt." he whined; "movies over Sleeping Beauty. Benny and I are leavin'." Charlie chuckled and grabbed Dean's arm to help him sit up.
Dean took a couple deep breaths and locked eyes with Cas through the glass door. Dean smiled, “ready.”
Jessica nodded her head and started rocking a bit. “Okay, mind if I tell you a little story?” Jessica looked over at Dean and nodded.
I changed Mary once again into some jeans and put her sweatshirt on since it was starting to cool down, once we got back outside it was completely dark so I made my way to a lawn chair next to Jess and sat Mary on my lap right as the first firework went off. "Mama! So pretty!" Mary said staring up at the sky. The fireworks lasted for bout an hour and then Bobby and John set up a fire to make smore's, which Mary LOVED. Once I got her all cleaned up and everyone had enough food we all sat around the fire with Mary passed out on Dean's lap. When Sam and Dean nodded at each other, Dean carefully put Mary in my lap with out waking her up, "where are you going?" I whispered, "I'll be right back." Dean whispered and he and Sam disappeared into the house.
"Damn it Mary, hold still!" Dean fussed while trying to pull Mary's curls into a ponytail and keep the now two year old on his lap. "No daddy! No tail!" Mary screamed trying to pull away from her father, and she noticed me walk into the living room, "mama! Help me!" Mary cried. "Sorry, baby girl… You know you gotta get ready otherwise you don't get any birthday presents." I teased. Mary gasped "nooo, I be good." She sat still on Dean's lap and he finally got her hair up and let her down. "Mama! I pwetty now! Go." Mary said clinging on to my leg.
Later that night Sam’s phone kept going off and Dean was getting curious and slightly jealous because Cas hasn’t texted him once. “Who are you taking to?”
"Ah, nope he was a little nervous about staying with her alone, but I told him I'd be keeping my phone on and that Missouri is right next door. If he doesn't think he can handle it, I'll go home." I said turning on the ovens and started pulling things out for muffins. Charlie and I were sitting at the table closest to the coffee counter when Gabe and Amelia walked in, "morning Cassie, Charlie." Gabe greeted us and started getting the register ready, "morning." Charlie and I said at the same time. "Morning, so Cas, we're going to drop Claire off at your place at 6 right?" Amelia asked while getting things ready with coffee.
"He-he cheated. He told me he kissed Lisa." I whispered "his ex-girlfriend Lisa?!" Gabe asked and I nodded, "that son of a bitch." He growled, "he claimed that he was so drunk he didn't know what was going on." I said chuckling darkly. "What are you gonna do?" "I told him there would be a bag on the porch and that I didn't care where he went and I would determine when he got to see Mary again." I sniffled. Gabe left an hour later once he was convinced I was calm and was going to be okay, I went upstairs and got Mary out of her bed and put her with me in mine.
break your own daughters heart. How selfish can you be? If you didn’t get the hint back then that I do not want you, nor care about you, then you are more insane than I thought. You helped Alistair hurt Dean, do you even believe I could
Even though Cas ran out of the school, he still couldn't avoid Amelia, by time he got to his car, there she was. She was leaning against the door, "what do you want?" Cas groaned, "you going to Heather's end of the school year party?" Amelia asked. "I don't know. Depends on if Dean wants to go." Cas said, "why does it matter if he goes. You don't have to have your omega's permission to do anything, I mean you are an alpha." Amelia scoffed.
"Well, when you were in the bathroom today Charlie asked if we had any names yet, and when I said no she said you could always name her 'Charlie Marie'." Dean chuckled "and I figured what the hell, let's have the middle name be Marie. And Lily just popped into my head." "I love it. Henry Michael and Lilly Marie." I whispered and ran a hand over my stomach. "Come on, the water is getting cold and I promised you a foot rub." Dean said and got out first and helped my out of the tub.
"Come on Cas, we finally have the house to ourselves tonight, and it's only 9." Dean said, "no Dean. I'm not in the mood." I said and rolled to my side and pulled up the blanket. "Fine." Dean grouched and got off the bed and I heard his dresser open and close. "Where are you going?" I asked sitting up so I could see him, "out." Was all Dean said as he tugged on jeans and a t-shirt. "Really Dean. Just because I turn you down for sex one night because I finally want to sleep you throw a bitch fit and leave?" I said getting pissed. "Pretty much." And Dean walked out and I flinched when I heard the front door slam. "UGH!" I groaned and flopped back down on the mattress.
“Well I’m happy he was there and that you’re mostly okay.” Dean said softly and gave her a small hug. “Can you give me some detail of what he looks like so I can get a sketch down?”
"I'm the owner, Zachariah wants me there so he can make sure everything's perfect and besides, I'll have a chair to sit in every now and then." We pulled into the parking lot of the community center and started pulling everything out of the van. "Oh you're here! Fantastic. If you'll follow me I have the tables set up for you and everything and Castiel I know you requested a chair for you so I will go find one." Zachariah said and left us to set up. When we finally got everything set up, I felt a sharp kick to my side.
Cas hissed at the sudden coldness on the overheated flesh, "Dean you're wearing too much clothing." Cas frowned and helped Dean out of his shirt and pants, "that's better." he mumbled and slowly pushed Dean onto the bed and crawled on top of him. "Thank you for tonight. I love you Cas, so fucking much." Dean whispered, "I'd do anything for you Dean, I love you too." Cas also whispered and ducked down to capture Dean's lips.
When Halloween came around I put my shirt back on and Dean had on his favorite Batman shirt, Mary was dressed like a dragonfly, and we even had a little pirate hat for Squirt . We had Missouri take a quick picture of us so we could send it to Sam and Jess, "oh Mary aren't you the cutest! And I'm so happy for you two!" Missouri said once the picture was taken, "thank you Missouri." I said. "Okay bug, ready to go get some candy?" Dean asked bouncing Mary on his hip, "yes!" she squealed and Dean put her in the stroller. An hour later and a bag full of candy, we returned home with Mary passed out in her stroller. "Go put the candy in the kitchen and I'll put Mary to bed." I said unstrapping and carried her up the stairs.
“No. And that’s the thing, Claire is either already there when I drop Henry off or she’s gone by time I pick him up. So if it is her, she’s staying away. Which is a good thing but I just have this gut feeling like something’s up.”
"Well alrighty then… Why don't you head on down to the pool and get some pictures." Bobby said handing him the camera. "Bobby, it's just practice…" Dean said "yeah, but it'd be nice to have a few candid ones too." Bobby said, "now go. Just bring the camera to school tomorrow, I'm going to the Roadhouse." "Okay, tell Ellen I say hi." Dean said and headed towards the pool.
“In here!” he yelled back. Charlie hadn’t come to see him since she took him to the hospital. She had texted him almost everyday but Dean didn’t really respond.
Mary was a little suspicious to how they were so close already when they've only known each other a week… She brushed it off know that true mates were practically a myth and went up to he son. When they heard Mary's footsteps, Dean and Cas pulled apart; "Dean, it's going to be easier if you take your shirt off." Mary said not even thinking about her son's scars. Dean looked terrified and it scared Cas, "Dean, it's going to be okay." Cas soothed and Dean just shook his head, "mom… uh. Do I have to?" Dean asked new tears forming in his eyes.
Dean was now very interested in getting home Sunday. As much as he’d like to go home tomorrow, he promised Sam a fun filled day.
Cas quickly shoved everything in the fridge and sat down next to Dean, who already started eating. They sat in a comfortable silence but when Cas turned to say something, he couldn’t help but chuckle softly. Dean had fallen asleep with his fork full of food, half way to his mouth.
One of Dean's hands moved from my hip and he wrapped it around my dick making me moan, it only took a few strokes before I was coming over his hand and on the bed. "Shit." I continued to moan and began to push myself back to meet Dean's thrusts a few thrusts later Dean was coming, he moved us to our sides to wait for Dean's knot to go down.
"Aww, is someone feeling left out?" I teased picking her up and buried her face in my neck. Dean came back in with Bobby Ellen and John, "what's wrong with Mary?" Dean asked coming up behind me and I felt him push Mary's hair back. I turned around, "she's feeling left out because of the baby." I said "hmm, makes you wonder a little about when, well you know…" Dean said quietly looking around to see if anyone heard them. "Dean! Stop making goo-goo eyes at your man and serve this chili you've been yammerin' bout!" Bobby grumped earning a smack in the head from Ellen, "alright, don't get your panties in a wad old man." Dean chuckled and there was a faint 'idjit' from the dining room. I walked into the dining room and tried to put Mary in her high chair and Mary freaked out.
“Later red.” he winked, “hope you brought your swim suit otherwise I’m afraid Henry’s going to get your clothes all wet.”
“Henry, come on man. Benny isn’t going to hurt you. He’s daddy and papa’s friend.” Dean said, trying to get Henry to stop clinging to him. Henry just hurried his face into Dean’s neck.
"You're pwetty." Mary smiled and gave her a hug. "Aw, thank you, you're pretty too." Jess chuckled and kissed her cheek causing Mary to giggle and run away. "Okay bug, how bout we eat supper and you can open presents?" Dean asked coming back into the living room and wrapped an arm around my waist. "Yay!" Was all Mary had to say and took off running towards the kitchen. I put her in her high chair and gave her, her food. "Mama! Presents!"
Luckily enough, Charlie listened just this one time, "I'm going to take a nap, because those hospital beds are the most uncomfortable places to sleep." Dean yawned, "lay with me?" he asked "of course." Cas smiled and followed Dean into the bedroom. Cas shucked off his jeans and crawled under the covers, as soon as Dean got comfortable, snuggled up to Cas' side, there was a solid kick to his side. "Ugh, you have the worst timing." Dean groaned, "what?" Cas asked confused, "the pup is moving and I can never sleep when he does." Dean sighed and jumped a little when he felt Cas press his palm to the side of his stomach and start rubbing. "This help?" Cas whispered, "hmm, a little." Dean mumbled and eventually passed out.
"Dean you shouldn't be drinking if you're driving home." Cas said taking the cup from him. "Cas, I can't drink anyway, I'm still nursing Henry. It's pop." Dean chuckled and took the drink back but Cas took a sip anyway. "Okay, you're good." he said and handed it back. "Ass hat." Dean rolled his eyes, "I just hope we don't run into Amelia…" he said.
Once Dean was out of the way, Cas carefully picked up his sleeping son and carried him down the hall, trying not to wake him up in the process. “Papa?” Henry whined.
"Please Mary, mama doesn't feel very good." I pleaded feeling the heat intensify, pretty soon my scent will start becoming more noticeable and cause trouble. "Okay mama." Mary said and allowed me to pick her up so we could get to the car faster. I got Mary buckled up in record time and headed home calling Missouri on the way, "Hello dear, how are you?" Missouri's voice came through the speaker, "hi Missouri, can I ask you a huge favor, I know it's last minute and it's kinda embarrassing for me…" I said turning down the road to get to the house.
"Okay then, let me go get ready and see your pups!" She clapped her hands and exited the room. "Did you let everyone know?" I whispered, "yep. Sammy and dad said they'll be here soon and Bobby and Ellen said they'll be here later on in the day." Dean said wiping some of the sweat off my forehead. There was a faint knock on the door and John's head popped in, "can we come in for a minute?" John asked "sure." I said softly trying to sit up a little as John, Sam, and Jess came in.
"Don't… Dad stop, please no!" Dean continued to talk, "Cas… Help… Don't let him take it, please, Cas!" Dean said louder and Cas ran into the room and practically jumped into the bed and pulled Dean into his arms. "Hey, Dean…. Baby wake up, it's not real, he's not real. I need you to wake up." Cas said softly patting Dean's cheek a little.
It's been a week since my last heat came and gone, Dean had taken Mary to the park so I was alone. I was glad I was alone while I waited for the results on the newest pregnancy test. When the timer went off on my phone I got up and checked the test. 'Negative' "Damn it!" I shouted and chucked the test into the trash. I went back to the bedroom and picked up my phone; "Lawrence Medical Center, this is Beth, how may I help you?" A cheery voice came through, "Hi, this is Castiel Winchester, I need to make an appointment with Doctor Maddison please." I said calmly.
I looked over at him, "yeah, I'm just thinking." He said and shot me a smile, "what are you thinking about?" "Just, uh if you were pregnant…" Dean said turning a little red. I didn't say anything the rest of the ride. When Dean pulled up to the pharmacy we got out and made our way to the right isle. "Uh, Cas? These are all female tests…" Dean said looking at all of the different types of tests, "yeah, I know but these are the male ones." I said tugging him over to where I was standing. "Dude, there's like three." Dean said picking up a random one, "I know, it's because male omegas aren't as popular as female omegas…" I said quietly.
Dean smiled and started the story of how he was kidnapped himself and how he was separated from his mate and pup and everything that has led up to now.
Cas found everyone at their usual table at lunch and sat next to Benny. "Hey guys… Um, did Dean text either of you?" Cas asked munching on a few fries. "Uh, no… He never talks to us during his heat." Charlie said giving him an odd look, "why did he talk to you?" Benny asked. "Yeah, he texted me saying that he needed to see me, but I just told him it would be a very bad idea and I'd talk to him this weekend." Cas explained, and before anyone else could say anything his phone rang.
“I popped a fucking knot and it won’t go down.” Cas huffed which made Dean laugh even harder. “It’s not funny Dean! It’s your fault.”
Back downstairs Dean went into the linen closet off the bathroom and brought out some blankets and a few extra pillows. "Okay, uh the guest room is set up for whoever wants to take that room. Um, we can set up the air mattress in Henry's nursery if you'd like." Dean said setting the pillows and blankets down. "Dibs on the bedroom!" Benny said before Charlie could, earning a glare from the red head.
10 minutes later they got out of the tub and put on their pajamas. About an hour later they were snuggled on the couch watching "One Tree Hill" when Sam came back downstairs with a pint of Ice Cream and two spoons. "Thanks Sammy." Dean smiled and pulled the lid off the container, "you're welcome. Hey uh Cas… You remember me telling you about Jess?" Sam asked. "Of course, how's that going?" he asked, "Jess? Who's Jess?" Dean asked, "uh, she's this girl I like at school…" Sam mumbled, his cheeks turning red.
"I should just fuck you right here, let everyone know how much of a whore you are." Alistair sneered and kicked him again making Dean cry out. "HEY! What's going on down here!" Dean heard Bobby yell and almost sobbed from relief. Alistair gave one more solid kick and ran off before Bobby could tell who it was. Dean carefully sat up and whimpered slightly at the pain, "shit boy." Bobby said quietly and helped him up and picked up Dean's glasses.
“Okay that made my brain hurt.” Dean chuckled and parked the Impala. They walked inside and were met with cheers and clapping and Gabe gave a big whistle. Dean blushed and stood closer to Cas.
'See, everyone know's you're nothing but a waste of space. Your brother can't have friends because of you, your 'mate' is being kicked out of his family's lives because of you. Your dad, left, and your mom has to work even harder because of you. Why can't you see that you make everyone else's lives miserable.' the voice ranted and no matter how hard he snapped the hair tie or how hard he dug his nails into his palm, nothing worked.
Dean left his session feeling better about Henry being in the NICU and he immediately went to the elevator to see him. Cas had to go back to school today and Mrs. Tran, Dean's tutor, was going to meet him at the house in about an hour.
"Dean!" Charlie squealed running a crossed the parking lot. "Oh my god I've missed you!" She said pulling in Dean for a bone crushing hug. "Hey red. Mind letting me go? Can't breath." Dean gasped, "oh sorry!" she apologized and let go. "I've missed you too, how was California?" "Amaaazzziiinngg!" Charlie sang, "oh! I bout forgot, I got you this!" Charlie said and dug around in her bag and pulled out a decent sized green gummy bear, "a gummy bear?" Dean chuckled and took it from Charlie, "not just a gummy bear! It's a lamp!" She smiled, "oh, uh awesome!" Dean said and put it in the back seat of the Impala. "I got Benny a blue one!" Charlie smiled as they walked up to the school.
"Will we be able to determine the gender?" I asked laying down on the table and lifting my shirt. "We should be able to, it just depends on their position." Dr. Maddison said squirting the gel on my stomach. "And there's the heart beats, they both sound good and strong." She said moving the wand a little and I felt Dean tighten his grip on my hand while Mary 'ahh'd' from his lap.
Dean grabbed Henry’s bedding and the guest room bedding and headed for the laundry room when his phone rang. “Hey Charlie.” he answered.
"Hi boys." Mary greeted the three when she came home, "so are the results up?" she asked setting the take out on the island counter. "Yeah, Cas got the lead!" Dean smiled kissing his cheek, making Cas blush. "Congratulations honey, I guess that means your the baker correct?" Mary asked, "yep and guess who his wife is!" Sam grinned, "who?" Mary asked. "Charlie!" Dean shouted and started laughing, "s'not funny…. I have to kiss her man." Cas groaned and Mary laughed, "it wont mean anything, you'll be fine." she grinned.
“Ooooo use the cuffs, I beg you.” Amelia winked and Dean growled again. “Besides, it’s going to be hard to have a restraining order against me when our children are best friends. You don’t want to break poor Henry’s heart do you? I mean, not after all he’s been through today.”
They walked back into the living room and Benny was now sitting on the couch with Charlie, "uh, Benny?" Dean said softly and he and Charlie jumped up, "hey… you okay?" Benny asked, "yeah, I'm better now. Heh, stupid hormones." Dean chuckled, "look, we've got the rest of the school year and the play… Let's make the best of it, I mean I can't do much anymore but we'll make it work." Dean said becoming emotional again, "you got it brother." Benny grinned and pulled Dean into a hug.
"Okay, open your eyes!" Mary said letting go of Cas' hand and moved to the side, they opened their eyes and saw Sam standing in front of them, "Merry Christmas guys!" he yelled but Dean and Cas paid no attention. "M-mom, what is this?" Dean gasped looking at the new refurnished basement.
"So Cas, where are we going?" Dean asked once they hit the interstate. "You'll see." was Cas's only answer so Dean rolled his eyes and cranked up the music. Half an hour late Cas pulled up to an Italian restaurant and quickly got out and opened Dean's door. "Why thank you." Dean teased and batted his eyes, "shut up. I'm trying to give us a proper date since we never really even had a good date besides the Roadhouse and the field." Cas said and took Dean's hand.
"I asked Sam to move the coffee table to the side and push some furniture back." he continued and walked over to the iPod jack and soon 'Thinking Out Loud' started playing. "Dance with me?" Cas asked and held out his hand, "I would love to." Dean whispered and let Cas pull him close to his chest. "I hope you don't mind but it's all slow songs." Cas chuckled, "for once, I don't even care." Dean said and kissed him.
"Dean, will you help me go through a few lines?" Cas asked grabbing his script. "I don't know, why don't you ask Amelia?" Dean said pulling out his sketch pad. "What?" Cas asked, "you heard me." Dean said not bothering to look up. "Is that why you've been so grumpy? Because of Amelia?" Cas asked, "isn't it obvious?" Dean chuckled, "Cas, she was all over you!" He said standing up to face Cas. "She gave me a hug!" Cas defended himself, "she also kissed you right in front of me!" Dean yelled.
Henry started fussing so Cas quickly stood up and started pacing in front of the window, slightly bouncing his arms. "Shh, papa's got you." he whispered and felt a surge of pride when the pup calmed down. A few minutes later there was a small knock and when he turned around there were multiple heads poking in, "can we come in now?" Jo asked; "yeah, just be quiet, Dean's asleep." Cas whispered and everyone piled in, "Mary already told us the news." Ellen said, "yeah, but he's healthy, that's all Dean and I care about." Cas said and handed him over to her.
Cas found his phone tangled up in his sheets and quickly found Dean's number and hit the call button. It rang a few times before he answered,
During a fight he decided to hide my suppressants and caused me to go into heat, during school no less. As you could probably guess, what would happen to an omega in heat with out a mate, I was attacked in the hallway, but then he saved me. That's when things started to change, the moment Dean Winchester, one of the school's hottest Alphas saved my life and I fell in love. You see, I was tutoring Dean in History, so we already knew a little about each other, but I could feel the bond forming.
John growled and Dean fought the instinct to bare his neck at the angry alpha, "you fucking slut." John growled, "I guess you already know you are because you're parading around town with it written on the back window!" John yelled and Dean reacted before thinking, his fist collided with John's jaw and he felt a small pop in his hand. Before he could even register anything about it John had him pinned to the wall, "you'll regret that." he growled and a much stronger punch landed on Dean's cheek and John threw him on the ground.
“I don’t think so.” Dean chuckled and stopped Henry from turning away. “You’re going to go stay with Uncle Bobby and and Aunt Ellen for a few days. Isn’t that exciting?”
Dean came back in the room 15 minutes later to find Cas asleep on his back with Henry on his chest also asleep with his fist in his mouth. Dean took a quick picture and set it as his background on his phone before leaving the two alone. He went upstairs and found Sam on the couch, "hey Sammy, can you come help me with something real quick?" he asked and Sam poked his head over the couch. "Sure… But where's Cas?" he asked standing up, "sleeping." Dean shrugged and went back downstairs.
Cas laughed, “I feel the same way, but let’s make it official. And I’m going to take your last name. I don’t care what people say.”
The later it got the more busy the campus life got. Students leaving classes or headed out to parties. “Dude let’s crash a college party.” Dean grinned.
"Well, we've been talking about it lately and Bobby, Ellen, Sam and I thought that once your baby get's here you'll want some privacy, so me and your aunt and uncle decided to pull our money together and make the basement into your own little apartment." Mary smiled.
“Of course I want to try again, I want as many pups as you’re willing to give me. I just want you to put your heath and your mental health first.”
Both Dean and Cas woke with a start when the timer went off on Cas’ phone. Dean grumbled and clung onto Cas when he tried crawling out of bed. “Dean, if you want a pie that isn’t burnt I suggest you let me go.” Cas laughed.
"What time's your therapy?" Cas asked, "uh, 3." Dean said looking at the clock. "Are you going to go back to every other week or are you staying to twice a week?" Mary asked, "I don't know, Dr. Hansen said he'll determine it after today's session." Dean said putting toast in front of him and Cas. "Where's Sam?" Dean asked noticing that he wasn't down here, "still sleeping." Mary said.
"Don't talk to me like that boy. And shouldn't you be knocked up?" John accused, "the miracles of child birth John." Dean snapped and turned around to get Henry out of the car when John grabbed his arm and slammed him into the back of the Impala. Dean let out a startled cry and winced a little, "the fuck gives you the right to talk to me like that?" John growled, Dean just stared at him fuming. Henry let out a small cry and when Dean moved to get his son John pushed him back in place, "I think I deserve to meet my grandchild. Even though it shouldn't exist." John said and leaned into the backseat.
Dean walked into the kitchen and noticed Cas outside starting the grill. He inspected the pie and grabbed a couple drinks out of the fridge and met Cas outside. “Pie smells good.” Dean handed Cas one of the Cokes.
There was a small knock on the door and Gabe poked his head in but had his eyes shielded. "Is it okay to come in?" he asked, "yeah, you're good." Dean said and Gabe uncovered his eyes and walked in. "How you holdin' up Dean-o?" he asked, "hanging in there… It's almost time." he smiled a little. "Awesome, Cas, I gave mom a call and she said was good luck to the both of you." The two nodded and once again another contraction hit, "yeah, I'm going to take that as my hint to leave. So good luck, can't wait to meet my nephew!" Gabe said and practically ran from the room.
"I give up." He groaned and he just heard his mom chuckle. "Don't give up honey. If it wasn't pre calculous, I would help you." Mary said, "I can help you." Cas said coming into the room. "Of course you could because you're in normal calculous." Dean rolled his eyes and Cas just kissed his cheek. "How many more problems do you have?" Cas asked and sat next to Dean. "5 more problems." Dean sighed, "okay, I'll help you with the last 5, then we can leave." Cas said scooting closer. "I'll leave you too it." Mary smiled and went into the kitchen. "Caaaaasss. I don't wanna." Dean whined, "Dean." Cas started and leaned in to whisper in his ear, "if you finish these 5 questions, I'll give you something special tonight, that involves privacy and kissing, and definitely some touching." Dean closed his eyes and let out a low moan. "I think I have 5 questions left in me." He said and pulled his book and paper closer.
"Dean. I don't care if you used to hurt yourself. Everyone has a low time in their life. But please, if you're still doing it, please stop. I'm here for you and I'm not going anywhere. I promise." Cas said and his heart broke a little more to see the tears in Dean's eyes. "You really promise you wont leave me?" Dean whispered, "cross my heart." Cas whispered and pressed his lips against Dean's. "Cas, you can't tell anyone. Charlie and Benny don't know, but obviously my mom knows and Sammy." Dean said and Cas nodded and helped him off the table and up the stairs.
"DEAN! WHAT YOU SAW WAS ME TELLING HER FOR THE 5TH TIME TO LEAVE US ALONE AND SHE KISSED ME, THEN I PUSHED HER OFF!" Cas also yelled getting fed up with Dean. "What is going on down here?!" Mary said running down the steps. "Cas is a fucking lier and a cheat." Dean growled, "Cas?" Mary asked looking at him wide eyed.
see Henry again, you hear me?!” Dean hauled himself off the floor and went to storm down the stairs when he tripped and fell head first.
"Easy, dare." Ash just grinned, "I dare you to chug that whole beer in one go." Charlie just snickered and started chugging, "that's right bitches!" She yelled once she downed the thing and belched. "Baby, hand me another." Charlie said, "alright, Dean truth or dare?" She continued. "Um, truth." "Do you love Cas?" Everyone gasped and looked at her, "what?! It's a simple question." Dean just looked into his boyfriends eyes and smiled, "yeah, yeah I do." and he leaned in for a soft kiss. "AWWW" came from all the girls. "Alright, Benny truth or dare."
He found a good spot on Dean's neck and bit down hard marking him as he knotted them together, causing Dean to come again. "Jesus fucking christ." Cas moaned and arranged them carefully so they were spooning. They instantly could feel a difference in their bond after Cas claimed his mate. Dean could already feel a change in his pregnancy, he already felt better, not knowing he wasn't feeling the best. "I love you." Cas whispered into Dean's neck, "hmm love you too." he sighed happily before falling asleep.
“Shh. Don’t forget Charlie can hear just as well as I can my love.” Cas chuckled. Cas sat back and pulled Dean up with him so he could take their shirts off. Dean tossed Cas’ shirt somewhere in the general direction of the clothes hamper and Cas did the same.
"Sorry bug." I said and picked up some popcorn. Missouri came over at 5, "Cas why is Missouri here so early?" Dean asked when I put our empty popcorn bowls in the sink. "Because I figured you'd want to clean up a little before the shower and I thought I could give you a quick bath before Jimmy and Amelia arrive." I said and dragged Dean up the stairs. I was leaning over, filling the bathtub when Dean came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist resting his good hand on my stomach.
“Sure thing buddy.” They finished eating and while Cas put leftovers away, Henry slid off the chair and into the living room to play while Cas cleaned up.
Cas could feel Dean tense up, "no… Just a uh… just a check up." Dean stuttered. "You're lyin'. I can tell, tell me the truth." John said becoming angry, "John leave him be." Mary tried to defend Dean, "sush, I wanna know why he's lyin'." "He's not, sir. I was with him." Cas jumped in, "did I ask you?! Who are you anyway?"
Cas followed his mate up the stairs and they went back to the kitchen, before Dean could sit down Sam threw his arms around his waist. "I'm sorry Dean." he mumbled and Dean squeezed him back, "it's okay Sammy, I overreacted… I guess I'm still a little hormonal." Dean said and broke their hug and went back to his burger.
“Thanks for the food Charlie, I’m just going to eat upstairs, Gabe you can crash on the couch if you want.” Dean told him and grabbed his plate and a couple bottles of water. By time Dean got into their bedroom he heard the shower shut off and Cas move around in the bathroom.
“Shh, honey it’s me. I’m sorry I didn’t mean to scare you.” Mary soothed. Once Dean realized what was going on he started sobbing.
10 minutes later Dean was starting to fall asleep, "hey, let's get you home and then we can sleep okay?" Cas said and Dean just nodded, he stood up and helped Dean up. "You okay boy?" Bobby asked and Dean put his glasses back on and wiped his nose on the back of his hand, "yeah, thanks Bobby." he said, his voice thick from crying. "I'm going to take him home." Cas stated; they stopped at their lockers grabbed their stuff, signed out of the office and walked towards the Impala, "Dean I need the keys." Cas said quietly and Dean fished around in his pocket and handed over the keys with out a word. 'He's really upset… Normally he would fight tooth and nail about someone driving baby' Cas thought to himself.
"It's the truth." Cas said looking up, "I know baby, I love you too." Dean smiled and ran his fingers through Cas' hair. They laid there staring at each other for a few minutes when Cas smelled something different. "Dean, do you smell that?" Dean scented the air, "no, I don't think so…" he said and Cas pressed his nose against Dean's stomach, "it's coming from you… I smell apples like your normal scent, but… Dean, it smells like watermelon." Cas said.
“Alright bitch. Looks like you need to be taught some respect.” the alpha said and charged for Dean.
I chuckled softly when I heard her yell "DADDY!" I didn't know if Dean was up yet or not so I put Mary's bag on the chair in the living room and headed to the kitchen to see if Mary was in there. Dean was awake and was only in boxers with Mary on his hip. "I missed you daddy." Mary said kissing his cheek, "I missed you too baby girl." Dean smiled and bounced her a little. "Morning sleepy head." I said coming around the counter, "mornin' Cas." Dean said leaning in for a kiss earning a loud "EWWW" from Mary. "Come on Mary, let's get you in the bath." I said taking her from Dean.
"How is it going Cas?" Jess came over and gave me a gentle hug, "fine, once Dr. Maddison returns it'll be time." I smiled weakly. "Okay son, we just wanted to say good luck. We'll be outside waiting." John said and squeezed my shoulder before he left passing Dr. Maddison and a few nurses along the way. "Okay Cas, ready to meet Henry and Lily?" "More than ever." I said and Dean moved closer to my side and grabbed my hand. "Okay Cas, next contraction, start pushing."
Just like the other day, they raced each other up the stairs. Once they reached Dean's room they were all over each other, Dean pulled off Cas's shirt and Cas started unbuttoning Dean's flannel. Cas picked up Dean and put him on the bed, slowly kissing down his body making the other moan and squirm. "Cas, you fucking tease." Dean gasped as Cas took one of his nipples into his mouth before moving lower till he placed a kiss on the top of Dean's leaking member.
They laid there making out lazily for almost an hour until Cas's phone started ringing. "Uugghh." Cas groaned and sat up to answer his phone; "Gabriel, it better be important."
Dean shut his eyes and leaned over the sink trying to take deep breaths. When the voice wouldn't shut up he pulled out the the blade he kept taped under the cabinet under the sink. He stared at it, like he always does, debating it's worth it, if he should make just a small cut or just do it and make a cut so deep there's no saving him. Dean quickly took off his flannel and pushed the sleeve of his t-shirt up and pressed the blade to his bicep making a smooth cut and let out a breath of release when the blood ran down his arm. He was alway's careful on where to place his cuts, so if he rolled up his sleeves, no one would see them maybe one or two but not all of them. Dean rinsed off the blade and put it back in it's hiding spot and took the gauze to wrap around his arm and put his shirt back on.
Cas felt a little disappointed that Dean was upset with him but he brushed it off and trudged through his day of school.
I made Mary supper once I calmed down, when she was finished I gave her a bath and got her ready for bed. An hour later when she fell asleep I went to the bathroom and started a bath hoping that would calm me down some more. By time 11 o'clock rolled around Dean still wasn't home so I decided to give up on waiting for him and crawled into bed only to crawl back out at 11:45 when I heard the door open and voices carry up the stairs. I put on my glasses and went downstairs to see a sober and slightly pissed of John trying to drag a
As soon as Dean picked Sam up and they got home Sam couldn't hold it in any longer. "Dean! I'm going to be in your play!" he shouted, "what?! Sammy that's great, but how?" Dean asked. "Mrs. Rosen said she would rather have actual younger kids for the roll of Jack and Little Red Riding Hood." Sam grinned, "Sam that's great, I can't wait to see you in a red dress!" Dean teased and Sam immediately gave him one of his bitch faces.
Noise. There's too much noise and too many lights flashing, there's a voice too. I opened my eyes then shut them again quickly from the flashing lights, then I was moving I opened my eyes again and I was in the back of an ambulance. Why was I in an ambulance? Oh god, Dean! The twins! I started panicking and there was someone talking, "hey, hey, calm down, you're going to be alright. You're on your way to Lawrence General Hospital. You're going to be okay." The paramedic said and I heard another voice talking through a radio maybe?
Ten minutes later they got the questions done and Dean was eager to get out of the house. "Bye mom! Be back later!" Dean called out, "alright, remember it's 10 tonight!" She called back but they barely heard her. "Where we going?" Cas asked once he was buckled in, "I was thinking Roadhouse for a burger, then we go to our spot." Dean answered, "sounds good to me."
"Mary sweetie, please keep your voice down." Dean said taking a bite of toast. "Why? It's not her fault you went out and got drunk." I said rather coldly. "Oh come on Cas, you're still pissed about this?" Dean groaned. "No, Dean. I calmed down shortly after you left. I'm pissed because you were out all night and didn't call me to come get you. Instead you made your father come out and get you." I said crossing my arms.
They got situated under the covers when Dean's phone started ringing. "Yes Charlie?" he answered, "I'm informing you now that Benny, Dorothy, and I will be over right after school tomorrow to see that baby!" Charlie stated. "I'm honestly surprised you aren't here now." Dean chuckled and put his phone on speaker so Cas could hear, "I wanted to but mom wouldn't let me leave." she grouched.
“I really did go to the library to study.” Charlie started. “Then I saw Dorothy and something just snapped. I packed up my things and just started walking around campus when I walked by a party. I just went in and next thing I know it’s late and I’m completely smashed.”
"I'm Dean…" "Great! if you could just sign here, now, it's kind of a big package, where would you like it?" The delivery guy asked and Dean's eyes widened at the package. "Jesus! Who's this from?!" He asked quickly scribbling his name down, "unknown sender. But it is safe I promise." he said. "Okay, um just follow me I guess." Dean said and lead the way to the living room.
He pulled the Impala into the visitors parking area of the hospital and made his way to the NICU. Dean couldn't hold back his smile when he saw Henry sleeping in one of the pale blue onesie they had packed in the diaper bag. He silently pulled out his phone and pulled up 'Snapchat' and took a picture, saved it to his phone before sending it to Charlie, Cas, Sam, and Jo.
Once Henry was done eating Dean took him upstairs to give him his bath. Dean got Henry in his pajamas and carried him back downstairs to the living room.
Mary said softly and helped Dean off the table. She bout cried, when Dean winced and whimpered a little at the movement, they went to the room for X-rays and she helped her son out of his shirt. "Mom no!" Dean started to protest but it was too late. His arms were exposed and Mary just stared at his arms, she stared until Dean couldn't take the silence anymore. "Mom, please say something." Dean pleaded tears running down his face, burning his bad eye.
Mary came into the living room right as Dean calmed down, "Dean, I'm going to take Sam over to Andy's then Ellen called and she needs my help down at the Roadhouse. I'll be home later, but please don't stay up too late, Cas sweetie, it was nice to meet you. I hope to see you around." Mary smiled and Dean got up more gently than he should and gave Mary a quick kiss on the cheek and a hug. "Okay, mom love you bye." He said quietly and Cas could practically feel the love vibrating off the too, "bye, love you too."
Later that night once Mary was asleep, Dean and I laid on our bed. We were both in our boxers and I was laying on my back and Dean was laying on his side tracing random patterns over my lower abdomen. "I can't believe you're finally pregnant." Dean whispered against my neck, "I know, after all the trying." I whispered back. "When are we going to start telling people?" Dean asked, "I was thinking we could have a small Halloween party here like a week before when my heat would be… Gabe and I have an idea how to break the news for him, but I think I could break it the same way." I said and we fell asleep.
Mary ended up picking Henry up and carried him into the living room. “How are you sweetie?” she asked.
I said and she smiled and left. I apparently drifted asleep sitting in the big chair because the next thing I knew Dean was shaking me awake, "Cas? Baby, come on wake up." He whispered, "What?" I asked looking around, "here, I brought you some sweats and brought us some food." Dean said handing me the small duffle, "thanks, but I'm not hungry." I said stripping off my Jeans and pulled on the sweats. "Come on, please eat something? I don't need two people in the hospital." Dean joked, "Dean, missing one meal is not going to put me in the hospital."
“Could you talk louder? I’m trying to listen.” Charlie’s voice startled them both. “Okay, well I think I’m going to go home, well back to my parents. See you later, thanks for listening Dean.” Charlie kissed his cheek and slid out of the bed.
I went back to our room and carefully took the comforter off with out getting it in the puke and continued to strip the rest of the bed and put it in the washer. When I got back to Mary's room she immediately held out her arms so I picked her up and went down stairs. Mary had her arms and legs wrapped tightly around me when we got to the kitchen, "do you want some juice?" I asked rubbing her back and I felt her nod so I got her sippy cup out of the fridge and headed to the living room. I was sitting in Dean's recliner again with Mary curled up on my lap with her juice and we watched Blue's Clues.
, by all mean's Gabriel join us please!" Charlie smiled. Lunch went by quickly and Charlie, Benny and Dean all welcomed Cas and his trickster brother into their little group. By time school was over Dean discovered that he had all but two classes with Cas, for some reason he was okay with it. He like Cas, he was funny and dorky… 'Don't get your hopes up, you're nothing, why would someone as good as Cas like some one like you? You're nothing but a worthless omega who's daddy left because he didn't want you as a pathetic excuse for a son.' The small voice in Dean's head thought, 'no, no no.' Dean groaned to himself, he thought he was slowly starting to get over this, but he was wrong.
"Sammy! How's it goin?!" Dean greeted him "good, but Cas you're pregnant?! That's awesome man, congrats." Sam said and you could hear the smile in his voice. "Congrats you guys!" Jess's voice came through the speaker, "thanks, yeah we're pretty excited." I said "how far along are you?" Jess asked. "Just barely over a month. Gabriel is two months along." I said "Gabe's pregnant too?!" Sam shouted into the phone, "yeah, it's a long story but he's excited." Dean replied, "jesus. We need to keep in contact better." Sam said, "yeah, you do Sasquatch. Have you even talked to dad recently? Or Bobby and Ellen?" Dean asked "no, we've been so busy it seems like whenever we get a chance to call it would be too late."
"Thanks mom." Dean said and right as he turned around Lucy came sprinting through the room knocking Dean onto the floor, right on his bad side. "OW! SON OF A BITCH!" Dean screamed and curled into himself, he heard Mary run over to him and crouch next to him. "Dean, honey are you okay?!" Mary asked trying to get Dean to uncurl from himself. "Nooo." Dean groaned trying to keep tears at bay. "Honey, I need you to un curl so I can feel your ribs." She said quietly and Dean slowly un curled, moaning in the process.
"Charlie and I'll just sleep out here Dean, it's okay." Dorothy smiled, "alright. Uh well here you go for now. Let's get the next movie in." Dean grinned. By time their third movie was over, Dean could barely keep his eyes open, "dude, it's only 10! How are you so tired?" Charlie teased. "You try getting up every few hours with a newborn." Dean grumbled then yawned, "screw it. I'm going to bed." Dean huffed and got off the couch, "night everyone." Dean waved behind him and heard a chorus of 'nights' from behind him.
"Boys! Come and eat!" Mary yelled up the stairs and immediately heard racing footsteps. She chuckled and rolled her eyes as she made her way back to the kitchen. Dean grabbed the back of Sam's shirt so he could get to the table first, "jerk!" Sam said from behind him, "bitch." Dean replied and they both shut up when they got a glare from their mom.
“Alright.” Dean smirked, loving how intense his son gets about shows, just like his papa. He filled one of Henry’s bowls with some grapes and filled his sippy cup and brought it to him, which Henry absently took and started eating the grapes.
"Shit." Dean groaned at the burning stretch, "just tell me when." Cas whispered into Dean's neck. They laid there for a moment before Dean gave the green light, they slowly moved together, sharing kisses and touches when Dean finally came and Cas moved to pull out. "What are you doing?" Dean asked hooking his ankles around Cas' back, "I don't want to hurt you." Cas said looking down at him, "I want your knot Cas." Dean said and Cas couldn't find any pain or hesitation in Dean's green eyes. "Alright, lets just get in a better position." Cas said, once they were locked together, Cas could feel Dean shaking a little.
Henry calmed down almost instantly and I burst into fresh new tears. "Dean, he's okay! He's okay!" A let out a watery laugh. "He's perfect." Dean whispered and pulled the blanket away from his face to reveal his chubby cheeks. "Can I hold him?" John asked quietly and I put him in John's arms. "Everything is going to be okay." Dean said and I just smiled and took in the scenery of Jess and Sam awing over Lily and John gently bouncing Henry in his arms and I slowly snuggled closer to Dean and let the exhaustion take over.
Dean saw Mary walking down the hallway a few minutes later, "ready?" she asked and he just shrugged feeling nervous. He kept his arms wrapped around him as they made their way to the right room, "okay Dean, Tessa here is going to give you the ultrasound okay?" Mary said and Dean just slowly climbed onto the table. "Dean, you're going to have to lift your shirt honey." Tessa said softly while grabbing a few things, "why can't you do it?" Dean asked looking over at his mom but lifted his shirt anyway.
The three were just sitting in the bedroom quietly when the three alphas heard a weak 'Cas' come from the bathroom. Cas' head snapped up and he ran to the bathroom with Charlie following. He motioned for Charlie to stay in the hall and he slowly opened the door and panicked a little when he saw the blade.
“Good morning.” He smiled and kissed Henry’s forehead and made his way to Dean. He wrapped his arms around his waste and nuzzled the back of his neck.
"Mama!" "What?!" I asked a little panicked when Mary shouted, "Squirt!" She continued and started breathing heavy. "Alright, calm down. I'll go get him." I said and I could see her start to calm. "What was that all about?" Dean asked when I came out of our daughter's room, "Squirt always sleeps with her at night and she doesn't like it when he's not up here so I'm going to go find him and bring him up here." I explained and moved the baby gate. I found Squirt curled up in the office so I picked him up and brought him upstairs and stopped just outside Mary's door listening to Dean talk. "Okay Mary, goodnight sweetheart. I'll see you in the morning okay?" Dean said softly, "night daddy love you." "I uh. I love you too baby girl, I really do." I came in the room right as Dean kissed her forehead, "okay here's Squirt. Sleep tight bug, love you." I said and pressed a kiss to her cheek, "night mama."
"Here you go. Anything else?" He asked "Actually, could you bring me some toast or something, I'm a little hungry." I said pulling out my contacts and putting them in the container I keep by the bed. "Sure babe, I'll be up in a little bit." Dean said leaning down to press a kiss to my forehead. About 10 minutes later there was a soft knock on the already open door followed by a quiet "Cas?" I looked up from my book to see John standing in the doorway with a tray. "Come in." I said marking my spot and set the book down. "I told Dean I would bring this up to you, he's arm deep in a turkey." John chuckled. "Thank you." I said taking a sip from the hot tea; "I used to make this for Mary when she was pregnant, it was one of the few things she could actually keep down." John said setting the tray on my lap reveling hot chicken broth and a grilled ham and cheese sandwich with Ginger Ale and a hot cup of tea. "It looks great." I said and smiled.
"I-I don't really know what happened… I mean it's Bobby! I know he wouldn't hurt him but I, just don't know." Dean said and let out a sigh, "it's alright, but maybe you should mention it to Dr. Hansen on your next session." Cas said softly and Dean nodded. "Okay, I should get to class. I love you and I'll see you after work." Cas continued and pecked Dean's lips before kissing Henry's forehead and grabbing his bag. "Love you too." Dean said softly.
Half an hour later, Cas got up to use the bathroom and he went back to the room and found Dean curled up and panting. "Oh, baby I'm sorry, I went out to let Charlie and Benny know then Ellen gave me some coffee. I won't leave again." Cas rushed his words and rubbed Dean's back like he saw Ellen and Mary do earlier. "s'okay…" Dean mumbled.
Cas and a few other officers watched from the two way mirror. “Why are they just sitting there? I thought your mate was supposed to be sketching, not sitting.” one of the officers huffed.
Once inside Dean was in Charlie's arms, "I am so sorry Dean! I didn't mean to make you feel bad." She said and Dean could tell she had been crying. "It's okay red. I'm better now… Sorry for freaking out and dampening the mood." he chuckled and kissed her cheek before sitting on the bed with Cas. "Put in the next movie." Dean said once he was situated with his side pressed up to Cas' with one hand on his thigh and with Cas' arm wrapped around his waist.
"Cas." Dean said shortly and the two jumped apart like they were caught doing something they shouldn't have. "Dean, I didn't see you." Cas smiled, "uh huh. Who's your friend?" he asked a little coldly, "oh, this is Amelia, she used to go to my old school. Amelia, this is Dean." Cas introduced them. "Nice to meet you." Amelia smiled and held out her hand and her eyes bugged a little when she saw Dean's stomach which obviously was hard to hide now. "Oh, uh… Congratulations…." She smiled, "where's your mate?" she asked looking around and Dean just stared at her. 'Seriously? Is she stupid or something?' Dean thought to himself.
"Okay we're leaving." She continued, "bye! Have fun and be safe!" I yelled and from somewhere in the house Henry yelled, "USE PROTECTION!" "Henry Michael! Go to your room!" Dean yelled and I just shook my head. "Yep, this is my life." I said to myself and shut the door.
"I'm sorry." Dean whispered, "sorry? For what?" Cas asked, "f-for breaking down and ruining our movie night." Dean sniffed and wiped his nose. "It's okay, but I should tell you… Please don't get mad at me, but I told Charlie and Benny about this." Cas said taping the bracelets, Dean just nodded and leaned forward to capture Cas' lips. "Better?" Cas whispered, "better." Dean whispered back, "good, let's go finish our movies and since we have the bed we can snuggle close."
They got to the hospital and one of the nurses took them to a room. Meanwhile, Mary was in the break room nursing a cup of coffee when a different nurse came in. "Um, Mary… Your son is room 4a. Your brother-in-law brought him in." The nurse said and Mary shot up, "what?! Oh my god what happened?!" Mary said dumping her coffee and put the mug in the sink, "I don't know." was all the nurse said before Mary was running for room 4a. She burst into the room scaring everyone in it. "Dean?! Oh god honey what happened?!" Mary said, "Ava, I can take over, thank you." she continued and Ava walked out.
Cas walked through the doors and quickly found where he’s supposed to sign in. He signs his name and the officer behind the table gives him a key card and a pair of grey pants and a matching shirt. “Key unlocks the cafeteria and your room. Cafeteria closes at 8pm and opens at 6:30 am. Let’s see… Novak, room 18. You have time to drop off your items and we all meet back here in half an hour.”
a minute later. And 4. Hurt her, and I'll kill you. Make myself clear?" Dean threatened the boy when he came in "Dad! Oh my god!" Mary squealed horrified.
"It's okay, I'm just glad to know she's okay. We can stop by tomorrow if you want." John said and the other three agreed. Dean and I walked into the room and Mary was in a small bed with an IV attached to her arm and a heart monitor. "Oh god. She looks so small." I whispered walking to her bedside and brushed back her curls and then held her small hand and Dean held the other, not saying anything for an hour. Mary's eyes fluttered open and she looked around the room, "mama?" she called out in a small voice and I started crying again, "I'm here baby, so is daddy."
A week went by and I still hadn't heard from the clinic and the stress was starting to get to me. I wasn't sleeping well and I was barley eating. "Cas, relax. Please, you haven't slept and when was the last time you actually ate a meal? Besides, all this stress isn't good for your body if we are going to have another baby." Dean finally said one night. "Come on, I'll draw you a bath then give you a back rub." He said pulling me off the couch and dragging me up the stairs. Dean stripped me down and started the water, "join me?" I asked as I climbed into the water and Dean took off his clothes and climbed in behind me so I could rest against his chest.
I came back to the kitchen and Dean was still rubbing Mary's back, I grabbed a paper towel and wiped her nose. "No mama." Mary complained trying to pull away. "I hear a little girls voice!" John called from the door and Mary instantly perked up, "daddy, down!" she squealed and ran towards the door, "GAMPA!" John walked into the kitchen with Mary "hi boys." John greeted us. "Hey dad, where's Sam and Jess? "They'll be here in a little bit, Jess wanted to drop her stuff off at her parents."
Cas got Dean back on the bed and waited until Dean was ready to talk. He ended up chugging half the bottle of water before clearing his throat and talking.
"Ooohh, feisty. I guess it is true. Shame… I would have loved to get my hands on him, please do share…" Alistair started, "was he tight, or was he nice and open like the little slut I know he is." And Cas lost it dropping his bag to the ground and grabbed Alistair's shirt and slammed him into the wall. "Don't you
“I told you!” Charlie nudged him. She was right, it was subtle enough that you couldn’t tell he was wearing mascara but it did make his lashes darker and make his green eyes pop.
"What?" Cas asked, "nothing. I asked Sam how Henry was doing and he gave me a smart ass answer." Dean said and typed out his response;
"She's doing a lot better, she has a nasty cough at the moment, but she'll be okay." I said leading them into the living room. "Jimmy! How's it goin'?!" Gabriel shouted getting off the couch. "Hello Gabriel, I'm fine." Jimmy said escaping Gabe's giant bear hug. "And Amelia, how's the baby?" Gabe asked giving Amelia a more gentle hug, "it's doing fine." Amelia smiled and ran her hand over the small bump. "Alright everyone! Supper's ready, come and get it!" John yelled from the kitchen, "Dean, will you go fix Mary's plate? I'll bring her in a minute, I need to give her, her medicine.
"No, no that's fine.. I would rather have no medicine involved in that." I replied and hung up; I put my head on my arms and let out a sigh of relief. "Cas? Everything okay?" Gabe's voice caused me to jump up. "What, yeah every things fine." I said with a shaky smile. "Really? Cuz Charlie just told me that Dean didn't come home last night." Gabe said moving to sit in the chair in front of my desk.
Mary loved the monkeys, but Dean was very uncomfortable around them. I could see the look of relief once we moved away from the monkeys, "alright bug, where next?" I asked pushing the stroller foreword. "Uhh, fishy!" She clapped so we turned around and headed for the aquarium. "Mama, I hungry." Mary said once we got done looking at the penguins, "okay, we'll go find somewhere to eat lunch." I said and we found a nice picnic table to eat our food.
Dean said following me into the bathroom. I spun around, "Dean, she just spent the night in the hospital, you didn't see her seizing. So forgive me if I want to make sure my daughter is okay. I was going to put her back in her room tomorrow." I said angrily. "If you don't like it then you can sleep on the couch or in one of the spare bedrooms." I said grabbing my toothbrush. "Damn it Cas, that's not what I meant." Dean growled grabbing his, "well it sounds like it, so once you're done in here grab what you need and sleep somewhere else." I said taking out my contacts and left the bathroom.
Dean let out a pleased hum before explaining. “Well, sitting with Jessica today and getting her to trust me and open up made me realize how much I want to help troubled omegas, well any teenager. So, I thought i could buy that building, renovate it a bit to make it kind of like a shelter/safe haven for troubled teens. And have like different activities and therapy.”
Mary and Sam showed up around 10:30 and Dean was munching on some fruit, "Dean!" Sam yelled and ran over to the bed. "I'm so sorry! It's all my fault!" Sam said starting to cry again. Dean was still slightly disoriented from all the blood he lost but he knew Sam meant what he was saying, "s'okay Sammy." he said quietly.
“Henry wants his new friend Claire to come play…” Dean mentioned while they were walking down an aisle at the store.
"Come on, let's go tell Mary. "Mary sweetie, come here please." I said as Dean and I sat on the couch and Mary ran over, "yes mama?" "Daddy and I have something to tell you, you're going to be a big sister Mary." I said and she just looked at me and tilted her head to the side. "What?" "Mama's going to have a baby, Mary and that mean's you're gonna be a big sister." Dean explained "baby? Where the baby?" Mary asked "in mama's tummy." Dean said picking her up to put her on his lap. "Yay baby!" Mary giggled.
“Sure thing sweetie.” Mary said and moved to the floor near Henry’s toys. Cas slid over on the couch to make room for Dean, who sat as close to Cas as possible.
Cas saw the first tear drop onto the comforter and Dean slowly looked up at him, pulled something out of his back pocket but didn't show him. "Cas… I-I'm pregnant." He said so quiet Cas didn't hear him. "What? I can't hear you. Dean please tell me what's going on." Cas said grabbing Dean's face gently so they could see each other, Cas could see the fear in his eyes but there was something else there too that he couldn't quite make out. "I'm pregnant." Dean said louder more tears falling; Cas dropped his hands and it felt like his heart dropped to his stomach. "W-what?" he stuttered, "here." Dean whispered handing him the sonogram that was slightly wrinkled from being in his pocket. "The little peanut shape i-is our baby Cas." Dean whispered wiping his cheek with the back of his hand.
"Dean! You better have your butt out of bed!" they heard Charlie yell as she made her way downstairs. "You'd be sleeping too if you spent the weekend in a fucking hospital." Dean grouched, finishing off his sandwich. "and whose fault is that?" she grinned rounding the corner to come into the living room. "Technically both of us." Dean answered after chugging half of his water.
"Did you hear any of that?" Cas whispered, "every word." Dean whispered back breaking into a smile and quickly set down the paint so he could pull Cas into a kiss. "I love you so much." he whispered, "hmm me too." Cas smiled. "Novak! Winchester! Break apart and let's get to work!" Mrs. Rosen yelled, they chuckled and Dean turned to go finish one of the backdrops and Cas went to the front of the stage.
"Cas, this feels so weird." Dean said but never took his eyes away from his son. Cas smiled and sat down on the bed with the two people he loved most in complete awe of the scene in front of him. An hour later Charlie burst through the door with Benny in tow, "where is he!?" she shrieked and both Cas and Dean shushed her eyes wide. "He's sleeping!" Dean hissed so Charlie mouthed her apology and they walked over to the bed. "Awww, he's beautiful!" she said tears filling her eyes, "can I?" she asked gesturing to Henry, Dean slowly placed him in Charlie's arms and they all chuckled at the little face he made at the different scent.
Once they left the hospital they headed home and noticed that Benny's truck was already parked outside. "They really can't wait can they?" Dean chuckled pulling into the driveway. "No, they can't." Cas agreed, "well considering they know where they hidden key is, they're probably already inside." Dean sighed heading up the porch steps.
"He's right honey, it has to be done when you two are as close as you can be." Mary said and Dean just stared at her so Cas leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I have to be knotted to you before I can claim you other wise it doesn't work." and Dean turned bright red, "Cas when do you plan on telling your parents?" Mary asked, "they are in California right now for a big project through work and they wont be back till the end of next month… And like I told Dean, I don't believe this is a conversation to have over the phone." Cas explained, "I agree. Now, Dean I will bring home some stuff you'll need after work tomorrow, like pre-natal vitamins and a few pamphlets for you and Cas to look through." Mary said, "do you have any questions?" she continued.
“I can’t stand here and wait for someone to find him Cas.” Dean said finally out of Cas’ grip. He took off once again but was wrapped in a set of arms again.
"I'm Castiel, but you can call me Cas." The smile slowly faded from Cas's face when he realized Dean wasn't going to answer, he averted his eyes and turned in his dest to face the front of the room. "Dean!" Cas heard him whisper, "what?" he asked turning his head, "my name, i-it's Dean. I'm Dean." Dean rambled and he started blushing. "Oh, nice to meet you Dean." Cas whispered back and once again faced the front of the room.
do that again, you'll be sorry." Mary said tears filling her eyes and Dean just nodded. "I know mom, I'm sorry."
Dean watched Mary and Sam walk to the car before going back to the living room. "That was close…" Cas chuckled, "yeah, it was." Dean replied and sat back down on the couch, "so…" Dean started, "so…" Cas repeated and leaned back in, "I wasn't quite done." he smirked and pressed his chapped lips against Dean's gently, lowering himself over Dean but was careful not to put any pressure.
home." I said putting emphasis on husband. "Oh, Castiel… Don't you see? He doesn't want to go home." Lisa said standing up, "why do you think he keeps walking out on you hmm?" Lisa continued, "it seems to me that there's trouble in paradise. Guess the honeymoon's over. Take a hint Cas, Dean's getting sick of you and your kid." Lisa snarled. "That 'kid' is Dean's also and I know for a fact that he loves that little girl more than anything. And to answer your question, I will admit we are going through a rough spot right now, but I know that Dean still loves me and that we're going to get through this. As for a slut like you, you're just trying to get into his pants and break up our marriage." I growled.
“Am I a bad person if I say no? We finally get the house to ourselves and Charlie’s going to be out for who knows how long… I just want some me and you time.” Dean said.
Dean smiled like he always does when he talks about baby. They finished up their conversation and he realized that all day besides English, he never had the urge to cut, maybe Cas will be a good thing in his life. Dean got up and grabbed a clean pair of boxers and another sweatshirt and went to take a shower. He stood under the hot spray and let his mind wonder like it always does in the shower. He couldn't help think of Cas, Cas had an amazing body, Dean imagined what it would feel like to run his hands down it, he felt his dick give an interesting twitch.
Bobby, you know he's going to bring Henry back alright?" Cas soothed and slowly Dean began to calm down, his appetite was gone so he just picked at his food, only taking small bites.
I thanked her and hung up the phone and made some tea. "Okay Mary, come here." I said crouching down when Mary came into the kitchen, "I need you to listen to me, Missouri is going to come over and her and mama are gonna have a very long talk, I'm going to need you be very good today. If you be good, I'll take you out for ice cream. Deal?" "Okay mama." Mary said and I kissed her forehead and went to turn on the tv for her right as there was a knock on the door. I let Missouri in and led her to the dining room so we would have some privacy but I could still keep an eye on Mary, "okay bug, remember what I said? Do you want anything before I go and talk to Missouri?" I asked, "juice!" Mary said not looking away from the cartoon, I returned a minute later with her juice and went into the dining room where Missouri had already poured the tea.
"Okay Dean, let's get started. How has your week been?" Dr. Hansen started. "Pretty good. Um it's been a little weird only going half days for school, but that changes next week." Dean said, "good, and the bullying at school?" he asked. "It's stopped, for now…" Dean sighed, "they just stare at me which I'm used to." "Uh huh.. Now I understand that yesterday was the last visit from the specialists?" Dr. Hansen continued, "yes, they've cleared me and decided that I'm no longer in 'suicide watch'." Dean said smiling. "Excellent." the therapist smiled.
Cas sighed and followed him ignoring the stares from everyone, he poked his head in their room and when Dean wasn't in there he made his way to the nursery. Dean was rocking in the rocking chair with Cas' old teddy bear in his hands, crying silently. "Dean?" Cas asked softly and he saw watery green eyes look up.
“Shut it. Get dressed and let’s get this fucking restraining order figured out.” Dean huffed and stomped up the stairs.
"Fuck Dean." Cas moaned grinding his hips down, "I can't wait to claim you. Make you mine." He whispered making Dean moan and his slick build up more, "F-friday. Please Cas." Dean moaned "Fucking hell." Cas groaned stopping his movements and sat up. "What?" Dean asked sitting up also, so now Cas was in his lap, "I have to fucking work." he said. He slid off Deans lap and fell back onto the couch but Dean followed this time climbing on Cas' lap, "it's okay, we can Saturday or something." Dean said tracing a random patterns on the alpha's chest. "Okay, but we'll make it special… Go to the roadhouse and everything." Cas said. "Okay." Dean smiled, "I can make sure Sammy's at a friends and talk to mom and see if we can have the house."
I smiled at him, "yeah, the movies were pretty good." We got to the Roadhouse and it was packed, "hopefully we can get a booth" I said holding Dean's hand, "I'm sure we can find one." We walked in and there was one booth left in the back so we quickly made our way over and sat down. Jo came over about 5 minutes later, "hey guys, what can I get ya?" she asked pulling a pen from behind her ear. "I'll take a beer." Dean said, "I'll have the same." I replied, "Okay, I'll be back as soon as I can." Jo said leaving the table, "Cas, should you be drinking that?" Dean asked, "Dean, my heat was last week, I'm fine."
Cas stripped down to his boxers and carefully slid into the bed, he slid over and pulled Dean to his chest. "Everyone go to sleep?" Dean asked sleepily. "Yeah, Charlie and Dorothy are smushed together on the couch. They refused to let me set up the air mattress." Cas chuckled, "hmm." Dean hummed and tilted his head back to capture Cas's lips, "night. Love you." he whispered, "love you too." Cas whispered back and they both fell asleep, only to have Dean's phone chime.
By time Dean came home and went downstairs it was quiet. "I thought you said he wouldn't stop crying?" Dean asked then laughed a little how tired Sam and Jess looked. "He cried himself out." Sam said, "he's in his crib." he said after a yawn. "Damn, you guys look exhausted." Dean chuckled, "we are." Sam grouched, "I don't know how you guys do it." Jess sighed, "you'll get a routine down pretty quick once you have kids." Dean smiled then turned serious, "and when I mention kids I mean don't be stupid like me, use fucking condoms like your life depended on it."
“She won’t talk to the sketch artist about who took her. I was wondering if you’d be able to come in and do it for us?”
"Go answer it, I'll be out in a minute." I said wiping my mouth. I heard voices filter through the house and I could tell it was Bobby and Ellen followed by Sam, Jess, and John; I flushed the toilet and went to stand up to wash out my mouth when I got dizzy. I caught myself on the counter quickly washed out my mouth and splashed some cold water on my face hoping it would calm me down a little. The dizzy spell passed so I made my way to the kitchen, "there he is!" Dean said with a smile pulling food out of the grocery bag. "Hi Cas!" Sam and Jess both said and came over for a hug.
"Benny is so hating this." Cas chuckled, "oh I know but it's hilarious." Charlie said but Cas stopped paying attention, he was watching Dean paint one of the backdrops. He couldn't help watching him, but Cas loved watching Dean paint. He always has a relaxed feeling and he's so concentrated when he paints and Cas loves it.
He startled awake trying to push Cas off him until he realized what was going on, Cas wiped away the few tears the spilt over and ran his hand through Dean's hair. "It was just a dream, baby go back to sleep, I'm right here." Cas whispered and Dean just nodded laying back down and attached to Cas like an octopus. "Do you want the song?" Cas whispered and Dean just nodded, "Charlie, pull up 'Hey Jude' on my phone please and play it softly." Cas said and Charlie just nodded and found the song.
"I'll be downstairs, just come down when your done." Dean said as Cas headed towards the bathroom and he received a thumbs up. Dean chuckled and changed into a nicer pair of jeans and a henley and debated if he should put in his contacts or not. He decided not to and went downstairs to start on some of his homework, he sat in the living room with his mom and got to work. Half an hour later Dean as about to bash his head against the coffee table from being stuck on the same math problem for 5 minutes.
