"How many were you taking in a day?"
John nodded. Alright, seems he wanted to get right down to it.
"How do you know?"
"You're doing everything perfectly, Sherlock. I'll get there. But for now, why don't we get up from here. You shower. And when you come to bed I'll read from our book until you fall asleep. Ok?"
Rosie who was still wailing and struggling in John's arms let out a screech once the door closed and Harry was no longer in sight.
"Now feel the heart beating underneath."
It had been ten months since Mary died. It was Christmas. December.
"Now you're going to get out of my way or I'm going to make certain the next bus that comes along will wind up with you under it."
"Of course not." He said motioning toward the loo. Sherlock headed to his suitcase and took out his sleepwear.
There was only the slightest of pauses.
He instantly obeyed.
"You can talk louder, John. She sleeps like the dead. No need to tip-toe, trust me." Harry said at a normal volume and John supposed he should, indeed, trust her.
John inhaled sharply but didn't move, trying his best not to betray anything.
"No, you can't." Sherlock agreed. John tore his gaze away from the sky and back to his friend who was gazing at him in a peculiar way.
Hi Sherlock,
Pressing in a bit farther and curling his finger upwards he found it. As a doctor, he'd located his fair share of prostates for exams but this was certainly the first time in this particular situation. The reaction wasn't exactly immediate but he watched that cessation of breath again. This time Sherlock hadn't stopped breathing because of pain, quite the opposite. John watched as the tension left his face then his body as a whole, his legs fell a bit more loosely open and with each rub and press with the pad of his finger started to moan softly. Precum pooled on the tip of his cock before drizzling down the shaft making the movements of Sherlock's hand that much slicker.
?" John asked narrowing his eyes and emphasizing the last word.
"Tempting...mmmph...but no. Perfection isn't wanted here. I just want you.”
"Yes?" Jan said.
"I haven't said a word. This is
"A bottle of wine and reality TV. Duncan is just about to confess to Marielle that he had a three-way with Trudie and Perpetua. But Marielle has secrets of her own."
"If everyone could stop staring at us right now that would be absolutely lovely." He said to the other party goers. His tone was sweet because of the little girl present but no one missed the irritation. "Either join in on
afraid of the Bogeyman as a child."
"I can add, I assure you it is. Are you...
He had finally come to agree with his mate; caring was a disadvantage.
He knocked and then tried the knob. The detective had a sort of open door policy and just as he never put on the lock for the entrance to their flat so he never did for his own inner sanctuary.
"I haven't made up my mind yet." He said neutrally.
"Can I pull back the blankets and have you take off your pyjama bottoms?"
"When I came...out."
"Or Duck." His friend continued perhaps reacting to the look on John's face. "Though you're the only one left who would know to call me that these days."
"We should go to bed."
This was not going the way John had pictured it. Not at all. In fact, when he imagined how he believed it would go he felt a little ashamed. It was supposed to be simple, easy. Sherlock happily, eagerly jumping at the chance for them to be together. Even now as he held the phone he cringed. Fuck, but that was a lot of presumption.
"Yes, and I can't remember where the damn spigot is anymore."
"John?" He said just this side of sharp.
"The books I sent you home with. I know exactly what book that chapter on identity and rigidity is in."
"Remember what I told you in rehab that night? I told you things are going to get harder now. I told you, you weren't close to done and that there was more." She turned to look at him directly, shifting on the seat. "I told you that you're going to have to fight and be clear-headed and brave."
"Perfect! You're almost ready to help Daddy and I with a case. In fact, let's have a look at some-"
"Hmmm? Tell you what, sweetheart?"
"Hey, um," He began as he pulled back, but only barely. "Hanah says it's always a good idea to check in with yourself and your partner occasionally to make sure everything is ok. So, is everything ok? We've been sharing a room and a bed now for awhile. No, um...no regrets?"
"Shhh." He said softly and out of the corner of his eye, John could just make out the yellow and black stuffed animal Sherlock perched behind his shoulder. The movement also caught Rosie's eye as she had a better view and whatever Sherlock was doing was enough to disrupt her crying cycle.
Sherlock was surprised that the idea had so intrigued him. First, it was a game with no time limit, they’d decide when to start and then the one left to witness the flirting would just have to deal with it for as long as they could. The second reason, was that it was emotions he knew all too well. He was no actor and it would have been too difficult to play, say, mountain climber and sherpa. When he’d presented that example to John as something he couldn’t and didn’t want to do his husband had burst into laughter so long and loud it had made Sherlock blush...but eventually he’d laughed too.
"Tomorrow?"
"He told me that I try and solve every problem we have by making him come."
Hanah nodded calmly and scribbled something into her notes. John flexed his fingers alternating between making a fist and splaying them wide. He hated thinking about this time. He'd put it to bed when he'd started to climb out of his funk. In fact, he'd considered his STI test the topper, the full lid, a promise to himself that he was going to stop this reckless shit. He'd gone to the clinic and gotten a full workup and the dreaded blood test. He'd been safe and careful...when he remembered, that is, when he wasn't so trolleyed he couldn't find a condom much less put one on. Somehow, miraculously he'd been fine and that had marked the end of trolling for random women.
My body was finally obeying me. I was telling it to relax and it was obliging in every way. He had his hand loosely around my cock and I watched pre-cum glisten on the head before running down.
He thought but didn't voice aloud. Still, he immediately regretted it. It was rude and uncharitable.
"Intense. Complicated. Loving." He faltered finding it harder than he ever expected to sum the two of them up that way. "Probably quite peculiar looking from the outside in."
"I'm fine. Alright, both of you, I'm fine. Stop behaving as though I'm a stupid child who needs a minder, ok?" He snapped as he picked up the grocery bags he'd unceremoniously deposited on the floor.
Honestly, I hate that it's over. Having the joy of writing this was like a little buoy or life preserver and a part of me always worries, in terms of meaningful ideas, that the last thing I've written will be the *last* thing I write, the last good idea I have. But if Radioactive Trees was a buoy, it's time to swim on and hope another concept, another nagging idea that demands to be written, another silly little trifle to keep us all afloat, waits in the distance.
Sherlock lives."
"How do you feel about that?"
"I'm fine." He said softly.
Janine motioned him inside and he stepped into her foyer reluctantly.
Sherlock blinked rapidly, so caught off guard he had nothing to say. As John helped her off with her bag he wondered how their interactions had gone when he'd been in rehab. Try as he might he just couldn't quite imagine Sherlock and his sister having a nice fireside chat. He honestly wasn't sure how
"Any particular reason you don't do it in the bedroom?"
Sherlock carefully tore the page from the book and grabbing a sellotape dispenser placed it on the door.
"Hello, John."
“Say again, Captain?” He snapped at him.
"Thank you." He said before propping up on an elbow just as he did in his dream. He'd been lying on his back as they spoke and when John hadn't been looking at his face, watching his lips form words, he'd been watching the rise and fall of his chest. "I believe I may be far too spoiled for that. Dating is all getting to know you and whatnot. It's already so difficult to find a man you can tolerate in small doses, much less one you want to sit and have a meal and conversation with. If I wanted a relationship, which I do not, I should like to pop into it readymade, perfectly tailored to suit my needs. I realize I am a ridiculous man, impatient and rude, difficult to handle and generally more trouble than I'm worth. I doubt such a man exists who would want to bother."
"Yes, love?" He replied innocently.
"You're navel gazing."
"I believe you know how to put a headboard through its paces. Some of the ladies were quite," he cleared his throat dramatically before continuing. "
"Yes," He said before clearing his throat and sitting up straighter. He what been slouching. Something John had never known him to do. "I know that you know I had my reasons for leaving you out of the loop before I went to the roof. My pride, my hubris made me believe that I had beaten Moriarty at his own game. I didn't send you on the chase after Mrs. Hudson to keep you completely away. It was only to delay your arrival if I needed backup. I trust you, John." And at those words he made eye contact, steady and sure. "I trust you but Moriarty...he threw me and I didn't want you there. I didn't want to run the risk he would use you as a pawn. As it dawned on me that I had been out played I knew what I had to do to keep you safe. Obviously, I'd anticipated this possibility. If I hadn't I wouldn't be here today. I didn't mean for you to see it. I didn't mean to leave so quickly, so callously." He took a sharp deep breath and John watched as he blinked away tears. "There was a part of me that thought and hoped you might be ok...better off. Better off without my madness..."
When he'd described Duck as a recluse to Mary he was, in fact, underplaying things. The friend he'd spent so much of his time with all those years ago loved to go out, loved to have the telly on, and mates over and was always busy juggling phone calls from multiple women at nearly the same time.
But it didn't. Not in the least.
"What? It was him?"
John bridged atop Sherlock as the other man ran his hands up and down his back.
"Out of my mind. It's all so...so snow globe-y here. Makes you feel like you can do anything. It's all in order. Very few surprises. Out there it's..."
"Mmmm, you like?" John asked.
"What do you mean?"
"So typically, as I understand it, when someone pours their heart out to you you're meant to respond." He paused and swallowed.
@ConsultingDetective221B Sherlock, we can’t imagine what you’re going through. But please, can you tell us, is John alright? Will he live?
"Now, that's what I call a breakthrough. Congratulations."
"You've missed a lot, John." That's what my doctor said. "It's all been a bit of a waking dream from the way you describe it. These patterns you're stuck in, they don't even sound reflective of who you are anymore. It's as if you're playing a part. So maybe, now is the time to consider dropping the mask."
They had the same rooms as last Christmas. Sherlock in his childhood bedroom and John in the larger one he'd shared with Mary.
"John...please..." Sherlock said from above him. "I'm ready."
Are you sure you wouldn't rather stay at a hotel?" Sherlock asked not for the first time.
"Mind? No, not at all, that sounds lovely. Just you and me."
"Because you're killing me."
After they separated, after a bit of cleaning, a change of bedding and a quick snog-shower they were back under the blankets. Sherlock running his fingers through John's damp hair. It was relaxing and kept him just on that dreamy edge of sleep and awake. A tightrope walk of happy.
"I..." John closed his eyes. "I can't think about the house right now."
Ok, we're nearly at the end.
Doctor John Watson found himself sitting in the office of his boss 4 days after the whole staff had been randomly drug tested. He hadn't even had time to go to his area of the surgery, rather the moment he'd stepped off the lift, Patrick had been waiting for him. He should have known from the way people looked at him without
He sat down next to Sherlock with an amused smile, leaning his body against his boyfriends. Sherlock slung an arm around his shoulders and pulled him closer. John grabbed a
Unseemly, I know. But I'm lying here in bed practically giddy. As giddy as I was when I saw that plane with you on it start to taxi.
He'd done his research and he knew what to expect.
John returned happily to the warm, heavy sheets, his head again resting on Sherlock's chest.
Of course, it happened again.
8th of August, 2010 I was going to put my pistol in my mouth and kill myself. I met Sherlock on the 5th.
His knees on the bed on either side of Sherlock he decided to make the most of this angle and began again at the back of his neck. It wasn't anywhere near where his mate had said he was hurting and John could feel him starting to protest. And then he let warm, gentle fingers creep up just above that hairline and Sherlock went silent. Apparently, for now, he found it too nice to argue.
"Everything isn't alright. And you haven't eaten."
"Yeah, actually there is. Can we talk just a little bit later? There are just some things I'd like to say to you. Won't take more than a few minutes."
"You...you can't just say next." He protested as he pulled his coat tighter around him. It was getting colder and both the lowering temp and the conversation were working to snap him out of that warm, slow, sad drunken state.
"I thought...I would help you to let me go." Sherlock replied as it turned out, unwisely.
John's hand still rested on Sherlock's chest and he gave it a slight pat.
"I don't find it tedious. I find it necessary. John, you know I'm not opposed to you having Sherlock join us. I think it would be good for the two of you. You need one-on-ones to be sure. But you would both benefit from sitting down as a couple and talking about things."
The three of them.
"No, no I'm sorry." He sincerely. "This won't reflect badly on Mike, will it?"
"I want to stay." Their daughter responded with a pout.
"Well, in most cases I will happily accept that response. But I do need to know what you mean by "the situation". Are you...rethinking
"Mary" turned to look at him.
. The smell she left on their sheets, warm and enticing and so bloody sexy. They rolled around a bit on the blanket and he'd copped some rather obvious feels that made her giggle given how public they were. To give the appearance of propriety, under the guise of watching the sunset they wrapped up in the blanket. In reality, he'd really just wanted and taken the chance to slide his hand into her swimsuit and bring her to a shuddering orgasm just as the rosy sun dipped into the water. He'd brought his fingers to his mouth and licked them salaciously. They packed up their things quickly, rushed back to the car and he'd gone down on her in the back seat. There was another scent he loved; sweet and fragrant and heady and all his. He'd driven as fast as the law would allow and they'd jumped into bed and fucked spiritedly at home and then after a breather opted for another go and that time they'd made love. And he'd laid there after they were done happy and relaxed and feeling decidedly lucky as he breathed deep of a life that was perfumed by ocean water and Mary.
"What?"
"The hell have you been?" He asked after a while.
"Little bit, yes. But don't worry about it. I'm Eric."
"I just assumed so much. Sherlock, are you close to them?"
"Did you love him?" She asked.
He moved a little more, deeper and as I willed myself to relax the pain seems to be making its exit. This felt like an embarrassingly slow process but progress was being made. I don't even want to know how long it was taking. My mind traveled back a few decades to being a horny teenager having managed to talk my then girlfriend into bed when my parents were away. It was my second time, her first. I gave myself credit for being patient. Is any teenage boy ever patient? I remember it as going slow...was it slow enough? We dated, we had sex plenty of times after that, we were happy in that teenager-y, "our love is perfect and eternal" sort of way. I can't even recall now why we broke up. But I was thinking of her now.
"I just got to wondering if he might be back on drugs."
All of them are square with the house.
John Watson whispered a nearly silent "Thank you." and placed his wedding ring in the box, and the box in the drawer before closing it.
"You're making these up!"
He said this all calmly and with no traces of anger. He wasn't angry anymore. Just confused and maybe a little bit sad.
"Yes, I believe that."
Sherlock looked puzzled but seemed to think this was the moment to offer an understanding gesture.
“I hate thinking of myself back then. I hate who I was but I enjoyed it at the time. I enjoyed it so much and I’d be lying to say otherwise. I was such an outlet. I went to veteran parades or dog shows during the day so I could do a write-up of it in the afternoon and submit it. I’d show up at the pub, work the door. The pub would close around 2 or 3 and I’d spent the following hour shaking down people for the money they owed our boss. Start the next day all over again, sometimes with a black eye or a sprained finger...”
"Mmmhmm, it's just been awhile since I've been to a meeting. I want to make sure the times haven't changed from what I remember."
"You were in love with him?" She asked.
But I let him go on. Even lying back I was propped up by pillows under my head and I could see the top of his head as it moved up and down. He was doing absolutely splendid and my body seemed to have forgotten the fact that I wasn't in my teens or twenties anymore because I was, again, getting close.
"Sternum" He said smearing another stripe before letting his mouth descend.
"Well..." he started and then paused. It was easier to talk about what they weren't doing than what they had done so far. "I'm still having issues in that area but we're working through it."
"I'm not sure how to..." He cleared his throat and gestured towards Sherlock's erection. "Idiotic since I volunteered."
I still don’t know the whole story but I have my theories. Duck wouldn’t tell, still trying to protect me I suppose. Anyway, I let our boss know what had happened. He was livid but more so at the blokes who had attacked us and the breach of some underworld etiquette. He asked to talk to Duck. Their conversation was mostly just him saying “Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Uh-huh.”
"You would too. Now turn off the light and put your hands back on my arse where they belong."
"Mmm." Sherlock hummed noncommittally behind him. "I brought you something. I researched what people are allowed to eat post root canal. I went to the store and got applesauce, rice pudding, yogurt, hummus and a milkshake."
We're on our way and here's what I want to say.
He faltered and scoffed, albeit nervously. He hated,
He started carrying his gun with him as well.
I won't be seeing her anymore.
"I think highly of John." His friend replied, ignoring him. "To have his good opinion and to maintain it is no small feat."
His arm was draped across Sherlock's body, just below where his trousers sat at his hips and it was about that time John felt something hard press against him.
busy." Harry grinned. "I hope you two realize what you've signed up for. You just promised her a call. Every night while you're away. She heard that and she's like a little elephant, unlikely to forget."
It was a slow Sunday afternoon. Too slow for the both of them.
"No, I was going to ask
I am angry because I want to get high.
"Then if I were you I wouldn't be so worried about trying to mete it out and make sure it adds up. Trying to measure love is an excellent way to tie yourself up in knots. Now, answer me honestly, do you believe any of your drinking or anger issues stemmed from being in the closet?"
"I recall feeling very similar. I even slept in your bed  my first night back at Baker Street." Sherlock confessed.
"I know that." He'd said. "I do."
"I can bring you something. I'm famished. Anything, in particular, you'd like?"
He paused for a second.
"No, you most certainly are not."
"What? No! No, of course I don't?"
He bristled. The answer was so predictable, so typical he felt embarrassed by it but he answered anyway.
Sherlock was silent, oddly silent when he entered. He was cleaning up, putting the dishes in the sink and the trash in the bins.
poetry and perfect.
John was both overwhelmed by the prospect and in total agreement. It is your job to keep the passion and fire and spark in Sherlock's life. You are responsible for his happiness, his joy, you are his reason. On one hand, if he were to see all that written on paper he wouldn't just be horrified he'd be scared witless. Who would willingly sign up for that burden?
Surprisingly, not the guilt of having moved on and moved on to Sherlock.
"Sounds absolutely great." He said but a part of him cringed. When he first accepted locum work, long ago, he was only a few months into knowing Sherlock. He'd thought he could handle both; the real world and Sherlock's world. But it really hadn't turned out that way. Sarah was flexible, and not just in that one way he'd enjoyed. She'd gotten, as best she could, what he did with Sherlock, and what he expected, plus she was keen on him so she truly gave him a ridiculous amount of leeway. He wasn't daft enough to expect that again.
No matter the nightmare, though, no matter the scenario; it's never him. It's only the people he loves the most who suffer, who are punished. He always lives. Always. They die and he is left alone, mourning and frightened out of his wits.
John inhaled slowly before releasing it. He wanted to disappear into the tv show or the wine bottle, either would be fine.
"Hey, now's not the time to escape. Open your eyes. Stay with me." He said moving to kiss him again. As their lips touched he slowly inched a finger inside him, a few degrees at a time. He was met with resistance and a small little Mmmph sound but no calls for him to pause. He moved his digit in and out with a leisurely rhythm and was just about to tell Sherlock to touch himself when he saw his hand go in that direction anyway.
"No, I told my brother I was coming and he declined to accompany me." He said pulling up a chair.
“Why exactly are you starkers in the loo?” John asked, his voice wary but not unwelcoming. He seemed to be observing the situation, willing to see where it might lead.
That was all. That was the last message between them. Quite honestly John didn't even recall the conversation. It must have happened when he was drunk.
He nodded.
"Does he know?"
"No...I..." I had to stop and take a breath. "I mean... I'm serious."
"I've been thinking that I'd like to clean out my old room. Get rid of some things. Move my stuff down into our bedroom. Then we could fix it up as a room for Rosie like we always talked about."
"Yes, please."
Every “sir” came with a pause before it, it was always bitten off from the rest of the sentence.
"No, Mike, no. This isn't about you or anybody. Just me. Look at me, I'm glad you're here, ok. And...honestly, I wanted to apologize to you. I know we had a run in or two when I was in the middle of one of my multiple benders. I wanted to apologize to you directly. My behavior was unacceptable and I put you in positions I shouldn't have. I worried you and added extra stress to your life and I'm sorry. I'd like to make amends for that and I hope you'll forgive me."
He wanted to continue their work for as long as they both could manage it.
Why were there so many? Why were these two things so intertwined? He was willing to wager that if he looked up sex instructionals for heterosexuals it wouldn't yield quite so many sad sack results. He hated the idea that his addiction might be wrapped up in his sexuality. Something about it all made it sound like the reason you're gay, or in his case bi, is because there's something wrong with you. And the reason there's something wrong with you is because you're gay. It was a snap judgment and a snap summary and though a part of him knew it was wrong he couldn't shake the implication. Correlation did not imply causation. There was nothing tainted about the way he felt for Sherlock or the way he'd felt for Duck before him. The alcohol, the abuse, the anger, these were all separate and he was going to work on them separately. These were lines he didn't want muddied and wires he didn't want crossed.
"Yeah, it was me all along. Yet again." John turned on his side and smiled at his lover. "I don't think it'll be coming back again."
Was this what he was like all the time? Vocal. Expressive. Out of control. More sexual than John could have fathomed.
"Some secrets burn in the heart. Controlled embers stoked by passion and tears. It is only when exposed to bright light and sharp air that they are extinguished. They thrive as they suffocate."
"No... I don't think that's the case at all. You think I'm a sex addict?" He laughed, the idea seemed ridiculous. He liked to have it off. So what?" Considering his past and recent behavior it seemed like perhaps the most normal thing about him. "Where is this coming from?"
"What about him?"
"It's alright. The thing is, John, I'm not surprised. This is after all my job. I know the success rate and I know the signs of relapse. I'd hoped you wouldn't but I had a bad feeling a few weeks prior that you would. It was only natural that you'd then want to get as far away from me as possible. I understand. So, if you're asking for forgiveness, consider it given."
"I'll be alright if you are." he answered and almost immediately a look passed across his features that he'd said too much.
"We hope by the end of your stay here, John, that you'll agree with us. Now, are you currently suicidal?"
Hanah took a deep breath and released it.
"I mean, he was not friendly or open in the conventional sense. He doesn't go around grinning like an idiot and shaking everyone's hand. But there was something about his demeanor that seemed welcoming. He wasn't initially put off by me as so many people are. It confused me. We took a cab and his reaction to some of my deductions was just...respect...admiration. I supposed it softened me, Made me pay more attention to him beyond what I could determine from his clothing. The way he dealt with me changed the way I dealt with him. Our friendship grew rapidly and naturally from that."
“Thank you, love."
"Sherlock." He said quietly. Less than a whisper.
He swallowed hard and swallowed again before putting his file back where it belonged and sitting on the edge of the bed by his side.
"To what lies before us. I'll drink to that."
Sherlock nuzzled his neck, kissing behind his ear as this time it was John's turn to lie there, catching his breath. The detective kissed him at precisely the right moment and John sighed happily.
9:30 was Active Lifestyle and taking out his map, and yes, a map was required given the scale of this place he set off in search of the gym. John noted on his first day there that everything, as expected was state of the art. He'd made his way to the locker room and changed into workout clothes but not before stepping on the scale and then having a good long look in the mirror. He'd avoided this and it turned out he had good reason. He looked flabby, out of shape, the alcohol having taken its toll around his middle. His skin looked dry, patchy. He'd even put off looking at his face except what was required when he shaved. It seemed even worse. Pale, drawn, bags and circles under his eyes, the lines on his forehead standing out. He looked old. He looked like he'd aged about 7 years over the past 11 months.
"Works for me." He answered bounding out of his chair with customary grace.
He’d never been the religious sort so the 12 Steps, or rather that one particular part about a higher power chafed at him. He sat silently in the meetings, listening to the others. Some of their stories were like his. Some wildly different. But he listened.
Forgotten Rosie. Neglected Rosie.
Sexy Sherlock.
"Daddy?"
"No...yes, I...just need a few moments to myself if that's alright?" He said, his voice strained as he stood with his back to John.
He didn't so much answer as give a slight shrug.
But she wasn't looking at him anymore.
"Yes, it is."
"What?"
If you want to repay what Mary did for you then go find some happiness. Go out on a date. Go see a movie. Hold someone's hand. Touch someone. Be touched. Lay next to someone. Be the one they're lying next to. Make love to someone. Even if it gets snatched away from you...it's worth it. Losing it doesn't mean it's not worth it.
"The universe is rarely so lazy." John supplied. When Sherlock glanced at him again this time quizzically he smiled. "I listen to Mycroft on occasion too."
"I realize that was probably a terribly improper response considering the situation." He said finally.
"You still have my direct number, right?"
Hi Sherlock,
"You think so?" He sniffled.
Once on the ground floor, he hurried out of the building without so much as a glance at the receptionist. They could post his things to him or toss them in the Thames as far as he was concerned. It didn't matter.
No, as a matter of fact, any objection he thought his subconscious might raise didn't happen.
"Describe your day for me. You've been out a week, that's time enough to develop a tentative routine."
Trusting John at his word Sherlock steadied himself once more on all fours.
"Mmmhmm." He replied quietly as Sherlock kissed just behind his ear.
"Doing what?"
It was glorious and Sherlock in bed was sometimes his most Sherlock. Pouty, entitled, demanding, sweet, lovely and loving and complete with expected expectations.
"It was...fine. Bit simple, I guess."
"Why couldn't you make a move?"
Then, of course, they switched to Mary and some of the things he dreamed up may have been far worse than what was likely on the A.G.R.A. drive. Horrible imaginings of whoever was likely had to be after his wife coming for her, tracking her down. Magnussen. Others. A never ending line. Too many for him to defend against. Killing Mary, the baby, Sherlock.
"You're so much better at it than I am."
He was seeing
Alright. Good enough. Send.
"Don't think I'm ignorant of the oddity of my upbringing, John. The...neglect...the coldness. I was there. I experienced it. My parents and I have learned how to deal with one another. But I will say, no one ever challenges their facade. The first time you were too engaged with Mary and she with you to really notice who they are. There was no such distraction this time. It made clear certain things about them and myself that I likely would have been content to ignore. But I can no longer ignore them. I think it might be best that I maintain a polite distance from here on out."
You were shit at human emotion, Sherlock. You were shit at supposing what I'm going to do when it really counts. And you were shit at trying to make me believe something awful about you that isn't true. Mary always said you were a terrible liar, like a fucking child. Like a 4-year-old covered with paint still professing innocence as to how the wall got to look that way. And she was right, that's what you are, a fucking lying child." John spat.
He nodded and glanced at her his face no doubt revealing his curiosity about the contents of the envelope.
Sherlock was still a delightful live wire, twitching underneath him every so often for a few moments afterward even as John kissed him soothingly.
The tears dried and Rosie smiled and laughed as only a toddler could at the big faces and antics of her fathers. Eventually, though, John watched as her eyelids grew heavier and long before the last clomp and before the troll finally fell off the bridge she was asleep. Sherlock had been bringing the volume of his voice further and further down until it was barely a whisper. He finished the story and added "Goodnight, Honey Bee."
God, was that the last time? Was that really the last time they'd been together? If he'd known, if he'd only known. But he hadn't known and instead his most recent sexual memories involved sexting with Sherlock's mad-as-a-hatter sister. Jesus...
His fingers tremble, one by one. It’s a tremor his words mirror.
Theirs was a small flat.
To the far right, the other Mary just keeps gazing—a long, indifferent, knowing stare that scorches along the shape of your ribcage. She does not once blink.
You nod, mechanically. It feels like if your fingers, tense and tight and full of quivering rage, move a bit to the side they will tear your bag apart: another externalisation of your issues. It would reflect the ache within, behind your sternum, a slow tear, precise and deep.
Maybe if you are any John at all, your memories will not be the same.
,” lets her head fall back and lets you have her.
There is nothing else to be, now.
Behind her shoulder, Mary silently approves.
You are fine: completely fine.
You’re moving on.
“My cock,” Sherlock snapped, embarrassed at John’s awful pun. He pressed his lips together and glared down haughtily. Fortunately, his arms were beginning to gain back their strength. “Which isn’t my fault.”
On stupidly weak legs, Sherlock stumbled to the couch. His fingers were equally as stupid, reduced to dysfunctionality through the sight of John—unshaven, rough, raw. They fumbled at his fly, awfully imprecise, and Sherlock stood there, frozen by the sight, sucking his lower lip into his mouth and keeping it trapped between his teeth, as he freed his cock from his trousers and just kept staring downwards: the shadows on John’s face were emphasised like this, staring at him from above.
I’m moving on, you think, and there is a distinct lack of accompanying thoughts (“Moving on from what? It’s not like we ever were anything, so there isn’t anything to move on from, and anyway you wouldn’t care, and—”) that usually torture you. There is no need for them, now. There is just the bleak sky, someone else’s hand in yours, and your pallid face with its lost weight and sunken eyes spelling the bold, stark truth: you are moving on. Trying to, at least. You are moving on from what is the greatest love of your life to a lesser, necessary love, and you are doing so out of self-defence, out of survival, out of loneliness. You are moving on from Sherlock Holmes, who, despite possibly never having felt anything of the sort for you, and despite his definitely miserable handling of the object, holds your metaphorical heart in his hands of bone, under the earth.
Sherlock, of course, took the challenge; he took every challenge John offered him. He took the challenge with flaring nostrils, narrowing eyes, and a jerky nod.
Anyway—Bubbles was a furry pretty ball in her lap, purring happily away. Bubbles was Joan’s; Joan was Bubbles’. Joan could do anything she wanted to him. They were in love. Sherlock loathed Bubbles, some days.
To the right, the blankness in Mary’s eyes gains an edge of satisfaction. You feel it deep inside your chest, a dark, dull ache like sickness.
It’s fine that Sherlock gets the only good parts like your intelligence these days.
The thought makes you chuckle, a little. You aren’t even enough for Sherlock’s hallucination.
Christ. Fuck. He’s got it bad.
There was a hint at John’s temples, just below where his hairline ended, darkening the hair further and giving the illusion of longer hair. But it wasn’t hair, Sherlock knew very well. He stared, fascinated, at where it disappeared further below to trace the slopes of John’s cheeks, accentuating them, to eventually frame that strong jaw. He couldn’t help himself: he reached out, had to touch it at once. And when he did, the second the pads of his index and middle finger, feather light, just brushed over the stubble below the right corner of John’s mouth where it became the cheek, the stinging pleasure of the aesthetics transformed—materialised into the texture, into impressions of
“You know I want all the parts of your body, John, but I reserve the right to be less fond of some of them,” Sherlock continues, lowly. It’s John’s turn to laugh, which is cut short since on the soft flesh just underneath the curve of his jaw Sherlock’s thumb gently begins rubbing back and forth, tiny movements. “But yes, I was watching you; I enjoyed it. I…”
You don’t want it to. You want it to stick and fester and infect you.
“I don’t feel I deserve it.”
There is no place for dreaming left.
“All right,” you repeat, to yourself, to Mary, to anyone, again. You jerk your head in a tight, brief nod, give Mary a fleeting smile and turn on your heel.
“Ring any bells?”
He notices Sherlock looking around when he sits back down, and John frowns.
He seemed worried then and Sherlock wanted more than anything to appease that. He wanted to smooth out the little lines forming between John’s brows. He wanted to make sure that John never felt worried again, that he never had to feel fear or uncertainty or anguish. All he had to do, for now, was tell the truth.
Sherlock’s entire body seems to give up then, and John has to stop himself from reaching over and touching him.
“No, I mean it. I didn’t know it would be like this. I hoped, of course, but I never imagined that you and me - that we would work so
“So it isn’t anything common or familiar?”
So much. SH
He’s uncertain as to how to move forward. John had said he doesn’t expect anything in return but, if Sherlock can give it -
“Sherlock?” John asks after a few seconds, barely breathing.
Sherlock emerges again, remaining close. “I said, I’ll do my best but no promises.”
John inhales deeply, looking directly into Sherlock’s eyes and saying, “Take me to bed.”
Sherlock doesn’t go further than that. John realises he doesn’t need to. A simple sentence saying it all.
still unpack it all in one day,” John points out.
Sherlock follows, undressing with his free hand. John keeps his eyes forward, knowing nothing will happen tonight and trying to find a way to tell Sherlock. He helps Sherlock take his shoes off once he’s sitting on the bed, then his jacket, but stops him before he can remove his shirt.
“Look at me,” John says, waiting until Sherlock does so to continue. “Because, love, it’s going to be alright.”
Three more days. SH
Fuck, Sherlock, I’m blushing like a bloody teenager just imagining you saying penetrative sex. What are you doing to me?
I love you.
I saw you today. Well, not you, obviously. Just some posh tosser who looked like you. My feet went cold and my heart stopped and I thought about… I thought about the time you asked me if I thought you were a fraud, too. How I wish I could’ve answered you differently. How I wish… I wish we… I wish… More than anything, I just want one more. One more miracle, Sherlock. God, I’d do anything for just that.
You have to believe me when I say I never intended to make you feel this way when I left. In fact, I had planned the opposite entirely.
I miss you so much I can barely stand it. SH
I see. I’m sorry about that. It’s not always easy to know the right step to take. I should’ve just asked, I suppose, but I assumed you’d want to go slow.
It would make the most sense for me to just pick up the phone and call you, I know, but speaking to you on the phone is almost unbearable. Almost as unbearable as the thought of seeing you on weekends. I know this perplexes you a little bit, but having a little bit of you and not being allowed to have it all is… very difficult for me. You know I’m an all or nothing man. Little nibbles of you, I know, would make it even harder to breathe the rest of the time.
- that you really don’t have to do this. You don’t
Sherlock smiles, “See, she’s already committed to the experiment.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, sighing and burying his face against John’s neck.
“John, we sleep in the same bed,” Sherlock points out, one fact among many.
It almost too easy in the end. Sherlock does not eat but sits with John at the table, listening to him go over the morning paper and telling him which articles to save. John smiles into his coffee when Sherlock’s feet finds his under the table, and he accepts with an even broader smile the kiss Sherlock plants on his lips when he declares he needs a shower. Morning shapes into afternoon without either of them noticing. Sherlock smells nice after his shower and so John pushes him down onto the sofa and kisses him soundly for long minutes. He laughs, when a little more than a hour later, Sherlock gives him the same treatment, going on and on in quiet whispers just how long he’s wondered how his hair would feel still damp. Lunchtime comes and goes, John too busy moving clothes and belongings to his new room to notice. Sherlock helps in his own way, offering to share his sock index system, and if their shared laughter fills the room more than once, John makes sure to kiss the sound directly from Sherlock’s lips each time.
I had no idea you felt that way about Julian, and I don’t have to tell you there is no reason to be jealous. He can’t compare to you in many (many) ways, and besides, you’re the one I will tell all those things to one day. I do understand how you feel about this, and I wish I could be the one you talk to about your time away, but sometimes talking about it to a stranger helps. In the end, you’ll always be the only one I’d want to talk about my struggles to. You have to know that. I’ve probably badly explained what I meant in my previous letter, and I’m sorry I did. I want us to have other people to hang out with, to spend nights at the pubs with or to have over for dinner. I truly think we need it, and I’m ready to talk more about that with you if you feel the need to.  I long for the moment we can finally talk about all this face to face. I long for nights spent whispering all the things we still haven’t said in these letters.
That you love me back.
Sherlock are you alright? It’s 2 in the morning?
Sherlock’s voice is quiet, a whisper in the already too-silent air.
Sherlock watches him closely, “To use? Together?”
“I need your help with something of a more… personal nature,” Sherlock stammers.
Sherlock,
“Thanks, John, I, too, can feel it.”
“But you could have,” John replies. “One day, you are going to. You deserve to.”
“What are you thinking about?”
“Tell me.”
I’ve feared for all too long that I am not what you need. You deserve so much more than me, Sherlock. But now you’re telling me you love me, and so I choose to trust you.
“I never imagined this. I didn’t think I’d - we’d - ever get here. I didn’t dare hope,” Sherlock says quietly, putting his hand in the middle of the table, between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
John holds back another moan, pushing Sherlock away and taking his hand.
I bet you’re probably sick of cases for a while now. Last one was a bit of a doozy. Heh. Lestrade just rang with one, though. Probably a seven, more likely a six. Let me know if you’re in.
John smiles, brushing their lips together, “I’m here.”
This is childish. If you want to talk, let me know. If not, I’ll be waiting anyway.
“One day?”
He’s on an obscure page on army symbols and insignia when he realises that none of the things he’s seeing look or feel anything similar to what John has. Time to explore another avenue.
When John readjusts Rosie’s diaper bag on his shoulder with Rosie in his arms, though, he’s suddenly saying, “Well. We’d best be off, then,” and Sherlock can’t quite believe it. His stomach drops in disappointment and something close to shame.
“Did you take the bottle of wine?” John asks, peeking into the back of the car.
He opens the door to Mycroft’s office with care, not wanting to make himself known, even though he inevitably has to.
“Do you think he’ll agree to Papa? Or Dad? Could just be Sherlock, too.” Rosie points to the door at the name, looking at him. “Yes, let’s go downstairs. I’m sure he’s already making your breakfast.”
Sherlock’s eyes roam all over his face, one hand coming up to stroke his cheek slowly, “We could watch a movie,” he says, not at all what John had expected.
“I’m allowed to be angry, John. And if you’d just give me some space to do so, we can move on from this. After everything - ”
John studies him silently, wanting to tell him that women have moaned and whispered just how gorgeous, how strong, how manly he is, but that it never mattered. Not really. He wants to tell him that his heart might explode right now because of how happy he feels, of how lucky he feels in this very moment. But his lips remain sealed and he leans in to press their mouths together, the touch almost too gentle and Sherlock smiles against his lips. A lazy smile that John wants to make his own, over and over again.
John withdraws his hand suddenly with a murmured “Sorry,” and goes back to his meal. Sherlock grabs it and settles it back where it was, on his thigh.
“For a long time, I didn’t dare to go inside your bedroom. I don’t know why - it’s stupid, really - but it felt like dangerous territory,” John continues, eyes detailing Sherlock’s profile meticulously. “I was already thinking about what could happen in there too much, so I figured it was best not to feed the fantasy.”
Sherlock
“More because you are wrapped around me, I’d say, but, sure, Christmas makes it even better.”
“You know,” John began again after some time. “You’re not making getting out of this bed and going back to work seem very appealing at all.”
“One fear: to disappoint you, that my lack of experience concerning all sexual matters will be a problem to you. One doubt: I’m not one hundred percent certain you won’t leave again. Everytime I dare to imagine a future with you, I find myself doubting it is even possible that you’ll remain with me here. One question: will I ever be able to prove to you just how much I love you?”
“Well, if everything’s ok with you, I should —”
Sherlock snaps his eyes to hers. Smarter than she looks. (“
Sherlock walks back towards him. “A doctor’s personal journal. By the looks of it, he’s describing early medical experiments.”
“Possibly,” Sherlock replies coyly, to which John grins and speeds up.
The restaurant isn’t too crowded and they quickly place their order. Sherlock, apparently wanting to try a bit of everything, takes care in ordering for the both of them. John is glad to simply be there, getting to experience something so ordinary and yet breathtakingly new. They don’t have to wait long, Sherlock spending the entire time pointing out details from the movie that explains why it is still so popular. John listens avidly, unable to stop himself from smiling from ear to ear.
“Yes. That would be alright.”
“John, please,” John says, shaking the man’s hand. “And you can call him Sherlock.”
“Actually,” Sherlock had recanted, “that’s not entirely true.”
“Right,” he says decidedly, moving away. “I’m off.”
That’s all I want too.
He isn’t sure of the content of the dream, but he knows one thing: Sherlock needs him.
Sherlock remains there for a long moment, breathing against his mouth and John waits for the words that he’s surely been holding back all this time: “I... “
Truth be told, I was expecting something… more. Before we parted ways for the night. SH
“I- John.”
Christ, I’m sorry. This letter is a mess.
“Ooohhh, you’re a bad man,” John said, kissing Sherlock’s shoulder and chest and anywhere else within reach.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes out.
John just has the time to clean the table and go back upstairs before Sherlock finds him again. Looking absolutely gorgeous, John can’t help but let both hands wander over his back and arse as he kisses him goodbye, and the look Sherlock casts him is full of promise. Rosie babbles to herself as Sherlock leaves, waving to the room, and John assures her Sherlock will be back as soon as possible. He’s just about to pick her up when his phone rings and he hurries to leave her with some of her toys before answering.
It seems I’m not the man I used to be. I can no longer stand idly by and play the violin while you dance your first dance with another woman. I can’t nail myself to the cross like that anymore. This, too, terrifies me. If I’m not living for you, who am I living for? I became so used to going through the motions of each day because I had somebody to rely on me. Or so I thought. In my twisted mind, I came to believe you needed me, and that I’d always be available to you. That has to come to an end.
Sherlock’s eyes are back on him immediately, sharp and studying. John lets him see it all. He doesn’t need a drink tonight, nor any night from now on. He is not going to let alcohol get in the way of this. Never again.
“I did,” Sherlock replies, having gone back to talking quietly.
“Yes,” John replies, walking away. “Thank you again.”
When you showed up on my doorstep, drunk and sentimental again, I knew I couldn’t continue the way we have been anymore. I hate having half of you and half of me meeting up in the middle to make half a relationship. I hate that you can only really want me when you’re drunk or in need of a danger fix. That, or jealous.
“Just fine?” John teases, leading Sherlock to realise that he knows exactly what he’s doing.
“Yeah, we might just,” John says to Sherlock’s lips, making them both giggle. “What do you say, love? Should we get a room after this?” His eyes are twinkling and Sherlock wishes the kissing didn’t have to stop.
“Not at all,” John smiles, leaving a trail of kisses down his neck and chest. “In fact, I’m loving it more and more.”
John huffed out a laugh, shaking his head.
First of all, yes. I do want this too. You beneath me, face to face, no condoms because this is
Sherlock doesn’t reply, walking to him and stopping barely a few centimetres away. John licks his lower lip nervously, the proximity doing all kinds of things to his mind.
As do I. Obviously.
Because you’re all I need too.
I’d like that, John. SH
. How could he have done this again?
“I made toast,” Sherlock announces, finally turning around. “You should also drink your water.”
Then, no. No penetration from either side with Sholto. But stuffs, as you said, yes. A lot of stuff.
John looks back at him, leaning in for a kiss and breathing him in. “Yes. But there’s a training.” Sherlock frowns, the silent question in his eyes quite obvious. “Six months. In Norwich.”
As your so-called “want” for drugs - you’re not fooling anyone, least of all me. You managed just fine without the drugs when we met and lived together. Your mind doesn’t need to be improved, and finding excuses will lead you nowhere.
“A break. Like I proposed. Just… just for now or until you’re done.”
“Okay. Let’s get up,” John suggests, making no move to do so himself but knocking Sherlock’s leg with his own.
Sherlock glances at him. “You don’t have to.”
“I figured, since we’re stuck here, we could guide her through some exercises and help her achieve some of these goals.”
John leans down to kiss him, quick and soft before a Sherlock can pull him down on top of him.
“GET A ROOM, LOVEBIRDS!”
Well, I’d like to kiss you breathless first. And then maybe some more kissing.
Unable to stop a bright chuckle from getting out, John slowly shifts closer, rubbing their noses together. “Better?”
“Coffee? Dessert?” the waiter asks.
Now that they’re together, though, the adjustment period has been surprisingly minimal. It could be because they’ve spent every day together, even if it’s just for an hour or two. They’ve managed to make love almost every single day since that first time. Some days, John has even come to the flat between seeing patients or on lunch breaks. On those days, they always started out claiming they’d be having a quickie, starting with hastily discarded socks and undershirts, which inevitably turned into slow, systematic adoration every single time. Their lovemaking, in contrast, would frequently somehow turn into fucking. The alleged monotony that accompanies monogamous relationships that Sherlock had heard so much about doesn’t seem to have any place in their world. As with everything else in their shared lives, unpredictability and sometimes even danger are the order of the day. Their cases are their frantic fucking are their humdrum daily chores are their luxurious lovemaking are their lives. Nothing is immune to the usual storm that was Sherlock and John, with all its complexities. And that’s what Sherlock appreciates the most - by joining together this way, they haven’t lost their core, but merely maximised it. They are better together, as always. Six days ago, lying in bed after one such quickie-turned-worshipping exploration, John had said as much, too:
He rolls over onto his back, kicking the heavy duvet off his legs. He feels too stifled to be caged in right now, even by something as usually comforting as fabric. Taking his phone of the side table, he checks the time. It’s after one in the morning, but he suspects John will be awake; knows he’s been battling bouts of insomnia lately (undereye bags being the strongest indicator, among other things). His suspicion is confirmed when John answers the phone after only two rings.
Elaine seats him in her chair and shows him the stencil. That something so small and fine could mean so much is a marvel. He nods once and she asks him to remove his shirt and get comfortable.
“I didn’t touch you back yesterday,” he says, sounding much too serious.
“I don’t think I ever saw that perfect arse of yours disapear so fast.”
Sherlock has done some digging into family records posted online here and there. It hadn’t even really required much hacking because once Sherlock knew that John’s grandmother’s name was Elsie, he knew that a family tree he found on some inane blog belonged to a distant relative of John’s.
“She’s a lesbian, for starters,” he says, shaking his head as the last of his mirth dies away. “Also, she’s seriously not my type. At all.”
“It doesn’t seem trivial. Not at all,” John comforts him. “I know exactly what you mean. Of course I do. When you were gone, you lived in my heart and that way, you were mine - permanently. I suppose that was part of the difficulty I faced when you returned: I had built up this fantasy where although you were gone, you were a part of me because you weren’t around to have any say. I romanticised what we were before you left to suit my own narrative. It was easy to forget, in my own longing and grief, that we were just friends.”
There’s also something more - and just writing this down is making my entire body ache - but I need to get it out.
The rest of the evening passes by awkwardly, and by the time they leave, Sherlock is glad to be alone with his shame and his puzzle.
You absolute tosser. Don’t move. I’m coming over. And I’ll never say “no” to you. You should know that by now, you idiot.
“Perfect,” John smiles, leaning in for another kiss. “Ready in twenty?”
“I still remember when you asked me that for the first time,” he smiles.
“I don’t - I’m not good. At this sort of thing. You know that. We - We’re not those people. I’m sorry if it’s all a bit too much for you. This is why I never said anything. I didn’t want you to feel pressured or awkward around me. Never that. I always wanted - I always knew that, no matter what happened, you’d be my friend and I was never willing to give that up. Not for anything” John is barely choking out the words, as though the weight of them is too much for him. Sherlock wishes he could reach across and carry some of them for him; lighten the load a little bit.
“No, there is. There is. I’m so sorry for all of it. But most of all, I’m sorry that I couldn’t find it in me to forgive you when you came back. I know what you did was for me. I know that now. But that didn’t change the fact that I carried you with me all the time you were gone, and it was even difficult to stop once I knew you weren’t dead. It was somehow easier when you weren’t there; to love you. To go out and get a tattoo in honour of you. Because I didn’t have to face up to it and the consequences of it. I didn’t have to deal with the longing and the pain and… It just hurt so much, that-”
John exhales slowly, “Good. That’s… good.”
Sherlock slumps forward into John’s arms, wrung out from the experience. His breathing is slowly evening out, matching John’s deep, suggestive breaths.
“Don’t tell me,” John teases. “You’re loving it more and more.”
John lets his fingers play with the sand, anything to keep himself from fleeing.
“Don’t, please. I could do this all day. I heard what you said to that girl.”
I’m terrified of everything, it seems. But most of all, I’m terrified of losing you, in any way possible. I thought I was stronger than this, but it’s starting to look like I’m weaker than either one of us imagined. And, at 3 o’clock in the morning when everybody else in this godforsaken city seems to be in a restful sleep except me, the mind takes over. I thought London was meant to be bustling and vibrant at all hours - isn’t that what the tour books say? Why, then, do I find myself with my thoughts alone?
They part after long minutes, Sherlock resting his forehead against John’s.
“I am so sorry,” John whispers back, closing his eyes to fight back tears.
John hurries to follow him, finding that the fire has mysteriously been lit. Mrs Hudson’s doing for certain. She had been absolutely thrilled to see them both the day before, and even more so when John had said he was moving back in. Explaining to her why had resulted in tears and hugs so tight that John’s muscles still remember her embrace.
Sherlock studies him for another minute before going back to his book. John focuses on the TV, finishing what’s on his plate quickly. He settles more comfortably on the sofa afterwards, sliding an arm around Sherlock’s waist, allowing him to lean against him more properly. They remain like that, John kissing Sherlock’s temple now and then, if not his lips when Sherlock silently asks for a kiss. It’s not until a second documentary ends that Sherlock puts his book down, yawning.
I ordered the boutonnieres. Just in case. We can choose not to wear them if you don’t want to.
I’ve imagined so many scenarios in which certains things go wrong. I know, if you were here, you’d let me curl up into your lap and hold me while the thoughts settled down, but, for now, I just have to learn to deal with them. Horrible, intrusive thoughts. I’d like to tell you about them, but I don’t think it’d be very appropriate. All I can say is that it’s cold and lonely for me without you here, and I can’t stop myself from imagining you, there, not so cold and not so alone. I can’t stop my mind from taking over and reminding me that, while I’m here, on my own, you’re
John curses against himself for calling so late in the day.
TED of Stella and Ted, John. Their surname is??? SH
“Always knew you were a genius, love,” John teases him gently, hand coming to pinch his naked arsecheek. “Now, let’s get you dressed.”
Sherlock doesn’t need more to understand exactly what John is referring to, and he takes the hit without a sound. He manages to nod, throat dry. “I see.”
“I wouldn’t lie to you,” Sherlock replies, pulling away just enough to look at him almost defensively.
“Good,” John says, offering Sherlock his hand to lead him out the door. “And we’ll have plenty of time to bring Rosie with us in future, don’t worry about that.”
Shaking his head, John gets up and makes his way to the bus’ doors. He tries not to look too impatient to get off, and convinces himself he really can’t run back home, but it doesn’t stop him from walking rather fast as soon as the bus stops and the doors open. Baker Street is just down the corner, but it still feels too bloody far. His keys already in hand, John almost trip over a hole in the pavement as he finally arrives in front of the door. Just as he’s about to insert key into the keyhole, the door flies open and one large hand drags him inside.
The words are spoken directly against his neck, and John doesn’t suppress the shiver running up his spine.
Sherlock kisses him back with such hunger that John almost collapses on top of him. Sherlock cries out, loud, and John knows it is now or never. He pulls away and thrusts into Sherlock right away. The sudden change in Sherlock’s moans is all the validation John needs.
“And what would you like me to do about it?” John teases, even as he’s unfolding Sherlock in his arms to kiss him senseless.
Sherlock frowns, “I may be a virgin, but I’m quite certain clothes are off during sex.”
“Let’s get ready and we’ll have time to have lunch there, too,” John suggests, still very close.
He listens to Sherlock and Mark talking behind him, doing his best not to focus on whatever they are saying. He needs air, and quickly.
“Here. This flat. These walls.”
“I’ve known worse.”
The confession is barely a whisper in the already quiet room, lingering between them as if to stay there indefinitely.
This too, you know, I can't wait to discover with you.
“I know,” John whispers back.
John.
“If you trusted me, I would know more about you.”
so much as he’d been looking forward to it, albeit a little apprehensively. But there’s no point in any of it now that John’s quietly closing the front door of 221B behind him.
“Has it ever occurred to you that that’s my way of asking?”
“Where’s Rosie? I saw her downstairs.”
John takes a step forward, causing Sherlock to flinch and move backwards. It’s such a small moment, so small that nobody besides the two of them would ever know what it means or why it happened. His stomach sinks, knowing that he caused that. That Sherlock, on some level, is afraid of him when he’s in this state, and that he has good reason to be.
“I’m sure you do,” Sherlock says, reaching for some, too.
John feels the knot in his chest tighten, and he places two fingers under Sherlock’s chin, forcing him to look back at him. “I mean that Sherlock. I love you, more than anything. You are what’s important, what matters.”
Sherlock nods slowly. He has dozens of questions about Mary, some he knows are probably much too private, but the need to know sometimes eats him raw. “You don’t have to.”
“Well, what are you going to do about it?” Sherlock teased.
Sherlock shrugs, “Maybe. Is that a bad thing?”
John laughs softly, “I’m not sure I’m making any, but I’m serious when I say that I’m not going if it means I’m putting us at risk.”
He cups Sherlock’s face with his hands and pulls him down, meeting his lips in a soft kiss that seems somehow to implode with affection and tranquility - Sherlock can almost feel himself coming back down to earth; being grounded in this one exchange.
I know you liked her, more than any girlfriend I ever had, and I’m still not sure why your behavior didn’t change after she tried to kill you, but you must have had your reasons. To this day, I’m still uncertain on why she jumped in front of that bullet for you, but all I could feel was relief. I wasn’t afraid anymore. I knew no one would take Rosie from me. What kind of a husband feels relieved when his wife dies, Sherlock? I know now that it was the real reason for my anger. I was so angry at myself for feeling this way, for not mourning her, for wanting to move on with my life as fast as possible. I even started hallucinating her. She was constantly in my head, talking and smiling and making me want to punch the nearest wall.
“Thank you,” he smiles, looking back at the road. “Now, why don’t you tell me about that first journal?”
Sherlock’s head falls to his chest, his voice muffled by his shirt now. “Questions.”
Just slightly, I’m sure.
Please, talk to me.
He has a knowing smile on his face and Sherlock doesn’t even have the patience to kiss it off right now. He does it anyway, pecking his upturned mouth as though conquering and seizing it for himself.
"Sherlock?" he calls, already moving around the flat, desperate to feel Sherlock's lips pressed against his own, but finds no one in the sitting room and kitchen.
“You can’t control me just because we’re sleeping together, John,” Sherlock says, and it’s cold, so cold that John suppresses a shiver that threatens to run down his spine.
"Sex doesn't alarm me, John." He said indignantly, defensively. John heard the shifting of sheets as his partner sat up to stare down at him.
He went through multiple drafts and even as he sealed the envelope he was unhappy with what he wrote.
"My case?" John asked with a frown.
"Do you want to shake him?"
"You always remember the names of the older guys but never the younger one."
From there he ran his fingers and his lips all over his lover's body, getting to know the smooth planes and the rough rises and falls. Scars he didn't know existed, some healed some new, revealed themselves and the topographical map in John's head expanded. The 15 minutes went by quickly and as the alarm was sounding he was arriving at Sherlock's old track mark scars. It had occurred to him that despite the fact of his lover usually, until recently, wearing a t-shirt to bed, his arms had always been bare. He'd ignored it. Subconsciously, sure, but still purposefully. And he didn't want to ignore any part of Sherlock. Every inch of him deserved to be loved. Especially the angry marks that told of collapsed veins, binges, need and pain.
"Legal marriage?"
John glanced down at their joined hands."
"Good evening, Honeybee." Sherlock intoned and she sniffled, hitched and smiled.
He awoke, God only knew how many hours later to find Sherlock pressed tightly behind, spooning him.
to come here. What about you? How did you end up in this lovely prison?"
John shook his head trying to wrap his mind around Sherlock moving away from him.
"Of course. For what little my opinion is worth, I agree." He said with a nod.
"And she'll have it." John assured him.
He was passively suicidal.
"John..." Sherlock began but seemed unable to continue.
Oh so he was using innuendo now. Well, alright then.
So, I...I've been doing the steps I suppose, just quietly, which may defeat the purpose I'm not sure. Ok, so, Step One; I admit that I am powerless over alcohol and my life...My life had become unmanageable. It's not easy for me to say that. It's not easy for anyone to say that, I imagine. To admit defeat. But that's what I was. That's what I am, defeated, I suppose.
He nodded.
"No, you asked if I had made love. I truthfully answered in the negative. Though I can clarify by saying I have not had penetrative sex with anyone."
"Alright, let's go." She said and started out ahead of both men. She was wearing a pretty blue dress and she had her hair up. She looked nice.
On his last trip to the car to grab the final bag he spotted him. There was Sherlock walking up the drive having nearly reached the car.
"You're not also a secret criminal mastermind are you?" John asked with amusement.
I saw my therapist today. First time in a year and a half. I thought it might help. It doesn't feel much like it's helping.
"You alright?" he asked quietly.
"Why just maybe?"
John chuckled.
"Don't thank me. Please don't thank me."
"I don't know how to thank you. I don't think anyone would even look at me on my own."
"I'm sorry?" Sherlock asked as he placed the instrument carefully back in its case."
"Of course I'm, afraid. Do it wrong you end up a vegetable or shoot off your jaw."
don't typically give gifts to
"Better." Sherlock said and it wasn't a question."Now, ask me what you wanted to ask me."
"I hope you didn't cut that short on my account."
"Mission accomplished." I said and moments later felt his hand in my hair. Sherlock had never touched my hair before much less run his fingers through it. The pleasant sensation made goosebumps rise on my skin. "I forgive you if you forgive me."
Sherlock asking for forgiveness and the subsequent look of surprise on his face when it was bestowed, clearly telegraphing he didn't expect it.
It wasn't all bad, these times, this life.
She'd be so different now. A year and 3 months old. He hadn't seen her since April. Almost a full year.
"I didn't-"
He handed it to Sherlock who immediately read it, his face softening as he did so.
Quite the opposite as he emerged from the bathroom clean but with more pent up energy than ever. His mind was going a million miles a second, jumping from topic to topic, worry to worry yet refusing to settle
Now to make it 31.
choice that they willing went after must be wrong. That's what addiction does and that's how recovery can skew so badly. You start to doubt everything. It was similar to something Eric had told him once.
Even thinking about it while he stood in the shower John closed his eyes imagining them pushing things further, clothes coming off, those first touches of flesh against flesh, it made his heart race. That was what confused him. Even though being a doctor he knew better, he hadn't imagined you could have arousal, need, want, desire, hunger and every other adjective available without an erection.
John tuned her out a bit because of the squick factor but mostly due to thoughts about Sherlock. His mate was sad. His mate was happy. Happy when he was in the room. Sad when he left.
He didn't want to tell him. He didn't want to think it somehow meant what they'd been doing wasn't enough. But the little tastes of Sherlock, though they were becoming more frequent
"DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT PROMISES!" He shouted and then shut his eyes. He didn't want to do this. He didn't want to scream at Sherlock. He leaned as far back in his chair as he could as Sherlock leaned forward. When he did, that prickly feeling started to rise on John's skin.
"I think so." He said quietly in reply. His pupils were large and dark as they searched John's eyes.
He hurried to the loo, turned on the water and stepped inside. It wasn't exactly the first time he'd wanked to Sherlock. He'd always had a way of cropping up in John's fantasies when he least expected him. In those days he'd tried to push him away, albeit gently. It wasn't something he was ready to deal with or could deal with but it was there and both he and the Sherlock who existed in his mind new it. Now, he felt no such restrictions and letting his mind and his hand wander he turned his thoughts to the man he now shared a bed and a life with.
It had started and ended with sex. They had gotten so screwed up again...somehow. He wasn't even certain what had happened. But he suspected it stemmed from that one comment. That he thought everything could be solved by an orgasm. It had stung and it kept on stinging long after they got home and when he didn't want to think about it he had another pill to quell the rising emotions.
"Is it ever...softer?"
Grabbing him by the t-shirt John fell back pulling Sherlock on top of him.
‘That’s men for you.” She said with a shake of her head before adding. “You know, I always knew you were gay, John." Harry said and he choked slightly on his tea.
"Hey, Harry, maybe we could talk, you and I."
At Sherlock's words, something inside of John Watson broke.
"Did you invite them?"
Mrs. Hudson came in timidly, John noted, almost as though she expected them to be swinging naked from a trapeze.
"You deserve an apology from me. A real apology. I'm sorry for how I acted the other day. I picked a fight with you when you weren't doing anything except trying to express how you wanted to take care of Rosie and I. You care about me. You love me and you're likely worried that any undue stress might push me some place neither of us want me to be. You were just being kind and I cut you off at the knees. I'm sorry, Sherlock. Please forgive me. Oh and you're right, I bloody hate being a GP. I hate it. But something tells me I need to do this. Maybe that something is wrong but I need to find out for myself. And I promise I'll take it easy. Will you forgive me?"
Years ago Sherlock had kindly volunteered to teach him a few steps when John had been fretting about the wedding.
John decided to do as he asked. There was literally no way he could make it worse.
"Hanah, you make it seem like I'm going to be back to step one when I get out of here." John interjected.
He'd thought Sherlock might close his eyes but instead, he kept them open and they grew wider as he let himself feel. Those beautiful eyes, two pools of ever-changing color always teetering on the edges of blue and gray and green. John had wanted to see those eyes at this particular moment when they were as connected and as one as they ever had been. Sherlock's hand moved up the landscape of John's back to rest on the nape of his neck, gently tugging, silently asking for a kiss which John gave.
"Ah, yes, because you're vocal." John teased affectionately. "Lucky me."
"Go to bed." I finally said shortly. "You're not perfect but I think you'll keep for the night. You need rest. I'll be in periodically to check on you."
"When this is over, when you're released, have you thought about what you might do?"
"I'm taking my time."
He dressed quickly and headed out into the hall, iPod, and earbuds in hand. He had no idea if he was allowed to use the gym facilities in the middle of the night but it was worth a try.
"It's alright, I'd had practice with that plan. The suicide, I mean. I was going to kill myself awhile after I got back from Afghanistan."
"Then invite him. This isn't just about seeing your best friend this is about moving forward and embracing what's true and what isn't, no matter how painful. I can't guarantee he'll accept and I can't force you, but I can strongly advise that you invite him, all right?"
There was something so demoralizing about all this. Another piece of the puzzle. Just how goddamn big was the puzzle going to be? Was there any move, any choice he'd ever made that wasn't tainted or scarred?
"27 times over the last 4 and a quarter months." Sherlock rattled off easily.
He spat out every word, every syllable never letting his voice rise, never shouting or yelling. He was too enraged right now to shout. Too close to tearing this man apart with his bare hands.
John knew he'd found something when the drumming abruptly stopped. The sound of Sherlock's fingers working rapidly over his keyboard filled the room briefly.
"Goodnight, Sherlock."
"I don't believe that's a good idea-"
John smiled in return.
John nodded. He was fine. Sure. Of course, he was.
"That's the ironic thing which I know you know. You start taking it to quell your anxiety and after awhile it starts to
actually got something right, for once."
This was greeted with laughter and smiles as he'd hoped. He was winging it. None of this was planned but it was flowing more smoothly than he could have imagined.
Soon it was time to return his device and dejectedly he made his way back to the front office and dully handed the mobile over.
His inbox had been bursting before but never like this.
By March it was an ingrained habit and it even seemed to be taking some of the invisible pressure off his relationship with Sherlock. They could talk about anything and everything. But he never wanted to go back to burdening him the way he had done before. It wasn't right or fair.
"You didn't mean what you said?" Sherlock began. "About finding another lovely woman, did you?"
. The dead notes right before the chorus in
"Well, it was delicious. Both on the pancakes and on your finger."
"It hasn't been that long. It just doesn't feel as though it fits."
"John-"
Hanah got up from behind the desk walked over and say cross-legged before him.
I have to go tend to my daughter now. And make plans to bury my wife.
is a verb expressing a positive inclination so technically you didn't answer my question instead you changed it midstream. But to answer
It was on the tip of his tongue to say, No. But then he looked at Amy. He had no idea who she was or what her story might be. She wasn't a tv or movie star as best he could tell. Maybe she was somebody's adult kid, some wealthy heiress or maybe she was Secret Service. He had no idea. But in that moment it didn't matter because she was looking at him with wonder. There were plenty of people in the room who had far more days than he did but she hadn't heard that and didn't even know their names. But the way she was looking at him told John that this, seeing somebody who'd kicked it for even a month was a big deal. Right now she likely couldn't imagine another 24 hours much less a month.
"Not exactly how things worked out."
SH. As if he wouldn't know who they were from. It was so delightfully pretentious. So very public school. So Sherlock.
Sherlock only whimpered in reply.
Now, what you guys should do is go straight to Tumblr and look at more of her incredible work. You will not be disapointed!
"Yeah, you absolutely can." John intoned.
"Just to show you that I'm quite serious about what I said."
"I asked several times if I might come over this evening or if you'd like to join me at Baker Street, like the good old days. Both offer still stand. I realize it may sound a bit sentimental for me but I...I can't bear the thought of you being alone tonight."
That is quite an invasion or my privacy."
"Incorrect." Sherlock replied quickly. "Your behavior makes me unhappy and only your recent behavior at that. I abhor being lied to and dislike secrets. You've been dealing in both. The solution it would seem is simple, tell me the truth and a large chunk of our problems vanish. Next."
getting clean for. You are not getting clean for your daughter, you are not getting clean for your sober sister, you are not getting clean to keep some sort of promise to your dead wife, you are not getting clean because you have disgraced Duck or the army, you are not getting clean for your father who didn't and you are not getting clean for Sherlock Holmes." Hanah had put down her notebook and was looking at him critically. "You have to understand this, John and you have to understand it now because otherwise, we're going forward under a false belief. A lot of marriages don't survive rehab and do you know why? Because the process of recovering from addiction is just as selfish as being addicted. Because after months or years of the addict focusing on what they
Finally, he got to his feet and made his way to the front of the room. Reggie shook his hand and then placed a small coin in his open palm. It was red and about the size of a poker chip. Emblazoned on it were the words "Unity. Service. Recovery. To Thine Ownself Be True". He smiled at it, it felt like nothing in his hand, practically weightless. He hadn't thought this would matter much to him, couldn't see how. It was just a trinket. But that didn't stop the surprising surge of tentative pride he felt.
"John." Sherlock called from behind him. "Will you come back tomorrow? Please?"
They stood there silently because, as it always had, it felt good to just be silent in one another's presence. After a few quiet minutes, John angled his head to share a soft kiss.
"Yes, Sherlock? Do you need something, darling? Is there something I can do for you?"
As they settled Sherlock extended a hand and brushed his cheek with his knuckles smiling softly.
"Good, I'm glad you got some rest. And emotionally, how are you feeling right now?"
"Ok, love. You'll tell them and I'll stand at your side."
"I'm not entirely sure I agree with that."
"Meeting went well. I spoke a bit today about the past and how hard but necessary it can be to let go. Eric and I had a good talk this morning. Actually, we talked a bit about anniversaries. You know, sober anniversaries and others and Mary came up. The anniversary of her death specifically. And I don't recall if I did it at the time...and even if I did it wasn't enough but... Thank you, for helping me through it this year. It was difficult and I know
But he'd had to sit there in group and feign interest and listen to all their nervous, hopeful questions and Reggie's reassuring answers and wish to God he was somewhere else.
"See? You can show off for me next time." Sherlock said with a low chuckle.
That was 7:40 PM. He tried to pass the time, tried to read, to write a bit in his journal, read again, listen to music all while keeping an eye on the phone. 8 o'clock, 9, 10, 11, 12. By 1 AM he had curled up in the bed still decked out in his clothes like a child having drifted into an uneasy but deep sleep At a quarter to 2 his phone rang.
"Was that all?"
you relive?"
"No."
Goddamn it.
"The first scenario would have been quite dramatic. Not that this wasn't. The second one plain stupid." Sherlock paused, glanced away and then back. "About what you said...I thought you weren't interested in lovemaking," Sherlock said and John had to press his lips together to not telegraph the pleasant little shiver he got when his mate...sorry,
That level of self-delusion...
"I don't think that's true at all." John said with a frown. "Also, I'm
"Yeah, it's in my room."
"You said Molly was coming round. I'll be fine."
But he still worried about expressing too much, revealing too much, pushing Sherlock farther than he wanted to go. The alcohol and now the rehab had opened a floodgate and he felt less in control of his emotions that he had since he was a child.
"I need some air. I can't just sit here. I need a break. And I'm-I'm not asking. I'll be back in 5 or 10."
John got to his feet as well and extended his hand.
John Watson, my friend, remains the bravest man I have ever met.
"Good, it's some of the first real emotion I've seen from you in days. And I've been waiting for this question."
forms of your life, especially for some of you who are in romantic relationships and possibly,
"I do. Is this an AirBnB? Because, if so, what a find." John paused before continuing. "Then again..."
"I know, sweetheart, I remember. Now, you may feel some pressure in your bladder, but it's alright, it's normal. It'll pass."
But at times like this he liked the blur; the rush of limbs, the crush of lips, the grasping, feeling, touching, kneading, holding, tugging. It all sped by and John was infinitely aware of each and every second. Sherlock was gentle but not tentative as he worked one, two, three fingers inside of him, taking breaks only to let him breathe and to lavish attention on his cock. John spent most of this time keening and trying desperately to stay still.
"You're welcome, John."
"There seems to be a shortage of cases nowadays."
Instead, it ended with he and Sherlock not speaking.
John shifted in Sherlock's loose hold so he could turn and look at him fully.
Sherlock smiled in return.
Duck frowned and looked down before shaking his head.
"That is the first time in all our sessions that you've expressed any sort of thoughts or desires or worries for what might happen when you leave this place. That's a big deal, John."
"It's like Dad's isn't it? That's what I told Clara. I'm also constantly pointing out how much she looks like you. It's uncanny."
"And I would think you would have the decency not to shoot up in front of me even if you were so inclined. I intend to show the same courtesy. I don't need a drink. John."
John quickly took out his phone.
But he
Sherlock made a small noise in his throat at the mention of 40+ pills per day and John squeezed his hand.
"I'm going to get some air." John said rising to his feet with unsteady speed.
In an effort to distract himself and stop any tears before they started he spoke.
"I really am going to make more of an effort when it comes to that." He said honestly. It was true. The shopping list had been full of actual food. Fruits and vegetables and he'd discovered a clean kitchen made him slightly more inclined to cook. But it wasn't consistent. He wasn't consistent. For the moment they were sidestepping old habits, leaping over them when need be. He didn't like to think about what would happen when they'd be too big to vault over.
"Tell me why you believe that."
She turned her head to look at him and smiled and he, in turn, smiled back.
Once I realized what was happening, yes I did!
"And you didn't either?"
"Whatever you're thinking, stop it. Stop it and let me ride you."
"Let's get to bed then."
"Alright, lunch is on order, everything looks presentable. I bought some coloring books and crayons, hopefully, she'll like those."
"Hmm?"
In silence she went about conducting a brief exam.
"No time for that now. You have to comfort her."
"That sounds better than good." He said with a happy chuckle. "Thank you, Hanah."
Sorry for being gone for so long.
"You've returned to Baker Street, moved back in and have initiated a romantic and sexual relationship with my brother, Dr. Watson. Somewhere along the way you and I seem to have gotten our wires a bit crossed."
The alcoholism was, of course, the easy answer in the beginning but it didn't fly so much anymore. Not to mention the fact that he wasn't certain what Harry had already told him. Best to ask.
"No." He said quickly. "On the contrary... in fact, you've always been a poor judge of what you deserve."
Sherlock adjusted his jaw but didn’t look up from his screen.
"No to what specifically." She asked. "To all of it?"
"You got a home to go back to?"
The best way was to take a drive up to Sussex. Absence made Sherlock's heart grow fonder and memory grow dimmer. Usually, a few lung-fulls of country air, annoyingly chipper greetings from local residents, a brief survey around the sleepy little town and the detective would practically be ready to run back to London.
"This is what it's always like. Pulling him back from the edge. Keeping him calm, keeping him in line. Keeping the mad genius with his feet on the ground and I'm sick of it. I am sick to death of babysitting this child who never ever has to face the consequences of his actions. Who is always bailed out by me or his brother or sheer fucking luck. I am sick to death of it and I am sick to death of him. And I want to hurt him until he wakes up. Until he wakes both of us up. How much more do I have to suffer for him? How much more do I have to lose on the altar of Sherlock Holmes?"
The evening ended serenely, perfectly. Both of them sitting on the floor by the tree, fire lit, lights fading on and off, kissing passionately but slowly.
"Then you have to think about what's more important; what you have or what you could have? Is it worth possibly ruining something because you're what, too greedy? What can you really expect the other person to say? How can you possibly know how they'll behave? Maybe they'll feel put upon."
The snow which had bustled in with icy fury just a few days prior had left little remnants of its anger. The snow that did remain was simply a fixture of the land, ever present, solid and blindingly white.
And even when we mended our friendship I kept on hurting you. I abandoned our work and I abandoned you.
"John," The nurse began as he stood at the desk to collect his phone."Are you ever going to use your points?"
He entered him slowly, enjoying John already pleading for more. Once he was fully sheathed inside him he’d wanted to take a moment, catch his breath and steady himself but the doctor had other ideas. He started to grind back against him, working himself on Sherlock’s cock demanding the detective spring to action. With no other option Sherlock put his hands on the doctor’s hips, guiding his moments, doling out the pleasure as he saw fit. To his surprise, yet again, John seemed willing to submit, and when he was committed to the rhythm established Sherlock removed one of his hands and placed it in John’s hair.
James wasn't immune.
"I'm glad and I will help any way I can."
She was delighted for them but more than that she was proud.
When the show was over I clapped and you came out from behind the sheet and said we weren't finished yet. The clowns hadn't arrived. I asked you who were the clowns and you said we were. You pulled out a little bag of flour you'd nicked from the kitchen and a tube of lipstick that I assume you'd gotten from Mum's old jewelry box. You used water to turn the flour into a paste and you "painted" your face and mine and then gave us both big red smiles and cheeks. We walked about the house making faces and, well, clowning around.
stop.
"Sherlock."
"Oh."
"Now, we're a residential inpatient treatment facility specializing in substance abuse, PTSD, depression, mental illness, and trauma. This program is 90 days and you are expected to remain in the facility on the grounds for the duration. Is all that clear to you?"
“No, no, please don’t stop.” There was the begging. “My answer is no, that isn’t what I do.”
He tried to gather his thoughts on the topic but it wasn't easy. There was so much emotion swirling about but all he wanted to do was speak plainly.“I don’t like it. I don’t like that it’s me but it is. I guess I have this tendency to see things in black and white; people, situations, myself. The book talked about how it was a survival mechanism. I guess that’s true. I mean, growing up there wasn’t a lot of room or space for nuance. I categorize people as friend or foe and that’s sort of it.”
He was still getting accustomed to this Sherlock. All this time, all these years he'd carelessly laboured under the idea that his best friends emotional depths were shallow at worst and unplumbed at best. Sherlock was reserved, not cold, but...distant. But now he looked on their past together with different, more discerning eyes. One event that stood out in particular for so many different reasons was the incident in the train car. Sherlock, tear streaked, claiming to be unable to defuse the bomb, begging for forgiveness, receiving it, confessing he'd stopped the timer long ago and then laughing heartily.
"You're welcome."
blowjob from Sherlock.
"You said
"Well done, you." Sherlock said appreciatively.
“How did you learn that?”
He was covered from the waist down. John had no idea if he was clothed or naked beneath the sheets. What he did know was that seeing Sherlock's muscular, broad back from this angle was something to behold. Pale and freckled each movement showed the strength underneath. It was a spectacle, a glorious one of planes and valleys that John only wanted to touch and touch more. But that wasn't quite the best part. The best part was his surprisingly attractive arse, that formed a lovely raise and slope under the sheets. It looked firm and John wanted nothing more than to seat himself a top it as he worked. But then Sherlock would surely feel his erection and as silly as it sounded he wasn't sure they were quite there yet.
John opened his mouth to speak and then closed it again.
"God, I hope so." He replied.
"Look, Harry, I know you think I'm a family-abandoning bastard and that's why we've never gotten on-"
"Yeah, of course."
I left you. Look, I know you don't want to talk about Dad and I get that. I get that we have very different memories about what happened in that house. I'm...I'm content to leave you with yours and not disturb you. But no matter how you see it I think we can at least agree we both had a hard and lonely and angry upbringing and it drove a wedge between us."
"You're really tense." He said.
"Just like that." His husband repeated.
"Soon, yes, but not quite now."
He smiled, surprised.
With no further protest he did as John asked. Once down to his pants he slid into bed next to him.
The minds races.
"Yeah...sure...ok..." I said, willing to promise him anything. Then his words registered. "Wait, what movies? Porn?"
"Sweetheart, please. Come here, John."
But she was The Woman and in that way, John used her to represent
"You were my whole world."
Indeed she was sitting up in the crib looking both terribly sleepy but expectant.
"Well, would you mind if I added a bit more bang?"
He expected to meet with Janine's fury. He hadn't called or texted. He had left her completely high and dry.
John shook his head.
"Yeah?"
Sherlock groaned and reached back to grasp at his hip.
"Yes, if you like." John replied with a grin kissing the top of his head. This caused Sherlock's arms to snake around him tighter and he pressed more firmly against John's chest. "Did you think we'd ever be here?"
Perhaps he was wrong.
"I want to go. Human interaction is complicated. The connections between parents and children, it can and often is just as complex as romantic relationships. That said, I often don't like who I am around them. I don't like the things I say and do. It's so difficult to remain clear-headed and focused around their chatter and...machinations."
"It's absolutely fine. It's not a bother, not at all." John shifted to switch off the lamp. The room darkened but the moonlight still gave him plenty to work with. That being said, he felt and saw Sherlock's body relax. He quickly screwed the jar back on the honey and set it aside.
John watched, hands thrust into his pockets, forcing a smile as the vehicle made it's way down the mountain.
I'm starting to ate this phone. The "H" is almost completely worn out. It works intermittently but mostly every text I send sounds like I was born a stone's throw from Bow Bells.
"That is new age bullshit!" He spat. "We don't do that, you and I. We never have and I don't want to start now."
He willed himself not to jump at his mates contact with his flesh. He started his touch much higher than the area John had indicated. He was about to protest but Sherlock spoke first.
Jesus, he'd done this for him. Or rather for them both
"You emailed my therapist without asking me first?" He said sitting up and scowling.
When he was younger the moans and groans from one conquest after another had beaten it back. Years after that he hurled empty bottle after empty bottle toward it. Of course, it learned how to duck. Nowadays he threw his pills and for awhile they worked. But it still tried to get in. He'd see long fingers prying open windows, creeping under door frames but for the most part, he kept it at bay. But it also meant his world was limited to the environment he could control. He could control Baker Street, for the most part, but outside that door, it glommed onto him and he couldn't shake it. And sometimes, when he came home, it came in with him until he could banish it with another dose, or a case or a call from Rosie or an embrace from Sherlock.
It was so formal John might have laughed if he'd had a laugh in him.
"Goodnight, Honey Bee." Sherlock added.
John planted his lips to the crown of Sherlock's head first kissing him and then just inhaling his scent. He felt good. Today had been a good day from start to finish and he felt hopeful. He felt that just maybe he might look back on this moment one year, five years, ten years from now and be able to say this was one of those days that everything changed for the better. This was the day he left so much shit and baggage and unhappiness behind.
It was occurring to me now just how wrong I'd been. But still. Once burned twice shy. Best to clarify.
"Of course not." John said quietly.
"I don't know. I was toying with the idea of just packing up and leaving the country. I'm not sure."
I'm writing this from the waiting room and I don't know if you're going to live or die.
"Not at all, I can't make that decision for you. But I can tell you that people and life, in general, are going to be in flux. That doesn't however, mean we can't lay down a solid foundation with truth and honesty. It's up to you when and how you want to share it. But I will say this, you have repeatedly expressed a desire to get on with things. You're frustrated by your stagnation. You're upset by the time you feel you wasted. I think you should consider that when making your decision. Consider the trajectory of the rest of your life."
Must I only be able to have one or the other?
"Maybe not." He lied outright. "If he knew he'd say something. I'm always really careful. It's not like the alcohol, you can't tell. He can't tell. He suspects. I'll give you that, he suspects."
"I don't know. I just know that somehow she felt he factored into our split. Anyway, she helped me stand up on my feet and Mary helped me the rest of the way. I suppose I've always had people propping me up."
His body went stiff and suddenly he was propelled a million miles away back to every dark thought and action. Away from his attention and affection. Perhaps occupying his mind with only feeling what Sherlock was doing to him, for him, wasn't enough. Maybe it would never be enough.
He tried to make a swipe for the prescription still in the man's hand and knew immediately it was a mistake. Now the man was afraid of him. His eyes went wide and John saw the exact moment he changed his mind about calling the GMC and instead shifted to calling the police.
Sometimes it was quick because the conversation ended up being postponed.
John scratched at his beard and looked about the room.
He glanced down at his hand half expecting to find it caked and sticky with blood.
"All good on that front. I sleep better next to him and we've got a good routine down."
His boyfriend nodded and reached for the bottle of lube handing it to John.
"My pleasure. Most new patients sleep for the majority of their first day. Someone will bring in food a bit later. Your private bath is just there." He said and having taken out a small flashlight he used it as a pointer in the darkness. "Your clothes are in the cupboard there and the bureau there. And if you need anything there's a call button just there. Pleasant dreams, John."
"However you like, John. You have my support."
"You'd better." Came the reply.
"We should at least give it a once-over, you're right. Read it out loud now."
He didn't look at her again for the rest of the trip and she didn't exit the car at Baker Street.
But now John realized he'd been so wrong. What he thought was Sherlock delighting in playing him for a fool was really a poor performance on his best mates part. Trying desperately and simultaneously to both shield and reveal his true feelings.
Everything after that blurred as things often did. The medic arrived and forced him out of the way. John had already unbuttoned Sherlock's shirt for them but they tore it away from his body anyway. Sherlock would be upset. He liked that shirt. They put him on the gurney, wheeled him out. John rode along in the back, holding his hand. He'd held his hand the whole time. Except when they shocked him. He couldn't hold his hand when they sent volts through his body.
He was confused by the question but chose to let it go.
It's been awhile, I know. I just haven't felt the need to write. I've been content, happy. I have Mary, the baby and to top it all off I've still got you about.
"Perhaps. I want to know what you consider to be the last truthful conversation you had with John?"
"Daddy?"
"Ambitious?"
By the first week of September, he'd unceremoniously cut ties with Hanah, he had stopped going to meetings and he was up to 15 pills per day.
"I suppose Mary helped you with that?"
"Now I'm going to start talking and you're not going to interrupt me."
"Yeah?" John asked growing more excited by the minutes.
"Ballpark it?" He said repeating the Americanism. "Uhhh...I don't know, by my 20's I was in the mid 40's I suppose. My 30's were equally as active...It's high, I guess. Not Don Juan high but noteworthy."
"I-" He started shaking his head no as he scratched his beard. That was an added bonus to having a beard, it gave him something to do with his hands. "It's such a large, all-encompassing word. I think depression I think of someone who isn't able to get out of bed or function. I'll admit I was depressed, severely depressed after Mary died but..." He trailed off.
"Would that that were true." He said.
His own father was a piece of shit. A violent, drunken, monster who terrorized and beat his children.
"Of course I said yes. That was the first time in ages I'd felt alive and it was all because of you." John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "I suppose this is a bit obvious and redundant at this point but I'm...bi."
"No, she said not to," John replied. "We need to write it down and talk about it with her next time."
His partner’s legs fell open wider, wanting to give John all the access he needed. Wth each pass John took him as deep as he could until finally he was just skirting the point-of-no-return gag reflex.
"Work. Work. Please work." He muttered softly to himself and closed his eyes.
Without warning the hand that had been running fingers through John’s hair gripped the strands and gave a short tug, yanking his head just slightly backward.
"Makes sense. I liked your proposal a lot."
She was holding Rosie in her arms and the little girl mimicked the gesture, putting a small hand on Sherlock's cheek. In a superb act of breaking any tension he pretended to bite at her fingers and she squealed in delight.
"He could." She agreed.
The nightmares that plagued his sleep for those long two years were a special kind of horror. Picking up a ringing phone and just hearing "Goodbye, John. Goodbye, John. Goodbye, John." Over and over and over again. Some nights it's was just the thud. The rough, wet, flat smack of a body connecting with cement.
"No, no that's not necessary." He replied and John tried to push down any twinges of hurt. "I was thinking you need your own account. People should be able to contact us both. I have a feeling you might get a different sort of mail than I."
She saw the look on my face and said;" John, I'm just kidding. He's your bezzie mate. You spend time with him, you work with him. I get it. I just got a bit jealous. No reason to get cross."
"Ok, take it easy. Tell me what you're saying," He said reaching across the table and taking his hand.
"Ok."
If anyone had asked John why they had waited so long, the answer might surprise them.
"Dr. Watson, we're ready for you." The nurse called from the open door.
"I'm...coping ." He propped his head on his fist as he rested his elbow on the dining room table. The wine was making his head feel just this side of swimmy, pleasant enough, coherent, relaxed but not drunk.
"I understand. But it's Father's Day on the 17th and my parents would like to have us back at the house for the weekend."
Whatever.
"That would have been brilliant." He said before dragging his tongue along Sherlock's earlobe. "But don't stop touching yourself. Then what?"
"I'm still adjusting to the idea that I'm going to be lucky enough to spend my pensioner years here with you. It is an amazing gift, Sherlock. Thank you."
John snorted.
"I thought you didn't like 'baby'."
"Yeah, goddamn right. On your feet, I'm taking you home."
"Are we?" John didn't think so but he was willing to play along for his shy friend. "Well, what would you like to know about me?"
"Thank you, Harry." He whispered to her.
"Yes, and don't you go looking him up. ...Sherlock? Aaaand you're looking him up."
"I wouldn't say no reason." He said looking at his mobile.
"You can't possibly know every place."
"Of course. I agree." He said reaching to turn out the lights. "Some flowers?"
"John..." She said as she mimicked his posture, sliding down the wall to be at his side. She raised a hand to place it on his cheek.
Sherlock ran his eyes over John's body and smiled slyly.
I started to wonder when had this all happened and what would happen now that it was out in the open?
John went up the stairs and entered his old room. He always left clothes there even once he and Mary had tied the knot. It only made sense. He figured he'd sometimes need to spend the night at Sherlock's and it wasn't exactly the kind of job where you knew when to pack a bag. He grabbed underwear, a t-shirt and some track pants, hastily dressed and headed back down.
"A lot of people think you should tell me kill myself." He read on, scanning down one page and another and another. "With this level of venom, you'd think they knew me personally." He joked but it fell flat. "Oh, here are a few who are offering to take me out for a drink, isn't that nice? Has it been like this? Since December, I mean."
"What?" He asked.
"You must be exhausted," Sherlock said after a bit.
She broke down in sobs and John felt the tears start to sting his own eyes. He didn't know what to say exactly. The part of him that was still a doctor wanted to ask questions she likely couldn't answer. He wanted to look at his chart to know what had gone wrong.
“Is there something beyond devastated? That would qualify. Logically I knew he wouldn’t take such a drastic step unless he needed to but...but I was so hurt. I mean, maybe I could have helped. Maybe we could have left together, I thought. I loved him. He was the only family I really had left and he just abandoned me. At least that’s how I felt at the time.”
And then he let her go.
"It arises because you were literally behind on everything when I moved into the flat. They were about to shut off the lights, do you remember that? That was remedied by me bringing a bit of order to the chaos."
"I think we can try. We'll see if she stays down." Sherlock replied. "We should get to bed as well."
Funny thing about habits that people fall into. They often forget why they even started them in the first place.
"You romantic, you."
"I just thought if the unsaid was finally said I'd feel so much better about it all."
Hi Sherlock,
"Yes, you have." Sherlock smiled. "And isn't it glorious?"
"John?...John...what.."
Ok...why are you talking about retiring?
"How long has this been going on?"
"Yeah, privilege points for chores and stuff. They explained this to you in the beginning and it's in the handbook."
I was absolutely correct about love and affection. It
"And if you'd like to peruse our wine list. We have a special today, a 1981-"
The handle turned, the figure stepped in on bare feet and shut the door behind him. He walked across the room and John felt the weight shift the mattress as he sat.
He awakened to the sound of Sherlock's voice, angry and hushed.
Were you going to tell me? If it hadn't, somehow been wrapped up in Magnussen and the larger case, would you have told me? Why do I think not? Why do I think you would have protected her? Why do I believe you would have kept her secret?
They reached their crescendo swiftly and together, John breathily calling Sherlock's name, Sherlock replying in kind, his voice cracking with a final, broken, vocal "John..."
Oh God, and those lips, wrapped so tight, wet and hot around his erection, vanishing, then reappearing then vanishing again and it was good almost too good and then he winked, the cheeky bastard winked and John had to shut his eyes. He let his head thunk back against the wall again his hand going to Sherlock's hair, threading his fingers through the curls then finally giving them a tug.
"Yes, he said he did."
Leaning close to his ear he breathed the words.
John returned to focusing on the kissing. The kissing he could handle. Even so, he was aware of the persistent gentle pressure Sherlock was exerting. After not so long it began to feel rather nice. He knew the anus had a high concentration of nerve endings and he was pretty sure Sherlock was hitting each and every one.
"It has been a wearying day.” Sherlock agreed. “Bed sounds nice."
"Of course, sir." She said before heading off.
The hand was helping and so are the little Mmm's of concentration and likely restraint that he was making as he moved further inside of me. Once the head is in, having made it past that almost too tight ring there's a respite and the pain, while not completely dissipating makes way for discomfort.
"We can't come home just yet. But what if every night we promised to call and talk to you and find out about your day. And for bedtime, we'll read you a story."
"Sherlock, look, there are two sets of people in this world that matter to me. People who care about Rosie and want to keep her safe. And people who care about you and want to do the same. He falls into the latter category. He cares about you and he loves you. And for the record, he knew this would likely result in losing you. He would make me live up to my word, you would find out why because you always find out and you would never forgive him. But he had the comfort of knowing you'd be safe."
She reached for his arm and after swabbing it clean rather aggressively drew blood.
Treatment was rather like walking up to my reflection and realizing I was meeting a stranger. But it's a stranger I'm stuck with...forever. So we'd best make the most of it, eh?
She handed him a book and he read the title aloud.
"Did you have sex?"
And then the line went dead.
His uniform had attracted the women like flies and he'd indulged fully in the distraction they provided. Hopping from one pair of knickers to another and drink to drink because he was young and anxious and callow and an orgasm here and a beer there did make the time pass. He was ecstatic when that time was up. He wanted to leave the women behind to forget their faces and their voices and the slimy sort of bloke he became around them. Once it was all over he wanted to crawl out of their beds and out of his skin for good measure. They were lovely and sweet and silly and young. He hated himself not them. So he'd drink to hate himself a little less...or at least until he didn't care.
John chuckled. He always liked when Sherlock began things this way.
"She doesn't get a pass. Every time she chose to pick up a bottle that was her hand, not our father's but...he created a life, an environment that necessitated escape hatches. She used alcohol as a way to escape."
"Sherlock, love..." He said walking up to him and settling a hand on his chest. "you don't belong in a chair. That's my point."
I am so very much looking forward to seeing you soon.
Fifteen minutes later Sherlock was flat on the bed, John between his legs with as much of his cock in his mouth as he could fit.
"Why should we go outside?" John asked a bit perplexed.
"That's because that particular part of it is."
He placed a sign on the front door.
I used to do a lot of things.
"Jesus...Sherlock...for fucks sake!" He paused clutching his chest. This had happened before, or at least he thought it had. It seemed that once "Mary" had left Sherlock would occasionally take his place. He'd see him. or think he saw him, just briefly, just a flash, sometimes just the whip of his coat as he turned a corner. It was disturbing and unnerving and it also made him feel terribly barmy and terribly lonely. How many nights had he spent talking to "Sherlock" only to discover he'd never been there at all. So many ghosts. "You nearly gave me a heart attack!"
Hanah tapped her pen rhythmically and gazed at him, something he'd never seen her do before.
"But you are?" She countered quickly.
"Wait, Sherlock, I don't want to see them yet. I'm not finished talking to you, please." He said raising his head off the pillow and inclining it towards his friend. He hoped they were still friends. He tried to reach for him with his limited mobility but Sherlock made no effort to bridge the distance.
"Oh, well...we haven't decided yet. It's all very new."
There was a general shuffle about me from his colleagues. Like a choir practicing, they seemed to groan nearly in unison about me. They were irritated at the disruption I was causing and that only made me more incensed.
The Location was as silent as one might expect this time of night and he padded softly toward the front desk. He was almost there when something caught his eye. He gazed past the desk towards the main door and the absolute blanket of white.
Sherlock snapped his laptop closed and stared at him.
Again there was that smile of absolute relief.
John turned around surprised and both Sherlock and Rosie were looking at him with fixed stares.
And then he was crying, much to his own surprise. Great, wet tears coursing down his face, over his lips and subsequently over Sherlock's knuckles.
"Sherlock, tell me."
"Obviously I want to share a bed with you. I can't imagine sleeping without you and don't want to." John said wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist and hugging him from behind. "So, that said, so long as we're respectful they won't have a problem, right? I mean, it's not like we'll be messing about in your childhood bedroom."
"Blue, then?"
John held it in his hand for a moment, considering it. He thought back to the day he'd chosen both hers and his with the jeweler's help. The day she'd placed it on his slightly shaky hand at St Mary's. The day it had almost gone down the drain because he'd had it off to do the dishes and she'd accidentally knocked it into the sink and he was so relieved because he didn't have the foggiest idea how to take apart a pipe like they did on telly. The day after the autopsy when it had been returned to him in a container with her other belongings; her necklace, her earrings, that silly little hair clip she always complained about because it would tug and pull but she never just threw the damn thing away and... The day he'd put them back in a box in his dresser because he couldn't bear to look at them but he always needed to know where they were.
"You heard him. You heard him say it. He knows. He knows but he's too afraid to say anything. He turns it over and over in his mind day after day trying to figure out a way in and he can't come up with it and it is driving him mad. And do you know why he's afraid? Because of what Hanah said about not policing you. At first, he wasn't sure. He was giving you the benefit of the doubt but over the past few months, it's become quite clear. What you're doing and how much you're doing. He's terrified of you leaving him. But he is rapidly drawing near the point where he would rather have you hate him and be safe than love him and descend so far into this no one can get you out."
"John?"
"I said breathe, darling." He repeated. "It's alright, it's all, alright, I'm only going to move in and out."
"No, I've imposed enough. I'll take her."
"Sherlock, um, a little help, please." He hated how easily his daughter could send him into a panic but he wasn't too prideful to ask for assistance. "I'm here but I don't know what she wants."
"Just the same." He said and with irritation, John placed it in his hand. "Thank you."
"Hello."
"Hmmm...I thought it might. Best let me take a look at it. Maybe I can make you feel better."
"Yes, on the whole. Yes."
"Yeah, of course."
It was the brightest I'd seen his eyes in a long time. In fact, they only seemed this vibrant when he was in the midst of a case.
He watched him a little closer as he talked, watched his lips form words, watched the skin around his eyes crinkle as he smiled and he did smile quite a bit.
By this time John was no stranger to Sherlock's orgasm but this...this was something new.
John glanced at Sherlock and then away again.
We, you and I, never talked about such things. What to do in the event of fill-in-the-blank.
The man made a small frantic noise in his throat and it was the first bit of relief John had felt since this whole ordeal began. But not just relief, pleasure. He liked that he was afraid. He wanted to make him afraid.
He cleared his throat.
"You have my word, for what that's worth these days."
Sherlock frowned and studied him.
"I'm not a toy, Sherlock. No one can easily pluck me out of your life. I won't be discarded or run off, understand? Not even your mother can do that."
"As I love you."
Staring in the mirror, the incongruity of what he saw distressed him. Because of the weight loss, his clothes fit him oddly, hanging limply off his body. His mustache and beard were scraggly and unkempt, he was pale, or at least paler than normal. He had circles and bags and circles beneath his eyes to spare. On top of that, his hair was too long. Well, at least the hair issues were the one thing he could fix. He hated his reflection. Hated staring at himself for long at all so he didn't.
"You're sorry you were unsuccessful in your attempt to end your life. You're sorry you're still here. You're sorry you now have to face the consequences of your actions. You're sorry you have to bear witness to the pain you've caused m- ...us all. Or would you like to tell me my deductions about you are wrong?"
"That's a quote. I know that, what's that from? Finish it...how...how does it end?"
Ye gods, but death made everything seem so fucking trivial. He knew as much about her past as he'd wanted. All that mattered now was that Mary was gone. His Mary. Mary, the first person that had captured his attention since Sherlock's "death". Mary, the one he'd casually asked the clinic secretary about just to figure out if she was seeing anyone before he expressed interest. Mary, who he kissed in the snow. Mary who he'd pledged fidelity to and...
"I know that. Don't I know that? Who said that?"
"No, it's um...I'm still...I think it'll probably come back soon. For now can you show me how you touch yourself, Sherlock? Show me how you like to be touched."
"That you had awakened a part of me I thought either dormant or dead. That you had brought an indescribable joy to my life and if I could no longer be with you then I should welcome death within six months or less."
Sherlock was rubbish at the game tonight and his playful frustration was entertaining.
"You're right! One night surely can't hurt." Sherlock said as he hurried out of bed and lifted Rosie and Bumbly from her cot. He brought her back and placed her on the mattress between the two of them.
"Solved by what?" He paused. "You think that was a come on? I was offering a massage."
“Cedars.” John said quickly.
"You know,
"Sex?" His mate said and the sheer distress had made his voice rise a bit higher than normal.
"Do you just want the pleasure of saying no?" John replied before adding. "Though I guess that's your right after all this time."
"Nothing helps me sleep at night. But please enlighten me."
This was just a backup.
One finger, then two, then three. Sherlock's legs falling open wider, his hips making slow circles on the bed as he begged shamelessly for more. If he'd been able to manage the angle John would have gladly wrapped a palm around his fiance's cock but Sherlock was handling that himself, stroking his erection with each thrust.
"Do you...do you want me to hold him?" he asked her.
"No, I don't believe I could."
"Sherlock enough." he rasped more harshly than he intended but he needed him to stop. "I am one day out of rehab. One. I can't care for a toddler. I'm a stranger. I bribed her with a toy bee that you were smart enough to buy. That's not Daddy. That's a friendly distant stranger she'd never even miss."
"Really?"
John returned to his room.
"Yeah..yeah, so I did." John said. He wanted to smile but he was having difficulty reading his mate's face.
It was so pleasant to still be inside him but reluctantly Sherlock pulled out with a groan that John matched.
"Well, good, I didn't know if he'd keep you waiting like he did with Duck."
"I love you, Mike, but I'd rather it was a stranger as well. Never much gone in for a touch that personal coming from a friend."
And there it was. Not with a bang but a whimper. All that pressure and tension, all that energy and fear that he had felt barrelling toward him vanished.
"Are you actually checking your phone whilst I'm groping your arse?" Sherlock demanded. "I've half a mind to buck you off."
Sherlock blinked at the sudden light in his eyes and once he'd adjusted he gazed at him curiously.
"You don't know that."
"Alright, John." He nodded. "Do as they ask, get better and come home to me." He replied.
See you again soon.
John cleared his throat and closed his eyes too. It only seemed right.
Without saying a word he sidestepped to pass her and started a brisk pace. He didn't look back and she didn't follow him.
"Eurus. I looked up that name. It seems it always has a negative connotation in literature."
"We never did make it to dinner," Sherlock remarked on the plane ride home.
Sometimes it was John spooning Sherlock, body pressed softly but firmly against his. He never slept better than when his nose was filled with his partner's scent, the pheromones just at his hairline, his shampoo, his sweat, his soap. Many a night he just buried his against the nape of his neck and drifted off. Sherlock's body molded to his, one hand resting over the man’s heart, sometimes above his shirt, sometimes beneath but always needing to feel the pulse beneath his hand. Covers slung low, Sherlock's arse, and what an arse it was as John had come to know first hand, pressed firmly against John's groin, legs entwined, breathing in rhythm.
"So what about now? Where does this leave you and I?"
"Let's talk about it. I've got a few questions first. Can you get an erection at all?" He asked pen raised over a pad of paper ready to record his answer.
Sherlock had paused and pressed his lips together tightly.
Oddly, or perhaps not so oddly, John's first instinct was to deny its existence.
"But you're right this place...this place is a benevolent meat grinder. All of you just gets eviscerated and masticated and packed back together into some sort of meat patty. You get your certificate and you get called human again, but what are you? What are we going to be when this is over. What if by dredging the bottom of who we are, we come out worse?"
The quote John mentions is from the guy who wrote "Fight Club", Chuck Palahniuk, and the book is called "Survivor".
I asked him if he's spoken to Hanah since I got in here and he said yes.
"Every time."
So he did. He considered the trajectory and everything within him, save his fear, was telling him it was the right time.
"Different isn't bad."
The rest of the day was almost guaranteed to have a manic pace but for now, as Sherlock showered John leisurely started on breakfast. Mrs. Hudson had come round for a visit and as he beat a few eggs in a bowl they chatted about their upcoming day.
I can’t thank you enough, Sarah! :D :D
John thought about it for a moment.
"There's a disturbance under my window. I can't seem to focus." He said.
of which my brother has grown so fond. The web of human interaction. Not simply because I cannot bear the majority of people infesting this planet but because of how it all ends. You, your wife, Moriarty, Eurus, Sherlock. What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear?
The meeting drew to a close, Reggie dismissed them and John said a few goodbyes. After all, this was it. No more meetings here. No more gourmet meals, no more invitations to hikes or horseriding, no more lavatory duty. He shook a hand or two, offered hugs and words of encouragement and received the same in return. He got more than a few kind well wishes from Reggie who was as earnest and positive as ever. All the while Sherlock waited patiently in the back of the room.
I don’t know what you did to me. I suppose that one of the things my therapist is going to tell me. I think I escaped largely unscathed. But I don’t know that I really want to know. I don’t want to learn what awful seeds have been sown into me. And even if I could handle what your nature has wrought, I don’t want to know what your “nurturing” has done.
He'd been texting with Sherlock every night, rapid fire, comforting, relaxing, peaceful, teasing. They talked about John's day and how things were progressing in his therapy. They talked about cases he was on and yes, that was
"Yes, I'm angry, it was a goddamn betrayal. I gave everything I had to the service and they didn't enjoy my enthusiasm for it. That was a reason to discard me? I petitioned, I stated my case, I filled out all the paperwork, I came very close to begging, I even got Duck involved...but hell, for all I know it was on his recommendation. Maybe he called himself looking out for me or some other such nonsense."
"Does she make you uncomfortable? And I already knew about Sholto, for the record."
"Are you ever intending to get up?"
Sherlock took a deep breath and pressed into him again.
"I hadn't planned on staying anywhere else."
"Nice day for it."
"John?" Sherlock said breathlessly pulling back for just a second.
"It was rude to you as well. Sorry." He said quietly as they were climbing the stairs.
He'd expected a fight but the nurse simply nodded and handed him a cordless phone.
"That weren't you, that was Dad." She replied like he was spinning the most outrageous tale.
John nodded and sighed. He was sure Sherlock would be game but was reluctant to turn their intimacy into something that could be so detached.
"You were going to."
"You think it was a bad idea." He said and it wasn't a question or a challenge, just a statement.
“How fast would you say you make that decision?”
He needed a distraction because everything around him was trying to pull his mind back toward the dark thoughts and the dark ideas of what might be crumbling around him. Everything wanted to pull him back kicking and screaming to that massive prison of weeds and bark.
John decided not to dignify that with an answer.
"Ok."
"I haven't heard from Sherlock." He said quickly. "He hasn't texted. I have to imagine given that it's been nearly a week he's received it by now."
"Something tells me you don't want to eat right now." Sherlock said before resuming the kiss.
"I'm very sorry to hear that."
"No, still not working yet but I have...hope. Maybe we could go back to sensate after awhile. I liked that and I think you did too."
"It's been a difficult year. I wasn't sure about lasting effects. I...I know I was in the news, you may or may not have seen."
"Thank you."
"I'm not sure what that has to do with what we just did or what we may do in the future."
Then he slipped it off.
Dear Mrs. Hudson,
"I know and it's not as if I think I can manage it all. I'm not going to be able to clear a path down the mountain or anything." He smiled. "Just maybe make it so you can open the front doors come morning if need be."
In his haste, John had neglected to notice Sherlock had added a hashtag of his own to his initial tweet.
He remembered.
"Loud as you want, John. No one for miles...ohhhh...ohh...let me hear you. Please."
"That assignment was for you. I won't be reading it."
"John, would you say that you're present?"
"I'm sorry, I thought this room was empty. It's on my sheet the occupant was checking out today." The nurse said glancing down at her paperwork.
Watching Sherlock enjoy things was somehow even better than enjoying them himself.
. The Garnet Herzog in
He didn’t know what he’d been expecting. Maybe to be scolded which he felt he deserved for his rudeness. But that didn’t seem as though it was forthcoming.
"Stop being such a child, Sherlock." His mother shushed. "These are all very thoughtful of the both of you."
He nodded and made to stand up, both eager and hesitant to leave.
Sherlock called every night. Every single night. It always went the same. John feigned annoyance that was half real and half performative. And then once those preliminaries were over they just talked.
"Mind if I take a shower?" He asked against Sherlock's lips.
"University is expensive."
"Wait, that's the one with David Bowie's wife!" He exclaimed as he started to remember.
"Alright, because you said please."
They both sat like that on the bed, John unwilling to give even an inch. He wasn't going to start this conversation. He wasn't going to let Sherlock in or give him an opening. If he had something to say he could say it. If he didn't, well he could march the fuck out.
Where would that lead for a Sherlock who wasn't even a fourth as grown up as the one here?
He wanted to exhaust himself. He wanted to flare and flicker and burn out.
Oh God but this was perfect. It was everything John had ever wanted to hear ad more. So much more. In fact, he was quite convinced that he could listen to Sherlock talk about his fantasy life for hours.
She then went off into a wave of tears and unintelligible speech and he felt the guilt swell in him again.
"I wasn't going to ask you to forgive him, John. If that's something you want to explore during our time here, I'd be happy to go down that road. But I think there are more important factors we need to address first. The truth is your father has physically been out of your life for over two decades. As formative as your time with him was, and we will be addressing that, mending your actual relationship with him is not essential to your recovery. Understanding how he factors into your life now, is. Ok?"
"Can I make you a cuppa? Would you like to talk?"
The bullet wound.
Hi Sherlock,
I watched as his jaw shifted. He'd liked the kiss but I'd damaged his pride. Good.
That afternoon Reggie began the meeting as he always did.
He and Eric ended up exiting together.
The horror at that thought propelled John out of bed. He pulled on his pajama bottoms and hurried out of his room as fast as his limp would allow, making beeline to Sherlock's door.
Sherlock was still insisting on keeping the actual plans for the honeymoon a surprise which suited John just fine.
"I mentioned we'd circle back around it this and I think now is the time. I'm going to state quite plainly that I think you're deteriorating, John. I think you're actively using something, likely a opioid of some sort. For some people, it makes them sleepy but it's having a stimulant effect on you. That can happen, everyone is different. So what is it? Oxycontin? Percocet? Percodan? Vicodin? Demerol? You can't get through one session with me without scratching furiously and demonstrate the obvious signs of acute urticaria. You've lost weight, you're not sleeping, you're agitated and anxious and short tempered. You need to be back in treatment immediately and you need to be downing something that can actually help you."
Hanah turned to him and where he thought he might see surprise on her features there was none.
That was what he was rewarded with as he ran his thumb just over the tip.
"I'm fine with eggs. Please, what sort of data?"
"You."
Perhaps this was the way things were supposed to be.
"Sherlock, go have a shower while I strip the bed."
“You read more than just what I assigned you?”
He nodded.
"What happened with Mary? Oh, do you mean when she was murdered? Do you mean when you stood there and let a mad old bitch aim a gun at Sherlock and then shoot Mary in the chest without doing anything about it? Everyone always talks about "what happened" well, let me tell you what happened.
"I would, but I promised Hanah I'd have at least one meal a day in the public area. It's part of my therapy."
I put us both through the trials, I put us through the labours of Hercules and we came out the other side battered and bruised but together. I wanted to stay together with her. I have never taken what she did lightly and it wasn't over, I wasn't...
Next, he moved to his shoulders, attacking the tense, myofascial trigger points. The first moan came when he moved from his trapezius to his deltoid. It was soft, and mostly captured by the pillow but John still felt the slight vibration through the bed and his fingertips.
John recalled handing these forms out to new arrivals at the clinic. Or rather Mary handed them out and once the patients were in the room with him he gave them the once over. They were actually a lot longer when you filled them out as opposed to double checking the patient's concerns. But he'd been as honest as possible. Acknowledging his issues and being as thorough as needed.
Sorry, friends. But Sherlock and I are likely to keep this small and very private.
"I know that. I trust you. So you trust me and trust yourself."
"Because I was terrified. And I can't even tell you why. I can't even give it a name. I just know I would wake up frightened out of my mind and I'd go to the drawer where I kept it and I'd sit up and hold it sometimes until the sun came up. I wanted the sun to come up but I hated seeing it rise. I hated being awake to see it rise because it was just another failure."
I am sorry for the times I took advantage of your kindness and your forgiveness. I'm sorry for how selfish I've been.
John had no one but himself to blame.
"It's alright, John. He knew and he understood. I'm sorry, I've kept you so long just weeping on the phone. The last thing you need is some mad woman talking your ear off." She laughed sadly. It sounded wet and thick.
"I'm here out of respect for Mary. I may not have known her very well but I know she loved you. I'm here out of concern and care for that little girl that you abandoned. I'm here because even though you and I have never been close friends, I care whether you live or die."
"I believe so." Sherlock said with a frown. "You and I." He cleared his throat. "In bed together."
"A good massage is all about increasing blood flow to a neglected area. I know it's tender but just let me work..."
"Thank you." He said and took Sherlock by the hand.
Plus, what more
"No?" Sherlock asked with a twinkle in his eye. "It's just that you seem to know it by rote."
"Hi, my name is John and I'm an alcoholic."
"A habit? Y-you intend on having her over more often for more overnights?" Sherlock asked unable to keep the hopeful tone from his voice.
"I was able to move some things around and get here anyway." Harry said answering the question John had only actually started to pose quietly to Sherlock. She quickly put the items she was carrying down and hurried over to him wrapping him in an embrace. "Johnny, it is so good to see you. You look amazing. "
there. Sitting at their,
John raised up a little and tugged down his trousers exposing a bit of his arse. Reaching backwards he gingerly motioned to the general area. Sherlock raised his t-shirt for a better view.
"Thank you. I just want to know about Duck. From my point of view he came in one day, whisked you away and I never saw you again. I lost my brother."
The glint of his wedding band had caught the sun and now he stood before his reflection just staring. Blindly he reached for the soap again, purposefully getting the suds on the ring finger of his right hand.
"It seems to me that if there were things in your mind dark enough that if you couldn't take them back they'd be so damning all is lost anyway."
"Sherlock, it's me."
change, initially, was kissing, as in, it was something they did now.
opinion. Anyone else's results may vary. Fucking. Now, fucking can be great fun. Energetic, spontaneous, quick and dirty, bed shaking, funny, meaningless, meaningful. It depends on the situation and on the people involved. Not something I want a steady diet of, though, I like variety. But what I asked you about was making love. Deep slow kisses, preferably face to face, eyes locked, caresses, foreplay, slow penetration, lazy strokes...you called me a romantic in your best man speech and I suppose I am. Though I consider myself quite skilled at fucking and scoring high marks in sex, I enjoy making love best of all."
"I see." He said and looked thoughtful. "Thank you."
"That's...a pretty dire warning." John said with a doubtful look.
"Ready?" Sherlock mouthed against his lips.
It was a very Sherlock sentence but he'd said it in such an agonized and breathy rush. John knew that feeling and knew he was barely holding on and that sort of raw desire made him want to continue.
The timer sounded again and the 15 minutes were up. They were done for the night and Sherlock made his way back up the bed and they shared a kiss.
"Yes, you and I. I'm hoping Mycroft declines."
Sherlock strode over to the window and John watched with amusement as he threw open the curtain.
"Behind the-"
"Then what's the point?"
Come home, John. Lots to discuss.
Wait, I can actually, still quite furious.
Leaning closer Sherlock initiated a kiss in which John happily lost himself. Just as it deepened. Just as it seemed things were ready to get started. Just as John was about to take his mates hand and just maybe place it on his cock...Sherlock pulled back.
John wished he could have found the words to tell him to stay.
but negative attention. They started to receive hate mail, threatening calls. Most of these eventually died down except for one. I investigated and found that it was Victor Trevors older sister, Perry. She initially denied it but when I went to see her she confessed. She was furious, heartbroken, as anyone understandably would be. She thought I was a solicitor at first until I introduced myself. Then she said she remembered me a little. She remembered me dashing by, usually running after her brother, always playing pirates."
John cleared his throat and reached for the container she was pointing to, getting it down and setting it next to the other items.
Seething. Seething and full of so much rage I can't even think straight. When she tries to speak I either ignore her or stare at her until she stops talking.
I was offended at the time. You had a way of offending me in those early days. But I think I'm going to take advantage of that. Especially now.
John inhaled and thought about it.
"Yeah, but it's likely it's..." He looked at his phone. "Yep. It's Hanah. She texted."
"No, John, I think
Be sure to right click (and open it in a new window) on the link for a sample of what I imagine it sounds like when Sherlock plays the violin. Oh, and "Inspector Sands" is a code phrase used by public transport authorities in the UK. It's a clandestine way to let staff and police know of an emergency like a fire without shouting "Oh my God, there's a fire in the train station!" and creating a panic.
His voice sounded smooth, practiced...perhaps too practiced. Like he'd wondered if he would or could say this. Like he'd gone over it in his mind so he'd get it just so.
"You don't happen to have a mysterious sister named Anthea, do you?" He joked as he stepped inside.
Or, will it be the angry, hurt man who left my hospital room and instead sent his brother to tend to me?
The past week had seen him go to bed exhausted. Not the emotional exhaustion from before but the physical kind, the good kind. The tight, sore-muscled and utterly spent. The case was a good one, all encompassing, thrilling and a little dangerous.
"Quiet, Sherlock," he said softly before kissing him. "I'm going to come. I'm just going to do it inside you. As soon as you're ready."
"How did you rationalize this?"
"It's the only one that actually kinda looks like what it's meant to look like. I mean, you look in a book and it'll say; The ancients believed this grouping of stars clearly depicted a bear riding a lorry through a garden while shooting a bow and arrow. Orion is the only one that makes sense."
"But, continuing on, in a perfect world you'll be raising a child together."
And if and when he did tell him, to what end? What exactly had they agreed to be when they began this...platonic kissing.
"How so?"
She reached across and handed him the book with he took with much of a reaction.
But they both did remember it.
It was the first time John had been welcomed before the meeting even started and it felt...nice. He thanked Eric for his kindness and that was that. The man didn't press him for more information, he didn't ask him to provide more than he was willing he simply made his offer and retreated, giving him the space John so keenly wanted.
He nodded again.
"You look so healthy too. So tall and strong and handsome. You've even got a bit of colour. Why if I didn't know better-"
So, this is the very last "Hi Sherlock", message from me. I've leaned on this crutch for too long.
"No...no you're home. You see, we're home."
"I kept my distance. Purposefully. Once bitten and all. I had a steady girlfriend for about 3 years. We talked about marriage every now and then but we were young and it was mostly talk. In the end we wanted different things."
That was that.
How did you feel?
9:15 AM
Sherlock immediately starts off with some deductions about the author, and John listens carefully as they walk around the shop. They end up buying a few more books, paying just in time for the movie to start. They’re both surprised by the lack of proper cinema seating, the room filled with old sofas and chairs only. Sherlock chooses a sofa for the both of them, sitting down after John and all but wrapping himself around him. If John had been surprised with Sherlock’s offer to watch a movie in the first place, he understands now. He kisses Sherlock’s temple softly as the room goes dark. The movie ends with John half falling asleep, way too comfortable on the sofa with Sherlock feeling so very warm against him. It’s only when the credits start, the music suddenly louder, that he wakes up fully. Sherlock is already stretching out, revealing just a patch of his hip bone and, yes, John is very much awake now.
Just as he closes the door, he hears the one downstairs opening. Hurrying to the front door, Sherlock waits until he’s certain John is on the other side before opening it.
He gets out of bed quickly, Sherlock cursing behind him. He doesn’t have the time to step into the bathtub before Sherlock is there with him. They end up only washing each other, even though Sherlock clearly has some other intentions. John is the first to get out, going to pick up some clothes before heading back to the bathroom only to find it empty.
Nevermind. SH
“I’m not going to hurt you,” John mutters quietly, casting his eyes towards the table between them.
This whole business was rather dreadful, John, and a waste of time. SH
Standing at the entry of the doorway, Sherlock waits and fidgets while John wraps his blue scarf around his neck for him, rolling his eyes. He normally likes it when John does up his scarf for him but today, he’s in a hurry and feeling restless. He just wants to get going already. It’s like waiting for the rest of his life to fully begin.
"Love?" he whispers, opening the door slowly, and the sight before him makes his entire body shiver.
I’m sorry. SH
. It’s almost as though we took the best parts of ourselves and fused them together into something even better. I know I must sound like the romantic fool you always accuse me of being, but I truly believe that we’re so... brilliant together.”
They end up kissing a lot more right there, wrapping paper getting in the way and making them both laugh like the happy idiots we are, John says directly against Sherlock’s lips. As expected, they are forced to shower and get ready really fast, being late for lunch already. Still, they manage to get inside the car thirty-seven minutes later than planned.
“But you loved her.”
“Careful not the break the — Oh”
And yet, visiting the park doesn’t seem to improve any of it. As much as Sherlock seems to enjoy each activity, he’s always walking two steps ahead of John and moving away as soon as they’re standing too close. Still, John pushes in. There isn’t a chance their relationship is going to crumble only by them trying to be together. He knew - always imagined - that building something so intimate with Sherlock would require work, and he is more than prepared for it. He can’t let himself think they’ve already destroyed what little foundation they’ve built in the last two days.
You’re exactly what I need. SH
“I want to get you a ring,” he says.
“With Mrs Hudson,” John smiles. “When she heard we were… doing this, she insisted. I figured it might be nice to give us some time alone.”
And that’s what made you so worried that you turned to alcohol. You of all people.
And god, Sherlock, maybe I shouldn’t say so, maybe it’s not my place, but I want to know about all your scars. The ones marking your skin and the ones that still today remain invisible. I want to know about those two years, I want to know where you stayed, where you slept, where you ate, the people you met and ones you chased. I want to know what went through your head on quiet nights, but also on the days when you doubted you’d ever come back home. I want to know everything, the same way I want to be able to earn knowing all of it.
John waits a couple of seconds before nodding and turning around to make his way upstairs.
“Thank you,” John replies, accepting another hug gladly. “We brought wine for the meal.”
It doesn’t mean that everything will be alright all the time. We’re going to fight, Sherlock. We’re going to fight because I’m going to be angry sometimes and say things I’ll regret. We’re going to fight because that’s what couples do, and it’s going to be scary. You might think I’m not going to come back. I might think you’re going to realise just how boring relationships can become with time (I don’t think we can ever be boring, you and me. But what if, Sherlock? What if? I’m afraid of that what if). But the most important thing is that we don’t become each other’s only company. We can’t let ourselves drowned into this relationship. We need to have friends, we need to have people we can complain to, people we can ask for advice and talk about the things we’re not ready to tell the other yet. We can’t just rely on each other, or it’s going to ruin us.
“Hmmm.”
“Thank you,” he says, looking down at his plate.
“Sherlock, I get it. There were moments when all I wanted was to leave this flat, too. I think most people in the world right now can’t stand their own home. It is not a feeling to be embarrassed about.”
“No worries.” Mike remains silent for a moment. “So, how’s Sherlock?”
“Sorry.”
chair. How about that?”
“Agreed. Tomorrow,” Sherlock mutters. “We’ll see,” he amends.
“John. Did they just kill the mother in a kid’s movie.”
It’s only the sound of footsteps climbing down the stairs that brings John back to reality and he watches without a word as Sherlock comes inside the room. They stare at each other for a long moment, Sherlock’s eyes shining with something so very sad, something that makes John’s heart sink and his entire body ache. He wants to reach for him, to tell him he can’t go, he can’t leave him, can’t do this, but not a sound comes out. Sherlock breaks contact, bending down to get his towel before heading out to the bathroom. John closes his eyes, waiting for the water to start running before allowing himself to fall apart. Just for a second he lets reality crash over him.
They enter the supermarket through the little back door, the only one that can close when opened. The automatic glass doors in the front haven’t been unlocked in months, a hastily printed sign reading
Now was the perfect time to finally unpack and truly move back in. Starting with his books, CDs and DVDs, John slowly brings back small parts of himself into their living room. He puts down his computer on the table last, facing Sherlock’s, and smiles to himself. It might be a small detail, but those two computers on this very same table had once been the centre of his everyday life. A statement now true once again. Checking the time, he decides it well past sleeping time. Also, he’s definitely in need of some kissing action. Picking up the boxes full of clothing, he heads back to the bedroom.
John turns to look at him. “You don’t have apologize, love.”
“I’ll come by if necessary, but I’m sure it’s great. Thank you again.”
“Let’s go to bed,” John says suggestively, taking Sherlock by the hand and leading him upstairs.
Why are you asking me about Ted at 2 in the morning?
“Yeah, well, I shouldn’t be,” John sighs. “What’s the question?”
John is the first to break the bubble. “How long?”
John fails miserably, coughing even more when he tries to reply. He can feel himself going red with the lack of air. Sherlock pulls him towards him, taking both of his hands and placing them on his chest. John can only stare, and stare some more.
“I think I know what you mean,” John says, joining his hand with Sherlock’s.
Sherlock is looking at him, frowning, “Is everything alright?”
“Ok, Watson,” he murmurs. “Into battle.”
I realise now, thanks to Julian and the evenings we’ve spent trying to understand what’s happening inside my head, that there is nothing I can do about any of it anymore. That what belongs in the past can’t be fixed, and that I can only go forwards now. That I can learn to control this rage inside me and find ways to let it out. It’s only been a few weeks, and I already feel as if this mix of anger, guilt and self-hatred is starting to slowly melt into something more accepting. I’m not saying I’m better, because there is still so much work to do, but I’m saying that I’m getting there. That I’m taking another step towards you, towards us, each day.
“No. I have a question…”
John lets the exhaustion of the day fade away with each minute that ticks by. He can’t remember the first time he had dreamed about sharing a moment like this one with Sherlock, but it feels like a lifetime ago now. Back when he had been too afraid, too much of a coward to at least try to tell this brilliant man just how in love with him he was. Back when he had let the world bring them apart piece by piece.
They fall silent. Sherlock wants to kiss him, take him in his arms and remind him that they have all the time in the world now. That he’ll never leave him this way ever again. And so he promises to himself that he’ll kiss all that anger away when it comes, each and every time, as long as it takes for John to truly forgive him.
“That girl earlier - ” John starts, mouth downturned and brows tightening together.
John settles between them, Sherlock’s now obvious erection pressing against his own hardening cock. They kiss lazily for a long moment, hands travelling from chest to back to arse until it is almost too hot to breathe under the duvet. John pulls away, already panting, to stare down at Sherlock.
And a break won’t change any of it, love.
I can’t stop thinking about your nightmare. It says so much and yet so little at the same time. As I write this letter, I’m thinking it makes perfect sense. I don’t come to save you, Sherlock, and it speaks volumes about what you think of our relationship now. I understand. I truly do. How could you ever trust me after what I did? Even your subconscious knows you can’t. Maybe, like you said yourself, it’s trying to tell you what you can’t bring yourself to accept. I have to say, it was a relief to read your letter and see that you’re starting to see just how wrong what I did to you is. I don’t think either of us can move on from this point - right here - if we don’t try to fight our own struggles first.
“Talk later,” he says quietly, defeatedly and leaves.
She welcomes the news with more bright bambling but John’s mind is already elsewhere. Now that he knows for a fact, without a single doubt, really, that he is going to spend the rest of his life with Sherlock, maybe they need to have a talk about Rosie’s upbringing. Sherlock is going to be her parent too. Even if they haven’t properly talked about it, he knows Sherlock is mad about Rosie, the experiment he’s writing up right now being proof enough.
John Watson
John laughs, pressing his side against Sherlock’s before reaching for his box of food, “God, I’m hungry!”
“So, John, Sherlock told us you were moving back in.”
as an adornment or a curse but, either way, it’s the one they chose, time and again.
John pecks him once more before taking him by the hand again and leading them back out onto the bustling pavement.
“Sherlock?” He calls, already craving lips and hands. “I’m home!”
“A couple of weeks? This is ridiculous, I don’t care if you’re sick, even less so if I am,” Sherlock says.
“I thought we could eat together,” Sherlock replies.
“God, I want to. I do. It’s just. It’s complicated.”
He stops, a hand coming to cover his stomach as it rumbles for long seconds.
He needs to be rational, clear, in control.
Sherlock breaks the kiss first, leaning his forehead against John’s and whispering, “John,” in a way so full of pain that it makes John’s heart compress.
John pulls off and leans on an elbow over Sherlock, tucking one of his long curls behind his ear. “What do you want?” he asks gently.
NEED to see you, actually. SH
Sherlock remains silent for a long minute, eyes going from the couple to John and back.
“God. The thought of actually opening all these boxes up and packing everything away is just. Can we just never deal with doing that?” John says, leaning against the couch and closing his eyes while he massages his fingertips into his neck.
Sherlock holds him tighter, kisses him harder and says, “Then we give ourselves time to think about it.”
Sherlock brushes their lips together slowly, “You’ve just come back.”
“Now, what about you snuggle next to me and close your eyes.”
They come to a halt, John sitting down on the sand, facing the ocean. It only takes a second for Sherlock to sit next to him, the same aching distance between them.
When John eventually lowers himself into Sherlock and Sherlock yanks him down for another kiss, Sherlock’s little covered patch fits over John’s tattoo and John lifts himself off slightly with a knowing grin.
“Thank you, love,” he whispers and with one last kiss, Sherlock lets him go.
I was-
Sherlock looks back up at him, eyes wide open and cheeks red. John feels himself grow harder at the sight. Sherlock continues to stroke him, not taking his eyes off John’s. They are both breathing heavily now, John getting close and closer with each new stroke.
Sherlock met John’s eyes, determination in them. “Yes. I think I know.”
Sherlock nods as he pushes the front door open, the smell of old books and furniture making John smile. How he loves places like this. Sherlock had insisted this morning they come here, saying they could watch a movie afterwards, and John had been more than happy to agree. And he isn’t regretting it. Sherlock is already walking towards the large bookshelves in the back but John takes his time, looking at the different objects on display. He stops in what looks to be the medical section, picking up an old set of scalpels to examine them more closely.
Sherlock is a little bit surprised at the broken longstanding silence and the intensity of the declaration. “I love you too,” he replies softly, tracing lazy circles onto John’s chest with the tip of his index finger. “More than you’ll ever know.”
“You’re so beautiful,” John whispers, lips now attached to Sherlock’s neck. “So beautiful.”
“Is everything alright?”
John holds him tighter, feeling his heart sink as he realises what must have gone through Sherlock’s head for the past three hours. “Love, it has nothing to do with you, I promise.”
Sherlock turns to look at him. “I didn’t fall for him.”
. That explains the dash and dot, but it doesn’t explain -
“You too,” John replies absently, lowering his phone slowly as he hangs up.
“Sherlock,” John began with a quizzical smile. “I find it difficult to believe that a genius such as yourself would fail to deduce that you more than measure up. That things between us are so
Oops! Now would be a good time to come to the loos, John!
“Aye aye Captain. Five minutes.”
And so they remain there, standing a feet apart, John’s hands in Sherlock’s hair. Nothing has felt so right in a very long time.
At that point, John stands up from the table with his plate and almost throws it into the sink. The resulting clash makes Sherlock jump. John stands with his back to Sherlock, facing the sink. He leans on the counter slowly, breathing out steadily. Sherlock knows this particular John. Not well, but well enough to know that he shouldn’t push him any further. Not right now, at least.
I do wonder what it would be like to stop being me.
“I told him so,” Sherlock says, a complicit smile on his lips.
I’m looking forward to silent and comfortable summer night by the window,
John kisses him, lingering there a bit longer, “Thank you.”
have to go through with it. Like, we could turn around right now and go back home and put on the kettle and get on with our lives and I wouldn’t care at all. I’d never hold you to it.”
“Come
. Even Rosie has gone quiet, sensing the shift in the room.
Sherlock hums his reply, still not looking back at him. John suppresses a sigh.
This. This is the simple reason why John has to go. His family, the one he needs to take care of and provide for. He can’t simply stay at home, even if he goes with Sherlock to crime scenes and chases criminals all over London, it doesn’t change the fact that John doesn’t bring any money home. Oh, he knows they’re not in trouble, and that Sherlock can easily take care of the three of them, but that isn’t…
I miss and love you,
I haven’t told you how many times I came close to telling you I love you. It feels as if the words were always stuck in my throat, ready to come out at the first occasion. And they almost did, so many times. Some days I told myself I could do this forever, if it meant keeping you by my side. I could, after all, live a lie, even this huge, breathtaking one. You were there and so was I, orbiting around you.
before. We’re much more than anything I’ve ever had or thought I could have. I didn’t know there was more
“Merry Christmas, John.”
“John?”
“Last night was brilliant,” John says, meaning it with all his heart. “I love you.”
“I’m not trying to manipulate you, I’m merely saying-”
“Good morning.”
Three months, four days, sixteen hours and twenty minutes and he’s going to see John again.
each other.
John nods, breathing out loudly and peering st Sherlock in the doorway. “Yes, yes. Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
. Just two people who used to share most of everything, only to have close to nothing in common anymore. And at the center of it all, his own inability to communicate without messing it all up. And even now, sitting here, barely able to look Sherlock in the eyes, he can’t find the words to tell him how badly he’d wish to come back, to fill that space in Sherlock’s life again and stay there for the long term.
At least that’s how I feel. SH
“That sounds like the kind of place you’d enjoy for sure.”
“So you see,” Mark is saying, leaning even closer - if possible. “Right there, this has to mean something, it keeps coming back.”
John opens his eyes again, glancing up at Sherlock’s profile.
Sherlock purses his lips, turning forwards, eyes fixed on the wall ahead.
There is a single, overturned lamp on in the reception area, lighting the debris around what used to be a pleasant waiting station. The carpets have no colour anymore, and neither does the furniture, each bit of fabric looking like a continuation of the last. The deep green of the round lobby sofa has lost not only its emerald intensity, its entire hue is off, too. The chandeliers that once sparkled with their own light are now dull, not even flickers to reflect off of the filthy crystal. The piano, left open as though it would ever be played again, is, even amidst all the decomposition, still the saddest thing in the room. Its perpetually vacant stool - as evidenced from the undisturbed dirt settled over the top - and wilting sheet music are the only thing distracting them from the keys that are now unitonal. With a pang, John is reminded of Sherlock’s violin, abandoned upright in its dusty case in a corner of the sitting room at Baker Street. He wonders distractedly whether he will ever get to hear its notes being teased from its strings again.
“That’s the real reason, you know,” Sherlock says, avoiding John’s stare. “I jumped because I was in love with you and the only thing that mattered was saving you.” He inhales deeply, forcing himself to look back at John. “But if I had known the nature of your feelings, if I had even suspected that you might have felt the same, I honestly think I would have found a way to take you with me.”
, John wants to say but murmurs instead, “Is that really what you want?”
, he mentally writes down on a post it in John’s room.
Sherlock presses them harder, rocks back faster and goes entirely still as he comes between their stomachs.
John Watson
Ah. Smoking, not burning. Inhaling, not combusting. He huffs out a sigh of relief and joins Sherlock on the bottom step.
“But in the meantime,” John says, walking back towards him, “we’ll have to respect social distancing.”
“John?” Sherlock calls suddenly, sounding all too panicked, and John hurries to make his presence known right away.
“How much contact have you had with her?”
Sherlock looks sharply to John. He hadn’t been expecting those words at all. That conversation - ages ago yet so recent - feels like it belongs to another them in another time. “John,” he says soothingly, running his free hand up and down John’s arm that’s linked through his. “John, never doubt what we are. I’m doing this today so that neither of us ever has to again.”
“I think I’m learning just how much,” John whispers, eyes welling up.
Sherlock rolls them over in a fluid motion, pulling John down on top of him without breaking their kiss.
They arrive just in time to meet the client as he’s walking out the huge front doors.
Your - hopeful - friend
I can’t wait to finally be able to touch you and kiss you and tell you how much I love you.
Sherlock nods, searching for the words he’s been playing on a loop all day inside his head.
“But still,” Sherlock finishes for him.
Sherlock is all but beaming now.
“Fine, I just…” Sherlock closes his eyes, huffing out and willing himself to pull himself together.
“I’ll pick you up tomorrow then? Seven o’clock?” John says, eyes hooding, and Sherlock knows exactly where his thoughts are going to, because his are going there too.
“Would you have really?” There is now a deep frown around his eyes, painful, and John wonders if a touch of lips could make it go away. “Even after all I said or did that night, after all the things people warned you about?”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock asks, his feet sliding up John’s leg.
They stare at each other for long seconds, John finding he can’t move anymore. He wants to kiss him again, to peel all of Sherlock’s clothes off of him and discover all of him once more. Sherlock must be able to read his every thought, and he takes a step back, reaching for Rosie and clearing his throat, “I’ll take her down to Mrs Hudson.”
Sherlock smiles against his neck, “Fine by me.”
I might be sliightly inebriated, yes. SH
Give my love to Rosie. I do miss her. If you intend to write back, I’d appreciate a picture.
“I think the second time was because of Mark.”
“Yes,” John smiles, his finger tracing Sherlock’s lower lips. “You were all I could focus on. I didn’t listen to a single word people said, I was too busy listening to you. Sherlock, you had me from the very moment you took my phone and read my whole life story from it.”
What?
There’s a bit of traffic, which Sherlock appreciates because it means more time with John’s hand on his thigh, which seems to settle higher and higher each time it comes back from changing a gear. By the time they arrive at their destination, Sherlock’s breath has hitched in his throat and he’s more than a little bit aroused. He notices the restaurant in front of them for the first time.
"I'm here, love," he whispers. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry."
“Yes,” Sherlock hisses, his hips stuttering off the bed of their own accord. He feels as though every one of their experiences together have only lent themselves to this very moment.
“Is it?” Sherlock finally snaps. “Is it so ridiculous that I’d be allowed to experience my own feelings for once?”
A couple of days ago, Sherlock had experienced the same feeling when he had gone with John to fetch Rosie from her daycare. They had gotten there a little bit early, when the children were still packing up for the day. He’d looked through the window of the little classroom and, when he spotted Rosie’s blonde curls, he felt such an intense reaction that he couldn’t even begin to explain. She was tidying up some toys (actually, in fairness to the exasperated teacher, she looked to be more interested in playing with them just then) and she had a huge smile on her beautiful face, the same smile John sometimes displayed that made Sherlock want to melt. When they had finally opened the door to collect her, she had looked up to see Sherlock in the doorway and had toddled over as quickly as her little legs could carry her with her eyes bright and her arms open and had practically jumped into his arms when he bent down to pick her up. That tiny gesture had played on his mind all of that evening and the next day, too. In such a simple action, Rosie had made him realise that he was welcome, somehow. Not only in John’s life, but in hers, too. And that was something he had been worried about. He couldn’t help but compare himself to the mother-sized hole left by Mary and he knew he would never be able to be that for her. He wanted more than anything to find a place in their lives, but he wasn’t sure what that would be.
Sherlock shrugs, “Boring.”
“Goodnight.”
“Julian?” Sherlock asks, both hands falling from John’s face.
“Better?”
“You have to understand,” John continues, “There wasn’t even a single second when I thought of Julian the way I think about you all the time. I’m certain he never did either. He’s always been supportive of our relationship, especially since we started exchanging letters and trying to fix things.”
He had sworn to himself that he would never touch Sherlock again, never embarrass him again. He had worked so hard to make him forget about it all, and now he was massaging his head as if it were the most natural thing to do in such situations.
Now that they’ve finally managed to sort through Rosie’s boxes to prepare her for bed and had dinner together as a family, Sherlock waits for John to put her to sleep while he hangs back in the kitchen, clearing up after them. When he hears John start to sing a soft lullaby, though, he can’t help but want to check in and see the private little moment for himself.
“Ah.”
They reach the glass-front store and push open the heavy door together. Elaine is at the counter, drawing something intricate. Sherlock spots cherry blossoms delicately framing a portrait and he feels a flood of relief that his design is much more straightforward and simple. Not that he’s afraid of pain; more that he’s afraid of the idea that his body could be so irreparably marked by something so sizable. He considers for a moment and realises he’d do it for John, though. In a heartbeat.
“That baby is rather cute, I admit.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, rolling his hips very suggestively at the same time. John’s laugh turns into a moan, fingers tightening around Sherlock’s hair. He spreads his leg wider, desperate for more.
“This is so pretty, John!”
brief
Sherlock smiles, a lazy, brilliant smile that takes all of the air left in John’s lungs away. Removing his hand, John starts to roll back over to get something to clean them up, but Sherlock pulls him back to him immediately.
Sherlock’s laughter begins anew.
They get inside, somehow. Sherlock backs him up against the nearest wall immediately, mouth attacking his hungrily. John kisses back, tasting rosé and chocolate on Sherlock’s tongue. He moans at the feeling of Sherlock’s hand roaming up and down his sides, and then much lower.
Perhaps a visit to a friend that owes him a favour would be more suitable. He downs the now-cold tea that Mrs Hudson left for his breakfast hours ago and rushes downstairs, putting his coat on as he storms through the door. When there’s a puzzle to explore, every inch of him comes to life. Not even cocaine can make him feel this way. (Only John can really make him feel this way, he realises abashedly and pushes it down;
