She eyes him for a moment, considering, not for even a moment seeming confused because she is, of course, perfect Anna Milton.
“This place used to seem so much bigger,” Dean muses, and even in the dark, Cas catches the fond way Dean stares at the money bars. “Farther away, too.”
Cas knows it’s a choice he shouldn’t make, not right now, and not for many reasons, but the idea of not going home, of getting to stay in this house with his best friend, it’s too much to turn down. He doesn’t even bother considering asking his grandmother for permission - she’s never said no to him staying with Dean, and she’ll likely be overjoyed to see him staying out of the house again.
After recovering from his hangover, Castiel spends the whole weekend texting with Balthazar, and while Cas may not be able to remember Friday night, Balthazar at least seems to. After he initially assuages Cas's fears that he made an absolute ass of himself (or was an absolute slut), the two of them wind up endlessly discussing a wide variety of topics, staying up late into the evening both nights, even Sunday night before school starts.
Dean offers a shaky smile, suddenly really wishing he'd had the foresight to plan something out. Fuck, he needed damn notecards for something like this, which only made him feel worse. This was his best friend sitting across from him, and he had no clue how to even start a conversation.
Castiel turns to Dean. "Look out, Dean, pretty soon he'll be taller than you."
Dean steadfastly ignores how his stomach sinks with that admission and thinks
“Don’t you ‘Cassie’ me,” he growls.
At eleven sharp, Balthazar pulls up in his flashy Audi convertible. Even Cas, who knows next to nothing about cars beyond what Dean has impressed upon him in passionate fits of pique, can tell the car is expensive and impressive. He also knows Dean would hate it, finding it too new and too perfect with not enough character. To Castiel, it doesn't really matter either way, so he doesn't even really know why he's thinking about it when he's always just seen cars as a way to get from point A to point B.
Sam regards him for a moment more before breaking out into an adorable grin. "That's awesome! Congrats, man!"
And that’s just the situation between him and Dean; never mind the fact that Anna still hasn’t spoken to him.
"How about that something is bothering you? Is it really that hard?" she asks in exasperation.
Cas raises his eyebrows. "That, coming from you?"
"Aw maaaan," she whines, and it brings a genuine smile to his face for the first time that day.
“Cassie, I’m not feeling well, maybe we should call it a day. I’ll drive you home.” It’s a lie, Cas knows that, but it’s also an out for the day. His shoulders sag though because it is just that - for the day.
kind of way. Leave it to Dorothy to be passive-aggressive and leave the victim none the wiser.
There’s the added complication of Dean. Cas has spent enough time since homecoming replaying in his mind the conversation he had with Anna, as well as actually replaying the voicemail he received from Dean. There comes a point when he can no longer deny that clearly Dean apparently has some sort of feelings for him. Once he accepts that, he can’t deny his feelings for Dean either. He isn’t sure how long they’ve existed, but he’s sure it’s been a long while. However, he was able to (mostly) ignore them when it seemed like it was never an option. Once that illusion breaks though? It’s hopeless.
Dean inhales deeply, then nods. “Okay, but I’m bringing the bacon.”
Monday and Tuesday also see no signs of Cas joining them for lunch. Lunches are just awkward in general given that Charlie seems to know
Anna opens her eyes and gives him the saddest, most heartbroken expression he’s ever seen on her. “I’m sorry, Cas, I know it isn’t your fault but…”
Dean may blow it off with a laugh and a, "Yeah, yeah," but it doesn't quite set right with him. Actually, nothing about his relationship has set right with him since that night several months ago when they got into a fight on the side of the road. Ever since then, something has seemed different, though Dean can't quite put his finger on what. She hasn't been any clingier, or really any more distant beyond perfectly reasonable excuses, at least not that he can see. Shit, maybe it's all in his head. He's pretty sure no one else has noticed. They haven't brought it up to him if they have.
Anna, for her part, plays the clueless role perfectly. While Castiel, for his part, is sure he's about to spontaneously combust. The thought
"Good!" Charlie chirps. "Then it'll just be the three of us, just like old times. We'll all meet at your car?"
“Dean, is that you?” his mom calls from the kitchen.
Cas gives a small shrug of his shoulders. “I’m not sure. Charlie just told me last period. I haven’t seen or heard from Dean about it, and Anna just acted cagey and distant this morning, though…” He trails off, almost telling Balthazar how he’s sure she’d been crying. Instead, he says, “She seemed like she could have probably felt better about it.” Anna is a secretive person; it would have felt like a breach of trust to share more, even with Balthazar.
“What?”
A pang of sadness suddenly hits him as he realizes that Anna won’t be showing up at all. She has other friends, other people she used to sit with at lunch before they started dating. Sure, she’d sit with them every once in awhile because of Cas, but he kind of doubts that will happen anymore. He’s been so caught up in his emotional turmoil over Castiel that he’d been able to ignore the fact that Anna had, in fact, broken up with him, and that it did, in fact, hurt a lot. Looking at Charlie and Dorothy, it sucks to realize that he is now very much single and alone.
Balthazar is still smiling charmingly, staring at Cas in a way that makes the other boy's blush deepen. "I'm asking you on a date, Cassie."
Cas looks at Dean expectantly, knowing Charlie is doing the same. He can actually see the gears in his friend's head turning, trying to come up with a logical excuse.
“Castiel!” His grandmother’s stern voice cuts him off, but when he glances up at her, she’s regarding him kindly. “I hope you know that I trust your judgement. I’m sure he’s a fine young man. When you’re ready, I’d love to meet him.”
You can find me on
They reach the Impala, and he throws his bag in the backseat before turning to face his best friend. "Look, was there something you wanted? I need to go pick up Sam."
When they get there, the house is full to bursting, and Castiel can't help musing that it's a wonder the police haven't shown already. Dorothy claims it has something to do with Lisa's father's place in the local government, which Charlie and Cas are more than willing to accept as fact.
Cas can feel his cheeks flush and suddenly finds it very hard to look his grandmother in the eye. “No, you can know,” he says lamely.
“It's okay,” she says. “I mean, it's not like I'm in love with you, either.”
"I wasn't mad about
Speaking of next chapter! I would love, love, love to pick up a beta for this fic! (Or just in general if someone would be so kind lol!) If you think you would at all be interested, you can either let me know in a comment or via DM on one of the below platforms!
Cas glances down at himself. He should probably shower, which will mean alerting Grandmother to his presence, which will mean explaining why he’s home and not at Dean’s. “Two hours?”
“I’m not hungry,” Cas grumbles before swiftly walking off.
Dorothy shrugs a shoulder. “Then you’re straight with a Castiel-shaped exception. Does it really matter? The point is that you love the guy.”
Leaning up and bracing his arms on the backs of the front seats, Sam grins at Dean and Castiel. "Hey Cas! I haven't seen you in awhile!"
Cas clears his throat, glancing down at his papers and then back up at Dean, the red on his cheeks not abating. "I just... I just mean... Give me a minute to gather my things, and then we can talk outside?" He stares up at Dean, blue eyes wide and questioning and so unsure, just like Dean himself feels. It gives him hope.
Cas nods. “It seemed the easiest option, and I wanted to make it work. I realize now how unfair that was.”
Cas saves them the trouble, grumbling, "I need some fresh air," before stalking off to the Braeden's back deck.
Castiel nods. "It's like he gets me. He didn't think anything I had to say was weird, or, at least, not in a displeasing way. I really, really like him, Anna."
He screws up his courage and whispers into the darkness, "Charlie fell asleep. Was about to come check on you."
“Cas, you gotta know - Shit, Cas, I’m no good at this, but - but you gotta know it isn’t just you.”
“I just need a little longer, Jack,” he says, and the air around them shifts ever so slightly, a signal of Jack’s acceptance of Castiel’s words, even if he doesn’t truly understand the reasoning behind them.
He clears his throat. “Yes, sorry, was just making a mental list of what I need to get.” It’s a horrible lie, and both he and the brothers know it, but thankfully no one comments on it.
So, summer before senior year has an interesting, if not altogether awful, sense of melancholy about it, and instead of amping Cas up for his last year of high school, he instead finds himself wholly dreading it. Yet, somehow, he still finds himself being dragged to a party at Lisa Braeden's house the last weekend before they're due back in school (no one can ever make him admit that Charlie's winning argument had been that Dean will be there).
Guilt lances through Cas at this, because the holding on thing? It’s exactly what he’d wound up doing, and it had led to so much more heartache in the end.
And Cas thinks he knows that, thinks Dean means it, but he is also terrified that he holds all the cards to fuck this all up if he doesn’t play them just right. But he’s tired of lying, especially to Dean.
"Exactly!" Charlie chirps with a bounce and a flick of her hair. "I earned those grades through hard work. Maybe just not the kind of hard work the teachers intended."
He does understand. He understands that Dean tends to think with his dick more than his brain, and he understands that sometimes it is very hard to be friends with someone like that. And Cas finds himself starting to resent Anna, which isn't really fair because he actually likes her. She's smart and kind and gorgeous, to boot (which often leaves Charlie and Cas pondering just what, exactly, she sees in Dean). It isn't her fault that Dean is being an awful friend, as Dean has always been the type to do whatever he wants. It is simply a fact that, up until this point, most of the time 'doing what he wants' included Castiel. But as stated, Anna Milton is perfect, so Cas can kind of see why Dean is hooked.
“Why are you home so early? Did you get in trouble with Mrs. Bradbury again?” she asks.
Anna doesn't respond either.
Castiel squints at her, slowly extending his own hand to take hers. It must look as unnatural as it feels because then April is laughing at him.
Cas tries not to show just how much that statement, and the abruptness of it, startles him. “What?”
Lunch though? Lunch is a whole different story.
Ignoring his feelings for Cas, though, proves a little trickier. It helps some that most of their energy is spent on school and standardized tests these days, so even though he still sees the guy, they aren’t really doing much of anything to trip Dean up emotionally. Another added bonus is that even when Balthazar is there, Cas seems far more invested in the work than his boyfriend. Honestly, Dean almost feels a little bad for the guy in that regard, so much so that he even offers up some words of encouragement that this won’t last forever.
Cas frowns, trying desperately to ignore how his heart has suddenly started jack rabbiting in his chest. “That explains Anna’s behavior this morning, though not yours.” He’s thankful that he sounds much calmer than he feels.
Placing his hand on top of hers, stilling her nervous fiddling with the bottle cap, Cas asks, "Did something happen with you and Dean?"
“Good. It was good. My weekend, I mean. It was a good weekend,” she answers, fidgeting restlessly and seeming a little too focused on organizing the things on her desk.
Anna is silent for a moment, and when Dean turns to look at her, it's to find she's already staring at him. “Will you at least still take me to homecoming?” she asks.
“Cassie-” Balthazar starts, the judgement and impatience in his tone causing something in Cas to snap.
That Friday finds Dean sitting on Cas's bed, reading comic books, while Cas researches different colleges online.
“I’m not- “ he chokes. “I like…” He stops again. He doesn’t know the words for what he is, he just knows, “I like Cas.”
and answers, "Hold on just a second," disentangling himself from the cocoon of blankets on the floor and rushing out of the room, Charlie's tittering singsong of, "Is that your boyfriend?" following him down the hall.
They fall into silence, and it makes Castiel antsy. Not the bad kind of antsy, like he wishes someone would do something, but the excited kind of antsy that comes from wanting to do something himself.
His arms flop down beside him as he stares miserably up at the ceiling, feeling completely and utterly lost. "But that's the thing, Charlie. We aren't even fighting. We're just... not talking. I don't get it. I mean... I know I screwed up this summer, but fuck, Charlie! Why didn't he call me out on it?"
Castiel stalls his movements, looking back up at Balthazar. "What?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm so sorry for lying to you, Dean,"Castiel says so earnestly, Dean could never think he means the apology any less than 200%.
They both nod.
"Kidding about what?" Anna asks as she, Castiel, and Dorothy approach the table and take their seats.
hurt, but it's the principle of the matter!
“If only we could all be as smart as you, Anna.”
“You built all this for him,” Jack mumbles quietly, almost petulantly, like a scolded child. Well, the boy is only technically three, after all. Castiel supposes he can forgive him that. Besides, for all the eons Castiel has lived himself, it’s not precisely like he’s learned how to act properly mature.
As Dean drives, Castiel watches. He does other things, of course - there is at least an eternity’s worth of responsibilities that have fallen into his lap - being the father-figure to the new god will do that to an angel - but as Bobby told Dean, time is different here. So Cas splits his time between watching Dean, helping Jack manage the universe, and even watching over Sam. Castiel could find it unfair, dig up some bitterness in his heart that while he sacrificed his life to save Dean, it is Sam that gets to live out a life. However, if he is honest with himself, he isn’t sure just how far his selflessness extends, if he could bare to watch Dean live out a life with someone else, a life without him. He’d done it once before, and look what it led to. He tries to not take these thoughts and feelings out to examine them often, but it does happen. It is in these moments that he runs from it all, even Jack, who somewhere along the line learned to not question it. He may have even learned to understand it, though Castiel can never be sure if his human experience was enough to impart that kind of knowledge onto the boy. Though he supposes it is possible that Jack asked his mother - he will always smile at the knowledge that those meetings get to happen with at much frequency as those two desire.
Balthazar looks like he wants to snap back, but then seems to think better of it after a quick glance around them. He sighs again, this time seemingly in an attempt to calm himself. When he speaks, his voice has a forced sort of calm to it. “Cassie, can we please just talk?”
He hears the sound of her chair being pushed back across the linoleum and her walking around the table to him. Her hand presses gently between his shoulder blades, and he swallows back a sob.
Castiel would like to say that at some point after Dean and Anna’s breakup life went back to normal, that he picked back up his individual friendships with both people and carried on with life while maintaining his own relationship. He’d love to say that, really, but he can’t. The fact of the matter is that he fails at all of these things, though some more spectacularly than others. Anna maintains her distance, and, selfishly, he feels the timing couldn’t be worse. There are the SATs and ACTs added in with every other bit of advanced course work he has, and without his best study buddy, the panic sets in that he will eventually fall behind. That very same panic offers a great excuse for his other behaviors though. He manages to hold everyone at arm’s length while still maintaining some sort of social interactions with them, and he gets the added excuse that his behavior is all justified.
"Well that's your choice. I don't see why I should have to do the same," he grumbles petulantly.
What is Dean Winchester without a little self-loathing?
Cas just shakes his head. “No. I can just borrow yours if you don’t mind.”
He follows Dean through the park, through the small playground, to the monkey bars that had already been old when they were children and now seem like more of a health hazard than anything else, what with their exposed metal and chipping paint. They’re almost certainly unusable at the height of summer.
Dean sighs, his hand falling onto the homework in his lap. “You don’t have to play dumb, Cas. I know I left you a weird voicemail Saturday night.”
"Why would it come up?" Dean's tone is challenging, bordering on confrontational.
Charlie smiles gently. “I think maybe you’ve had a crush on him this whole time, Dean.”
To that, at least, Balthazar has no counter.
He walks farther into the room, stopping for just a moment behind her before wrapping his arms around her and burying his face into her shoulder. For the first time since hitting puberty, he wishes he wasn’t so tall - it’s just one more thing that makes it impossible for him to pretend.
“Me? No way,” Dorothy says with a sly smile.
Dorothy sticks her tongue out at him. “I’m just not a light-weight.”
Castiel almost thinks the conversation over until, so quietly he almost doesn’t hear it, as though Jack is afraid of the response it will garner, Jack says, “He prays for you, you know.”
That one goes straight through his heart because she's right. They've been best friends since they were four, but yet he somehow missed this. He refuses to take all the blame, though, because after fourteen fucking years Cas should have learned how to fucking tell Dean he was mad at him!
Charlie’s mouth turns up at the corner. “Yeah,” she says, “I imagine so.”
He winces at her volume, face flushing red as people start staring again. "Charlie, please."
Balthazar, at least, seems like he maybe does truly want to make a real effort of at least being civil about this. Unfortunately for him, Castiel has no patience left for all of this.
Castiel glances at her out of the corner of his eye. "I hope so. Why?"
Castiel smiles and closes the door on the both of them. He’s heard some variation of this squabble dozens of times; he’s okay with missing out on this one.
“What?” Charlie asks in disbelief.
“I’m sure he doesn’t want to see me, Jack.”
"Because Cas is your friend, and he's happy. He at least deserves you not standing in the way of that."
“No, not really, I just didn’t think-”
At this, Castiel softens and places a hand on Jack’s shoulder. “And while I appreciate the thought, that isn’t a road you should go down.”
know about that?" he groans, wanting badly to bury his face in his hands but unable to due to the books already taking up residence there.
Anna sends back "lol god no".
"Sorry," Cas replies quietly, and shit! Cas doesn't need to apologize.
"Nothing, I'm peachy keen," is his response, immediately followed by a sharp, "Ow! What the hell was that for!?" as Charlie slaps him across his shoulder. It didn't
Dean looks at both of them, fumbling with a response. It’s too much - first Anna, and now Charlie and Dorothy. How is it that everyone seems in the loop on this except him? That shouldn’t even be possible! And it’s Cas! His best friend. His very male best friend.
"This is the library, Dean," Castiel whispers, and Dean is torn between wanting to punch Cas because
On top of the brains, they're both Grade-A hotties in their own right, and could have their pick of anyone in the school. Oddly, the both of them seldom date. Anna told Dean early on that he was only like her second boyfriend or something (though whoever her last boyfriend had been must have taught her a lot because hot damn), and Dean is certain that he's never seen Cas have an interest in anyone (though he's seen plenty of pretty girls bat their eyelashes at the oblivious guy, and Dean swears he isn't jealous of the attention).
The newcomer's blue eyes fall first on perfect Anna Milton. "Anna, dear, I was wondering if I could sit with you and your friends, seeing as how I don't know anyone else here."
Dorothy spits out her beer and begins choking, but neither friend is paying her any attention at this point.
“Why are you sorry?” she asks, and she sounds genuinely confused.
Dean watches as Cas slides out of the car and heads to the door, driving off only once Cas is inside. He pushes aside the feeling of being sick, wondering if it was something he ate. The only way he avoids hoping the sausage this morning was bad enough to ruin Cas's date is by reminding himself that he has his own in a few hours.
Balthazar is clearly avoiding him the next day. At first, Cas can chalk it up to him just not going out of his way to see Cas - no locker visits, no walking to and from class - which is fine, it makes sense. Why should Balthazar go out of his way to come see him after the culmination of the last month that was yesterday? He knows it’s avoidance at lunch, though.
“Are you sure you don’t know anything?” Charlie asks suspiciously.
He looks into his mom’s face, ready to explain, before he freezes, suddenly realizing that telling her what’s wrong involves more than just telling her what happened last night. It involves letting her in on the fact that he’s maybe not straight - a fact he hasn’t even fully come to terms with himself. He looks down at his plate, and his half-eaten pancakes stare back at him, rudely offering no answers or solutions. He swallows past the quickly reforming lump in his throat and, head still bowed, glances back up at his mom.
It feels like that’s not the end of what Dean wants to say, like he’s just left the sentence hanging, but whatever it is, he doesn’t continue. That’s fine though; Castiel had already decided he wouldn’t pry.
"Don't you lie to me, Dean Winchester!"
Cas barely spares her a glance. “It’s nothing,” he says with a small shake of his head.
He looks back at her in confusion. "No?"
No beta, and given this past week and that I'm currently only a half cup of coffee in this morning... who even knows how my own edits went? lol!
When the Impala pulls up in front of Cas's house, Dean slides her into park and turns to look Castiel in the face.
So, uh.... I only sort of died? Long story short, I had basically what amounts to an emotional and mental break down, fell into a pretty deep and long-lasting bout of depression, quit my job, started a new one that gave me far less free time, and struggled with writers block for.... what, like two years? So uh.... I'm back though!? :D ???
Dean sends back "hope u feel better soon. dont want you to miss the frst day of school".
Cas narrows his eyes suspiciously, but responds, “I did. You?”
“Mom, please.”
Dean nods. "Sounds good to me."
Dean glares at her. “I’m not interested in guys,” he insists, trying with all his might to impress upon her the sincerity of his words.
She shrugs. "I'm just saying that you kind of lost it when you found out he and Cas were talking, that's all."
Dean slides into the seat across from Cas, who seems completely oblivious to the world around him. Only when Dean places a hand over the guy's papers does he startle and look up. Castiel inhales sharply, not quite a gasp, but definitely an expression of surprise.
Finally, he says, "I want to ask about your day, but I'm afraid that then we won't have anything to talk about tomorrow."
Cas finally snaps out of his stupor, stumbling over his words to say, “No, no, you weren’t any of those things, Balth. You were perfect. I should- I am apologizing because what I did, I was wrong. I was so, so wrong to run off like that.”
He can’t meet her eyes, his head feeling too heavy. He babbles, “Charlie, Charlie, shit, I had to tell him.”
After, he lets Dean lead him on a walk. As much as he would be loath to admit it outside any time like this, and certainly to admit it out loud, sometimes Dean Winchester really does know best, especially where Castiel Shurley is concerned. He only asks where they are going out of the mild sort of curiosity anyone being kidnapped by a friend would ask. It doesn’t matter, it’s just something one asks.
He smiles sadly, shaking his head. “No, he didn’t.” He doesn’t tell her it would be easier if Balthazar had done something because then he’d have to admit to her that this? This is all him. And that’s not a conversation for the five minutes they have before class starts.
Of course that's it. With the rest of the school preoccupied, Anna can hang out with the stoners.
The day passes in a blur of touching and smiling and talking, even as they extend the date to include dinner, and after that to include frozen yogurt. However, it does eventually have to come to an end, and when Balthazar drops Cas off at home, he even walks him to the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Thanks."
“My grandmother and I tend to do a lot of volunteering around Thanksgiving,” Cas says, and that isn’t a lie, per say. His grandmother spends most of the time between Thanksgiving and Christmas volunteering at local soup kitchens and homeless shelters, among other things, and Cas does usually join her occasionally over the month. It isn’t, however, something he can’t technically get out of.
Another few seconds of awkward silence follow before Cas gathers his backpack from the footwell in front of him and opens the door.
Castiel kind of wants to throttle Anna in that moment, especially when he glances the ill-concealed amusement in her eyes. Everyone else is too focused on him to notice though.
that way? Charlie and Castiel were about in tears." She never once raises her voice, but he would almost prefer she had, the ice of her tone is far worse than angry shouting could ever be. It's enough to cool him off, to make him start actually taking in what happened.
He swallows around the lump in his throat and nods mutely.
For a moment, Dean's stomach drops out, but he mostly recovers as Charlie keeps talking. This… this is actually more than okay. This means he doesn’t actually have to talk to Cas about the break up and face questions, at least not immediately. Lunch can be a little less awkward, and any quirks Dean may suddenly develop can be blamed on that. This is his best case scenario right now.
“We’ll be okay again, I promise,” she says against his ear. Then they’re pulling apart, and with a soft kiss against his cheek, she leaves.
So yeah, Cas and Anna are perfection on legs, bound for so much more than their small town of Lawrence, and Dean is glad for every day they don't seem to realize they're too good for him.
Dean shrugs good-naturedly. "At home. You know Anna."
Castiel is pretty sure that Sam’s eye roll is the most impressive one he’s ever seen. “Dean, seriously? I’m fourteen!”
Dean blinks, startled out of silence. "Oh! Yeah! Definitely. Go study."
“Cas, what the hell, are you okay?”
There’s suddenly no guessing for Dean about what Cas means, he gets it. Cas knows how he feels, he’s sure of it, and it doesn’t bring with it the panic he might have expected. Instead, he feels sure - sure that Cas, mourning though he is, feels the same way, and sure that they’ll have plenty of time. For now, he can be this for Castiel.
!@#$%^&*()_+
Charlie clears her throat. "So! How was your weekend, Anna?"
Dean still does surprise him.
Dean just shrugs helplessly. “I mean, he’s seemed distracted. I kind of just assumed it was school related, but maybe not?
. Honestly, he isn’t sure of the truth behind either of those statements, not anymore. He knows he is being a coward, that he dropped all his feelings at Dean’s feet and then vanished, presumably to never be seen or heard from again. There had been an assurance, a comfort, in that. Having to face the consequences of his choices had never been a consideration, and even after Jack pulled him back, he was supposed to have more time.
And Dean…. No, it just isn’t a thought to entertain. For so many reasons. Not least of all is just no, not possible, like he said.
Dean and Charlie are Grade-A nerds, and they fly that flag pretty proudly. Charlie, at least, has a leg up on Dean in that she's incredibly smart, to boot, but she's also happens to be gay. Dean doesn't mind it one lick. Charlie is awesome, and the two of them often find themselves commiserating over relationship woes and porn. High school and a small town, however, aren't quite as kind to Charlie. She never seems to mind though. Dean kind of admires her for that, wishing he had half the guts and confidence she does. But it remains that they fall pretty low on that totem pole.
Despite the din around them, he can perfectly hear Dean's "What the fuck is his problem?" What he can't hear quite so clearly is Charlie's response, though he's sure she's chewing Dean out on his behalf.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "Cas, I know you're busy and all, but come on, you can take a break from studying long enough to hang with your friends."
He wraps his arms around her. "Wait, Baby, wait. Hang on."
Sam sits back in his seat, obviously placated, but Dean looks less convinced. He says, “Oh, okay,” but he’s also giving Cas a look that says, “We’ll talk about this later.”
"So legit, what's up with you?" Charlie asks when they're sitting in Dean's room, stuffing potato chips into her mouth.
Anna cracks a smile, and while it's small, it's a start. "Well, we always knew that."
Anna leans back in her seat. "Well I'm happy for you. You deserve it."
The next Friday finds Dean at the homecoming game, despite his hatred of everything having to do with high school football. But, Anna was nominated for homecoming queen, and coming to show support is the least he can do after being such a shitty boyfriend lately. Even if in the end she winds up losing, at least he's there to show his support. Hell, he even brought flowers and everything.
Over all, it’s a raucous affair, full of love, food, and the occasional playful jibe (there is one time when Dean’s grandfather starts in on politics, but he’s quickly and strategically derailed, leaving Sam and Dean to roll their eyes at each other). Even Cas seems in better spirits than he has been in awhile, or at least he seems to be until things start to wind down. As clean up starts and family that lives farther away starts to file out, Cas once more seems to deflate, and while Dean would like to believe it’s just the oncoming food coma, a kick ass turkey should never make anyone look quite that sad.
Wouldn’t he?
"I don't hate anyone," he grumbles, shouldering his backpack and heading to the parking lot.
Granted, all of eternity would perhaps not even have been enough time.
Luke Skywalker has just been saved by old Ben Kenobi when Dean pauses the movie, Charlie and Cas looking up from their whispers and snickering like kids caught with their hands in the cookie jar.
“I’d love to,” Balthazar responds, and Cas can hear the smile in his voice. “Can we spend the day together like we’d initially planned?”
“Balthazar and I broke up Thursday, I just needed some time. I apologize for worrying you, though,” he says, and he’s still smiling at her, even if it’s taken on a more melancholic tone.
Cas looks up at him guiltily, and the expression doesn't sit right with Dean, makes it feel like there's something lodged between the bones of his ribcage. “Yeah, but you aren't-”
Except as her face twists into an expression of grief, her eyes squeezing shut, he does understand, as much as he doesn’t want to, as much as he’s tried to deny it.
“I don’t know if I can make it through the next few days,” Dean gripes, all but sprawling himself across the lunch table.
Charlie is smiling back knowingly. "Talked to Cas, I take it?"
“Cas, you okay?”
"Every day of our high school careers," Castiel answers, turning a page in his AP Biology book, "especially when we're spending our summers reading
The foot it quickly withdrawn "Ow! Shit, Cas! What the hell!"
Once the cleaning is done and the last of the guests has finally left, Dean realizes just how in a funk Cas is. He’s quiet, a far away look in his eyes, and Dean is struck by sudden inspiration. He’s not sure if it will cheer Cas up, but it’s worth trying. Besides, now that he’s thought of it, he finds it’s something he wants to do, as well.
“Dean….”
He’ll text her later, to make sure she knows that despite everything, he is here for her, but for now, he doesn’t even watch her walk away. His mind is too preoccupied as he stares of the scuff marks on the floor, pondering what a giant, fucking mess this all is. She didn’t say it, but she didn’t have to. Castiel can no longer pretend to be blind to the fact he’s the reason Dean and Anna split up.
Dean immediately swivels around to stare at Sam. “Hey! Who taught you that word!”
“Dean,” Jack clarifies, as if that’s the part that has tripped Cas up. “I can read his emotions now, maybe even his mind, if I want to.”
one bothers him. "He said he understood!"
Cas stares her down, feeling frustrated. “Why?” he asks again, sterner this time. “I get not eating lunch with us, but why are you avoiding me? I don’t understand why things have to change with us!”
Dean smiles at her as best he can. “It's the least I can do.”
Cas stops what he's doing to level a deadpan stare, first, at the comic in Dean's hands, and then at Dean himself. "You're one to talk about being a nerd."
He scrambles out of the car and shouts, "Anna, wait!"
“Well duh!” Charlie exclaims right back.
Cas collects his things and the two of them pile into Balthazar’s flashy car. The ride is quiet, save for the radio softly playing in the background. Cas itches to up the volume for some sort of distraction, but he keeps his hand firmly in his lap. They don’t talk at all for the entire drive, Castiel opting, finally, to stare out the window, watching the outside world as they pass it by. At some point, he leans against the cool glass, lets it all flash by in a blur of color.
"Because! This is
Simultaneously, Castiel and Anna both shoot him chiding looks. He decides to the best way to avoid their unnecessary disappointment in him (which he'll totally have to get Charlie back for later) is to redirect their attention. "So how was the student council meeting?"
Charlie lets out the most exasperated noise. "Seriously! Do you even know him!?
's and
Once they step out into the cold, Castiel asks, “Dean, where are we going?”
“I know I’m an asshole,” Cas whispers, and it moves Dean into action, wrapping his arms around Cas and holding him tight.
"You guys want to share with the class?"
She immediately turns sheepish. "Sorry." Settling back into her seat, she continues a little more calmly, "I'm just saying I'm excited. Come on, I'm one of your best friends. Don't you want to talk about it?"
“Oh,” Charlie says, taken aback. “Oh…. I-I’m so sorry, Cas.”
No. Not was. They are all gone. Cas is happy. This is good.
“If you’re sure,” Charlie says hesitantly.
Anyway! Why don't you go find me over on
Cas jumps when he feels a hand on his shoulder, turning to find Charlie looking at him sympathetically. "You okay, Cas?"
Cas twines a hand around the back of Balthazar's neck, responding, "Then do it."
“Not ‘like,’ ‘love,’” Charlie corrects. Then in exasperation she asks, “And how have we seriously grown up together and you don’t know that you don’t have to be gay to like guys?”
“I know that, alright!” Dean shouts. Suddenly, he’s exhausted. His head hurts, and his eyes burn. Honestly, all he really wants is to curl up in bed for the next year. He presses the heels of his palms against his eyes, more calmly saying, “I know that.” All the fight has drained out of him. He’s screwed up, and he knows it. “I just… Fucking hell, Charlie, it hurts! Cas is with that guy and…” He chokes on his words. “He’s with him and he’s fucking him. He’s losing his virginity to the uppity douche bag, and maybe that could’ve been me if I’d gotten my head out of my ass long enough.” He doesn’t realize he’s crying until Charlie is on the ground beside him, wrapping her arms around him and stroking his back.
Dean stupidly feels his breath catch in his throat. “Yeah?”
It’s the first thing Charlie says to him when he sits next to her in AP physics, and it actually makes him smile a little - a tiny thing, but it comes from somewhere deep in his soul.
Cas can’t help but smile at the admission. “Just a little.”
Like this, under the blankets that block out the room, listening to Charlie’s snoring and occasionally mumbled nonsense, he can almost pretend last night never happened. He can almost pretend he’s a kid again, can pretend that the quiet breaths of Dorothy actually belong to Cas (they’re different; Dean never knew before that he could identify Cas by the sound of his breathing as he sleeps, but he realizes now that he can - the soft catches in breath when he’s dreaming, the way he grunts unhappily when he rolls over, the wet, smacking sound as he licks his lips; he wishes he couldn’t do it now), and that the three of them have had a sleep over and everything is normal. He can almost pretend that they’ll wake up and go play games or watch movies or suck up to Mrs. Shirley in the hopes that she’ll make her special french toast breakfast for all of them.
“Something on your mind?” she asks on Wednesday.
I am completely unrepentant for the Balthazar/Cas fluff! It is adorable! And while I didn't mean to make them so adorable, I'm glad Cas is happy! (However, I do promise there will be some actually Destiel soon.)
Thankfully, Cas agrees and doesn’t call him out on the fact that they’ll have to go by Cas’s place regardless to pick up clothes for him, since he’ll inevitably wind up staying over anyway. Dean doesn’t think he could come up with a good excuse to cover the fact he doesn’t know if he can necessarily be alone with his best friend right now.
The panic wells up in Castiel once more, but he does his best to ignore it. “Oh, uh, yeah. I was making plans to go hang out with a friend.”
He quickly hits
He can’t believe he almost threw this away because of some momentary panic.
Anna's smile is shaky, at best, but Dean'll take it. As she playfully cuffs him on the shoulder, she says, "I guess I really, really kind of like you, too."
Charlie furrows her eyebrows. “Cas, are you avoiding him?”
"Yeah," he responds, sticking his tongue out. "Anna made sure of it."
"Yeah, yeah," Dean grumbles, but he turns down the music all the same.
Dean rolls his eyes. "That's what everyone keeps telling me."
Balthazar turns that sly smile onto Cas. "You've been talking about me, then? I'm flattered."
That seems to be the theme of the day, doesn’t it? The not commenting on it thing.
Dorothy grins proudly at him. "Well good for you!"
"Dean!" Anna hisses in warning, obviously scandalized at her boyfriend's reaction.
At eleven sharp, Balthazar pulls up in his flashy Audi convertible. Even Cas, who knows next to nothing about cars beyond what Dean has impressed upon him in passionate fits of pique, can tell the car is expensive and impressive. He also knows Dean would hate it, finding it too new and too perfect with not enough character.
And that's when it dawns on Castiel just why April looks so familiar. "We went to church together."
Sam's expression turns deadly serious just as quickly as it had become ecstatic, which throws Cas for a moment, until the kid says, "He better treat you right, though, otherwise he'll have to face some Winchester wrath." A sudden laugh that's the product of too many nerves and relief rips out of him, which has Sam grinning again.
“There's always prom queen, right?” Dean jokes weakly, Anna's answering laugh just as weak.
She glances up at him through her eyelashes. eyes rimmed red. "Well, everyone from school is at Lisa's."
“Probably will later,” he admits.
“You really want to know?” she asks, a hint of warning in her voice.
"If you say so, beautiful. Now, about tomorrow, I was thinking we hit up that nature center, that sound good to you?"
"Surprised to see you here."
The look Charlie gives him is part pity, part disappointment. Dean’s voicemail plays back through his head with startling clarity.
"Who the hell is calling you this late?" Dean gripes.
Cas may have been able to avoid answering his friends at lunch and through most of the rest of the day, but there’s one place he can’t avoid Charlie - AP Cal.
," Dorothy emphasizes the statement with a hard look at her girlfriend, "some of us actually have to make an effort."
Oh yeah, he thinks, as it is with sudden, startling, eagle-vision clarity that he realizes every issue he’s ever had with Balthazar stems from jealousy. The very same jealousy that slams into him and sears through his veins as Balthazar puts an arm around Cas. It’s nausea-inducing and just so much worse now that he’s actually aware of his feelings.
They sit in silence for a moment, listening to the announcer calling out plays and points and the band's sporadic playing. Finally, Dean asks, “Anna, what's wrong?”
"Only...?" Charlie prompts
Mary scowls at her son. "Sam, watch your language." She then turns a kind smile on Castiel. "Congratulations, dear. Sam's right, though, he better watch his step." She winks.
Dean plasters on what he hopes is a reassuring smile and says, “Hey, sorry, what's up?”
"Yeah, right, because that was an outburst of love earlier," Charlie says sardonically, following closely at his heels.
In the span of about ten seconds Castiel goes from thinking to all the reasons he should say no ("my friends are still here", "I don't know you", "I can't reciprocate your advances") to thinking of ridiculous green eyes to agreeing because he doesn't think he can face anymore of Dean tonight (nor does he want to face any of Charlie's attempts at bridging the gap between the two boys).
He tries not to panic, mentally replaying his conversation with Balthazar. Did he say anything incriminating? Would she have been standing there long enough to hear it?
He probably needs therapy, he thinks.
Unbeta'd. All mistakes are mine.
“How did you-”
He checks his phone to find two texts, one from an unknown number that says "Hope you feel ok. Had fun last night tho. Txt me sometime ;)" He shoots a text back asking who this is, and then attends to the second message which is from Dean and reads "sry man. charlie n i talked last night n she told me what an ass i was all summer. can u forgive me?"
Flashes of an obviously drunken voicemail play through his head, followed by a flashing spike of anxiety. He watches Dean through the corner of his eye, trying to be as inconspicuous about it as possible. The way neither Dean nor Anna are talking about it - not talking to him about it - makes him wonder if it has something to do with him. It seems impossible, but… No, he isn’t going to go down that path. It is utterly ridiculous and impossible no matter how he looks at it. Anna has never shown anything more than sisterly affection towards him, and she knows he’s gay besides. Hell, she’s been one of his top supporters when it came to Balathazar this whole time. Sure, she hasn’t spoken to him much lately, but he doubts that has much to do with any secret romantic feelings. Anna is just a private person, that’s all.
Dean sighs again, eyes casting up to the sky before returning to look at Charlie. "Look, I'm sorry I've been such an ass. Would you like to come over?"
Dean sighs, having to admit he's lost this one. Besides, if anyone knows if something is going on with Anna, it'd be Cas, right? “Do you know if something's bothering Anna?”
Dean glances back at her in the rear-view mirror. "What?"
From there, lunch is spent listening to Dorothy, Castiel, and Anna complain about and reenact every ridiculous and annoying moment of their council meeting. As he acts at listening, Dean is furiously planning the perfect date to take Anna on and ask her to homecoming. After all, she deserves nothing but the best, especially since things have felt oddly strained between them lately.
happened, that Balthazar has kidnapped or hurt Cas in someway. When these thoughts cross his mind, he can't help excusing himself to run to the bathroom and call Cas. Every time, he just ends up staring at his phone long enough to talk himself out of it and returns to the group feeling like an idiot. He said he was going to give the guy a chance, didn't he? Cas deserves that much from Dean.
Cas feels his stomach start to tie itself into anxious knots, waiting for Dean's response, but before his friend can say anything, Sam pops up and splays himself over the back of the couch.
"Alas, I have plans as well," says Balthazar, who then glances at Dean. "Though I think I would probably be the odd one out as the only significant other."
"He's British?... Huh." And then he's hiding back in the arm cocoon.
“You cried when you weren’t in the same kindergarten class as him,” Charlie deadpans.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s totally fine, dude.” He scurries in to the kitchen before Cas can catch his face turning red. Which is dumb, because it’s not like they haven’t shared clothes plenty of times before, sometimes for unplanned sleepovers like this, along with any other myriad reason. But this is the first time it will have happened since Dean realized he has feelings for the guy, and that…. That makes it a little different. Dean tries to remind himself that it’s nothing, it’s still Cas, and Cas has a boyfriend to boot. He shouldn’t be feeling weird about this, and he certainly can’t act weird about it.
Dean tries to quash any feelings of jealousy, hurt, or resentment that text cases to flare up. He sends back, “y?” Okay, so maybe that sounds a little accusatory, but he tried.
Dean scrambles up and throws the pillow in his lap. "What the hell!" He sees Charlie brandishing the pillow from Cas's pallet and holds his hands up in surrender. "Uncle! Uncle, okay!?"
The whole situation gets so bad that at one point during dinner, Charlie kicks him in the shin under the table. It hurts like a bitch and is enough to make Dean put his phone away for the remainder of the night.
"I did not!"
"Are we seriously talking about homework at a party?" Charlie whines.
He splashes water on his face, steadies himself with a quietly whispered
He only spares a half a second to look at them all, lined up and mocking him, knowing that the first few have personal messages in them, back when his father still tried to pretend that he thought about him. The later ones all bare only the same mass-produced signature any other signed copy has.
“He wasn’t a prince,” Dean says softly, feeling like the air has been punched out of him. “He was an angel.”
He assures Dean he will, which seems to please him, before exiting the car. As he always has, Dean waits until Cas is inside before driving off. When Cas closes the door behind him, he's sporting a huge grin.
"You ignored him like all summer! His feelings are hurt!"
Castiel chews on this information for a time. He’s considered asking Jack what it is, exactly, that Dean asks for in his prayers, but that seems like a breach of privacy. After all, Dean is praying to Jack, not to Cas. If Dean wanted Cas to know what was on his mind, he’d just be praying to him.
“Okay, first of all, no one is saying that,” Charlie chides.
Lunch continues in this way - light-hearted and fun - and Dean almost forgets that anything is wrong at all. At least until he happens to glance across the table while engaged in a spirited debate with Dorothy and catches sight of Castiel whispering something in Balthazar’s ear and pulling away with a smile.
Unfortunately, the teacher walks in and the bell rings before he actually gets the chance to tell her anything.
Dean glances in his direction and mutters, “Traitor.”
He goes down for breakfast not too long after. When he still hasn't heard from Cas after eating, he sends Anna a text saying "wat u up to 2day babe?"
“There was mistletoe!” Dean shouts, he is most certainly not starting to blush, thank you very much!
Cas nods, not looking away from Balthazar's blue eyes. "I did."
Dean smiles despite himself. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. And I appreciate it,” he acquiesces with a smile and a shrugs. “We’ll hang out, but my place, okay? Gotta pick Sam up anyway.”
He quickly hides the Carver Edlund book under his bed. There’s no use in giving her any hope for reconciliation there. “Of course.”
"Awesome!" Charlie exclaims.
"Same," says Dorothy. "Dad's coming into town from his book tour tonight. We're having this big welcome home dinner for him."
When he finally shows up, Dean goes around to the driver's side. "Way to keep a guy waiting," he jokes.
The sound of Balthazar's chuckling in Cas's ear makes a warm flush go through his whole body, settling in the pit of his stomach. "Not a problem. I should be the one apologizing, anyway."
Dean’s heart selfishly skips a beat, and he clenches both fists, shoving them as deep into his jacket as they’ll go in order to keep himself from reaching out to Cas and doing something stupid.
Castiel is starting to think 'I understand' is some new code word for 'you're a sucky friend and I'm really upset with you.' Honestly, when did it get this hard to talk to his best friend?
Regardless, they’ve somehow basically made it to Thanksgiving break. One more week and they’re free from it all for at least a little while.
Still, all Balthazar says is, “I see.”
“I love you, too, Cas. It -” Dean swallows, looking terrified himself, but also open, vulnerable, hopeful. “It doesn’t have to be something you can’t have, ya know, if you still want it.”
"Why don't you also plan on an actual date?"
Cas gives a small shrug. “Both? It’s been tense for awhile.” He doesn’t mention just how long; there’s no reason to bring up that he’s been trying to salvage something since he walked out of Balth’s house the night of homecoming. “But yesterday was bad. I told him I couldn’t hang out with him over Thanksgiving because I was volunteering with Grandmother.”
At this, Charlie falters. “What?”
Castiel shrugs, reaching for his English book. "Besides homework? Nothing. Was going to see if Anna wanted to study together at some point."
“She left,” Dean answers miserably. “We broke up.”
He smiles back and nods.
She grasps his hand in hers, a feather light touch as she runs her thumb across his knuckles contemplatively. “I don’t like feeling jealous like this,” she says softly, watching their hands, just as he is.
"We're gonna kick Cas's boyfriend's ass if he messes with him," Sam answers.
As she's trotting around to the passenger side of the car, Dean calls after her, "Not in the front seat! That's Sammy's spot, and you know it!"
studying?”
"So your hot date mean you'll be too busy to get some studying done this weekend?" she asks.
She frowns. "Well... That's okay, I guess?"
“Look,” Cas continues, “Charlie told me about the break up, and I know, you probably don’t want to talk about it, but that doesn’t mean we can’t watch movies and hang out like we used to.”
He can almost pretend all of these things, except that almost is just almost. His head hurts in the way only poor choices can bring about, his eyes feel dry and scratchy from crying, and he burns with a shame that above all these other things is impossible to ignore. He remembers last night, not in startling clarity - the edges are blurred and exactitudes are missing and some of the moments skip around like a well-worn vinyl record or a dream that makes just enough sense to fool you into believing it’s real but just little enough that your house was definitely not your house even if it totally was- but it’s enough to make him feel like the stupid kid that he has to suddenly face that he is.
“Dean, what -”
“So, uh, have a good weekend?” she asks as she settles into her desk, voice going unnecessarily high at the end of the question.
He does not, in fact, go to the library. Maybe he had intended to, at first, but he winds up locking himself in the handicapped bathroom instead, sliding down to the floor and trying not to hyperventilate. He spends the rest of lunch trying to talk himself down from the swirling mess in his head of
At this, Dean finally turns around to face him, face awash in disbelief and irritation and maybe some sort of desperation. “That’s what - Are you freaking - Jesus, Cas! It’s not like you exactly acted like you wanted me to!”
When Dean so seriously says, "If you need anything, don't hesitate to call me, okay? I'll come and get you as fast as I can," it's like a helium balloon carries away all the stress and strain between them, because this? This is normal. This is Dean protecting Castiel from playground bullies and coming to the rescue every time Castiel's parents visit on one of their clandestine trips that only ever end in heartache. Finally,
Instead of commenting on any of that, Cas settles on, "Thank you, Dean," and wishing the same to him.
He frowns down at her. "Does Dean know where you are?"
He can hear the damn smile when Castiel responds, "I think I really do."
A smile spreads across Castiel's face, unbidden, as he's completely unable to contain his excitement. "Yes. Yes, that sounds great."
“Very astute. Now do your homework.”)
He dawdles as much as he can, but seeing as he has to get Sam to school, too, it isn’t nearly long enough. The world isn’t even decent enough to provide him with any alternate, slower routes too school or even just a little bit of traffic. But hey! He’s Dean Winchester! Even if he feels like the world could be pulled out from under him at any moment, no one needs to actually know that. He manages to walk into school with all the swagger he definitely doesn’t feel, and morning classes go so well that he almost manages to forget that anything is wrong at all. There’s no whispering or surreptitious glances. No one magically knows about the feelings he’s secretly harboring for his best friend. Hell, no one even seem to know that he and Anna are broken up. He goes through his morning able to pretend that everything is fine and normal and nothing at all has happened.
Cas can’t help the smirk that comes across his face. “Afraid he’s going to get taller than you?”
He walks back into the school, his feet almost moving without his own say so. They carry him to the student council room, where he finds beautiful, perfect Anna Milton in all her solitary glory. Honestly, he hadn’t even been sure she’d still be here, looking for her at all had been something of a subconscious whim. And perhaps it’s unfair that she’s the one he’s sought out instead of calling or finding someone else. However, unfair or not, she’s also probably the only person he thinks he can handle being around in this moment.
Cas looks at him, and it feels like he’s staring straight through him, blue eyes somehow bright and burning even in the dim light from the distant streetlights.
Anna shakes her head again, more resolutely this time, and meet's Castiel's gaze. "I know he likes me, but I feel like he only
“About something in particular or…”
He places his own hand over her’s. “It’s complicated,” he whispers. “I just- I need time to think.”
Dean crooks an eyebrow at her suspiciously. “What’s up with you?”
Castiel bristles, and unconcerned with whether or not Balthazar is quite done with that point, he all but shouts, “We talked about that already! You said you understood!”
"I know, I know. I'm sorry, Charlie. I really do feel bad for that."
Cas steps out from under Balthzar’s arm, instead grabbing one of his boyfriend’s hands between his own. He stares down at the point of contact between them before looking up into blue eyes. “I know you and Dean don’t always get along, but please be on your best behavior today? Even if he isn’t?”
He nods. "Dean and I are on good terms once more, it's Friday, and I have a date this weekend."
“You stayed with him though,” he manages to croak out.
Castiel shakes his head. “It’s better this way. But, would you mind not telling anyone else yet? I want them to know it from me.”
Somehow, breakups seem to be hard even when you aren’t the one whose relationship ended. At least, this is what Castiel decides
"Does this have something to do with a certain new student that showed up during lunch today?"
Cas glances out of the corner of his eye at Charlie, and her expression is all concern and sympathy. He feels guilty immediately. Even if Dean is possibly deserving of his lies, Charlie most certainly isn't.
"I'd like that, only, uh..." Cas trails off.
Castiel wants to tell her to stop, to not say it, but he can’t find the words. He’s too transfixed - she wears her heartbreak beautifully.
He could possibly accept Anna’s odd behavior if not for Charlie’s equally bizarre behavior during physics.
This time Anna sighs, stopping and turning to face him.
“He has everyone he loves here.” Castiel does not says
Dean blinks and struggles to remember all that shit he read back when Charlie came out in the seventh grade. “Um… Bisexual?”
“Come on, dude, put it on. It’s cold out.”
It’s here that Castiel’s heart lurches, catapulting itself up into his throat.
Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Charlie keeps talking, “Or what about third grade, when you kissed him?”
Castiel turns back to walk into the library, but Dean's call of, "Hey, Cas!" has him stopping and turning around one more time.
"It's okay, really," Castiel promises, taking a seat on the porch swing, starting to rock slowly back and forth.
Charlie laughs a little too loudly. “Me? What do you mean what’s up with me? The sky is so up… with me?” she blurts out in a breathless ramble. Dorothy rolls her eyes beside her, but doesn’t say a word as she stuffs a french fry in her mouth.
He sighs, feeling altogether very tired and very done.
It isn’t, of course, he’s being a terrible friend and an even worse boyfriend, proven not lease of all when he overhears Dean one afternoon reassuring Balthazar that it won’t always be like this. It’s another bit of guilt that he pushes to the side. None of this accomplishes anything in the end because once the bulk of the testing is over, once the study groups no longer need to meet, once the course work slows down in prep for the holiday week, he still has all the same problems he had before, plus the new ones he has created.
Dean feels his face heat up, and a kind of dopey smile spreads across his face. "Yeah, same."
"Your phone, Dean! Just who were you talking to all day, huh!? Who is she!?"
Dean blinks like a fish. "What?" Quickly, he turns his attention to Balthazar, as much as he hates to do it. "And you?"
After that, Dean puts his phone down for good. He knows he won’t be able mask his anger and hurt after that. He spends the rest off the weekend holed up in his room, playing games and eating junk,
If that isn't an arrow straight through Dean's heart, he doesn't know what is. "Dude, no! No way! I don't hate you. Besides, we uh... We both kind of fucked up." He rubs the back of his neck, feeling completely like he's floundering in foreign waters. He's never been the best at the apology thing.
Finally, Castiel breaks the silence with a simple, “Hello, Dean”
Dean doesn’t hear from Cas all weekend.
Not looking up from his comic, Dean responds, “Yeah?”
Balthazar solves the problem for him by finally saying, "Good night, Cassie."
"Isn't that shit not due for months?" Dean asks.
"No, you know what, Charlie! Screw you!"
Sam glares at his brother. “Don’t be an ass, Dean.”
Castiel stalls his movements, looking back up at Balthazar. "What?"
After sticking the paper back to the fridge, he heads to his room. He grabs some pajamas and a change of clothes for school tomorrow. He hesitates on the way to the bathroom, waffling on whether or not he should grab a toothbrush. Normally, Dean keeps a spare one for him, but it has been awhile; he grabs his just in case.
She doesn’t ask questions, just sits Cas down on the couch in front of the TV and wraps him in a blanket before disappearing into the kitchen. She reappears with two glasses of water and a pinched expression, which she explains by way of, “You live with an old person, how do you guys not have any ice cream?”
He fixes her with a deadpan stare, and she rises to the challenge of a staring match. Neither of them says a word, continuing their battle of wills until the teacher starts class. He tries to say something after class, but she bolts out almost as soon as the bell rings.
When they finally get their food and sit at their normal table, Dean and Anna are already sitting there. The couple stops talking as soon as the trio sits down, Anna smiling in greeting and Dean shooting Cas a worried look.
It isn’t until he’s on his way out of the room that he spots it - the book on his desk. The Carver Edlund book on his desk. The one that he’d stuffed under his bed yesterday morning and never pulled back out. His grandmother must have been cleaning and found it, exactly like he didn’t want her to. Something twists in his stomach, a mixture like guilt and shame and abandonment issues and not wanting to disappoint anyone. He swallows and breaths and dutifully pushes the feelings back down to ignore them, as is his wont, before picking the book up and putting it back in its place on the shelf.
Dean nods, but says, “I don’t want to lose him, Mom.” Because apparently that’s the root of his fears. Yeah, okay, he loves Cas, apparently has for ages, which he can live with, probably, even if Cas is with Balthazar. What he can’t live with is what will happen if Cas finds out and it ruins everything.
It does actually make Cas chuckle though, which brings a small smile across Anna’s face. She sits next to him and snuggles up under the blanket with him.
, is what he thinks. He wraps her up in a tight hug, which she returns.
None of the rationality in the world can stop the fact that it does, though.
Of course, despite it only being the second day of school, Cas is sitting in the library and studying. Dean really doesn't know how Cas and Anna do it, but then again, that's probably why they're top of the class, and he's squarely in the middle.
Either ignoring or ignorant of her tone, Dean exclaims, “Yes! That’s why I asked!”
Dean can't stop the triumphant grin from spreading over his face. "Sure am!"
The smile Anna gives him is odd, off in someway or another that Cas can't place but that gives him a feeling like an anvil has just been place on his chest. "I'm pretty sure he likes someone else, Cas."
When he gets there, the party is already in full swing, so it takes him a moment to stake out Charlie and Dorothy, and he's pleasantly surprised to find Cas there as well. He was a little worried the guy was going to pull the same thing as Anna and stay in because school is starting in two more days.
“Balthazar,” Cas growls in warning.
"You seem pleased," his grandmother comments from the doorway that leads into the kitchen.
“Castiel,” she says, “this is too hard for me right now.”
Mary let’s him get through about half of his pancakes, chatting about John’s continued DIY failures on the shed out back and the mundane goings-on at the precinct, before she finally settles The Look on him and asks, “So what happened, Dean?”
This, at least, has Castiel truly laughing.
"Dean, wait!"
Cas shrugs. "Anna wants to get them in early."
Dean seems completely unaware that she's even spoken, instead throwing accusing looks all around the table. "And you guys all knew!? Right, really funny joke! Let's see how long it takes for neanderthal Dean to figure out we're pulling the wool over his eyes!"
As he walks out his front door two hours later, his grandmother’s bid of, “Have fun and be careful,” somehow seems to carry a whole different sort of weight.
Dean lifts his brow speculatively. "You guess?"
"Sorry," Cas whispers back.
A few more seconds of silence follow, which has Dean lowering the comic once more to look over the edge of it. Cas is turned in his seat so Dean can see only his profile, but it's enough to see that the guy is fidgeting and biting his lip as his cheeks fill with color. The expression sets something off in Dean, an uncomfortable tightening in his stomach and a sudden shortness of breath. Trying his damnedest to ignore it, he says, “What is it?”
Cas is suddenly no longer petulantly angry, he is no longer hurt on his own behalf. This is a cold, righteous kind of fury, the kind he could only have, apparently, in defense of the people he loves.
“was supposed to call me. never did.”
Castiel’s expression changes for a moment, and it’s the look he gets when he’s weighing the pros and cons of a situation. Right now, it honestly makes Dean a little nervous, but he remains quiet, waiting to see if Cas decides to tell him what’s on his mind or not.
"Anna, Dean is - I don't understand why you think that."
He can't help thinking,
Cas can’t quite quell the urge to groan, which has his grandmother chuckling softly.
, and while Dean knows his little brother is only giving him a hard time, it cuts deeper than he'd like to admit. Anna Milton is perfection in a pale-skinned, redheaded package, and he knows she probably wouldn't have ever given him the time of day if not for Castiel talking him up. Dean doesn't know how he got lucky enough to have the perfect Anna Milton as a girlfriend and the perfect Castiel Shurley as a best friend. Don't get him wrong, he loves Charlie, but they're both pretty low on the totem pole of high school (and life).
Charlie groans dramatically, her whole body articulating the sound. “My mom is a tyrant, you guys!”
Cas levels one more angry glare at him for good measure before grudgingly spitting out, “Fine.”
Thankfully, before he can get too caught up in that particular, Cas says, with no room for argument, “We’re hanging out tonight.”
"If you say so," Charlie says, giving Dean a look and using a tone that indicates she really doesn't believe he means it.
"It isn't me, man."
“Look,” she says, “you went off to find a prince when we were four, and I think you need to admit you did.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“After today? Yeah, yeah, I think it is.” Castiel turns to storm off. He doesn’t get far before Balthazar is grabbing his shoulder to stop him or slow him down. It doesn’t really matter which; either way, it infuriates Castiel further.
He must sound truly desperate because Mary sighs, slumping down just a little. “Dean,” she says, “I can’t promise to never tell him, but we can figure it out between the two of us first, okay?”
(“It’s not like I’m excited about it either, Dean, but I’d rather do it now instead of staying up half the night because I procrastinated.”
“This is over,” he says, fairly quietly, and for a moment, he thinks he may have to repeat himself as a result. But no. No. Balthazar stutters to a stop.
“But nothing!” Charlie snaps. “What does the ‘B’ in ‘LGBT’ stand for?”
"S'cool." Dean Winchester, ladies and gentleman, douchebag extraordinaire, making best friends feel guilty for their relationships since 2009!
“Thank you,” he says, and he means it - he means it for tonight and the opportunity to gain distance and perspective, and he means it for when they were four and Dean offered him his friendship and a lifeline. He means it for all the moments between those two, as well.
"Yes, Dean?"
"I thought that was Sam's seat," Charlie huffs from the back of the car.
He continues storming down the silent hallway, steadfastly ignoring Anna's call of his name.
That night is the first since they’ve met that Balthazar doesn’t send Cas a good night text, and Cas tries not to feel upset by it. It makes no sense to feel upset about it. He doesn’t even really want this anymore, he’s mistreated his boyfriend horribly just to avoid feeling alone or like his parents. He has no right to feel stung by this development.
And his grandmother, warm and loving and kind, had held him in her lap, rocking him back and forth as she whispered these words to him, pressing kisses onto the crown of his head.
"You can ask him yourself," Dean promises with a comforting smile. "I was worried about him going that date with Balthajerk and told him to call me if he needed anything."
Cas can feels his hackles rising, but he does his best to keep the situation from escalating. This is, after all, part of what he didn’t want to happen. “I was unsure if you would want to see me,” he admits.
“Yeah, Charlie, gotta side with your girlfriend on this one,” Dean says, and before anyone can look at him like he has two heads, he adds, “she’s way too much of a stick in the mud for all that.”
Add that to the list as another reason he’s avoiding being alone with either Balthazar or Dean. And yes, he knows he’s being awful and unfair to everyone. But damn it, why can’t life ever just be simple? He’d decided to accept the happiness in front of him for once, and it all had to go to shit.
“What?” he asks, and Cas gives him a droll look.
"Well why the hell not!?"
Before any of them can say anything though, Cas gathers his things and as he stands, says, “I’m going to the library.”
He doesn’t try to pull an Anna, though and show up as close to the bell as he can in order to avoid her. Instead, he’s there before her, as usual. He hears her hurrying to her seat next to him before he sees her lean over to him.
Castiel squints at him, a pensive expression, and Dean feels the bottom of his stomach fall out.
"No one plays kickball past the fifth grade, Cas."
“How did everyone come to this conclusion!?” Dean demands.
Cas nods. “Yeah, that one.”
“I can’t believe you’re rubbing your face all over that thing,” Dorothy says in disgust as she and Charlie take their seats at the table.
"No! ...Yes... Maybe... I don't know, Charlie!"
“This place used to seem so much bigger,” Dean muses. “Farther away, too.”
Castiel is doing his best impression of a startled guppy, and there isn’t even anyone around to see.
"Pull over," she instructs. He winces, but does as she says. He puts the car in park and turns to face her. She's studying him with concern. "What's up with you today?"
"Well, I forgive you, at least. How can I hold you finding a hot piece of tail against you?"
"Great! Tomorrow work for you?"
, yet even she looks slightly lost when she says, “I think he just needs some space right now.” It’s a small consolation that when he manages to ask Dorothy about it away from Charlie, she seems to not know any more than he does. She does seem to side with Charlie though that they should give him some space if that’s what he wants, which Dean is trying to do, thank you very much! He hasn’t tried to corner Cas at his locker or anything, and he’s only sent a couple of (unanswered) texts asking if Cas is okay.
And then he’s hoping she didn’t put extra salt in the soup because he’s crying into it now.
Castiel furrows his brow. "Aren't limos typically saved for prom?"
When they get to Castiel’s house, he expects her to just drop him off and leave. Instead, she turns the car off and comes inside with him.
"The front passenger side! Every time I try to sit there, you tell me it's Sam's spot. Yet there Cas is, up front with you."
Dean groans in his own exasperation, raking his fingers through his hair as he throws himself back against his bed. "I don't know, okay!?"
"I'm sure Grandmother won't mind, but I'll call and let her know," Cas answers, exiting the room at a much more sedate pace than Charlie.
Cas ducks his head bashfully. "Thank you."
“No. No, Cas, you aren’t,” he promises, resting his cheek against the top of Castiel’s head.
Dorothy rubs Charlie’s back while looking at Dean. “Come on, let’s all just chill out. Clearly we’re all just tired and ready for a break.”
Charlie rounds on him, expression like a thunder cloud over water. "Seriously, Winchester!?"
“You’ve been distant for over a month,” Balthazar spits out. “You bloody walked home while I was sleeping after homecoming!”
Balthazar smiles at him. “Of course, Cassie. He’s important to you; I do understand that. I promise to be a perfect gentleman.” He leans in and kisses Cas gently on the forehead. “What’s important to you is important to me.”
Silence falls between them for a few beats before, softly, Charlie says, "You should talk to him, you know."
The smile returns to Balthazar's face. "So is that a yes, then?"
She rolls her eyes. "Don't play smart with me, Shurley, you know what. Tell me about this mystery person! Like now! You know, before we get to lunch and all the party poopers rain on our parade?"
It only takes a few more seconds of Dean staring her down before she breaks. “I told Cas you and Anna broke up! I didn’t say anything else though, okay? But I guess Anna was acting weird and you know I’m such a bad liar when it comes to you guys and he kept pushing. I had to tell him something!”
"Good morning, beautiful," a lilting voice says, and Cas can't help the smile or the blush that rise up on his face as he turns from the books in his locker to face Balthazar.
"Ah, yes. Cassie, here, and I met at that party on Friday night."
Unbeta'd, all mistakes are my own.
"Why not?"
and wanting to cry because
Grace raises an eyebrow at the dodgy answer. “I don’t get to know which friend?”
Castiel narrows his eyes, clearly unimpressed. “You think I don’t?”
But Cas doesn't answer. He's glowering at his beer bottle instead. As a matter of fact, he's been suspiciously quiet the whole night, didn't even say hey when Dean walked up. It kind of pisses Dean off, actually, because the alternative is to feel bad, and he already has enough insecurity where Cas and Anna are concerned that he doesn't want to dwell on that tonight.
The question seemingly comes from no where, and it about knocks the wind out of him. He manages to shrug, unable and unwanting to give any answer beyond that. But he can feel this heart rate ratcheting up, feel his stomach clenching around nothing but bile.
“Ugh. You are such an honors kid!”
And Castiel doesn’t come right out and say it, doesn’t confess his feelings, but Dean holds him all the same. Reassures him all the same. And Cas thinks if he wasn’t in love already, he certainly is after that.
"Did you have a good time?" Balthazar asks softly. The soft glow of the porch light seems to cast a halo around his head.
"Castiel Shurley." After a beat, he adds, "You look familiar." And she does, though not in the way someone from school might.
Dean nods meekly.
The two work quietly until Mary gets home, at which point they are requested to help prepare dinner. The time passes pleasantly, Castiel slotting into the family dynamic as only one who was raised as a part of the family can do. After dinner, Dean, Cas, and Sam all hunker down with some video games until it’s time to get ready for bed. All in all, it’s a nice evening, something that Castiel has sorely missed having with Dean. The awkwardness has passed, and things feel like maybe they have finally, finally righted themselves. However, there is one last things that weighs on Cas’s mind as the two lay in the dark, trying to fall asleep.
Dean turns around and leans back against the monkey bars, watches Cas, who in turn watches the sky. It’s a quiet moment, almost intimate, the two of them alone here. He feels like maybe they could be the only ones in the whole world at this moment, and it’s such a sappy thought that Dean is glad the cold is already making their skin red because otherwise he’s not sure he could explain the flush he feels rushing up his neck and to his cheeks to Cas.
"Whoa whoa whoa!
"What up, losers?"
Dean only rewards him with a scoffing huff of breath.
When Cas sees him, he looks like he might cry, eyes all shiny and watery. "I thought... I thought you hated me," he croaks out, "and I wouldn't have blamed you if you did."
It’s easy enough to be okay when he’s home and surrounded by no one but his family; it’s a whole other to have to go to school and face people like Anna and Castiel.
Grace removes the soup from his lap, gently placing it on the bedside table, and then she gathers Castiel up in her arms, once more pressing a gentle kiss the crown of his head.
“It wasn’t right,” Cas admits. Then he smiles sardonically, looking back to the ground. “I walked home the night of homecoming, after…” He glances up at Dean, and Dean knows what he’s saying without him having to say it. Thankfully, Cas seems to get that too because Dean isn’t sure he could handle having to hear Cas explicitly say “after we had sex.”
“If you’re sure,” Cas says, and begins packing up his things. He accidentally catches Balthazar’s eye at one point, and his heart skips a beat before sinking at the melancholy look his boyfriend is wearing. Cas put that there, and he once more questions why he’s keeping this up.
As they're packing up their things after class, Charlie is quick to bump Cas's shoulder. "Soooo...?"
He can see the subtle way Balthazar clenches his teeth. “No, it’s fine. I can take you.” They both know that “another way” means Dean, whom Balthazar has been prickly about ever since Dean and Anna’s breakup. Which on the one hand, Cas understands because he knows his own internal turmoil, but given that he’s done his best to not be alone with Dean, it also frustrates him. If he were to actually try and maintain their friendship right now, where would that put this relationship?
When he sits down to breakfast, it’s just him and Mom. He’s not sure where she sent Sam or what she told him, but he doesn’t hear him out in the living room anymore.
She shrugs noncommittally. "Yeah, so? Just cuz I love her doesn't mean she can't be a party pooper. After all, that's why she has me around!"
Anna narrows her eyes suspiciously. "You really expect for me to believe that?"
"Dean!"
After Anna's reminder that he had, in fact, neglected Dean all weekend, and his resultant head injury (he wouldn't be surprised if he is concussed), Castiel has been oscillating between awful guilt and righteous validation. Plus a killer headache that refuses to go away. Seriously, he's sure he's concussed.
This time, when he smiles at Cas, it isn't quite as shaky. "Yeah, sounds good. I'll wait just outside the door."
Charlie gives him a look that's settled somewhere halfway between an apologetic smile and a grimace. "He was pretty bothered about it, yeah. Said you told him you weren't feeling well, promised to call him, and then never did. He thought you were really sick, Cas."
"We should do something this weekend!" Charlie announces at lunch.
The ringing stops, and Dean rushes to say, “Cas, you gotta-”
“I’ll see you in two hours then.”
For his part, Dean seems to flounder for a moment over his words. It’s small, barely noticeable, but Castiel has watched this man for so long, loved him for so long, that to him it’s the loudest moment they’ve had so far.
“Okay, first of all, we were five. Second, that’s because he needed protecting! He was a small kid, Charlie,” Dean argues.
“It’s cool, Charlie. He was going to find out anyway,” he says with a tired smile.
Dean heaves a put-upon sign. "Fiiiine. I guess that works."
“I uh…” Dean scratches at his cheek, refusing to make eye contact with Cas. “I wanted to apologize.”
Dean's smile turns slightly shy as he meets Charlie's eyes. "Thanks. I don't think you realize how much you keep us all together."
She winks. "Damn straight. I'm Kesha, baby!" The two of them laugh loudly, attracting more than a few curious stares before they finally calm down again. "So anyway! Enough stalling! Tell me about this mystery person."
Anna's aggravation melts away into disbelief as she blinks at him. "Wait... you're serious?"
He clings to her, burying his head into her shoulder, sobbing, “I’m such an fucking idiot, Charlie.”
They’ve been working uninterrupted for about forty minutes when Dean sets his pencil down and mutters, “Hey, Cas?”
“Ah, I hope Cassie and I didn’t miss too many shenanigans,” Balthazar says, and he actually sounds like he means it.
For a weekend, Castiel avoids his troubles and his life. It’s a nice reprieve. And though come Monday, he’s making his way back into school, he still feels better for it.
"Does
Castiel sighs heavily and rolls his eyes. “How much trouble are you in with your parents this time?”
Thank you to pharocomics for being my lovely beta!
They drive to the nature center with the top down, and Cas immediately forgets any hangups Dean may have about the car at the freeing feeling of the wind whipping through his hair.
"Dean, it wasn't like that!" Charlie interjects.
"What do you mean 'huh'!?" She leans closer to whisper, "You guys were certainly all buddy-buddy Friday night."
"You're fucking kidding me." When Cas doesn't respond, not because he doesn't want to, but because, for some reason, he can't, Dean continues. "Seriously!? I was worried about you, and you weren't actually sick at all!? You blew us off, your fucking friends, to go hang out with some random dude!? And you were just fucking hungover the next day, I bet! Real classy, Cas!" By the time he's done, Dean is standing up, towering over the whole table.
“She left,” Dean answers miserably. “We broke up.”
Come Wednesday though, he does still need to know one thing.
Still, he smiles when he realizes where they’re going.
Charlie and Dean both deflate a little at her words, mumbling variations that she’s right and apologies to one another. The rest of lunch passes without much fanfare, the three mostly talking about how lame it is that they have to come to school at all next week and their plans for the holiday (Dorothy is going skiing with her parents; Charlie has her whole extended family coming in, as usual; and Dean’s family is having Cas and his grandma over for dinner since Cas’s parents once again won’t be making it to Kansas for yet another holiday).
He can see the way Dean’s shoulders tense at the tell-tale sound of Castiel’s wings announcing his arrival before he can announce it himself. However, Dean doesn’t turn to him, just keeps his back to Cas, shoulders tight, barely even breathing.
Dean screws his eyes shut, wishing desperately he could fall asleep, if only the guilt would leave him alone long enough. Even if he doesn't think he wants to know the answer, doesn't want Charlie to have proved him wrong, he has to know. For Cas's sake.
Charlie's eyes about bug out of her head. "Wait! Is this why you blew off Dean!?"
He smiles at her, this time in an attempt to be reassuring. “I’m sure. Thank you, Charlie.”
Charlie goes on as though she never heard him. “Then there’s the mutual hand job in seventh. Yeah, that’s right, I know about that!”
It's a beautiful day to be at Lawrence's nature center, and as Cas passionately explains about all the different kinds of wildlife exhibits they encounter, Balthazar attentively soaks it all up. They hold hands as they walk about, and Castiel is amazed yet again at how easy it is to be himself around Balthazar.
A beat of comfortable silence comes between them before she asks, “Did I just hear you talking on the phone?”
Dean offers a strained smile in return. "Any time, Cas."
Jack gives him a small half-smile at the concern.
“You can’t just - You can’t just say all that to a guy and then go die. Or disappear. I just - Cas, I’m so fucking tired of you leaving me behind because you think you know what’s best!”
He just grins wider, and then turns his attention to Cas. "What about you, Cas? Anna said you guys had some rough stuff this year."
“I’ll see you at school tomorrow,” he says as he exits, for the first time finally just forgoing any other sort of goodbye ritual couples do. He avoids eye contact with Balthazar and walks inside, not showing any of the anxiety he feels about it all until he has the door closed behind him. That’s when he finally drops his bag and slides to the floor, resting his head on his bent knees.
Sam and Dean both look at him in concern when he climbs back into the car, and Castiel isn’t sure if it has something to do with a look he probably has on his face or maybe taking too long, but before either of them can ask something, he heads them off by saying, “Sorry I took so long. I had to find a pen so I could leave Grandmother a note.”
," Dean growls. "Cas deserves better."
“Well yeah, but how much more growing does he really need to do!?”
It's all terribly unexciting in the way that high school parties are, between horny couples hooking up in dark corners and warm beer being the beverage of choice. Still, Cas will always find himself grateful for warm beer in the absence of anything stronger, so he finds himself oscillating between standing against walls with a drink in hand and dancing with Charlie and Dorothy. Dean doesn't show up until about an hour and a half after they get there (and if Cas was counting, which he most assuredly was
“Nothing to apologize for, Cas. Nothing wrong with that.”
, and to a far lesser extent
Charlie looks at Cas, asking, “Where’s Balthazar?”
Finally, Cas smiles at him, and though it’s small and fragile, it stills warms something inside of Dean.
Scuffing the toe of his shoe against the linoleum floor, Castiel finally breaks the silence. "I should probably get back to studying."
He'd been worried. Dean had been honest-to-God worried about Cas's health. He'd felt fucking bad for being a shitty friend all summer. He'd planned on doing everything in his power to get Cas to forgive him, and instead, Cas wasn't even sick. Instead, he'd been off gallivanting with some arrogant douche bag! And that is just wrong on so many levels!
Also, thank you to pharocomics for being a lovely beta, as always!
Dean zones into watching the road in front of him as his brother and best friend fall into conversation, and everything finally just feels
“You’ve been hanging out with him a lot recently,” she notes, and Cas feels his stomach drop down to his toes. “Is there a reason I haven’t gotten to meet this boy yet?”
About all he can say by this point is, “So, I guess we're breaking up?”
"I'm not sure hangovers count, especially when they're well deserved cuz you lied to your friends."
Toying with the cap to her water bottle, she asks tentatively, "Do you think you guys will still be together for homecoming?"
When she doesn’t immediately offer anything else, he raises an eyebrow. “Charlie.”
She's staring at him with wide, hazel eyes, silently imploring for his forgiveness (because as much as he prefers Dean and Charlie's company, Anna is his friend too, more so than people realize, the two of them having clung to each other in the times that meeting their families' expectations proved too much), so he softly bumps her shoulder with his. "Next time you want to kidnap me, be sure to bring better alcohol."
Mary heaves a sigh. “We’ll talk about it later. Come help me make breakfast since you’re here.”
She smiles wryly. “I only told him I thought you were interested in someone else. I think he thought I was insane. So, no, Dean, if he does by some chance know, it isn't from me.”
Castiel just scrutinizes him harder, and it makes Dean swallow nervously, his stomach doing a flip under the intense attention. “Are you okay?” Cas finally asks.
Charlie whistles lowly before tsking, "Touchy!"
The world spins around Castiel, a dizzying, beautiful, gratifying display of lights that he's never before experienced on any sort of high before this. With every touch and whispered word and breathless laugh, the butterflies in Castiel's stomach roar higher and higher. The experience - roses and candle light - the night - dancing and laughing and a wonderful dinner before it all - the partner - his perfect, sophisticated boyfriend who makes him laugh and never makes him feel odd or strange or different unless it was in a way that lifts him up - they are all perfect, everything Castiel ever could have asked for and more. It isn't until after that he realizes that just because everything is perfect, that doesn't mean it's
And Cas just can't stop laughing.
“What are you waiting for?” Kelly asks him once when he is visiting her. She remains in her garden more than she ventures out of it, though she does have loved ones here, has access to them.
Charlie frowns, and Dean immediately feels like crap again.
“Yes, here.” He gives Balthazar the small benefit of at least turning to face him now.
This is going to be how this story is told- alternating POVs of the same events. I recently read Dean Winchester is a Gay Virgin by bettydays (which, btw, if you haven't yet read, you should, as well as everything else she's ever written), which also uses the tactic. I fell in love with the idea and realized it was the perfect way I wanted to tell this story. Despite the overlap in content, though, I'm hoping it doesn't get too repetitive.
Cas can't even bring himself to care that people are staring as he watches Balthazar walk off.
Dean looks helplessly between the two of them. "Are you freaking serious?"
“Good,” Dean says, once his laughter is under control, “because Heaven or not, this place was kind of going to suck if you didn’t.”
Shaking his head and smiling, Dean says, “At this rate, he probably will. Guess it’s karma for picking on his so much, huh?”
Balthazar’s face immediately lights up when he sees Cas. “Cassie, hey! What a pleasant surprise! You never walk me to lunch.” He swings his arm around Cas’s shoulders, and Cas takes a moment to bask in the attention. Since the two of them spent the day together on Sunday, Cas is realizing just how content he is with the other boy, how happy. He was sure all his doubts were gone.
His face pinches into a frown. "Still, I'm sorry. That was rude of me."
She looks at him, looks away, sighs, and looks back. “Dean and Anna broke up.”
Taking a deep breath, Dean enters the cafeteria and steadfastly refuses to acknowledge the somersaults his stomach seems so intent on performing as he goes through the line and gets his food. When he sits at the table, the only ones there so far are Charlie and Dorothy, no Cas, Balthazar, or Anna in sight.
Castiel's whole face is red by this point. “I think... I think Balth and I...”
Dean has gone from just bordering on scarlet to a ghostly white, and Charlie adopts the most sympathetic expression she can, wrapping her free hand around his wrist and gently squeezing it in an attempt to offer comfort.
"Screw you, Dean!" Anna yells in the face of his amusement.
Cas chances a glance at his abandoned book, thinks on forgiveness and new beginnings, about how Dean is with Anna and ignored him all summer, and about how wonderful Balth has always been to him. “I want to see you,” he finally says around the quickly forming lump in his throat. “Can I see you?”
"Sorry, sorry, had to get the homework for Calculas," Castiel puffs, sliding into the passenger side.
Before she can say or do anything else, he sighs and says, “Lunch is going to be awkward, isn’t it?”
Jack, at least, seems adequately chastened. “I just thought maybe if would help you.”
he said he understood! It's Cas! He isn't going to tell you he's upset over something like that."
They spend the rest of the night getting high and drunk, and in the morning he's left wondering how he even made it home as he wakes up in his own bed with the hangover from Hell.
“It’s fine, Dean. You were having a bad night, one that I suspect involved alcohol and poor teenage decision making. You don’t need to apologize.”
Cas stares at him in confusion for a moment, brow pinched together and head tilted to the side. Finally, he offers a small smile and says, "Thank you, Dean. I hope so as well. And same to you and the others. Perhaps next time Balthazar and I will be able to join you all."
He still leads the way out of the school and to Balthazar’s parked car, staying a few steps ahead of Balthazar the whole time. He does, however, have to wait for Balthazar to unlock the car before he can get in, a fact which only spurs his ire. As soon as he’s able to, he throws himself into the passenger seat, slamming the door and crossing his arms over his chest, staring resolutely ahead.
"Cas's new boyfriend," Charlie singsongs in response.
, he would be able to say it had been exactly one hour and thirty-seven minutes). Anna is, surprisingly and unsurprisingly, absent (it's surprising in the sense that to see Dean without her is an oddity now-a-days, but unsurprising because perfect Anna Milton would never be caught dead at a place where underage students were drinking). Dean casually strolls up to them, high-fiving and greeting all the usual suspects along the way, and he seems so wholly unaware of what a bad friend he's been that it almost makes Cas's blood boil.
Anna raises an amused eyebrow. "Well someone's in a good mood this morning."
You can find me on
"Anna -"
“He’s pitiful, Cassie. You debase yourself by letting him hang off you.”
Uggghhhh, I'm so sorry! I haven't updated in like a million years, and now that I do, the chapter is so bad! I struggled so much with this! But... I tried, and I tried to fix it up as much as I could. I hope it appeases you guys at least a little!
When Cas makes it to his locker at the end of the day, he spies none other than Balthazar standing next to it.
"You damn smart kids and your crazy homework on the second day," Dean chides, wry smile on his face.
“Gay?” Dean asks, and Castiel nods, averting his eyes again. “Hey, look, that doesn't matter. You're my best friend, and I'm here for you, even if it's kind of weird. So,” he plasters on a smile that he hopes doesn't look too fake, “talk to me. We'll figure it out.”
She nods her head at his silence. "And how many times did you blow him off for Anna?"
The silence hangs heavy and suffocating, and Dean isn’t sure if she’s waiting to make sure he’s done talking or if she just has nothing to say. Tears prick the back of his eyelids again and he fights them back. He won’t cry again; he won’t!
Charlie watches him speculatively, slowly lowering the pillow. They have a brief staring match before Dean sighs in defeat, rubbing at his face tiredly.
And, well, point taken.
He’s cut off by Dean’s arms around him, Dean’s face buried in the space between his neck and shoulder. Slowly, carefully, nervously, Castiel raises his arms to stiffly return the hug.
Once the class ends, instead of walking with Charlie to the cafeteria as he normally would, Cas makes a bee-line for Balthazar’s fourth period classroom, hoping to catch him on the way to lunch. Luck is on his side, as he meets up with his boyfriend in the hallway.
And he tells Dean about how it wasn’t right, how he walked out after homecoming. Despite the cold, he feels warmed by Dean’s protectiveness when he think Balthazar was actually jerk enough to have kicked Cas out.
“We’ll figure it out,” she says, and it breaks him.
“It can’t be any worse than the floor of his room,” Charlie says.
“You’re avoiding me,” Castiel says simply.
Castiel doesn’t go to school the next day. It’s not like he’s ever made a habit of faking illness, so it doesn’t take more than telling his grandmother that he doesn’t feel well for her to send him back up to bed with a promise of soup delivery. Part of him thinks he should perhaps feel a little guilty for worrying her, for letting her take care of him when the only thing wrong with him is a bruised heart - not even a truly broken one. It’s short lived though, because when his grandmother brings him the soup - tomato with rice - she sits beside him on the bed, pushing his hair back from his forehead with a gentle, loving, eternally patient smile.
It’s all a miraculous sort of distraction, but as all good things do, it must come to an end. Eventually, people start to file out for long drives home. He assumes his grandmother will want to leave once clean up is over, and Castiel will once more be faced with the loneliness of his own room. He tries not to let it get to him, tries to hold onto and bask in the warm feeling that the evening has given him, the reprieve from his own life and personal struggles, but it clearly isn’t enough. If it was, Dean wouldn’t be asking him to stay.
Anna shakes her head softly. “I don't think so.”
“Cas, I-”
Dean sets down his fork. He doesn’t think he can have this conversation while he’s eating.
Cas tries not to grimace, but figures if he does he can just pull it off as a reaction to his headache and Charlie's rather violent display. "Why are you hitting me?"
She smiles prettily up at him. "I won't tell if you don't."
Finally, Cas sighs, looks down, and turns away just slightly, leaving Dean to admire his profile.
"You know one of those 'party poopers' is your girlfriend, right?"
She stares at him, and god damn if it doesn't feel like she's staring into his very soul. “Except that you're in love with someone else.”
At that, Dean looks expectantly at Cas, who finally takes his coat and puts it on, though he wears a confused expression the whole while.
She steps in, clutching her peach-colored, satin robe around her. “I thought you were staying at Dean’s last night,” she says.
"Where's Anna?" Charlie asks.
“The park, Dean?” Dean doesn’t have to look at Cas to know there’s finally a smile of some kind on his face.
, though neither does he add on
The world spins around Castiel, a dizzying, beautiful, gratifying display of lights that he's never before experienced on any sort of high before this. It isn't until after that he realizes that just because everything is perfect, that doesn't mean it's right.
“I know, Cas. Thanks,” Dean says. Castiel can hear the smile and the gratitude. That’s enough to ease his conscience and let him fall to sleep.
“You can’t possibly have thought this was going to end any other way.”
“Anna?” His voice is rough, voice cracking from disuse because shit like that always happens when things are already awkward enough. He clears his throat and tries again. “Anna, Cas doesn't know, does he?” He tries to ignore how his heart is up in his throat, beating faster than can possibly be healthy.
Cas bites his lip, the knots growing tighter. He loves Sam like a brother and doesn't want this to negatively impact their relationship. It may all be pointless worrying; after all, Sam has never treated Charlie any differently, but this is different. Castiel isn't a woman, after all.
It takes everything Cas has to bite his tongue, already loosened by the cheap booze, but he can't manage to stifle the glare. He knows Charlie and Dorothy are both waiting with baited breath to see how this plays out, wondering if they'll have to field a fight between the two.
"The only reason I know who he is at all is because he texted me the next morning. We've been talking all weekend."
"Oh..."
When he steps out onto the front porch, the door shut behind him, he finally lifts the phone back up to his ear. "Sorry about that. It ended up turning into a sleep over."
"What's so funny?" Mary asks as she walks in the room, just getting home from work.
She looks like she wants to say more, but thankfully doesn’t. Granted, no one else seems ready to say anything either, as they fall into a morose silence and Dorothy refuses to be helpful, instead just watching the both of them as she continues eating her lunch. They are graciously saved from the awkward by the arrival of Castiel and Balthazar, and Dean does his best to show his appreciation by trying not to glower at Balthazar.
(See the end of the chapter for
Anna bites her lip nervously, eyes downcast. "I just thought it might be nice to do it when we were all together, you know? We're all in relationships now, and just... I thought it might be nice."
"I'm just saying, it's been a really long time since we all hung out, you know? And Lisa's party
“No, I’m sorry,” Balthazar says, and it doesn’t sound the least bit spiteful or sarcastic, which takes Castiel aback. “It was your first time; that is a big deal. I should have stayed up and made sure you were okay. I was a shitty, selfish boyfriend.”
“Oh, honey, I don’t care about that,” she promises vehemently, and then she’s hugging him. He drops his hands from his face and hugs her back, letting the tremors of his sobs and anxiety work themselves out as his mom rubs his back, murmuring soft reassurances as he does so.
Dean just flips her the bird, grinning at her the whole while. "Like you're not."
Charlie regards him skeptically. "Does it by chance have something to do with a certain blue-eyed, dark-haired, genius boy?"
"You ever think we're insane?" Anna asks, not glancing up from her AP World History notes.
“What’s wrong?” he asks.
Cas smiles, and she smiles back, the tension from studying finally draining away.
He never returns to the lunch room. In fact, he doesn't approach anyone at all. It's Charlie who comes up to him at the end of the day as he's at his locker.
Far too giddy to even bother pretending bed is an option, Cas sits down on the steps leading up the porch and pulls out his phone. He's sure Charlie is dying to know all the details, and he's honestly dying to tell her about them.
Cas runs his hand down his face. “I’m sorry,” he says, “I panicked.”
Morning comes far more quickly than Castiel expects it to, especially considering he spends all night tossing and turning, far too amped up with excitement and nerves to get any proper kind of sleep. Even as Cas, Dean, and Charlie all convene around the center island of the Winchesters' kitchen, joking and laughing as they make a general mess in the process of cooking and eating breakfast, he isn't able to quell his jitters. He finds himself wondering if dating is supposed to make you this nauseated. He's pretty sure he's never seen Dean or Charlie turn green before a date (barring, of course, that time Charlie ate those bad oysters at the country club Gilda's parents were members of).
Cas shrugs a shoulder. “I need some time, I think, before I tell Dean.”
"Wonderful." Maybe it's just wishful thinking or transference, but Cas is fairly certain he can hear the smile in Balthazar's voice from across the line.
"See!" Charlie exclaims happily, delivering a friendly punch to his arm. "I told you it would all work out."
"Oh, we've heard aaalllll about you," Charlie titters.
Lifting her drink in a mock toast, Dorothy says, “Congratulations on recognizing your big, gay crush. I can’t believe it took you this long.”
And Cas supposes it does. "Did you send April to get me?"
“It would appear that way.”
When Castiel comes out of the library not two minutes later, Dean smiles brightly at him, can't help it, he's so relieved. A part of him had been worried Cas might blow him off, go hide in some other corner of the library.
She has the good graces to wince. "Yeah. That makes sense."
Charlie makes a sad attempt at a casual shrug. "Just... I don't know. Considering how lunch went yesterday, I thought maybe it would come up?"
Charlie, for her part, seems completely unashamed. "So what's he like!?"
("oh she didnt. Met april & she invited me" is the response Castiel gets when he asks, followed shortly by "but dont worry. I know it's a secret i'm supposed 2 take to the grave.")
He makes his exit, an excuse of going to the library falling out of his mouth. It’s not even an actual excuse, just a statement with no real explanation, and he knows he’ll have to answer for it eventually, but that will be later and this is right now.
“What the heck was that about at lunch?”
"You have no idea," Castiel groans.
Even as Dean is saying, "Maybe something is going around?" Charlie is shooting a skeptical look at Cas and Anna, but perfect Anna Milton's act is unshakeable.
“Oh, don’t act like you weren’t getting just as drunk as us,” Charlie retorts hotly.
Dean, never one to appreciate the finer art of subtlety, looks back at her incredulously. “What!?”
The memory has fallen away over time, become hazy and distant, almost unwanted for the pain and circumstances around it. Now it comes back to him vividly, forcefully, and it makes him cry more.
“Nothing,” she answers with that fake ass smile, and it sort of pisses him off. He’s used to Anna lying to a lot of people about a lot of things, but he usually isn’t one of them.
“You won’t,” Mary promises. “You two have been friends most all of your lives, you guys will be fine.” She leans down and kisses him on the crown of the head. “Now go pick out a movie while I clean up.”
He's quickly ripped out of his internal agonizing, and when he looks over to Cas, the guy is staring at him with his forehead scrunched up in concern.
“Yeah, I think I am,” Cas replies belligerently.
Charlie shakes her head. "Man, sometimes he's too smart for his own good."
? Dean didn't even know. Fuck, he
It's Thanksgiving, and with that brings turkey and a somewhat surprising admission from Cas.
“The world seems endless when you’re a child,” Castiel agrees, though there’s a distinct sadness to his voice.
“You know I’m here for you, right?” Castiel says. He hasn’t asked about the breakup, partly because he worries Dean will deem it something like a chick-flick moment, partly because he is somehow frightened to know just what happened, but Dean is still his best friend. If Dean wants to ignore it, Castiel will (gratefully) accept that, but it feels wrong not to make sure Dean knows he can talk about it if he wants to.
Dean's heart starts beating at double time. “Um... well... I don't... Why?”
“Is that really it?” Dean pressures.
It's like a rock has made it's home in Castiel's stomach as a hush falls over the table, a very large rock named
Castiel tries not to sulk at her or in her general direction, but from the muffled snickering that she’s obviously trying to cover as coughing, he assumes he doesn’t quite succeed in that.
Anna doesn't cower in the face of his wrath, instead she stares up at him, blue eyes like steel as her own anger swells up. "Dean Winchester," her voice is cold and hard, and this suddenly isn't the Anna he knows. This is a whole different Anna, someone strong and fierce, where his Anna has always been soft and collected. "You will under no circumstances speak to me like that." He opens his mouth to protest, apologize, say anything, but she cuts him off. "I don't know what the hell just got into you, but it's unacceptable. You really think you can just go around talking to strangers that way? Talking to
"His name is Balthazar."
He walks into the kitchen, watches as his mom bustles about.
Anna smiles up at him, and it almost looks sad. Dean's chest constricts painfully. “Not as much as some other things,” she says.
He shrugs again.
“Cas and I are going for a walk, we’ll be back in a little bit,” Dean calls out to whichever family member happens to hear him.
He doesn’t want to bring it up, had tried to convince himself he wasn’t going to before he came down here, but as it was, after all, the catalyst for this, Castiel eventually breaks the silence by saying, “You didn’t pray to me.” It comes out much more accusatory than he means for it to, less accusatory than he feels about it, but more than he intended to let on.
After a beat of silence, Cas says, “I get the distinct feeling I’m missing something.”
Cas and Balthazar are hanging out after school that Thursday, homework spread across the table. It’s quiet in the house, Balthazar’s parents not yet being home from work, and Cas can feel the tension between them. They haven’t had any substantial time alone in a few weeks now, which wasn’t by design until it was. He knows Balthazar is getting frustrated by it, can feel the tension between them like a physical barrier. Shamefully, Cas doesn’t particularly feel like even trying to reach through that barrier - it’s possible he’s the one reinforcing it, or that he built it in the first place. Either way, he’s been wondering how long it could last.
He settles an unamused look on her.
And he hates to admit it, but when he actually thinks about it, he realizes he actually hasn't
"Charlie," Anna begins, "If you're interested, and if you and Dorothy are free tomorrow, maybe you two, Dean, and I could all go on a double date while Balthazar and Cas enjoy their first?"
Dean doesn't stay much longer, suddenly altogether not in the partying mood. He was managing without Anna by his side, but now with Cas pissed at him, he isn't managing anything. Without evening having one beer, he climbs back into his car and heads straight home, curling up in his bed (thankfully, no one is still awake to question what he's doing home so early). He contemplates texting Anna, but decides against it. She's probably busy doing her brainiac thing, and Dean doesn't want to get in the way of that. It's a pounding reminder that he isn't good enough for two of the people he cares most about.
"So that must have been some bug, huh?" Charlie asks, sliding into her seat next to Cas. AP Physics is one of the only classes the two share together (the other being AP Calculus, last class of the day).
Charlie and Cas exchange another quick look before Charlie says, aiming for casual, "Was just asking Cas what he and Balthazar are planning to do tomorrow."
He steps back, laughter subsiding. "Anna, I was trying to see if Cas was calling."
Anna gives no response beyond a slight twitch and tightening of her mouth.
"No! I won't wait!"
Dean reaches across the space between them to lightly punch Cas in the shoulder. “Hey, it’s nothing. You know I’m here for you.”
He grabs a pen from the junk drawer and flips the paper over, leaving his own note about how he’s going over to Dean’s and will probably spend the night. He leaves it rather short and sweet, figuring she can always call him or the Winchesters later if there’s any sort of problem. After all, he isn’t lying about where he’ll be this time.
Dorothy rolls her eyes. "Yeah, in breaking into the school records to change your grades."
Castiel smiles coyly at her. "So what?"
He catches up to her easily and places a hand on her shoulder. When she turns around and glares at him like she wants to set him on fire, he immediately pulls back.
Heaving a sigh, he formulates the least incriminating version of the story possible. "I met someone Friday night."
Charlie sits down beside him and hooks her arm through his. “Hey, what's wrong? Where's Anna?”
Namely, a very discontented boyfriend. Balthazar, for his part, has tried to be understanding, Castiel knows this, and if Castiel were better, fairer, kinder, he would love him all the more for it. Unfortunately, Castiel is finding that he doesn’t love his boyfriend at all, isn’t even sure that he wants to continue down this path with him (if he’s having a moment of incredible honesty with himself, he’s sure he doesn’t want to). So really, Castiel kind of resents how understanding Balthazar is being, wishes he would pick a fight. It would give Castiel some kind of excuse to end the relationship that maybe wouldn’t leave Cas feeling like a selfish SOB. But no, he had to go and pick a nice one. Aren’t all first relationships supposed to suck?
It's about another two hours later when Anna texts him back saying, "not feeling well. Gonna stay in bed. sry."
“Really, that’s the attitude you’re going to take?” Balthazar demands.
, so he goes.
“Cas -”
“He’s a growing boy, Dean,” Castiel chides.
Castiel's smile is brilliant, reaching up and turning on a light in his eyes. "Definitely."
Summer before senior year is a surprisingly lonely one for Castiel. He spends most of it sitting at home, rereading postcards from his wayward mother. Charlie does her best to see him as much as she can, but between her normal travels with her family and the time she dedicates (most understandably) to her girlfriend Dorothy, it isn't as much as either of them would like. Dean, however, basically falls off the face of the planet in the couple of months that they aren't in school. He'd begun dating the unequivocally perfect Anna Milton towards the end of junior year, and, as such, has been up her ass ever since. He barely so much as speaks to Cas all summer, and the couple of times they do make plans, Dean bails last minute to go see Anna, with nothing more than a shot out text of "You understand."
"Bull!" she proclaims and exits the car, making a show of slamming the door. Dean would yell at her for it if she wasn't justified.
“I’m sorry, Cassie.”
Unfazed, Castiel responds, "I believe that would be the Egyptians."
talk to
Charlie and Dorothy help Dean fully realize and come to terms with the fact that he does, in fact, have big, gay feelings for Castiel.
"I'm not busy, geeze."
Once Balthazar is enclosed in the car with him, he growls, “So talk.”
Her expression turns pitying. "Dean, it's okay to be upset that you guys are fighting, you know. You've been best friends since we were four, and I can probably count on one hand the number of fights you guys have been in since then."
She shrugs, taking another hit off the joint before passing it to him. "It works in a pinch."
“Can we just… I’ll call you this weekend and tell you about it, okay? I could probably use some advice on this anyway,” he finally says, and it’s not a lie. He really would appreciate Charlie’s input on this, he realizes. He probably shouldn’t have been trying to take this all on alone to begin with.
When she doesn't start speaking again, Dean prompts, “Except that?”
"Really? Then when was the last time you saw him?" Charlie puts her hands on her hips in an expression of
And Castiel wants to argue, but how can he? How many times has he run from Dean when Dean so clearly was reaching for him. To Castiel, somehow, running had become the de facto answer.
His appetite is gone, but he sits with his friends all the same. He thinks maybe, by some miracle, that he can do this. He even finds himself forgetting, for a moment, laughing along at all the good-natured teasing and talking. It’s nice and distracting. At least until Charlie asks where Balthazar is.
Dean stares straight ahead, eyes widening in shock. “I love Cas,” he says quietly to himself. Then, turning to Charlie and desperately grabbing her shoulders, he reiterates, “Holy shit, Charlie! I love Cas!”
And of course, this is the reason Cas couldn't stay mad at perfect, beautiful Anna Milton. He's known Anna long enough and well enough to know she isn't really a deceitful harpy, despite how much her double life might imply it.
Finally, Dean says, "Driver picks the seating arrangement, backseat shuts her cakehole."
"Who's Balthazar?" he asks.
"Good morning, Balthazar."
also seems to have impeded the functioning of Castiel's vocal cords, as all he can do it stare, wide-eyed, back at Dean.
After spending most all of Sunday watching movies and hanging with his mom, Dean almost feels fully himself again. He even spends the evening playing video games with Sammy. And any lingering malaise? He can totally pass that off to his dad and brother as being bummed about the break up. At some point, Charlie texts to check up on him, and it isn’t a lie when he tells her he’s doing okay. All in all, he goes to bed that night in a much better mind-set than the one in which he woke up. None of this changes the fact that he wakes up on Monday with a what feels like a rock in his gut.
“Well, I do hate to hear that for them,” Balthazar says, and he does seem to mean it.
, Charlie. I was mad that he lied," Dean responds through gritted teeth, all but spitting out the other boys name as though it leaves a foul taste in his mouth.
He backs down a bit in the face of a pissed off Bradbury (because damn if Charlie didn't get her mother's temper). "What!?" Because really? What the hell is going on here?
Dean laughs humorlessly before dragging his hand down his face. “Fuck, Cas. What the hell?”
Still, he can’t help but wonder what happened. Anna has never explicitly avoided him before, no matter which social setting they found themselves in. She may not be as close to him as Charlie and Dean are, but she’s still pretty damn near it.
"Yes."
They stand in silence, and things shouldn’t be allowed to be this awkward in Heaven. Of course, Cas isn’t sure why he thinks that - he’s had plenty of awkward moments in Heaven before, both pre-Winchester and post.
Somehow, breakups seem to be hard even when you aren’t the one whose relationship ended. At least, this is what Castiel decides on the way home from school while he’s sitting in the passenger seat of Dean’s car. The air isn’t exactly thick between them, and it isn’t what he would call awkward, but yet there is still something there that just seems off about them. It’s a little less noticeable once Sam joins them, but Cas can still feel it, lurking overhead.
“Dean!”
Charlie just frowns before shooting Dean another look, this one a little more loaded than the last.
With a sigh, he confesses, “Balthazar and I broke up.”
He retrieves Castiel’s coat from the hall closet and offers it to his friend. Cas looks at him in confusion.
“So how was everyone’s weekend?” Balthazar asks almost as soon as he’s seated. Castiel’s face screws up and he looks almost like he wants to face plant directly into his tray, Charlie’s eyes go wide as saucers as she squeaks a little, and Dorothy’s eyes just roll up to the sky like she is so over all of them and almost maybe praying to be done with all of this.
He sends back, “no y?”
“He is still waiting,” Jack tells him once.
“Balthazar and I broke up.”
He feels wretched. Balthazar doesn’t deserve this, but Cas is just too scared to let go.
“Cassie,” Balthazar begins, voice cracking in the way voices always seem to do in awkward moments when words have been unsaid for too long. He clears his throat before continuing, “I know you’re likely to be busy over the holiday, but is there any chance, do you think you’ll be free to hang out? You aren’t going out of town, right?”
Castiel swallows around the sudden lump in his throat and assures her, "I'm not even sure what there is to forgive, but of course I do. And I promise I won't talk to Dean about it."
"Dean, how was your weekend?" Castiel asks, not letting the awkward lull that wants to fall into the conversation happen. He's not sure why he's so desperate to cover for Anna, except that he guesses he's also covering for himself. He doesn't think he can feel more like the scum of the Earth.
The rest of the day goes well, other than a minor hiccup during lunch where Dean had to bite his tongue lest he say something rude to Balthazar. Something about the way the guy just sauntered up, say next to Cas, and wrapped his arm around him made Dean's blood boil. Obviously, it was best friend instinct. Balthazar wasn't right for Cas, and it bothered Dean that his best friend didn't see he deserved better. Still, he made it through, and now he found himself in the parking lot, waiting on Cas.
Castiel smiles, as well, offering a small nod in agreement before Dean walks out of the library, hands stuffed in his pockets and feeling about ten pounds lighter already.
