to get out of clothing.
thanking you for that.” Novak grates out, and pushes past him to go confer with Jo about zoom numbers, or labour numbers, or whatever the fuck.
Cas’s mouth is too busy to respond, his hands an iron grip on Dean’s hips, but when he looks up at Dean, his eyes are smiling. Then he does something with his tongue, and Dean convulses.
It really says something that not a single member of the staff is astonished or alarmed by the accident, they just adjust their course to go around it.
“We’re trying to keep the number of pulls below 15% of cars, Winchester, so next time at least try to get the food ready on time.”
His eyes fly open, his brain hardly believing what he’s hearing. He just keeps replaying Novak’s deep voice telling him he’s
It’s a really good day.
Jensen smiles, mischief dancing in his eyes as he takes another sip of coffee. “Yep.”
Dean doesn't even try to stop himself from leaning up to kiss the man he loves.
Cas finds a way to make it up to him anyway.
Dean is so close to dissolving back into laughter. “Cas, we- Jesus Christ. The fandom talked about Jensen’s sexy silence on the finale so much that
He strokes Cas through his orgasm until his head flops forward onto Dean’s shoulder, his body now limp and soft.
Dean knows that Sam noticed the bloody handprint on his sleeve in the bunker, but didn’t ask about it.
As Dean’s falling asleep, he thinks he might be crazy, but the radio silence between him and Castiel feels less like an ignoring one and more like an unsurprised one. He’s not sure what to think about it.
“That was… so good. You’re perfect, Dean.” Cas reassures. “I just didn’t want to come yet.”
snaps Dean out of his unthinking obedience and restraining order plans.
“Uh.” He says eloquently.
Dean gracelessly sits up and pushes himself back to his feet now staying still as he peels off the rest of his now-damp clothing. He looks back at Cas as he’s trying to peel off his socks, while also trying not to fall on the wet floor again, and Cas has his hand over his mouth, clearly trying to reign in his amusement.
“You will not rush me, Dean Winchester. I am going to take my time with this. With you.”
“Okay first, give a guy some warning first, you scared the shit outta me. And second, if you haven’t noticed,” he raises his hand to gesture at the screen above his head that shows a completely empty drive thru, “there have been zero cars for the last 5 minutes, and I am bored. So, I’m going on my phone, thank you very much.”
Dean Winchester that he loved him. He’ll never be able to understand that, Dean thinks.
“You… kept the jacket? All this time? Actually, to be fair, I’m not sure exactly how long it’s been, but it’s been more than a day or two, right?”
“Well, uh, yeah. I mean, you’re always on top of everything, and you always kinda know what to do? I’m not saying you’re not an asshole 80% of the time, but at least you’re a competent asshole.”
Also my friends would have screamed at me, so.
“You bet your ass I did,” Dean agreed, a self-assured smile on his face as he gazes at Cas from on top of his chest.
Dean smiles, mostly to himself. Yeah, life’s good, he thinks.
He slows, before calling out, “Hey, asshole!”
Dean frantically frees one of his hands from Cas’s hair to tap his shoulder and warn, “Ca- Cas… I’m gonna come, I’m-”
“No problem, sweetheart.”
to give him up, so there’s definitely no favours happening there. Dean walks for another mile, or another 6 meters, or another three oceans. He can’t tell.
He takes a breath, then croons along to Heart’s vocals, “Cold, late night so long ago, when I was not so strong, you know.” He pitches his voice low, syruping over the lower registers as he sings, “A pretty man came to me, I never seen eyes so blue. You know I-”
“No,” Cas grunts, grabbing Dean’s wrist once again, and this time forcefully pinning it above his head, not letting go. “You are not coming yet. Only when I say so.”
The fuck does that mean.
And then he feels Cas’s finger slowly press into him. Dean tries to push back on his finger, but a firm hand on his hip now prevents any movement of that kind.
Dean reminds himself.
Cas slowly pushes in, and Dean feels… he
not going to survive this. He can’t even form words at this point to tell Cas that this is by far the hottest thing he’s ever seen, never mind been a part of.
Dean looks at the empty space in front of him. He thinks back to just a few minutes ago when Cas was simply helping him outrun Death, not dying from happiness because of Dean.
“Shit, Cas, okay.”
This is his fault.
I'm also on Tumblr
“Is this- does it have to do with Cas? You still haven’t told me what happened to him.”
“I’m… sorry? I didn’t know this would have such an effect on you. But also,” he pauses, seemingly for dramatic effect, “our break is over.”
“If you say one more word, I swear I’m going to slap you so hard that even
He wasn’t even able to close the laptop when he finally got up from the table, the weight of Cas's hand on his shoulder still electronically immortalized on the screen.
They’re still together. Alone, but together. The concept of being right beside the other, yet physically separated by immeasurable distance, isn’t even new to him.
it's from the demon dagger that Dean buried there all those years ago -down the length of Cas’s body as he’s still smiling and still crying tears of happiness. The blood keeps seeping out, past Dean, still standing frozen across from Cas, unable to speak to him even just in his own mind.
{AngelOfThursday}
, impossible blue eyes are already focused on Dean when he looks over, and Jesus, that is not helping the fact that he’s trying to string together a sentence at the moment. Is it just him or is Castiel’s features less icy and impersonal than they were the last time Dean saw him?
heard him swear before. Which is probably for the best, because if that had happened in any other situation, Dean doesn’t know what he would have done. Faint, probably.
“Are you fucking with me right now, Sam? Cause if you are I swear I’m gonna fucking deck you.”
“Don’t ever call me Novak again, you understand?”
{Impala67}
Dean has his eyes trained at the corner of the grill where he disappeared 10 minutes ago, so he doesn’t miss it when Novak comes tearing around the corner to skid to a stop with an astonished look on his face, and yep, there’s the blush.
Lisa chuckles, smiling at his ranting. “Well, maybe some people just want a cold drink without it being too sweet?”
“You changed me, Dean.”
Castiel knows he's watching him.
“Cool.”
“Just pull the car to wait for it, Charlie. Kevin’s got a bunch for delivery.”
the vibrations of his hum.
“Hi sweetheart.”
the air as it leaves Novak’s mouth and hits his own lips. He might be dying. The last thing he’s ever going to see is the impossible blue of Novak’s eyes, and he can’t help but think it’d be a fucking amazing last sight.
“Cas…” Dean warns, still smiling.
He has no idea how long he spends on that cold floor selfishly thinking of nothing but Cas's last words to him. Dean isn’t aware of anything around him but the space Cas used to occupy.
mouth in that dungeon, it’s nothing to even remotely make light of.
Dean grimaces. Obviously he’s overjoyed that Jensen has the rights to Supernatural now, and that he’s already announcing more content for the show, he’s just… hesitant about the reaction to the announcement.
Cas says nothing, just lays now-soft and gentle kisses on Dean’s neck, but Dean thinks he can feel the curve of Cas’s smile into his skin, too.
to help, “Sam, come on, I just- I need to be close, okay? I’ve spent way too long not close enough and I-”
Cas rewards his fumbling with a slow smile as he unzips Dean’s pants and pulls them and his underwear down to pool at his knees. Cas then proceeds to waste zero time before swallowing Dean down, hands like steel on Dean’s hips, forcing them still.
- All I Want by Kodaline
He opens the laptop. It takes a few moments, but then the stark image of Dean and Cas facing each other fills the screen.
“Oh.” And then Dean’s not sure how to go about things from here. So thankfully, that’s when Cas decides to swoop in and save the conversation.
And with that wonderfully elaborate speech, he turns to the crew room to grab his stuff, and doesn’t look back.
They don’t even
The Empty reaches out, and takes Cas away from him for the last time.
wanted- wanted for as long as he can remember Cas.
Huh. It never occurred to him that maybe other people weren’t as terminally online as he is, and might need some help getting caught up. God, he remembers the days after November 5th- when he really started spending time on this hellsite- and he had to decipher everything himself. The experience should have earned him a spot on the Enigma-decoding team if he does say so himself.
Didn't Billie say that the next time he or Sam died she would throw them into the Empty? Dean thinks he’d like that- he thinks he could find Cas somewhere in the void.
The meta,
Relief courses through him like a flash flood. Oh, Charlie is gonna be so proud to know he did not, in fact, do anything to screw things up.
“Are you being serious right now?” Novak has to be fucking with him.
Dean thinks.
Dean blushes at that, and would normally feel embarrassed or uncomfortable at Cas's words if he had never thought he’d get to hear them again.
This time, Novak does turn around, glaring at Dean. As he opens his mouth, Garth- the grill manager at the moment, calls out from the grill, “We’re waiting on reg meat, Castiel. Gonna be a bit,” before immediately turning around to start on a McChicken.
” Cas still has his arm pinned above his head, and Dean really isn’t sure how much more of this he’s going to be able to take. He feels like he is one thread being snapped away from shattering the seams of his body and floating away forever on a memory of pleasure.
Of course, when he returns to the front with the box, Cas is already back running for drive thru, the perfect picture of focused professionalism. If Dean hadn’t watched him come three minutes ago, he’d never think anything had happened.
After reading the text message, Dean scoffs and violently closes the Messages app on his phone. This fucking robot of an exec has
It’s barely five minutes later when Dean is making five Oreo McFlurries, four of them already lined up on the counter and ready to go in the delivery bag, when he sees Novak walking purposefully towards him.
Dean certainly doesn’t want to. He wraps his arms around the resting man on his chest and presses a kiss to the top of his head.
The first post he sees is nothing but a key smash. Oh this can’t be good. The second post is, in all caps,
still a mouthy employee.”
Dean gets the feeling that there’s definitely more that AngelOfThursday requires clarification on, but Dean leaves it be for now. He starts to type out the backgrounds of the words, but then begins to think better of it. Op might not want people typing whole ass definitions in the notes, after all.
“Yeah.”
“I’m going to promise you something, okay? I’m going to promise you that I am not going to leave you, not once, not ever, for as long as you want me to. Loneliness can fuck off, Cas, forever. ‘Cause like I said, you’re stuck with me now, sunshine.”
, please, oh god,” he keens, and maybe now Dean understands the allure of his first name being moaned out instead of his last name.
Dean ignores his threats of itchy violence and bodily pushes past Sam, Cas trailing behind him. Not too far away, though, still connected at the fingers. “Yeah, yeah, yeah. Try not to have a conniption while you’re out, okay? I’m
“Well that’s because
Chaos on Tumblr, as per usual. #dezriel is trending number two thanks to Chad Lindburg and the apparent wedding he’s hosting. Surely there’s no way this can end badly. Nope, not at all.
Dean sits in front of the TV, stupefied at the horrible end result of the confession scene.
The show ended over 6 months ago and the fandom is
Dean would say something sarcastic back, no matter how sparkly and happy the praise makes him feel, but his mouth is currently occupied at the moment. He looks up at Cas through his lashes with what he hopes is a hungry gleam in his eyes. He swirls his tongue around the head just as Cas looks down at him, and Dean thinks that the memory of Cas releasing a punched-out breath as he gazes down at him is going to burn bright in his mind for the rest of his days.
“Um, I probably should have asked first before stealing your drink, huh?” he chokes out, now very much aware of the fact that the shake is only half full, and he didn’t take
“Cas, god, I’m sorry. I’m
“I know about dead Steve Yockey the same way I know about the Jensen Ackles long con, the Deacon and Caz wedding, gunshot truthing, the CW sniper, and the dezricule in general. I know because you told me.”
This immortal, awe-inspiring creature of unfathomable power is smiling as he greets his death.
“Of course there’s nothing wrong with being close, Dean. But this is just stifling. You want to figure this out as soon as possible, right? Well, I promise I’ll be able to go through this faster with some quiet.”
Cas smiles at him, tears still in his beautiful eyes. At the sight, Dean feels unrestrained by anything on the planet. Not by the warmth of the sheets between them, not by the floor and walls of his apartment, not by the time ticking by in his room, not by the light of the sun, not by gravity, not anything.
And again, Dean finds himself counting to ten in his head, trying to calm down. Logically, he knows he should avoid snapping at Castiel-middle-name-strict-Novak, no matter how much he wants to tell the arrogant asshole off. It shouldn’t even be legal for someone so hot to be so
He glances at the screen, double checking to see that he did, in fact, not make the Oreo McFlurry that the car outside the second window- where people are supposed to get their food- are waiting.
{Impala67}
in return, but being allowed to say how you feel?” Dean finally twists to face Sam, asking but not looking for an answer. “Do you remember the days when he didn’t feel anything? All he did was follow orders, but at least he was still alive then. He was an angel, immortal, all powerful, Sam, and I- I still managed to wreck him.”
Cas smiles, reaching his other, non-load bearing hand to Dean’s face, gently tracing the lines of his skin. Dean feels like a cat in the sun at the soft attention.
“Hm. Yes. Please.”
they reach out even more. Gentle, comforting touches of lips that slowly delve into needy, hot presses of tongue, teeth, and hands in a mad scramble to see who can get the other even closer, who can get the other to make louder moans, who can make it more impossible for the other to pull away.
Dean pulls away to start walking (read: dragging) Cas in the right direction back to his apartment, and Cas laughs, not unkindly, at his actions. He only lets Dean get a few steps before freeing his sleeve from Dean’s grasp and threading his fingers with Dean’s instead.
Every step, every stretch of muscle was so perfectly executed, and so obviously aware of every other person in the vicinity that Dean isn’t completely sure he didn’t drool at the sight of such incredible awareness and competence. Things, of course, didn’t get better for him as soon as the body turned around to reveal the face that would haunt his dreams and thoughts for months to come.
They’re still down on what passes for the ground of the Empty and wrapped around each other, and they wouldn’t move to change it for the world, but that doesn't mean a lot to them, Dean thinks, because they are each other’s world. He finally shatters the warm silence of each other’s presence. “Ya know I thought I’d never find you. There was just- no way to see
Novak bites his lip, pulling it between his teeth before smoothing over it with his tongue. Dean chokes out a moan that Novak swallows down because
“It’s very much not morning anymore,” Cas corrects, but is now smiling, too. “Morning was when we met Jensen at the cafe, it has to be at least 5pm by now, Dean.”
if they aren’t some of the funniest people Dean’s ever known. They’re also all deserving of Master degrees in queer representation and media analysis, Jesus Christ. They make philosophers and scientists look uneducated and clueless.
He’s still staring into the bowl as he strips the jacket off and carefully passes it to Sam, only looking to make eye contact when Sam reaches out to grasp it; a clear threat in his gaze that Sam better use the utmost care with it. It is the last part Dean has of Cas, and that carries immeasurable value.
He takes another second to do a brief deep breathing exercise while Novak takes his own sip from the shake- being much more quiet and subtle about it compared to Dean.
Fucking finally. He’s free. Dean is about to leave so quickly that there’s definitely going to be skid marks on the tiled floor. He peels the headset off and searches around for the poor soul tasked with taking over for him.
. Your telephone number? Come on, a hot guy like you has gotta have one to give to me, right?”
He doesn’t answer Dean’s question right away, instead opting to cup Dean’s cheek in his hand and slowly swipe his thumb over his cheekbone, the drugging emotion between them changing from lust to comfort in under a second.
In the middle of the spiraling space, there’s an unknown in it’s center- a black hole that no matter how hard or how long Dean looks at it, it doesn’t give him any answers. It doesn’t bend or accommodate for any unnatural forces, no matter how confident in its outside power. Dean is helpless to resist the allure of that endless void, that lack of anything that holds in its void the possibility of everything. It could give him everything, and it could also doom him to eternity in darkness. Alone.
He doesn’t know how much longer he has to keep waiting and moving forward through time before he receives gratification. It could be one more day, it could be a month. He doesn’t know, and he thinks maybe it is for the best. It takes enough out of him to keep going, never mind worryingly about how
Charlie interrupts Dean’s self-reflection to brutally remind him that no matter where he wants to be, he currently is at work, taking drive thru orders and making the drinks and ice cream for it as well. “Dean, did you get the Flurry? The car’s at my window.”
“Uh, right,” Dean stammers, apparently only able to manage single syllable words at the moment. “Okay. Bye.”
that all we’re going to do about this situation is maintain radio and company silence until everyone just forgives and forgets about this Spanish dub situation.”
“You too, Cas, you- you’re amazing, holy shit.”
Dean thinks he should be able to add that particular accomplishment to his resume; making Castiel (former hardass), Novak say his name like that.
Dean can’t see everything from his position on his stomach, so it’s a very pleasant surprise when Cas grips the back of his upper thighs and slowly, slowly,
“Why do you and Castiel always call each other by your last names? No one else does, and they’re not even listed on the crew sheets- only the first initial. I wouldn’t know anyone’s if you and Castiel didn’t… spit them at each other.”
“Later, love. Right now I want food.”
{Impala67}
It doesn’t help that the space where they take orders for Lane 2, make all the drinks, and hand out the food is cramped, to say the least. It’s one meter wide and maybe three long, the edge of the drink counter on one side, the presenting space on the other, and of course the window to hand out the food through at the end. Dean feels like he’s going out of his mind. Charlie is taking orders beside him, and Novak is giving out the food on the other side, so he can’t help but listen to his voice every time he greets a customer and hands them their food and drinks.
He’s still smiling.
Cas locks his ankles together above the swell of Dean’s ass, nudging him forward. “I’ll be better once you come.”
against Cas's mouth, the feeling of him so close to Dean incredibly overwhelming. Cas lets out a helpless sigh against Dean’s mouth and he takes the opportunity to press his tongue between Cas's lips, taking the opportunity to map out his mouth like he’ll never get to again. It’s not an unreasonable thought, Dean reminds himself.
“Well, duh. I already knew that.”
Sam squints at Dean like what he said is completely insane. Totally incomprehensible. “Yeah… of course I’m here. I wouldn’t just leave you and the spell. Why- where else would I be?”
Sam smiles gratefully at him, and with that, he begins to recite the incantation.
This place is borderline incomprehensible to anyone who doesn’t treat the dezricule like the morning newspaper. Sympathy immediately seizes him, and he types his reply out. He huffs a laugh as he registers the url- clearly a play on the fact that Cazriel is the angel of Tuesday. It’s endearing, he finds.
“Oh. Well,” Dean leans down to take another quick sip before pushing it back over to him. “We might as well share now, right?”
He doesn’t know what possesses him, since he normally doesn’t scroll through the notes, but he decides to leave a comment.
7:59:59
He isn’t selfless. All he wants is to be
about Dean blaming himself, and this
“Cursed or not.”
Sam rolls his eyes so hard Dean’s surprised they don’t permanently get stuck in the back of his head. “Oh, great. Now instead of being stupid and insufferable, you guys are going to be gross and insufferable. Can’t wait. Hey, you know what? I’m actually just gonna go real quick and invest in some really good headphones, okay? Maybe a ‘get well soon card’. Some itching powder. A foghorn.” Sam throws a thumb over his shoulder, clearly trying to indicate that he’s going to get on this shopping run right away.
of pillow talk. I’ve just- never done it before. Plus, this show is what brought us together, have more respect for it in bed.”
“I’m fine, Sam.” Dean’s eyes don’t glance up from the screen to see that it’s a peanut butter and jelly (not jam) sandwich that Sam pushes toward him. It’s probably for the best.
“Yeah, yeah, okay. Sure. You think I look nice. Now you go back to your shower, let me have my fun on this hellsite.”
“I can’t just tell him how I feel because even I don’t know how I feel. What, I’m just gonna say, ‘So, I know we only hooked up in the bathroom at work once, and I’m still not a hundred percent sure you’re not pissed at me for something, but I was wondering if you would kindly never leave me again? Please? Oh, and also I’m pretty sure I’m in love with you.’ That’s not going to work, Charlie!”
Dean ponders it, and concludes that there probably were some new emotions invented tonight.
Dean would rather make
As what he thinks time is, goes on, Dean slowly begins to recollect more and more of his nightmares during what he called the time of lucidity and not unconsciousness. It starts out with just the briefest memory of Cas's face, and then slowly a flash or two of what was happening in his subconscious, and then eventually he’s able to recollect every horror he dreams about. Brutal, terrible things happen to him, to Cas, to both of them sometimes, and he doesn’t begrudge his brain one second for the hallucinations.
All of a sudden, the kisses along his neck change from bruising to soft, needy to slow. His lips gently trail along his neck, up to his jaw, where Novak breathes, “And you are funny and smart and
“I see now. Yes, that is very humorous. There’s just one issue, though.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. All I did was simply redirect the question to the most qualified person present to answer it. Which, in case you aren’t aware, is you.”
When Dean wakes up, slowly and with just the right amount of soreness, it takes him a moment to realize Cas isn’t where he was when they fell asleep. He didn’t go far, though. All Dean has to do is turn his head a bit to the left to see Cas, with his right arm propping up his head, gazing down at Dean with unrestrained emotion.
Dean doesn’t hesitate in walking through the opening once Sam nods that the summoning is stable. Through this black hole that just got everything it wanted- to consume
Kevin just grunts and pushes past him, presumably to go take out one of their coworkers with the heavy box.
“J2 fallout confirmed, sweetheart.”
“Well hello, Novak. Fancy running into you here.”
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean whines, thoroughly overflowing with affection. He leans up to kiss Cas, slow and hot, trying to pull him as close as possible as their tongues swipe against each other. He moves away from Cas’s mouth to kiss along his jaw (Dean definitely could cut glass on it if he wanted to), and then all down his throat.
Time to go back to work.
“Thank fuck. Jesus Christ, who orders eight extra large four and fours? They should be paying extra for this shit,” Dean complains as he and Novak scramble to fill all the coffee cups and fit them with lids before the car pulls up to the second window.
He closes his eyes. Or maybe they were already closed, he’s not sure. He thinks of Cas's face, illuminated by warm light. Looking at Dean in a situation that isn’t his last, eyes shining with the hidden knowledge of a thousand worlds and civilizations behind them, all a secret. Cas is unknowable, but Dean knows he tried to be known by him.
Dean’s about to just log off before he can learn any more cursed information, but he pauses on the post again before he can clear the app. Goddamn it. He taps on the op’s account and hits follow.
The meeting ends some two centuries later, Dean proud to have managed to be in Castiel’s presence for so long and somehow not burst into flames. He makes a quick exit from the meeting, and the further and further he walks away from the conference room and everyone in it, the more relaxed he feels. The more distance, the better.
Dean is scrolling on Tumblr- like he always is nowadays- when he comes across a post that makes him snort so hard he isn’t sure a piece of his brain isn’t in his throat.
“I’m perfectly okay, Sam, I even seem to have gotten my Grace back as well, which is now allowing me to sense that there is a… new Creator here. Oh, I see now. Jack has no power over the Empty, but he was able to give me my Grace after I returned.” The corners of Cas's mouth turn up. “Jack says hello, and that he’s glad everyone is home now. He’s very busy, but he’s relieved we’re all safe and happy.”
“Can I just get one more thing, handsome?”
have a $2 coffee delivered to them that will probably be cold by the time it gets there? It makes
{AngelOfThursday}
He doesn’t think he’s been loved as much as he is now.
He pauses in his scrolling to look up from his screen and fully immerse himself in his self-reflection. He often wonders how he got so lucky in life- to be able to have such an amazing job that allows him to connect with what is easily the most amazing fandom on the entire Earth. No matter how painful or terrible the show actually is, Dean’s certain that it’s all worth it just for the experience of sharing the show with the fans. Members of the dezricule or not.
He also doesn’t have Cas’s number, so his only other option is to try and hunt him down. He’s not at that point of desperation yet, though.
Needless to say, of all the things he was expecting, Jensen wanting both of their opinions on a Supernatural reboot was so far off the list it was barely even a concept. He should have known, honestly. Being anywhere in the vicinity of the show and it’s fandom basically ensures that any new development and drama is going to hit you like a goddamn truck going a couple thousand miles an hour.
He tries to keep the direction he had when he first stepped through, but the second he glanced around and the blackness closing around him on all sides, he was lost. There was nothing. Not one thing. Dean can’t tell if his eyes are open or closed; there’s no disconcernable difference. He could be as tall as the Eiffel Tower or as short as an ant or even upside down right now and he would never know because he can’t tell how far he is from whatever makes up the ground in the Empty. There’s some symbolism there, he thinks. He spent so long contemplating the tightrope he was walking before, always looking down and never forward, and now here he is, unable to do anything but move forward in a place he can’t see anything when he does look down.
He tries not to let the sadness and resignation creep into his tone, but he suspects some slipped in anyway. Out of the corner of his eye, he thinks he sees Castiel’s head tilt a little, his posture becoming just a touch less severe. Maybe the stick up his ass slid out a few inches. Who knows?
“You are going to pass this verification and become the hottest, most stuck up manager at that McDonald’s, I promise you. Even if it’s just for a few months until you get your placement for your degree.”
Twenty minutes later, just as he’s finishing up brewing a pot of decaf, he steps over to the magnetic fridge to grab a marker to write the time on it, and when he turns back around, Novak is there. And he’s picking up the pot Dean just brewed.
weird but absurdly compelling stuff about Cazriel and Deacon, and Dean still hasn’t received a text. He goes back to scrolling and wonders how the hell this actually became his job.
“You ever been on Supernatural Twitter? Tumblr? Oh, god,” Dean lets out a brief laugh. “If I could show those assholes back there the fandom on Tumblr…”
“Jack’s getting them. I didn’t want to walk all the way over there.”
The fucker doesn’t even have to turn around or stop what he’s doing to check said schedule on the wall like anyone else with a normal memory has to, nor does he scramble for an answer with the urgency Dean wished he would.
Novak still hasn’t said anything, too busy trying to bore holes in Dean’s eyes to fill the silence, and he isn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Dean has never hated his name on Cas's lips as much as he does hearing Cas now. He can’t leave him, not after he’s done it
Dean can’t
As much as he enjoyed seeing Novak’s precious pull percentage steadily tick higher and higher, it was a pain to make sure the cars all went to the right spot, keep all the receipts organized, and of course try to make sure no one is too mad about having to wait a little bit longer for their food.
“What? Dude… what kind of people have you been sleeping with? I mean, not that I’m really judging… wait, are you telling me that you’ve never-”
“Hello.”
“This was certainly a very nice morning wake-up.”
But at least this time as the car pulls up to the second window, the bag of food is ready and waiting on the metal counter where Novak placed it, thank god.
Stupefied, Dean confirms, “Yeah… why? Did they change the order or something? I thought you were over on drinks for drive thru?”
He registers the impact of the hard cement floor against his body and the only thing he thinks is that he deserves the pain. He wants to take it a thousand times more if it means he could feel the warm pressure of Cas's hand on his shoulder right before he shoves Dean away.
Dean wonders what it’d feel like to slip his tongue in between that small space and bite down on that absolutely sinful lower lip. To taste the noise his parted lips would make on a gasp, on a moan, on Dean’s name. To feel the warm drag of those lips over his own, then trace them with his tongue.
Any other fandom, he thinks, would be in a furious uproar over the canceled event, but Dean is sure that the spn fandom has just gotten used to being let down so often that all they do is just laugh now.
In the days following Cas's near death-by-spear, he’d replayed the words over and over in his mind.
“Here’s the iced coffee,” Novak rumbles.
“Mhm yeah yes yep, definitely we can do that. How about, like, immediately right now, Cas?” He tells himself that he’s not going to start begging, and then instantly, like
It’s a whole week before he gets scheduled 2-7 on drive thru with Novak, and he tells himself he didn’t miss him. Nope. Not his piercing eyes, his blunt sarcasm, and his scary amount of competence. Not at all.
Cas’s lips touch his own, a promise is sealed between their mouths, and in that moment, Dean has everything.
these last few weeks. In the name of social media reconnaissance, of course.
Dean just lets Sam grab his hand and haul him out of the car. He thinks he collapses on his bed at some point, he’s not really sure of any sensation but the burden the dried blood on his shoulder curses him with.
The finger in him ceases its movement, becomes perfectly still.
Cas’s eyes are still closed when he confesses to Dean with a hanged head, “I’m not sure I’ve ever known what comfort truly is. I’ve had sex before, sure,  but… not comfort. Not company. Certainly not anything even remotely close to adoration.”
Dean is almost out of view and earshot of Jensen, but he thinks that as he finally pulls Castiel out of the café and onto the sidewalk, he sees an expression of celebratory approval on Jensen’s face at the two of them. Huh.
“I have to admit, I’m not sure I really want you to have someone else to have now-ruined sex with,” Cas says as he pushes himself off the bed and walks bare ass naked to Dean’s washroom to presumably clean them up.
He’s wearing blue and green, of course, as per the dezricule-approved wedding uniform. Honestly, even if he
Fucking Novak, making him do fries when he knows that Jessica was originally scheduled to work it. He thought they were at least on somewhat good terms- he hadn’t spilled cream on him or said anything incredibly rude recently.
He taps on the trending tag. It’s the second post that he sees under the tag that makes his brain shut off for a second. First- the username: beingforcedtolivebadwriting. God tier, if Dean does say so himself. But the actual post…
He remembers with perfect clarity the first time he saw Novak working here. It would be very goddamn hard not to. It was one of his first shifts, and even to his unpracticed eyes, he could tell it was balls to the wall insane in the store. The drive thru was filled with cars, there were people lined up to the doors at the front, and of course the electronic chime that Dean would soon learn signals a new delivery order kept going off. People were frantically trying to keep up with the rush, running around like headless chickens, except for one body that moved like a shark through the frenzied water.
Dean prays that he didn’t screw things up between them- even if Cas doesn’t want the same kind of relationship that he does, and what happened between them was just a one time thing- he still wants to be at least friends with the guy.
8:00:00
“Okay,” Dean whispers. “Okay, Sam. Go see if we can actually do this. I- I’ll keep the blood right here. I can do that.” Sam’s eyes soften a bit at Dean’s words that are barely even meant for him- Sam can see the blatant attempt Dean makes at reassuring himself and not Sam in his capabilities.
Dean breaks the gaze like he’s coming up for air, except that he’s never been more happy to continue drowning.
“You bet your fucking ass I am.”
“Dean, what are you talking about? Aren’t y-”
The kid is smart, just like Cas. He figured out a way to take God’s power away from him and give it to himself. God is just Chuck now.
He finishes his farewell with a hearty clap on Novak’s shoulder before glancing up to what he would expect to be icy eyes and an unimpressed face, except this time Novak looks like he’s trying to be low key about recovering from a baseball bat to the chest, his eyes just a touch too wide and mouth hanging open more than a fraction.
He’s briefly distracted by the colour scheme that pops up in the background of the chat. It’s all deep blues and blacks highlighted with white that somehow seems to encapsulate AngelOfThursday’s vibe perfectly, even though Dean
“Goddamn it.” He curses, already resigning himself to starting another pot that hopefully won’t get stolen away this time.
It’s nice, he guesses, when there’s a break in order-taking, because then you can just talk to the person cashing beside you. However, Meg isn't exactly the most… sociable out of all the staff. Prickly, is the word Dean would use to describe her.
can do to make an angel happy.
“Dean. Hey, Dean! Are you listening? Castiel just wanted me to tell you that he wants to talk to you. And before you start freaking the fuck out, he’s not mad or anything. I really don’t think you have anything to worry about, okay?”
He snags a handful of fries, plus one of the napkins from the stack that Novak must have grabbed. “‘Cause when Ruby finally came to first window to cash, she said…”
“Yeah, I’ll tell him. Don’t worry.” Charlie assures Cas through the headset, nothing but the personification of calm, cool, and collected. He tries repeating the same thing he was thinking that day they shared Cas’s food.
Supernatural - Trending
much not good. Fucking Misha Unhinged Collins had to go and make a cameo, and now he’s admitting that corporate specifically forbade him to speak as and discuss Caz.
It’s late at night as Dean is getting ready to pass out in his bed when he comes to the conclusion that maybe Castiel didn’t feel the need to reach out to him, because there’s no way he and the other CW assholes haven’t heard about the scripts by now.
to do this. Stupid fucking Castiel Novak got in his head, alright? He got in Dean’s head and gave him the idea that he has to do something.
He’d thought he would have forgotten what had happened and have to wake up and remember it all over again, but that’s not what happened at all
Cas tightens his hold on Dean’s wrists as he slowly bends down over Dean’s back to pull his earlobe between his teeth.
“Mmmm,” he groans around the straw, “it’s hot as shit up at first window, ya know that? Was stuck there for, like, 3 hours, because Naomi took her sweet ass time sending me on my…”
Visions of Cas's face, Cas's eyes, Cas's
words at least, thank god. “I’m sure I’ll catch you later then, Novak,” and throws him a wink, resuming the path he was taking toward his designated lecture hall.
He’s not really expecting anything to come of it- maybe it’ll make some people who click on the notes laugh, but that’s it. He goes back to scrolling on his dash, still chuckling to himself over the non exhaustive lexicon that he’s sure will need to be updated in a month. Life comes at you fast, but life in the dezricule comes at you faster.
to clean up.
“As you all know, this kind of embarrassment of the studio and company cannot be tolerated. An original script not getting replaced is a mistake that a middle schooler makes, not a…”
“Oh, and I never got to thank you for leaving the shitshow that was last night right as Bobby was about to come by. Even Jo was running around like a lunatic trying to refund the wrong orders that Crowley cashed out.”
Cas raises their joined hands and places a soft kiss on each of Dean’s knuckles, holding eye contact and gazing deep into his eyes. While the affection may be tender in nature- more tender than Dean’s had in a long while, if he’s being honest- the gleam in Cas’s eyes is anything but. He looks absolutely predatory.
And that’s when he notices that the green light on the mouthpiece of the headset is still turned on. Meaning his mic was on and playing everything over the drive thru speaker for Cas to hear.
Dean would agree to anything right now, there’s not one thing he wouldn’t destroy, sacrifice, find, or do, if  Cas was asking it of him. Maybe in another situation, he’d be worried about the power this man has over him, but he’s not. It’s reassuring, knowing that there are things
“Yes, they’re right beside the rest of the food.”
Dean snaps his mouth shut.
Dean wants to wrap himself around his beautiful, broken man and never let him go. Never let him know the cold grasp of an empty bed, never let him feel so alone that he doesn’t even recognize what he’s feeling anymore. Dean never wants to leave him.
“I never thought I’d get to have something like this,” Cas whispers from his position on top of Dean, now turning around so he’s still resting on his chest, but now Dean can see Cas’s face, his cracked open expression, his impossible eyes now with emotion heavy like stone in their depths. “I’ve always… thought it was too far out of my reach, no matter how hard I tried or how badly I wanted to cross the distance to grab it. I-” Cas closes his eyes and Dean wants to reach and cup his face, wants to desperately kiss him, wants to tell him that it’s okay, that he has Dean now and he’s not going anywhere, but he knows Cas isn’t done speaking yet, and Dean doesn’t want to interrupt him. So Dean stays still and he waits.
Endless nightmares. Eternal suffering. Alone together in the expanse.
“No, Cas, I said shut the fuck up. This isn’t funny.” He says, even though he’s grinning now too.
Dean’s about to turn his phone off and go watch something on Netflix (these days he literally needs a comfort show to help cope with his comfort show), when he gets a Tumblr notification. When he sees who it’s from, he lets a smile grace his face.
“Yeah, oh.” Dean gently teases. “Plus, what’s up with the, uh, Caz-like vigilance you’ve got going on here. Not that I’m complaining or anything, but is it the similar names or something that’s getting to your sleeping habits?”
“I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me that wasn't sarcastic. You did still manage to insult me, though.”
“Some help you are,” he grumbles. “Dude, hasn’t it been, like, a week? Two? A month, maybe? Since I went in after this asshole?” Dean very clearly gestures to Cas with his free hand, just in case his point went unnoticed. “That’s what it felt like, or at least that’s what I thought it felt like, to me.”
He shuts his eyes against the overwhelming fucking relief. “Oh thank fucking god. You’re stuck with me, Cas. You know that? Stuck tight here, with me. No more deals, no more consequences. No nothing. Got it? You’re
Novak looks at the frozen discomfort etched on his face like it’s karma, and Dean can’t help but think he’s right.
He quickly walks over to the ice cream machine, only to see Kevin already making seven (really,
Well. He did. He waltzed right off the elevator, onto the fourth floor, and into the room Dean knew scripts for the show were kept. Several photos were taken, and then Dean hustled out of there like his house was on fire.
“Mmhm.” Cas hums, already having fully wrapped himself around Dean so tightly he thinks an octopus would be jealous.
“Yeah, it’s right behind you, genius.”
Once again, Dean is wondering how it’s allowed for someone to be so attractive while being so irritated off. He decides not to ponder it for too long, knowing the answer will probably always lay out of reach.
Novak’s mouth opens and closes a few times, and Dean chokes out a laugh at the resemblance he holds to a fish.
“You’re shitting me. Tell me you're shitting me.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean.”
To Dean’s confusion, Cas untangles his arms from where his head is resting on them, pulling them and straightening them out above his head… oh
If he manages to straighten out his thoughts for a few moments, the heat and pressure of the shower feels like that moment before Cas let him go.
“I thought you were aching to get away from here. Well, it looked like you were anyway.”
Joke’s on him though, because now Dean can admire his side profile in peace. Across his cheekbones, along his jawline, down to his lips Dean’s eyes travel, and with every new expanse of skin Dean catalogues, he reminds himself that
Cas’s right hand trails down his back, tracing swirling patterns all the way down and back up his skin. “And I love you, Dean.”
you- god, I can’t-”
Dean remembers making his way through the not insignificant size of the crowd of crew; palpable excitement in the air. Dean’s not an idiot- he knows that a lot more people than you’d expect working on the hit show Supernatural have been waiting a long time for a scene like this. 12 years of filming sexual tension between characters like Cazriel and Deacon that you could cut with a knife will do that to you, he supposed.
Cas finally pulls away and gives Dean a perfect view of Cas’s now messed up clothes, twinkling eyes, and kiss-swollen lips. He’s the most captivating sight Dean’s ever seen.
If Dean wasn’t frantically swimming his way back into consciousness at the barely audible whisper, he would have blacked out. He would think this was another cruel trick his mind played on him while he was asleep, except now he can actually tell when he opens his eyes, because there’s actually a faint source of… not quite light, but something decidedly not dark surrounding him. He can actually
As he sets about surfing Twitter, he notices the description blurb under the trending tag.
For Dean.
Cas’s voice becomes even more quiet, his words barely an exhale. “Sometimes I’m scared that I’ve suffered such a side effect, such a… deficiency, that I’ve become numb to it. Because how can you mourn the loss and absence of something you’ve never had in the first place? I honestly don’t even think I even feel the hurt of loneliness anymore, which makes it so much harder to imagine a situation in which that’s not the case.”
want to take orders because then you have to talk to people, and people are assholes, but you also
“Oh. I see. So we don’t like him, then?”
He can practically see the fire in Novak’s eyes from this distance, and it only makes Dean smile even more, because he’s too far away to really do anything about Dean scrolling on his phone.
The man decides to helpfully interject from his car, “I asked for no pickles.”
Everything inside of him hurts. His body, yes, but his mind, his soul, his
This delivery has four large iced coffees on the order- thankfully only regular and with no extra stuff added- that Dean just finished putting all the lids on, reaching down to pick them all up from the drink station by the front, and place them on the delivery table for Jack to put in the bag, when Novak comes out of nowhere and demands, “Are these all regular?”
Meg just smiles a scarily suggestive smile, and turns to take the money from the car with the order Novak just took. There’s a $7 upcharge.
“Also yes.”
“Don’t worry, I have faith in you, Sam.” Once upon a time, those words would have come with difficulty to Dean. Not just expressing how he feels, but appreciating the others around him. He’s learned his lesson, though. Waiting or being too afraid to speak your mind has consequences.
and also more concerningly, to
Dean scrambles around for the bag of food that
Novak, once again glaring at Dean with steely blue eyes that only kind of make Dean want to fall to his knees and beg for something-  forgiveness, maybe- when this
Dean stares in abject horror at the radio.
Dean’s okay with this, he thinks. Yeah, he regrets leaving Sam behind, but he’s gotten through so much, overcome so many things in his path. Sam will be okay. He might be better, even. It’s not like Dean has goals in his life like he knows Sam secretly does, he doesn't have anything else he’d rather be doing, anything to look forward to. All he ever wanted was to be with Cas- and now he supposes he’ll get his wish.
Even more reluctantly than before, Dean goes back to compiling his report. It’s not 10 minutes later when Castiel messages him.
“You’re not, Dean. You’re drinking, grieving and have barely slept after
Cas hitches Dean’s legs around his hips up a little higher, and when he thrusts in again, Dean is brutally reminded that the end, for him at least, is approaching rapidly, because of course now Cas is hammering his prostate on every push in. It doesn’t take Cas that long to reduce him back to a stuttering and quivering mess.
“That is actually a very well thought out plan, Jensen. I know it will take a while to create, but I’m certain that the fans will be willing to wait, no matter how long it may be.”
Castiel is also in this meeting and by god does he look like he walked straight out of a magazine cover shoot and right into this shithole of an entertainment company. He’s wearing a black suit that has
Dean  wisely chooses also not to comment on how many cars Novak has now pulled, and leaves him be to sort out the drive thru staff and finally get out of the red times on the screen. He figures if anyone can do it, it’s him.
” Novak sounds surprised, to say the least, at the request, and Dean considers this may not have been the best idea, even if he gets to listen to Novak’s voice over the headset, because what the fuck.
“It’s a yes, you do still have to go back to fries. And maybe wait a bit before coming back, okay? I don’t want anyone to find out about the massive health code violation we just took part in.”
It takes Dean a moment to remember that he landed on his ass.
Cas, from his vantage point over Dean’s shoulder, tilts his head at the words on the screen. “I don’t know what that means. You didn’t get to that part in my Tumblr lexicon education.” Cas, apparently having lost interest now, starts sucking bruises into Dean’s neck.
Charlie nods thoughtfully. “Yeah, I mean it doesn’t sound like you did anything wrong, but there is one thing you’re forgetting.”
to be someone to hand the headset over too.
Cas leans down to press a kiss right to his heart, and wow, Dean still might burst at the seams.
inches his thighs apart.
The fans (especially the dezricule, of course), all did talk about the so-called CW sniper, but Dean guesses it’s one thing to joke about the lack of discussion and questions around the gay angel, and a whole other to actually be proven right about their suspicions.
He was so stupid. He was so fucking stupid to have hope. How did he think he was going to be able to find Cas in an abyss? Plus, it’s not like the Empty
“I mean, I’ll have to do more research into the lore to make sure we do it right, but yeah. Yeah, I think we can do it. You know we’ve had worse odds than this against us.”
Every time, Dean pauses the recording right as Cas places his hand on Dean’s shoulder- right before Cas lets go of him for the last time, and rewinds it to the beginning.
Novak doesn’t stop until he’s so close that Dean feels himself going a bit cross eyed to keep him in view, gaze flitting down to his sinfully full  lips.
“You’re unbelievable, Dean Winchester.”
God rubs it in their faces- they're to suffer forever. He’s going to keep them alive just so they can grieve the dead endlessly and doesn’t make that much of a difference to Dean- it’s what he would have done even if there were 7 billion people on the planet, not just three.
“I barely slept, Sammy, so I wasn’t up early because I was here before it was early.” His eyes still don’t move from where they’re fixed on the electric screen that shatters his heart over and over and over again.
Dean coaxes deep breaths of air into his lungs, because he needs to tell Cas what happened
He chuckles, wrapping his arms around Cas and stroking his back comfortingly. Hesitant to break the peace between them, but all too aware of where they are, he softly says, “Cas… we should probably get back out there, sweetheart.”
Chaos greets him. Cazriel thinking Deacon is “Still beautiful, still Deacon Walker” is sending some (almost everyone) into cardiac arrest and Caz pulling Deacon “close” is also sending some into hysterics.
Novak turns back to the till to punch the order through with a curt, “
“Fucking asshole,” he mutters.
“You have plenty of time to make three more, I’m sure.” And with that, Novak turns back around to hand over the pilfered ice cream over to Rowena.
“You could say that,” Jensen interrupts.
“Right, so as I was saying, we’re going to announce a prequel today. Hopefully I’ve hinted at it enough that people won’t be completely blindsided by the news… what, Dean? You know I see your look of disappointment, right?”
“Yeah, yeah sweetheart, I got you.” He twists his hand on the upstroke at the same time he captures Cas’s mouth in a deep kiss, and Cas comes- Dean making sure to swallow his groans.
Cas lifts his weight off of him to allow him to essentially scramble to do what Cas told him.
He raises his head from where it was buried in his hands amongst the torrent of thoughts.
Dean turns without a word (honestly, he doubts he could even manage one at this point), and starts dragging Cas faster.
When Cas is fully inside him, and they can physically be no more together than they are right now, Dean pulls Cas down to kiss him. As Dean feels Cas start to move, he breaks the kiss so he can gasp into Cas’s mouth uninhibited.
And now, 7 months later, Dean finally gets to watch the episode live.
{AngelOfThursday}
Sam glances over at Dean and wonders why he looks so strangely calm for a life or death situation.
“You are infuriating,” Dean groans against Cas’s mouth, his hands resting on Cas’s still damp waist.
“Alright everyone! We’re starting in 5! Places, please,” the director, Richard Speight Jr., calls out. Sam reluctantly waves goodbye to him as he goes to stand with the rest of the set crew, and Dean assumes his position by Camera 2W, Jensen’s phone in hand.
was the one thing he wanted, but never thought he could have, not the other way around.
- Hymne À L’Amour by Edith Piaf (translation for the part in the fic
Only his bedroom walls hear his bitten off, “Cas-
“Can I tell you something  if you promise not to tell another soul?”
right now. He’s happy as he’s leaving Dean for what seems like the very last time.
Dean is still there when Sam gets back from his run. He’s not sure if it’s been 30 minutes or 3 hours. Does it matter?
On his fourth circuit, when he turns around, Cas is standing in front of him holding his milkshake and bag of fries, his face one of barely held back emotion. Dean freezes like a deer and Cas is the most enrapturing light source he’s ever seen.
Lo and behold, he sees Novak jump a bit as he hears Dean’s voice in his ear, twisting around and throwing a glare over his shoulder at him. Dean just smiles back, throwing a small wave at him.
And as he looks around the store for the next victim… there’s no one around.
It’s Tumblr.
Dean would agree to anything right now.
They argue, they discuss, they laugh, and most of all, they bask in the glory of being able to be in each other’s presence that doesn’t occur in a subconscious. Dean feels happy. He feels at peace, and he wonders if the rest of his life is going to be like this. Dean thinks there isn’t a lot he’d do to ensure that future happens.
It says something about Cas that he’s not even bothered by Dean’s embarrassing pleading or incessant apologies. His eyes have nothing but unending love in their mercifully tear-free blue depths. “This, and I can’t stress this enough, is not your fault, Dean. It’s mine. I made the deal, I chose to keep it from you and Sam, I chose to tell you everything in that dungeon, knowing full well what would happen. And
He counts it as a win.
“If you say so, Dean.” Lisa smiles, placing said black (and therefore disgusting), iced coffee into the delivery bag. “Thank you for making it, despite your own ideologies on the science of McDonald’s iced coffee.”
Cas gives his fingers a few more thrusts before gently pulling them out and crawling up Dean’s body to look down into his face. Cas kisses him, tongue tracing his bottom lip as he pulls it between his teeth, and Dean’s not sure who groans louder at the action.
“Oh god, Cas I- I’m close, I’m so clo-” he sobs, beginning to reach desperately for his own leaking cock.
The order screen reads 7:58:27 when an ostentatiously bright red sports car with cigarette smoke blowing out of the open driver’s window pulls up for their large chocolate hazelnut iced coffee with double the extra sugar, light cream, two shots of espresso, and whipped cream on top. Dean resists the temptation to ask the driver if he wants any actual coffee in his drink.
“Thank you for grabbing ice for the fountain drinks, it was almost out.”
{AngelOfThursday}
Drive thru picks up, and he tries not to let the situation haunt him and he takes orders for the next forty-five minutes.
Cas presses one more kiss to his lips before leaning back to rest his forehead against Dean’s. “I love you, too, Dean.”
“Wait, you’re leaving?”
Another four days later has the delivery bell notification going off, grating on Dean’s nerves like steel on steel. Why why why
Of course, Novak doesn’t realize anything unusual about this, and asks, “What else would you like?” in his normal, professional manager's voice.
is a strict-ass, stealing son of a bitch, and his last name fits him a lot better than ‘Cas tee el’ or whatever.” Dean doesn’t mention how normally the only times he even thinks about Novak’s almost poetry-worthy first name is when he sometimes can’t stop it tumbling from his lips in his bed at night.
“Right.”
“Right.” Dean seems to have recovered enough of his social skills to form
He’s still staring out the window- still not sure exactly what his brain is telling him he’s seeing- when Sam opens his door and gently nudges him, “Dean… we’re home. Come on man, let’s at least get you to bed, okay?”
“I’m going to let go, but you are not going to move your arms unless I say so,” Cas whispers into his ear. “Understand?”
Dean tries his vocal chords again. “Yeah. Yeah, what he said.” He tries not to stare at Castiel for too long, and isn’t sure if he fails or not. “I’m going to tell you now, the initial response isn’t going to be an overwhelmingly positive one, but you’ll definitely get that when you announce the Deacon and Caz reboot.”
Dean wasn't paying attention to what was happening, and now he’s throwing Dean off of a cliff into water that he can’t tell has rocks or sharks in or not.
Another hour goes by, some Adam Williams guy tweets some
come to take him.” Dean can’t see Sam’s expression in his peripheral vision, but he pictures it to be something pained.
Sam looks like he’s lost, whether it be to people or just against life in general, but he knows it is nothing compared to how Dean feels right now. And when Sam swings his gaze over to Dean, sitting at the table with the laptop and bottles surrounding him, Dean thinks Sam knows it, too.
He doesn’t bother sitting down, just starts pacing the length between the thankfully empty tables in the crew break section.
“Yes, I am. Actually, now there are five large fries I’m taking for drive thru.”
Cas does eventually release him, and they walk hand in hand down Dean’s hallway, picking up only their boxers off the floor as they go, and into Dean’s kitchen.
“Is it presumptuous of me to say I’m glad to be stuck with you?” Cas mumbles into Dean’s warm skin.
“Mmmfuck,
it scares me. You, and every good thing you have the possibility of giving me, terrify me. It’s fear unlike anything I’ve ever known- probably will ever know- and yet I’m happy to suffer it all just for a chance with you.”
Castiel’s own gaze drops to the red tinge, then snaps back up to let the smallest, most self-satisfied quirk of lips Dean’s ever seen break his severe expression. He looks pleased with himself, and Dean hates him a little bit for it.
When Dean moves to lick down the column of Cas’s neck, Cas takes the opportunity to lift Dean’s legs and pull them around his waist. At the press of Cas’s now-lubed cock against his hole, Dean leaves one last kiss on his neck before looking directly up at Cas and nodding his assent at Cas’s asking look.
“Okay.” Dean can’t stop saying okay now that things are looking up even the tiniest slimmer. “Okay, Sammy. And- thank you. For this. For helping. For helping me. I know Cas would be grateful, too.” His thanks is mumbled into the sandwich in his hands more than to Sam, but he knows Sam understands.
. He can actually feel it going on its own roller coaster in his body, except there’s nowhere for it to go but down, and this time he thinks the landing is actually going to kill him. Even in his denial and angst-ridden mind, Dean can’t picture a single feasible way he is going to pick himself up and slowly try to fit all the pieces of his heart that shattered on the ground at the altar of Castiel back together.
“I’ve had sex before, Dean.”
And come to mention it, Castiel found out very quickly. Dean has only just pieced it all together himself through vague posts on Tumblr just twenty minutes ago- probably taking a couple years off his life in the process.
He’s not sure what to make of it. The asshole’s probably planning his next scheme to fuck with him or annoy him or something.
sorry, Dean. I- I didn’t think I’d regret what I said, but clearly I was wrong. Forgive me, please. I never wanted anything like that for you.” Cas's words are spoken right into Dean’s ear, every sound from Cas's mouth breathing life back into him.
“It’s not my fault the place falls apart when I leave. I certainly can’t work all day, no matter how hard you try to keep me there.”
Well, to be fair, he’s sure no doorway was opened for Cas to just waltz (fly? teleport?) through when he was sent to save Dean from hell, so it’s only fair that he put in the same effort when going to save Cas from eternal torture. Cas probably deserves even more of an effort, if he’s being honest.
For what? For
“Dean, there, right there, just like that,
“Uh, yeah, yes,  of course you can’t stay there all the time- not to mention spending that much time at McDonald’s would probably suck away all your IQ points and then melt your brain.”
“But-”
He looks down, not to see Cas pulling off, but instead looking right back up at him with a challenge in his eyes- making sure Dean is watching him purposely swallow around him again. Dean comes, overwhelming pleasure barely being muffled and stopped from spilling from his parted lips. Cas’s name, of course, managing to slip out.
“As long as it doesn’t have anything to do with throwing a pie in someone’s face, I’m game,” Dean decided. It wouldn’t be the first time, and the cream was a
“Good instincts there, Cas, because if you did order those nasty carrots that not even the kids will eat, then I was going to say you might still be sick, and then report you to Gabriel.”
Dean peers down and squints at Cas still laying on his chest, even though he can only see the top of his head from this angle. “Not even going to touch that last part, but, Cas… you’ve never had someone pillow talk to you after sex? Say nice things, make promises they can’t keep, that kinda thing?”
Dean is smiling when Cas leans back in to kiss him again.
that much.”
Dean’s been smiling like an idiot at his phone for the last hour, and he can’t bring himself to begrudge how much time he’s been wasting on his phone when he has a million other things to do. Times like these really show how amazing of a community the fandom is, and how lucky Dean is to be a part of it.
Dean swallows. “Well, after I dragged myself off the dungeon floor, I remembered you told me you watched Donatello’s interrogation using the cameras we had in the dungeon, so I just went and, ya know, watched your confession. Over and over.” He chuckles ruefully. “I always paused and rewound right before you let go of me. Let go and pushed me away. I could handle watching everything else, even you saying goodbye, except for you letting go of me for the last time.”
“Winchester.” Why does it have to be Novak that has the low, smoky voice that Dean swears sets his organs on fire? “Had your fill of irritating everyone at work, and now you’re on your way to annoy some professors, I presume?”
“Are you on Tumblr, Cas?” Dean starts screaming internally the second he says those words because wow he didn’t even think twice before doing exactly what Castiel told him to. Oh god. This is bad.
“You’re going to ace your verification, you know that, right?”
He doesn’t press play just yet- reveling in seeing Cas again somewhere that isn’t his nightmarish subconscious. Dean doesn’t know how long he stares at the unmoving fluorescent screen, his eyes traveling the length of Cas over and over again, unwilling to let what he knows will happen on the screen play out in front of him again.
“Turn over, Dean.”
{Impala67}
So in any other situation, this would be everything Dean has
{Impala67}
It can’t.
His tone is so flat, Dean thinks he could perfectly measure something with a construction level on it.
“Ya know, there’s actually AC here, and it’s not a bad view, so maybe I’ll just-”
Dean Winchester brings an angel to absolute ruin above him, and Cas- no longer Castiel-
He waits a little bit before trying again, only to be greeted with the same error message. Reluctantly, he gives up and opens what he so affectionately calls the cursed bird app.
. He thinks he’s moaning at the sheer relief of the kiss, but if he does, Cas swallows it down.
.” Novak cuts him off, putting both hands on his chest and shoving him backwards until he hits the wall behind him. He crashes his mouth against Dean’s, probably as another precaution to make sure Dean doesn’t say another word, which works perfectly fine for him.
“So what? Who cares? I want those Flurries back Novak.”
The conversation immediately moves on, brushing the situation aside without another thought. Dean would be grateful for the reprieve if it didn’t also imply that was the extent of the attention that the fans warranted.
“Of course, Dean.” At that, Sam gets up and goes to look through the index of the Men of Letters research and lore. Dean finishes the sandwich, not tasting it, not realizing that flavours he’s passing over his tongue. He’s thinking about Cas. But not in a despairing, grief-ridden way.
Everything is whipping around him, harsh and terrifying. He’s staring out over the precipice and looking down to see a bowl in front of him. That’s it. That’s the container that will decide his fate at the bottom of this jump. Being saved or being damned. Eternal happiness or eternal grief, or something even worse.
Cas looks up at him, adoration in his eyes, and says, “Yes.”
Dean’s ascent into awareness isn't as shocking as he’d thought it’d be.
AngelOfThursday, whoever he really is, never fails to put Dean in a better mood. He’s really starting to enjoy his company. It’s really nice to have someone to talk to for hours at a time, about spn drama or sometimes just life in general.
the audacity this guy has. He wants to murder him a little.
“Don’t ‘Charlie’ me. Go tell Gabe you’re not feeling good or something and that you need to go sit down.”
Dean has never seen Cas cry, not once. He doesn’t think anyone has, actually. He didn’t cry when he fell from Heaven- reduced from a heavenly soldier to a weak human. Didn’t cry when he felt human pain so potent he summoned an angel to end his suffering, didn’t cry when he lost his son that he had died trying to protect.
Dean knows he’s hovering. He can’t bring himself to care in the least, though. There are much worse things to be agonizing over than what is probably the most important research he’s ever observed Sam do. He knows Sam is valiantly trying to focus on the texts in front of him and not the ceaseless pacing behind him.
“Well, uh,” he glances sideways across the table at Castiel. The early light streaming in through the café windows behind him lights up his silhouette in a glow effect that should only belong in romcoms. Seriously, this man doesn’t need
“Yeah, this, uh, this definitely needs to be taken to a better place. Yours or mine?”
“Sure,” Novak says, only sounding a bit like he’s being strangled.
“Oh come on, I get it now. Lisa was laughing at me and touching my shoulder and everything and you didn’t like it. So you sent me to go work fries instead of delivery.”
The elevator is empty and Dean wonders if it makes him a bad person for feeling disappointment at the sight. He contemplates the conundrum for so long, the doors slide closed, the elevator car still waiting on this level.
Dean half heartedly grunts in response. He knows that if what Sam felt when Eileen died was anything even close to how Dean’s been feeling ever since Cas opened his
“You know,” Dean muses, hoping his voice doesn’t sound as shaken up as he feels. “I really was looking forward to seeing some of those writers today. It’s a shame they couldn’t make it. God, I haven’t seen them in ages. Berens, Perez, not Dabb or Bucklemming, though. Ooh! Edlund, Yockey…”
He’s walking along the campus pathways to his Materials Sciences class when a shock of blue eyes swim into his field of vision.
He keeps walking. He doesn’t know what else to do, after all. He can’t see the way back either.
Because really, that’s what it is. Convincing the other to keep going, keep moving forward, right into the path of inevitable internal destruction and ultimate vulnerability- all in the arms of someone else. Tearing everything in someone down to shreds while at the same time building them up toward an inevitable crescendo.
Dean sighs. Maybe if he doesn’t engage, Castiel will go away and leave him to burn up alone.
He stands up, leaving his plate on the table, and reaches out for Cas. He goes to Dean without a second thought. Not a single synapse, not a single neutron fibre in his entire body even attempts to resist Dean’s open hand reaching out towards him.
{AngelOfThursay}
“Um, I don’t know man,” Charlie says weakly. “Kinda seems like you just did.”
Dean wants to scrape it off the floor and hold the rust coloured flakes to his chest and never let them go.
“Winchester, I’m going to need this. We’re out on drive thru.”
“They added an iced coffee to the multi-order.”
“If you say so, Cas.”
“Apparently all you need is the blood of the person in the Empty to summon them. And that stain on your jacket… looks bloody to me.”
Cas sends Jessica to take over on fries 5 minutes later, shooting him a knowing look.
“I admit, when I replied to your comment on that first post asking for elaboration of the lexicon, I had no idea it was you. And then when you started messaging me about it, I clicked on your profile.”
“I know how you see yourself, Dean.”
“Fucking asshole, I swear if I ever get my hands on him-”
“Anyone ever tell you that you suck the fun out of everything?”
Maybe instead of spending his time weaving together the most horribly beautiful words Dean has ever heard, Cas should focus on taking his own fucking advice from his last death bed confession so Dean wouldn’t have to watch Cas die
Cas is already hard and trembling under his hand, breathy gasps and whimpers falling from his lips as Dean swipes his thumb over the head and spreads the precum down his length to ease the glide.
Castiel tilts his head, the morning sunlight glinting distractingly off of his eyes, seemingly wondering if Dean is psychotic and he’s just managed to hide it from Castiel all this time.
Oh. Right. He is supposed to be monitoring social media for the response to the confession. Ignoring the fact that the rudest CW exec he’s ever known had to remind him to do his job, he logs onto his primary, and also favourite, social media site to monitor: Tumblr.
At Dean’s fervent promises to be good,
He was even on the set for the scene that he knows is going to make some people scream. Jensen (who bears more than a little resemblance to Dean, surprisingly), had invited him to the filming of the confession, stating that he was going to need Dean for something. When he found his way to the filming location in the studio, Jensen immediately waved him over.
can like him and everything. He’s a good guy, I’m pretty sure. I just don’t think he likes
Huh. Dean’s not quite sure when that development happened, but that’s definitely how he feels about Cas as of right now.
A vast, immortal being that knows more than Dean would ever be able to contemplate, and he understands him.
Dean returned Jensen’s phone, assuring him that nothing was missed from the scene, and that the sound was clear enough to be heard. Jensen thanks him so sincerely that you’d have thought Dean saved his life or something. Filled with the love-sick happiness of the newly filmed scene, Dean bid goodbye to everyone at the set, and headed home.
Dean chuckles at his eagerness. “I was going to ask if you want-”
he’s panicking and he still can’t calm his heart rate down.
“Yes, I am, in fact. Now ask me what my url is.”
Cas lifts away from the skin he had pulled between his teeth and was worrying between them, wearing what Dean can see as a very self-satisfied grin on his face.
“You can always pull them,” he counters.
Once they’re on their feet, Dean does have a few pressing questions. Like how they’re going to get out. “Cas? Uh, what’s the plan here? Last time I checked, I completely lost the entrance to the Empty we summoned. And even though things seem… lighter around you, I still can’t see more than a few meters away.”
“There’s nothing to forgive, Cas. I love you.”
Castiel laughs again, and the sound rings in his ears like an angel choir.
Cas squeezes his hand tighter and moves even closer to Dean’s side so as much of them as possible is pressed together. “I’m so sorry, Dean. Truly, I never meant to cause you any pain.” He pauses for a second, visibly pondering something. “Wait, you watched me on a laptop? Watched me do what?”
anything to him yet and he’s already vibrating out of his skin.
“Yeah, no, actually I’m good. I’m not talking about them right now, they can wait.” Dean puts down his phone. “What was I… oh, right. Sandwiches.”
Cas twists a hand into Dean’s hair, then pulls with just the perfect amount of strength to have Dean releasing what is definitely not a public-appropriate noise into Cas’s mouth. Of course, at hearing that noise, Cas cups the back of Dean’s neck with his other hand, and proceeds to not-too-harshly tug his hair again. Accenting the assault the pleasure sensors in Dean’s brain with a particularly skillful swipe of his tongue in Dean’s mouth.
purpose -to keep the man Dean loves alive, one beat at a time- to come drag him away to death.
“The last thing I have ever wanted was for you to go through your own suffering for me. Of course, I am very thankful that you saved me, but it should never have come at the cost of your own life. You are far too valuable to be throwing it away for unceasing nightmares.” When Dean can’t handle the weight behind his words, and starts to look away from the unadorned sincerity in Cas's eyes, he nudges Dean’s face with his hands so he has no choice but to gaze right back at him.
“Did Jared really not know?”
He wonders if Novak would let him… broaden his vocabulary, so to speak. But then he realizes he doesn’t need something else haunting his brain and cuts the thought off.
“My apologies,” Cas says, unapologetically. “Please, continue.”
“You ready?”
{Impala67}
in case something happens.
“Roger that. Oh, and I need that iced coffee next, by the way,” Charlie calls over to him.
“No. That’s just insane. Order a smoothie or something, but don’t take everything that makes an iced coffee good out of it.”
Cas looks to the side at him, smiling. “Oh, I guess I should elaborate on how I ended up coming across you in the first place.”
Dean is standing on the precipice of the scariest jump he’s ever had to take. Not because there’s so much at stake, but because he doesn’t know what awaits him at the landing. After all, it’s not the jump that kills you. It’s the landing.
Dean feels the dark locks of his hair brush his skin as Cas slowly shakes his head no.
Trending with Putin, Supernatural
Immediately, Dean is consumed with what feels like electricity being fed into him intravenously, his body practically shaking on the sidewalk with the intoxicating feeling of having Cas this close to him. Dean’s hands are wrapped in the front of Cas’s sinfully soft shirt, holding him in place in hopes that he’ll never pull away, possibly ever again. Normally, Dean would be worried about his assumptions of Cas’s reciprocation, except Cas is currently devouring Dean’s mouth like he’s starving. Maybe he is.
to be worth it- is probably not healthy.
He wonders if the same thing happens to Cas. He wonders if he’s aware of every passing breath, every bout of consciousness the way Dean is.
?) sundaes for a Skip The Dishes order. Fuck it.
that’s hot.
Fine. He wants a report about the social media response, he’ll get one.
Jensen is saying something to Castiel, maybe even something interesting or funny, but it’s just white noise to him. All of a sudden, Dean can’t handle this anymore. Any of it. He jerks into a standing position, grabs Castiel by the hand-
“Your employee- what? No, man. Your
It wouldn’t even be that improbable- Misha has even told Dean that he has his own account there where he watches everything from the shadows, and given how close he and Jensen are, it’s definitely possible Misha sends Jensen posts.
Dean’s dreams, if you could call pathetic unconscious pleas, or maybe a subconscious prayer, dreams, didn’t differ too much from the endless loop of memories of Cas that were going through his mind before he fell to the ground.
Dean is panicking. He
He steps forward, unwilling to accept letting Novak get away with yet another robbery. “Hey! No, I just made that! Get your own before you run out next…” but he’s already out of earshot and back over on drive thru, saying something to Rowena, gesturing to the stolen pot of coffee.
A hint of exasperation weaves itself into Novak’s expression. “Yes, I am off now, since my shift was from 10 am until 6pm. As you so astutely said the other day, I am now ‘outta here’. So if you wouldn’t mind…” as he gestures to where Dean still has not moved.
Dean smiles right back at Cas, and isn't that something Dean thought he’d never be able to do again. He doesn’t think he’ll be able to take a single thing for granted ever again. They eventually help each other up, hands never leaving their bodies, and stand up with their sides pressed directly together, hands entwined below their waists.
, and sometimes I don’t think I’m able to breathe when I look at you.”
- clearly struggling for words.
Dean scrambles up from the couch, already pulling off his T-shirt. “You’re so smart, Cas. Genius, really, I’ll even-”
“You’re doing so well, Dean. So good for me.” Cas praises into his skin.
Dean flashes a cocky smirk, and fully settles into his position between the counter and wall. “Nah, I’m good, actually, thanks. I didn’t want to go back on anyway, so I’m just gonna chill here for a bit.”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s waist and turns his face into Cas’s neck. “I love you,” he promises into Cas’s skin.
It didn’t even end up being that difficult to get Gabe to tell him to go sit down- with his already flushed cheeks and stammering voice, he was the picture of illness. As he walks out to the lobby, he can’t help but feel like he’s on death row and marching to his execution- with Cas as the executioner.
Novak considers this for a beat. “Yes, multiple times. Also, we need the cream to be changed.”
He barely registers Cas’s right fumbling around by his side, until he realizes the wall behind him is actually the door to the men’s bathroom that Cas is swinging open and pulling him into. He’s so glad that at least Cas is thinking somewhat rationally- his own brain is shot.
“which is to go make fries. It’s not-”
“Yeah, Cas, I’m right here.” He reaches with his clean hand up to cradle Cas’s face. “You good, baby?”
Whispered, promised into Dean’s skin as he lies beneath Cas, and he doesn’t think the burn on his skin will ever dissipate from the place Cas's lips brush against him.
doesn’t know them very well. He quickly decides to check out the bio- there isn’t too much, just the pronouns he/him and a quote Dean recognizes from 6x20 The Angel Who Would Be King. No name, but that’s okay.
And that’s when, with Dean’s head halfway out of his shirt and his eyes covered by the fabric, he slips on the small puddles of water Cas left behind and falls right on his ass. Oh, that fucker.
“Charlie, that’s the exact opposite of what’s going to help me right no-”
It’s fine. Dean gets it. Of course he does. He’s even proud of Sam for so easily knowing what he needs and what he wants, and so flawlessly communicates them, so eventually he goes to listen to music in his room. Not just any music, though. Not the loud, clashing compilations he listens to when he's doing his best not to think about the myriad of things he should be.
“M’kay Cas.” Dean leans forward and presses a kiss into the top of his thigh. “I woulda been okay with that too, just so you know.”
At that, Dean turns back around from where he was about to clock out and go home, to turn his now-steely gaze on the douche canoe in the ridiculous and not even that impressive car.
Dean has been in denial for so long, what’s a few more minutes to him?
Dean flails to compose himself at Cas’s serious tone. “Uh, what’s that, sweetheart?”
He wraps his hand around Cas’s dick, lightly stroking in time with his thrusts. Cas’s legs are wrapped around his waist, his hips rising up to meet Dean’s own every time he pushes in.
. It started out basic, just learning how to wrap his tongue around the lilting pronunciation so different from the intensely emphasized sounds in Spanish that he comes across more often. Even when they weren’t driving, or on the case, Dean would blurt out bits and pieces in French to Cas in passing. He remembers a time they were in the motel, sitting on twin beds sitting facing each other, and when Dean attempted to say that it was too hot in the room, Cas actually reached out and used his hands to move Dean’s jaw to properly pronounce the words. Safe to say the room didn’t get any cooler for Dean after he did that.
“I already am? I’m standing right in front of you. Are you feeling okay? Do you have a fever?”
son of a bitch didn’t know well enough to stay away from him- the Righteous Man who can’t help but destroy.
Oh, if only he’d heard Cas say it all back then. In a barn with his family and the King of Hell doesn’t count. The mixtape still would have been rock ballad love songs, but maybe just a few different ones.
big of a drink through the straw.
He hears the slathering of lube on what he assumes- hopes and prays, really- is Cas’s fingers, and he feels his heart rate pick up in anticipation. Before he feels anything, though, he hears Cas ask, “Is this okay, Dean?”
,” Cas moans, and Dean’s mouth hurries to slot over his lips to swallow down the noises.
Sighing, he turns back to face the till, his own lane still empty. As he reaches down to continue scrolling on his phone, he catches Meg staring at him with the most amusement he’s ever seen on her face. Ah, shit. There’s no way she didn’t hear what he was saying- sitting all of two feet away on some empty crates at the window.
Cas pulls away only for the half-second it takes him to say, “You can move your arms now,” before he attaches himself back to Dean’s mouth.
So yeah, it’s better for Dean to picture a snobby and more weasley looking exec when he’s only communicating over the internet and not face to face. It’s certainly easier to resent him this way.
That’s when Dean remembers that Castiel actually works in this building, that he can’t leave like Dean can, and also that Dean himself wasn’t waiting for the elevator either, because the car is still waiting on this floor from when the doors closed.
“Are the Earl Grey teas done?”
Novak, though, he’s mad. ‘Cause while Dean was spared from the worst of the mess, Novak got cream on the entire right side of his body- from his shoulder to his ankle.
“Did you get the chocola-”
“-know you can’t just say something that fucked up with no warning, man. How is there no word for a banana still with its peel? That’s going to haunt me.”
“Oh come on, man! Really?”
“... I’m telling you, Dean, he just gives me bad vibes. The I’m-secretly-insane-on-Twitter type of vibes. I tried explaining to Eileen, but she just laughed and said that Jared was probably going through a new diet and supplements or something.”
Two hours later and the grill still is struggling with keeping up, with Dean taking a ridiculous enjoyment in the words, “Pull this one,” every time Novak grates them out to Dean. Novak is still running, occasionally breaking away to deal with an issue that came up or the Karen that wanted to talk to a manager because she wanted a Happy Meal for a girl, and the toy was clearly for a boy, so of course this must be rectified because it is the end of the world.
They don’t work together in person very often, even though they both live in the same city as the CW headquarters- Burbank, California. They mostly conduct their communication via text or email, and thank god for that, because the few times he has seen Castiel in person, he’d barely managed to string together a single coherent sentence. He was the kind of attractive that made it seem like he was an irresistible angel that walked off this very show and into the real world- extremely similar name and everything.
Perfectly sculpted features with eyes of a colour that Dean still isn’t sure is actually possible. He hadn’t known then, thanks to the crew hat being worn at the time, but the dark, seemingly freshly fucked hair hidden underneath was just as captivating.
“Jesus Christ, it’s like you can’t stop doing it. You’re a joy vacuum. A jaccum, if you will.”
Apparently finished with the temporary entertainment Dean so easily provided him, Castiel turns fully towards the front and visibly tunes back into the lecture at hand. He doesn’t turn back to face Dean, his features once again a steely mask of concentration.
It’s this horrible mental ping-pong with drive thru- you
… Dean has had Tumblr for over 5 years now, has been following the spn fandom on the site since the beginning, but even he didn’t foresee the website crashing like this.
“So, Deacon’s gonna be narrating the story of John and Mary, it’ll explore all the plot holes and the nature of Deacon’s relationship with his father, and then at the end, I’m talking like the last scene, it’s revealed that Deacon’s been telling this whole story to the Empty, right? Cause he’s taking his turn at trying to annoy the Empty into giving Caz back. ‘Cause the finale takes place 6 months after episode 19, right? So then the next show- the Deacon and Caz show- is gonna take place in those six months.”
Oh god, everything is starting to make sense now.
He can practically hear Novak’s eye roll all the way across the grill. “
It’d be a lot easier to just message AngelOfThursday, right? Dean doesn’t have a lot of experience in
“If I’m sometimes still an asshole, then you’re
If Dean whimpers, no he doesn’t.
He also tries not to think about how sad and heartbreaking that is, but fails.
Dean would pray if this wasn’t such a condemned place, practically screaming at him that there’s no higher power, no hope in here.
Cas begins to slow down, his pace getting more and more torturous, but before Dean can even formulate a word of protest, he leans down into Dean’s ear and whispers, “You were so good, love. You can come now.”
He swerves off of the road onto the gravel shoulder, and Sam, unwillingly to let Dean go so far as to crash the car, loudly demands to know what the hell Dean is doing. He ignores him, wrenches the door open, and paces around the front of Baby, hands pushed into his hair as he looks out into the forest on the side of the road. He can still hear the radio faintly playing behind him.
“It should have been you.”
Sam must have somehow gotten them home. Dean wasn’t and still is not aware of anything but the burning loss inside of him. The dark, gaping hole that feels like his own personal version of the Empty- nothing but intangible horror with Cas at the center.
He finally ends his examination of Dean to let a wry grin tug at the corners of his mouth.
Now Sam is looking at him like he has three horns, five wings, and two heads. “Dean it’s been,” he pauses to glance down at his phone, “37 minutes. Are you sure you’re okay?” Sam begins to side eye Cas now, too. “And Cas, you’re okay too? And grand delusions going on in your head over there?”
Cas lets out a breathy laugh at his words. “God help the person who gets in the way of the Righteous Man.”
Dean groans, leaning back against the pillows. “Asshole. I love you.”
Dean is still staring straight ahead into the trees as Sam slowly sits down beside him, gazing out at the greenery as well.
Cas turns a bit to the left, and without a moment of hesitation, starts walking forwards. “It’s this way.” Dean knows better than to question Cas when he clearly has his heart set on something. He remembers learning this lesson quite a few times, but at least now it sticks when it matters.
The radio that normally gets drowned out by the bustle of the grill is playing music Dean can actually hear this time. The outro of Bat Out Of Hell fades away to the enthralling intro chords of Magic Man.
“I got you, Cas, come on. I’ve got you, sweetheart.” Cas arches off the bed, his hands wrapping around Dean's shoulders to hold him to his chest as tightly as possible as he comes. Dean slows down his strokes and his thrusts, making sure not to drive Cas into an uncomfortable level of oversensitivity as he shivers through the aftershocks.
It’s insanity, but it’s an amazingly happy and cheerful brand of insanity. Everyone is posting all their headcanons for the wedding, posting fanart, and in general just expressing their love for the fandom and the fact that we’re able to throw an actual wedding for fictional characters that did nothing but suffer for twelve years.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” He barely suppresses the crack that threatens his voice as he speaks the last word. He begins to think that goodbye is his enemy, his least favourite, his arch enemy of two syllables. He wants to murder the word when Cas is the one saying it.
Novak is
“This is your fault, Cas, you can’t laugh at me.”
“I love you, Cas.”
the blink-and-you-miss-it shots with implications that create entirely new views of the whole show, the psychoanalysis… it’s enough to blow anyone’s mind.
He couldn’t understand for the life of him why Cas didn’t let him say it then, but he thinks he gets it now. He hates Cas for it. He hates Cas for doing this to him. He hates himself more, though. Because this is all Dean’s fault.
He pushes the button again, and this time gets inside.  Attempts to process what just happened crash and burn harder than the finale.
For the next 25 minutes, he sits with Novak and keeps stealing his milkshake and fries as they volley light hearted taunts and random anecdotes they think of during the conversation back and forth.
Novak has gone silent, an unbelieving look and a slight blush on his face that Dean can see even from this distance. He decides then and there that the red colouring is easily the most attractive thing he’s ever seen on Novak’s face- which is saying a lot. He also resolves to now do all he can to put that blush on his face time and time again.
“I know that yes, logically, I am a good employee that has proven time and time again that I am able to be a manager. However, that logic does nothing to impede the
Dean abandons the cursed train of thought for the moment, actually shaking his head a bit to focus back on the things that are actually happening. Like a conversation. Right. Dean can do that.
At his proclamation of calling it the ‘gap’, Novak raises his eyebrow, still no smile on his face, but a hint of humour in his eyes. “If you say so, Winchester. Now, can you please move out of the
“Dude, those were mine for delivery- you can’t just-” aaaaand Novak clearly can’t hear him across the volume of the bustling store. Or maybe he’s just electing to ignore him. Both are possible.
But there are teardrops falling from Cas's brilliantly blue eyes now, and there’s a smile on his face. Death is about to come and drag him to oblivion, and Cas is smiling. Dean wants to step forward and wipe them away, he wants to leave this warded room with Cas, breeze by Death like she doesn’t have a single claim on either of them, and go somewhere quiet with Cas.
part of Tumblr- actual interaction with other people and all that. Yeah, it would make everything a lot simpler, and Dean could elaborate to his heart’s content with the lexicon. He taps on the ‘Visit AngelOfThursday’ option of the pop up menu.
she can be… god, I don’t care.” Cas reaches up behind Dean’s neck to pull him down into a heady kiss. The change in angle must do something
He doesn’t deserve it. He didn’t even deserve to have been saved from hell in the first place.
Reluctant to leave the sanctity of his bed, but now realizing he’s also starving, Dean slowly pushes the blankets back, moving to stand up. The moment he clears the bed, Cas is standing up right beside him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck, and pulling him into a hug.
“You’re being pretty... friendly with Clarence there.”
“Dean.” Castiel grated, clearly wanting to get him to be quiet.
Dean speeds his hand up, other hand still pressed to Cas’s waist, as Cas falls apart under him.
In that moment, Tumblr posts flit through his mind from yesterday about people storming the CW headquarters and making everyone answer for their crimes. Dean can’t even find it in himself to disagree with the plan. He just hopes that if that ever happened, they wouldn’t mistake him for one of the evil ones.
Dean’s eyes fly open (because apparently he had closed them at some point while he was too busy trying not to kick the bucket), and frantically tries to figure out why the hell Novak is thanking him. He pieces it together when Novak is somehow able to walk past him and head toward the main doors, which only could be possible if Dean unconsciously moved backwards when Cas stepped forwards and sent him into a full systems shutdown.
The reply comes fairly quickly.
He’s working a 4-8 on drinks for drive thru, and normally he’d be really glad it’s such a short shift, but because it’s right on the tail end of lunch and all through dinner, it means he’s got the busiest four hours of the day to do one of the most demanding jobs.
“Listen, Dean, I know you normally at least attempt to help me with the lore for our cases, but there’s just no way you can be partial and focused enough for this.” Sam preemptively raises his hand to stop Dean from arguing. “And before you say anything, yes, your silence and your pacing is getting to me, okay? I promise the second I’m done this I will come straight to you. Just… there’s gotta be other stuff to do, even for a bit.”
“Watch where you’re going Novak, jeez. Almost took me out there.”
“I probably shouldn’t keep you waiting then, huh? What were you wanting to get?”
Jack also brought everyone back, said goodbye to Sam and Dean, and the very last living part of Cas is in heaven. Dean still has the bloodied jacket, though. He thinks if he focuses hard enough, he can still Cas's hand on his shoulder- that last brutal second before Cas let go of Dean and
Dean feels frozen solid.
God punches Dean in the face, God makes Dean bleed and he smiles because this is something he does deserve.
“Ugh, finally. No more drinks.” He turns to Novak beside him, who of course doesn’t look happy at the lack of cars at all. Dean keeps talking anyway. “I’ve always thought that life would be so much easier here if we just didn’t have customers. No pulls, no adding ice cream to orders at first or second window, no complaints that someone’s coffee was too hot. Wouldn’t that be the dream, Novak?”
And now he’s just destroyed the last good thing he’s ever had.
. I- I’m
Why does this have to happen to him? Every additional second he spends here he
He stands up and almost collapses back to the ground when he passes by the blood on the floor.
Thankfully, Dean doesn’t fall down, but the bag of cream he’s carrying does. He manages to right himself before he faceplants onto the disgusting floor, but not in time to stop the bag from bursting open and cream spilling everywhere.
He reaches the end of the hall and presses the button for the elevator. The doors open, and Dean half expects there to be an angry mob holding fire and pitchforks. He’s got the directions already in his head to lead them the right way to the conference room.
Dean can barely hear the smothered laugh coming from the car, but he can just make out enough of it to know Cas really is just screwing with him.
“Did you just insult me, compliment my physical appearance, while also reassuring me about my job at the same time?”
voice to Castiel… but not now.
Over two weeks of stewing, panicking, hyperventilating, and trying to figure out what the hell to do with what’s in his phone’s camera roll, he’s come to the conclusion that sometimes the best option is the simplest one. He’s been on Tumblr… let’s just say a
Meanwhile, Dean feels like he might have to call an ambulance or the fire department or the mortuary or probably all three because his whole body feels like it’s been set aflame at Cas’s praise. Heat licks where he can feel Cas inside him, and where he can feel Cas’s hand and mouth on him, grounding him.
He now knows that his previous assertion of Castiel Novak not being capable of feeling is most assuredly wrong, because looking into his eyes, Dean sees emotion to such a depth he’d gladly drown himself to be able to quantify for himself.
“Mm. Touché.”
“Biological chemistry, actually. Close, though.”
,” then to Dean’s dismay, stalks away out of his sight.
This time, Novak does let a wry grin grace his features, and it doesn’t do anything to help the current of emotions- namely the painful embarrassment at what happened yesterday- Dean is feeling at the moment.
Dean sighs. He finds that Jack often looks to him for advice or example, even though he’s not exactly sure what he did that made him such a role model to the high schooler.
Cas smiles, and Dean leans in to kiss him again. Gently, though, because it’s what the occasion calls for. Also because he’s a fucking gentleman.
, Jensen?
As he walks to the back, he keeps trying to figure out what the hell set Novak off. A failed test or assignment, maybe? A fight with a sibling? Does Novak even have siblings? Dean doesn’t think he’s ever mentioned one-
Dean thinks it was for the best that Novak wasn’t a manager who didn’t have to wear a hat at that point, because he’s sure his first few weeks there would have been a lot more difficult if he’d had major concentration problems, too.
. Everything is in excruciating agony. It’s all been shrunken, been brutally ripped out by hands as cold as ice, torn to shreds, and all replaced with stone inside him.
{AngelOfThursday}
It’s the end of the world, apparently. All life on the planet is gone.
“Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean might wake up. He might still be unconscious. He thinks he would never notice a difference if he did wake. How do you know you’re not dead while you’re sleeping? Eventually, though, he manages to figure out what darkness is the back of his eyelids and what darkness is the Empty. What he figures out is that when he’s awake, he feels terror and heartbreak like a residue coating his body. When he’s sleeping, he feels nothing. He doesn’t remember what must have been bloody and broken nightmares.
So then, for the remaining hours in the car, as Dean drove, Cas taught him
“Yeah, I am, thanks to you. I just came to get a box of fries, if you have to know. By the way, what’s got your panties all in a twist? You’re acting like you’ve got more than one stick up your ass right now.”
They still don’t know about the deleted kiss, because while Dean was lucky he didn’t get caught taking pictures of the scripts, he wasn’t lucky enough to come across the script they actually used to film the episode. This was close enough, though. He hopes that what he did brought validation to some, brought happiness to others, and brought entertainment to the rest of Tumblr and Twitter.
When he finally manages to reign in his trail of thought, he realizes that he’s been staring at Castiel the entire time. And Castiel has been staring back.
Novak squints his eyes, tilts his head ever so slightly, and Jesus
Sam halts his tirade over the intricacies of the passage of time to take in Cas's words, “Oh, that’s really nice, Cas. Tell him we say thanks, and that we miss him.” Cas gets a brief, far away look in his eyes, and then smiles. “I’ve sent the message along, Sam.”
Honestly, Dean just wants to lock the people that come through or order from McDonald’s in a room and have a nice little chat. Just to talk. Explain the choices they’re making in life. Nothing else.
“You were breathtaking the first day I met you after you were hired, you were breathtaking every time you were annoyed or pissed at me, you were breathtaking the day you were staring at me in that meeting, you were breathtaking even when I couldn’t see you as you were texting me, and you’re breathtaking now. I’m beginning to have a feeling it’s something you always will be, and I’m immeasurably honoured to witness the sight.”
Like getting making out with and getting a blow job from the guy you’ve been attracted to for two years, only for him to ghost you immediately after, wouldn’t upset anyone else.
“I am
Dean’s beginning to think that Jensen is really just as deranged as the rest of the fandom. Literally patient zero in this infectious mental illness of a show.
“Cool, thanks, Cas.” Dean interjects, before Sam is able to open his mouth again. “Now, if my dear brother here would deign to stop harassing me about how long I’ve been gone, I believe you and I have better things to do? Right, sunshine?”
They’ve been on drinks together for the last hour of the shift, and despite the copious amounts of bickering, they’ve actually kept up fairly well with the dinner rush. Their ability to stay ahead of the pace the grill was making food was a surprise to Dean, because every damn time Novak brushes his arm or squeezes past him to make ice cream, Dean gets a shock to his nervous system that signals Novak is way too close and still not close enough.
“Well, in that case, I guess I’m just going to have to do my very best to override that part of your brain until you know you’re one of the best damn employees at that godforsaken place. Still an asshole sometimes, but a good employee. Ow!”
Dean doesn’t even try to wipe away the tears- he knows they’ll be replaced almost immediately. “Cas- he said that happiness isn’t in having things, it’s in just being and saying it. How fucked up is that, huh? Do you know anyone else who could be happy with just stating their love? Getting absolutely
Castiel is the first to speak up, and Dean finds himself wishing that the man would never stop talking, even if he was mad at Dean, just so he could keep hearing his voice.
Dean’s tone is hushed- it feels wrong to speak loudly in the presence of Cas on the screen- but it’s no less threatening. His eyes still don’t stray from the screen. “Don’t finish that sentence, Sam. You don’t get to talk about him- never mind what he fucking
are stretching enticingly over Novak’s ass and thighs, and the light blue manager button down highlighting every shift of his muscles and arms.
“Did you mean what you said over the headset to Charlie, Dean? Yes or no.”
Cas lets out a slow and deep exhale, his hand slowly dropping from Dean’s mouth to make its way down the middle of Dean’s chest. As it reaches his heart, Cas finally looks back up to see Dean still gazing at him.
“Goodbye, Dean. I hope you… find what you want to do.” And with that, Castiel turns around-
Dean presses a kiss to his temple, “Well, good, because I like calling you sweetheart.”
Dean begins mumbling to himself, “To unpeel means taking the peel off… but to peel also means taking the peel off… why did you do this to me, Novak? I feel like an endlessly looping circuit right now.”
“I’m serenading you. It’s a cold, late night, isn’t it?”
He doesn’t break away from Cas’s mouth as he spins him around to take his turn pinning Cas up against the door. Dean trails light kisses along his jaw, hands trailing down the planes of Cas’s chest to slip underneath the hem of his shirt and palm his waist.
He walks to the back freezer, mumbling under his breath about how much more entertaining and enjoyable it’d be if Novak leaned into some jokes for once, or even came up with his own, for god's sake.
“I think I would be lying if I said there is another person here who cares about the fans, or their opinions, or how they feel.” Castiel says it like it’s simply a way of life. A universal truth acknowledged in the presence of people with too much power. Dean’s not quite sure what to say to that, except that Castiel is probably right.
“You ever heard of mincing words? Sugar coating something? Breaking the news gently?” he calls after him, but of course Novak just keeps walking to go back to work like Dean hadn’t said a word.
“I’m- holy shit. I wish I had found a way to make you jealous sooner,” Dean wheezes as he finally is able to perform normal brain functions again. “That was fucking amazing, Cas.”
He gets in Baby, Sam swinging into the passenger side, unaware of the screaming in Dean’s brain about who really should be there, close beside him.
Scenery passes him by as he lays against what he thinks is probably Baby’s passenger side window. He’s aware enough to catch the music that plays, though. Sam must have changed the radio station to something random because there’s no way this is premeditated. Sam isn’t this merciless.
While Dean waited for everything to be ready, he’d managed to find Sam- who was frantically doing last minute set dec checks- to catch up with him, since they hadn’t seen each other since pizza on Friday.
Novak has an expression on his face Dean’s never seen before. “What? Why are you looking at me like that?” He didn’t think him and Naomi were that close, but you never kno-
That makes Cas roll his eyes and leave the bathroom, Dean still with a smile on his face. He washes his hands and counts to 40 before opening the door and finally going to the freezer to grab a box of fries.
{Impala 67}
. I don’t get paid enough to care that much.”
“This has pickles on it. I asked for no pickles. This isn’t that difficult to get right.”
“Are you awake enough now?”
Dean Winchester is saved.
After what Dean considers is a long enough time holding him to ensure that he’ll be able to continue on breathing when they stop hugging, Dean pulls back- not too far, though. Just enough so Dean can see Cas’s face again, but not any further.
It’s enough to know that they’re sharing a final resting place. Black hole or not, Cas is here somewhere, that much Dean knows. It may be 3892 miles, maybe 2 steps, but as long as Dean is here with Cas, it’s okay. Didn’t Cas say happiness wasn't in the having, that it’s in just being? Well, Dean certainly won’t get to
The audio cuts out and the light on his mouthpiece turns off, signaling that the car has pulled forward, and this time he does let out an audible sigh, wondering where he went wrong with his life to end up as an engineering student working part time at McDonald’s.
Honestly, he thinks it was for the best, because of course the day he gets sent to cash, it’s fucking boiling outside. At one point he could literally feel the sweat beading down his face and neck, so yeah maybe today wasn’t the best for him and Novak to be working together in close quarters.
Dean knows that he’ll never want for anything, ever again, as long as his lips are pressed against Cas's. An angel capable of bringing cities to ruin, of parting seas, of incalculable strength, and his lips are soft against Dean’s. Soft, warm, and
Eventually, once Novak saves his ass by handing him an extra large triple triple that he forgot to make for delivery, and makes double brew for the iced coffee bin Dean is using, he grudgingly counts them even on the count of the thefts earlier. Not out loud, or to his face, of course. But he does mumble a gruff, “Thanks,” when Novak pours the fresh double brew in.
Dean thinks this is the best possible thing he could have glimpsed with his newfound ability to make things out in the Empty, the absolute pinnacle of human experience. He’s seen nothing as beautiful as Cas's very much not lifeless face, seemingly faintly glowing, bent down and peering into Dean’s soul. His right hand is resting on Dean’s left shoulder where Cas must have used it as an anchor to turn Dean up to properly look at him.
Fuck Castiel and his… distractiveness.
“Yeah, well, you didn’t,” Dean huffs. “So, again, you’re welcome.”
please, please let me- oh fuck I’m- so close,
“Mm,” Cas hums, considering. “I’d be happy to have you anywhere…”
God, I have so many thoughts about this fic, but in an effort to keep this note not too long, I’ll just say: holy man. It was a trip and a half- from the canonical despair Dean was left in, all the way to loving peace. This is also my first attempt at writing fic, so hopefully you all enjoyed! Also a huge thank you to ifyoulovemeletmebinge for editing this and answering all my unending questions- you're actually amazing.
Not the one that Cas tried to return, though. No, the first one he attempted. It took him so long to figure out the specific songs, and then the specific order they should be in, that it actually had a practice mixtape. Identical in discography, just a bit more uncertain, in a way. A bit more
Dean gasps. And gasps again. And keeps gasping. He can’t catch his breath. Oh he’s
“What the hell are you talking about? He didn’t-”
“Well, I guess that means you’re stuck with me then, sunshine.” Dean calls to Cas as soon as he’s able to make his mouth form words.
All of a sudden, Dean realizes the significance of Cas’s order. A medium vanilla milkshake and a large fry. The same thing they shared the day they were both on their lunch break. Dean freezes, his body now a statue.
He does it again.
“Yeah, yeah exactly.” Sam turns to gesture at the table prepared to host the summoning. “I really would go with you, but I gotta keep an eye on this spell. If something goes wrong…”
“Ha! You know what, probably,” he laughs into the table. “Wait, hold on a sec.” Dean finally lifts his face to look Novak right in the eye. “Did you just make a fucking joke?”
“All men are idiots, Dean.”
and Dean thinks he never wants to hear anything else in his life.
“Thank you.”
Thankfully- or not, depending on how you look at it- Twitter hasn’t crashed. Dean taps on the trending tab, hopefully predicting that maybe they’ll be in the top 10 for entertainment trends.
They stay like that for a few more minutes, simply holding each other.
There is one constant, however. The jacket. It never gets further away from Dean than 2 meters. Sam deems himself in charge of the research? Fine. Dean will watch over the most important part of the spell they’re going to attempt. He’ll watch over Cas. He can do that.
He already knows that when he goes to sleep tonight, the pleasantly gruff way that Novak says, “Have a nice day,” is going to haunt his dreams.
#STILL BEAUTIFUL
Dean thinks Jensen must have known somehow. Known that the execs at the CW may have grudgingly allowed a confession after twelve goddamn years, only to take it in their hands and destroy the best parts of it.
Only a couple minutes later, Dean sees a notification that someone mentioned him in a post. That’s never happened before, so he immediately goes to his notes to read whatever it is.
“Uh. I was saying something. What was I saying again?”
“Yeah, whatever. I’m trying.” He doesn’t wait to hear what Novak says in return before pressing the headset button.
{AngelOfThursday}
“‘M good. You didn’t come yet,” Cas almost slurs, a blissed out expression painting his face.
“Oh my god. Oh my god, I’m so sorry. I tripped, I didn’t mean to spill it on you, I’m sorry. Let me go grab some paper towels, okay?”
Jensen nodded in agreement, thanked Dean again, then left to begin the lead up to the actual shooting.
many other times.
Dean waves his words off. “You tell people what to do and they do it, so it’s the same damn thing in my book.”
Somewhere nature is beautiful and calm. Somewhere Dean can watch Cas as he takes in the beauty around them. He’s spent so long hiding how he watches Cas and he doesn’t think he wants to anymore.
Dean swallows, mouth suddenly desert dry. “Cas?”
The last one makes Novak almost drop the $56 order he’s holding and send the food spilling onto the floor- Dean forces himself not to burst out laughing as Novak tries to recover the bag. He throws Dean a murderous glare, who is smiling innocently back at him, and turns to lean out of the window to hand the bag over.
Sometimes he wonders what he would do if he didn’t have Charlie to be the brains in their friendship. “Yeah… you’re probably right.”
After repeating that action more times than Dean would’ve thought he could handle, Cas adds a second finger and begins to scissor them. When Cas brushes roughly over his prostate with both fingers, Dean presses his face into the pillow and lets out a choked noise he’s not quite sure how to classify.
“Dean Winchester, if you don’t go out to the lobby where Castiel said he would be, I’m not even going to call Sam in the middle of law school to tell him you’re being absolutely ridiculous- I’m just going to beat your ass myself, capiche?”
. I’m only going to say it once.”
Dean can’t even fathom the possibility. All he knows is that it would be extremely fucking entertaining, that’s for sure. Heads would roll, tears would be shed, the whole nine yards.
He’s helpless to do anything but stare after Novak as he walks away, praying that he’s at least not physically drooling. And of course that’s when Gabriel’s shout jolts him out of his trance. “Dean! This isn’t an animal shelter, so stop looking like a lost puppy. Get over here and take over for Meg.”
“You’re the one who prevented me from going to the kitchen,” Dean accuses.
He doesn’t say anything, which is sadly normal for people not even to thank Dean, and then proceeds to rifle through the paper bag, presumably checking all his food. Just as Dean thinks the guy is  going to finally drive away, his eyes narrow as he peers down into the bag.
He’s up at first window this time, taking people’s cash and holding out the debit machine for those with credit cards while Novak was on the complete other side of the store working on deliveries, so they don’t cross paths once.
Cas's mouth rips what’s left of his sanity clean out of his body, and then his hands- God, his
Eventually, around 7 pm, the amount of drinks and ice creams die down, so Dean just turns to stand beside Novak to make sure the bags of food Jo is putting together are all correct and in the right order. He only messes up once, but that’s because Novak deems it necessary to lean in and reach all the way around him to grab the milkshake on the counter beside Dean. He is only human, after all.
“Oh,” Cas breathes, starstruck and looking like he’s been granted his biggest wish ever.
Dean loses awareness, content in the knowledge that he’s alone, but he’ll never have to be without Cas ever again.
He keeps walking out of the room, out to the main room, and sits down at the table where their laptop rests. He remembers Cas telling him he was able to watch footage from the dungeon on it before, back when they interrogated Donatello in it. This can’t end well- Dean knows this, and reaches for it anyway.
If anyone wants to see where I took the ideas for this fic from, or just really wants more pain…. it was inspired by this
“Yeah? Watch me.”
Dean finds himself wondering what other kind of secrets to the universe Castiel holds in his eyes. The deep and fathomless pools that seem to watch the whole room, regardless if his gaze is fixed upon anything or not.
“And I love you, Dean Winchester.”
It’s not nearly late enough in the day for them to fall asleep for the night, so Dean and Cas just rest together, both just wanting comfort in each other’s warmth and presence. It’s pure bliss, if you ask Dean. There’s not a single other thing happening in the world at this moment outside the feel of Cas’s soft hair brushing against Dean’s skin and Cas’s left hand coming up to rest beside his pillowed head and start swirling random patterns on his ribs.
There is an actual door about 5 meters away that also leads out to the exit, which Novak could easily take instead, but of course he doesn’t bow out. Instead, with a face molded into determination, Novak just starts moving forward- right into Dean’s personal space.
Eventually, Tumblr is up and running again, and if Dean thought that the response on Twitter was insane, it pales in comparison to this. Georgia turning blue in the American election and rumours of Putin stepping down both coincided with dezriel going canon, and the amount of people finding out about all three pieces of news through shitposts is unreal.
Once again, even if Dean could manage words, he doesn’t get the chance to speak anything back to Cas, because then Cas is slamming fast into him with enough force he knows he’ll be feeling tomorrow. Cas, still hitting his prostate, wraps a hand around Dean’s cock and strokes in time with his thrusts. It’s the best thing Dean’s ever felt, but he knows he’s not going to be able to savour the feeling. It doesn’t take long for the two facets of sheer pleasure coursing through him to send him over the edge and into a screaming mess.
“Ain’t it obvious?”
He does keep saying
Sam casts a furtive glance at the floor a few feet beside them, and with one last check to make sure Dean isn’t going to snap or try to fish the blood back out, he bends down and scrapes the blood that’s stained on the cement into his hands to add to the rest in the bowl.
Dean is still lost in thought, thinking about the Spanish dub and  trying to figure out why the kiss wasn’t in the scene either, when his phone screen lights up with another message.
“Ask me if I’m on Tumblr.”
With his hands still holding the last McFlurry as its blending, he’s unable to stop three of his Flurries getting taken.
“I can’t believe Jensen didn’t tell him.”
“Yeah?”
Dean cuts himself off, the look in Novak’s eyes- pure astonishment- halting his words.
Dean grins. He knows Eileen doesn’t really like Jared, either. But he’s not going to be the one to spill the beans on that.
He reaches over to steal one of Novak’s fries before continuing. “Dude, you’re such a better manager than her, it’s not even funny. Better than most of them, really. You’ve always got everything all planned out, plus at least five backup plans, right?”
I in fact have zero regrets about the songs I made Dean listen to and think about, as I have to endure them every time they play on my phone so he had to, too.
There’s no audible response from him. All Cas does is suck a mark on his lower back, curl his fingers inside him at the same time, and Dean screams.
“The speed at which you left the meeting and everyone else behind was probably the fastest I’ve ever seen anyone move in this place.”  Castiel pauses. “Actually, there was that one time Kripke was here and thought he heard someone say Jensen was in the building…”
refilled the ice, and that shit is
things, but it wasn’t until he said that he
Dean surreptitiously glances around the table where some twenty-odd other people are seated, but because he’s seated more toward the back of the room across from Castiel, so not a lot of people even have a view of him and Castiel.
Curiosity gets the better of Dean. So he still wants to know what the drama is on Tumblr. Sue him. Putting down his plate, he reaches to the coffee table where he left his phone- again, trying not to disturb Cas’s position on him too much- and opens the app. Holding his phone in front of him so Cas can see the screen too, he starts scrolling. Then stops. Tries not to laugh so hard he coughs up his vocal chords.
Dean melts at Cas’s words.
“I’m, uh, gonna be honest with you, Cas. I kinda wasn’t watching exactly how many days went by. For the most part I was drinking, watching you on the laptop, or drinking and watching you on the laptop. But… maybe two weeks? Three? I’m not sure, but whatever it was, it was the worst time of my life.”
He mouths at the head for a bit, swirling his tongue around it and reducing Dean’s mental capabilities to nothing but holding onto Cas’s hair for dear life and moaning out his name. Cas looks up at him, and Dean isn’t able to do anything but stare right back into the lust-filled pools of blue and wonder how he’s going to survive this man in front of him.
It’s nothing compared to how he feels inside, though. He gladly takes the pain. Dean wonders if God is going to kill him, and he finds himself surprisingly okay with the idea.
She closes the till, waving the truck outside to drive up to second window, then turns to face him. “Oh, so he’s not dead then. Cool. I don’t know, Dean, just tell him how you feel or something. Tell him you missed him- that’ll work.”
“Castiel Novak, you listen to me, sweetheart, okay?”
He scoffs. What a hypocrite. “Says the guy who blew me in-”
“Oh. I’m sorry to hear that, man. Are you at least feeling better now?”
“Also, my most heartfelt congratulations, Cas. You’ve successfully fucked me within an inch of my life, then ruined me for sex for the rest of it, too. You should be proud.”
“Unbelievable,” he mutters under his breath, and reluctantly walks over to the fry station. He and Novak glares at each other as he passes by, but neither says anything else.
if it meant he’d be able to get Cas back. He hastily reaches for the sandwich, taking a large bite so as to make sure Sam very clearly sees him doing it.
“Goddamn it.”
“Mm. I like it when you call me that,” Cas whispers- like it’s a life-changing secret- into his skin.
He raises an eyebrow at Novak, daring him to challenge the lyrics. “What about it? You heard me, I sang what I sang.”
Dean pulls Cas's lip between his teeth, tugging gently, and Cas groans, a deep, grating sound that he quickly decides he’ll never be able to live without hearing again.
“I- I’m
Dean thinks he’d like to watch Cas's eyes as they reflect a setting and rising sun. Or watch them framed by falling rain in a storm around them, filling with cold water from the heavens, not with the salt that comes with the tears he sees in Cas's eyes now.
Dean doesn’t even try to hide the smile that spreads across his face.
Well, if this all fails, at least he’ll have the laptop footage and all the alcohol he could possibly drink. It’s a poor substitute, but it’s something, and Dean is used to pleading for scraps with Cas.
let down. Because neither Misha or Jensen actually showed up on time. Jensen did unexpectedly show up for the opening ceremonies, though.
He has to remind himself that there’s a chance. There's a glimmer of hope that is more than Dean’s intangible and stupidly positive thoughts about the endeavor.
There’s a brief pause before Cas asks, quietly vulnerable, “Are you going to make me a mixtape?”
“Things to keep in mind.” Castiel says, almost to himself, and the words break Dean out of totally not being distracted by Castiel’s mouth.
Novak just scowls at him, unapologetic. “Aren’t you supposed to be working fries, Winchester?”
There’s a quiet squeak on the marble floor behind him, presumably Castiel turning around to look in the direction of the conference room they had escaped.
Cas finishes the story by explaining how there’s still this tugging in his chest, though not as prominent as it was when it was leading him to Dean, to where he’s assuming the exit is that leads out of the Empty. Dean in turn fills Cas in on what Sam did, how they used his blood from the jacket for the spell, and how Sam had to stay back to watch the spell.
“Pulls are already at 18% and our goal is 12%, so no, I can’t.”
Dean can’t stop laughing long enough to even admire the view in front of him.
At least he can’t see Cas's tears from this angle. That’s probably for the best.
Cas. Cas, help me. I’m gutted. Help me, please.”
Just the thought of Cas is enough to bring Dean one step closer to shattering into a million pieces. He can’t let himself have hope for this. He just can’t. He genuinely doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he can’t see this through- saving Cas, which is the single most important thing he ever had or ever will do in this life.
“Wha- huh?” Dean spins around to look at the drive thru camera, and sure enough, there’s a car in Lane 2. He turns back to Novak, but he already has his back to him and is taking the order. Dean himself does not have an order, so rather than going back on his phone, he gets comfy leaning against the till, and switches his headset audio from Lane 1 over to Lane 2 so he can listen in on what Novak’s saying without him knowing.
Dean gets pulled back from where he was flirting with the edge of unconsciousness at Cas’s low voice.
Dean gently tilts Cas’s head up so he can see the other man’s face clearly when he speaks.
Cas never says goodbye to him ever again for the rest of their lives.
“You do that, Dean. I’ll go get started on that right now, okay?”
Dean’s eyes slip closed, and he thinks that he could back forever in this morning sun and the warmth from Cas’s soft touch. It’s the most peaceful he can ever remember being.
“Hardy har har. Just drive up and pay, asshole.”
Cas had started to fall the moment he burned the claim onto Dean’s soul 12 years ago, and now here he is, falling the rest of the way. Falling
Oh holy fuck. This is not good. Dean’s having the time of his life, but this is
Cas pulls away to look at him,
instantly regrets both the thought and mental image it causes.
“Cas, I don’t know if-”
“Cas, Cas please, come on, just-”
“Shut the fuck up, Cas.”
“Is this okay?” Cas asks from below, his fingers tracing the waistband of Dean’s pants.
I did.” Hey, look at that. At least Dean can form words.
Oh, it all makes sense now.
As Cas stands up, Dean pulls him into another hug. A comfort- a luxury, really. Dean and Cas stay there in each other’s arms, simply embracing for as long as they desire. They eventually get to Dean’s room and  lay down on the bed, over the covers, and just keep talking as quiet music from the mixtape wraps around and surrounds them with the auditory manifestation of Dean’s love for Cas. Their arms and legs eventually become twisted together so,
He doesn’t remember making the conscious decision to hurtle forward to violently pull Cas against him, but here he is, all of a sudden with his right arm wrapped overtop of Cas's shoulders, and the other around his waist. Dean’s face is buried in Cas's neck and as he hears the broken noises filling the silence between them, he realizes they are in fact coming from him. Cas is making soft, reassuring hums as he strokes Dean’s back, not letting a single ounce of distance between them.
“Well, that’s good, Cas. I’m glad.” Dean is smiling like an idiot, but he doesn’t care because Cas can’t see his euphoria over seeing him again, and Charlie isn’t going to judge him for it.
“Obviously I’ve
It has all of the ingredients already collected by Sam, save one thing. Cas's blood.
No, no, no, Dean has to help, he
Cas releases one hand from where Dean had guided them to twist in his hair just a bit earlier, and caresses the stretch of Dean’s lips around his cock. His thumb makes a full half-perimeter on his bottom and top lip before Dean goes down all the way and lets Cas’s length push carefully at the back of his throat until his lips are sealed against Cas’s skin. If Dean could close his mouth, he’d leave kisses.
“Despite your predilection for being rude for no reason, Winchester, I am able to handle saying no and dealing with customers myself.”
Cas, now finally amused like Dean knew he’d be, pads across the floor and over to Dean on the couch, a trail of water left behind him.
fucking sorry Cas. Please- I’m sorry.”
Once again, he doesn’t spare a glance over his shoulder to Dean, facing forward to watch the progress of the grill in front of him. “I’ll have this one, but you’re pulling the next three orders.”
Dean thinks his favourite place in the world is beneath Cas, on the bed, Cas’s limbs spread out and falling around every part of him. No room to escape. No way to leave. Of course, he enjoyed being above Cas in his lap- albeit not for very long- because that
good for him, Cas- who still has almost his whole body splayed out on Dean’s back- releases Dean’s wrists (which stay exactly in place, thank you very much), and starts trailing his hands back up Dean’s arms and all the way down his sides as Cas lavishes attention to the span of skin below his ear and down his neck.
The fact that he’s taking orders up at first window while Meg is cashing is both a curse and a blessing. See, the thing is, there’s no average for how busy McDonald’s is at night. It’s either dead, or drive thru is lined up to the road and everyone is struggling.
So really, at this point, Dean shouldn’t be surprised that his insistent claim to leave and go home is fielded and dealt with so infuriatingly well. No matter how robotic an employee Novak may be, Dean, however, is not equipped to deal with working here one more second, no matter how reasonable the solution is to his problem.
A couple more cars and 10 more minutes go by, and Novak still hadn’t returned to his till where Dean can see him. It’s still as dead as anything, both drive thru lanes empty and silent.
Dean closes his eyes and counts to ten. He needs an unrealistic amount of patience to deal with these people.
He rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, whatever. If you let it go to your head I’ll just keep insulting you, how about that?”
Novak’s eyes are now flashing with impatience, and he can’t help but think that this is payback for trying to make him stay longer the other day.
Cas raises an eyebrow, clearly still not as amused by the news as Dean was.
Novak also takes it upon himself to tell Dean every time an ice cream or smoothie- or anything else that won’t print a sticker for Dean to follow- shows up on the screen. It started out as being kind of helpful for him because he didn’t have to constantly be checking to see if something new came up, but it quickly delved into Novak relentlessly bugging him about
“He knew that the Empty wanted Billie too, and Billie wanted him and me. But it can’t just pop onto Earth, right? Whatever bullshit cosmic rules it was that kept it away. But it can be summoned to Earth, so that’s all he needed to do.” Tears are falling freely from Dean’s face now. “We were in the dungeon, Death literally at the door, and Cas still found a way to be happy. God- can you guess how he did it, Sam? How he was able to feel pure, undiluted happiness? He did it by just
The void doesn't reach out, though. In a small act of mercy, it spares Dean the horror of having so many parts of his nightmares acted out in front of him again. It just… stays there. On the wall. The black tendrils form a circular opening, but as Sam had warned, no Cas walks through it.
“Oh, now you don’t mind pulling stuff, huh? What’s your precious pull percentage at now?”
Cas rewards him by moving his finger again, brushing over his prostate too lightly to make him jerk involuntarily, but enough to temporarily electrocute all of his nerves.
“She,
“And yet, you love me anyways.”
No, right now, Dean is being brutally reminded why he despises Castiel Novak in the first place. The fucker
“Dean, you…” Cas pants, “You feel so good- I,
He tucks Cas back into his pants- making sure no mess got anywhere other than his own hand- pulls his own pants and underwear up, and zips them both up. Cas is still leaning on him, forehead to shoulder, when he wraps his arms around Dean’s waist and turns his face into Dean’s neck.
I don’t want to change a goddamn thing.” Dean speaks the words in between desperate kisses. He can feel the need to touch Cas again every time he pulls away- a taut rope between them that he is helpless to resist. Every time Dean returns to Cas's lips, he kisses him harder, more insistently, and each time it gets harder for him to pull back to finish his thought.
The water falling around him is painted red beneath his eyelids when he closes them against the falling water. He tells himself the shower is not a reassuring comfort- the soft warmth surrounding him is not a tentatively hopeful embrace shrouded around him that he doesn’t deserve.
“Oh, don’t worry Dean, I know. This is just the first step in the plan. Start off with a relatively acceptable concept for the asshat execs- no offence Castiel- and then boom. Full blown Deacon and Caz reboot. The plot for the prequel actually is really cool,” at this point Jensen’s practically jumping up and down in his chair with excitement.
{AngelOfThursday}
And Cas, well, he smiles at Dean like it doesn’t matter that he's saying goodbye and there’s truly nothing else he’d rather do. Dean hates him a little for it; for finding serenity in this terrible fucking situation, when Dean himself is a few seconds away from breaking down.
With Dean’s face still pressed against the table, he can’t see Novak’s expression, but he can imagine the amusement dancing in his eyes.
“That is literally the absolute minimum requirement for this job- to not yell at customers. That shouldn’t be something to be proud of.”
The rest of the shift goes by relatively painlessly, thank the god Ronald McDonald.
The look Cas has on his face as he gazes down at Dean makes him want this moment, this feeling between them, never to end.
“So, anyways, as I was saying, Naomi was clearly barely able to handle the floor plan today, because when I came out here after waiting an eternity for my break, I passed six people on delivery, only two on drive thru, no one doing pulls, and everyone falling behind. It was like a live action train wreck and fucking hilarious.”
holy shit. We… oh god.”
Cas adamantly pushes his nose harder into Dean’s neck and tightens his hold on Dean’s waist.
The screen stays paused in front of Dean, and he’s still careful not to disturb the revenant aura around Cas on the screen, so he’s quiet when he replies. “Jack said Nick was summoning Lucifer, and they stopped him.”
Cas goes on to explain how he woke up in the Empty, again, presumably when Sam and Dean performed the spell, and how ever since then he felt this… tugging, was what he described it as. This incessant pull towards
His jaw drops open. Okay, so maybe they miscalculated. Just a bit.
Accepting his fate is now fully in Cas’s hands, he whispers, “Yes. Of course I did, Cas.”
getting baited. This time, by Misha and Jensen themselves. The promise of a live GISH Q&A had sent the dezricule into a state of breathless anticipation- even if no questions were actually asked about Caz or the confession.
He slams the laptop shut and squeezes his eyes shut against the onslaught of tears. He needs a drink. He needs a lot more than one drink.
Dean doesn’t respond. His hand that is still held above the space bar quickly snaps down. Cas's hand is on his shoulder. He never lets the video go past this part.
“Well, Novak? What do you say?”
Dean tastes salt on their mouths, registers wet tracks down his and he knows it’s from him. It doesn’t mean he pulls away, not at all. He presses even closer to Cas, both hands framing his face where they’re joined, Cas's hands resting, reassuring weights, on his waist.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll get it.” Just before Dean is about to hit the button on his headset to turn on the mic and take the next drive thru order, a rumbling voice belonging to the most irritating manager he’s ever known interrupts him.
you were enjoying my mouth last night, so don’t try and turn this around.”
This can’t be happening.
“Yes, Dean, just like that.” The tight, slick heat around him and Cas’s warm mouth pressing kisses into the side of his wrist beneath him sends him tumbling over the edge, moaning out Cas’s name.
tightly as they talk that neither could leave, even if they tried.
Cas opens his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I’ve read once that loneliness is the most exhaustive emotion, except that it’s not really an emotion at all. It’s a prolonged experience that creates a side effect.”
Dean feverishly nods his assent. “Yeah, yeah sounds good.”
It’s 10am in the morning and the café wasn't located on a busy street in the first place, so the sidewalk is practically clear of other pedestrians and the street is empty. Dean walks Castiel a bit down the sidewalks so anyone looking outside through a window won’t be able to see them.
It’s going to be a long shift.
“Thanks, sugar.”
- and he is repulsive in his wanting.
{Impala67}
Now Dean
Him and AngelOfThursday have been talking for a little over a week, sending various posts to each other and in general just sharing the brain rot together. He’s actually pretty good company, and Dean often finds himself looking forward to their conversations.
“All I did was tell them exactly what they wanted to hear, whether it was true or not.” Dean replies, hurling the words into the closed elevator doors in front of him. He closes his eyes, his next words much more quiet and more sincere.
“We have quite a lot of drinks….” he trails off, hoping against hope that the customer miraculously figures out what they want. Greeted by silence on the headset, Dean mentally sighs and begins to list the options. “We have all our fountain drinks, iced coffees, fraps, coffees, smoothies, milkshakes, McCafe, slushies, milk, and juices.” Dean hates that he doesn’t even have to look at the screen to know all the options by heart.
They cross the threshold from the Empty into the bunker together, and it feels like peace. It feels like victory. Impossibly defeating a black hole- escaping its unyielding gravity.
“No, come on, Novak. Not fries, man. I’ve got drinks to make for delivery,” he argues, gesturing to the drink screen.
There are tears streaming down Cas's face.
Dean sleeps for what might be a year, half a day, or a kilometer. And yet, despite the horrifying nothingness, he still doesn’t regret his decision. He’s still with Cas here.
“Uh, yeah. Now that you mention it, how the hell
him for it. He dragged a being of Heaven down, down, all the way down, into his bed and unknowingly facilitated the trade of one religion for another.
Cas withers a look at him, clearly now annoyed his shower was interrupted for Dean’s amusement at something. “Dean, I just ran out of the shower and clearly am still very wet. Can it wait?”
Dean can see the moment Cas makes the connection in his head, his eyes widening.
“Well, when Jack and Mary caught up to him, they saw he almost succeeded in summoning Lucifer… from where he was in the Empty.”
A buzz from his phone interrupts his revere.
Dean feels a tear slip out of the corner of one of his eyes as Cas whispers about how good and perfect and kind and handsome Dean is into the space between his shoulder blades, his finger still pressing relentlessly into Dean.
fault, I should have found a way to stop it, to stop you from dying, but I
to look at Castiel, so Dean doesn’t. Finally giving up every pretense of paying attention to whoever is speaking, while also pushing aside the fact there are at least twenty other people sitting around the table too, Dean just keeps looking into his eyes, occasionally dipping away to trace the planes of his face and neck with his own gaze. Mapping, memorizing, studying the dips and swells. Imagining how they’d feel under his hands, his fingers, his lips, his tongue, and wow this train of thought all at once became entirely too risky to continue during this meeting Dean still isn’t paying attention to.
“Nope,” Dean says, popping the ‘p’ and proceeds to tell Cas the story.. “Okay, so the title of World’s Sexiest Man and Woman was just announced, and- god- Jensen won Sexiest Man.”
Dean sniffs, “You’re welcome.”
As the floors ding by, Dean remembers something. Something he can do. He remembers what’s on the fourth floor, and smiles wickedly to himself. Oh, Tumblr is going to
Dean’s been pacing the length of his living room and some of his kitchen for the last hour and a half. He still can’t believe he did this. That’s he’s
. So he got up, and followed it until, “I came across the most beautiful being in all of creation, lying in the darkness of the very thing I died to save him from, at my feet.”
“Oh my god, Cas. You ever heard of pillow talk? An afterglow? Cause that ain’t it.”
{Impala67}
But Novak doesn’t need to know that.
ensures he can’t leave him, but this position is more comforting. More… close. More together.
here?”
Before Novak can predictably start reaming him out for being unnecessarily rude to customers, Dean jumps to say, “No need to thank me, Novak. Dude was getting on my nerves being all creepy, and I already wanted to punch him for smoking in a goddamn drive thru, so he got what was coming.”
And of course, on the shift that Dean is most looking forward to spending his 30 minute break in blissful air conditioning in, Naomi doesn’t send Ruby up to cover him for a full forty minutes after he’s supposed to go for his break.
Eventually, Cas got payback in the form of fucking him so hard that he actually blacked out when he came- but that’s beside the point.
They sit down in the same booth that they were in the first time Dean joined Cas on his break, and split the shake and fries just like before. The only differences this time are that they’re shamelessly playing footsie under the table, and when Cas gives him a dirty look for taking the last fry, Dean leans over to kiss the scowl off his face.
He ponders the problem as he leans over to refill the fry basket, but nothing comes out.
Dean wakes up with tears once again falling down his face, he’s long since given up trying to stop then- he figures he’s had enough of hiding how he feels. Look where it’s gotten him.
He collapses forward onto Cas’s chest, turning his head to kiss the skin just above where his heart is. “I love you, Cas.”
Yes, of course constantly being aware of a particular coworker is a perfectly normal thing to do at work, why do you ask?
What? Huh? What the fuck did Dean say again? His brain is currently too busy melting like ice cream on a hot sidewalk.
Crimson stains paint the dungeon; endless streams dripping right from Cas's heart- and he
Cas sighs. “And just like that, the moment’s over,” untangling himself from Dean and reaching for the doorknob- although he does still have a hint of a smile on his face.
And Dean isn’t sure exactly what to make of that, but he thinks it’s better than the blatant rudeness from Castiel back in November.
The blood drops on the floor from Cas's right hand haven’t dried yet.
take place. Dean stands still as he looks out over the precipice- looks out and all the way down into the blue ceramic bowl where the dark red flakes seem to swirl around the edges like a galaxy. He thinks the metaphor has some substance to it.
they pull into McDonald’s? Dean works here, and yet every time he comes through the drive thru he’s got exactly what he’s going to say all planned out in his head beforehand.
“We both work here, Winchester, obviously I’m going to come across you. This shouldn’t be a surprise any more.”
{AngelOfThursday}
“Sorry, could you just repeat that, please?” No matter how dumb and oblivious the intern- worthy question makes Dean seem, it’s the only way he can think of to figure out the hell is going on.
Dean wants to beg their forgiveness for the company he is forced to keep. It’s a horrible thing- owing your livelihood and your life to people you get paid to ignore and silence.
for the newest social media buzz, not the other way around. Up until a month or two ago, Castiel was as unaware of what was happening on social media as the moms on Facebook.
Literally any other situation and Dean would be falling to the ground and thanking whatever god bestowed the most addicting and fucking
Dean scoffs. “God, I want- I want to
As he draws nearer, Dean attempts to school his features into something he hopes is  somewhat calm, relaxed, and maybe just a little bit pretentious. It’s not his fault that Novak gets impossibly hotter when he’s pissed at him.
Too caught up in his thoughts, as he turns the corner to the freezer, he collides with someone coming around it. As he rights himself, and is about to reach out to steady the other person, he realizes who it is.
He breaks away from Dean’s mouth, finally allowing him to gasp in some air, and starts immediately biting kisses along Dean’s jaw and down his neck.
“Hello, Dean.” It’s barely an exhale. The words are a breath, really.
His dreams are bloody and black.
is also the playlist I originally made for ifyoulovemeletmebinge even before I started this fic, only to realize that I could use literally any of the songs from there in this. If you want to cry Dean-coded/destiel tears, I suggest giving it a listen.
Sam jumps up from the seat he was reclining in and rushes over to them. “Oh my god, Cas you made it- you guys made it back and you’re hold-“ Sam cuts himself off, waving a hand through the air in front of him seemingly to physically wipe away the words he was about to say. “Doesn’t matter, you guys are alive, you’re back, and now you’re safe.”
This is his fault. Dean did this. This angel, full of such goodness, such beauty and Dean
He can’t do this to him.
in it before getting all smoothed out for Cas.
Immediately, Dean brings his hands down to touch as much of the body above him as he possibly can. Hands, hair, neck, torso, waist- everything Dean can reach. He covets it all like Cas is his own private gospel sent from the heavens that he never wants to share with anyone, ever again.
“Mmm,” Cas murmurs against his neck and Dean can
Dean and Cas went on a hunt once in Louisiana. It was a long drive, but of course Dean didn’t mind, not one bit. They spent the time talking about every single thing to ever exist, and nothing at all. A lake full of empty drops. He remembers passing more and more frequent signs in French as they got closer to their destination- Dean, of course, complaining about how he’ll never find where the best burger place to take Cas was.
“Bela will be presenting, Anna will be running for delivery,
But when he turns around, sure enough, the drink screen has 3 more drinks listed on it. As he turns around to complain some more to Lisa, he sees Novak, running for drive thru, casting a withering look at him. His words to Lisa die on the tip of his tongue.
Now Dean’s pissed.
Yeahhhhh, Dean probably shouldn’t have said that to a random person on the internet, but it’s not like he can delete the message after he’s sent it or anything.
The post is currently sitting in his drafts on his burner account, just waiting for Dean to press the ‘post’ button.
- Jealous by Labrinth
“Dean…”
Dean feels like the imaginary rays beating on his imaginary cat-like person get dialed up to eleven.
Dean traces his lips, his tongue, his teeth, every part of Cas's mouth he can taste, and he’s memorizing it. Memorizing him like this. He thinks that as long as they’re here, like this, entwined together, Cas can’t leave. And nothing can take him away from Dean.
Dean is practically vibrating with excitement. He knows what’s coming; what’s about to air on live television. He’s been the PR manager for Jensen Ackles and Misha Collins for years now-over a decade, actually- ever since that strike in 2007. He likes to think that he knows them pretty well, given that his job is to be fairly aware of their social media- and sometimes even professional- presence.
Dean can’t bring himself to care, he’s already lost everything. 5 hundred or 5 million or 5 billion people dead doesn’t make a single difference to him right now. The only one that matters is dead.
He just keeps walking. He doesn’t know how long it’s been. How can you even begin to measure time in the absence of everything? All he has is his mind, and it's a well known fact that it is not the most reliable thing out there. Every second seems like an hour, every hour seems like a vertical mile, and every step feels like an ocean Dean’s crossed.
Oh, how he wishes this was the first time he’s been broken in this way.
“Can you stop making up words and go grab a bag of cream, please, Winchester? It really is almost out. I’ll refill the sugar while you’re doing that.”
