“It’s okay,” Dean lied, in a disappointed tone. “I’m a little tired of being interrupted, though. Every single time I want to make a move!” He sighed. “Perhaps it means I shouldn’t do it, I don’t know.”
“Good morning mom, Cas, why are you so tense?” Dean asked, visibly worried, but Castiel shook his face, without saying a word. “Did something happen?” Dean tried again. Castiel didn’t answer that time either, but placed himself face to face to Dean and took him by the face with both hands. After some seconds of staring he pecked him on the lips.
Dean didn’t want to listen, but he couldn’t keep it out. The speculation was insane. Cas had always been a model employee, always calm and collected, always professional. No one had anything real to say about him, so they had to make things up. The stories got wilder and wilder. Drug addiction? What the hell? Embezzling?
He wouldn’t poke or prod, either, but just having company, having someone else near, undemanding and accepting, was important. Dean thought, hoped, that they were close enough by now that he could do that for him.
“You’re late, Dr. Novak,” Mrs. Crombie said, gesturing for Castiel to turn around so that she could help him with his coat. “This is very unusual for you.”
Dean simply couldn’t have that. Not Cas. Cas should never be vulnerable or afraid, not if it was in Dean’s power to fix it.
Dean showed up soon afterwards, knocking before letting himself in. “Hey Cas. Oh my God, that smells amazing.” He came through to the kitchen, his nostrils flared.
Cas swallowed. “Some things are not so obvious when you are in the middle of them as they are observed from outside. Objectivity is hard to come by when you are blinded by the desire to be … important to someone. In retrospect I still don’t know exactly how it happened. Bartholomew was, I suppose, a master manipulator. He was playing a long game, and had the patience to move slowly enough that each new step was small enough that there was never a single moment that was so shocking that I rebelled. My family… well. Gabriel wasn’t around then. He was in the midst of his own rebellion and wanted nothing to do with Michael and Luc, so I think he was somewhere in Asia at the time. He still feels somewhat responsible, feels that he would have recognized what was happening in time to prevent…” His voice trailed away, and he shook his shoulders as though literally shaking off unpleasant memories.
“I’m planning to be his friend in order to convince him,” he said, as gravely as he could. The thought of performing such an act, though, was absolutely revolting for Dean.
“In silk sheets, rolling naked in money people like you gave me,” she answered insolently. Dean wished he could send her to hell, but sadly he was the one at a disadvantage.
“I don’t know how to calm my nerves down, Dean, I don’t want to regurgitate in your car, but my stomach is not in a good condition right now,” he said at some point of the journey and supported his head against the glove box.
Benny left the bowl at the counter and looked at Dean, with a serious expression. “I’ve noticed, Winchester. Sorry, I know you’re trying really hard. I’m just messing with you, because you work up easily and it’s funny to see.”
“No, no, no, everything is wrong!” Castiel said and tried to put some distance in between him and Dean but Dean didn’t allow him. “You and Sam, and Gabriel! You all put yourselves in risk for me! I’m not worth the effort. Who am I, after all? An idiot who doesn’t know anything except from baking… that is so stupid that drowned himself in debts and debts and more debts, debts everywhere!” he made a gesture with his arms, raising them. “Why would you risk a thing for someone like me?”
“Yes, I do,” replied Dean, thinking it was yet the beginning of a new quarrel between them. “It doesn’t mean I believed it at that time, or that I think it now. I was pissed.”
Dean didn’t know how to answer to that, because he never stopped to analyse it, but it was probably true. Dean wanted to thank Ellen and Bobby for all the stuff they did for him, by reaching a good life standard, but perhaps he was not doing it right.
” Jo said, laughing. “You were talking about Castiel practically every single day since you told me the first time, Casanova,” she teased.
“Perhaps this is a sign then,” she declared. “You lose an important Mary in your life, you gain a new one...”
“Remember how they left you without a work in the company after that?” Frank kept on talking. “Without any compensation? Just because of that?”
, or some other phrase,” Sam interrupted, and Dean knew what kind of irritating face he was doing at that moment. “You were working really hard at recovering your politeness. I confess I was impressed by how good you were doing, seriously, don’t ruin it.”
The atmosphere was tense. Zachariah and his wife Hester were sitting on the biggest sofa, with the same look of disgust, sending vicious glances towards Castiel every twenty seconds and making him feel terribly uncomfortable. Balthazar was next, wearing his newest Versace coat and checking out Hester’s legs when nobody (except Castiel) was paying attention. Raphael and Uriel were chatting together in the corner of the room, with somber profiles and dark suits. Gabriel was the last one, and Castiel thought (while watching him flirt with the attorney’s secretary) he was the only Novak family member feeling at ease in that place.
“We should arrest you for cuteness exhibitionism, don’t you think Mills?” the voice behind them said and both turned to see it was Donna and Jody, walking with two paper bags from Castiel’s bakery, each of them eating a chocolate donut. “When Charlie attended us and you were not around, but your car was, we thought you were making out in your office, Castiel, not out here, where’s it’s practically snowing.”
Castiel released Dean before he could return his show of affection more properly and accepted the keys like a kid would accept candies. He kissed Dean again quickly and walked to the door.
Then Castiel pointed out to the left and Dean saw her. It was a black and impressive Chevy Dean didn’t notice when they had entered the house, hours ago.
Castiel entered the kitchen, then, cleaning up his hands with the apron and looking worried. It was stupid of him, but Dean hated that look on his face and wanted to kiss it off. Bad thing was they had never kissed in public before.
“Take me? Do you mean for sexual intercourse?” Castiel inquired, timidly. Dean couldn’t resist laughing at Castiel’s vocabulary. “What?” Castiel asked, confused.
“I’m…” he doubted. “I’m in need of a means of transportation, no matter if it’s a bus or a taxi. Whichever is less expensive,” he finally said, sounding the most confident he could.
“Like going to the movies, or I dunno, dating someone, eating hamburgers, sleeping until midday, talking with my brother without it ending up an argument…” Dean exemplified.
“Are… well,” Dean tried to say, fearing the question would be out of place. “Are you sure you want to try talking with her? I mean… she will probably be mean to you…”
“That’s exactly why you need to go,” Hannah emphasized. Castiel was surprised by her support at such a mad plan. She was down to earth and thoughtful. She couldn't agree with Jimmy and Gabriel. “If you don’t go somewhere your mother can’t find you, she will make your life a living hell. You’re an adult and a professional who burned the midnight oil to get your degree. It's unfair you have to work at something that doesn’t fulfill you just because she doesn’t like you anywhere but under her new husband’s control. You need to be free and experience things by yourself without feeling pressure or tensions.”
Castiel nodded, because it was pointless for him to deny it. “My objectives are simpler,” he replied.
to your (probably) soon-to-be boyfriend is easier said than done, and that was exactly what happened to Dean that Saturday.
“You know where I am, I don’t need to remind you,” Castiel replied, trying to remain as calm as possible. He wanted to avoid any kind of argument with her, if possible. “I’m staying at Jimmy’s place until I can find an apartment for myself.”
“Yes, otherwise he won’t sign anything, and you know it.” Dean confirmed, proudly. “Destiny or karma must be in our favor because someone gave me this,” he completed, showing Gabriel the memory stick Claire gave him.
“Oh God, please. I cannot believe how emotionally constipated the two of you are!” Gabriel said and Dean noticed his presence at the back seat of the car for the first time, blushing profusely. If he had known he was there he wouldn’t had said a thing. “That’s something you have to confess face to face, looking at him in the eyes, with seduction and candlelights lighting your faces and you know... naked if possible,” Dean turned the engine on in order not to look at Gabriel anymore. “It’s great to me, anyway. It looks like you’ve found each other. Destiny wanted the two most constipated people in the planet to meet and love each other, because clearly nobody else would...”
“You need to go,” Jimmy clarified. “At least until mom gets obsessed over something or someone else that has nothing to do with you. If you stay here she will throw you off balance, she will get you sick, and I seriously don’t want that. I love you too much for that, brother.”
“An hour ago I was,” Castiel insisted and kept quiet. He didn’t know what else to say to keep the meeting, how the procedure was. Should he ask for his phone number? Should he ask where he was living? If he was single? If he wanted to meet again? What was he fucking called? Castiel thought he should probably ask every single one of those questions out loud, but since he had no idea how to, he decided to stay quiet and disappear behind the hostel’s door as soon as possible. Whatever Castiel was thinking about the stranger, or whichever alternative his mind fantasized about…
When Castiel started walking in the opposite direction of the benches, the guy stood up as well and took Castiel by the arm, preventing him from leaving. The
"Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait…" dream Dean said, interrupting her again. "Let’s start this whole thing again and be clearer now because it was not my fucking day and I don’t want to add yet another thing to be pissed off about," he said, clearing his throat. "Who the hell is Castiel?" he asked and Castiel felt like his stomach made a leap.
“With the marketing, Bobby, and the sales software. I’ve told you I’m all business up front, and all party in the back!” he said and Jo couldn’t look more offended by the fact he was not paying her a little bit of attention.
“Look for The Doors, there must be something there,” he said, paying attention to the road, and when
me, Becky,” he added, while stowing his personal items in this satchel, surprised by his own answer. “And money is not the most important thing in the world. There are plenty more satisfactory stuff than that.”
Dean didn’t want to fight. To be honest, he didn’t want to fight with his father ever again. Instead of answering him, he closed his eyes and counted to three.
“So, sleep well,” Dean replied. He knew he sounded like a teenager but, at that point of the conversation, he couldn’t care less.
“Thank you very much, Castiel, let me put it in the fridge, I will take care of that. You two go and sit with the others,” she said and disappeared to the kitchen.
Castiel didn’t know how much time passed from the moment Balthazar stopped talking to when Hester stood up from her chair and stormed out of the room, externalizing some hurtful adjectives at her brother-in-law. Only a couple of seconds, probably.
from Queen. Castiel insisted the album had the best portrayal of Dean’s character ever written in a song, but Dean disagreed.
Castiel turned to the coffee machine, laughing as if Dean was the funniest guy he’d ever met. Sometimes, Dean wondered if those flirting advances Castiel gave him were unconscious or as deliberate as the ones Dean gave him back. When he saw him smile like that, though, he had the impression it was the latter, and that made him feel a little more alive inside. He knew it was rushed, and he still had no proofs to say it was mutual, but he couldn’t help feeling bubbly.
The clock announced 8:30pm when Castiel finished everything. Half an hour earlier, or an hour and a half later. He sent Naomi the reports and ordered all his stuff in the desk, gaining some time. Ten minutes later Naomi answered his email back, simply replying: “I knew you wouldn’t disappoint me, go home.” Castiel was not told twice. He turned the computer off, while taking his bag and trench-coat.
, it was a word Dean didn’t know too much. Yes, sure, even against all odds he had the love of his parents, and siblings, but Dean had never loved another person romantically, and he honestly never thought he would be able to do it, or that the other person, much less someone as extraordinary as Castiel, could profess that kind of love for him in return. It was hard to believe, and extremely terrifying for Dean, all at the same time.
And Dean wasn’t. Defeated, he answered nothing and Becky left him alone, in a street full of hurrying people coming and going, with only a satchel in his arms and a question floating in his head. Probably Becky was right. To be honest, Dean was not sure about anything these days. At least anything but his family and Castiel.
“I’m not leaving,” he said, final, and the implications that phrase had remained unsaid. “How much money you earned today?” Dean asked, in order to completely change the topic.
“I was told once that people there are passionate and welcoming. Also, the capital city is called the
If Dean wasn’t so angry at himself, and life in general at that moment he would have laughed because of the sentence. The company’s name was so long and pretentious… he never had noticed it but it was starting to be obvious now.
“Well, if I’m honest, I’ve never thought about it before, I’ve never left Illinois, and I never thought I would… so...” Castiel paused. “It has to be cheap, I don’t have a lot of money saved, and—”
“Later Gabriel, now the fun is here,” she answered and looked between her husband and Dean, waiting for the one who would start outlining a plan.
“Cas told me he loved me,” Dean replied, already at the steering wheel. “And I said I fucking loved him too. For the first time ever…”
“And I’m not against that,” Castiel replied. “It’s not like I’m in a hurry to arrive… I’m just in a hurry to
“Cas, seriously, I didn’t say that to pressure you or anything,” Dean said once Castiel answered the phone. “I mean, I would love if that happened, but it’s not like I said this to make you say that, I hope you get what I’m trying to say, I just don’t want you to think-”
Gabriel didn’t answer him. Instead, he stormed into the bakery and went straight to the guy’s table, taking him by the collar of his shirt, and pushing him against the wall.
The Roadhouse was a good place, Castiel always had that opinion. The atmosphere was comfortable, people were friendly and the food was amazing. Drinks, he hoped, would be amazing as well. At least they would help Castiel to stop thinking. That was enough.
“He didn’t come exclusively to see the family, Cas,” Dean replied. At the other side of the phone Castiel was muttering things Dean didn’t get, in between some
“May I ask what’s your plan of action? Why do you spend so much time there?” he asked then, and Dean had literally no idea what to say.
Dean’s stomach sank because the meeting hadn’t started as promising as he would had wanted to, but the last name his boss had just said was what had caught Dean’s attention. He clearly knew that woman. She was Bela Talbot, one of the most famous faces of Kansas News, famous for her outrageous scoops and exclusives. What would she be doing there? Why would she leave the room in such a way? Dean had no clue, and preferred following Crowley than making him angrier than he was.
“Don’t you dare putting corrector on it, Becky, it’s a special message for Mr. Crowley, don’t waste it. Have a good day,” he said and left.
“Yes, I know. I’ve called directly to the Hospital and the Shelter, they wouldn’t lie to me,” he said. “Their legal representatives, they made him a patron in both places, and they told me amazing stuff about him, Dean, apart from his poor decisions... Don’t lose that guy,” he repeated.
“Do you feel allright, then?” the guy asked, when it was impossible to keep the silence between them any longer. Castiel nodded, heatedly and the hero smirked, still looking nervous. “I’m glad to know that. It’s not okay for a newcomer to be treated like that…”
Gabriel chuckled, shrugging his shoulders. “That’s me, exactly,” he said. “I prefer discovering and learning about all the good things in the world, meeting all kinds of beautiful women,” he added, winking to the secretary, who rolled her eyes in response, “instead of, you know, marrying the first one that crosses my way only because they have money,” he pointed out. “I don’t know how you did it, Hester my dear,” he added, “I know my beloved Zachariah here owns a big company with hundred of employees, but he is still unable to stir any lust in anyone. Is his little friend down there as unattractive as his face? When was the last time you had sex? God, I’m so sorry for you…”
“Your nose is perfectly fine,” Missouri answered, calmly. “Your head is what needs some sort of treatment, dumbass,” she ended and lowered her vision, writing something on a notebook by her desk, as if Dean’s presence didn’t bother her at all.
“I don’t want to take any side, but in honor of the truth, that’s an allegory,” Castiel pointed out, not ashamed in the slightest.
Castiel laughed at that. He remembered how Mr. Singer called him that too, when he went with his Lincoln Continental to Bobby’s repair shop for the fourth time in two months. Castiel never had a good relationship with cars, if he was completely honest.
“I have my reasons,” Dean replied, and walked him to Bobby’s car, a beaten-up Chevrolet Chevelle his father refused to stop driving and where he was already waiting for them. Dean tried to let Castiel take shotgun, but he categorically declined, arguing that was Dean’s place to take.
“They are telling the truth,” Castiel added, and Dean didn’t know how to reply to that, and so returned to the original topic.
Bela looked unaffected, though. “Perfect. So you are not going to be able to ask for my services at all,” she replied, apathetic. “I don’t work for your leftovers, my darling. I procure unique information to my viewers.”
“CASTIEL! ARE YOU THERE?” a voice yelled from the main room, seemingly headed to the kitchen. Castiel and Dean jumped in fright, not moving from where they were, until they discovered it was Charlie. Castiel supported his head on Dean’s chest and sighed deeply. “Oh,” she said, after discovering them in that compromising position. She looked from Dean to Cas and back again, more than once, with an expression that suggested she was genuinely sorry of interrupting them. When Castiel left his place by the counter and went to where she was stood, Dean knew he was sorry as well. “I just wanted to say I picked up both mine and your set of keys. I suppose you were alone and I didn’t want you to sleep in here but, oh God I’m so sorry…”
In essence, they were a family. The most compelling and healthy one Castiel has ever had. Bobby Singer, the owner of the Repair Shop across the street always said to him that family didn’t end with blood, and he surely believed in that.
“It was true what they said, that you’ve changed a lot, and not for the best,” she said gravely, Dean speechless at the other side of the desk. “Dr. Moseley has two patients before you, she will call you after that, Mr. Winchester,” and kept on doing her tasks, ignoring him completely.
“Thank you,” Dean said honestly. “I suppose you all suspect why I’m doing this. I don’t want to make any confession of sorts about how I feel in front of anyone but Cas, though, so if that’s what you’re looking for, Claire, Kevin, I’m sorry but you’re not the recipient of that information yet. You will have to believe in me without that. All you have to know is I’ve walked a long road since I’ve met Cas, I’ve recovered a lot of who I used to be before joining Sandover, and I want to help him not only because of how I feel about him, but also in gratitude for what he had done for me.” Claire and Kevin didn’t respond yet, and Dean’s heart constricted a little for that, because he thought convincing them would be a little easier.
“Wow,” Sam replied, and kept quiet. “Well… Anna asked Zachariah to use Castiel’s share for something Castiel would appreciate, since Castiel didn’t reclaim his part for whatever reason I don’t know, and probably you do. Zachariah signed documents from the attorney committing himself to do it. In the will Anna asked him specially to do that task to
“I will,” Claire answered, amused. “See you later, uncle. Bye to you too, Dean,” she added, moving away and leaving them alone again.
Dean took the car keys, a dark red sweater and locked his apartment up. When he arrived at the bakery, it was almost eight, and Castiel was already cashing up.
"Where is the jerk?" he asked and Jo looked at him as if she was not understanding. She looked back to Castiel, then to Sam again and gave him a confused frown.
“Cool, honey, then pray to Buddha so it’s chosen in the final raffle,” he said and clicked again. “Oh, look at this Balth! Puerto Rico!” he announced and Balthazar cheered. When Hannah looked at his husband in reprobation he blushed a little and tried to defend himself.
“Good to know, because I would totally take you beside Rowena’s table, or on it.. or under it. Who cares about Rowena anyway?” Dean answered back, turning to look at his lover again. “Or… by any table, to be honest! I would take you on every surface… That is, clearly, if you let me..”
“Perhaps,” the guy answered, quickly. “It’s not bad, you know? Feeling that way,” he clarified, looking at Castiel with seriousness. “I don’t think
“I think it’s an excellent description of what happened, and what consequences it will have for you,” Crowley opined, the smile never leaving his face. Dean nodded, wishing he could leave at that precise moment, but his boss was waiting for something else. “C’mon, Mister Winchester, sign it,” he commanded.
That weekend was an exceptional one for Dean, at least, according to his previous standards. He changed his usual activities (that consisted in working, and a little bit of sleeping before working again) and he couldn’t deny the fact he had enjoyed it.
When they broke the kiss, Dean moved to his face to Castiel’s shoulder and his hands to his waist, in an inelegant embrace. “We were talking about angels but you kiss like hell, Cas,” Dean teased and Castiel chuckled, hugging him strongly. Dean didn’t know how much time they were in that position, until they were interrupted, as they had started to feel used to.
“Welcoming, you mean?” Benjamin replied, and Castiel nodded. “Mmm…” he considered. “You could say that, yeah. I prefer thinking we’re
“Perfect, then,” Benny replied and kept on working. He walked to the fridge carrying the pan and placing it inside. He took the cream and placed it with the rest of the ingredients. “We will start the filling now, alright?”
Castiel breathed nervously as the rest of the procedure was completed. They may be playing and having fun, but they were also cavorting with his destiny, almost as if they were taking for granted such a pivotal decision for Castiel’s life. He gulped as the last country was announced and Jimmy noted it down while making a joke about
They stayed like that for a while, absorbed in their own thoughts, until Castiel talked again. “About what you were saying,” he started, “My brothers imposed dates on me several times, in the past, and I never even let them come in here, so I understand what you’re saying," Castiel replied. "I never thought about anyone that way beforeand in fact the mere procedure of a date stresses me incredibly. It feels extremely foreign to me, forced even. But at the same time I’ve always wanted several things that are consequences of thinking about someone else romantically to happen to me…"
Dean couldn’t see it, but he just knew. “Oh, God, Cas,” he exclaimed, completely surprised by the answer, choking the horse laugh he was about to release. “I was talking about my heart, dude, my heart, not my ass!” he added, infecting Castiel in the process.
?” Dean asked when he could recover the ability to talk, and Castiel’s smile was a reward he didn’t know he needed that much.
“Are you talking about work? Will I get my promotion?” Dean asked as if the conversation he just had with Missouri haven’t had happened at all.
Hannah sighed and shook her head, but resolved to keep on drinking her coffee instead of answering. Balthazar could be really obtuse when he wanted to.
“If Miss Talbot is already there I would prefer telling you two something first,” Sam started, the joke forgotten, a serious expression in his face. “I’ve read all the information Dean gave me on the plane, and made Sarah read them as well. Whoever gave you that, Dean, they were lucky,” Sam explained to his brother and Dean nodded. He couldn’t feel more thankful of Kevin and Claire. He was in debt with them, even if a little angry. “We have an interesting mixture of felonies in those files. We can start with them cutting trees in public areas without the municipal authorizations, which is a crime by itself, but could also generate a big enough fuzz if it’s released in TV. Although, it’s the lightest of them all. There are various conversations between Zachariah, or your boss Crowley even, and some contacts I’ve discovered are acquaintances or employees of Dick Roman. It looks Sandover has a partnership of some kind with Richard Roman Enterprises, pursuing dirty business together,” he said and Dean froze. It was a public secret in the industry that Roman was involved in all kind of scams and profiteering. Dean couldn’t believe he had devoted so much time in his life working for someone as corrupted as him. “The thing is, yeah, your brother’s company is seriously exposed with these documents,” Sam continued, looking at Gabriel, “but so is Castiel. You know, he has shares there, even when he doesn’t want to recognize or use them, and if the company broke, he would face some consequences as well. Misappropriation of funds in between other minor crimes, it’s not a joke.”
“Bullshit,” Charlie answered. “You have no idea because you don’t have a mirror to look at your face, and you haven’t known Castiel for as long as I have, but, jeez, the way you look at each other, there’s no way that could be wrong.”
Dean made an attempt to stand up from the stool, but Castiel squeezed his hand a little harder (Were they still holding hands? How could it be that he didn’t notice?) and kept him still. When Dean looked at Castiel again he realized he still hadn’t opened his eyes.
Castiel didn’t know what to answer her. Truth was that he only could sleep three hours yesterday and the rest of the night was spent thinking about Dean, dreaming about Dean, waking up after thoughts about Dean. But that was really pathetic for him to say, so he decided to minimize it.
Although, it was not the biggest nightmare of them all, and that’s what Dean discovered when he parked the Impala by his usual spot in Sandover’s parking deck. He was extremely nervous. According to plan, Gabriel got out the car first, leaving the Winchester brothers alone.
“I don’t remember!” Dean replied. “If I didn’t, it was because I couldn’t. What would he want to tell me anyway? The awesomeness of his life? How great and stressful his work is and how mine is shitty?”
"What if I had asked you to stay forever?" Castiel teased then, intending it as a joke. Thing was that, once the question was out of his mouth he realized it didn’t sound like one and it had taken Dean completely by surprise. Castiel covered his mouth with one of his hands, embarrassed of what his sentence has implied and with his eyes wide open. "I apologize," he said immediately, biting his lips nervously. "It was a joke, I swear. And I never joke. In fact, I don’t know what I’m doing, it was not my intention to push you, I’ve never said things like this to anyone, I’m really sorry-"
the other members of the staff, including himself, were throwing at her. “Okay,” she said simply, stripping her apron off, but before she could leave Dean moved to her side.
They smiled at each other again and then Castiel started telling her all. From the beginning of his day, that midday at work, to the point he was now, pining over someone he barely knew, and who probably forgot about him because he thought Castiel was married and not allowed.
Castiel took his head with his free hand and shook it multiple times. Dean read the note he wrote at the office the day before. It was impossible for Castiel to be more embarrassed than that. He went out the bathroom, with the towel tied to his waist and opened the wardrobe, leaving the phone at the bed. He took a pair of jeans and a blue shirt, along with a pair of boxers and socks. He was dressing himself up when the phone vibrated again. He sat on the bed and took it.
Soon the suitcase was prepared, and Castiel started filling the backpack with his laptop, and other smaller personal effects. He looked at his books, all discarded and disorganized. It was a sad decision, and he hadn’t a lot of material possessions apart from them, but it was clear he couldn’t carry them all with him.
Castiel couldn’t help nodding. He lived in a town, where if generous, there were two jewelries where he never got in. This was so different to his hometown. “It’s like Diamond Street,” he pointed out. The guy considered it with his head, then nodded.
The second time it rang, he was already at the train station, pushing and shoving people here and there so he could catch a seat on the train, or at least a comfortable place to stand. He found neither and had to stay squeezed in between dozens of equally tired strangers, judging by the somber looks on their faces.
,” he said into the awkwardly quiet room. Jo was the first one who burst into laughter. Ellen and Castiel himself followed her lead seconds later, Bobby preferring to chuckle while shaking his head. Dean remained surprised, looking at Castiel with a dumb expression on his face, as if he was a jack-in-the-box. “Wake up, Dean, I’ve made a joke,” Castiel added and Dean chose to attack his friend with a breadcrumbs’ ball as a response, leading to a general laugh, again.
“To be honest, I have no idea.” Castiel replied, mirroring the calmness his companion has shown to him. It was the least he could do. “I’m just here. Perhaps for neither. Perhaps for both.”
Dean limited himself to shake his head and sighed deeply. “Nothing, just thank you,” he said, taking Castiel by his free hand while the other guy closed the store.
"Don’t worry," Castiel answered. "If anything, I have to ask for forgiveness as well, because I never met you again to clear the issue up and you felt uncomfortable at my expense too."
"I see, now…" he said, cleaning his throat again. "I’m sorry," he added with his eyes in the cash machine, while typing and mumbling things like
“You’re James Bond, Dean, you don’t need anyone else,” he said jokingly but stopped once he noticed Dean’s expression. “Are you serious with the melancholy, brother?” Dean nodded closing his eyes and Benny stopped his work completely. “What do you need? We could go with you, but I’m afraid we wouldn’t be helpful. Your brother can do it…”
Dean didn’t know how to answer, but then Castiel answered. Castiel, the saviour. “I was finishing this lemon pie, Ellen. I had to wrap it and decorate it…” he said and winked at Dean. Ellen looked at the package and took it from Castiel’s hands, smirking as if she had not believed Castiel at all.
Their schedule was simple and they tried to stick to it as much as possible. They had assigned their different tasks really well, likewise, and that allowed them to work like clockwork. Castiel was proud of his team.
“Don’t worry! Of course I understand and I thank you for that… it’s just… I’m an idiot, there’s no way I could have lost it.... But I did.”
“Yes, yes, I will be there,” Dean answered, similarly, and before he hung up he heard Charlie over the phone.
“I like that suit in you,” she said to Dean when he was about to close the door behind her. “When all this is over, we should get together and have angry sex.”
“What you will do now?” he asked again in a concerned tone, sitting on the floor, with his back against the wall. Dean sat as well, facing him.
“So sleep, tomorrow apparently our day will be hectic,” Castiel whispered, turning around to the nightstand. When Dean attempted to move with him, Castiel denied it. “I’m looking for my cellphone, I will ask Charlie to take care of the bakery tomorrow morning,” he explained, returning by Dean’s side. “And feel proud of your powers, I don’t usually leave my staff alone in the store, but I’m doing it for you.”
“And I have to be at the office at eight,” Dean added, feeling a knot in his stomach. He wouldn’t say it out loud, but he didn’t want to go. “Don’t worry, Cas, I will take you to work by car,” he added.
“Are you worried about my feelings, Winchester?” Gabriel replied, though not in a malicious way. “You’re not the only one willing to sacrifice something here in the name of Castiel. You will sacrifice your current work and comfort, let me sacrifice a little of my self-esteem,” he thumbed up at Dean and he nodded. “Buckle your seatbelt, squirrel, it’s showtime!”
section, and Dean clicked instantly on it. He didn’t want to reckon the fact to himself, but he has been secretly interested in the infamous Castiel Novak since his first attempt of pursuing a meeting with him, as someone he really wanted to know. Dean assumed he was an interesting person. If he brought those nasty thoughts from people like Zachariah Sandover, he had to be a guy worth making an acquaintance of. The guy was surely an old funny grouch and Dean would have some laughs at his expense. He clicked on the section thinking he would find a picture of him to illustrate it, but, as he supposed, good luck was not in his plans that day.
“Let’s see where your adventure will be…” Gabriel started, opening Wikipedia. The others kept on looking at the screen, whereas only Balthazar and Gabriel spoke up facts they were reading, here and there. “Mmm…
“I know,” Gabriel ratified. “We will sign a new restraining order and he won’t be able to bother you again. And if that guy appears,” Gabriel added thinking about Zachariah’s employee, “I will kick him in the balls, it will hurt him more.”
. Castiel had no idea what they were talking about. He had been in his own world since the moment he had the revelation. However, he smiled at his friends, in order not to worry them too much.
“Ten,” he announced, and Jimmy looked at the sheets in excitement, even when he probably knew what country his cousin was talking about. After all, it was the last one to be announced.
“If you had to buy a cake for Castiel, for instance, what would you buy him?” a policewoman asked him one day.
"Hello, welcome to McDonalds, may I take your order?" Castiel was suddenly interrupted by the greek God and… when had the line cleared up? Was he really that absorbed in his face that he didn’t notice time running? Was he such a teenager?
… I was told it’s magnificent. We can walk along, enjoy the skyline and take a boat, visit the museum... Claire will certainly love it.”
“Good to know, your treatment may help me if I find myself in such a difficulty in the future,” he said, sounding ironic, and downed his face. “I don’t think we are all touched by the same angel as you, but still, I will try,” he opened a drawer and took a paper out of it. “As you may remember, since Miss Vaugier told you, we need a proof you were sick to add to your bundle. Said certificate, in your case, does not exist. Is that true?”
“Thanks for the lovely words, jerk,” Sam answered, faking indignation. Dean was already sitting at his father’s desk. “I’m just fucking helping you here, dude, give me a break,” he added and Dean rolled his eyes. “By the way, if anything, your boyfriend is nothing but an angel, or Casper the friendly ghost...”
“Why?” Gabriel retorted. “Because you’re a little weird and socially awkward? Everybody is weird in their own way, you’re nothing special for that. If anything, you’re special for being a great person considering your family tree.”
“I’ve been travelling with public transportation for two and a half hours,” he justified himself, and Gabriel patted him on the shoulder, shoving a bit to make him go into the living room.
And yeah, that was another bomb he dropped before thinking. Castiel didn’t notice he was talking seriously, although, because he kept on blaming himself. “I don’t know what you’re saying, Dean. I’m still deep in debts, no matter if you think I’m a good guy or not. That’s not something you can change.”
. I thought quitting my job at Zachariah’s enterprise would do the trick, since I was breaking all my ties with her for good… but she still finds a way to keep on pressuring me.”
Jo looked at him, appalled. “Do you really think that, Dean?” she said, in a hurtful tone. “Do you really think Sam or any of us would only make contact with you to criticize your choices? Sam is not trying to keep up with the Joneses here, he doesn’t want you to feel jealous or bad. Nobody wants that. We want to see you, share family moments. We want you to have a family too… is that so hard to understand?”
Castiel wanted to answer that question himself, but apparently he was not able to do it in his dream, at least yet. There was a force keeping him exactly where he was, and he had not enough strength to fight it back. He decided to wait a little longer, then he could try again and asksome questions himself and clear the whole thing, at least a little. Then he would change his dream for a less problematic one with bees and flowers. Dean was invited to those ones, of course.
Dean could hear how Sam was smirking from the other side of the country, and that comforted him. “I bet you will, jerk.”
“I don’t want to talk about my family right now, to be honest,” Dean answered. “But,” he said before Castiel could misunderstand him, “I’d like knowing how your day was, instead. Did I miss something interesting in the bakery today?”
Alfie took the money and left looking offended. Perhaps Dean needed to work a little better about his manners.
Crowley had said once, and Dean had a hard time realizing it was a literal expression. If Dean didn’t stop that game they were playing it would hurt them both, or ruin their relationship, whatever it was they were involved in, and Dean knew that was the last thing he wanted to chase.
Benjamin thumbed up (it looked like a common response of him) and started driving again. “Since you’re stopping there, you can see the Palace of Justice,” he said. “It’s an extraordinary building, I’ve learned tourists like you love it.”
Benjamin’s car stopped for the last time some minutes later. “Here we are,” he said, opening the car’s lock. Castiel paid the bill, took his backpack and opened his own door, getting out of the car. Benjamin helped him, taking the suitcase out of the trunk.
He grabbed the first suit to hand without looking which it was (something unlikely for him) and had a quick bath. After some boring minutes driving on streets full of angry drivers and construction, he made it to Sandover. Becky looked at him as if he was a ghost and greeted him with a serious expression, which left Dean uneasy on his walk to his office.
“That’s abnormal, Gabe. You will die of hyperglycemia or something similar. Your arteries are going to be all obstructed any day from now,” Castiel replied, as serious as he could, but Gabriel replied with a laugh. It was clear his cousin didn’t have time to be a pessimist. “Where is everybody else?” Castiel asked, changing the subject.
“Awesome. Hey, you want to come over to my shop? I’ve got a bunch of scrap wood. You can choose what you like best, and I can slap a few together in a couple hours. You can keep me company.”
“Oh. Mostly errands, I suppose. Large enough to carry a few larger purchases. Reliable enough to take short trips, such as to Topeka. Preferably fuel efficient.”
“If by that you mean I chose not to go into detail with my brothers about the educational program I was pursuing, then yes. You are correct. Michael and Luc did not expect that I would stray from the path set for me, so they did not pursue independent verification of my course of study. Somewhat to my own surprise, I found that I enjoyed the topic immensely. And while the employment opportunities are extremely limited, there is a small market for scholarly works on the subject even if you are not an official member of the academic community.”
Charlie clapped her hands together and smiled brightly at the both of them. “So, Cas, Dean and I were talking. You have any plans for New Year’s Eve? Because we’re doing a Lord of the Rings marathon. Probably a Lord of the Rings New Year’s Eve and Day slumber party, because let’s be real, we won’t be done by midnight and we’ll have to finish up on New Year’s Day, after the Rose Parade.”
“Not a problem, Cas. And Cas? Maybe drink tea instead of coffee today. You tend to get heartburn when you drink coffee if you’re upset to start with.”
“No, but Sam Winchester does. You’re going to have to talk to him, find out what the situation really is. He seemed like a nice guy. I’ll stay if you want me to.”
Unfortunately, traveling from the beach also meant they had to walk uphill. Normally that wasn’t an issue for Castiel. He got around on foot most of the time, but it had been a long, exhausting day. By the time they got back to his house after returning the cart, he was nearly stumbling. He fumbled with the key, finally succeeding in opening the door. It took a moment to light the oil lamp, but soon a soothing light shone over the front room.
“Yeah. Benny had a prior commitment. We’re wrapping up on his part for now, anyhow. Another day or two should do it, until and unless you decide to do some bigger remodels. If it’s okay we’ll need to get into the turret room, upgrade the outlets there.”
Charlie worked some of her magic on the laptop. “No one else in the city, but there are some people we might be able to call on, in a crunch.”
“I have a duty to take all such complaints seriously. Though, given that you and I are close friends, I am obligated to recuse myself from the investigation because Ms. Talbot would be able to reasonably claim bias. That means that Mr. Walker will either investigate himself, or possibly choose to retain outside legal counsel to investigate.”
Castiel cleared his throat, putting on an expression of disgruntlement. “I should think that would be rather self-evident.”
“Unless you have a valid court order and have filled out a request and paid the applicable fees, you’ll have to use the library records.”
She sighed. “Fine. I’ll just give you both a chaste kiss on the cheek when the ball drops, because I’m not going to risk my luck for the year, but also… no offense, love you to death, but you’re not my type. Way too many muscles.”
“Hi..” Castiel spoke weakly and squirmed in the corner. I rose and tried to say hi back but he turned around to get some plates.
“Holy shit! ”I started to stuff my things in my green bag. I just remembered I had my first therapy session at 12:25. Yeah… Therapy. I was required to take therapy in any college/university I would go to. Due to some past complications….. I got up in a hurry and forgot that my shoelaces weren’t tied beforehand and well I stepped on my shoelace. I yelped. Trying to desperately get a hold of something to stop my great fall. Not only did I fall asleep in front of this guy but I was about to kiss the fucking floor. Truly amazing. I closed my eyes and waited for impact. I never kissed the floor instead I was cradled in someone’s arms. I opened my eyes and Dean’s gentle face came into view. Oh freckles.. They were like the constellations spread out on that pretty face of his.
“Okie… are you trying to kill me?” I half-joked but I carefully inspected the coffee. At this point of my life questioned people actual intentions. He laughed and shook his head frantically. I tilted my head again confused.
I am dreaming. The only reason why I knew is because this was all too familiar. I have the same dream most nights. Micheal standing there with a smirk of Triumph. I know this means I lost. I lost everything. I did love Michael but I often question why he did to me. All I ever did was give him the love and support he craved so much. This wasn’t a dream this was a memory. It was October 17th. Of course I remember. He made me finally break into pieces. The numbness was growing. I was stuck in the loop. He abused me to the end. His words never change.
Welcome to College. New beginnings for new bullshit. It is Monday and I have three classes to tackle but at least I have a two hour break in between. College is not as bad as high schooler teachers say. One of my professors was odd. He told us he gave up being a cop to get a Masters in Theology. Man I spent two hours hearing about God. God this, God that. No offense, I respect people's beliefs. But here I am a gay person sitting in a class for Writing 101 with a teacher who talks about God more than a Jehovah's witness. After that class I was drained but I had to get to my next class. I literally begged that I didn’t get another religious professor or I will cry. I knew the class was about to chaotic once I saw the professor’s name written on the board and his oddly welcoming chester cat smile.
Getting a new therapist can be challenging. But Cass has a lot to face today. Everyday it's a new beginning. College is Castiel's Fresh start to becoming an adult in the real world.
“I am your therapist, Pamela Barnes” she opened the door sticking out her hand to lead me to the other hallway. Oh thank Jesus… she was just calling me.I got up and walked behind her. It was quiet. Too quiet. I honestly hate having a new therapist. My other therapist was awesome. It's always awkward at first. What if she is like mean or like we don’t click like my other therapist. I frowned at the thought.
Suddenly I remembered Dean had written something down in a paper and put it in my cup holder in my car. I debated whether to go downstairs or just stay in my room and get it tomorrow.
“Oh hell no! Why you trying to touch,Cassie,you yeehaw boy?” I see Gabe stand in between us. Dean stepped back confused. I groan. Gabe no….
I was about to retort when Dean called out Gabriel’s name as he was walking towards us. Before he could reach us I turned slightly towards Gabe.
I washed her doggy bowls and gave her fresh food and water. I headed up the stairs to my room. No one is going to be home today until 8pm.
“ Hello?” I nervously whispered. My hands were shaking. And there it was a cheesy smile I could not hide.
I entered the number several times but decided against calling him. I put his phone number next in my nightstand drawer.
I drove to this small little ledge where you can see the city view from afar. I needed this. I got out of my car and I sat on my hood.
I felt the small round table move slightly. I jerked up and the first thing that came into view was the empty seat. Great, Dean had left while I drifted off. Man I hate going to sleep. This is why I don’t go to sleep. I sighed in exhaustion. I then turned to my right and Dean was standing right next to me with two cups of coffee in his hands. I jumped up slightly. Shit he fucking scared me. I touched my face just Incase I cried again in my sleep. I put my hand on my chest to calm myself down. He smiled and moved closer. I could smell the scent of leather and vanilla mint rolling off him. Oddly this feels peaceful…..
“Castiel, you want me to walk with you... to class?” Dean asks. Gabe smirked. I know what he is thinking.
I sat down hoping I would get to talk to Castiel but he didn’t seem to want to socialize. I decided that I didn’t want to push my luck. He sat down across the table from me. The entire dinner was just Alfie talking to me. No matter how many times I tried to start a conversation with Castiel so he would not be left out he responded with silence. I observed the way he twirled his fork on the plate. He barely was eating anything. He looked so fragile and pale.
I logged in and just saw discussion questions. I quickly typed them in and submitted them. I closed my laptop and turned to hug Sugar.
“Castiel? Did you even hear anything I just said to you?” I just blinked and stood straight. The heat rushed back to my face when I realized that I panicked in front of someone I just met today.
“I don’t know dude. He is a piece of shit. But hey the campus is big. You probably won’t see him.” He suggested. It clicked in my head that Gabe was right and so I just let the thought go. I am going to move on. I told myself. Yes I will
“Well, whoever scared you solid is gone. Do you want me to drive?” He asked as he stretched his hand. I reached in my pocket and gave him my car keys without a word. We walked towards my car and I waited for him to unlock the car. I got myself settled and I just stared out the window blankly. I don’t feel like talking right now or well maybe for a few days…
Finally, I could see my car and I sighed in relief because I was able to complete this day. An Entire Day. I am proud of myself. And then, I saw him. My stomach dropped.
What are the odds of going to the same college as my ex. None. None at all. It’s a community college and literally 85% of the people I graduated with are here. I was suppose to go to NYU or Johnson and Wales but no I had to fuck up my last two years and had to come to this community college to fix up my grades. The issue of seeing almost everyone I graduated with is none expect my ex. I knew he was a lying little shit (Jokes on me he is taller) but didn’t he say he had plenty of scholarships. So why the hell is he here.
This particular patch was right outside the County Records office, which is how he happened to be in the perfect spot to overhear things he probably shouldn’t have.
Cas’ fingers still on the keyboard, and he slowly turns his chair until he’s facing Dean. “Yes. Ticket. The wedding is on Saturday, and the events start Thursday morning. Wednesday is your first day off. So yes. Ticket. For the airfare.”
“About three years,” Castiel replied. “I was fortunate to receive the museum post upon my return from England.”
“Well, no. Not really. It’s actually just Horner, but I like Horndoggle better. So far I haven’t used it in her presence. She’s sweet. I should introduce you.”
The house smelled like pumpkin pie and roasting turkey when Cas and Claire arrived. Emma let them in and took their coats. Sometimes it made his heart hurt, how fast his baby was growing up. But then she dragged Claire over to watch Frozen, and everything was okay again.
“I’ve said a little. More about the job than about you specifically. I mean, yeah, they’re curious. It’s a small town. New people move in, people are curious.”
“I liked her,” Castiel said eventually, after Gabriel had gone to find the washer and dryer and get the bedding tossed into the laundry. The sounds the machines made were vaguely alarming, but they did seem to be working.
“The rules in Daydream World are different than they are here,” Cas said, though more gently. “Living humans can’t walk through their Hell without going mad. And we have to go through our Hell, because that’s where the portal is, and then to their Hell and their Earth. Apparently, there’s a door in the First Circle.”
“Yes. Crowley or Aziraphale usually preens them, here.” He fidgeted them. “Based on his body language I believe that Lucifer might try, too. Truth be told I am—unsure how I feel about that.”
it, wanted like he’d wanted nothing else before, so he pulled Cas down to the chair and made him sit, before perching on the arm himself.
“Yes, and also I hate her,” said Lucifer conversationally. “But she’s his match. And she’s very angry at him. I gave her a new universe for her very own with Azrael’s Blade. If I could just find her, find the entrance to her universe again, and tell her what Dad’s doing—there’s a good chance she’ll help. Dad is, after all, murdering all of her children. Angels,” he added to Chloe.  “She doesn’t much care for humans, though she definitely cares for my wretched siblings
Cas nodded. “Yes. But they are infinite. They will be here in a hundred years, a thousand. You will not. I planned to spend your lifetime with you.”
The tertiaries were finicky and layered close to Cas’s back and his warm skin. Cas shifted them a little, trying to make them easier to access. It helped. Dean ran the backs of his fingers against Cas’s skin, where the wing joined, both in thanks and in curiosity.
“Is this true?” Cas asked Amenadiel. They already knew this, of course, but it was good to hear it confirmed. Well, it was crap to hear it confirmed, actually, but still.
“Aziraphale’s stalling,” Crowley told him, his eyes hidden behind a pair of sunglasses. He looked totally sober. His black hair was wet, too, like he’d just showered
and they are very warm, and I know them well. There is a trust element to this that Aziraphale is explaining poorly; I feel that I trust you, and I feel content
“Well, that’s never good,” Ella sighed. “No offence,” she said to Dean. “Where’s Crowley? Wait, if you’re here, is Castiel here? I haven’t met him yet!”
“Alright!” said Lucifer, hopping off his stool. “I have a house that will be suitable for just this purpose. And I’m not telling any of you busy bodies where it is. Crowley, Aziraphale, I’ll give you a call when we’re ready. Pigeon, get your act together and boink your human so you can cast the paradox, will you?”
harder than Crowley’s entire outfit did. He looked like a goddamned club owner, or a high-class pimp. This was, admittedly, a very different look than the Lucifer of their world. Dean wasn’t exactly reassured, but it was – well – something to see so clearly that this one was different. He sang beautifully, though he scowled at Cas through it.
“What do you mean, vessel?” Ella asked, mimicking Dean’s tone. She frowned. “I feel like Crowley mentioned this, once.”
“Yes. I nearly forgot who I was entirely. Crowley brought me back.” Aziraphale obligingly took the stone from Watchdog and tossed it. It transformed into a stick, and the dog caught it midair.
. It was gilded, open and large with a bit for the guy driving the horses and a big section for everyone else.  Of course, there were no horses; it was pulled by
He was a little freaked out at the violence that coiled tense in Dean’s shoulders, but angry enough on behalf of his Pigeon to keep on shouting.
Cas’s retirement plan. It filled Dean with a weird kind of peace and sorrow to know that Cas had one. Who would have thought? Sam’s didn’t work out, Bobby’s didn’t work out, nobody’s worked out really but Cas—Cas had a good, solid plan and people who loved him. People who would live forever, and who were waiting for him, who he could return to any time he liked. Good.
“From Heaven,” growled Lucifer. “Not nowhere. You said he came from Heaven. An act of war.” He clenched a fist, visibly angry. His eyes glowed red, just a little.  Dean had seen that red glow on Nightmare Lucifer before; it was unsettling to see it here, too, on Daydream Lucifer. “I will not be manipulated.”
He did love her, Dean thought, skeptical of the thought even though literally everyone had been telling him that, even though it was clear they could do a paradox. Lucifer’s eyes flashed a little, protective, as if daring Dean to threaten them. Surprisingly, Dean had no intention of doing that.
Dean followed him down a hall. He was worried he was going to hear, like, loud sex or something, because of how loopy Crowley and Aziraphale had been, but there was no sound
He took another bite of his sausage. Honestly, the sausage thing would be way funnier if Cas were here. He wouldn’t get it. It would be great. They were good sausages, too.
“I think we have a lot to talk about, Dean,” she said, but it wasn’t threatening like Crowley had been.
. “He must have crashed right through. Ella, can you tell if he flew through, or if he was thrown into it?”
Cas looked back at him, impassive, but one of his wings twitched. Dean gave him bigger, sadder eyes—and then something thumped him. He jumped.
Lucifer. Dean should have clocked his location right away, but he'd been distracted by all the wings and the hugging, so wildly out of character from a demon. Now, he turned to him.
By this point Lucifer had got rid of Raguel’s mutts, leaving only Shepherd, who was exhausted from playing with them all morning. He’d got the dogs to good homes, even, dammit. Bloody Angel Network.
Well as huge as the campus was life could not be less of an asshole. There he was in the library. At the bookstore. At the Dunkin’ Donuts. Everywhere I went he was there. I tried my best to ignore him. Because I had a feeling he liked to see me suffering like I suffered during my senior year of high school because of him. Man I hate the guy. Can he go lie somewhere else?I thought to myself.
“Okay, Cass. You can call me Pamela,” She offered a warm smile “so what brings you here?” I shifted on my chair.
“Micheal. Man just when I thought I was finally rid of him. He apparently comes to this college too. Also he waltz in with his new girlfriend, Ana Milton.” I rambled on. Although Gabe was known for being a complete jokester; he was very serious about what bothered me. I went on explaining how I felt about everyone asking me what happened between Michael and I. Gabe just nodded and frowned. After I finished Gabe gave me a hug.
“Is this about Castiel?...” he stared at me as I looked away at my car’s black sleek hood. I straightened my back and looked at him.
“Dean Winchester. The name is Dean Winchester.” he flashed a pearly smile. I just hummed in acknowledgement. Dean just looked at me and shrugged. He pulled out a notebook and his textbook. Normally I would say wow this shit is awkward and get up. But I just sat there looking out of the window. Damn it was cloudy. Okie I should probably say hi or my name. Please for the sake of your dog at home don’t make yourself look like a fool when you talk to this guy. If you do I swear I am dropping out. I nervously cleared my throat and looked down at his hands. He had pretty hands. The silver band on his middle finger and a black watch on his right wrist. Dean looked up from his notebook.
“I mean I don’t want to intrude. I just think he could use a friend.” I finished. I tightened my hands on my wheel.
“Casti- I uhh have to go.” I interrupted him. He closed his mouth and took out a blue pen and wrote on a piece of notebook paper. He later folded it and put it in the cup holder. He opened the door and got out. He walked up to his front door and just lingered there. I unbuckled myself and opened the Passenger door. I accidentally slammed it shut which caused Dean to look over. I I walked to the driver seat and settled myself in. He was still waiting in front of his door. I flushed and pressed on the gas. I ran a couple of stop signs.
“Hey Sammy!” I answered. I heard him complain about me calling him Sammy again when he was already in high school. I rolled my eyes in response.
“Alright let’s go!” I forced a smile. And Dean waved goodbye at Gabe as we walked to the front entrance. It was quiet.
“ Tell Castiel I say bye.” The way my name rolled off his lips instantly made the blood flow to my ears and across my cheeks..
“Well, Cassie. Don’t get mad but I offered Dean-o a ride, but I suddenly remembered I have to go see my professor.” He smirked.
“So I am guessing you don’t know where you parked?” Dean spoke up breaking up my train of thought. When I looked up at him and a teasing smile greeted me. I looked down and laughed.
“Coffee?” he placed the coffee cup in front of me. I blinked completely confused to why he took the trouble to get me coffee. Well maybe because you fell asleep in front of him, you complete dumbass. Or?
“Alright, catch you guys later.” I watched as he walked to the end of the commons hall. The way his bow-legs moved and his dirty blond hair shimmered in the comparison to the dull hallway colors.
along with his phone number. I couldn't help but smile just a little but it was followed with embarrassment.
“Castiel? Where do you get such a name?” He curiously asked making eye contact but there was a hint of a joking tone.
“I am your in-school therapist, Pamela Barnes. Nice to finally meet you, Mr Novak.” she opened the door sticking out her hand to lead me to the other hallway.
Thank you for reading my first chapter. I really took my time doing this chapter. I hope you guys like it.
I lost myself in my own thoughts again. I need to do something before I fall apart again. I don’t want to fail again the same way I did in high school. This is college. I told myself the entire summer that this is a new beginning. I forced myself to get up and walked to the bathroom. I splashed some cold water on my face. I looked back at my reflection. It’s almost as if I was looking at someone else. I sighed and made my way to my room. I silently closed the door and reached my bed.
“ Hello?” I nervously whispered. My hands were shaking. And there it was a cheesy smile I could not hide.
“I am professor Spengler. And I will be teaching you mythology and arts.” he threw glitter into the air. Do I need this class? No but it was about to be fun? Yeah.
I traced the dark circles under my eyes. I sighed and decided to shower. I stepped into the shower and let the hot water run down my shoulders
“ Nothing looking for an assignment. I thought I left here,” I frowned. She nodded and walked back inside. I ran back inside and made my way to my room. My relationship with Hannah was simple. We used to talk a lot and hang out alot but then she got busy with school and work that there was barely any time for us. I can still see she cares for me and we try to talk but usually she is too tired from her shifts at the hospital. I do sometimes miss her.
“ Son of a b- what! I called you twice!” He interrupted and walked up the stairs. I heard him walk to his room and close the door. I just blinked and walked towards the stairs. I definitely need to get in bed. I felt my body demand to lay down on the bed already by the end of the stairs. I did a quick smell check.
I know it's been an year or more since I posted a chapter. I will have to apologize for the wait. I was going through a year of recovery. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter as much as i enjoyed writing it. I will be updating weekly. :) I hope all of you are okay after such a harsh year. And may you guys keep being safe.
I laid down on my side and my phone started to vibrate. I looked at my phone and sat my ass right up. HE IS CALLING ME! What the hell am I suppose to do! I took a deep breath and picked up.
These will be his raw thoughts and feelings. Although he is unsure why he feels so compelled to Castiel he tries hard to respect Castiel.
“Dominos pizza! What are you ordering, hot stuff?” Gabe answered as an overpowering blast of Bohemian Rhapsody hit the phone. I pulled the phone away from my ear and winced.
“Let me guess. You think Deanie Beanie will be an asshole to you just because you are going to therapy .” I started to walk away.
This chapter consists of themes of physical and mental abuse, Sexual trauma and toxic relationships.
“ It’s going to be $13.50” she extended her hand. I dropped a Twenty and walked away. I walked towards my car and went to turn it on when I heard someone tapping on my window. It was this guy again. I lowered my window and looked straight ahead.
“Point to you,” Crowley drawled. “Showing interest. That’s the right question. He means fix them. Preen them. We’ll show you how to do it, too.”
Cas was making a peculiar sound too, very low and very soft. Dean could feel it in his chest pleasantly. He’d never made a sound like that at home. Dean pondered this drowsily, drifting. He felt relaxed and warm and like he was exactly where he wanted to be, Cas near and cherished. Cas’s funny vibration resonated in Dean’s chest. Watchdog snuffled at his feet, and that was a Hellhound, but she also liked belly rubs and they’d played earlier, so who could be afraid of a dog like that?
“Michael Taxiarch.” His blue eyes twinkled with mischief. He didn’t rise but he leaned forward conspiratorially. “Means ‘brigadier,’” he said, like he was sharing a secret
“But for how long, Lucifer?” she demanded. “If I can’t work, how long? Trixie has to go to school, and I can’t just—you can’t just put us somewhere safe and wait for it to pass! What if it never passes?”
Humans had opinions about how they were carried? Belial always carried humans over his shoulders so he could hear them kicking and screaming, but he kind of thought that Castiel wouldn’t enjoy that.
Crowley would definitely not know what to do, but he would shout, so Castiel was right about that at least.
He’d pinched him! That brat! Sex was messy and full of landmines for Crowley, but Aziraphale knew them all, and could navigate them perfectly. Crowley was feeling excellent after that paradox; he could be convinced.
“We have to go to Lucifer,” Ella had said, insistent. “If you won’t, I will. He’s gonna freak, but he has to know.”
Cas chuckled at Dean, looking fond. He must have a look on his face. “They’re very good,” Cas said, taking some for himself. That was weird, too. Cas usually didn’t eat.
, I found more information on the miracle that made Detective Decker.  It was intended to make Lucifer human, or human enough to produce another Antichrist. But the power required for something like that—it affects other Celestials, too.”
“Saw it at the Globe,” Crowley muttered. “With Aziraphale.” He tilted his head to the angel, leaning against the chair, quiet, watching.
It wasn’t that she didn’t like it. She liked it quite a bit, actually. Linda had a lot of supernatural in her life, and she liked to think she’d adjusted pretty well. But a paradox was intimate. It was right there close in her heart, and it was kind of overwhelming. Good, but overwhelming--sometimes too overwhelming. It was private. She was definitely not up to a public one like that.
Emma and Claire were talking, whispering low enough that Dean couldn’t make out what they were saying above the hum of the freezers. But then both little girls turned as one.
“You won’t be able to count on its reliability without reviewing the sources, and there is no time for that. You will simply have to decide whether or not you trust me, based on the few interactions we have had. I can assure you that the information is highly reliable. We have had interactions with the Walker Wing before, and it is in our interests to monitor them to the best of our ability.”
Castiel tapped his fingers against his thigh, working through various ideas. This was… it was risky. Incredibly risky. But there was no way he could track down Walker in the amount of time they had. He could be anywhere. So risky, yes, but more risky than the alternative?
“You absolutely could, and should.” He walked Dean to the door, making sure he remembered the tools he’d abandoned when the delivery showed up. “Gabriel will send more than I would ever choose to eat.”
Just as he was targeting, a roar shattered the silence. A blur of blue-black intercepted the red dragon, crashing into him and knocking him to the side. Another dragon? What the fuck? This one was larger, using its mass to block the blast of dragon fire. It howled, the stench of brimstone filled the air as the red’s flame coruscated over the blue’s neck and wings. The blue reared up, dancing out of the way as the red attempted to twine around it, using its more snake-like body to constrict.
Anxiety kept him up most of the night, though he thought he might have gotten a little sleep now and then. Once the sun rose, he hauled himself out of the chair and sought something, anything, to occupy himself. Scrubbing down the kitchen counters, mopping the floor, getting down on his hands and knees to reach into those little corners that usually got ignored… anything.
By the time Jody Mills left and Cas limped his way into the makeshift dining area tucked into the corner of the sitting room, Dean had the meal all set up. “You sure you want to stay here tonight?” Dean asked even before Cas had made it to the chairs. “If it creeps you out or anything you’re more than welcome to stay at my place. You can have the bed. I’ll sleep on the couch or something.”
Regardless of his personal feelings on the matter, refusal was not an option. He’d be unlikely to refuse in any event. One did not turn ones back on this type of opportunity. Dean’s book was turning out to be something of a disappointment so far as his professional reputation was concerned; perhaps Mr. Roman’s collection would offer material more suitable for academic discourse.
Castiel’s application for the temporary position in support of the biggest event of the century listed numerous positions at smaller designers and florists, enough to be considered properly experienced, not so many that his wages would be out of budget. The balance had been carefully researched, and the references carefully coached on how to answer the questions during the screening process.
“I’ll stay too,” Gabriel said, moving slightly to stand beside him. Gabriel was a handful of inches shorter than Castiel, physically smaller and less fit, but he had a way of making Castiel feel safer. Gabriel was the only one who had ever really paid any attention to what Castiel liked.
Mr. Winchester pulled out a wallet and slapped a number of bank notes on the desk. “This should be enough to retain your services. The balance will be payable upon completion of the work.”
“Hey, none of that feeling sorry for yourself crap,” Dean says, taking a sip of the champagne, then a second, deeper one before he sets the glass aside. “Come on. Let’s dance.”
Cas tilted his head to the side again, regarding Dean as though he was trying to figure him out. As though Dean were some sort of a novelty, or something foreign to his experience entirely. “That is a unique philosophy.”
Cas rose one hand in a calming gesture. “It’s okay, Dean.” He took a breath, reached out to take Claire’s hand and squeezed it. “For my part, I am grateful for good friends to spend this holiday with, and help us to remember that we still have people in our lives who are welcoming us into their lives and helping us to celebrate.”
Dean glanced to the side just in time to catch sight of Cas disappearing into the elevator. Yep. The rear view was definitely worth checking out. “Good, it was good. Went through policies, org charts, a map of the building.”
He doesn’t know how he let Dean talk him into this so easily. His entire family is going to pity him. Oh, they won’t say it that directly. They’ll just give him sad looks and cluck their tongues, shake their heads when they think he isn’t looking. Poor Castiel, with all the social grace of a clam.
Dean from the moment they first met. He just hadn’t conceived that his appreciation might be returned.
“No, can’t do that. Or… well. Could I time shift? Would you be okay with me coming over on Saturday?”
“Oh yeah? I knew she’d been friends with Mrs. Albright, but I hadn’t realized it went back that long. Mildred Baker is good people. She knit a baby blanket for Mariel that we use all the time. It’s soft and has gorgeous colors in it.”
Castiel hesitated. Should he investigate? It was likely nothing of importance. Certainly he’d never heard anything quite like it before, but that didn’t mean much. It could be something as simple as one of the residents practicing some unusual musical instrument. Yes. It was almost certainly entirely harmless. Even if it wasn’t harmless, what was he going to do about it? Hit it over the head with his book satchel?
“The home of the angels?” Dean snorts. “From what I’ve heard about your aunt and uncle, not to mention your cousins, that seems singularly inapt. So, Mr. Architect, what style is this place, anyhow?”
Castiel caught his breath at that, surprised by the flush of pleasure Dean’s words brought. “Perhaps so. Good night.”
Cas was, therefore, surprised when Dean called him one evening while he was stirring his homemade marinara sauce. He was looking forward to being able to use tomatoes and herbs he’d grown in his own garden. He hoped that Great Aunt Hester would approve.
He was standing near the door, looking in through the glass panel. As Dean watched he reached out to test the door. It was locked. Of course it was locked. There were precious objects in that room. Well, there were precious objects everywhere in the palace, but some of those in the antechamber were more precious than most.
Cas considered that for a moment. “No, that is unnecessary. You can open them and then tell me or show me what’s inside, and then label the box with where it should go. I truly hope that Gabriel was exaggerating about not having any organization scheme to how he packed — or at the very least, that he didn’t go out of his way to be random about how he packed the boxes, because I had my belongings somewhat organized at the apartment. He would have had to work to combine bathroom items with books. Though I would not put it past him. He has a twisted sense of humor, at times.”
Cas looked around the turret room. It still wasn’t much. He’d relocated a small folding table and chair he’d found in one of Great Aunt Hester’s closets, setting them up as a work surface after cleaning the room as much as he reasonably could. Scrubbing the floor took time. Some of the spots on the floor he didn’t want to think about too much. Getting the roof replaced was not a project that could be postponed indefinitely, if there were the occasional small animal getting inside. He was fairly sure there were mice in the house. Perhaps he would get a cat. Or at the very least some live traps to set out. He liked mice, but that didn’t mean he wanted to share his living space with them.
“What… where did that other dragon come from? Wasn’t Michael. He’s all gold with bright silver edges, not, not gorgeous… midnight blue.” He coughed, and the motion sent searing pain flashing across his ribs.
Cas tucked his hand inside the pocket of his trench coat, finding the worry stone there and turning it in his fingers. “Hello,” he replied, working to keep his shoulders from hunching.
“Not yet. The alert only just pinged on my tracking software. I’ll call Gabriel and let him know, but you’re the only one on the premises, so it’s going to fall mainly on you.”
“Whoa.” He’d been roomies with Cas for years, and this? This might be the most frightening expression he’s ever seen. “You could probably zap me to green goo with the strength of that glare. Sit down. I’ll get us beers, and you can tell me what’s got you in a state.”
This was so much more than attraction, than desire. Cas was the most amazing person he’d ever met. Being with him made Dean feel things he hadn’t felt before, a level of contentment and satisfaction that he’d never even dreamed of.
Sam ran his finger over one of the bees. “So this is sort of a courtship gift. I mean, we know he’s into guys, so you’re good there. And you’re, what was it you like to say, an equal opportunity kind of a guy?”
“Indeed.” He dipped his spoon into his chowder far more fastidiously, chewing and swallowing before speaking again. “You do realize it’s far too soon for me to have completed the translation work.”
“You know, I’m not exactly a model citizen. I’m not. But hell, the stuff that’s been going on there is making my head spin. And then Cas…” He choked up. “I fucked up, Sammy. I fucked up so bad.”
Dean grimaces. “Arrogant disdain. That’s one word for it. I’d call it a superiority complex. Anna’s pretty cool, but her brothers are both douches. If I knew how to play golf at all I’d love to kick his ass at it.”
He smiled to himself at the flight of fancy, but it also prompted some curiosity about the history of the town. Maybe at some point he would make his way to the town archives. Smaller towns like this, most of the documents were unlikely to be available online. Perhaps someday a Steven Emmanuel book could be set in a town like this. There would have to be many changes. His books weren’t so closely based on reality. But a few twists and turns, and perhaps…
