“I’ll keep that in mind. I have a lot of catching up to do, I suppose.”
other planets, they didn’t have a
“Get up,” she ordered, her voice ringing clear in the silence that had fallen with her presence. No one dared to move, wide eyes darting to Hawborne, then away. Cerioth swore he could feel individual droplets of sweat beading down the back of his neck. The man simply groaned, his face flushed and weary - dehydrated. Irene stepped closer to him. Cerioth sucked in a breath as he saw her knee lift, the heel of her boot coming down hard against the man’s ribs. Hawborne shrieked as a snap sounded through the air, his face turning pale as a sheet. The Dragon felt sick as he watched the man beside him clutch his middle, writhing against the sand.
Sherlock looked at him uncertainly, shuffling shyly from foot to foot as he was suddenly overcome with a bout of self-consciousness. Trying not to let it show, the Dragon spoke rather gruffly in John's mind.
She said this with such conviction that John was for a moment brought short, his mouth left hanging open with unspoken objections rendered moot. Until that point, John wasn’t totally sure Dodge even liked him, and yet here she was recommending his services? What was more, what was a simple lieutenant
“I need you to listen to the sound of my voice.....You don't have to respond verbally, just listen....”
Water. Dripping water.
you that this one had a liking for danger!”
For a moment, no one dared to breathe. There was only the sound of steam hissing like the coils of a rattlesnake from
SH..... Sherlock Holmes. A message from the mystery man that had somehow convinced one of the shyest and loneliest personalities that he was
Without a word, John held his Stone out to her, blue eyes as dark as its near-opaque surface. His sister's insults fell silent, and she looked at him with wide eyes. Harry's lips parted in surprise, and her instinctive reaction was to deny it.
He sounded somehow, sad.
and somewhat Mrs Hudson's, if only in name) he had known there would be no convincing the soldier. It had been obvious in the line of John's jaw, his firm and unmoving use of his body language. The Dragon had seen it the moment the man had sat him down on the couch, hands wringing themselves somewhat apprehensively even as they had allowed Sherlock to
And the creature's cerulean eyes slitted, cat-like and predatory as his melody became more insistent.
Yet nothing he did seemed to work. John felt himself slipping again, easing back into the cool black waters. The last thing he heard was his mum's cries, her hands on his face. She stroked the spot where Sherlock had kissed him.
l.” He hissed “And I despise humans. I learned my lesson long ago not to trust them, more than anything else in this thrice-damned universe you and father created! Yet you thrust him upon me like a wet kitten and expect me to take him when he isn’t even my equal. He is
He took in the familiar scent of tea and earthiness, a trademark of John that Sherlock found himself rapidly starting to associate with 'safety' (Much to his annoyance). It was the strongest flavour that rolled off of his tongue, but now that he had a better chance to analyze, he could tell right away it wasn't the only one. Under the predominant scent of the Human, other smells lingered like accompanying flowers to a bouquet, surrounding the centre that was John. Strings of sandalwood cleaner and violet perfume (girlfriend? No, not the scent of a young woman) mingled and wound around the sharp scent of gun oil and boot polish, probably from up the stairs where John's bedroom door stood open. With it there was the muted smell of bacon from the other day, followed by a newer scent that was equally delicious but that Sherlock didn't recognize.
Truthfully, the ex-army doctor wasn't sure how well his words were received. It was still debatable just how much the Selkie truly understood of what he was saying, and if possible Sherlock's hissing snarls only increased in volume. The man was half-wild, writhing and thrashing on the bed, causing the old wood underneath his frame to whine and protest shrilly. It was a cacophony of horrible shrieking, and John resisted the urge to clap his hands over his ears and wince. Like the sky itself was protesting the capture of such a peculiar creature, lightning forked in the windows, turning Sherlock's eyes from baleful blue to slitted silver. Mad, rolling and menacing. John could hear the waves hitting the beach with more force than usual, and as the sun began to wash over the shore in dull peach tones, it was quickly covered by a rumbling storm. A part of the army doctor wanted to flinch from the way the window panes rattled in his ears, quivering in their frames like scared children running for cover.
Thank you all again so much for enjoying this story! <3
But Sherlock suddenly rose, sinuous and graceful as a snake as he shoved John out of his personal space, eyes blazing as cold fury crackled. He bared his teeth in a snarl, shout ringing throughout the flat as he roared
is the infamous-”
For one, she was beautiful as a sunrise, her hair a deep mahogany red, tied up with military-neat precision. She bore the colouring of an English Dragon, eyes piercing blue and cheeks rosy pink. But that wasn't what gave her presence. Rather, it was in the colour of her scales, which glinted in patches at her neck and under her sleeves. Brilliant, shining gold. The hilt of a decorative sword. Her Master held out his hand to John with an easy smile.
John wasn't dull like the rest of the world, and would understand his somewhat manic insistence on the doctor's safety.
“We are not playing a game.” Sherlock growled, growing frustrated at constantly being played with, being danced about. He was growing worried, and it was clouding his judgement. He could not fix this if he couldn't worm his way towards the heart of the problem. That was what he had always been good at. Yet until now he had been cautious, unwilling to crack open John. He could normally shatter people, break them from the inside out and get to the live, pumping veins that made up their process of thinking. Their very core. The instincts that drove them to love and lose and murder and lust and grieve. He could look through a person like wet tissue paper, peel back every layer, and it was because he could detach himself and stop thinking of the person as anything more than a riddle to solve.
Sherlock slept in a sea of darkness.
” And he tacked on the last bit at the end, all but muttering it as he nosed John's hairline with a protective nuzzle. The feeling of it was nice, sweet, and John would have normally used it as an excuse to plant a kiss to his husband's elegant collarbone, but now he refused to be distracted, struggling free from his Mate's embrace as he admonished him sternly
It wasn’t God that answered John’s call. Instead it was something else, a piece of something that had wound up in his shoulder. The soldier could remember the warm glow of it sometimes, imprinted on the back of his eyelids. It whispered to him a name, even as the world crumbled away and left John bereft in a sea of darkness, alone and afraid.
“He knows, though.” Irene said, meaning their relationship. Kate huffed a laugh, shoulder shrugging as she looked off into the distance.
The government certainly does love acronyms.” He chuckled, and Sherlock cracked a small, crooked smile. The Dragon was surprised however, when John revealed something else from its hiding place in the depths of his pockets. A brass key glinted ornately in his fingers, the black cord dangling from his palm as he lifted it to gently wrap around Sherlock's neck. The Dragon looked at the key with curiosity, long, pale fingers curling about the handle with interest. Sherlock could read the address on its end, confusion etched into his features as he asked aloud
Sneak looked at him with huge, understanding eyes that spoke of the horror of menial labour.
Sherlock’s hand brushed across the screen, stopping the recording at its end for the fifth time in a row. Each time, the camera cut at the image of a younger John, eyes frighteningly blank as blue eyes stared into the distance. Franklin’s voice echoed in Sherlock’s thoughts despite the silence of the room, a nonstop chant of terrible triumph that made the detective’s stomach twist sourly into knots.
The army doctor's voice was soft. Trying to rein in his temper and silent fury.
He knew it was going
“I'm giving you a choice. You will get both in the end, but would you like to eat first, or have a nice cool bath?”
Noiseless.
“My deplorable half-brother, or rather his spouse. Gregory Lestrade.”
A Selkie too often forgot that their lover could not breathe in the water. Those who courted a Selkie, without fail found themselves drowned.
No gender dysphoria.
“Threaten John Watson? Not at all, I wouldn't dream of threatening
because you're so
Something was going unseen, something more. There was another angle that just wasn’t adding up. John bit his lip, trying to discern the pieces of the puzzle from one another.
“John, we’re here.”
Then, quick as lightning, he spun around and launched himself at Sherlock, kissing the man promptly on the mouth, bruising and deep. Before the detective could really think about resisting, Sneak
“I'm sure my brother was more than capable of lecturing you about running away. He was always so
As a result, John couldn’t control the flinch that ran through his body as the door opened, and a long shadow spread itself along the lower half of the bed.
He almost didn’t get a chance to give the order. The creature that suddenly appeared in the darkness, lightning-fast and hungry very nearly decapitated him before he got a chance. John reared back just in time, teeth bared as he ducked and rolled, letting the demon fly over him and miss him by a hair’s breadth. He found his back braced against the inner part of the wall, his bow already notched and aiming for the shadow that was already circling back for another strike. His shoulder twinged with pain.
Unerringly, her feet leapt over those steps and landed on the ones below them, her shadow a willing puppet as it stretched behind her like a second body mimicking her every move. Claude could taste in the flat it's relaxed confines, the sort of humbly beautiful area about her now black and white contrasts in the moonlight that streamed in through the windows. Her hair glinted like it was laced with morning dew, almost metallic as she passed the pane in the kitchen, sparing a sparse glance for the hum of the city outside. Her eyes unerringly picked out the lightly snoring outline of the man she was targeting, and she slowed in the entrance to the living room, eyes taking in for the first time the enigma that was Sherlock Holmes.
Lastly, John hid the seal pelt, certain the creature would never find it.
Sherlock's Bond was
It was unlikely anyone would recognise him; it had been years after all. Still, the thought of accidentally brushing paths with anyone who might see his face and call after him –
“Your Dragon is required to take care of your needs, but they are also required to care for the needs of others. However, the line is drawn in two counts: sexual gratification and situations in battle.” The Brigadier's gaze turned a shade alike to gunmetal.
He was aware that Victor was peering at him closely, dark eyes uncertain. He seemed to be hemming and hawing over something, biting the inside of his cheek as if holding back a question that was prickling at the base of his neck. At Sherlock's unflinching stare, he seemed to finally bring himself to ask.
Then the mighty beast seemed to deflate, the fight draining out of his limbs as the weight of his own words hung heavily on him. His storm-blue eyes cooled to an ashen grey as his body instinctively tried to curl in on itself, his body crouching once more into a defensive ball as his wings hid the pain behind his false indifference. The old woman didn't know that she'd hit the exact nerve that Sherlock has been striking himself all day, the sensation raw and painful as he clutched at his wrists which bled sluggishly now and contemplated hiding back behind the sofa. He was surprised when after a beat of breath, the woman's soft voice called him from the barrier of his wings. He could make out the outline of her, curled hair and purple dress and arthritic hands. Soft edges and a hidden smile.
Perhaps trying to pick apart the personalities,
“J-John?”
After all, Sherlock's thoughts were crowding him, making him feel as though he was wearing a binder twenty-four/seven. He could handle Sebastian, manipulate him. Even if he didn't have any money to speak of right now...Even if last time... he...
whelp, this is essentially where the story truly begins :D Sorry for the long wait, I hope everyone had a lovely holiday and a happy new year! :3
John was only startled out of his people-watching by a light voice, commenting towards him across from the truck.
“What I
Flickering.
He guiltily admitted to himself that he hadn't bothered to think of his friend at all in the past couple of days, too wrapped up with Sherlock. In fact, he hadn't left the house once since the Dragon had arrived, and he was truthfully beginning to go just slightly stir-crazy. He had caught himself tapping his fingers nervously against the counter, a habit that only came forth when he had energy that was not being spent and not enough to do. Also, he was starting to run dangerously low on groceries. The bread was gone, and he had used the last of the milk this morning in his breakfast cereal and tea. Soon, he'd be forced to drink the horrid fruit tea Mrs. Hudson had given him as a welcoming present (not that the sweet old woman didn't have the best interests at heart) and John knew he would sooner eat his favourite jumper.
A flash of dark hallways, recognizable as
“Aye, it’s working.” He murmured lowly “Though I don’t know when we’ll all fade. Feels like I’ll be first, though.”
were treating, John. Gone after his partner or whatever alone, but there's more, I think.
On some days, Sherlock quietly requested to be called
“A long war was fought, and the moon goddess was forced to banish the darkness, lock it in place so it wouldn’t consume everything in its path. To do this, she was cursed to never be able to see her husband in the daylight again. Many eons passed, and humans forgot anything but the dawn and the dark, and the stars that light their path home every night. But the wolf, it did not forget, and it grew hungry as the years rolled by. More than anything, it was desperate for a way to destroy what mattered to the moon goddess the most: her children.”
John looked at him solemnly, dark eyes filled with certain trust.
“To be honest, neither of them seem to be really… well-adjusted, in my mind,” John admitted. He wasn’t sure how much the Selkie could understand, but apparently his expression told some of his woes. Lestrade threw back his head and laughed openly at the Human, seeing his own suffering over the years reflected good-naturedly in another face.
Especially when John was interested as well, and he found to his amusement that picturing the dark-haired detective naked and wanting sent a deep shudder through almost all of the Alter's bodies. It was an indescribable shiver, and in that moment Daniel forcefully made Claude tune out.
himself to do so. The thought made him want to continue, to force Sherlock to hear him, even though part of him also shouted at him to stop, lest he say something he couldn't take back.
“Truly, it’s alright. The truth is I’ve needed to speak with you.”
from their Mothers too early. A kind of broken burble, one that had often pulled her heartstrings even when she had still been married. To hear it coming from a fully grown Dragon, a
Though a greater part of his mind still advised caution. After all this was no normal specimen, this was
Sherlock beneath him was long and supine and heavy-lidded, staring up at John in clear want yet being so careful not to cage the man in his hold. It was clear from the blown look to his pupils that he had not been expecting John to go so far, and it was true that up until now John had always been careful to back down before things became to heated. Now however he quelled the momentary surge of anxiety, biting down on his lip and tentatively brushing past Sherlock’s erection again. He watched his partner arch subconsciously into the touch, a breathy sound of need passing his lips.
She'd punctuated her statement with a razor-edged grin, turning towards him as her servant tucked the last pin to hold the elegant braid that interwove with the rest of her hair in place. As she sat across from him, Sherlock was forced to admit it:
And he closed his eyes, preparing to die by the sea like a pirate (the smallest measure of pride mixed in with his overwhelming sense of panic at that). Except after a moment, the growling stopped. As did the overwhelming pressure that came with the presence of a wild predator preparing to have its way. For a moment, John still didn't dare to look up, his breath still clenched tightly in his chest. Then, almost tentatively, he heard a sort of… whuffling noise, like the sound of someone inhaling sharply. Then, clearly heard between them, a series of chittering clicks and seal-like barks came from the creature. Their tone was... inquisitive, to say the least.
Wordlessly, she nodded, pressing her teeth down harder into the cushion of John’s bottom lip. The rocking was continual, smooth and soothing, as was the hair-pulling. Both signs of defensiveness and acute stress. Yet she didn’t flinch as Sherlock came closer, instead seeming to lean into the warmth, the comfort that another body could bring. The detective barely heard her breathy sigh of small contentment.
war could be.
” Rory choked, a breathless exclamation. If John had been looking at him, he would have seen how his cheeks were nearly as red with excitement as his hair. Everyone tried to look through the sheer, silken fabric of the litter as it passed, and John found his jaw dropping open as he saw the two companions inside, seated upon a pile of plush-multi-coloured cushions and scarves.
What's this? An actual timely update? it's a small miracle. ^.^''
He says tightly.
“All that rich living has made you soft!” Kate huffed up ahead. “Second born, second place after all!”
Cautiously, Sherlock shifted
“I am John Hamish Watson.”
Really, John should have been more careful. He knew that when Sherlock was like this, the Gem’s idea of Human manners frayed and blurred and faded away.
That wasn’t what John had been worried about, but he knew better than to argue. There was a glint in Mary’s eyes that was more than determination, hungry and strangely predatory. John was as much drawn to it as he was wary of it all of a sudden, and the uncomfortable shifting of butterflies in his stomach refused to settle even after Morstan had left and Dodge handed him a file.
In truth, he was only partially correct. Eventually righting himself enough to look presentable took effort, and Sherlock quickly did the best he could by shrugging back on his trousers and running cold water over his face and neck. There was still a flush to his cheeks, the last dregs of a legendary high, but there was little to be done in the face of his new determination to get by on his own. Fuck Mycroft, fuck Victor Trevor, he was a Holmes in the end. Holmes men got things sorted, and Sherlock could think of exactly one thing that might sort out his debts, his expenses, and his addictions.
The girl shook her head, trying to dislodge Daniel's nattering inside her ear so she could respond. Outside, John's body jerked slightly in response, twitching with annoyance.
Quick as lighting, Sherlock beat his wings, pushing back against the dust-devil that rose about them like a wave with the impact of the fallen soldier. His scales were a clouded and chaotic mix of colours, shifting uneasily in waves. John kept his gun at his side, barely flinching as out of nowhere a shrieking missile came hurtling towards them.
On the evening before their flight to the compound, Dodge requested that John, Sherlock, Mike and Molly meet her at Hyde Park for a final celebration before their trip. John initially wanted to refuse, but Mrs. Hudson firmly shooed both boys out of the flat, claiming she needed to dust and that they needed to have “
He was Shifting.
“Even I have to eat, James.” Sherlock replied neutrally, tilting his curled head in an almost reptilian way. From behind Moriarty, the Demon thought he saw the human twitch, likely responding to some unseen horror within his mind.
John swallowed, throat suddenly tight as he looked at the small woman before him. He knew the look on her face, the sadness in it was something he shared, like a jagged piece of pipe stuck in his chest. Somehow, he suspected Mrs Hudson could see it in him, too, and the two reminisced for a moment in the memory of the feisty old woman that had once stood strong and bright on the beach like she was one with it.
Smirking, Greg pushed the little glass jar just a bit more towards the front of the counter.
His pristine shoe became stained with red as he dug his weight into the man's shoulder, earning a keening cry as the cabbie flung back his head in agony and his glasses sparked from the overhead fluorescent eyes. Hiding the widening of his pupils as he howled in agony underneath him. Sherlock felt no remorse, the only thing that drove him was finding out the answer, if not about the true nature of the pills then the name of the person watching him.
“Can you give me a half hour? I'll be at your flat as soon as I can.”
to know Sherlock Holmes, because those deep blue-green eyes are flickering at a mile a minute even now beside him, and he is overcome with a longing to know what thoughts are crossing his mind.
Sherlock explained, sipping his tea animatedly. He gestured with a lazy flick of one hand, brushing away the offended squawk that Lestrade made in response to being supposedly inept.
Sherlock was dying, and John felt a rather uncomfortable amount of panic over the mere thought.
“Sherlock. You’ll hurt yourself, love.”
It had been so long since he had heard it, for a moment the army doctor wondered if he was hallucinating. He coughed and straightened from where he had fallen asleep in his chair, peering into the grey light of early morning. Sure enough though, his eyes confirmed what his ears already knew.
“Still. It'd be cool if you could train one to swim with you and stuff.”
in what looked
“The Underpass is this way. If we hurry, Sherlock will sing right about when we make it up there.” Thankfully, Greg didn’t argue.
And the worst part was to Sherlock… they did.
this. Isn't you. And you... you don't...you don't feel love for me, do you?”
“What kind of initiation?”
delicious screams on his own lips as soon as he possibly could.
He had been beaten over it until his back had bled with welts.
that.” John could feel the way in which Sherlock bristled, even if his voice sounded rather small and pathetic. The Dragon sat up the tiniest bit, looking down at John and paling a bit when he realised their positions. Sherlock’s scales- once stained seething acid-green- were now becoming a sort of blush tone. The soldier found the sight peculiar, as normally the Dragon’s scales didn’t deviate much into shades of red. The fact that he even knew that fact alone should have been a testament to John’s devotion to Sherlock. It was beginning to get unsettling, really.
Yet the thing that caught John’s eye the most- the inescapable proof of his transformation, was the unbalanced Gem resting in place of his scar on his shoulder. Bright gold, it blazed like a medal of valour, fused into his very skin and fully formed.
Though all Sherlock wanted to do was hide away in the many folds and passageways of his own thoughts within the sanction of his room, it appeared that the army doctor had been quietly seething much like a kettle set to boil for most of the evening. Inevitably, something had to pop.
“Why is that so hard to believe that I’m trying to do something for your own good?! Am I really so dull to you that you think I don’t feel things when others order you? I don’t want to hurt you but I am obligated to do so and I don’t know what to do any more! You don’t even actually talk to me!”
and wounded.
) that he had no plans of putting one Sherlock
The thought made her wordlessly nod, blinking away tears even as her brother clapped his hands together gleefully and grinned. He tucked his hands into the pockets of his trousers, lazy grin stretching even more widely.
Born from rage, he woke in the world an infant, howling and terrified and yet an adult in mind and body. He had lashed out, striking any that would come near. Many tried, and many learned quickly that he was not someone to be crossed. He was a caged tiger, a rabid wolf to be kept in a choke collar. He was fury, and he was John’s temper kept under lock and key. He was a broken fragment, unable to feel anything except anger, and when he woke his heart pounded and blood sang in his ears.
“What’s going on?”
“I'd stop him before-”
“She.”
after the hot water ran cold and John was left shivering against the tile wall, the shower washed away fear.
“I’m not sure you can, you already screwed up once and had those other Gems break into your house when you were supposed to gain Sherlock’s attention.”
Sherlock was a mixture of contradictions, at times. He appeared to have no objection towards nudity, but only at certain times, and only from the waist-up. Of course, John at first hadn't noticed the pattern, having only seen Sherlock naked twice, both times at a distance and with a sheet covering everything that mattered. At the time the army doctor had only taken Sherlock's strange insistence that his hips stay wrapped and covered as a rare sign of modesty, but as time went on it became
seeing something, having something be very obviously
live with a view like this?”
An unspoken question.
John.
“Don’t understand what you’re trying to say. We really need to pick you up a language book or two if we’re doing this for the long term.”
“Wings. Out where I can see them.”
long night.
I hope you enjoy the chapter!
Would someone else take over his body, become John Watson?
Sherlock had dreams of his own, though he was not inclined to sleep often. Being the son of the goddess who could travel within people’s sleeping memories meant that most of his dreams lead to a lecture or seven, and truthfully this did not encourage him to rest his transport often.
Sherlock slowly sat up, finally giving his brother the attention he deserved. From the new position Mycroft could see just how haggard his brother appeared, tired despite his very recent feeding. There were dark circles under Sherlock’s eyes, and a minute trembling in his limbs: an addict suffering through withdrawal. His voice was hoarse, spitting out verbal abuse even as he demanded a straight answer.
Then Sherlock seized, spine arching as he let loose and strangled cry and very suddenly, it didn't matter. Nothing mattered at all. Nothing that is except the wail of sirens in the distance, and John's frantic attempts to get Sherlock to -
“Kate, slow down!” Irene huffed, her lungs feeling like they might explode out from her chest.
he was dangerous. Before his eyes he saw the creature slowly melt into only a man, someone soft and inviting, a warm body calling for him like a beacon of light. Like a moth drawn to a flame the soldier wavered, caught in a web of music and magic as he swayed in place. Sherlock carried on in earnest now, even as he shifted, bringing his bonds subtly closer towards where the Human could reach. His eyes roved, picking out details he saw of his Mate, the life he had lived while the Selkie had been lost… so lost without him…
He breathes, and then launches into whip-like calculations that leave the soldier's mouth parted in shock.
Neither he nor John were speaking of the previous events. Wilfully ignoring it, too apprehensive to speak up, either way it didn't much matter. When it came down to it, it amounted to the same, awkward silence in
“I'm not mad Molly. I just want to help you. You're scaring me is all.”
gay, and
John didn't think he was weak for it.
“The next time he runs, don't come looking for my help.”
Because Red meant he was dangerous.
She stood with an utter frigidity about her, not a single muscle twitching in even the tiniest way.
Curled behind their makeshift protection, the soldier found himself unable to move, stunned by the force of the landing, blinded by the dust that had been kicked into the air.
John felt Sherlock's lips press against his head gently, nuzzling him. A contented rumble made its way to the Dragon's lips at the contact.
Sherlock’s fingers found John’s against his hip, linking together and squeezing. The detective’s voice was raspy in the dark.
Within seconds, John's body was crouched several feet away under the kitchen table, shadowed in the dark as the little girl refused to even breathe or blink. Her cat-like eyes glimmered as she prepared for anything from an awakening to lashing out, or even abusive words thrown her way. Mentally she felt all of the personalities suddenly on alert, prepared to swap out with her if it came down to a fight. Conrad's protective snarl loomed in the base of her skull, and she could feel her other older brother deep inside shifting ever so slightly. Paying attention to what was happening. However, Sherlock Holmes merely shifted in his sleep. Rolling over, his languid form uncurled itself slightly to stretch his impossibly long legs unconsciously, eyes fluttering in dream-like sequence as he softly sighed. All of the personalities watched guardedly as the Detective mumbled something low in his sleep, unaware of the shadow with silver-blue eyes watching his every movement in the dark. Then he settled back down under the blanket, hands curling tighter about its' edge and drawing nearer to its' warmth. Claude thought he almost looked like a kid, like her. She found herself wondering if Sherlock Holmes liked to play games like scrabble and Cluedo. She is surprised when her mouth turns in a small smile at the decidedly infantile way the grown man snuggles deeper into the covers.
“I don’t… Do I know you?” John tentatively asked, feeling like he should be polite even if he had no real idea what was going on. The woman before him seemed to radiate a kind of aura, a feeling of power, and it wouldn’t have surprised him if her wrath was something formidable to behold. As it was, he kept an inch of distance between him and her, wary of drawing too near. She smiled down at him, her lips a purple so deep they were nearly blue.
“I-I have to go. You finish up the case. I’m… not needed.”
That is if Dragons ate people at all.
“I am when it comes down to it, the optimist out of John's personalities. Besides Claude, that is. Mind of a child, mind of a teenager, the older the personality it seems the more embittered towards the human race we become. Come now, Sig, this isn't much of a chat if I'm the only one spilling my secrets.” Sneak's blue eyes flicked to Sherlock's face, and the detective sat up as John came forward, sitting once more on the edge of the bed. His friend's lips were drawn back in that smile that was at once familiar as it was unnatural. Sneak's gaze was probing. “You did something... Something your father didn't approve of. Something so bad that Daddy finally said
John’s voice broke the Dragon from his thoughts, as it was prone to do. Sherlock looked up from his usual curl in the hard plastic chair. John looked at him, seeming tired but interested. It was not often these days that John
For a moment, the weary soldier forgot himself, forgot the fact that it was
“What is it, Shyla?”
“Don't. Don't pull the sociopath card. I've never believed it and never will. You're at times so human it's startling Sherlock, but you never let anyone see it. Not even me.”
Sherlock felt as if he had just swallowed a pitchfork. He struggled to keep his insides from twisting into knots, even as he reached out and latched
“You made a new friend.”
have trouble fully understanding it... but... You do know I've got your back, right? That if someone harasses you... you can tell me?”
And John's smile, for a moment not curling, not sarcastic, blossomed over Sneak's lips like sunlight parting through clouds. Then, because John looked small and somewhat lonely, and that wouldn't do, Sherlock found himself wrapping his arms about the stranger that was now a tentative comrade, tucking him into the crook of his shoulder. Sneak stiffened, a myriad of expressions crossing his face. His voice was questioning.
“My father grew up off th' coast not too far from here. Used t' watch the fishin' boats drift in, lazy an' sweet. Him and his two brothers, both older than him by two an' four years. They helped their father repair his boats an' nets, an' I remember to this day that if you ran yer fingers over my dad's hands, you could feel every knot he ever tied imprinted in his flesh. He worked long an' hard summers fixin' em, an' it was when he was nearin' eighteen that one night on the moor he caught sight of somethin' that would forever haunt him still.”
Then she broke off, seeming at a lost for words. Finally, John could take it no longer.
A flash of challenge in his flatmate's eyes, Sherlock folded his hands in his lap. His head tilted to the side, something mean and petulant lingering in his eyes to cover his own vulnerability and shame at the situation. The awkward demand that John felt forced to give. His voice was sickly sweet, smooth at changing the subject.
He rather roughly cut off Sherlock's vocal attempt to show his displeasure by nudging the Dragon in the side, scowling and sending a mental plea of
resistant towards hearing the man out, as when he lifted his head up again, Sherlock knew he was no longer talking to John. Daniel's Scottish lilt drifted from the man's mouth even as he finished folding the rest of the clothes, dark blue eyes filled with determination as he firmly pushed past Sherlock Holmes.
He kept his features decidedly neutral even as John stopped playing to look up at the spindly figure looming over him. His smile was sharp and feral, slow and very much not like John's usual sunny grin. Instead it was darker, edged with something wicked and taunting. The detective didn't smile back.
John had never seen a royal’s house before- not in person. Buckingham Palace was in a different District, and there were days his mum could barely scrape together enough earnings to buy jam for school lunches- let alone a train ticket. Somehow, the soldier knew that even if he had the British Royalty simply would not have been able to hold a candle to the sight before him.
Shyla. These dramatics need to
Clawing their way into his head and poisoning his dreams. Leaving him screaming and thrashing in the dark as nurses tried to hold his tiny shuddering body still. John remembers that, the feeling of waking up and not knowing where he was or
it, it’s an adrenaline rush.”
John's larger hands curled about Harry's, tucking the Stone's weight against her palm. When he let go and moved away, she inspected The Stone carefully, her face scrunching up slightly as she observed the precious object. “I've never gotten such a close look at it before.”
The detective turned as if in a daze, and saw the
. Neither of them were exactly okay, but their bond would right itself with time. Like a jagged exit wound from a bullet, both Mycroft and Sherlock found themselves with scars and regrets, neither of them able to utter them aloud for fear said wound would reopen and bleed.
“Morning, love.”
Mike had
Many thanks as always to my fantastic beta
“Sherlock, listen to me. I know a lot of people have....
“I... don't know if I
Three days passed since John’s waking, and Sherlock was already reluctantly elbows-deep in the files Mycroft had given him. He was loathe to admit it, but the man seemed to know just what interested the Dragon, despite his animosity. Puzzles were given to him in the form of unsolved mysteries, whether true or untrue, Sherlock couldn’t say. He didn’t have access here to the news, and even if he did, he wasn’t sure the files given to him would be put on national television. The vast majority presented were curious, strange, or simply, chaotic.
Gems as a race tended to choose their forms to best-suit their purpose. In the old ways of Gem Homeworld, a caste system had once existed that had been rigidly upheld. Though that caste didn’t exist to the same extent on Earth, many Gems still chose their forms to best suit what they would have once been made for. The pretty ones did showings, the strong ones became gym instructors or action stars, and the brilliant ones… well, John assumed that they either ended up like Sherlock, or actually earned respectable careers.
Then he would remember, and the screeches would become louder still.
Sherlock didn’t have time to reflect upon the image however, as he came to realise that there were voices ahead. His panic momentarily receding for curiosity, the Dragon crept forward, a part of his thoughts categorizing the voices as recognisable. Molly’s voice was small and fearful, though Sherlock could tell in the shadow of the tent behind which he was hiding she was striving to hide it. The other voice, cocky and loud and brutish, made Sherlock’s upper lip curl into a snarl of contempt. Sebastian’s tone was cajoling, as if he were chastising a small child.
“On behalf of the other Alters and myself, we ask for your forgiveness. It was uncalled for, and it will not happen again. We wish to make it so that not only can you pick up on the signals for if you are in danger again, but to tell you more about... certain aspects of our existence.”
sort of intelligence. On a standard test, John and I are about the same level. However, others
“When I met you for the first time yesterday, I said Afghanistan or Iraq. You looked surprised.”
harmful ones.” Mycroft's lips twitched, and Sherlock's hands tightened, curling in at his chest. This was not his brother. This was not
And the strange, eclectic roomate beamed at him, and for once in his life, the young man didn't quite know what to say. Because no one had thought him
No strangling.
Sherlock is
“I believe that is an invitation only my mother can give.” Sherlock replied. Moran’s hackles stiffened, though he kept a safe distance. It was clear he had an idea of just what Sherlock could do. John noticed that around them, the dream of his village had begun to dim. The faces he had known all of his life were becoming blurred, blackened. Like a painting being set on fire, the image was crumbling.
“Is this… okay?” Shyla’s tone was hopeful, small. Violinist’s fingers ran hesitantly over the line of her skirt’s edge, a self-conscious check that made something warm bubble up in John’s stomach. When he spoke, it was a rough rasp that made Shyla’s eyes widen fractionally in surprise.
Sherlock startles at the question, eyes roving over John once in a moment of scrutiny so intense that the Doctor finds his ears turn a little red from its touch. After a moment though it cools down to a low burning ember, and the Detective turns back to his phone, which seems to have become permanently attached to his hand. His fingers fly over the screen which illuminates his face in pale pallor, casting eerie shadows across his cheekbones.
Though he personally did not see Dodge as evil, she would have to be watched. If she took on such an expression while looking at John now...
Dodge was all hard edges and solid confidence, a strength that was always on display. Her shoulders remained ramrod straight, and she held herself in such a way to appear taller than she was. She nodded sharply at John by way of greeting, short mahogany hair dipping as she was ushered into the flat. Her boots thunked solidly on the floor. What she saw was, admittedly, better than she had been expecting.
with uncertainty and a blind kind of panic.
you to
well, here we go! :P This took longer than I wanted it to for me to update, but it's finally here and I'm happy with it. Next chapter will be the meeting between Sherlock and John!
“John, we
He is just lonely.
” The last part, mumbled into John's neck, was thick with heavy emotion. John, feeling a quiet rage build in him, rolled over to clutch Sherlock to him, allowing the man's black and red-streaked wings to spread, curl about them protectively. In the darkness, Sherlock trembled, warm but afraid against John. So very afraid. The doctor wondered, who could have hurt someone, been so
He wondered if he might have prevented Victor from leaving.
behind the detective's back. John's gun still resided hidden in the waistband of his jeans, tucked away by the thick safety of an over-worn woolly jumper.
were Mum and Dad fighting?
When John woke, it was to a cold sweat and an empty bed, the word Never hanging on his lips like the taste of old blood gone stale.
, and by the scars on his arms and the weight of his heart, no one would have expected him to be. By anyone’s account, having multiple personalities would have been a sentence to die to begin with, a terrifying mental illness that stole John’s own identity away, stripped him of his persona.
, and not just by you. By people around you. You
He knew he was beat. Slumping in resignation, John blew an explosive breath out from his clenched teeth and cradled the phone, voice laced with the flat certainty that none of this was going to end well.
Have some holiday angst! :3
“Though I cannot harm your Dragon without provocation, Murray, I think you'll find I don't have to. It's always been in his nature, rookies, don't forget it next time you need a favour from him. Murray here can't stand to watch anyone be in pain.”
It was all he could say, as feeble an apology it was. Thankfully, the army doctor seemed to accept it, relaxing fractionally in his chair, fingers stilling their restless shaking. John's eyes were filled with a sick kind of fear, but he showed his trust to Sherlock with his words. They were uttered without a trembling syllable, certain despite their grim tone. A soldier watching the aftermath of a bomb from a distance. It felt like an entire desert in that moment was stretched out between them.
Sherlock was furious. Free of the collar, but now trapped like an animal in a zoo. He snarled, wings stretching and growing out behind him. They were thunderous grey, frost leaving his lips.
Sighing softly to himself, John wondered if it might not be easier just to hang himself and get it over with now. He was completely incompetent with animals; he hadn't even owned a dog. He had tried to keep a cat once, but his father had found its hiding place in his closet while he had been at school and had drowned it in the creek by the forest.
Kidnap situation.
human. He never would be. John in that moment felt at once in terrible control, and like a bully for making the Water-Spirit before him look so defeated.
She said the last bit with earnesty, hands reaching out to clasp John’s in her own. The soldier could feel Morstan’s warmth, read the honesty in her body language.
“No.”
“Unconscious. If you die,
An illusion. Would he shatter and turn to dust one day?
John had a feeling that Sherlock’s presence would be enough to ward off anything menacing lurking in the waters. At least, he hoped. From the deep, silvery scars marring Sherlock’s body, he couldn’t help but guess there were occasionally creatures in the deep that even Selkies feared.
http://twistedthicket1.tumblr.com/
He had already temporarily shelve Sebastian's Case, because this was obviously, a larger priority.
And bombs whistled through the air, but they weren't really bombs. They were his people, aggressive and half-starved and spitting curses at him, lunging for his throat and snarling insults. He ripped their throats out even as their thoughts screeched at him, denouncing his honour and his pride.
Sherlock watched in stifled amusement as John pressed a finger to his lips as if begging the detective to keep a secret, blue eyes wide and slightly shy as the personality rocked gently in the chair. Claude, hoping that the man would keep her secret, marvelled over him with wonder and happiness at having successfully ousted her Big Brother from his throne, if only for a while.
He got nothing out of Sherlock Holmes that evening, no explanation of Iolite's words or even hissed insults to get him to go away. Nothing except a quiet explanation for Molly’s rage in the middle of a sulk. It was mumbled into the back of a sofa, Sherlock having chosen to curl up in his dressing gown tightly. He looked like a pill-bug, and John very nearly didn’t hear his words at all, lost as he was in a cup of tea and his own broiling thoughts at Iolite’s confession.
Now that Sherlock had given up hiding himself behind the massive protection of his wings, John was surprised to note that his Human form was actually quite tall and rather gangly. The thin side of slender. Though John wasn't exactly a giant himself, Sherlock's legs were
What seemed like hours later, she crawled out of the tub to find the phone. Towel drying her hair, face blotchy and red, Shyla waited patiently for the headmaster of her brother's school to answer, to let her speak to Mycroft. But when Myc responded, his voice held the heavy tone of a stranger.
Instead of replying, John merely sighed.
Sherlock had nearly sweat blood to regain a semblance of that in his life now. It still wasn’t perfect, but he had been able to gather the shattered pieces of his life together and stitch them up by hand. His plasters had been messy, and healing had been slow, but he had never been more secretly proud of himself when Lestrade agreed to work with him, despite his past. It had become the one time he could recall being truly grateful towards another, and even though the D.I still spent an absurd amount of time mothering him, he was respectful enough of Sherlock’s independence not to watch him at all hours of the day. Greg knew the detective wished for his privacy, longed for that sensation of complete solitude, and never challenged it. It was rare in a human being to see that innate knowledge, and so the D.I was added to Sherlock’s small list of people he called ‘tolerable’.
Chances were there was no way he was escaping this discussion, not that he would have even if he had been
It was without thinking he leaned into it, stepping back from the fridge and allowing Sherlock to wrap long, skinny arms around him like some kind of massive cat draping itself over furniture.
“Is.... is this normal? Is this what happens to them?? How they
” he murmured emphatically, to which the Soldier smirked. Sherlock took some time to observe now, noting the way the man before him sat in a deceptively defensive sort of position. If the personality was telling the truth (which Sherlock was fairly certain he was) then he was sure that Daniel was far stronger than he was openly letting on. The curled position he was in was an act, an attempt to make himself look small and fragile when he really wasn't. After all, John himself had proven himself to be stronger than he appeared. The time he had shot the cabbie had been proof of that. Though now Sherlock wondered if it had really been John at all who had done fired that fatal shot. The thought that it might not have been sent a small note of discord running through his stomach, so he pushed it firmly away.
“How do you know? I feel like I am already.” It was true, too. Sherlock didn’t know what to do, how to help. There was no therapy for strange government experiments, and even if there was John likely wouldn’t wish to participate. There was just patching up problems, attempting to stop the bleeding of a fatal wound with a bandage.
John watched as Sherlock's blazing blue eyes stared at him with a manic, feral gleam. The creature's wings flashed panicked red like a traffic light, coalescing into an anxious seasick-green as the Dragon recoiled away from John's touch like he had lice. This in itself was not a new occurrence, but the resounding snarl that left Sherlock's lips as he glared hatefully up at the soldier made John pause, regarding the Dragon before him cautiously. The sound, ragged and laced with true panic, was different from the blustering roars Sherlock had used in interactions before. This one was somehow tinged with a raw emotion that struck the soldier and made him freeze in his movements. Gone was the somewhat childlike man that John had caught a glimpse of the other day, and back were the pointed teeth and slitted blue eyes. Sherlock's tail was whip-like as it lashed possessively, his figure curled around the simple piece of cake like it was some kind of treasure. With his wings raised defensively and his ebony horns glinting under the kitchen light, the Dragon looked suddenly like the classic depiction of the monsters of John's childhood. Creatures that ruled mountains and shadowy caves, spitting fire and ice on villages to protect what was theirs. The longer he stared, the more he felt a prickling sensation crawl along his neck. The sense of recognition of a term he had read about somewhere at some point.....
Of course, Sherlock seemed to know at a glance just what exactly John was. His story was laid out before the man, read in the lines on his face and the texture of his skin. It was woven into John’s very jumper, and Sherlock read all of it and still invited him to stay at 221 B. Like a moth, the ex-army doctor followed, strange dreams urging him forward as much as his own fascination. He was helpless to the call, a siren’s drone suited just for his ears, and his alone.
The real question was, what was he to do now?
It gave him something he could fix, as nothing seemed to fix the woman he had once known as mummy. Nothing could stop her from missing their father, who had abandoned them.
because despite the damp, the walls were sturdy concrete. Being a basement, it had no windows or easily breakable parts to it, and was only one floor. Though John didn't like the fact that it seemed to scream
As for
One person that had tried to take Sherlock, had wanted him as a sexual partner. Only a night passed and the man was sent to the ER, suffering frostbite in places that no Human in the right mind could conceive of. For a moment he bared his teeth at the memory, fierce once more for a second before he remembered his weakened state. Then he slumped back into his chains, listening as he flicked his slightly pointed ears to the sound of The Gateway opening to let in the new wave of meaningless presences that would ogle him for an instant before seeing the Red on his Collar and drawing away.
“Who are you? What do you do?”
together in a loose bunch, a half-circle of shivering
was silent.
blamed for
As if sensing his hesitation, Sherlock brought John back to the present by turning the wrist he still gripped over gently. His hands were like ice, and yet they burned the boy's skin. His long fingers traced the vein of John's wrist, and the little boy gasped as underneath his skin, his blood began to glow blue. Sherlock slowly brought his friend's wrist to his lips, mouth parting to reveal sharply edged teeth. The
Not when the very weather threatened to break the walls of the cabin, its ancient wood creaking and screaming in protest. Not when his mother was trembling like a leaf, and his father wore an expression like he had just been punched in the stomach.
There was a horrible twisting sound: the wet noise of a heart being squeezed until it punctured. With it, John watched in some awe as the Demon before him actually
The seal followed in silence behind him, long body leaving grooves in the rocky beach that would last until the tide pulled in deeper, erasing the secrets of the sea with blue-tinged hands.
But no latte could make up for the way his old friend looked at him with new-found pity, blue eyes clouded with something unreadable as he looked into the rim of his cup.
He never saw how his mother's eyes for a moment had turned clouded with sadness.
Her last words to John held in them an unknown weight, and they caused the soldier to nearly sway, unsure whether to be grudgingly flattered or sick.
Both Murray and that Kate Bellerose have had their Dragons mounted for
And then wetness, warm and dripping against Sherlock's neck. John shook silently with his crying, trembling like a bomb strapped down to stone as his ragged voice pleaded. Sherlock stared straight ahead, hardly daring to breathe. In his mind, pieces fell together, long sleeves and nightmare-filled nights coalescing into a very different John than the detective had first assumed.
To my fans, thank you as always for reading. I hope you enjoy.
Sherlock hasn't slept for nearly a week straight, so when the two of them both arrive late at night at their flat, they are both slogging tiredly up the steps towards the door. Though the Detective made an effort not to show his exhaustion, John can read it in the slightly slowed reactions, his usual grace faltering a bit as he searched for the keys in the pocket of his belstaff. When his hands tremble slightly as he tries to fit the key in the lock Sherlock scowls darkly, eyebrows lowering in annoyance at his own body's refusal to cooperate. He nearly flinches away when John's hand covers his own and guides it absently to it's proper place, removing itself in a clinical manner a second later and making Sherlock's sleep-deprived brain almost wish for it to return.
However, Sherlock could not hide his intentions forever.
“I was nearly ten before I finally got out of the Foster Care system and into a proper home.” John replied easily to Sherlock's question of his past, clinically detached and polite as he gripped his cup between his hands. Its warmth was soothing, grounding him to the present even as his eyes were far away and tainted with something cold and worrisome.
Xavier played his part to the best of his ability, speaking out in a voice slightly more subdued but no less bellowing across the park “An' I'm her sidekick! The dread Pirate Black-beard!”
“You smoke.” Is the only reply the detective deigned to give him. He watched as Not-John shifted agreeably, nodding an affirmation even before fishing around in his pockets and revealing a pack. Taking one out, he held it out to Sherlock, expression reading and calculating again.
John did not like it here.
I’d hate you.”
Sherlock had thought perhaps that his friend's smile had never before looked so impossibly bright.
John however found himself fighting her grip, unwilling to be pulled away. He could taste the danger in the air, thick and copper-tasting on the roof of his mouth. He didn't know what was going to happen, but he felt an instinctive urge to run, to clutch at his father's hand and his mother's gown and to cry against them like he was a little kid. Like he was five instead of older.
After all, even his grandmother was looking at him as if he were mad.
He cut off then, and Sherlock this time was prepared for it as a shudder rippled up the man's spine, and his face once again took a form of innocence and brightness as John's body sat up, crossing his legs in front of him and rewarding Sherlock with a huge and childish grin. Feeling somewhat uncertain, the detective smiled crookedly and back, hesitant. He was unsure of who he'd be greeted with. For all he knew it could be some kind of trap. Quietly, he spoke.
It took Sherlock a long moment of silent staring in the door’s direction to realise that whoever was on the other side was awaiting his signal to come in. It was a peculiar feeling, to be given the option of privacy. The Dragon comforted himself with the knowledge of the camera, tucked into the high ceiling of the room. It was an illusion, this free choice. A test and nothing more.
“And if this... condition the good doctor has proves to be too much to handle for you... if it truly risks your life... then I will be forced to bring my hand into it.” Sherlock glared as his brother stated dispassionately with a flick of his fingers against the handle of his brolly.
“What do you need
“The Quincey's were next, but they were abusive to
When John spoke again, his voice was a little quieter. Still angry, but sad.
Mr. Holmes. You're walking in on one of our biggest secrets, and as much as I think you're brilliant, I think a few people might have some words to say to you if you just blurt it out and leave us gutted and open like one of your corpses.”
have business. In fact, you are just the one my Master instructed me to go see.” Moran lifted his muzzle, his cruel grin still fixed on his face. It sobered with his words, threat lying thick in his voice. “Moriarty is requesting an invitation to the Moon Ball.”
He doesn't know a life outside of The Collars and The Chains.
When they parted, he dazedly looked up, at Sherlock’s wings. They were a canopy, brilliant magenta and orange and blue in a whorl that was mesmerizing. John never wanted them to change colour again.
attitude problems since you were six years old. And now that you've found one...”
“I suppose my Lord if that is the best you can do... I must take you up on your kindness.”
By way of reply, John sat up and removed his hand from Sherlock’s pants. The detective looked mildly heartbroken, but accepting. However that expression quickly melted away to surprise and undeniable eagerness as John tentatively asked.
John. Kissing him, a firm pressure of lips that made a warm seal against his own.
“Remember, you have a duty.” His mother’s words brought him back to earth. She gently tilted her chin towards a gaggle of Hatchlings on the ground, still in their Human forms. Mycroft felt a twist of nerves as he realized they were all dressed in finery like himself.
She grinned as John got a look at her true form, red like fire, the kind of tight but functional clothing that an assassin might wear. She smiled, and it was a cruel twist of her lips as she brought up a hood to half-conceal her face.
And that meant that there
Daniel could give a whole new meaning to the saying
Its roar surged with the simultaneous bubbling of emotion that ripped through Sherlock's chest, making him taste hot iron on his tongue as he struggled to
The burning had gotten steadily worse, from a simmering flame to a raging fire. His flesh crawled with it like a thousand ants scurrying over his skin and branding him. Though he had once felt a cool touch, it seemed to have been consumed by the raging inferno. He was sure his body was almost as warm as a Human's.
Mrs. Hudson (As she had introduced herself to him cheerily) didn't seem to much care for Sherlock's obvious barriers around his horde. Though she was careful not to step directly into his little corner of territory, she had a tendency to flutter just outside on the edge. Though Sherlock snarled at her
Molly.
“John, you make me feel
people responded. As it was his uncertainties, things that he had pushed aside with the impulsive desperation to save Sherlock begin to work their way into his mind. Telling him he's probably more than a little bit cracked to have even chased after the Detective at all. As if sensing his confidence leaving him, Sherlock's brow lowers in a rare display of concern.
“Mycroft…. I’ll have his head for not warning me….” His lover growled, leaning into John’s touch even as his mind raced for a way to fix what looked to be a horrible twist of fate. The detective could only see one way that was acceptable, and he rose suddenly and clapped his hands together, a choice reached as he placed a mask of ice on his features. He made as if to go upstairs, a storm that was ignoring John's placid calm. Now was not the time to be calm, now was the time for action,
Sherlock’s churlish response was dripping with distaste for his immediate future.  “I’m not a
I admittedly may not be posting much for a little while, as I have Christmas exams.... as well, December for various reasons is a bit of a rough time for me, so the rate of posts might slow. ^.^'' Sorry for that.
Not when Sherlock was accusing him of…
“The likes of you wouldn’t understand. You come to our village, attack our men, women and children and disappear leaving us shattered. How do you think that feels, left to recover only to be destroyed once more?”
Benson’s grey-blue eyes roved over the refugees, and beside him, his Dragon stiffened suddenly. The next moment, a rumbling growl emerged from the creature’s chest, a warning that in the next moment made sense as Sherlock hissed John’s name through his teeth. The young soldier realised why a moment later. Stepping forward from the crowd-or rather pushed from it, a Dragon with a simple chain collar and a trembling countenance emerged. He was filthy as the others, his dark hair sticking up on end in clumps of matted sweat and grime, and dark eyes ticked nervously and widely even as he stood.
Yet there is also more than just a soldier, hidden in that face.
The Dragon seemed flustered, ears flattened to his skull and gaze narrowed to slits. Sherlock’s observations were cut short by a necessary spin, an English Dragon suddenly hurtling from the sky like a tonne of stones. John saw the figure shrink mid-fall, a lifeless humanoid form only half-transformed from its true size. The creature’s skull was cracked open, breaking further upon impact.
The fact that she was also fluent in Dragon-Tongue, her husband having taught her as he had a job in training the creatures, was just an added bonus in light of the very bad situation she quite suddenly found herself in.
, you great git! I was only going to touch it. No need to panic, it's not like I've ever broken anything of yours before.”
In the next instant he was sitting up, shrugging off the sleep-shirt he was wearing, slipping it over the egg even as Sherlock came running back to the bed, brandishing in his arms layers of jumpers. The Dragon's hands were trembling as he gathered the bed's comforter around the spherical container that held their would-be child, a panicked whimper wrenching itself from the detective's throat as he slipped John's ugly Christmas Jumper over the egg's surface. Sherlock then pressed himself over the egg, covering it with his body, the next second reaching out for John to drag him closer as well. Under his breath John's partner muttered in panicky syllables, something painful hitching his voice as he assessed the state of the egg between them.
Stumbling upstairs, he barely noticed those blue-green eyes open, regarding him with narrowed eyes. Taking in his appearance, analyzing where he's been and who he was with. His upper lip twitches slightly in distaste.
It was then Sherlock realised that John had finally wormed his way from the grip of Sherlock's tail, the sturdy soldier having manoeuvred so that John stood directly between Sherlock and the path of the gun. His arms outspread, the man's eyes were a steely blue, even as Sherlock let loose and unconscious whine of panic as he took in the sight of his Master in danger. Though Dodge's
panic in which she looked wildly about, the little girl decided to duck behind an alley, wanting to make herself small so she could cry in peace and then find a payphone. (John had left his mobile at the flat, again stupid).
His grandma had a voice for storytelling, as rich and rolling as the sea. It crested and crashed into the worlds she created and plucked from the air, a spider weaving elegant silken threads to glisten in the morning sunlight that was John's imagination. Each pearly drop shimmered before tumbling back to reality. A soap bubble, intangible and beautiful, translucent and yet a thousand different colours.
sweet. Though it wasn't much, it was enough. John blinked, for just an instant coming back to himself, only to find the creature's hands wrapped about his throat. The little boy did only what he thought he could: lashing out, John kicked the pale boy right where he knew it would count.
Before his more rational brain could warn him about the dangers of eating strange things in strange lands, he shrunk down into his half-Human form, fingers snatching the cool object and popping the delicious treat into his mouth greedily. He moaned in unabashed relief as the immediate soothing sensation of it as it slid down his throat, the sound low and needy and completely shameless in its volume.
It is weeks later, lying in bed (this time with a bedsheet and comforter as well as a far more organised flat) that Sherlock traces the patchwork of John’s scar and makes confessions in the dark.
Outside, something roared.
“You had no right.”
be dull and refuse yourself food to punish yourself for a situation you cannot control. Am I
“When I was first taken, I was the equivalent of a twelve year old. Now… about eighteen, twenty at most. It’s difficult, to make an accurate timeline. It’s hard to tell time, in the clubs that my old master used to take me to.”
“They thought it'd be a fun game, to force The Freak to undress in front of them. Luckily a prof that for some reason had taken a liking to me interrupted before it got too far.”
“Sherlock...” The Dragon closed his eyes as John leaned forward, pressing a kiss to his inky curls. The touch was like fire. Brilliant. Scalding.
John looked at Elena, who stared back at him unblinkingly. Her head was tilted almost thoughtfully to one side, her lips pursed, thinking. In that moment, she was Sherlock, through and through. Yet she melted into something
“And I am, too.”
“The three Dragon tribes lived and prospered in the world, connected together as a hive. Each tribe had a talent, a duty to help one another. The fire Dragons could fight, and were passionate and free. The Chinese could heal, and provided wisdom to those who sought them out.” Sherlock twiddled his hands together, his gaze falling to John’s mangled shoulder. “The Northern Dragons, could protect. Linking the tribes all together, the king of the North was able to touch the minds of all Dragons, and so in the process kept the balance of peace and harmony.” He wondered why he was doing this, but it soothed him in a way he couldn’t define.
Conrad’s Welsh voice muttered in Sherlock’s ear, apologising in the dark.
Her words sent a chill through John's spine, and he swallowed nervously and nodded in affirmation. The air holes were just large enough that John could fit his hand and the lower part of his arm into it, but he hesitated for a moment before doing so. Inside the Crate, the Dragon was obviously disoriented, also fairly angry. Normally he wouldn't think of doing anything that could provoke it further.
This way, he could convince the thing to not only bathe, but help lower its fever (
To make doubly sure, he also continued the trail of ice-cubes all the way to the bathtub, ensuring that the Dragon wouldn't mistake his motives or intent in case it was dizzy or confused. Normally, Dragons were almost telepathic they were so sensitive to changes in emotions, especially around John. However his had a fever, so it was quite possible the Dragon wouldn't be able to sense things with the same dexterity. He'd also have to take a closer look at that wing to determine what kind of sickness was afflicting the Dragon's skin, but that could be dealt with later on if he gained the creature's tolerance.
“What did he see?” John piped up, listening to the sound of the wind blowing outside. It moaned like a distant spectre, sending shivers of excitement up his spine as his grandma's eyes glittered like twin jades. She smiled mysteriously.
They had just given away their secret to a total stranger.
He is a blot, something new and unique. If you
To her credit, the Lieutenant never once refused to meet his gaze head-on.
It was at that moment that a light knocking came from the front door. The Dragon froze, teeth halfway back to his wrist as he gaped with wide, terrified eyes at the black-painted front door. A chirping, elderly voice drifted to his ears. He did not recognize it.
But... John
Distracted as he was, John did not hear the quiet footsteps that padded towards him. In the early morning, Sherlock’s voice was a rumble of thunder. John felt frozen in place, rooted to the spot by it. It threw him off, the sudden and unexpected twist of not nerves, but gratitude that threatened to well up from his chest and make his eyes burn.
Sherlock replied dutifully, the memory of John's sharp caution to
Claude had known from
“I don't think so. The… the nightmares. They're always worse… when I think of that place.”
“-Your Dragon will not do this willingly. Don't waste your time expecting them to.”
“A defect and a half-blood, together. How appropriate.”
calm you'll black out.”
returned or worse. She was always called on when Sneak was being stupid. After all, why make any of the adults do it?
It took John a moment to realise that Dodge was addressing him as opposed to Sherlock, his superior not caring to look the Dragon in the eye as she continued her inspection. He sucked in a deep breath and held it, counting to five before letting it go and responding. John had to remind himself that this was her job, and that Dodge didn't mean any offence in the way she so casually handled Sherlock. She may as well have been inspecting a sack of flour. Her hands were cold and impersonal as she felt along the Dragon's scapulae, resting along the intersection where flesh morphed into wing. Her expression remained indiscernible as she pressed through the silky material of his suit. After a moment or two, during which she picked at the slits that John had made for Sherlock in the back of his clothes, with a small smirk ordered crisply
The Incubus’ lips were only an inch or so from his own, and looking at them the soldier found a plush softness in the hard lines of the creature’s face. From them, words breathed over John’s own mouth, captured between them and held. Sherlock didn’t answer his question, instead confusion rumbled in his own tone.  “This feels… different.”
Dependable.
However, when the cube of ice didn't fade into his mind or change into some strange colour, he began to entertain the idea that it might be real.
Most of all, it distracted John from murmuring the creature's name, letting it roll off of his tongue in curiosity. Like pressing against a new gap in his mouth where a tooth had once been, strange and compelling.
“Who are you and what have you done with my brother?”
Mycroft watched as his sister’s eyes narrowed minutely, blue orbs flat.
“He has not harmed me, if that is your question.” Sherlock denied flatly, his voice deadpan and neutral. Still he lay like a marionette with its strings cut, the utter picture of boredom and contempt. “I have merely found my usual experiments and research… dull. As of late.” One spidery hand shooed at Mycroft, and the motion seemed a gargantuan effort on Sherlock’s part. “Go away, Mycroft. Find someone else to mother hen over.”
Shyla. it felt so
It wasn't supposed to have turned out this way.
“Any how is Shyla doing, then? Still keeping up with her… hobbies?”
Mycroft was careful to reply. He did not mention to Sherlock how in that moment, there was a sliver of humanity in those blue eyes, something that had been lost for many a millenia.
John swallowed and nodded, hands curling into fists at the mention of his responsibility over other lives. As a medic alone, he knew he'd feel the weight of more lives on his shoulders than the average soldier. Now however, he could feel the pressure all too clearly. For one dizzying moment, he felt as if he were ten years old again, holding a baseball bat and expected to hit the ball on his first try. His father had been having one of his good days, and he hadn't wanted to disappoint him. As if sensing the darker direction in which his thoughts had twisted themselves, Sherlock's rumbling voice hummed in his thoughts like a salve.
“I should have known... I should have
Then it sank in, and John felt his heart speed up again, but this time not in fear. In something else.
with a rather sour-looking little girl. Her eyes blazed defiantly up at him, blue-green and wide in a thin, rather pinched face. She snarled at the camera, raven curls pulled back with various ribbons and bows so that her expression could be read clearly, though each tumbling wave looked like it was ready to commit treason against the clips. Though the photo was in negative, John could tell that the dress the girl
An Irish drawl seeped from John's lips, rolling and full.
Sneak stayed for a few more hours, but by the time dinner was coming, Sherlock noted a marked shift in the personality before him. Increasingly distracted and silent, the detective watched as John's hands began to wring themselves, fingers twitching and his sleeves being tugged on restlessly, as if the man felt his skin to be too tight. Though Sneak didn't say it out loud, the detective could guess who would be making a guest appearance later on that night. Patiently he waited, wondering when the turn-over would happen. He sat in his chair, watching the man before him, both at once stranger and friend, pace until the first starts came overhead outside.
never
John cowered as the gun pressed itself more firmly to his skull. From beneath the fan of his lashes, he could see Sherlock beginning to pale.
, yeah? Xavi’s not going to change that.”
He tried to pretend the sound that came out of him was a bitter chuckle instead of a harsh and muffled scream.
This was not the same creature that stood before them. For starters, the wolf stood as tall as him at the shoulders, heavy ropes of muscle quivering with adrenaline. Its pelt was jet black, making the lanterns of its eyes glow hotly. Its right eye was marred by a deep-running scar, a gash of silver and pink. This alone was horrifying enough, but John felt his blood turn to ice as the wolf’s muzzle seemed to contort itself into a warped grin. A noise came from it, human laughter with an undercurrent of growling. The hair on the back of John’s neck stood on end. He clutched Sherlock’s hand tightly. Sherlock’s face was icy as he regarded the creature, a dangerous energy crackling through the sky. Thunder.
Downstairs, the soft lilting notes of Bach’s Partita No. 2  began to drift into the air eerily. It was a lonely piece, something sad and achingly sweet in its tone that spoke of a solitude so profound that it could be felt in every slide of the strings. Daniel had never been one for classical music, but in that moment, he felt that perhaps the tone of the song described all of them with perfect clarity. Alone, and yet longing to find purpose. The frail hope in the notes suggesting a wish, a want to be more than they were. It became stronger the longer the notes danced, contrasting sharply with the poignant sadness.
, and yet his Master appeared
Slowly, it clicked together. Sherlock’s eyes clouded in mystification as he shook his head.
He thought long into the night.
at him just enough to keep him from hurting her. He tried to tell himself it was for that reason at least, and not because her company kept away some of the dark thoughts that were circling his mind as he curled back into the corner behind the couch. Absently, he nibbled on a piece of cake as his sharp eyes ran over the old woman, the
“You have something that is making you the target of several dangerous individuals.” Sherlock cut in then, apparently finding his voice. Irene’s smile wavered, and she back off a bit to go and take a seat in a dark leather chair. She crossed her arms over herself with practiced ease, putting on a business-like mask that made John wonder if she had planned to catch their interest from the start.
As always, many thanks to my wonderful beta
It took the better part of John’s courage however, to will himself back up the wooden stairs. Candles had long since guttered to the core of their wicks, and the ex-army doctor’s figure cast long shadows upon the wooden floorboards, creating creatures that flickered out of the corner of the eye threateningly.
he was handsome. Where John had grown used to the pale skin, become wary of the unnaturally plump lips and hungry desire that burned in the Demon’s eyes, there was a startling sharpness to the man’s features. Sherlock’s cheeks were sharp enough that John could picture them as edged knife-points, and though his gaze was hungry thus far he had maintained a tenuous control, though his lips parted to reveal carnivorous teeth. John hadn’t realised that slowly the creature’s presence had begun to lower his defenses, but he stiffened in mortification as the hand that had been hovering over his throat sought out a lower path, trailing down his stomach to brush across his his cock.
“Yeah, well. Most of my therapists seemed to think it had to do with the car crash, although that doesn't make sense given the symptoms of my disorder.”
To John, the following weeks in the desert seemed to rush, to blur and shimmer like a mirage overhead. As if time lost itself in a vortex that swirled darkly above the land. Even the stars seemed not quite real when he found the time to look up to the sky, somehow brighter and far more abundant than they ever had been in London nights.
He never intended to join the Army.
The question to be was whether it was rage, or something else entirely.
“John Watson is a kind, loyal mask put together to keep the rest of his memories under lock and key. He, and all of his other Alters are coping mechanisms, and not real people. Tell me Sherlock, you pretend to know your friend, but are you really so blind as to not see that perhaps John was nudged into living with you, that his other personalities had some ulterior motives to know your every move? To get
“It's not. Believe me, it's
The sight before him was decidedly confusing, especially first thing on an early Sunday afternoon. Sherlock stood at the foot of the bed, stack of blankets tottering in one hand. The dark black horns that just peeked out of the dark mass of his curls seemed to glint in the red-orange that streamed from the window sill, mirroring sharply the glow in the Dragon-man's eyes even as he growled in protest at his partner's flailing.
That was the other clear secret that John couldn’t help but face: Sherlock was hiding some past pain.
Then he grabbed the file in his hands, thumb brushing over a piece of black and white paper that had wormed its' way out of the organized rubber band. A pity really that Sherlock hadn't seen it, because written in its' block-type print were words that Mycroft would have been sure he would have wanted to know.
The detective arched a brow. “And what is the payment for such a story?”
“Plus serve three years and we'll pay for your medical education.”
The thought makes him laugh hoarsely, even as he slips out into the night to 'arrive' on the scene after the police cars arrived. Lestrade wouldn't buy it because he had seen John leave earlier, but he wouldn't question it either, John felt. He hadn't really gotten to know the Detective Inspector yet, but he got the sense that he was used to bending the rules just a little.
“I don’t know the code.”
friends now!”
“She wants something for the photos, but she’s being coy as to her demands. It’s time to take things
If you want to even have a hope of seducing me you’re going to have to do something more than sing. I don’t appreciate being manipulated, if you think that’s all it’s going to take then you can just
She seemed to remember herself then, and dark eyes blinked up from her phone’s screen to offer Hajera a half-hearted look of sympathy. “You can call me Anthea. I suppose you have only my word, but I am head of the ‘Mary Poppins’ subset of my employer’s special forces.”
The elder Holmes smirked. Just ever so slightly.
In the bathroom, loud splashing noises could be heard. John figured the floor was probably soaking wet by now, as his new Draconian housemate seemed determined to spill half of his bath all over the tiles. He rubbed at his face tiredly and sighed, figuring he'd probably have to apologize to Mrs. Hudson for that. Yet another thing on John's long list of
So far, this
“Fine then, you two will do just fine for such purposes-”
“You want a big breakfast so you can go out all day and do some exploring?”
Sherlock's hands wandered over the scars, tracing them lightly. They were pale and silvery from age, but he could still see them, because he knew how to look. Sometimes, he just lay awake in bed, fingers absently wandering along their lines just underneath his nipples, touching and fluttering against them and feeling the tingle of flesh not quite healed. Then he'd touch the other scars, the ones that were not okay. The ones that came about before the new scars fixed him, or at least fixed him enough that he didn't feel the need to burn. To cut. To bleed.
“Please…
“I’ve done the worst thing I could do.”
Within moments, he’d find himself leaning into Sherlock’s space, craving the detective’s touch and feeling a longing to make contact, to claim and own and
Sherlock didn't respond nor did he look up from the bowl of cereal he was currently trying to stir to bits, his cerulean gaze seemingly absorbed in the floating cheerios before him. Over the course of the past few days, John had steadily been trying to get him to eat. It had so far been largely a success, if only because the doctor was incredibly stubborn, when he put his mind to it. The fact was he was not afraid to twist the detective's metaphorical arm, and though John pretended not to know Sherlock's weak points, he had no trouble using them when it came to the detective's health.
Instead they danced about each other, closer than they had been for weeks with their joint determination to beat Sherlock’s eating disorder, and yet further away than they had ever been before in the bedroom. It was absolutely
Like a long, slow trial by fire, things didn't exactly get easier between Sherlock and John. Yet… somehow… the two of them became stronger. Or maybe, the detective finally opened his eyes to just how quickly things had spiralled downwards, and how completely hateful the idea was of giving up to him. So, like any Holmes with determination alight anew, Sherlock pushed himself. John saw, and so, John pushed as well. A soldier, supporting a comrade if only by the quiet encouragement in his touch, the murmured appreciation of Sherlock’s effort whispered to him at night when they were curled about one another, the night seeming endless and yet all at once too small.
Though he's not exactly adept at social cues, Sherlock feels like perhaps there aren't exactly any fixed line of manners for when your flatmate suddenly revealed that they had a mental disorder that made him have multiple versions of himself come to life inside his head. The Detective figured he might as well try to give it a shot. He knocked again on the door.
“Oh God, no. Don’t....”
Because for an instant, he was cracked open and exposed to John Watson, and John Watson was exposed and cracked open to him. And they were one in the same as their thoughts flowed freely through each other, shivering and expanding into a heat that was at once scalding as it was nurturing. It was the beginning of a Bond Bite, and Sherlock was never,
If Mycroft was studying his sibling’s paint-stripping glare, he chose to ignore it. He smiled instead in his typical oily manner, tapping the end of his umbrella in front of him before speaking. Mycroft, John thought, spoke rather like his words were cupped in orbs of glass- delicate and rounded and smooth. Posh. He wondered if back on the Gem Homeworld, there were etiquette classes and lessons on how to be at once polite and completely condescending.
sloshed. He kicked it up under his toes, bare feet feeling the grainy texture and reminding him sharply that he had left his shoes by the safety of fire and light. In his eyes, it seemed to glitter like pixie dust.
The parties.
Dodge might have continued, but was interupted by a ferocious snarl as both she and John were unexpectedly flung back, pinned defensively at opposite sides of the room by their respective Dragons. It was strange: one moment the soldier was standing upright, the next he was being tossed to the floor like a sandbag for target practice. John wheezed, breath knocked out as he looked above him. All he saw was the shadow of massive dark wings.
as ice.
In the end, what had brought the illusion of safety tumbling down had been something horrifyingly simple.
"Oh, John! It's been ages!" The old woman giggled warmly, voice rising in excitement even as she clutched at his hands. Her enthusiasm melted away some of John's coldness, and he found himself softening in his posture even as he smiled at her joy.
Treasure.... Oh.
“I’m the head of the women’s quarters amongst the servants. Aamon, the head of the males’, unfortunately had pressing business to attend to.” Hajera looked to John, her dark eyes wide and earnest. “He asked me to apologise on his behalf, as well as to show you to your quarters, when the time came.” She laughed then, and it was a sound that was both embarrassed and stressed. “I’m afraid you’ve all come at a rather pressing time. You see, her majesty is currently in the middle of a rather strenuous bout of negotiation with neighbouring countries. We’ve all had to keep on our toes- she does not like to be kept waiting.”
Because if someone ever were to try, the detective would tear a strip out of them, his tongue still sharp despite the slow clawing deterioration of his mind.
“Sometimes. It's like a radio. Sometimes we're all on the same station, but sometimes we're on different freq- frequen- different waves.” She struggled to say
Yet it had quickly gotten out of hand when the elder Holmes had looked upon his younger brother's form, pale eyes sweeping over his rail-thin frame, paling at what he saw. Immediately, Sherlock's worse secrets were thrown hissingly out into the open, Mycroft unable to believe quite what he was seeing through deduction, for once unable to control his emotions as he'd snarled “
“Found me in the bathroom in the middle of the night. I'd slit my wrists and was bleeding out in the tub. They put me on
Sherlock did not leave his room for four days.
Mycroft loved him desperately. Sherlock responded to the love like a flower facing the sun. The two could often be found chasing each other down the bustling halls of the castle, weaving in and out of the rookery like foxes and hares. They’d duck and dodge their way between massive arms, lashing tails and disgruntled new mothers dealing with Hatchlings that were keeping them up at night. As they did, the older Dragons would murmur to one another in loving exasperation. The mountain was their domain, and Mycroft and Sherlock both grew up amidst stone caverns, glittering caves, and family.
“You’ve been bullied before. Or witnessed it and done nothing....From the orphanage?”
Still, Marley found someone whispering under their breath, just loud enough to overhear "You lot are looking for a Mole? Open your bloody eyes."
Everything tasted like desert, in John’s dreams. Sand and dust was how Sherlock’s betrothed had grown up, all he had known. It was a village that Sherlock had only glimpsed at from time to time, and yet now he saw it for what it was- a dustbowl.
Many thanks as always to my fantastic beta
“It’s alright now, John. It’s ok. I’m here.”
“No, sir, I want you to open the safe.”
“He's getting worse.”
It was then that he left, nodding smartly at Molly before carrying on his way, leaving behind him foggy footprints that soon melted away with the warmth of Sherlock’s Palace. It was only after he left that John remembered that the man had at one point, wandered in his dreams.
Dragons with temperament issues were often put down. If they were not 'picked' by people because of aggression issues or perhaps a birth defect, then they were put on the Red List. Because Dragons were reasonably rare creatures, they were not put down for another five years after their initiation onto said list, but Sherlock always seemed to push the envelope for being borderline dangerous. He snarled when the Handlers touched him, not that he could help it since they often touched his bad wing. He also rarely ate the food offered to him, so he was skinnier than most of the other Dragons. He made sure to look menacing and not in a good way when the soldiers or the rich came looking for Slaves to take.
Which made sense because the creature John came to find huddling over his daughter’s egg wasn't Human at all, Sherlock's form a mass of scales and teeth even as the beast roared its grief, clutching its egg to its chest.
“Molly has told me you haven’t left this room in nearly a fortnight.” Sherlock didn’t reply directly, but the slow blink of his agreement seemed as good a reason as any to carry on. “I was informed that on the night of the Hunt as it were you came to blows with a certain Demon… a James Moriarty. Whispers of course, but like a spider’s web, word travels rather
Thanks for all the lovely kudos and comments!!!
to be done, and the pup brightened in immediate glee at the thought that if his brother knew what he was considering he would have a fit.
then?”
And very quietly, the Monster growled a low rumbling noise that vibrated up the young man's arm and seem to shake him down to his very inner heart.
He only had a second to gather his somewhat petulant and stunned thoughts before he was being hoisted up into a sitting position by his shirt collar. John’s blue eyes burned into his with fury as he was lifted in a rather startling display of physical strength. Daniel’s Scottish lilt was low and threatening, hissing into his ear.
It was simply too easy.
He almost dropped the man
He said it softly, but the creature's head tilted towards him with sharpness, indicating it had heard the young man's words clearly. Slowly, John watched out of the corner of his eye as the creature took one last uneasy look about it, as if it was expecting some kind of trap. Its scales flashed uncertain orange.Then, tentatively it reached out one pale and long Humanoid hand, creeping forward past the door to snatch another ice-cube from the hardwood and putting it in its mouth. John couldn't help his grin then, because an indescribable feeling bubbled up in his chest at that moment.
John nodded, to which Greg pursed his lips and traced his still half-finished pint with one finger in contemplation. When he spoke, his voice was careful.
A sleepwalker.
Mrs Hudson left later in the evening, and John thanked her profusely for her help. She waved away any attempt at payment, merely instructing him to give her a call next time he needed her.
His tongue lolled out of his sharp mouth against his will, his chest expanding as he heaved air into his lungs. Though he was reared up on his hind legs, the floor swayed perilously under him, like a ship tossing and turning in the waves of a black storm.
too, signed up for the army actually because I was scouted over it. This is my third tour. I'm an old pro by this point.” He chuckled good-naturedly, and John lit up with excitement as he asked
High, almost delicate cheekbones, pinkened slightly with sleep. Eyes with such dark lashes they seemed almost female, and a bowed lip that looked like it was used to scowling but could have a beautifully crooked grin. The man's dark curls tumbled erratically about his face in loose disarray, framing a pointed chin and curling just under two pale ears. His skin was paper-white, not the kind of skin Claude had taken to associating with men. It held in it a soft quality that made her almost tempted to reach out and touch it, if she hadn't been shaking in fear. Her breath came quicker as she felt Sneak's interest rise inside of her, his appearance not unlike a woman's in the delicate structure of his form. Still, even with his elfin limbs and almost frail body mass, Claude could see a great deal of muscle hidden under deceptive clothes and concealing buttons. A part of her found the man not unlike a cat, especially in the way he folded himself up into an impossibly disjointed ball of sharp elbows and knees in order to catch a few hours of rest. The dark circles under his eyes did little to perturb the flirtatious voice inside of her head that made her want to scowl.
John did not want him to.
location, shall we?”
“John likes the present too, Blue. You did well to get him this far.” Sherlock soothed, trying his best to comfort the rather sad personality even as his mind whirled. If Blue was the first then, she had a protector’s complex, a strong core that believed it needed to shield others. As a result, one personality had taken the majority of the abuse, thus leaving the others to operate and function at varying levels. Fascinating, horrifying and ridiculously clever. John’s brain was trying to buffer the majority of the pain and psychological trauma to a personality rarely used. Yet absent from Blue was one vital emotion, and Sherlock wondered where it was lying hidden. Rage. He had met Conrad, but Conrad appeared only during John’s war service, no.
For a creature that looked like it should be effortlessly graceful, John found the Dragon could be terribly clumsy at times, not unlike a colt still trying to get control of its overly long limbs. The thought made him have to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from smiling.
“Your… brother… Sherlock has a brother?”
“If you do move into, um… …221B Baker Street, I’d be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
in Sherlock Holmes' elegant hands.
Jealousy wasn't part of it.
“Mistress, you nearly
Greg smiled, the expression softening the look of thought on his face. Mycroft was alarmed at how much he was beginning to grow attached to that smile. So
He stepped into the darkened area of the pool, noticing the gentle lapping of the water, the greenish glow of the lights casting strange shadows in the darkness. Sherlock was hyper-aware of the gun at his side, not his own but John’s. It was an unfamiliar weight, cold and impersonal. He was as well aware of the way his own heart seemed louder in the silence, pounding in his ears.
His flat was a mess. Everything that hadn't been bolted to the floor
Mycroft was, or Sherlock for that matter. A Gem on the outside merely looked the way they wished to, but it sometimes was painfully clear just how alien Earth’s newest inhabitants were.
crave danger. The true question, was did Sherlock crave it as well, or was his Gem designed to desire something else? John didn’t know, and truthfully, Gem culture was a mystery to most of humanity. Certainly, Sherlock offered no information as to what his purpose would be if living on his homeworld planet. The ex-army doctor somehow sensed that even if he asked, the answer that would pass the man’s lips would be a silver lie, left to hang in the air acknowledged but not addressed.
Perhaps that was why he hadn't shifted over, and he wondered to himself if maybe his Others were sending him some kind of message.
Startled, the young soldier turned to find himself being greeted by a tall, agile-looking man, only a few years older than John himself. A shock of chestnut-coloured hair fell over a highly freckled face, boyish green eyes peeking out from under its fringe. He sat with his hands clasped between his knees, shirt covered by a jacket of all things, much to John's mystification. Beside him, his Dragon sat primly, but John gaped at her all the same.
So John forgot the dream that slowly became just that, and in time, he stopped asking for his friend. At least, he stopped out loud.
of them?!”
The elder of the brother as if sensing his thoughts spoke to John then, his tone even. “Rest assured John that if you are to spend any time with my brother, you must become accustomed to his… erratic temperament.” Then, perhaps softer to John’s mind “He does not beg forgiveness, but he does take back vows made in anger.”
“Your name for the mission is Hamish Wrentley, and to start with, you’re right-handed.”
“Correct.”
“Good. That's good....” And John trailed off, staring at the collar around the Dragon's neck and reading the name inscribed on it.
“A Shape-Changer, yes. It’s my Specialty.” He’d never said it aloud before, come to think of it. At least, not to a stranger.
“Up you get then, Holmes. The worst and best I think, is yet to come.”
“Now, now. No need to get physical.”
And above all of it, a tumultuous roar that sounded at first like the pounding of drums, but upon closer inspection was the rumbling of hundreds of people chanting. Protesters flocked the roads and the side-walks, brandishing signs and shouting their discontent like the chorus of tepid bells into the air. The crowds of people were an ugly mob of red and white, their hands holding up signs of a crimson Dragon curled into a ring-like shape. Underneath the symbol were bold-lettered words, some traced on with sharpie, others typed.
“Pips, to be precise. Orange pips.”
John noticed it as he woke, hands instinctively seeking out the rough sphere even as his sleepy mind noted the fact that Sherlock was up, rifling through John's drawers with all the manic of an addict searching for a hit. Blinking, it took the soldier a second to realise that the feeling of the egg was off, that it no longer burned like a furnace like it had begun doing about four weeks in its arrival. Instead it lay ashen and cool under his skin. For a moment, John's heart plummeted down into his stomach.
“You’re John Hamish Watson.” Sherlock murmured “Captain of the fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, army doctor and partner to Sherlock Holmes: that’s me, by the way.”
His nightmares were the only proof to John besides the cuts and bruises littering his skin that he was in the accident at all. They plagued him, vague images that made no sense. A screaming face, wide blue eyes as everything was tilted sideways. The vaguest of dreams.
Grimly, John wondered to himself just how long it would take before Sherlock would pull away. Reject him, pry too far into his past and find something he couldn't fix. Because so many therapists had tried, so many families and doctor's and mental specialists had attempted to fix John Watson. And yet here he was, trusting an alleged “amateur” detective to help him. John knew it was mad. Knew it probably wouldn't work.
The old woman nodded in agreement, though now that John was closer he could see a kind of anxiousness about her. Mrs Hudson was looking at him with evident relief in her eyes, the kind that was clearly stemming from fear as she laced her hands together in her lap, seating herself with only a mild complaint about her “old bones and stubborn hip”. John took a seat beside her, his own internal panic melting into concern and curiosity as Martha nervously tucked a strand of white hair behind her ear.
Darkness was a velvet blanket, swaddling John in a circular sort of embrace that had no seams or exits in which he could crawl out from. A tunnel, stretching out ahead of him eerily, soft wind moaning in his hair and bringing with it the faint taste of salt and sea. Like one of his favourite books, where an endless cave led children astray into its depths never to be seen again. Except there was no song of faeries calling for him liltingly, only a melody that John somehow knew at the core of his being. Screaming for him, really. It shrieked his name again and again, howled it like a stormy wind kicking across dark-churned waters. The snarl in its tone was inhuman, but John found he wasn't frightened by the voice. Rather, there was a stretching pain in his abdomen, travelling upwards into the crook of his wrist. It fluttered like a pulse. A butterfly's breath of longing. He wanted the screaming to stop, but he wanted to stop it by padding the voice's tears away with his fingers, by pressing his arms around pale shoulders.
Namely, trying to convince Sherlock to let their mother back into his life.
him. Possibly irreparably.”
“Astute observation.” The detective said dryly, even though the corner of his mouth ticked with something automatic and restless. Sherlock watched as Sneak seemed to hone in on the action like a cat, head tilting to the side in predatory instinct as he let puzzle pieces come together from previous conversation.
Her voice held in it a note of finality, effectively ending the conversation as quickly as it had begun.
(don't actually sacrifice anything though or I will be horrified)
But how was the detective meant to protect him from those created for the sole purpose of
hadn't planned on reading any further. In truth
*The older language is based on Irish Gaelic, with some variations just for the sake of storytelling/aesthetic*
Such a thing seemed almost unheard of, unusual. Yet, Sherlock knew, this was
It was why a moment later, the ex-army doctor tightened his hold on Sherlock’s hand, leaning upwards to kiss the underside of Sherlock’s jaw. His voice was rough with emotion, something that would likely make the man even more uncomfortable. John couldn’t really bring himself to care.
“Well, it looks like we're one of the lucky ones, two
“Lie down. It's okay. I know the rest of the way.”
The majority of the medics had Chinese Dragons for assistants. It wasn't a
for assuming. Rather, his
know, he couldn't bear to not
Greg seemed to be intent on refusing to let his point go. He set down the dirty mug he was washing, soapy water clinging to his knuckles as he tapped his fingers against the counter, bracing his arms. He pointed to the tip jar on the counter.
The thought of the upcoming ball made John’s chest tighten predictably. He hadn’t thought about it once today, but it now came crashing around his ears, leaving him struggling for air. He stood, groping blindly in the dark for the handle to the balcony. It opened with a small
John refused to be budged, blue eyes filling with tears even as he fought them, fought against the overwhelming feeling of panic. His mother carried on, oblivious to her children who hid just outside the hall.
“Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to play with your food?” Sherlock rumbled with feigned casualty, leaning against the gate in observation.
Sherlock wasn't a stupid Hatchling. He knew when asking was really just polite demanding. Yet strangely, he found he didn't find this 'Jawn' quite so irritating as he gave him the supposed 'options' to pick from. On the one hand, the Dragon absolutely despised physical contact. It made his skin crawl, bad memories resurfacing and leaving it difficult for him to regain his composure when he closed his eyes and pictured the past. Yet he also knew he had no idea how to drain or refill the tub, as the mechanics were quite lost on him since he had never seen a faucet before this closely. He was sure he could figure it out, but it would probably require a fair bit of time and splashing, and he wasn't sure just how patient this Human was. It was quite possible that if he took too long he would be beaten, and though that soft face didn't seem like the type for unnecessary cruelty, there was a firmness in 'Jawn' that was hidden under his caretaker veil. Sherlock was not yet sure what kind of steel it was, but if it turned out to be the volatile type...
His eyes flutter closed for a moment, and Mycroft notices how his entire body shudders, gripping his leg and grimacing in pain. Daniel sits himself down on the chair he previously had doggedly ignored, feeling the last of his resolve fade away.
It was as if a bomb had gone off. Simultaneously, John both heard in his mind and saw each Dragon physically and mentally recoil from the order, as if they had all been tazed with an electric shock. Piper visibly snarled, curling her lips back to reveal inhumanly sharp teeth. Even Sherlock, normally so outwardly calm towards other soldiers when not actively threatened, looked repulsed.
like bronze sand settling along the wrapped limbs and muscles of the soldiers lying on the cots inside, coming to cling to John as if magnetized to his heat signature. It lingered in his hair, dusted his knees and legs, and Sherlock's blue eyes turned positively silver in the glow that hummed in the magic like honey, sugar-sweet and pure.
Two years together, and John set down his paper, looking up at Sherlock. The man was seated in his chair, the sunlight turning his hair shades of chocolate brown and cinnamon.
She was beautiful, the same kind of ethereal, feral loveliness that Sherlock's physical appearance had. Like she'd just as soon rip your throat out as she might kiss you. Dark red lips contrasted pale blue eyes that shimmered like winter was trapped within their depths. Her hair was of a dark brown, but not quite as inky as Sherlock's, warming closer to cinnamon. Despite the sun, her skin was as pale as marble. Her smile was edged and cunning.
“Then… Then that means- “
Neither stirred, lost in their own minds and dreams that swirled about them like a mother's hug drawing them near.
Then, Dr Finnegan nodded and made his excuses, quietly turning to attend to another family.
Curious that he hadn't noticed.
John's possibly smartest personality. That should have been all of them, except Sherlock knew it wasn't. Because John's body was still slightly tense, and his friend looked like he wanted to say something.
and tense.
Then she let John click his heels and salute to her before she called him a “git” and gestured for them with an air of resignation to move on out.
“You did. It’s nearly lunch.”
And John, much later in the evening and sleepier from a cup of warm milk and grandma's stories, thought he dreamt of a whispered voice like the shudder of wings right by his ear.
Finally, John's damn mouth opened, but before he spoke, Sherlock overran him. The man's voice was calculating, soft and resigned. It sounded like he was prepared for battle. Cold and hardened by a false bravado and dignity the man simply couldn't hope to possess. Not when his eyes looked so anxious, not when he trembled in his seat like a child awaiting to be struck.
It was without thinking that he shifted back to his more comfortable, doctorly form, the glow of his Gem receding and the weapon in his hand fading away to nothing. It was distractedly he noticed his own breathing had elevated, turning harsh against his lips and fogging outwards. From a distant point of view, John was somewhat aware that the sound of his own pulse rushing in his ears wasn’t normal, and that the look that Sherlock was now giving him even as he faded back to the detective everyone knew was concern masked by indifference. A panic attack, but over what John wasn’t quite sure. He’d had them before, especially during the first few weeks trapped in his bedsit. Yet this wasn’t the fear left over from a nightmare, this was a rush of seeing realisation that what he was habitually denying couldn’t be ignored. It was the prickling feeling of eyes upon him, friends turned to strangers in their wide-eyed stares.
company. Do I make myself clear?”
John blinked as Sherlock coiled over the cake like he was guarding a precious treasure, scales flashing a protective gold like the colour of sun-blasted sand. The rumbling edges of a low growl of approval bubbled from the creature's chest, sounding like the revving of a pickup truck with the close proximity between them. The soldier had to clamp down on the familiar beginnings of fear prickling along his spine, telling himself firmly that Sherlock was not actively being a threat. He was just defending what he perceived as his, nothing more. There was nothing to be scared of so long as he didn't try and take his cake from him. Like a crooked spinning tea cup, he struggled to keep his thoughts from whirling out into the realm of dead panic when Sherlock's lips peeled back to bare inhumanely pointed teeth.
“It's painful. It hurts like nothing else quite can. So it's punishment. For when I disappoint people. For when I'm...” And the detective trailed off, looking at his hands.
been irrevocably damaged by fire. Yet, despite her handicap, the Queen hadn't seemed willing to simply acquiesce her throne to Egypt, which might have very well turned her people into war fodder. Instead she had struck up deals with a number of powerful countries, quickly becoming known for her calculating manner and mind for strategy. She had traded land with the military in order to gain alliances, thus bringing income for her people and feeding hundreds out of the thousands of the starving . Nevertheless, she hadn't been as stupid as to let the people have too much wealth, still firmly establishing her place as ruler. Someone they needed and depended on. John still remembered watching the news, eyes wide at the way a mere child had managed to seemingly take the world by storm. However, these facts were not even the most renowned points of interest when it came to the East's Queen. No.
John's voice was soft. Unexpectedly high. “Sherlock Holmes.” Blue greeted him, features unreadable save for the sadness that seemed to cling to her like a cloak. The detective didn't speak for fear of spooking her, nodding his head in greeting. He wordlessly pointed to the chair before him, keeping his voice low and non-confrontational as he spoke.
He did not realise what John was about to do until his companion was lunging for the rapist’s (one George Hewey) throat, face twisted into a snarl of unbridled rage. With a shout, both men went down like a tonne of bricks, Sherlock left to try and pull John away from the attacker, which was next to impossible.
At least, that was what we told him, before he took off.”
John looked up before he could stop himself, staring at Sherlock with surprise. His Dragon's brows were furrowed in confusion and their blue orbs glowed with something that wasn't quite fear, but
sure what was going on.
of the Dragons he'd seen. But maybe that was because he was trying to find some semblance of connection with
yourself to a mortal and you do not even see that you are dying because of it!”
A moment later Shyla was out of her seat, leaping up and barely suppressing a whoop of joy before seeming to collect herself. She stood before him in her pyjamas, a colt uncertain of which direction to go.
So, weeks passed without anything really going amiss, save for a general feeling of seething arguments left unsaid and the strange dreams that John had late at night. The ones that made him toss and turn, only to wake in a cold sweat and clutch at the blankets. The ones that left a name lingering as an echo on his lips, only just forgotten. Dreams where the moon hung over the ocean, pregnant and ivory white and turned the entire sea to silver, save for a shadowy figure in the distance. The one that sang as they called to him with outstretched arms, their eyes the only visible part of their features. A beautiful, hungry blue-teal. The one where he couldn't really be sure if it was a dream at all, or if it was always on the edge of a nightmare.
Was he breathing?
The detective rocked back on his heels as if he
saw the hand that touched him without permission, cupping his chin and tilting his face upwards. Unwillingly a memory flashes darkly in Sherlock's mind, and his tail appeared to swish in discomfort even as he worked hard to control is
What he found was a thousand times worse than he could have imagined.
The water slicked back those dark curls, turning the Selkie into a sleek but sickly-looking figure. Blue-green eyes the colour of the ocean opened by slits, and a weak and high note of question left the creature’s lips. The ginger-haired Selkie responded with a deep rumble, the kind that sunk into John’s very bones and left him feeling swaddled and safe. It was strange to see Sherlock so vulnerable, and for the first time John saw less of a monster and more of a man sitting in his bathtub.
what you call yourself, right?”
Then, more firmly, Sherlock added.
he should remember.
“I made a mistake. I said something and now he's gone and I
the man to open up and finally speak, John couldn't help but feel as if he were constantly just a step away from utter outrage.
“And just
The other man, the one John hadn’t met yet watched the entire exchange in a reptilian sort of way, his grey eyes flat and at a glance appearing rather bored with the entire affair.
John watched as his older sister's lip curled in annoyance, but she was cowed into enough obedience to turn to her vegetables and pick at them distantly. Grandma however, did not look so easily convinced. She shot John a conspiratorial look that invalidated her cheery tone as she appeased her daughter, reaching for the glass jug of lemonade on the table. The glint of its light-pink hue seemed to match her bubbly tone.
“Egg-Snatcher.” His hands at his sides tightened into fists, his blank face as good as a final judgement even as he looked up and at Captain Benson, awaiting orders. John knew that look, and was thankful that for once he was not under the overbearing weight of it. Sherlock did not look people in the eye often, but when he did, his gaze could look through a man, as if turning his insides into water and pulling anything of worth out in the process. It was not an easy gaze to match, though Benson tried valiantly to. In the end however, his gaze ultimately flicked to John.
She floated up to him from the black, skin as white as snow in the midst of a blue storm, blonde hair curling down her cheeks in loose waves. She had the kind of rounded cheeks that looked as prone to smile as they did to cry, and her eyes were dark brown as sleepily, she woke. For a moment she didn't seem to notice John, instead kicking her way upwards, towards the light. The ex-army doctor could have sworn in her place there had once been a door,
Upon the detective's entrance, Claude leapt easily to her feet, tearing after Sherlock with a high-pitched
as they rasped over her, as if from years of
But then John's smile faded, and his eyes grew serious as he continued with only a small pause, doctor mode kicking in.
John pretended that the concentration of that stare didn’t excite him as much as it unnerved him.
“It’s okay… It will be okay. I’m going to get something to help… Do you understand?”
John looked at his friend skeptically, after a moment considering his love life as of late. He hadn’t dated anyone in nearly a year and a half. That wasn’t exactly normal for him. In fact in secondary, he’d been more than a little bit of a womanizer.
“My mother. She’s invited us for dinner.”
“She smelled like Roses.”
“That’s not what your kind usually say.”
Sherlock woke thinking for a moment that he was being held down by an attacker.
The soldier tried not too look to guilty as his hands went subconsciously towards the inside of his jacket where the
, if he hadn't been too busy debating with himself whether or not to have his homeless network stretch outside of London. He didn't think John could be too far out, but he was beginning to have doubts. After tall, chances were this was a new personality at work, and he didn't know how their mind thought. Though John would have gone some place close to home, this other version of John might enjoy wandering.
” And there was something dangerous in the detective's eyes now, feral. It looked as if he might like to tear apart the girl from John's past if she had so much dared to wrong him. Sneak's answer however was not what he was expecting. Simple.
to admit that the personality was rather charming, in a scandalous kind of way.
“Getting rid of the chain might help… when you’re at least somewhat sure he won’t try to run away.” Molly quipped back nervously, a small grin turning up her features.
The muttering broke then into another language, one that Sherlock identified after a moment as Dari. It was very clear then just where John thought he was, and Sherlock found his hands raised in a clear sign of surrender, even as he inched forward.
Someone was knocking on the door.
“Um, Sergeant Donovan’s just been explaining everything, the two pills. Been a dreadful business, hasn’t it? Dreadful.”
at their
More than anything, it tasted metallic with a tang that was familiar as it was unsettling.
Sherlock insisted on having Lestrade stay until nightfall, as he wanted the Selkie to lead him to the “scene of the latest crime” as he put it. This meant that Sherlock largely ignored the other Selkie, leaving John the task of playing host as he himself paced about the living room, wrapped up in his newfound project.
those kinds of urges at all, Gem biology a mystery to him. He knew enough to be aware that some Gems
Sherlock wasn't surprised when the harsh and guttural Welsh accent broke through. What
John.
It was without thinking that John’s hands came to grip the sleeves of Sherlock’s shirt, pulling the man down until their lips came to touch, achingly soft and desperate not to be wrong.
Conrad knew from his birth that he was a mistake.
John grit his teeth and braced himself for an explosion when Dodge promptly snapped her fingers, uttering a military-like command. Testing John's honesty.
“....Perhaps. Yet, the question that I would pose to you would be, would Sherlock have wanted my presence?” John didn’t answer, hands tightening at his sides. His reply would only be what the older man expected it to be, a resounding and screaming NO written into Sherlock’s current absence, something John saw now was deliberate, likely the result of Lestrade calling him away to a case. Mycroft continued to fix upon him a look that was as pale as it was knowing, something dead and cold in the expression. The army doctor found himself sitting across from the man, not bothering to offer tea. Somewhat childishly, it was of John’s opinion that the man didn’t really deserve it.
They both began to walk together in comfortable silence, however John could feel the man's eyes like laser bearing down on the back of his neck. Noting how he couldn't meet his gaze. Instead he stared at his hands, where the faint outline of gunpowder still stained his thumbs. How long had it been since that had meant something good? Or at least something exciting?
More than that, when he closed his eyes, his husband reached out tentatively, long fingers winding themselves from their death-grip on their egg to run through John's short hair. The sensation was soothing, pleasant. Comforting.
“You're not buying it, are you? It sounds like it's pretty official.” Rory commented around a mouthful of bread, chewing and swallowing with a pained sort of grunt. He always ate too quickly, a leftover habit from growing up with twelve older brothers. He had a tendency to just wolf down his food, regardless of the consequences. It was likely a good thing he was so active, John mused. Marley snorted in response, shaking her dark curls. Her voice was thick with disbelief.
The man sighed, seeming to debate extending his hand in a professional greeting. He decided against it, seeing Sherlock obvious unease. Instead he introduced himself. “Sherlock, my name is Mycroft Holmes.  I am a government official, operating under the MI26 division of the military for our Queen and country. I am also a Dragon, a fact that most political figures do not know and for obvious reasons,
He did it anyway.
“There is a solution.”
Irene didn’t know how anyone might hate Kate, but she was grateful it was the case. It made her life easier. She fiddled with the silken end of her sleeve, wondering how she could feel at once so childlike and centuries old at once. It felt like whining when she said she didn’t want a husband, selfish even. Yet every time she thought of some man expecting something of her,
John frowned a little at the mention of Mycroft, though it wasn’t entirely intentional. It was hard not to frown, when his most vivid memory of the man was when he had attempted to drown him. Seeing his expression Lestrade laughed a little, seeming a little sheepish on his partner’s behalf.
John was very careful, making sure that Sherlock did not know of these new urges. His flatmate was already stepping about him like he was a stranger, and John truthfully just wanted them to return to their original dynamic, this strange “something else” between them not quite a reality and so awkward and clumsy in its manifestation.
He was a doctor, or at least he was training to be. It was not in his nature to ignore the cries of the ill, even if the ill happened to be a three hundred pound Dragon with claws that could turn him into sashimi if they felt so inclined.
That being said, I hate leaving stories unfinished, and still have a good idea of where my unfinished stories are headed. I will try to update soon ^_^
Regardless, he had gone into the Yard today feeling pretty low. He kept a professional air, but the truth was all Lestrade wanted to do was go home, sit on his beaten up couch like a gremlin in the dark and make some soup.
If no one had realised that John was a crack shot before, they most certainly would now.
The singing somehow never got louder, instead it was elusive and bodiless. Every time John thought he had found the room or hall it was coming from, it seemed to move. It was like it was pulling him, guiding him deeper into the palace than he’d ever dared to go alone before.
They started and stopped in spasms.
Somewhere, rage was hiding, and the detective wondered just what it would take to bring it out.
John was getting used to feeling like he was walking on eggshells in his own home, and it frustrated him and made him despair in equal amounts. He felt like he had been so close to getting Sherlock to open up, so
Hamish giggled and shook his head
Like a coiled spring, Sherlock complied. Yet his irises constricted, and John saw how they turned to sharpened slits. He swallowed, shifting as if to somehow discourage Dodge from probing further, but a hand in front of him halted his progression. Cerioth's fingers were slender as they splayed outwards, still they held strength in them as the slave looked up at John, brows furrowed in warning. It was an extremely abrasive gesture for one normally so complacent, and John found himself disconcerted by the Dragon's voiceless worry.
He got distracted by it, and so forgot the little girl back in Essex with their mother. He forgot what it felt like to be living in a home in which he was not the ruler, and most importantly forgot mummy’s temper when someone dared to shift the tables in her family.
“Mycroft-” left his lips, pleading, yet still the elder Holmes pressed on. Once he started, it appeared that Mycroft planned on sealing Sherlock's fate.
Sherlock ignored the own twisting in his chest as he watched something dark flicker in Sneak's eyes, pushing past the crawling sensation in his gut to find the cohesive whole of all of his deductions. He let the steel overtake him, gaze turning coolly triumphant at his eyes flashed with the fire of an answer.
He told himself he only reached out to touch the shell of John’s ear out of scientific curiosity. It was cold, cold to the touch, and the Water-Spirit frowned despite himself. Mortals, they could freeze so easily… Yet why should he care? Still, it would not do for John to go cold overnight, and the Water-Spirit instinctively wrapped the blankets closer about that sleeping body. John didn’t seem to have the instinct to fear him, not like most. This could be a problem. It meant he would be difficult to control. Even now, the young man didn’t seem to hold instinctual terror. John instead curled closer to the Spirit’s touch, a sleepy sound leaving the man’s lips that sounded suspiciously like a mewl of comfort. It was utterly disgusting, how easily it would be in that moment to break him. To take John and not give him a chance to say no. In the right circumstances, the Spirit was fairly sure he could even coerce the young man to enjoy aspects of it (it seemed John would get off on the adrenaline of it at least). Yet the thought sent a lump of coal to settle in his stomach, and Sherlock’s nose crinkled in distaste. His mind whirred on, speculating distantly on the looming future with John. Calculating all that would likely go wrong, so many, so much. There could be no future, and that much everyone seemed to be painfully aware of.
“He knows what it's like to be in a battlefield all the time. He doesn't make me talk when I don't want to, and as much as I find it irritating he makes sure I don't cross lines of etiquette that I do not understand. He's a....compass, if you will.”
Mycroft’s condition had at first made the girl snort, her gaze sliding away from the elder Holmes’ face.
“Torch it. We start questioning the Human captives.”
with this topic. They... Hell even
At least, that's the last thing he remembers. Because his heart begins to pound and his mouth turns dry, and a shudder ripples over the Doctor's spine. The next thing he knows, darkness clouds his vision. John has just enough time to realize what's happening, and that there's no way to stop it. His last panicked thought has to do with the fact that he's in a moving
panic as Sherlock abruptly released John, standing to quickly begin pushing the couch back to its original space.
kill him.
Sherlock had witnessed and experienced all three.
Sherlock normally kept his deductions to himself, or spoke them to John. Now, they were weaponized javelins, intent on getting a read where right now he only saw a frustrating blank slate.
. He had finally lost. He was going
“Funny. I never
Perhaps Kate sensed this, because she pressed her lips to Irene’s, the halo of her loose hair seeming to hide them from the rest of the world. It silenced all protests, all attempts to clutch that fairy tale closer. Irene let it, sure that for all her intelligence her heart would betray her if she had to hear Kate tell her
A small, hysterical bubble of amusement, mingled with horror and hysteria, broke from John's lips. Giggling, he looked to the detective, and found himself unable to stop. The shaking puffs of laughter filled him, filled the flat almost eerily, their edge strange and too high. Sherlock remained silent, although his dark brown lowered in what only John and a few others would be able to recognise as concern.
, not in the UK where Alien Immigrants were still looked on as the equivalent of parasites leeching resources from the world. The fact was, Gems were looked down on- judged and more often than not feared. The army doctor wanted to fade into the background, and that was difficult enough as it was with his cane, let alone with a completely new form and a tendency to light up like a glowstick.
“How long do you serve until you get one? I hear they're right expensive.” Mike said plaintively, clearly just as curious about it as John was. Briggs stretched a little lazily, tilting his head to the side so he could work out a crick in his neck. He scratched one side of his head as if thinking on the answer.
A ghost.
“It's time to stop the gaaaaaame of ignorance, Ice Man. The jig is up, and we know your hand. So we've come to make our move. We know you've been watching us from the beginning, and you know we in turn have been making puzzles to distract your
Bill however didn't seem particularly perturbed. He smiled gently at Sherlock before he held out his hand again, this time for the Dragon to shake.
Sherlock doesn't answer the phone. In fact he ignores it completely at first, hands folded in front of his face in calculation, fingers tapping gently on opposite knuckles as he stared hard at the folder sitting on the table before him. His dark curls glint with the late morning sunshine streaming hatefully through his window, making him appear to me almost ethereal save for his blue eyes piercing the seemingly offensive slip of paper before him. Across the room from him Mycroft smiles falsely, hands tapping on his umbrella imperiously as one eyebrow lifted in amusement. When he speaks his voice has the chill of Winter edging it on, but it's frosted edges have little effect on the made made of sunlight before him. Like Night and Day they face each other, opposite sides of the same coin. Sherlock tries to ignore the irony in the fact that compared to his older brother, he is the lighter presence.
Irene was another issue that the two of them danced around, though John would privately admit to himself that it was as much his own fault as Sherlock’s. He didn’t know how to keep his footing around her, and he felt like the gaze she levelled him was at once hungry and dismissive. Irene’s true focus was on Sherlock and his brilliance, anyone could see that with half a brain to them. Yet Sherlock seemed completely uninterested, at least towards the sexual aspect. John wondered to himself if Sherlock even
John’s hand twitched involuntarily, and it was without thinking that his upper lip curled and he responded with “
John felt a chill run down his spine. He could feel rather than hear Sherlock's coiling panic, carefully tamped down with anger.
Instead, he found himself face to face with something that was
had housed one sulking detective, curled
He, Dodge and Cerioth were met by a rather nervous looking young woman, smiling kindly from beneath a fringe of frizzy curls. She curtsied to them both before straightening, her garb identical to theirs as she introduced herself as Hajera.
The Dragon was stronger, physically at least. Like the rest of his kin, Sherlock took to running with grace and ease, his lithe form well-suited to all forms of exercise. However unlike his Chinese or English cousins, John noticed that the Dragon was quicker to tire, prone to headaches, and by the end of the day was flushed and irritable and grumpy. Sherlock had been reluctant at first to make a nuisance of himself, his own past mandating that he not utter a word of complaint if he was not immediately dying. However when John caught the Dragon nearly tottering over at the end of one particularly hot day, his wings seasick-green and quivering, not even Sherlock could deny he was in pain.
The first time Mycroft kidnapped and interrogated him, John wasn't all that surprised. After all, Sherlock was family. What was more, the army doctor had his suspicions that the elder Holmes had practically raised the detective from when he was a Hatchling, making him less of a brother and more of a mum.
needed in the med bay, even their presence brings good luck and healing.”
, because this was not how it usually
“More of a communication line, in truth,” Mycroft murmured “It is truthfully not my place to explain in detail, but there is a reason that Sherlock and I regard each other as siblings. Are you aware of how Gems procreate?”
“But you won't.”
Please comment or kudo, and let me know what you think! :3
The perhaps most interesting fact about Queen Rania was that she may have been blind, but she used a Dragon to
“John. Move
John said, not bothering to shake the man's hand.
“Deduce the best Christmas present I ever got.” Sneak looked at him in surprise, blue eyes wide. After a moment's pause, Sherlock repeated himself. “Go on then, I want to see how good you are.” The detective spread his arms wide, and his blue-green eyes glittered. His voice was soft, inviting. “Read me, Sneak.”
His sister looked at him, eyes flashing in knowledge. Her voice was soft and sure, and before they could reach the throngs of village people and become separated, she took the young man's hand and squeezed tightly.
“Tell me, has my brother told you... about the Mating habits of Dragons?”
It is the sound of a bullet shattering through glass that makes Sherlock first think that John Watson is extraordinary. The sound crashes past his ear, hitting the cabbie/serial murderer square in the shoulder as he topples backwards with the force of it like a pin struck by a bowling ball. His knees go out from under him as Sherlock's dark curls whip about, staring at the empty window in shock and rapid calculation as the bottle of pills falls from his slack fingers.
His upper torso bare, Hajera found her gaze drawn to the twisting mass of black and blue ink that seemed to be crawling along John’s arms and across his chest. It was a Bond Tattoo, but it was rare in that it was incomplete. It writhed with the pain of its host, snowflakes and mechanical gears, a flickering mirage that never lingered too long in one form. One second, it was a mountainous landscape, the next the rotting branches of a tree outstretched towards the sky. Back to snowflakes and maze-like designs, it shuddered sickly. Damaging it, John’s shoulder wound was a red maw, breaking up the design.
awe and confusion, peering about the flat as if it somehow held the answer to her every inquiry. He feet kicked lightly from the seat of John's chair, occasionally being shifted to cross Indian-style as a hand came up to pick lightly at the skin around John's pointer finger. There was a familiar surge of restless energy about John's figure, a renewal of youth that seemed to melt away some of the tension in his
John was a bit absorbed, and truthfully later he’d be embarrassed by how caught up he could get when he wasn’t paying attention. He had already transformed, Citrine’s body somehow better at the swaying movements they liked, more fluid.
is I damn-well
“I understand, sir,” she murmured. Her dark eyes flicked to Hajera, wordlessly taking on the mantle as guide for their unprecedented guest. Anthea lead the woman away, Mycroft watching their departure down the hall.
Mike's blue eyes were dubious, clouded with scepticism.
He only stopped for breath when his drink finally ran out, and he realised that his bladder was full to bursting. Apologising before rising to his feet, the army doctor gripped his cane, and made his way down the beach. The shadows of the people stretched and twisted as he stumbled blearily to a copse of trees, forgetting in his intoxicated state that his own house was not so far away.
him to picking her
We're going to be late!”
Check the endnotes once you're done reading ^_^
Then he had to try very hard to keep a small smile from his lips, trying to work its way past his earlier cynicism.
, protecting John alone. And then others came, one by one and filled our head. And I had to protect them too, because they’re part of John.”
that had refused to even
was being answered, a presence lingering in the periphery of his vision.
Then he set about to the other walls.
term might be
Vaguely, John also noticed that his headache was getting stronger. It was positively pounding inside his skull, and his joy was beginning to be pushed aside for a crawling kind of nausea welling up at the back of his throat. He gagged, lurching forward to spit into the sink, only to have nothing to dispel from his stomach. He hadn’t gotten a chance to eat breakfast, since Sherlock had wanted to get started on the case as soon as possible.
The lanky man's eyes narrowed dangerously, and he enunciated his words as if he were speaking to a child.
“What’s his last name; 'Mish? I’m afraid we didn’t catch it.”
And finally,
Sand.
“Sherlock-”
“You always were one to dive headfirst into bluntness. I suppose I’m glad that wasn’t stolen from you.” He said this almost conversationally, as if he expected Sherlock to have some kind of reply.
let it rain, I’ll do whatever you want. I promise, I won't fight you.” Sherlock closed his eyes tightly at the words, quite suddenly loathing himself more than anything else in the world. The words he had spoken in haste, in anger hot and vile now seemed like sharpened blades, and they worked beneath his skin and did their best at causing him agony.
It was a hollow feeling, to starve when there was food only a short distance away. Sherlock considered the sensation as he lay on top of his bed, comforter scrunched into a nest-like ball to his left from when he had needed its weight pressed all around him. Now it was too stifling, and he found his shirt rucked up past his navel and the sweatpants he had donned for the day hanging loosely from his hips. He didn't look down, instead his fingers mapping out the edges of his clothing, toying with the waistband's cord. Arbitrarily he felt nausea swimming low in his throat, as if his stomach believed he could vomit out the sensation of hunger if it only tried hard enough.
“Sherlock can tell you he's a lot better than he was before. I mean, you saw how he was back -” He cut off, clenched his fists. John did not want to mention that bloody kennel again, and instead quickly changed topics.
“Have you ever seen a sleepwalker, Claude?” When she nodded her head in confirmation, Sherlock
to do this, to skulk after some nameless flatmate that
The old woman's voice warbled cheerily on the other end, relief
Sebastian insisted, crying out lowly when Sherlock tightened his grip in threat. The Dragon’s thoughts spun, trying to make sense of it. So, Wilkes didn’t know. Which meant that the operation was much more hush hush than Sherlock had originally thought. It was in that moment that Sherlock realised what he was doing, exactly, and all but flung Sebastian to the ground as hard as he could, bolting at the last instant.
Overly sweet.
“And you say you don’t have a heart.” He muttered thickly, laughing even as the detective sniffed offendedly. “You ruddy
is fantastic!!! thank you so, so much!!!
couldn’t.”
Sherlock suggested this with a completely smooth expression, as if telling the Queen of Hell herself to all but
was effectively smashed to pieces, the little cups overturned and dark tea stains making marks on the floor. The teapot itself
like it never happened?”
if he changed in front of Greg. He fidgeted in place, his all-too-perfect human hands clenching and unclenching at his sides.
Fine.
“Anything you do to John rest assured I will not hesitate to repeat on your brother.”
It was as if a child had painted them on a canvas in shades of brown, black, and dark, dark red.
"Ah, Mike. I didn't…"
“Unless you think you're too
Sitting on the creaky chair in the kitchen, John began to read into the night to distract him from the overwhelming note of panic singing lowly in his gut.
John hadn't changed into anyone but Claude now for almost a month. Judging from the pattern in which his
The line of black stockings against snow-white skin was intoxicating to look at, and the sight was only made all the sweeter by the dark lace panties cupping Shyla’s arse. There was a rapidly-spreading damp patch along the front of them, and the detective couldn’t help the tremulous moan that reached her lips as John pressed forward, the warmth of his tongue causing Shyla to curl forward, fingers reaching instinctively to twine in the short blonde strands of her lover’s hair.
Many thanks as always to my fantastic beta
waited for betrayal.
as if his childlike mind thought he just needed a good nap to recharge.
trying to at least make an
John wasn't sure, though he had heard horror stories.
bad, surely?
(thankfully Claude had let John take charge for that bit) the detective hadn't been out of the flat much. The truth was, he was
A thick, sticky silence stretched outwards when the Dragon didn’t respond, instead merely narrowing his eyes in open distrust. Sherlock’s head tilted to the side in a reptilian, calculating fashion. He was mildly unsettled when the man before him copied the movement effortlessly.
John looked up sharply in surprise, his mouth falling open. He was quick however to snap it shut.
“As a result, chances are that you will be put in a group that has a high amount of field work, probably working with with at least one other
Sherlock woke to the strings of a piano being played, the sound echoing syrupy sweet and gentle. For a moment he lay there, just listening to the melody being carefully set out. John was composing, his tenacious, soldierly tendencies making it sound more like a march then a melody. Note by note, chord by chord Sherlock listened as the sound of it slowly pieced together.
Along with it, a voice that was not his own whispered in his ear.
Around them, the dregs of the dream had begun to fade completely. The people were no more than ideas, sketches and concepts of houses surrounding them. John felt like he could reach up and touch them, and they’d dissolve like smoke. The longing he felt for his family, for his village and its people left a tightness in his throat.
“She hatched only a few days ago, I’ll admit I’m still adjusting to her presence. Would you like to meet my Nalini, Sherlock?” The way he said
thanks for all the lovely comments and kudos while I was gone! I love London so far, and I'm so happy to get back to writing! :D
to snap its victim's throat.
They were there, somewhere. Sherlock just couldn’t seem to articulate them, sound them out with his lips. How did one explain the nebulous feeling of fitting into one’s skin one moment and then not fitting into it the next? How did one describe the blurring of identity, of feeling neither here nor there sometimes?
His first answer is instinct. An automatic response from being asked so many times in both the Army and as a child the exact same question. The slightly defensive bristling of his shoulders is not lost on the Detective.
Then, before Sebastian could reply, the teen swung, quick as lightning.
“I’ve… I’ve been hearing your thoughts, sometimes.” John whispered, as if he thought the very mention of the insane might be dismissed. With Sherlock’s silence, he seemed emboldened to continue, the words leaving him in a rush. “Not all the time, but… It’s like, I listen and I can find you. I see thoughts that aren’t mine, images…Tell me I’m wrong.  Tell me it’s PTSD, or…or…” John broke off then, swallowing hard.
The dog was hit by a car by the time Shyla turned nine herself. The driver hadn’t seen the dog, already lunging across the road and on its way to pick up Shyla from the bus stop (as the Irish Setter did every school day). The result left the vet to conclude that there was little to be done for the poor animal, and it was put down despite the shrieking fit Shyla conducted in the waiting room.
“I never really thought about… well. I never thought you’d actually… There’s so much
“Have you come just to mock me, or to darken the doorstep and interrogate my bride? Because either is frankly unwelcome but if it’s the first then I have no issues with kicking you out. The latter I’m only allowing because you can report back to Mummy, and save her the trip here.”
She was just a little kid.
was merely waking up. For a moment the ex army doctor stared at him with dawning horror and shame, a low flush of mortification crawling over his cheeks before he abruptly spun and buried his face in his pillow.
*whispers* PLOT. :P
It would be perfect, if it didn’t feel like John was performing said actions out of a sense of guilt. The worried look upon the man’s face was infuriating and concerning, and Sherlock couldn’t look at it too long before he wanted to shout at the man to stop being so incredibly dull. John’s appetite had also waned as of late, and all in all it made John look pale and somehow fragile. It was a look that seemed completely out of place on his face, and Sherlock wished not for the first time that he had the ability to actually read minds instead of just guess. For guessing at
He also really wished he hadn't offered him his phone.
The voice was that of a woman's. Sharp and impatient over the frozen lines of the troops.
And though Sherlock's mind was blazing, trying to reign in his anger at whoever made John react in this way to even the hint of failure, the detective managed to stay calm enough to stroke the top of Claude's head.
presence is going to lead to
Thankfully, John didn’t have to answer. For in that moment, a rattling gong sounded, and a deep and lazily drawling voice spoke from nowhere and everywhere at once.
Daniel's Scottish brogue was soft, coming from the same lips with a quiet resignation.
He didn't want to, the thought alone made him feel ill. Yet Sherlock was looking at him,
Sherlock had woken with curses on his lips, early in the morning. Jerking upright, the Water-Spirit clutched at the bridge of his nose, grimacing in pain even as outside, clouds flickered with his discontent. It took him a moment to reorient himself, realising that he was back in his chambers, the silken sheets beneath him recognisable. However the warm body beside him, most definitely was not.
Then he would be moved again, and the cycle would start all over.
Still he was curious. For a long time now, John had wondered who could have written such a book, an instruction manual for Dragons unlike any other he had ever seen. He had lain awake at night trying to imagine the Dragon that had written it. For some reason, he’d always conjured up some wizened old man, possibly with a flowing beard. The man before him though very sharply dressed, somehow fell flat. John also wasn’t sure
John caught the lines, the noise of it humming in his blood even as his feet carried him forward. It was a melody, a story he'd known since he was a very small boy. It was one of the first tunes he had ever been blessed to hear. A beautiful song, asking the local Water-Spirit for the precious liquid it could provide that the village always so sorely missed.
There was a pause, then the crowd parted to reveal a woman. Her hair was deep auburn, and her eyes were fierce as she glared silently at Irene. Her hands were clenched tightly at her sides. She spoke, and though her voice shook, she held her ground.
Remember though, not
The detective marveled at how such a small, insignificant thing could make all the world of difference.
“I suppose I am sometimes.”
The detective could practically feel the gears that
into the touch like a babe seeking its Mother.
He didn't know why, but perhaps that was the nature of the nightmare. Trapping its owner in the fells of their own subconscious mind, feeding on their fears and darkest torments. And wasn't that what fire was to a creature who was made of ice? The ultimate mind-numbing terror.  It was enough to make a grown Dragon become crippled in fear.
“What is the point of existing if your only purpose has already been fulfilled?”
John tried to fix the shattered pieces of stone even as the whistling sound of a bomb shrieked in the distance, even as he heard his friend Murray’s voice screech his name. Even as he felt a bullet knock into him, steal his breath. John lay in the sand bleeding, face only lifting once with wide eyes as he saw the Gem-based weapon land almost fifty feet beside him, and explode. He was thrown back into the dirt, a ringing filling his ears as dust blinded him. Everything dimmed to grey, even as a moment passed before John was overwhelmed with pain that made his lips part and his scream endless and loud. He could feel it tearing apart his throat, clawing its way through him just like the shrapnel lodged in his shoulder. John screamed and screamed, bleeding out onto the sand, white-hot pain garbling his words and his thoughts so that
That everything in the world was exactly as he saw it.
It didn't take much for Sherlock to soon become one of the many that ate out of Sebastian's smarmy palm.
“I'm Sneak. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
“Take Soo Lin. We'll swap Dragons for a bit so I can check out Sherlock's heart and his fluid intake to make sure it hasn't been strained with the heat, and you can have an assistant that knows where everything is.”
It seemed he would fail on both accounts. John suddenly couldn't abide by that. His jaw clenched, and though there were tears of fear and pain in his eyes, he looked the creature stubbornly in the eye. His voice was firm if a bit shrill, his arms curled defensively about his legs, expecting an attack at the slightest provocation.
Sherlock saw the fear that flickered in Daniel’s eyes, carefully controlled but there nonetheless.
pleasant surprise, kicking her way over in the strange floating water in which they were both submerged. Her hands were
John swallowed once, and his lover pressed a slow, desperate kiss to his lips. In it, the army doctor could taste apology.
Greg’s brows furrowed under his silver hairline, pausing long enough to look at the detective for some kind of explanation. Sherlock took a deep, pained breath, his hands curling inwards on himself. The itch across his skin, a phantom craving to pick at his nail-beds and wrists made him tremble minutely. He mentally cursed his own fear- one would think that years and years of coming out to people multiple times would have made said anxiety diminish. Yet here he was, fumbling over words like he was a child again under his mother’s inquiring gaze.
noted that his sister’s skin was littered with tiny scratches and acne, a sign of severe skin picking. Like that observation opened a floodgate, Mycroft found himself flicking his gaze over his sister’s hunched form, taking in everything he had willingly dismissed.
“Please, I'm just looking for
Without even sparing a glance at the women behind him, the pale-faced figure's gaze unerringly locked with John's.
to you?”
As it was, the detective leaned back against the leather seat of the cab with his frosty gaze glued to some unseen spot on John’s jumper. Though he didn’t speak, his eyes tore into the shorter man without reservation, seeming to break him apart in that calculating way, peeling back layers of skin to get to the heart. Still he danced about with whatever had sparked his curiosity, something decidedly un-Sherlock-like as he seemed to hold his tongue from whatever it was he wanted to ask. John resisted the urge to squirm, to twitch away from the intense gaze burning into his collar-bone. He had become used to the detective merely being upfront about any questions, his surefire mind constantly rattling off information like a pinball machine set on automatic. One thousand blinking and flashing lights, synapses burning and skyrocketing to a conclusion with cutting precision. Sherlock Holmes wasn’t a subtle person, when he had questions, he got answers.
From then on, Sherlock knew exactly how to stop himself from itching outside of his own mind.
Sherlock found himself chuckling at it, the low rumbling noise genuinely amused. Across from him, John's eyes seemed to fixate on his mouth and the noise, like it was fascinating.
Interestingly enough, he couldn't recall anything that had seemed particularly useful. He wasn't even sure if the Monster would be able to understand him if he begged for mercy, because not all Dragons learned the Human language, especially if they were in the Kennels for a long time. Many couldn't read or write. John couldn't even pass French class in secondary school, much less learn Dragon-Tongue by some miracle in five seconds-the amount of time he guessed he would soon black-out. The thing seemed determined to strangle him as slowly as possible.
And Mycroft leans forward so that he is folded in the middle like a piece of paper, eyebrows lowering in suspicion as his voice dripped false courtesy
John found himself looking at things through the eyes of a seal.
mad. He wanted
“Looks like you've got an audience to your Death March mate.”
John listened to stories about the fisherman of the town and how they were complaining due to a loss of population of their fish, and quietly supported them in their struggles to make ends meet. He recounted some of his lighter war stories, and caused Mike's eyes to round impossibly as he told the tale of how once he wound up in bed with three different women over three different nights. He spoke and spoke, weaving tales unconsciously like his grandmother would of, but his were not of magic and myth. They were of his life, his own pain and his own adventures. John liked to pretend nothing ever happened to him, but the truth was it was only an illusion he bought into when faced with the harsh reality of day. At night his eyes glimmered like the ocean itself, just as dark and just as filled with longing as he recounted the battle and the exhilaration and the terrible,
Softening, the army doctor let him rest there for the afternoon even as he read more of the mysterious book he had been gifted. Privately, he sent a thought of his own towards the scaly creature.
Sherlock threaded his fingers into John’s hand, and his voice next to his ear was almost a kiss.
“Hear what?”
For a moment longer, no one dared to speak, as if they were all frozen solid in ice that was as thick as it was frigid and cold. Then John heard his sister's desperate shout ting out like a bell, and the enchantment broke as Harry, painted bride, made as if to grab the Water-Spirit and shake him. Like time itself restarted, Raz was suddenly upon her, and over half the village was slowly rippling to life, noise reaching a cacophony of shouted praises and prayers for mercy. John watched in muted horror as the people he had grown up with all slowly fell to their knees, curling themselves on the hard ground and chanting songs of worship and praise that had the hair on the back of his neck rising and gooseflesh rippling across his skin. Like dominoes he watched them, spilling over one another in an effort to show their reverence. The Spirit didn't seem inclined to pay them any mind however. His gaze remained fixedly upon John's face. The young man thought he saw a hint of a frown on the pale figure's features, but from the distance between them, he couldn't be sure.
John was also taken in at least in name, Daniel fronting until sleep inevitably took over, and the army doctor succumbed. The doctors determined that he had minimal injuries in spite of everything. Mycroft’s influence managed to bully the nurses into having Sherlock placed in the same room, the detective deducing that upon waking his friend would be disoriented. The elder Holmes left Sherlock with notes of Henry Knight’s recovery, as well as a few parting words towards his brother.
“She’s dangerous, John. Dangerous and almost as clever as Sherlock or I. The Gem she’s been blackmailing is not the first victim to her cons and if she’s not careful, she’s going to attract some ugly company. Anyone tied to her will be in the strike zone, and truth be told there is only so much I can do outside of my Diamond court. I humour Sherlock, but the other Diamonds… they’ll crush him if he steps a hair out of line. Irene affiliates with dangerous people, and they’re attracting attention.”
THINK I NEED YOUR FUCKING PROTECTION SHERLOCK HOLMES WHEN YOU CAN BARELY PROTECT
In a hope to perhaps burn out the girl through exercise, she tried to buy Shyla a dog, something which she could care for and hopefully gain some responsibility by.
Shyla refused to be touched, not even in the kindest of ways. She swore at Mycroft upon seeing him, loudly snarled at the sergeant that held her in detainment while the elder Holmes signed her release papers, and eventually fell into a boiling silence that lasted the duration of the car ride home.
